When I got home that night, Sam was watching Ghostbusters, so I decided to join him.
He pulls away from Cas’ grip and catches a gimps of their faint reflections in the window. The snow was coming down even harder now, much to his dismay. “No Cas, we fucking aren’t. We were modeled on
Dad wasn’t too happy about that one, but I didn't really care. Even if I had done everything right, but slipped up once, I’d only hear about the slip-up.
P.S. don't be shy, click on "Dear future me up," up top to vote on a poll for later chapters.
P.S. if anything happens to Baby, don't think I won’t come for your ass.
We were both surprised when we saw her with a new short bob. From the time I had known her, her hair hadn't been shorter than the middle of her back.
Tessa went to the hotel to sleep for a little bit around 1 pm since she was going to take the night shift. Things got a little crazy when this guy with sunglasses came cruising in at around 7 o'clock that night.
Haven't seen it since.
Of course, I said HELL YEAH! Then pulled him up for a slow kiss.
***Here's the finished product. I actually really liked that he put the CGM on there. It actually took a week after writing this letter. Can’t show it all, at the risk of anyone else seeing my junk*
In January, when I was 15, one morning before school, I found my Mom choking on her own vomit in the living room.
She ended up lying down with me and whispering these words that I hadn’t felt in a long time.
Charlie said all of hers were still in and it was why she had so much wisdom…
TIMESKIP****
She somehow managed to get a few kids at the table like Crowley and Lilith to start calling me Dean-the-Bean and it only took a couple of weeks for the hated nickname to start spreading.
They traded my mom's life in for a few minutes shaved off of their commute.
Whoops, this is very late. I'm a procrastinator and it's just who I will always be. Happy Birthday Dean Winchester. 42 has never looked so good
Kevin actually over facetime. His mom went to visit him. He wants us all to come up sometime.
Was totally worth that extra bolus.
Took me about 8 months to find another job. Now I work at this cool company that manages systems for other big facilities, but during those 8 months without a job was hard. It was hard having only Cas support us. Diabetes ain't cheap. To save money, I started doing multiple injections. And I felt… kind of useless. I began to throw myself into workouts actually. I didn’t even realize It was becoming an issue until Cas mentioned that he was worried about me. At first, I told him that he was overreacting, and we started fighting about it… actually we began to fight a lot more. About stupid shit too. So I in turn decided to workout every day, sometimes twice a day.
Afterward, we started driving to the hotel. Cas was unusually quiet in the car. He isn't a loud person typically, but this was different. He usually holds my hand while we’re in the car, but tonight, he just had them in his lap facing the window.
I had reached two other goals that I hadn’t specifically set.
I wish I could stop, but I can’t.
Reviews are always welcomed! I get excited about like everyone of them haha.
Cas’ favorite part is "babywearing". He wears Journey anywhere he can. To the store, on walks with Daisy, around the house. I do my fair share of baby wearing but he does it more.
It had been a pretty good group. By then, I had been going to that group for the last five months and I had finally started to semi-open up. We were talking about people we looked up to.
My parents of course justified all of this with love but I remember thinking it was bullshit.
We hadn't had Mom's chocolate chip cookies in forever, and Mom never could say no to a bet, so Dad knew what he was doing. The only food Mom was good at making was tomato soup with rice, sandwiches, and a damn good chocolate chip cookie.
But even though he kept us all up at night, I wouldn't have traded him for anything in the world. He's still the best brother I could have asked for, even if I don’t remember asking for a little brother. Obviously I’ll never tell him this because his head would get bigger than it already is and explode.
Michael, my birth father who was 17 at the time, was the son of one of the higher up leaders. My mother, Eve, was 16. Her parents had moved there when she was 10. Michael and my mom started seeing each other in secret. At the time, Michael was going to be married to this lady named Layla when he turned 18.
I can't stop thinking about if I had sent that to anyone other than Cas.
the way his legs tighten around his waist so tight that Dean knows his ribs are going to be sore for a couple of days.
I am 16 years old, but I turn 17 on January 24th. I live in Lawrence, Kansas. I go to Lawrence High School and I am a Junior. My favorite subject is Math and my least favorite is Art. I’m still not sure If I want to go to college but if I did, I've always liked fixing and building things so maybe something that has to do with that.
Well, the only way was that we had to do some favor for her in the future. She didn’t specify why, but the smile she gave us seemed evil.
Here's a list of the things I know for sure about him
Dear Dean Fucking Winchester,
I guess one of the things I miss about her the most was when she’d sing “Hey Jude” to me and Sammy at night and around the house. I also miss the rice and tomato soup she cooked for me when I was sick (Sammy was never a huge fan of it). She couldn’t cook a ton of things so it was from the can, but it always tasted better than usual. Dad doesn’t make it as good as she does, but at least he tries.
Go get em, Dean-o
Also, this chapter got so many changes last night and this morning and I added a ton. So enjoy!
I know Dad can be a little hard on you sometimes, but you've been dealing with the “d-bag” like a freaking pro. I’m not sure I could ever deal with something like that.
This is what I grew up hearing about the Stilinski house:
Awesome.
The day before yesterday, I had trouble keeping my blood sugar in range. I was drinking a Coke Zero in class and someone asked if I should be drinking that because of its sugar.
I took myself out for pie to celebrate, and Cas joined me, though, he didn't know that I was celebrating.
Haven’t written one of these in a while. We’re at Bobby’s and Ellen’s for Thanksgiving. Been spending the day giving Baby tuneups. College life is still treating her pretty well.
Being bisexual wasn’t something I’ve really thought about, let alone considered myself before. I have always just been attracted to girls and assumed I was straight… although there’s something about Doctor Sexy that gets me. And I’m not afraid to admit that. If anyone ever made fun of me for it, I’d give them something to really laugh about.
So, I’m supposed to keep my blood sugar between 80-130 but under 180 after which has been easier said than done. Since the hospital, my numbers have been between 70 and 220. Dr. Walker started me off with around 25 units of insulin per day until we know how much I actually need.
When I checked my blood sugar before lunch, it was running a little high. At lunch, I ate the sandwich I had, only because I had already taken my insulin, but I wasn't hungry at all. When I put my head down, I think Cas and the group got a little worried. Cas actually threw a pack of some M&Ms at me.
After that incident, it was as if a light switch had flipped for her and she seemed better. She started working again and had even been hanging out with some friends.
I’m sure I’ll see her around town.
She and I went to this indoor market one day in December to get some doughnuts that my mom was craving. It was the first real craving she had had since the funeral. We were about to leave when I spotted this grey stuffed mouse. It was homemade and had two different colored eyes, but I loved it. It cost 6 dollars, but I only had 4.01 so my aunt paid for the rest of it. That was the first thing I ever bought Anna. After we got home and washed it, I placed it in her crib.
I looked her up online and watched a few videos of her news reports and she’s really good. Things weren’t awkward between us or anything. It was honestly nice catching up.
I was gonna do it, you know.
Sammy’s excited to check the school out again; poor boy doesn't know he's got a few more years till college. I think he’s already started applying.
But, anyway, you'll be happy to know that on Friday, Ms. Rowena told the theater club that we’re doing The Addam’s Family in January. I know how much you love that. Thanks for making it to both of my plays. I know you weren't too fond of when we did the Crucible or Alice in Wonderland. Guess I knew that if Dad was working, at least you’d be in the crowd. Can’t tell you who I’m going to try out as, but just know, I’m doing it for you.
Anna was a stillborn.
I mean I’d try everything once... but still.
Then, the second donation came around.
But anyway, I actually decided to take a pump break a little bit before this trip. Been going rogue for the last 2 weeks now. Alicia and Max told me they do it every summer. At first, I thought they were bat shit crazy. I asked my endocrinologist about it and he actually said that some of his other patients have had “great success” with breaks. Supposedly it gives your body time to heal from all the site changes. So better insulin absorption.
My biggest fear is that he’ll shut me out and that’s the last thing I ever want. It took him so long to tell me about his life in the first place. Now, he doesn't shut down at all anymore when he talks about his family with me. And I like that. I like where we are. I like that we can share anything with each other and the other one doesn't think anything weird about it.
He told me that I needed to march my ass over to Cas’ and stop wallowing.
I was planning to propose to you but then this whole thing happened with my Mom. It would have been on the 27th… I had the whole thing planned out too. I had to go back to the drawing board though and I have yet to plan the perfect time to do it.
In November, it will be a year and a half since Mom died. It was in May when some idiot crashed into her on her way to pick me up from this group thing.
And delicious.
I don't know how I feel about that because it means that either Mom had big fingers or I have really small ones…
She told me that it took 32 hours in total to birth me. She ended up pushed for a while before she had to have an emergency C-section.
They better do the Addams family.
I swear if the color could drain from your face, all of mine would have been seeping into my shirt.
She told me that sexuality was a spectrum and that I just may be bisexual.
My plan was to look at architecture, but it was so boring I thought about walking out in the middle of class twice. So, I decided to go to a mechanical engineering class instead after hearing this girl talk about building a robot. Never wanted to build a robot before, but she made it sound awesome. I think that’s what I want to major in now.
We ended up getting in a big fight about how we were dealing with Mom’s death. I accused him of not caring and he accused me of losing myself. Which, he was right about.
off to some more unexpected news.
Though our stories and struggles were different, Bela and I understood each other on a level that nobody else could. In both our cases, this whole thing had started because we wanted to lose a few pounds, but it turned into an obsession that left us with trying to find a new normal.
But speaking of Cas, things with him have been going really good.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas yawned. “Drawing me with or without the eye patch?”
My mom was pretty mad and mentioned the extra apples and sandwiches that she had been packing in my lunches for school and how “the refrigerator had been dwindling living with two boys.”
My first thought when I brought it inside was that it was justified because I had bought the scale with my own money and that now that I was 17, I could make my own decisions. And then I told myself that I would return it, but I never did. I instead decided to see if it worked by putting some batteries in it. When it turned on, it was then an excuse to try it out.
But I hadn't seen the letter before and it was nice. There was also a ring in there. I remember mom wearing it.
He didn't know that I had been struggling with it for the past few years, but it was still pretty fucked up. Having an eating disorder isn’t about what gender you are.
What else… oh yeah we got a dog. Her name’s Daisy. She's a German Shepard and she's the best dog ever. Yes, Dean Winchester just said that and he actually meant it.
When I was shaking a little less, and at 74, I went downstairs with my supplies and ended up just on the kitchen floor, eating anything that I could grab. I ate two chocolate peanut butter granola bars and fruit snacks, then two spoonfuls of peanut butter since I guess I didn’t have enough in the granola bars... and a piece of bread. Must say, not a great combination. At all.
Towards the middle, before this dinner party scene happened, Cousin Itt came on the stage and did the Rock on symbol with his hands and that’s when I knew that that was my freaking Sammy. I was so proud that I ended up grabbing Benny and Cas by the shoulders and shaking them.
It was devastating because we had all been so excited to meet her. I had obviously never had a sibling before and the idea of one meant hope, especially after my dad had died. And now that hope was gone.
It’s been interesting watching her personality… bloom. She’s feisty like Kaia that’s for sure… Recently she’s been really into throwing toys and food on the floor. The first thing that made her laugh was when I made a popping noise by putting my finger in my mouth. Cas and I tried for months and she laughed at the simplest thing.
When my mom got home from the hospital, she couldn't even look at Anna’s room.
His fingers hurt from how tight his lover is holding them but he wouldn’t trade the feeling for anything.
After that, we did go-karts (pretty sure I got some whiplash) and that one spinny ride that I can't remember the name of.
He gave one-word answers throughout the whole conversation and when he hung up, he just stared at his phone for a long while. When he looked back up at me, he had this look that was unrecognizable.
So, back to this college visit.
Meeting Bela made the hospital bearable, but as much as I hated the hospital, being at home was worse. At least at the hospital, I had a few people who were going through the same things as me. No offense to Sammy, Mom, or Dad but no matter how much they'd try, they'd never fully understand what I was going through.
We do a lot of the same things that we did when we weren’t dating; like listening to music and watching movies. He shows me some of his sketches that he's done too. Some had me in them. He’s about halfway done with this sketchbook. His art has gotten better since I met him. Considering he was really good before.
But she does look good for her age...
And all that was annoying on its own, but I think the worst thing they did was take away the scale in my bathroom. That annoyed the shit out of me more than anything else they had done. Before, I was checking my weight around three times a day. Once in the morning, once when I got home from school and at least once after dinner. By that point, it had become a habit. I guess the feeling of not having one could be compared to not having a clock in the room when you’re at school and taking a timed test... but more stressful.
Castiel even invited us over for dessert sometime.
The pain meds they gave me did a few weird things to my blood sugar. I had to program my insulin pump to give me less insulin because I kept going low.
Kaia brought this guy over. I forgot his name but the sonofva bitch wore sunglasses inside.
We were having takeout and my Dad asked me how I’d been lately. And of course, I told him that I’d been fine. He then gave me this look and told me he knew that I was lying.
Gross.
When they offered me some of their lunch, I almost took them up on their offer, but I declined and said my juice was just fine.
The doctor went on to explain that I had lost consciousness because of extreme dehydration and not getting enough nutrition. Also, I now had a mild heart arrhythmia.
Charlie, Cas, and I were supposed to go to the lake today but Cas bailed. Which is something he hasn't done before. He has a hard time telling Charlie no.
When I was done telling her, she called me an idiot. She also said that anyone with two brain cells could tell that Cas and I definitely had something between us. Apparently I have one brain cell.
He’s lucky I love him.
Why do I feel like I've made that joke before?
Charlie had an early midlife crisis and is now traveling the world. She just sent us an ornament from Germany and has been to Italy, Australia, and Thailand too.
And finally, to the pattern of his heartbeat.
I told him that much, and he said that he knew, but which meant it was the perfect moment to ask if I wanted to go to prom.
It hasn't always been easy because we're both stubborn sons of a bitches but we’ve gotten through it. When we do get in big fights, we found out early on that we need time away from each other. Not like going to a hotel away from each other, just being in separate rooms for a while. I got sent to the couch because of something stupid I said and I woke up in the morning to find Cas wedged between me and the couch. We decided that no matter how mad we were at one another, we would always go to bed and wake up next to each other.
Benny is in the process of finally opening up his own restaurant. He’s still in the early stages of building it and it’s going to be named Heart and Soul when it opens a year and a half from now. He and Andrea eloped after their twins were born. They ended up having another kid 11 months after. Andrea was pissed when she found out. She made him go stay at his brother’s for a few days.
Then he told me he wasn't gay.
Sam and the group usually all go together, but I figured I could go to the fair more than once.
It’s a four-door VW bug in green and it looked so small that I bet Sam and I would barely be able to fit into it.
Oh yeah, the other day, I got my first finger gusher when I was checking my blood sugar. It was kind of awesome. I had to actually wipe the blood off instead of just ignoring it like I usually do.
I asked him how he knew all that stuff, but he kind of just shrugged and said it was from porn. When I asked him what kind of porn he liked he just said he wasn't picky. I knew he was lying because he doesn't look at me when he lies. I was snooping on his laptop’s browser history once and it was as clean as a freaking whistle. And the history went back more than a month.
So yeah, met Nick for the first time. Wasn't impressed.
I’ve been living with the d-bag for 11 years now and things haven't magically become easier. Some days are alright, some days are bad, and other days are downright shitty.
Pamela pointed him to a Led Zeppelin album and told him that if he didn't buy it, she’d call the cops and tell them he had been trying to steal. The kid was so scared that he listened and put money in the tip jar. After that incident, Chuck finally let Ash update the security system in the store.
Then, unbelievably soon, Dean started to pull off him, waiting until Castiel had almost slipped out before ramming down in an instantly punishing pace. Loud grunts and groans fell from his lips on every thrust, laced with pain, and Castiel couldn’t help staring at the man in awe and shock as he fucked himself on his shaft.
“Cas.” Dean cradled his face, gently kissed him, then pulled back to rest their foreheads together. “You’re free.”
“He started it!” Claire yelled from behind him. When Dean glanced back at her with a questioning look, she shrugged. “He always pulls my hair and pinches me. Then he tripped me, and it hurt, so I punched him.”
“We almost kissed.” Dean finally blurted out.
As they walked, Dean shook the mala beads down off his wrist and ran them through his fingers. He counted each one, and as he counted he took a single measured breath for each bead. It helped to keep him calm and breathing normally, and his mind was relatively quiet on the walk. When they finally stopped at Dean’s car, he turned to look at Castiel and smiled slightly – because Castiel was also using his beads.
“Thanks for this, Cas.”
“That will do. Thankyou, handmaiden.” Charlie quirked a grin at him, and he chuckled softly.
“What’re you doing?”
Three hours into their game, Dean took a knee behind a large tree to assess his situation. After a quick scan of his body, he noted that he’d been hit seven times - once near his temple, which judging by the blue paint meant it was Jack. Dean didn’t mind too much - he could cut the kid some slack for an accidental hit. It had, however, given him a pretty good headache.
“Dean..” Castiel groaned out his name huskily as he rolled his hips against his hunter. “For once, shut up.”
“Aw, but we were having so much fun!” Charlie complained.
“Cas!” Dean gasped, dropping his gun and bolting forward.
Finally, he opened his eyes and sat up, glancing around the unfamiliar room. Disorientated, he immediately searched for his phone, only to find it plugged into the charger and resting on the bedside table.
“What the hell, man?! It’s not even six thirty!“
“It’s not morning before coffee.” Castiel grumbled sleepily, his hold not loosening.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I will not-“ Michael began, but his words were cut off as Benny twisted his arm further, using the momentary pain to push him back down in the chair. Benny let his arm go, then dropped his hands on Michael’s shoulders, effectively holding him down. “Unhand me immediately. You have no idea who you’re dealing with.”
“Oh god.” Sam breathed. “I didn’t think- I knew, when we were kids, but I thought it stopped... Didn’t he fight back?”
“It’s mostly a precaution. But I feel that we should each have a safe word, that we can use if things get too much. I’d like you to think of one, and when we talk this afternoon, we can exchange our decisions.”
Crowley and Sam had filed all the evidence that Charlie had unearthed, and brought the contractors who were willing in to testify. Naomi’s claim of innocence had quickly become a negotiation of a plea deal, to ensure she wouldn’t go to prison.
He felt his lips moving, and soon became aware that he was whispering continuously between sobs. Just two words, over and over, that somehow kept him hanging on.
“It was, uh… Normal, this morning. Got up, took my meds, went to work. Most of the day went fine, just the usual dicks on the phone whining over shit I can’t change.” Dean stopped there, taking a moment to breathe slowly.
Dean lifted his head to stare at Castiel, pupils blown wide with desire. He nodded shakily, showing his understanding, and the angel removed his hand.
“Do I look like a tour guide to you?” Charlie snapped, her eyes narrowing at him.
“Doesn’t matter if he isn’t. I’m proud of us. I’m proud of you, Dean.”
“Cas, stop. It’s fine.” Castiel looked up, noticing that Dean had leant forward to capture his attention better. “I’m not judging you. I get it. I was thinking, though, I could probably fix alot of this...”
Dean looked back at him, widening his eyes and shrugging the opposite shoulder in a way that said I-dunno-I-wasn’t-expecting-that.
As Dean laughed, Castiel grabbed an orange from the fruit bowl and threw it, catching the man on the arm as he retreated to the bedroom. Another laugh sounded, and Castiel grumbled about ridiculous accusations - all the while with a smile on his face.
“A… what?” Dean blinked. He knew what a safe word was – but he didn’t expect to need one in this situation.
He glanced around quickly, noting that none of the other patrons were taking notice of their odd position.
“Yeah, it’s alright.” Dean shrugged. “I seem to be managing it alright. And the Professor teaching it is… Nice.”
Cas grinned as he heard Dean gasp softly, rolling the little bud between his fingers before he pinched it again. He freed his other hand and snaked it around to Dean’s back, slipping inside the band of his boxers to grip Dean’s ass posessively. His nails dug into the soft skin, punching a drawn out moan from Dean’s lips.
“Hit it with a hammer. Broke it. Stupid, really.” Dean shrugged slightly.
“Dean...” Cas groaned into his ear, rolling his hips.
“…No.”
“I dunno. Something different, I guess.” Dean deflected as he glanced around. He spotted Castiel sitting down, reading some kind of book. “Hey, uh, Jo?”
“Mr. Novak.”
“Shit, Cas..” He panted, wriggling against the tree. “Where the hell did you learn to do this shit?”
Dean reached over and grabbed his satchel from the coffee table. He rifled through the contents for the book – then frowned slightly, and went through it more carefully. After a minute he started pulling everything out, placing things on the table. His laptop, his headphones, iPod and notebook for the course were in there, along with the hand outs that Castiel had given over the week. But the little notebook was nowhere. He rifled through the contents several times, hoping – but it wasn’t there.
The last call wasn’t particularly hard; it was just a guy who was too dumb to follow instructions properly, and mad at the world for it. He had started the call yelling, but eventually calmed down enough to write down the instructions Dean had given. All in all, it had gone well – yet Dean was still sitting here feeling overwhelmed from a simple interaction.
“Sorry, it’s that or coffee and, well...” He shrugged again.
“Oh for-“ Dean grumbled and slowed a little. “How much time are we gonna lose, and how tired are we gonna get?”
“Don’t.” Castiel growled and stilled his movements, glaring up at Dean. The man met his gaze, puzzled. “You are the noisiest asshole I’ve ever met, so don’t you dare muffle yourself or I will make you scream. I have suffered from your lack of silence so by god I will enjoy forcing those sounds from you now.”
Gabriel sighed and dropped his eyes, making his heart sink. Part of him had been hoping that what he was thinking and saying wasn’t true, but Gabriel’s reaction just confirmed it. There was definately a reason, and it wasn’t a good one, judging from the way champagne eyes met his with desperate pleading.
He sounded genuinely curious, a tinge of.. something, in his voice. It almost sounded like Dean could relate, but that certainly wasn’t possible.
The pleasure shooting through him, from his spine to his abdomen, was incredible. Sure, he’d had blowjobs before, but something about this was indescribably different. Castiel’s mouth on his cock felt like nothing he had ever known, and he barely heard himself moaning out loudly as his hips bucked forward against his will.
“I watched a lot of videos.” Cas explained in response to Dean’s comment. “They were rather confusing. With you demonstrating, however, they seem to have made sense.”
“No, I have to. It’s just... It’s hard, you know?” He asked, glancing up. Dean nodded, so he continued. “Michael runs the ‘family business’ ever since my parents passed. I was supposed to run it with him, but I didn’t want a part of it. So I left when I was eighteen, which was also when I got my inheritance and bought this place. Michael wasn’t happy, as I’m sure you can imagine, but he cut a deal with me. The inheritance I got, he said was only if I had run the business with him. So, instead of taking me through court, he said if I agreed to pay him the inheritance back and checked in with him weekly, he’d leave me alone. So I did. The check in’s are mostly to make sure I’m not doing anything - or anyone - he wouldn’t approve of.”
Dean’s back arched forward in an almost impossible move, thrusting his hips forward to bury his cock into Castiel’s throat violently.
He pulled his head back slightly, enough to gaze into Dean’s beautiful, worried eyes. This was what they had won - his freedom to be with Dean, to love him openly, with no restrictions. To build a future with this man that he had fallen head over heels for in no time at all.
“The rage part or the sex part?”
Dean paused, the pain being replaced by fear. It couldn’t be broken. If it was broken, he’d have to go to hospital. If he went to hospital, they’d see the rest of his arm. Sam hadn’t said anything, but Dean knew he could see it. But if the hospital saw that, they probably wouldn’t let him leave. Sam was watching him as he processed all this, and seemed to take pity on him. His brother sighed and shook his head, turning away with a pained expression.
“Who the fuck do you think you are?” Dean growled, instantly defensive.
“Look… Jodes.” Dean sighed out a breath, and shook his head. “You don’t have to do the whole conversation thing. I get it, I can’t expect to hold a job down while I keep having these episodes. Honestly, I’m surprised it didn’t come sooner. So, let’s just make this easier on both of us and I’ll leave now.”
He picked the phone back up and left the bedroom, padding out to the kitchen so he could talk without disturbing Dean.
As it turned out, he didn’t need to say anything. As he approached, he must have kicked a rock or something, sending it skittering noisily along the path. Castiel started and lifted his head quickly, then looked straight at Dean.
“Wasn’t going to say a word.” Sam responded, his arm tightening slightly around Dean’s shoulders.
Dean coughed, the flush spreading to his neck as he read a different implication in Cas’ statement. It was all he could do to nod silently, trying to hide his erection as he moved toward Cas. He had no such luck, of course, though he pretended to imagine the way the angel’s eyes flicked to his crotch before passing the cue over.
Castiel agreed and soon ended the call. He sighed and rubbed a hand over his face, his head tipping back slightly. Yesterday had been emotionally exhausting, and he had the feeling today would be the same. It wasn’t that he minded, just that he had to prepare himself for a long day.
“Yes, sir.” Dean answered softly, unable to help himself from saying the one thing he knew for a fact that Castiel seemed to like. The sharp intake of breath from the other end didn’t disappoint.
“You okay there Dean?”
“Dean, can I ask... Do you know what a panic attack is?” Castiel spoke gently now, as though he was wary of scaring Dean away.
“I-“ Cas paused as his mind raced. How could he explain this? How could he explain a few simple words had set him off like that? No. “I’d.. rather not talk about it.”
“Cas..” Dean breathed, the tip of his tongue flicking over his lip nervously.
“Me too. I find it hard to let people in.” Dean commented, stepping closer without looking away. “But once I do...”
“Please, Cas.. Can’t wait anymore...”
“Oh come on, I’m trying here!” Dean laughed.
“You know if you want to talk…” Sam started, but Dean shook his head with a slight grin.
“Please...” Dean answered, though he barely knew what he was begging for anymore.
But apparently it wasn’t to be, as Cas pulled away and stood up.
“Yes, Dean, skate. You know, with roller skates, like we used to when we were kids? They’re the shoes with wheels on them, in case you’re forgetting.”
Castiel opened for him willingly, a groan making its way up his throat as the man licked inside his mouth hungrily. There was nothing gentle or loving about this. It was pure rage and passion and desire, all curled into one ball that had exploded the moment their lips met. The man groaned as Castiel’s hands found his hips, pulling him harshly against himself with a bruising grip. He gasped aloud as the hands slid up, Castiel’s hands gripping hard and bruising marks up his side.
Sam left the room, but was back in a few minutes with a bunch of things. He didn’t say anything to Dean as he worked on the hand, but he wasn’t exactly gentle with him. Dean just watched and stayed quiet. He could see that Sam was annoyed with him, so it was best to avoid making that any worse right now.
Not long after, he’d been transferred from Gordon’s team to Jody’s, and she was more understanding – but it hadn’t helped, he’d continued to have episodes. And while she didn’t fire him, he felt like she should have by now. These episodes were happening too often and were putting pressure on people unnecessarily – like now, when he’d had an episode during training, of all things.
They lay there for several moments, catching their breath. Cas lightly carded his hands through Dean’s hair, the touch comforting as he lay his head on the man’s shoulder.
“Alright, well, how about tell me how Castiel and Uriel are connected.” Bobby asked, pulling out a notepad and pen.
“Well actually,” Sam spoke seriously. “We were watching some old videos I found - the one where we went skating when Dad was on the banshee hunt, remember? Cas and Jack got real excited and wanted to try.”
“Shit...Agh..” Castiel gasped out, his head hitting the wall again as he bucked hard against the man, so hard in his pants that it was almost painful. In that second he knew he had lost any semblance of control in the silent battle for domination.
Dean wasn’t sure what to say, so he stayed silent, feeling as though his face was on fire. There was silence for a few moments, until he heard Sam snicker. He looked up with a frown, watching as a shit-eating grin spread across Sam’s face.
“She punched my son!” The woman yelled at him.
Suddenly, the angel’s body was pressed against Dean’s, the forearm driving hard and painfully into his chest. Dean gasped, eyes flying wide open to stare into Castiel’s again. There was something in those eyes, something he wished so desperately for, but also that his mind desperately tried to push away.
He didn’t have long to muse on that thought, however - Castiel’s fingers lightly ghosting along his inner thigh ripped his mind straight back to to the here and now.
Gabriel helped him to stand, then passed him off to Dean. The two were silent as he leaned against Dean on their way to the bedroom. He made it to the bed and sat down, then glanced around the room with a soft smile as Dean closed the door. It was nice, being back in his own room, with the forest landscape Dean had painted on the walls. He glanced back at the man, who stood against the wall with his hands in his pockets, guarded green eyes staring back at him. He sighed softly, dropping his gaze to his hands as he twisted his fingers together nervously.
Dean smiled slightly, feeling a lot better than he had been, and followed Castiel back out to the party. He was surprised that a few of the parents actually talked to him now, and agreed with what he’d said. The most surprising thing, though, was when Claire silently came and gave him a tight hug, then went back to her friends without a word.
And that was the crucial moment. The moment that he knew he should have just hefted the bundle and called for Benny to help, to drag her out. Instead he hesitated, making Benny come forward to get his attention, to snap him back to reality – making Benny step right onto a piece of flooring that gave way, sending him sprawling with a sickening crack.
Dean spent the next day trying to figure out a way to approach Castiel, but every time he tried, the man would claim he had a meeting or appointment. Dean never argued, because he just couldn’t find it within himself to do so. And so the day slipped by without a chance to talk, and Dean spent the night barely sleeping again, tossing and turning as guilt and blame ran through his head.
“I guess… Calmer. Better.” He glanced at Castiel to see one eyebrow raised in disbelief. He cleared his throat and answered again, more confident. “Better. I’m confused and embarrassed but, I do feel better than… Than before.”
Castiel turned to see where Dean was pointing, slightly surprised to see Jo Harvelle sitting at a semi hidden table in the coffee shop, wearing plain clothes. She waved to him with a little grin, and he smiled before turning his attention back to Dean, ready to listen to the rest of his briefing.
Castiel groaned low in his throat at the words, as he dived back in for another kiss, more heated than the last. He slowly turned them, both hands on Dean’s hips as he pushed them blindly back toward the bedroom. It was a slow trek, heated and yet still gentle, and it took an age until finally Dean toppled back onto the bed.
“Since I am, however, I suppose I should have a beverage and meet your.. friends, before we leave.”
“Don’t, Cas.”
Castiel just shot him a seductive little smirk, then dropped heavily to his knees in front of the man. His hands hastily worked at the clasp of Dean’s pants, watching the moment that understanding lit Dean’s eyes and he gasped. He shot him another wicked grin before jerking his pants down hurriedly, licking his lips in anticipation as Dean’s cock sprang free, already rock hard and leaking.
“I mean like, chick flick cliché type accident.” Dean snorted and shook his head. “I tripped, he caught me, we were practically on top of each other and our… our lips brushed.”
“Ah- Cas, you know what that does to me-“
“That’s it, Dean, that’s very good. You’re doing so well.” Castiel said quietly. “Good boy.”
“Cas, hey, I know you don’t want to go, but if he has a legal right,” Sam implored with a sad smile, leaning across the table to pat his hand gently, pretending to play along. His eyes begged Cas to understand and follow his lead. “I’m sure Michael can show you the will, and of course the legal paperwork that appoints him your guardian into adulthood, if it would make you feel better?”
“Uh, hang on a sec Cas,” He said eventually, stopping the angel from taking what he realised was a very poorly lined up shot.
” Sam threatened, a warning glint in his eye as he replaced the beer in the fridge.
“Fantastic.” Dean muttered to his brother’s laughing, retreating back.
Dean looked at his brother, taking in just how much Sam had matured over time. He remembered all the times he had been the one giving Sammy advice, helping him through difficult situations. Now the tables were turned, and he found himself agreeing.
“Rou-rough day, princess?” Dean gasped out as Castiel’s tongue laved at his nipple, his hand reaching up to play with the neglected side. He rolled the bud between his fingers, pulling and pinching lightly, then harder as he drew delicious sounds from the man beneath him.
He also makes a proposal that is pretty outside of Dean's knowledge and comfort zone.
“Nah, she’s out getting something or other.” Jo laughed and shook her head at him, then went to start on his usual coffee order. “So, my question still stands.”
They finished the meal in relative silence, until they were completely full and slouched back in their seats. They made idle chat for some time, until the food settled enough for an actual conversation. Castiel noticed Dean glancing around the apartment for the first time, and he felt shame flood through him. He’d forgotten about the state of his home when he invited Dean over. Now, however, he wished he’d insisted on bringing the lunch to Dean’s apartment.
“Dean. Thank you for joining me. Have you ordered food yet?”
So I hope you enjoyed this first chapter! More to come, I plan to update weekly, though it may be a little uneven over christmas.
“Dean-“ He started, his voice breaking for a moment, overwhelmed by what he wanted to say.
“I just don’t know what else to do.” Dean frowned, glaring at the table. “I don’t even know where to look for him.”
“Well, we’d just like to make sure that everything is healing fine. Observation, mostly.”
“You can’t-“
“Dude, not my fault that I didn’t hit mute properly before I told you what a winging Karen that client was. Maybe if she wasn’t a whinging Karen, I wouldn’t have said anything!” Charlie shot back defensively, though she was grinning the whole time, and Dean couldn’t help laughing with her.
“Hey!” A new voice cut over the top before either of the two men could speak any more. Two sets of furious eyes turned to focus on an angry, short man. “If you two have an issue, take it inside. You’re making the whole building uncomfortable!”
“Please, Dean. At least try.”
Somehow that phrase only brought the tears on faster. It had been such a long time since somebody had held him, comforted him like this. So long since he had felt safe and taken care of. He wondered briefly how he had survived without Dean, before, as he sniffled and hiccuped in the man’s arms. He felt Dean’s hand in his hair, stroking through the strands comfortingly as he whispered soft words of comfort in his ear.
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
“That’s better.” Cas commented, then proceeded to curl his legs up, turn into him and drop his head on Dean’s shoulder, staring at the tv.
“Yes. Though I usually only work forty to fifty hours a week.”
They made it to the gate that would lead them to the back yard, and Charlie held her hand up for him to wait before disappearing through it. Slowly, as he stared around at evidence of the love they’d built together, he felt his fear melt away.
“Oh. About...” Did Sam know about Dean’s orientation? Castiel couldn’t remember, so he decided to leave the hidden question hanging. “Four or five weeks?”
Dean breathed a sigh of relief. No games, surely that meant he was safe from whatever Castiel had been playing at lately. The idea that the angel had no idea what he was doing to him, just reacting off adrenaline, was still a tempting conclusion. As time went on, however, he was having trouble forcing himself to believe it, and he honestly wasn’t sure how much more of things like what happened the day before he could take.
And now it was Castiel who froze, his eyes wide as the words Dean said sunk in. Dean flushed slightly, an embarrassed smile coming to his face. After a few moments, Castiel seemed to snap out of it and surged forward, capturing his lips in a searing kiss. Dean chuckled into the kiss, pressing even closer to Castiel as the man dominated his lips in a way that held promise.
The waiting was torture. Dean’s mind couldn’t decide whether he wanted Castiel to just freaking do it already, give in to the temptation and kiss him so Dean could have what he was craving  – or whether he wanted the man to stop, back off and put that careful line back between them. He knew what the safer option was, but apparently his brain wasn’t listening to that, because he found himself leaning slightly closer.
For a moment Dean was confused - until he remembered they were meant to be playing a game of paintball. Of course that was the game Cas was thinking of. Because there was no other game... was there? He grunted with displeasure as his legs finally found the strength to stand, and he started fixing his clothing up.
Castiel grinned slightly and stood off the bed, removing his clothes quickly. His own erection freed, he couldn’t help but close his fist around it and give a few satisfying tugs. He glanced down as he heard Dean’s moan, noticing that the man watched his every move.
“If I-?! You started that!” Castiel yelled after him in a shocked voice.
“Why thank you, hand maiden.” Charlie laughed as she took the beer from him. “You know, you haven’t come to Moondoor for awhile now. You should come.”
It wasn’t until half an hour later, once he was clean and curled up in his bed, that he realised everything was quiet now. There was no banging, no music - it was peaceful, as was his mind. That was strange, he thought. He couldn’t remember the last time his mind had been so settled. And so he drifted into an easy sleep, with a slight smile on his face.
Dean and Castiel both simply gaped at him in shock. For his part, Castiel just couldn’t process how John had been so cruel to Dean in his early years. From the conversation, he pretty much guessed John had beat Dean when he found out about his orientation.
Dean found himself relaxing somewhat. Her presence was comforting, her grin was infectious, and as he allowed himself to talk about things, he found that she was actually easy to talk to. She seemed to know what he meant even when he didn’t say it right, and she got straight to the point.
“Which part?” Dean asked, staring down at his coffee cup. His cheeks flushed as the memories of the day before came into his head.
Outside, he’d just waited – he should have handed the bundle off and gone back in, but no. He’d gotten Benny to the paramedics, then pulled the blankets away from the bundle in his arms – to find a baby, maybe six months old, staring at him. The baby had a mask over it’s face, the kind that construction workers wore – and when dean removed it, the little girl started to cry and fuss in his arms.
“Either way, we’ve got them, plus extra rounds. So are you up for a game?” Sam asked. “Or are you too scared we might beat you?”
He didn’t see the look that flickered over Dean’s face or the way the man tensed, as though he had guessed what was going through Castiel’s mind.
“Yeah, I had a good time too. Thanks, man.” Dean grinned slightly – he really had enjoyed himself. “I’ll text you about… Uh, the other thing… Later.”
Sam came back with a fresh beer and Dean took it, draining half the bottle in one go as Sam raised a brow. He just shrugged in response, and Sam shook his head, but he was smiling slightly again.
Castiel flinched as he heard skin hitting skin and watched in horror as John pulled his fist back to go again. Dean cried out, lifting his arms to try to cover his face, and Castiel saw red. Fast as he could, he unlocked the phone and sent the message, then dropped it. He wasn’t a fighter - never had been, and what he was about to do went against everything he was. But he couldn’t stop himself from running forward, and he barrelled into the man as hard as he could. The man lost his grip and stumbled into the wall, growling out in anger.
“Cas! What are you doing here?” She threw herself over Dean to give Castiel a hug, taking him by surprise. “Oh, I’m glad I caught you. This is Bobby, my boyfriend. We were just grabbing a coffee on our way to the movies, but I have what you asked for! I kept it in my bag just in case I ran into you. And here we are, what a coincidence!”
“Dean, while I could spend an eternity listening to your pleasure, I don’t believe it would be a good idea to bring the residents running.”
“We won, we won!” Sam crowed, while Dean and Castiel both grimaced.
“Oh, giving up so easily?” Uriel purred as he turned and, with a wicked grin, made his way back over. “Sorry, Castiel. Your time is far from done. You have many sins to be punished for.”
“He used – um, he stopped it.” Dean flushed as he almost blurted out that Castiel had used his safe word. Yeah, he was not having that conversation right now. “He didn’t want to discuss it. But then today he was just… Different. And he didn’t wait for our usual afternoon talks, just took off to some meeting.”
Now it was just a matter of finding out whether money would trump justice.
“Thanks, Cas. You always know what I need.”
I’m so sorry this update took so long! Life. -.- I will try to get the next one out sooner to make it up to you!
“Ready to try?” He asked, holding his hands out again.
It was nothing new, of course. He’d often had those thoughts flitting across his mind, thoughts that were definitely *not* pure when considering the Angel across from him. Thankfully the battles they’d faced had pushed it to the background. But now they were back with a vengeance, and he tried to convince himself it was just because he seriously needed to get laid. With someone not-Cas, he added to himself quickly.
” Charlie’s voice trailed off, as though she wanted to say more but was being careful.
It’s finally here! Late, yes, but it’s done.
He took a step back instantly, pulling his hands away from the man and effectively breaking Castiel’s hold on him. Once free, he took an extra step away, pushing the chair behind him as he put as much distance between them as he could. He watched as Castiel seemed to fold in on himself and dropped into the nearest seat, pinching the bridge of his nose as he did so. Dean felt shame flood him, and he could barely look at Castiel even though the man had his eyes shut tight, breathing slow and even as though he was trying to regain control.
A tense silence followed then, as each waited for the other to do something. Dean couldn’t see a way out of this, where they would all get out alive. That was, until there was a resounding explosion from the doorway. Uriel stiffened, then as though it were slow motion, Dean watched in shock as he slumped to the floor. His eyes were open, staring in blank shock as blood pooled on the floor around his head.
He hadn’t spoken about what had happened, save for giving his statement to a visiting police officer. Bobby had refused to take the statement, due to conflict of interest plus to respect Castiel’s privacy and choice. The hospital had, however, given him information when he left for a therapist in the area. Castiel assured them he would follow it up but really, it was the furthest thing from his mind.
Dean froze, half way through turning a page of a car magazine, as Jack’s voice drifted across the massive map table.
Was that Castiel? Dean tried to open his eyes, but he couldn’t do it.
I do intend to do a time stamp on this so please, stay subscribed! But for now, it is done. They won, they're happy together, and it's done.
Dean took a steeling breath, then made his way to Jody’s desk. She saw him approach and stood, nodding her head toward the hallway, away from the muted conversation from the hundreds of agents around them. Dean followed, trepidation increasing with every step – by the time Jody ushered him into a small meeting room, he was visibly shaking, and he hated it. He hated that he was so weak and dumb that he would completely lose it, just because he was losing his job. He was a grown man, he should be better than this.
Dean glanced around self-consciously - but nobody was taking notice of them. Probably because there weren’t that many other people on the rink and those who were, were focused on each other. Castiel took advantage of his distraction to press harder against him, shifting just slightly to grind their erections hard against each other through layers of clothing.
“Okay... Who’s gonna tell me what’s going on? And when’s little bro gonna be back?” Gabriel asked finally, pulling a sucker out of his pocket and shedding the wrapper. He popped it in his mouth with a grin as he stared at the group expectantly.
Castiel caught the look of pity in Dean’s eyes, and he hated it. He hated how it made him feel like he was less of a person, someone who couldn’t make it on their own or something. It made him feel incapable; useless, even. He was about to say so, when Dean spoke again.
“That’s twelve hour shifts.” Dean commented with a frown. “And that’s.. wait... like, sixty five or seventy hours?”
“You still do that, huh?” Gabriel asked quietly, motioning to the list he was altering in his journal.
He grabbed hold of Dean’s hand and bolted, dragging the larger man behind him, back into his apartment. The door slammed and he locked it just in time to hear
“You keep it within easy reach?” Cas asked, opening the bottle and spreading the slick over his fingers.
There was nothing Dean could really say to that. He was trying to be careful, trying to keep himself distanced, but he couldn’t seem to control the way he felt. It was like he just clicked with Castiel - the man understood him, and all Dean could do was hold on for the ride. To be honest it terrified him - but he wasn’t about to say any of that to Sam, it would just worry him more than he already was. So instead, he just nodded slightly and left the kitchen to get ready for work.
“Nah. Shouldn’t take me more than a week, I think.”
“Dean, I- I’m sorry. What I said in there, it... it came out wrong.”
“Hm. Yes, you always seemed to calm down faster to this, so I thought I would try it. You seem to like the song.” Castiel answered, but he didn’t move away.
“Deeean...” Cas groaned, dropping his head down onto Dean’s shoulder, hips pumping erratically at the heat pooled in his gut...
“Why? Because somebody has to right the wrongs of this world. Somebody must take responsibility.” Uriel chuckled, keeping the shotgun trained on them, his finger hovering over the trigger. “I’m just the lucky soul that was picked to do so. Now, put him down like a good boy, or I shoot him first.”
“Oh shit oh shit oh- ohhh...”
“I- Yes, that would make me feel better...” Castiel answered, keeping the confusion out of his voice as much as possible.
He didn’t need to wait long.
Dean nodded slightly, not trusting his voice. Castiel stared at him for a few moments longer, then eventually backed off. The professor returned to his desk, then looked back at Dean as though he was waiting for something. Dean frowned, confused, and dropped his eyes – to see the beads that Castiel always wore, sitting on the front of his desk, right where Castiel had been.
“Whenever you’re ready, Dean.” Sam told him, and one look at Sam’s face told Dean he was actually serious.
“Why are you doing this Uriel? What did I ever do to you?” His voice came out broken. God he was thirsty.
Castiel held his gaze for a few moments, seeming to be waiting or searching for something. But he said nothing more on the subject – the man simply nodded and stepped back, leaving Dean some room to grab his things. Dean let out a breath he didn’t realise he was holding and stood with his satchel in hand.
“Paintball guns.” Sam responded proudly.
Cas nodded slightly, and pulled slightly on his partners hands to draw Dean down into a lingering kiss. He hadn’t suffered a nightmare like that in months now. It stood to reason that today, the stress would trigger one. He’d learned to process it fairly quickly now, though, and the regular visits with his therapist, Missouri, were helping. And now that Dean had grounded him, he was switching to an entirely different mood.
“Shall we shower?” He asked, glancing down at the mess between them.
1 - The one with the least marks at sundown wins in lieu of last-man-standing.
Dean frowned as he thought about it. Surely it hadn’t been that long. It was the way they were; he called his brother Sammy, Sam pretended he hated it and bitched about it, but really he liked it. They did it all the time. But as he tried to remember the last time, he realised he couldn’t. He’d drifted away from everyone, retreating into himself so badly that he’d even drifted away from Sam, the one person he was supposed to be close to. That realisation made him feel terrible, and he looked back at Sam sadly.
It wasn’t until he’d gotten to the Impala that he realised the sting in his eyes was long gone, and had been before he’d even left the room.
“I know.”
For all the troubles he was having, there were still good times, still moments working here that he found himself dissolving in fits of laughter and being generally immature and silly. Moments like now, hanging around with Charlie, laughing at stupid things, were what kept him coming back even if sometimes, the job was difficult.
“I’ll check downstairs,” Dean said at the same time.
“No, Cas, you’re-“ Dean cut himself off, biting down on his lip as he looked away.
Dean sighed as he let himself sink back into the seat, resting his head back as he simply sat in his baby. He felt strange, not quite in a bad way, but it was confusing nonetheless. He didn’t know why the different end today made him feel so off kilter, but it did. The way Castiel had spoken to him, almost demanding that he told the truth, had made him feel safe in a strange way. And yet, the man had left soon after, leaving Dean with a feeling of failure.
“Oh, right, Bobby mentioned you. I’m Sam.”
“Cas, have you ever thought about talking to someone?” The tone Gabriel used was quiet and careful.
Dean instructed, moving his attention to the way Cas held the pool stick in his right hand. He couldn’t help noticing the way the veins on Cas’ hand stood out when he tightened his grip. He drew their hands back until he knew Cas would get a decent amount of power in his shot, then gently let go of the other’s hand.
It was quickly becoming one of Dean’s favourite songs, too. Mostly, he imagined, because he associated it with Castiel now. The man had played it every afternoon since Dean had heard it, and it made him smile every damn time. He didn’t mention that out loud, though, somehow having a feeling that things like that would push the man away. It seemed like a very careful line he had to tread with the man to keep their relationship professional as Castiel had asked, despite that he felt several lines were being crossed as it was. And he wasn't the only one crossing lines, either.
Hearing those words again sent a familiar warmth flooding through his chest, and he finally opened his eyes to see Castiel kneeling in front of him. One of his hands covered Dean’s on his chest, while the other rested on his cheek, Castiel’s thumb gently stroking over his skin there. The touch was gentle, comforting, and Dean tilted his head slightly to press his cheek into Castiel’s palm.
“Yes, sir.” Dean answered, intending it to be a sassy answer.
Finally, Castiel released him and Dean slid off gently, carefully licking the few stray drops of come off the base of his cock. Castiel shivered slightly, oversensitive, and flopped back on the bed.
“Yep, not much left to do, really.” Did he imagine the disappointed look on Dean’s face then? “I just have a few more shelves to install, finish off the kitchen cupboards, and it’s just a few coats of lacquer and we’re done.”
Castiel realised he was positioning himself over his cock with absolutely no prep, and he felt a jolt of fear through the excitement. Dean’s hands dug into his shoulders as the man wriggled his hips, getting Castiel’s cock head in just the right spot before starting to push down.
Thirty-five minutes later, Castiel looked at his handiwork and was satisfied. He’d made burgers - but since he didn’t know Dean’s tastes yet, he’d plated everything in seperate little bowls and placed them on the table with two plates, in a build-your-own burger style. The meat patties, bacon and onions were all covered with tin foil to keep them warm. There was an array of salad vegetables, all ready sliced so that they could choose what they wanted, and the sauces were in the middle. It looked good.
Dean gasped softly as Castiel nipped at his lower lip, parting his lips, his entire body on board for more, more… But Castiel drew away, his eyes shut, breathing slowly and steadily as it appeared he tried to regain control.
“Yeah, I mean, a guideline, really...” And why in hell was he allowing for interpretation? “Just that, when you’re playing, you don’t touch... usually...”
“Yeah, Cas, there’s rules. Otherwise the game would never end, or some of us would get an unfair advantage.” Dean snipped, still in his irritatable mood.
“Your brother. Kinda made him tell me why he was callin’ me back to work, instead of you or your daddy.”
“Two things you can feel.”
“Cas..” Dean groaned, arching his back to press up into his body. “Cas... Need you...”
“O-of course.. you.. did...” Dean panted, head dropping back against the tree as his eyes closed. His mind was spinning. “You.. used my laptop...”
“May I have the next dance?” Castiel asked quietly, his eyes moving to Ellen.
“Dean..” Castiel whimpered, rolling his hips forward to increase that friction, sparks shooting from his abdomen to his groin. He definately was not going to last long.
Each of the doors had a name slide, and each room had it’s own name – something Dean had found amusing when he’d first found out about it. They had named each room after things from books and movies. The door of the room he’d been told to go to – Winterfell, of all things – was ajar, and Dean took a moment just outside the door to breathe and collect himself.
“No, Dean. I have not won.” Castiel answered in his ear, easing the pressure of his gun away from Dean’s back. “Not yet.”
Castiel tried to pull him back as Dean stepped in front of him, but the man stood firm. He didn’t want Dean to get hurt on his account, and he had no idea how far Uriel would go. The look in the man’s eyes made him scared.
“Man, you gotta stop jumping to conclusions. I’m trying to tell you I don’t want anything. I’ll do it just to, you know, help out.” Dean rubbed the back of his neck in frustration, and Castiel deflated, feeling ashamed. “Though I wouldn’t turn down those burgers once in awhile.”
“He’s right, Dean.” Charlie told him quietly, and when he scoffed again she shook her head. “No, seriously. You’re a pain in the ass at the best of times, but you’re also pretty awesome. Now I don’t know what’s going on with Castiel, but he does seem to care. Maybe he has his own issues that are stopping him, but you gotta talk to him.”
“So don’t discuss it, duh. Just, I dunno, pull him aside and ask if everything’s okay. See where it goes. What’s the worst that could happen?”
Then he fled down the fire escape, the officers following him. The manager approached Castiel quietly, who was busy checking Dean over for any injuries. Dean was fine, but Castiel couldn’t stop the trembling that had taken over his whole body.
Dean woke slowly in the morning, a soft smile coming across his face as he felt Castiel’s arm draped over his bare torso. One of the man’s legs had worked its way over his hip, causing Castiel to lay half on top of him, effectively pinning him to the mattress – which created a whole other problem, because damn, he needed to pee.
“So, what’s our next step? This means I can stop paying him, correct?”
He remembered when he had first broken down in front of Castiel. The man had refused to let him run, he’d kept Dean there and helped him. He’d cared. Then he’d taken notice of the things Dean responded to, tried to do them more often and approached him with ideas to help him. And then, what Castiel had said earlier – the man had kept a strict line between them, but he’d said that he was drawn to Dean. Had keeping that line between them been more about keeping his job safe than anything else?
“God you’re beautiful...”
Wednesday passed much the same. He’d waited until Sam had left for work, then finally come out for more than a bathroom break. After a quick glance through the cupboards and fridge, he’d gone grocery shopping. He bought enough to make sure Sam had plenty to eat, gotten home and packed it away, then retreated back to his room and shut the world out.
“I still don’t understand.” Jack commented, confusion on his face. “This Professor Snape, is he good or bad?”
Before he had time to react, Cas had picked up the gun he had dropped, and shot him square in the chest. With his own damn gun. Just as quickly, the angel bolted, leaving Dean standing against the tree with a green splatter of paint across his chest.
A soft groan escaped as his hips bucked forward into his own hand, desperate for more. His other hand - Cas’ hand, he imagined - gently massaged his balls, bringing another sensation. He hadn’t so much as touched himself since the skating rink and he was embarrassingly, achingly close already, despite trying to draw it out.
“I just don’t want things to change.” When Castiel frowned at him, Dean continued. “This. I feel good now, and safe, but what happens next week? This will stop, and you’ll be gone, and-”
“Mornin’ sunshine.” Dean grumbled as he reached for the coffee. He immediately took a sip and sighed softly as it warmed his chest. “Mm, you’re good at coffee. You can stay.”
That sounded like... Castiel?
He has decided to follow his heart and not his brain, even if it might hurt him more.
“And do you, Dean Winchester, take Castiel to be your lawfully wedded husband, through better or for worse, through sickness or in health?”
I’ll go to hell for this.
Dean reddened.
“Hey bro, why you limping?”
There was a monstrous thing on his doorstep!
“I do.”
He takes a deep breath.
They kiss again.
They are woken by a knock on the door.
It had so many eyes!
It's Sam, Dean's brother.
“We had a fun night last night.” Castiel walks downstairs.
“Avery! Darling! Come down for lunch!” Castiel calls.
Castiel smirks but no one can see past his many eyes.
I wasn’t supposed to enjoy it.
“Castiel, even though I didn’t know it was you at the time, I fell in love with you even if I didn’t know it. I love you so much, Castiel, and I’m so happy to spend the rest of eternity with you.”
"So how are we getting in?" Mark asked, clapping his hands together to break the silence. Dan turned to Mark slowly with his eyebrow raised incredulously.
With another appointment booked for later that week for his new glasses to be fitted, Cas and Levi were back in Honey on the way back home. Cas was singing along to his music when he felt little fingers tangling in his hair. He glanced in the rear-view mirror to check on Levi and panicked when he saw that the little boy had wiggled out of his arm straps and was leaning forward to mess with Cas' hair.
The first victim of Death Wish had been in Lawrence, Kansas, though various others appeared in other-but not all-states in America. It wasn't unreasonable to think that Dean, the Dean he had met, moved to Texas after nearly being a suspect in his girlfriend's murder and changed his name to prevent unwanted questions.
"You're so big." Cas mewled into his ear between sucks. Dean groaned and pulled her face back to his for a rough kiss, his hand slid back down to work on opening her up. Cas whined when Dean pulled his fingers out of her. Dean smirked and bit his lip as he sat back to line himself up. "Oh Dean." Cas moaned as he pushed into her slowly.
"I'm 'into' you aren't I?" She sassed. Dean laughed and stepped away.
"Alpha, we weren't expecting a visit today." A blonde omega said cheerfully as Dean pushed through the door, holding it open for Castiel.
"Not feeling it." He shrugged. Sam's faced scrunched up in confusion.
Charlie had grown to be a beautiful girl, her bright red hair framed her pale face. Her taste in movies and books clearly hadn't changed if her t-shirt was anything to go by.
"Yeah, there's a hospital in Wichita that runs paternity tests on unborn babies." Dean explained. "They just need the baby, so you, and and a potential father. It's 3 hours away." Cas tilted his head to the side and looked at Dean for a moment. Levi joined them outside but headed straight for the play set rather than to them.
He scanned over the different cameras as he tried to pinpoint what was off. Golden FredBear was in the same place, as he should be, and the toy animatronics seemed to be as they were earlier that night. It was the original four that were... out of place.
"Harharhar, very funny. I would ignore it but she's making me feel like a bad parent." Dean said, sounding defeated.
It was getting dark by the time that Cas left the library, he hurried to get the pie from the store and get home. He smiled as he walked into the house and was greeted with the warm smell of burgers and the rapid pitter patter of little feet coming towards him.
"That pathway." Cas said. They scowled through the darkness to try and see what Cas was seeing.
"The biggest slide takes a picture at the end." Sam exclaimed with childlike excitement. They ate then headed to go on more slides. After a few hours they retreated to one of the hot-tubs.
"It makes sense. If we're right and this guy did kill those kids..." Dean trailed off when he realised how crazy the end of that sentence was.
"Yeah, alright, dad." Mark joked. They knew that Phil was serious but after finding the bones they needed some light hearted conversations, even if it was regarding Freddy's. They knew when to be serious. They ordered more drinks and fell into happy conversation. The group was laughing loudly when Cas' phone began to ring.
"Unca Sammy, now moose be friends with Ott and Bee!" Levi exclaimed before Sam could say anything. The little boy scrambled onto Sam's lap, tugging his otter, bee and Stitch up with him.
"And if you and your...
"No, Alpha." Lisa sighed. Dean relaxed where he stood and moved to rest his hand in Castiel's hair.
"It looks like Cas, Sammy."
"What is it, Cas?" Mark asked, moving past Dean to see what Cas was looking at. Cas pointed into the suit, gesturing to the mechanics inside. "That's how they wore it." Mark exclaimed excitedly. Cas chuckled at the boy and stepped closer to the animatronic. Dean moved around to stand behind the younger boys so that he could look at the mechanics over the boys' heads. He raised torch to shine it on the animatronic. "Erm, Cas? What's that?" Mark asked hesitantly, pointing to the brown stains on the metal. Cas leant forward to look at the stains then turned his eyes to Dean.
"Cas? Is everything ok?" Asked Sam when he answered the phone.
"I'm sure." The man said with a raised eyebrow, "May I sit?" Castiel looked at the man's face and just... stared. The man had bright green eyes, angular features, full lips and freckles dotted over his nose and cheeks. Castiel nodded absently, drawing an easy chuckle from the man. Castiel really liked that sound. "What's your name?"
"So if Chuck didn't design the Funtime ones, who did?" Dean asked. Charlie looked over the table again.
"You'll let us know where you've gone, right?" Sam asked. Gabriel nodded next to the younger Winchester. Cas nodded and got into the car.
"I've been around my dad's designs and animatronics all my life, I know if it's his work or not." Cas argued. Dean nodded in agreement and then frowned.
Cas was sat on a chair, staring out of the window at the calm trees, and was waiting for his friends to wake up. He had heard Dean, Charlie and Phil talking last night and had barely been able to sleep, and when he did sleep he was dreaming of an older boy that looked like he and Elijah did but was someone he didn't really know, someone he didn't remember. But someone who made his heart clench in sadness when Cas remembered him. His mother was often there too but he couldn't really remember her face, he'd have to ask his father for a photo of her. Cas knew Chuck had some but it was reasonable for his father to be upset about looking at them.
"Take these to Grandpa and Uncle Bobby please." Dean asked handing Levi the two bottles. Levi took them and toddled back into the living room carefully. Dean followed with a smile then flopped back into the chair after handing his mother one of the two sodas. "Come here, Levi." Levi grinned at his grandparents and fell in Dean's lap. Dean lifted Levi into his lap. He let the little boy take a sip from his soda then took a sip himself. "Not that I'm not glad you guys are here, but why are you here?" Dean asked.
this form." He purred with a seductive smile on his face. Dean scowled at him when he saw Cas blush delicately.
"Are you sure, Sammy?" Dean asked quietly. Sam nodded and pushed him down the hall. Dean through a glare over his shoulder but continued on his path to Cas' room. "Hey Cas."
"Did you even listen to me earlier, Gabriel?" Cas snapped. Dean chose to re-enter the kitchen and return to the table.
"Yeah? Who's your favourite?" Dean asked. Cas thought that, to anyone else, this would be a weird, psychiatric ward worthy conversation.
"So I looked into the events of Freddy's last night." Charlie started after the waiter had placed their food and drinks down in front of them and had left with a polite smile.
"You want me to fill you up, sweetheart? Want to be so full that my cum leaks out of that pretty hole of yours?" Dean asked seductively. He nipped Cas' bottom lip and moved one hand to Cas' chest to rub his thumb over the angel's nipple gently.
"is it really a good idea for you to go with Cas?" Sam asked with a smirk.
"What's up, baby?" Dean asked. Cas frowned adorably and tried to pull Dean down again.
Castiel followed behind the Head Alpha with his head lowered, he was aware of the other two alphas flanking him but he kept his eyes on the Head Alpha's back paws. The alphas were talking to one another but Castiel wasn't listening; he hadn't heard any howling from the direction of the Kingdom of Novak so he assumed that he had managed to get away with his plan.
"What did you find?" Dean asked when they met back a their house. They sat in the living room, Sam, Dean and Cas were sat on the couch while Gabriel had conjured up a LoveSac.
"Awesome." Dean whispered then he walked through the door and headed for his room. Cas slowly opened her eyes and sat up, her long hair fell over her face. She rubbed her eyes then pushed her hair away. She looked around and stood quickly, she had no clue where she was. She stepped towards the open door and hopped through upon recognising the bunker. She rushed to her room to change into some dark grey leggings and a blue vest top. "Cas, you're awake." Said Dean from the door.
"Let's get this over with." Dean sighed. Cas looked up at him and nodded.
"It's getting late, I'm going to get to bed." Sam announced once he had finished his drink.
"We don't know it's definitely a siren so we should go and check it out." Sam said, shutting his laptop.
"What are you doing?" Cas asked, looking at Dean with fond eyes. Dean waved the angel off and switched the song when the baby didn't move. Once again, the baby kicked his hand when the chorus of Ramble On played. "Dean?" He asked when an excited grin spread across the hunter's face.
"So what was it?" Dean asked confused. Phil rubbed his eyes as though he was tired then looked back to Dean.
"Not Papa, not papa!" Levi mumbled. "It not Papa!"
"Yeah, to your car." Dean grinned. "Come on." He said, placing Levi's frame next to them then standing with his son still in his arms. He took Cas' hand then lead the angel into the garage. Stood next to Baby was another sleek looking, black car.
"You want a brother?" Cas questioned softly. Levi nodded and his hands tightened on his Papa's shirt. "Bug, I don't know that we'll be able to have another baby."
"What do you mean?" She asked stepping away.
"I also drink grown up drinks and drive a car. I do lots of things that you shouldn't do because I'm an adult." Dean said, surprisingly maturely. "Papa isn't fond of when I talk with my mouth full either but I'm stubborn and do it anyway." Cas rolled his eyes at Dean. Levi nodded obediently and continued to eat his food happily.
"Does this mean we're together now?" Cas inquired innocently. Dean chuckled and nodded minutely.
"Sammy, from me." Dean said once Levi was settled back against his uncle. Sam took the large box off Dean with one hand, making a noise of surprise at the unexpected weight. Dean smiled at his brother.
6 kids. There were 6 dead children now.
"Family." Levi answered. Cas turned to his son and tilted his head to the side.
"We can go see them after we finish here." Dean said, causing the angel to grin again. "Alright, gang, one present left each. Levi, who should go first?"
"Only Papa and Uncle Gabe have wings. Daddy doesn't have wings, no. That's why you're special." Dean said sincerely, but there was a smile playing at his lips.
"Paternal intuition." Dean replied with a smile.
"I'm just going to talk to Sam." Cas said softly then she stood with a quick kiss to Dean's cheek. Dean had opened his mouth to speak but she was already up the stairs, he watched her go confused but turned back to the TV with a shrug. She knocked gently on Sam's door and entered when his quiet voice said so.
"No." He said with no further word.
"Can we go to the waiting room?" Dean questioned when he saw Cas shifting uncomfortably. The nurse's face scrunched up and shook her head. "Or can our son and Cas' brother come in here?"
"Dean told me you weren't feeling so hot." Gabriel said sympathetically. Cas shook his head. "And that you sent him to the other side of town to get you food."
There was a war, centuries ago- which was nothing compared to the lifespan of wolves- across the country. The wolves had lived for millennia in harmony with each other, their packs co-existing but something changed; the packs divided into their kingdoms and it was every wolf for himself. The royals had armies and strategies while the savages used brute force and surprise attacks. Eventually, a peace treaty was signed by each kingdom's head alpha and allies were formed in case of another war. The historic event was, unimaginatively, called the War of Kingdoms.
"We go town today."
"He's an Omega. An Omega Prince." The Head Alpha returned, his eyes slipping to the smaller alpha. Castiel watched in shock and awe as the two alphas bared their necks to their Head Alpha, he'd never seen an alpha bare his neck to another in his life. The Head Alpha stood to his full height and looked down on the submitting alphas before turning kind eyes back to Castiel. "He's under our protection."
"Morning Cas." Mary greeted from the couch. Gabriel smiled at his brother and took Levi from his arms.
"As do you, Sam." Cas mumbled into Sam's shoulder.
"I've got you, Cas. You're ok." Dean whispered.
"It looks like the ones I found in your house, Cas." Dean said, looking up at Cas, his eyebrows furrowed.
Dean laid beside Cas and gently stroked his boyfriend's cheek. Cas leant into the touch with a loving smile.
"Levi." Dean corrected, downing the last of his beer in one swig. Dean quickly glanced at Cas then pulled another beer out of the fridge.
"Dean W- Smith." The man introduced confidently. Castiel noticed the stumble the man had when introducing himself but didn't question it. "So Cas, what are you reading?"
"Ok, Mr Winchester, Obstetrics and Gynecology is on the fourth floor. I'll let Dr Ottoway know you're here and on your way up." She said after a moment.
"I thought you forgive me." Levi said seriously, looking between his parents. They laughed at him.
"You stay 'cause Daddy make you sad?" Levi asked. Cas took a deep breath and nodded, there was no use lying to the boy, he was too smart. Levi launched himself into his father's arms, holding on tightly. After a hug, Levi let go then jumped down off the chair and began to run around excitedly. Cas smiled at his son running around and collapsed in the chair that Levi had left. Not long later there was a knock at the door.
"Dean, the safest place in the world is with you and Sam whether you believe it or not. If Cas is with you then he is safe. You two have a son together, you both need to work together to raise him." John said. Mary looked at her son with hard eyes but they softened slightly went her gaze dropped to Levi, who was laying against his father's chest sleepily.
"Alpha Prince Balthazar." Ezra announced. Balthazar waltzed into the ballroom and joined his brothers by the buffet table, he grabbed a donut and took a big bite before turning his attention onto his father.
"Cas!" Dan spotted him first, a wide, dimpled smile on his face. His deep voice threw Cas for a second but he remembered that all of his friends will have gone through puberty now, not just him. They all stood and greeted him with hugs then they returned to the table where they ordered their food before catching up.
"Aww, isn't she adorable!" A voice cooed from behind Dean. The older Winchester turned to the teenage girl confused but understood when he saw her looking at Cas. The toddler pointed at a bee plushy excitedly.
Levi ran around the house energetically go about an hour before he realised that Dean had gone but it didn't put a damper on his mood.
"He was good." Dean said. Cas smiled in return. "Hey, I was wondering if you wanted to have a movie night tonight. I figure you've had a rough time recently, you could do with a relaxing night." Dean asked, rubbing the back of his neck nervously. Cas smiled shyly and nodded.
"How was he?" Cas asked as he was smothered in a hug from Levi. Dean smiled fondly at the sight.
"No, she, err, she kissed me." Dean said hesitantly. Cas pushed Dean's face back, raising an eyebrow at the other man.
"Hey Cas, what does this door go to?" Phil asked from the kitchen. The older boy was pointing towards a door next to the stairs, it was hidden from view but Cas knew what he was pointing to. Phil knew it wasn't the garage because it was on the wrong side of the house and it was almost under the stairs.
"Just treat him like you love him." Mary said softly. Dean nodded and looked down at his son, who was fidgeting in his lap.
"Yes?" Castiel chuckled softly and took Dean's hand.
"He controls all nature, Dean-O. The natural elements and the elements of human physiology and human mentality." Gabriel elaborated. "Why did you leave last night?" Dean's face hardened and his eyes became angry. Cas sensed the anger coming from the hunter and hid her face in his chest.
"I'd like to work a few days a week so that I'm not away from my family too much." Cas explained. Maria nodded in understanding and smiled at Levi, who was smiling at the pictures. "Would it be possible for Levi to join me sometimes? It's just my partner goes away for work sometimes and I'd hate to leave Levi with his grandparents or my brother too much."
"Not yet, buddy." Dean said. He cleaned the remnants of spaghetti off the little boy then dried him off. He pulled the bear onesie onto the squirming boy then pulled the plug on the bath. "Come on, Levi." Dean picked Levi up and carried him downstairs. Dean gently tossed Levi onto the sofa and wandered over to the sound system while the little boy giggled at his father. Dean couldn't see or hear any of his family in the house so he turned the volume up. Dean swayed a little as he approached the boy. Levi threw his head back and laughed at his dad.
"Yes, you showed no emotional reaction." Gabriel said. "We can summon it tonight, Sam, Cas and I will stay invisible so we can smite it while it's weak." They nodded then went their separate ways. Cas curled up on the couch with her book, Sam went into the bunker to see if he could find a cure for Cas and Gabriel zapped off... somewhere. Dean went into the kitchen to make Sam and Cas a coffee, he put Cas' on the table in front of her then went into the bunker and put Sam's in front of him.
"But, wait, you said that that blueprint of Funtime Freddy wasn't your dad's." Dean said. Cas nodded but he didn't catch onto where Dean was going. "So maybe, it was William Afton who designed them."
"Hello, dear. How can I help you?" She asked gently. A small smile found its way onto Cas face.
"No, dad called me a few weeks ago and said that I needed to come as soon as I would because the pizzeria had shut down again, that I might be able to help." Cas recalled.
"Alpha, the Elders have requested an urgent meeting." A tall, lanky alpha said upon arrival. Dean frowned and took the file that the other alpha handed him.
"Papa." Levi murmured into Dean's shirt. Dean hummed in question and looked down at his son.
"It's a mess in here." Cas sighed and apologised quietly.
"Hiya boys." She greeted with a smile. "Who wants to go first?" She asked, setting down one needle and one blood vial. Dean shrugged off one arm of his jacket and shirt without a word. She worked quickly and labelled the full blood vial in under 3 minutes. "Ok, sweetie, your turn. Can you wheel yourself onto the other side of your lovely boyfriend so I can reach his arm please?" She asked Dean. The hunter did as he was told and picked up Cas' hand. Dean mumbled in his ear as the nurse worked to comfort the angel, he knew the angel was powered down of his own volition but he was making nervous whimpers.
"Oh yes, Dean, you feel amazing. So so good." Cas rambled. He gasped at the feeling of Dean hitting his oversensitive prostate and came on Dean's stomach. Dean closed his eyes and laid his head back on the pillow, pistoning his hips up, feeling the heat coil up before it released.
"Just a few hours, what do you say?" She asked attempting to press her body against Dean's, who stepped back again with a look of disgust on his face.
"Ok... ok... I'm going to get some sleep. We'll see you in the morning, sweetheart." Dean said. Cas gave him a small smile and nodded. He didn't move for a moment, he watched Levi shuffle closer to the pillows on the bed, then he stepped forward and leant up on his tiptoes to kiss Dean sweetly on the cheek. With a shy smile and a blush on his cheeks, Cas hurried out of Dean's room. A fond look settled on Dean's face as the angel disappeared into his own room. He stood in the same place for a moment before he stripped down to his boxers and slid under the covers with Levi.
"Fine, I'll show you where he is." Not-Cas relented.
Dean followed Phil's gaze and froze; there, at the edge of the treeline, was a large figure, staring into the house. He could see the outline of the Golden Bonnie suit and he could feel his heart beating harder in his chest. The glowing silver eyes boring into them, watching their every move, their every breath. Dean had never understood, like Chuck, what Cas meant by the 'impossible smile' but now he understood, he could see the impossible smile that the animatronic was giving them. Dean swallowed the lump in his throat as he heard Cas move from the couch. The animatronic backed into the forest as Cas approached his older friends. Dean kept his eyes on the figure until the silver eyes were out of view and he felt Cas' hand on his back.
"I'm ok, Levi." Cas smiled and ran his hands through Levi's soft hair. The little boy watched him carefully but turned back to his eggs.
"You didn't need to snap at him." Dan replied, infuriatingly calm.
"I'm Castiel, your brother's nurse." Castiel returned. He stepped around Sam and approached Dean. "Hello Dean, I'm just going to check your vitals and check your responses, tomorrow I'm going to start moving your limbs to make sure that you don't get bed sores or stiff joints."
"Hello Dean." Cas whispered happily. "Hi Levi." He leant across Dean's chest to kiss Levi's forehead. Dean bent down to kiss the angel softly, Cas' hand tangled in Dean's short hair and smiled against the hunter's lips.
"Cas, someone needs to stay and watch Levi." Dean reasoned.
Castiel bounced happily over to his brothers, yipping excitedly as he scented them. They rubbed against each other, re-familiarising themselves with the others' wolf forms. Michael let out a quick bark and ran off towards the clearing behind the castle, Gabriel jumped over Castiel and bounded after his brother. Balthazar snorted at the two alphas and butted his head against Castiel's gently, licking the side of his face before trotting after them. Castiel raced after them, leaping on Gabriel to initiate a play fight with the alpha. Soon the four brothers were jumping around, growling and nipping at each other playfully.
"I'm his boyfriend, Dean. Dean Winchester." Dean shook the doctor's hand too. Dr Ottoway guided them away from the waiting room and into one of the rooms.
There was no light at the end of his tunnel this time, not even Hellfire. A sob ripped through him but he shoved it down. He took one last glance at Cas before he pulled out his gun and stormed towards the house.He was letting rage take the wheel for a minute.
"Because I hurt Daddy."
"Will killing Aether get them back to normal?" Sam asked after a minute.
The next morning everyone in the house was buzzing with excitement. Mary and Bobby had already left to go to the mall, John and Sam weren't far behind. Dean and Levi were waiting for Cas to get dressed. Dean was in his usual attire; t-shirt, button up, leather jacket, jeans and boots. Dean had put Levi in a plain, green long sleeve shirt with little dungarees and bear shoes. Dean's mouth fell open in shock when Cas stepped down the stairs. The angel had some black leggings and a baggy grey jumper on and knowing that they were the clothes that they'd bought him when he was under Gabriel's trick was doing something to Dean, he had to admit, he liked it. Dean said nothing as he watched Cas slip on some black low-tops.
"Did you ask why he didn't think it was necessary?" Gabriel queried. Dean shrugged and shook his head. "Maybe ask him before Cas goes through with it. There's no use in Cas going through that if he doesn't need to."
"I'll go, Sam." She said. The younger Winchester nodded and gave her a grateful smile. Cas stood and shuffled past the closely packed bodies to the Impala, not regarding her surroundings. Just as Cas was reaching into the passengers foot well to pull Sam's laptop out, large hands grabbed at her shoulders and pushed her against Baby. Cas let out a shocked squeak and thrashed against the hands. It was now that Cas realised that, with her grace weakened, she had the strength of a human woman and no way of fighting them off. The two men laughed obnoxiously and pulled at Cas' clothing as her eyes filled with tears. Terror burned through her body since she realised their intentions. Faceless men pulled her vest top strap and bra strap off her shoulder and hands pulled her pants undone, tugging them down a fraction. "Stop, no, no. Please." Cas whimpered helplessly. A hand pulled her shirt up over her left breast and pulled the cup down to roughly grope her, ignoring her pleas. "Please..." Cas sobbed, tears streaming down her face as she struggled against the hands. She squealed in fright when a incessant hand was shoved down the front of her panties. She sobbed violently as she threw punches with no force behind them. Suddenly. the hands were gone and replaced with pained grunts. Cas hesitantly looked up but tears were clouding her vision. She saw a large blurry figure beating her attackers.
"Do you think they have any leads on Eli and Jimmy?" Sam asked, his voice low and timid. Upon hearing the names of their lost brothers, Dan and Cas slumped slightly, sadly. The group had a moment of silence, remembering the boys.
"A nephilim growing in an angel carrier grows immensely faster than a human pregnancy. Your son was conceived two days ago and he is detaching now. Cas and the baby needs you to be here." Gabriel explained as quickly as he could. Cas gritted his teeth and squeezed Sam's hand, who also groaned in pain.
"Dean, I wasn't expecting you back for a few days." A voice said from behind one of the bookshelves. Castiel didn't recognise the accent so he assumed the voice belonged to someone overseas. "Oh, I apologise, Alpha, I wasn't aware that we had company."
"Here, I forget that not everyone is acclimatised to our weather." Dean apologised as he handed the dress over. Castiel quickly pulled the dress over his head and stared down at the table. "Are you ok, Omega?"
Cas turned his face towards the sun, his eyes closed and a smile on his lips. Dean had taken Levi out on a drive an hour ago to help Gabriel find a paternity test, Cas had decided to sit amongst the bees in the garden. He'd been sat on the grass just watching his bees and the other wildlife and enjoying the nice weather.
"I think so." Dean murmured. He rubbed his hand on his forehead and sighed. Their eyes met and they let out another laugh. They arrived back at Cas' house just as it began to rain and made it inside as it started to pour.
Cas collapsed onto Dean, both of them breathing heavily. He felt Dean slip out and whined, the whine turned into a moan when he felt Dean's cum dripping out of his hole and down his thighs. Dean hissed at the pressure on the scratches on his chest but curled his arms around Cas.
"She'll get mad at me for losing him." Dan insisted. Dean, Phil, Mark and Charlie frowned at each other, as the older ones in the group they needed to come to a choice before Dean and Phil could finalise it.
"He's a lot like you." John said. Dean smiled and looked up the stairs then back to his dad. "I'm happy for you, Dean, I never thought you would get this. A family. Because of how I raised you and I've never been so glad to have been proved wrong." Dean looked at the photo from Sam that sat on the bookcase and then at his father, a soft look on his face. He rounded the island and pulled his father into a rare hug.
"I 'member you giving kisses. You my boyfriend." Cas said quietly. Dean smiled and gently pushed her head up so they could look into each others eyes.
"Sam, can we wait until Levi isn't in the room please." Dean said quickly before Sam could continue. Sam looked at the nephilim and nodding, having forgotten the boy was even present beforehand.
"Because I said so." Dean replied.
"I can watch it later." Cas replied, curling his hand around the back of Dean's head. Dean chuckled and kissed his way down Cas' neck. "This is a lot more appealing to me right now."
"How are you doing, Cas?" Sam asked. Him and Cas were in the living room watching a documentary about sea animals while Dean put Levi to bed; when there was a lull in conversation or when the commentary quietened, they could just about hear Dean reading Levi his fairy tales.
"Why not? Because
"Like Daddy work?" Levi asked, curling his hand in Cas' hair.
"Erm, who is the present giver?! Me, it's my job." Dean argued with a small smirk. Sam rolled his eyes but Dean found the present Sam wanted him to open anyway, he saw the childlike excitement in his brother's eyes. He ripped open the paper happily. "Aw thanks bitch." Dean said affectionately, pulling the American Horror Story boxset away from the paper.
"You ok, beautiful?" Dean asked softly.
"What do you mean?" Dean asked, his voice was soft and affectionate.
Michael walked Castiel back to his room after dinner, stopping briefly at the library for Castiel to get some more books. Michael watched Castiel set his new books on the nightstand and sorted through the old pile to find his favourites.
Dean muttered. Cas chuckled at the man and turned upon hearing the back room door open.
"That's true." Phil agreed.
"Let's see how much of this we can eat before Hannah or Ion starts glaring." Gabriel suggested excitedly. Michael and Balthazar laughed at Castiel's equally excited nod of agreement.
"No, John said that you need to bring the Novak Omega with you." The alpha shook his head. Dean felt a hand slip into his and, as a result, his shoulders relaxed. The Omega had barely been with him a day.
Near the end of
"Papa, who that woman? Why Daddy not come with?" Levi asked as they were walking away.
"My... my b-brothers an-a-and m-my bo-b-boy-boyfriend." Cas stuttered between sobs and shaky breaths. "Wh-what's y-your n-name?" She asked to distract herself from what had just happened.
"I'm..." Castiel started but he paused as the blush deepened. They continued through the forest a little further before Dean spoke.
When Gabriel knocked on the door, Cas was sat on the bed with his head hung.
"Dean, are you sure about this?" Asked Sam softly. Dean turned to his brother with a soft smile.
"Yeah, he said you and Mary were arguing again." Cas said, dropping his hand to Dean's neck.
"I sorry, Papa." He mumbled. Cas smiled and pulled the boy into a hug.
"I don't want to leave, Alpha. If we are True Mates, I want to know you, be with you." Castiel confessed softly. Dean gave him a single nod and stood.
Televisions were rare and only royals could afford them, but even for a King to have more than one in their house was uncommon.
"Let's go home."
"Gabe, why can't you find the Elemental with your angel crap?" Dean asked once the waitress was out of earshot.
"How do we kill it?" Dean asked.
"What do you mean it's not Papa?" Gabriel asked softly. He too could tell something was off with Cas, he knew his little brother, he knew how he held himself.
Dean trailed off with a chuckle. Cas' cheeks turned red with a deep blush.
"We're a close family." Dean said taking a step away from the girl only to have her follow. Dean's lip twitched in annoyance and he tightened his grip on Cas.
"No, it's ok, we weren't close. She was horrible to me growing up, being our surrogate was her way of apologising for everything she's done." Cas lied. Maria nodded in understanding.
"Mmm, fuck, Cas." Dean called out softly as he came hard deep inside Cas. The angel moaned as he felt Dean's hot load inside of him, three orgasms worth.
Impala rather than Cas'.
"You've got your hand on my dick, baby." Dean replied. Cas giggled and stepped closer to the hunter. "I fucked you this morning. Was it not enough?" Cas leant up to press their lips together in a heated kiss, Dean groaned and tugged the angel against his body. Dean broke the kiss when he felt Cas' hand slip into his sweats and wrap around his semi.
"When we went back today, Dean and I noticed that the window we had used to get into Freddy's the first time had been boarded up and the mud had been cleaned up." Phil started. He had wanted to protect the younger members from that information but he knew that they needed to share everything if they wanted to figure out what was going on.
"Bye, Dean." Cas said softly. Dean mumbled another goodbye then hung up. Cas sighed happily and got back to work.
"What's this door?" Phil questioned. Cas chuckled and answered without looking away from Dan.
"But what do you mean?" Chuck inquired, almost desperately. Cas looked out of the window as he remembered that day; the way Golden Bonnie had frozen, the look on his face, that impossible smile.
"Hiya Levi, did you have a good nap?" Dean asked softly as he approached them. Cas gave them a small smile as Levi leant towards Dean. The hunter took Levi from Cas, stepping closer to the angel.
He pulled up some of the widely circulated images of Death Wish's victims, admiring the man's handy work. He was aware that it wasn't normal to hold a killer in such high respects but he didn't care, no-one would know.
"Papa happy 'gain?" Levi asked. Cas smiled at his son and brushed his thumb over the freckles dusted across Levi's cheeks.
"You deserve to be happy, Cas." Sam pulled Cas into a tight hug.
(See the end of the chapter for
"We don't have swim suits, Gabe." Dean stated when they were back in the safety in their house. Gabriel looked at him incredulously.
"Stop! Please, let me go. Ow fuck, please. Get off. I don't want this, please." Cas cried out desperately, he just wanted the pain to stop. The man thrust into Cas harshly, trying to chase his own pleasure at any expense. Cas flung his hand back to try to hit his attacker but the man just pinned his hands to the floor and thrust harder.
"It's so small." Charlie observed.
"Dean?!" Called a voice. They were reaching the end of their trip and were collecting the last few items when they heard the voice.
The first part of his plan was relatively easy; all the servants were helping with the ball so none of them would be in the part of the castle that Castiel needed, his family wouldn't even interact with each other for the next few days because they always spent the days after Spirits Day recovering. So he could go beyond the wall and return before anyone even noticed he was gone.
"Come on, Levi. Let's go." Dean said quietly. Levi whined again. Cas smiled and placed a hand on the boy's small back before pressing a kiss to his head. "I'll take him up, you get everything ready for the movie night." Dean said. Cas nodded but didn't move from Dean's grasp. Dean smiled down at the man and pressed his lips to Cas' head before moving away reluctantly. "I won't be long." Then he disappeared up the stairs. Dean laid the sleeping boy down in his crib and stood watching him for a moment.
"Cassie?" Gabriel appeared at his door not long after he heard the Impala pull out of the garage.
"How many have we had so far? Do you remember?" He asked. Levi frowned and looked towards Dean. The hunter held up three fingers.
"Gabriel?" Cas questioned when the feeling of being stared at didn't cease. Cas calling on his brother alerted Dean's attention.
"Some bastard raped him." Dean snarled. He ran a gentle hand up and down Cas' side to comfort the angel. "You need to heal him. And emotional damage we can work through as a family, just get rid of the physical pain." Gabriel nodded seriously, Dean could see the fury in his eyes and felt better knowing that the son of a bitch who did this to his angel was dead.
"That wasn't strange at all." He commented. Cas hummed and reached up to run his fingers through Dean's hair.
to go, bug." Dean said. Levi sniffled and, after, what had been, 30 long minutes, he let go of his father's trousers.
Dean was laying on the couch, Levi laying on his bare chest, and was watching Finding Nemo with his son while they waited for Cas to get home from work.
"What would I catch?" She asked with her signature squint. Dean chuckled and shook his head then lead her to his room. "Dean?" She asked as he started to rummage through his drawers. Dean didn't answer until he had an old shirt in his hand.
"You know he won't jump straight back into your arms, right?" Mary asked. Dean nodded sadly. "You have to work up the trust between you once again."
"I er, I think that would be best, thank you." Castiel decided. Isham locked the gate behind them and lead the way to Gadreel's house, Castiel followed close behind and wearily eyed the civilians . The few that noticed him bowed politely, greeting him.
remembered.
"What? I forgot I'd have to deal with it." Cas shrugged. "Everything was going perfectly, but apparently a child can render my... persuasions inert. I, of course, didn't know that but the child isn't around right now so Dean, if you would be so kind as to set me free from our brother's grasp we can continue as I planned." Dean twitched slightly, he so badly wanted to help but his family was saying it wasn't Cas. So he fought against the instinct to help the other man.
"Shut it, bitch." Dean growled.
When Chuck opened the door to the storage room, Dean and Cas were leaning against each other talking about what they were going to do that weekend for their weekly sleepover.
"No, no, he is. He's definitely pregnant. Don't worry." Dr Ottoway hurried to reassure. "I'm sorry, I worded that poorly. I meant that I went in looking for a week old foetus but instead I found a foetus that is a month old." Cas and Dean breathed a sigh of relief. Cas' eyes teared up in realisation of what that meant.
"What?" Cas asked.
"Whatever you want." Dean replied. Levi grinned and wiggled until Dean put him down. Levi grabbed Dean's finger and dragged the oldest Winchester outside. Cas laughed and shook his head. Cas grabbed his book and pulled on his coat then got Dean and Levi's coats too. Dean turned his head when Cas walked out the door and sat on the porch swing. Dean walked over to the angel after he'd held the Winchester's coat up. "Thanks Cas." Dean said as he pulled the coat on.
"I'm fine." He told Levi gently but turned abruptly to walk away from Dean. Gabriel followed his brother while Sam stared at his brother in disbelief.
"Deanie's shirt." Cas explained with a small smile. The girl cooed again and gently tugged on one of Cas' curly bunches, which had Dean flinching back minutely.
"Thank 'ou!" Levi exclaimed, hugging the toy tightly to his little chest. Cas and Dan smiled fondly at the boy, John and Mary laughed gently.
"Ok," Dean and Cas looked up as the doctor returned to their room. Cas sat up straight and took Dean's hand nervously.
"What?" Cas snapped. Dean was taken aback by the bite in Cas' voice but he stepped forward regardless.
"What do you want?" Cas bit his lip as he thought then turned his gaze to Dean, with full puppy dog eyes. "What?"
"The office?" Charlie asked. "I can't turn the camera so we can't see."
"Maybe the guy in the Golden Bonnie suit unbolted them." Cas thought about it, mulling over the possiblity of it.
"None taken." John shrugged. Dean gave him a small smirk.
"Daddy, who that girl?" Levi asked as they headed back towards the Impala.
"Hands on your head, Levi." Dean said from the kitchen. "Cas come back." Cas took a deep breath and shuffled back to Dean. The hunter pulled Cas into a hug. "I know it's hard, but he needs to learn."
Dean asked cheerily. Cas smiled fondly and tugged Levi up from where he was slipping down Cas' side.
"Call for a kingdom-wide meeting. Memorial Clearing, 30 minutes." Dean ordered. "Go!" He shouted when nobody moved. Castiel flinched, his neck tilting subconsciously. Everyone scattered, quickly leaving the room.
"No, Daddy, I sleep with Unca Sammy." Levi answered. Dean picked Levi up and wandered into the living room too.
"I know you don't hunt anymore but I figured you'd feel more secure if you had something you know works on basically everything." Cas explained as Bobby handled the blade, feeling the weight of it in his hand.
"But, this isn't the coma ward?" Castiel watched the nurses move the patient into one of the spare rooms in his area of the ward.
"Yes Dean?"
"If that's what you want." He answered as he stroked his hand through her wavy hair and Cas' lips curved up.
Cas felt 10x better once Gabriel had healed him, like it was just a bad dream. He knew it wasn't but he had his family and Dean. And Dean's touch was safe, comfortable, welcome.
"It doesn't matter if they aren't them specifically, they're dead! Why is nobody else seeing that?" Cas cried. Dan shook his head and turned away, he knew that, logically, Cas was correct but he couldn't help but hope that his friend was wrong.
"Where Daddy go? He not let me go." Levi said with a pout. Castiel chuckled despite himself. Levi loved going on drives with Dean, he loved the Impalas as much as Dean did; he was definitely Dean's son.
"Who's wearing a dress Cas?" He asked her, his eyes scanning the room. The waitress then came to the table with their food and then left with a warm smile for Cas.
"Charlie, can you see if you can find anything on Elizabeth Afton?" Phil asked, remembering their visitor had mentioned her a few times but he had never mentioned what happened to the girl. Charlie nodded and hopped up, grabbing everyone's dishes and skillfully carrying them to the kitchen before she sat down at the kitchen island.
"If that's what you want to do." He mumbled. Cas smiled up at Dean and then looked back to the doctor.
"I feel like a 17 year old." He said before turning his attention to the little girl on his knee. "How are you feeling?" He said gently. Cas reached up and tapped Dean's cheek with a gummy grin.
"Be careful, Dean." Cas murmured.
"Let's go." Dean muttered after fighting with Cas for a moment to get out of their seats. They quickly tailed the couple to an apartment on the edge of the city.
"Yes, you highness." Castiel slipped past the omega and nodded to her once.
"I've always preferred the original versions." Cas agreed. Freddy, Bonnie and Chica looked the same as ever, to Cas they looked friendly and familiar but, like the toy animatronics, there was something about their eyes. They seemed to be watching their every move, calculating everything. "Let's go look at the Golden animatronics." Cas mumbled, his eyes not moving from the animatronics on the stage. He felt someone take his hand and start to pull him away, he followed the hand that was clasping his up until his eyes met green. Dean was looking at the younger boy with concern in his eyes. Cas shook his head and dragged Dean towards the Golden animatronics' room by the hand, listening for Mark's footsteps following them.
"Gabriel." Cas whispered, her voice full of emotion. Gabriel smiled and opened his arms for her. She jumped up and fell into the archangel's arms. "I thought you were dead."
"Nah couldn't leave my baby bro alone with these two knuckleheads, could I?" The older angel muttered as he held his brother. Sam and Dean watched the exchange in confusion, anger and fondness.
"Sorry, kiddos, I need to take Omega Cas with me." Dean smiled at the groan the pups let out.
His eyes drifted to the grave, it wasn't evenly dug up due to them having to dig the bones out with their hands, but, in the low light of the evening, he could easily see the outline that the killer had dug out. The grave was neat, the edges straight. The killer had planned to kill these kids, if the grave wasn't evidence for that, then the fact that the kids were clean bones already was, clean bones. Cas ran his hand over his face, this was so much more complicated that he had thought.
"4 men dead; one up in flames, one in the drink, one suffocated on air and the last got crushed by a rock. Cas thinks it's a witch of nature because the deaths match the elements." Dean explained, his eyes flicking around the bar suspiciously. Cas nodded in confirmation and looked at her brother expectantly.
"We don't know that a war is coming. We don't know that Novak wants a war. But we can prepare for anything, they will not take us by surprise." Dean continued once the crowd settled. "I will join with my soldiers in two days until then you are dismissed."
"You're welcome but you know Papa doesn't like it when you talk with your mouth full." Dean replied with a smile. Levi frowned and tilted his head.
He'd been planning this for months, even if he hadn't put anything into motion, and he was getting more nervous as the night drew closer. But he needed to calm himself so that his family wouldn't notice that something was wrong. Luckily, the number of people who attended the Remembrance Ball's did make him nervous and his family knew that, so any nerves his family noticed he could blame on the ball.
"Didn't want to." Dean's frowned deepened and he turned to look at his parents but they were looking at him with hard eyes.
After informing Sam of their exciting news, the family relaxed on the couch. Dean had his arm wrapped around Cas, his hand stroking gently over Cas' flat stomach, with Levi draped over them.
"Little brother?" Said a quiet voice from behind Cas. Cas smiled and turned his head to the side, he was careful to not move his son too much.
"FredBear's mouth is clean." Dean commented. Cas frowned, observing the Golden Bonnie suit again. It was worn down, the fur had been rubbed away in places, some of the metal parts were showing on the surface. Whereas, Golden Freddy was as he had always been, how all of the other animatronics had always been. "More proof that he's definitely been used." Dean said. Mark scowled at the Golden animatronics and stepped backwards, his eyes flicking back and forth between each one. "What is it?" Dean asked once he noticed Mark backing up.
"So far, they have moved to The Overlook and Jack is beginning to be affected by the hotel. Jack and Wendy's relationship was starting to get better. Danny had been told by Hallorann not to go into room 217 but he went in and got strangled by the woman in the bathtub." Cas started as she flicked through the book to find her place. Dean smiled and relaxed back into the couch, his arm resting across the back. "-
"Fuck baby." Dean murmured. He held Cas close and tugged him into a dirty kiss, his hands slid down the angel's body to grip his ass and to help him grind their hips together. Cas sat back on Dean's hips and ran his hands over Dean's chest appreciatively. "You look so good up there." Dean groaned and tightened his hands on Cas' thighs. Cas gave Dean a seductive smile then slid down Dean's body until his face was level with the hunter's crotch. Dean moaned at the sight of Cas kneeling between his legs, moving to tangle his hand in the angel's wild hair. "Don't hurt yourself, babe." Dean murmured as Cas pulled his boxers off and licked the head of his dick tentatively. Dean groaned happily and looked down to watch as Cas carefully wrapped his mouth around his cock. Cas moaned contently around Dean's length, sending pleasure filled vibrations up Dean's spine. The angel looked up at Dean then started to slowly take the hunter further into his mouth until it hit the back of his throat. "Oh fuck, Cas." Dean moaned lowly. Cas pulled off for a moment and bit his lip seductively, he crawled back up Dean's body for a quick kiss before he returned to his place between Dean's legs. He licked up from the base to the tip with the flat of his tongue then sunk back down. Dean groaned again, his hands tangling in Cas' hair and pulled gently to guide the angel. Cas started to bob his head up and down with Dean's guidance, sucking on the way up and flicking his tongue over Dean's slit. Dean watched Cas doing down on his dick, only closing his eyes briefly when he felt Cas whine. Dean raised his hips slightly as he noticed that Cas had arched his back, presenting his ass to the hunter. "Oh baby, you look so good. Come here." Dean grumbled, sliding his hand over Cas' back. Cas readjusted himself without taking his mouth away from Dean, he moved his lower half so his ass was in Dean's reach.
"I couldn't." Cas sighed. Gabriel shrugged and joined Cas on the couch.
"Dean." The alpha said in a warning tone.
"I do. If we weren't here, he would have done more. I don't know why you insist on talking back to them." Michael said. Castiel frowned and turned to look at Michael.
"He... was surprised, to have us acknowledge him, and I could see his face, I could always see their faces. Fred Bear always seemed happy to be doing his job but Golden Bonnie seemed... disgusted but pleased at the same time, like he was happy that we were confiding in him. Thinking back, the look on his face was disturbing." Cas recalled. Chuck frowned at Cas' description, he couldn't put the pieces together yet.
"We'll find them." Charlie said.
"Baby awesome, Daddy, but Papa say he wanna make remembories in Honey." Levi said sincerely. Cas blushed, looking down at his feet.
"You haven't noticed." Dean stated simply. When Castiel said his small no, Dean stood up, smiling when Castiel tilted his head slightly, and knelt next to Castiel. "You are my mate, my true mate."
"It looks like the other Freddy's." Mark commented. Cas shook his head and pointed to the face of the blueprint.
"Holy shit." Dean exclaimed breathlessly. Phil leant his head back against his seat and took some deep breaths.
"Good." Cas answered. "Where's Dean?" He asked quietly after glancing behind Sam.
"I have a feeling some angels don't give a fuck, they've rebelled before." Dean said firmly. "How do we go about finding Levi?"
"Hey Levi." Dean exclaimed. Sam put Levi on the floor to let the young boy run into his father's arms. Dean pulled Levi into a tight hug, the young boy hid his face in the crook of Dean's neck. Dean looked around behind Sam and his smile dropped slightly. "Where's Cas?" He asked.
"Are you alright, Dean? Where's John going?" Said Cas as he made his way downstairs.
" Cas started to protest but he heard the call cut off before he could get any words out. Cas clenched his phone angrily then threw it across the garden, his hands came to the side of his head as he heard the thud of his phone landing on the grass. Angry tears blurred his vision.
"You're an angel, babe, it wouldn't affect you if you did get burnt." Dean countered. Cas huffed out another deep sigh and slid the newly finished pancake onto a clean plate then he carefully turned in Dean's arms, laying his hands on Dean's chest.
"What's up with him?" Dean asked shifting his son. Sam snorted.
"It... It's a hip... bone." Cas stuttered, picking it up again.
"Dean?" He asked softly. Dean shyly looked at the Omega.
"Then who did?" Dean asked. "Guys stay here, Phil and I need to check something." Dean called back. The younger members of the group nodded, their eyes surveying the dark showroom. Dean and Phil moved into the arcade and quickly found the window they had originally entered through. Dean pushed against it as hard as he could, Phil quickly joined him to see if they could get it to move but it just creaked.
"I don't know, bitch." Dean retorted but his voice was soft. Sam shook his head fondly at his older brother and walked back into the house, rejoining Levi on the armchair. "What do you want to do while Papa's at work, lovebug?" Dean asked as he relaxed back into the couch. Levi leant over the arm rest on the chair and scrambled onto the couch with his dad.
"You gotta give your Papa a break." Dean mumbled against the taut skin. The baby moved towards Dean's voice then kicked. "I said give him a break, Zepp." He said with a laugh after Cas' gasp at the kick.
"Daddy, please." Levi asked, pointing to the syrup that Dean was covering his pancakes in. Dean looked up to Cas in question, the angel shrugged. Dean poured a small pool of syrup onto the boy's plate. "Thank 'ou." Levi murmured around a mouthful of pancake.
"How?" Castiel asked quietly, scared. Gabriel frowned, guilt pooling in his stomach. "How did this happen?"
"Okie dokie." Maria said then she disappeared back into the room. She was a laid back employer, she'd said that she didn't mind him using his phone while he worked because she knew how boring it could get just sitting there.
"Did you just figure out who kidnapped our brothers?" Dan asked, his voice excited and hopeful.
A security puppet.
"You chose the hunt over Levi." Cas shrugged. Dean sighed and stepped forward.
Levi nodded slowly and thrust his hand towards Cas, the angel knelt down next to Levi and took the phone.
"He does." He agreed. "There wasn't supposed to be any animatronics left here. Dean, what do you-? Dean?!" Cas turned to Dean and rushed to his side upon seeing the boy's wet, red face. "Dean, what's wrong?" The other's joined them when they realised something was wrong with Dean and they guided him to one of the benches. Once they were all sat, they focused on Dean. It was odd to see Dean cry, he was usually the strongest one of them all.
"Daddy and I were just having a disagreement about work, bug, nothing to worry about." Cas answered. Levi took a shaky breath and looked up at his Papa.
"I would like to give birth at home." Cas decided easily. "And I'd prefer not to have to drive 3 hours every time I have an appointment."
"Unca Sammy!" Levi cheered, clapping his chubby hands together.
"Were did you see them last?" Dan's mum, Sarah, asked.
From across the parking lot, Alyssa Rea glared at the two knelt by Baby.
"Levi go home?" The boy asked with a smile. Cas looked away for a moment then met his son's gaze once again. He nodded with a small smile. "Papa come too?" With that, Cas' smile dropped.
"Let's go and tell them the good news." Dean suggested with a grin. They both schooled their expressions and exited the room. Gabriel stood up to greet them, only glancing at Levi who was too busy playing to notice his parents.
"Levi." Cas whispered.
"I gave you my number, you didn't think to call me when you found out you were pregnant or when he was born?" Dean sighed, rubbing his hand over his face. Lisa went to reply went a loud wailing echoed through the park. The adults immediately ran to the climbing frame, Cas and Dean slid onto their knees when they saw that Levi was laying on his back, crying loudly.
Dean had just started to believe that, that Cas wanted to stay with them, be a family with them. But now, it didn't matter how many times he called, Cas just wasn't coming back; and he'd been calling for hours. He'd been knelt by Cas' body calling, screaming, for him to come back. But he didn't. He could see Cas' wings burnt into the mud, he had seen Cas' grace burn out, the blade ripping though the angel.
"Morning, sweetheart." Dean greeted. Cas gave him a soft smile then turned to Levi.
"Care to explain to me why the hell there is a Novak in our walls?!" The man roared. Castiel immediately bared his neck and moved his gaze to the floor.
"I think it's blood." Cas whispered. Dean frowned and leaned in closer to observe the stains.
"Waffles." Cas repeated. He pointed at Dean with a serious look on his face. Dean smiled, shaking his head, then went downstairs to make their breakfast.
However, it wasn't long before a loud crash distracted Aether long enough for Sam and Dean to push him back to where they'd agreed earlier. Immediately, Aether slammed his fist on the floor and split the ground in two, separating the brothers. The crack in the rock filled with water and Aether looked around cautiously but angrily. Sam surged forward to tackle the Elemental but was thrown back then surrounded by fire to prevent another attempt to take him down. Dean shouted out for his brother, pulling away from Cas' grip. "Gabe, get a move on!" Dean yelled frantically as he looked for a way to get over the gap. Gabriel conjured a fire to trap Aether.
"They don't want you, Castiel!" Af roared. "You're a broken angel, whatever you're feeling, that isn't right. You're too
Gabriel recalled. Cas sighed and watched his friends through the window again. Dean looked over and caught Cas' eyes. The older boy gave him a small smile before he turned his attention to his friends.
Sam looked up from his laptop when Dean passed him for the third time in the past hour.
"Thank you." Phil muttered politely when no-one else said anything. Michael nodded and stood, wiping his face again then wiping his hands off on his jeans.
