he couldn’t hear anything except for Howard—
He thinks he sees the girl again.
They’ve been lucky, so far, swapping out a person to watch Wanda and make sure she stays hydrated and somewhat nourished. Its almost impossible to get coherent thoughts from her, although she had a worrying headache that had caused her nose to bleed almost non-stop for an hour or so a few times the first two days.
She’s doing her third circle around the perimeter of the mass when she notices that she’s starting to attract second glances. She crosses the next street and then turns into a small Mexican food restaurant. She decides to order something—it is early evening, and although the restaurant is mostly full she’s able to order and find herself a seat at the corner bar to wait for her order.
“—ammit, wake--”
, I am the only one here so..." The unspoken
Welp.
,” Scott emphasizes as Sam tries to get a reply in, “
“You really think Stark can hold her if Natasha has to leave?” Sam asked with a snort.
Pepper had still been speaking as Fury thought back to that mission report, filed and forgotten. Probably somewhere in the internet, if Stark hadn’t gotten it scrubbed yet. “…why we need this to work. Those idiots may not listen to a coalition of countries, and probably think that the world will need them again as a way to clean their slate, so to speak. But that’s not how international laws work, the Sokovia Accords
“What you do is not only foolish and frivolous but will lead to damages and consequences unforeseen and unparalleled,” Loki forewarns, “the Tesseract is already highly volatile, by breaking apart some of its components you are removing the equilibrium of the universe itself! Stop, Amora, before your own tenacious avarice and childish obsession destroys this world and all those we must protect!”
Tony watches, in awe and fear, as the portal flickers for a split second; arms raise and hands splay, further apart than before, fingers stiff as the opening bends and warps with depleting power. The air crackles as the energy spikes and ebbs. The portal shrinks marginally; the stars fade away into endless space.
Things, they make sense now. Somehow, Tony knows exactly what’s going to happen, like dominoes lined up and ready to topple; he needs a few more days to tick off the first one and
—and then he makes his way back to the surveillance room. Hope is sitting in front of a monitor, her hands still wrapped from where she was working out in another room. She looks a little weary, and Hank still needs to give Scott one good licking before he can even see Hope for the far-off look to her eyes.
The sidewalk leading up to the bulbous mound was paved with photos of missing loved ones assumed to be within the mass. Flowers and old candles take up most of the sidewalk, so the street had been closed in a single to two block radius where people walked.
“I think we’re under surveillance,” Hope says, “by more than one person.”
The first sheet of paper is just a few equations; the rate of change of the explosive level of some sort of strange element he can’t even make out—the molecular structure drawn is completely surreal. The next sheet is blank but crumpled nonetheless, and almost all the sheets are just as this one, he realizes, bunching them into two separate piles.
“Perhaps Captain Rogers and I retain a strong argument.”
“So we won’t fix it,” Tony says, eyes still shut. “We just keep rebuilding until it works
“You had, what,
“I… do not know.” Thor replies,” this does not look like my brother Loki’s brand of mischief, though there are no other Asgardians that are capable of fooling any Asgardian creature of lore to come to Midgard, or a single sorcerer whom enters this mortal realm besides my Loki.”
Tony isn’t used to this, this sort of motherly-caring figure. He’s in the house and following Missouri before he’s even consciously aware and she’s chatting away niceties like another good host, not babbling at his feet and what-not. It’s… nice. It’s relaxing.
“Nothing is truly ever lost, Steven, and what was once lost will come back to you,” Frigga whispers and Steve’s eyes close, and it’s strange, how this woman that he never met, never knew can make him feel so at ease and tense at the same time.
Probably one of Steve’s. Tony put the sketch in a new, third pile.
With Avenger’s tower on lockdown, well, there are only so many resources the two can utilize.
If push came to shove, he definitely knew he would be able to subdue her and leave. It seemed like Stark's AI wasn't even installed in the building yet. Something told him, still, whispering behind his reasonings, that he was playing a poker game with only three cards in his hand.
“I choose you because you are a hero. You will sacrifice yourself for others, and in doing so you are selfless and noble. A lifetime does not define you; a situation does. And what is life but the careful management of a succession of situations?”
Steve gives Tony a pointed look that’s more hurt than anything and any retort is swallowed by the look, “and although I know you’re the kind of guy that doesn’t want to bother others with his own problems, or you’d rather ignore them until they pass but this, this that’s going on right now, this isn’t something you can just sit out. It’s affecting you and it’s affecting the missions--”
“I think they want to ask us something. I used the ants for surveillance, just to the alleyway and I think they’ve been… waiting.”
Wanda repeats, shifting slowly to sit on the edge of the bed. “They are going to come.”
And the photo had been bad, admittedly so, but there was something hauntingly familiar about the giant mass’s glow that she couldn’t shake off.
“Oh, just a little curious, I guess.” Tony deadpans. “One more, very quickly--”
send him were quite… nightmarish.
“OH, yeah!” Peter squeaks, “It was crazy! He was giving me signals and everything, telling me when to move and I think that for a moment he even covered me with an illusion, It was all bang! Bang! Crash! ‘I will never forgive you’, ‘I am bound but not really’ and It was really weird but okay in a way…” Peter continued his senseless babble while Tony tuned him out.
any sense of his true self it's with a low grouse, a drawn out complaint that's lost to the darkness of the night. Steve is leaning under the windowsill, sketchbook over his criss-crossed legs, a soft charcoal pencil tucked in his ear, a kneaded eraser beside his foot, a compressed charcoal stick resting on the heavy pages. He can't tell if he dozed off at some point or if he's been too immersed in thought but suddenly there is no moonlight in the window and Tony Stark is leaning back against the door frame between the living room and the dining room, in a sleek black suit, jacket tossed on a chair in the foreground and white dress shirt untucked and partially unbuttoned from the collar, his tie loose around his exposed throat and collar bone, all washed in the dim blue light of his arc reactor.
“How very astute, sir, although I should point out to you that I have a system message that claims that you were rendered unconscious for quite an amount of time.” It should be impossible for an AI to sound so smug. Why oh why does Jarvis sound so haughty? “I have studied the video monitoring of the workshop and have very meticulously analyzed every moment for any discrepancies in your attitude and typical mannerisms; any visual and audio inconsistencies have been drawn out of the feeds and put into a chronological timeline.”
"I understand that Stark returned to the United States sans Rogers or his friend. I also know, however, that Ross didn't arrest him even after breaking the Accords to go get them—odd, considering Ross's penchant for punishment and blackmail. Then, changes and amendments started getting pushed through, miraculously, though Stark himself didn't deliver them personally they seem to have stemmed from the man himself."
“And you are…?”
Tony takes his time clicking the armor back in, piece by piece, murmuring different codes to unravel the system overrides; the different components start to click back into place, skimming up his bare chest until he’s finally standing in his mostly re-formed armor.
Also, I make A LOT of Norse Mythology references. Like, a shit-ton. I think I'll put a key on the epilogue's end note? (if needed) (BTW: I am never Beta'd so a thousand and one apologies for any and all mistakes!)
The night paints a different but still beautiful picture of Wakanda. The stars that set the night sky ablaze bring a fierce parallel to the blend of technology and nature of the country. Everyone gives some remark when they pass through the barrier, and Steve had almost forgotten just how striking the city looked and took a moment, too, to let his gaze follow the lights of the nightlife shine against the sky, gleam against the leaves.
It’s over.
Steve doesn’t look back at Loki as he storms through to the other room. The Sorcerer is busy murmuring to Thor, pressing a hand against the leather straps holding up the blonde. Steve hears the sound of burning and knows that Loki is getting hurt, is getting burned by the magic as he unwinds the spells.
“Captain Rogers and James Buchanan Barnes have broken into and taken the fugitives remaining in the Raft. During his escape, whichever technological hack they used to get in also fried FRIDAY’s bug in the system.”
He thinks of Thor, the man on the receiving end of such unwanted affections and sighs.
is what Rhodey was going to say, but stopped. He let out a deep breath as it hit him all at once.
like a series of photos, quick and there and gone again, leaving only bright lights behind.
Pepper takes a deep, shuddering breath. "He went in as a friend, you see.." Pepper trails.
It’s soft, despite the outer shelling and smells fragrant; it smells like spring and youth and hope. It’s stark against the darkness and Tony closes his eyes, breathes it in and closes his eyes.
Even Jarvis seems quieter now, and certain rooms and floors remain empty.
unhappy to be carting around Fury of all people, but when Pepper had nodded her head he had dipped his in response and they were off.
“Captain Rogers is currently in the main lobby, standing beside the elevator. I do believe the Captain is the ‘he’ you refer to.” Jarvis’ voice is bland and a little bored. Tony worries that maybe his Artificial Intelligence is less artificial than it should be before shrugging. It’s too early—or late, he hasn’t checked the time yet— to be thinking about all of this without a cup of coffee.  Tony doesn’t curse everything and everyone under his breath as he clambers up the steps to the hallway; there’s no way to prove he did, anyway.
Fury agrees. Nothing makes people scared than being scared shitless by those sworn to protect them suddenly accepting
“I could only surmise,” Vision cuts in before the situation escalates. Tony sits back and lets Vision take over this one. He closes his eyes and promises to stay awake during this bit. “It is simple, James,” Vision only smiles when Rhodey mouths ‘James’ like it is another odd nickname, “Ross gets to look like he is, as it is said, ‘on their tail’, and will separate himself from us for some time while he follows whatever trail he can scrape up.”
had on the brains of soldiers. I'm not the man that sought out mentally unstable assassins and spies and tried to keep them to a single-minded loyalty. I'm not the man whose agency was infiltrated by their worse enemies. Neither am I the man that would allow dangerous and completely insufficiently researched agents remain on the field. I'm not the man that figured a couple hundred dead agents meant nothing as long as the truth would be revealed.
Amora shares that look now, of unbridled rage and fear and hatred. The cube lies on the ground a few feet away where it’s been uncloaked. Her hand shakes, bruises and burns running up the long expanse of her arms. Her lip is busted, bleeding a steady stream down her chin and there’s the faint blossom of bruises on her neck and clavicle where Loki had his hand wrapped firmly in a strangle.
be getting sick!” Darcy yells from the living room. Erik groans and slumps further into his cocoon.
“What… what was it you dreamt?” Steve asks, staring at the jet’s inner paneling. “It can’t be too much of a coincidence that you… see Vision warning you and we get contact.”
“Even if she, if she’s d-dead,” the woman snuffled, “please, I want to at least get to bury my baby girl, she’s all I’ve got.”
Light steps. Sneaking. Short figure. More compact, a subtle heaviness through muscle mass. Some kind of armory, judging by the not-natural sound of their clothes as the person came closer to inspect her.
that just says
“Ay, Thor,” he grunts, shoving the Asgardian onto his back. Enchantress’ hand shakes, rattling the gun as she shoves her second shard into the weapon.
“I am… a delivery girl, for now.” The voice says with slight hesitation. “I have to recede, but I know you’ll know when you see it.”
“My Brother had his hand in such a misdeed!” Thor booms, startling Tony. Tony tilts his head back and gets an upside-down image of Thor, who sort of looks like he’s smiling but it’s probably a frown.
an IV line had been connected to him. The itch of the punctures was incorrigible. He aches to get back to the facility.
, a little like Tony:
SHIELD agents that had no idea their life and the lives of their families were in danger because of the SHIELD information dump. I'm the one that read each of those armors Ultron converted the coordinates for the Agents, hoping I wouldn't find their dead corpses. Hoping I wouldn't find their
“I have the video footage of last night from the time you entered at eighteen-oh-four up to when Captain Rogers woke you at ten thirty-eight this morning. Would you like me to sift through, frame by frame for any strange occurrences?”
There are still some—some men, women, hardly any children and it’s like evolution but regressing; savages, all of them, scouring the land for nourishment, and in some cases cannibalism is salvation. Blood is just another stain in the earth, another mark on the flesh; bone is just another tool, another piece to the pile; words have lost meaning; thoughts are a simple, focusing completely and utterly on Maslow’s most basic step: physiological fulfillment, breathing dank air, drinking infected water, eating what they find and sleeping where possible.
“This is my calling,” Amora hisses, aiming for the doorway. “And I have seen the sort of world that can be made and, darling Loki,” Enchantress’ face transforms from a smooth, serene sort of madness to a wicked, depraved visage of insanity in a mere second as the door slowly opens, “it’s going to be
But the rest of the sentence is scratched and scribbled into incoherency.
And that had been that. The driver looked
No promises, then. Vision is still carefully watching Tony, though, and when Tony notices he puts both hands on the table, subtly shakes his head.
“Wanda, no one knows we’re here,” Scott says, handing her another bottle. This time Wanda pours some into her cupped palm and splashes on her face before drinking more. Her skin feels grimy with sweat, but her head.
, can you please not touch it?” Tony winces as Steve brushes the white oil-stained muscle shirt Tony had on that same morning.
Pepper starts, voice lower. They have not moved past the wall, instead they speak just beyond the threshold. Just beyond what Fury wants to know and fears he does already. "There was no blackmail; your issue is in seeing every Avenger as your little SHIELD agents: no morality, no conscious, and ready to obey orders. Tony? For all the crap SHIELD and the US Government has thrown at him, is
Tony’s waiting for Thor to return from SHIELD in the basement lab of Stark Tower. With Jarvis running scans on the different bits of fibers Tony brought back and the image of the tree, Tony is left with only his thoughts and a bunch of searches to work with on his own, Tony sighs and leans back in his chair. He hates this, idle work and research, but it's something so he flips over to the next tab, opens a new window in mid-air and opens all live feeds in Laurence.
Amora steps into his line of vision, blonde hair knotted and eyes wide, unseeing.
things. Things with Thor. And Steve. And apples and dominoes and metal. Things with fire and pain and, well, none of that matters right now, not at the moment, because he’s comfortable and there is nothing more important than this moment, somewhere between life and death and the fight and defeat.
Tony finds that, unfortunately, the world kept rolling forward while he was out. If he could pinpoint how other people would react, life would be a lot easier. Isn't there a law out there about how the only thing that is certain is uncertainty?
let me tell you, I
It starts here.
Well Tony's alive enough to still do that, so that's a good sign. Steve relaxes a bit and presses his palm to Tony's thigh, against the bandage but he can't help but feel the heat though the two layers of cloth. The pressure is just a tad too much, however, and Tony groans and arches his back, bites his lip and sends Steve a beseeching look.
All of this is
Steve remains silent, for the most part, and just
But the linger-er. The person, as her dad had so poetically put it, “lurking in the peripherals”, didn’t have that same MO. They seemed more willing to wait,
The elevator doors open, but Tony only leans back against the far wall and lets his head thump again and again.
Silence reigns for a few minutes. Each lost in thought, the ride feels longer than expected.
, Howard Stark had never truly crossed his mind, at least not in matter of comparison.
“Well, aren’t you awfully attentive—” Tony starts, trying to derail the conversation altogether.
The link, it’s a two way street. Tony keeps his eyes closed, thinks with all his might, tries to picture himself sending his thoughts across, and pleads.
Not chosen. It was always Barnes. Had decided that taking Tony down was easier than…
Steve will see the arc reactor, be immediately disgusted, repulsed, then he’ll be looking at Tony with
“Just a little bit of juice. Just unlock these chains, please.”
Still, if he were to get Thor to go to Asgard and get him some of the metals they had there, maybe this wouldn’t be such a lost cause? Actually, that would be perfect; Tony minimizes all of the open drafts he has lingering about in the air and slumps against his work table, legs open before the bench.
—Aaron would get answers for her. Natasha looked around the solemn home, facing the stillness for the extra analysis. The woman certainly lived alone, but there were signs of another person, someone else…
was going to be the one asking questions.
He’s in a marshland, walking over the gray-green water. Smoke rises around him, a thick fog that leaves nothing but the muddy water under his Converse. The air is damp and still, eerie in its desolateness. Tony continues walking, though, lets the buzzing at the base of his skull lead him forward, to turns and twists in an intangible road. The tall reed-like grasses that rise from the waters sway in a wind that does not exist.
, that idiot would lay himself down on the line and take whatever the world throws at him and give just as good back because he’s
Rargh. Smut at the start of next chapter so GIRD YOUR LOINS. (AKA: just be prepared for that xD)
“Manual override: oh-seven-oh-four-one-nine-two-two!” Tony barks out and the double-doors (security measures, it’s only a lab full of
“—akanda, I told you,” Steve says with a heavy sigh, slumped forward with his elbows braced on his knees. Sam throws his hands up in frustration and turns around. Scott looks thoughtful as he looks between the two. Wanda wonders just how in the world she slept through whatever got them to this point. Scott spares her a glance before he looks back at Steve with a growing look of wonder on his face.
The problem here was that the kind of insomnia that qualified such symptoms typically resulted from emotional unease and Tony was
, I hope, is what Natasha was trying to warn you about," Pepper says, motioning with a single, shaky arm at the set-up. "Not Tony. What would happen to Tony if he continued to try to stop your Golden Boy."
The skies are lit with fire in the darkness of the night, a fiery scarlet like a streak of blood smeared across the onyx abyss. There’s a faint veil of gray there, like smoke, or maybe… maybe it’s the haunted and mourning specters of the innocents that have perished thus far into this ailing nation and they’re there, crying in the night, looking for a brief respite or just hoping to be exercised, looking for a way to be saved after it was too late.
It’s dark and Tony doesn’t know what time it is. He’s cold (from loss of blood?) and aching at the joints. The warehouse he’s in is small and mostly comprised of individual storing rooms with thin walls. He can hear Thor in the other room, causing a ruckus but no one else.
Wanda looks at Scott through her haze. She actually hadn’t known that about the other man. Had only known that he suited up when Steve asked, so she had trusted him to watch her back. Actually, she hadn’t known that about the Accords, either.
But there's that familiar voice that's soothing him even in his sleep, a warm, calloused hand that's flat on his forehead, cooling his fever with their heat and shoving those fears and memories and haunting with only his tone and touch. He cracks an eye open and it's like the past only modern: Howard as he would look in this day and age but it's not him, not Howard Stark, but a close resemblance even when Steve thinks there's no resemblance at all.
It’s dark in the room, smoldering, but Tony won’t tell Jarvis to turn up the lights, to allow Steve the pleasure of both
“FRIDAY will keep an eye on you during your trip,
, I can make them gunmetal but that’s only because you. Are. Taking them. Capiche?”
“I hope you know just how much I love you. And I swear, you’ll know, and I’ll remind you every day because
He wants to scream (and remembers Tony, so strong, so very stupid, how he didn’t scream until everything came coming down) but takes a deep breath and lets it out in a shaky, watery sigh.
“You want me to work… damage control, in the intelligence network?” He clarifies. “I don’t have a very far reach as I did before.”
” Steve asks when he enters because it’s black and white and there’s a man crying with books surrounding him. Peter murmurs something that should be a title and Steve, as it turns out, is too tired for this too so he nudges the younger Avenger and plops down between Tony and Peter with a huff.
“You weren’t the first to contact me.” Tony states and Idonae flushes slightly, eyes trained on the golden apple between her thighs.
remain. And now, because of their antics, the world has tightened it’s hold on the powered-population.”
Steve takes a deep breath, puts on a neutral face, and then pushes the door with his shoulder to pry it open. Sam and Scott turn to him quickly from just beyond the bare doorway and then shift back to observing Wanda, who is out of his line of sight. Clint is leaning against the counter, seemingly contemplating. Clint raises a hand in greeting, and Steve shoves the door back into it's muddled frame.
FRIDAY was having trouble listing out the order in which Zemo had found them. The timeline to his revenge was sketchy at best and there seemed no traces of the information gathering Zemo had done to get
“C’mon,” Clint says, walking towards Sam and Scott huddled together in front of Steve’s hunched from towards the front of the Quinjet. Wanda follows silently, still not quite all-there.
“No,” Tony agreed, “but this is also the same guy that brought VistaCorp and Zorick’s shady deals into the light would be the kind of guy to turn away from the elected voices of all the little people, you know.”
, like a thousand razor blades are pumping through his veins. He wants to scream but the words turn to ash in his mouth, the sounds all wither and die on his tongue. Everything turns white and blue-white heat that’s engulfing his body.
That same metal arm and the snow and the cold and—
without the bells and whistles of someone official. Hope felt like there was something there, you know, something she couldn’t see but could sense.
Pepper raises her hand and Fury's words die to the silence it raises with it. "Don't you
“The building is going to collapse, Captain, we need to leave,” Loki starts, hefting Thor slightly higher with a proprietary arm around the god’s waist. He moves forward, free hand extending, when Steve finally reacts.
” Tony finishes flatly.
“FRIDAY says that rendering will take a minute,” Rhodey says at last, “because you have her mostly… looking at old SHIELD dump files you pulled?”
Thaw. Thaw.
“—hasn’t been satisfied, but I’m not too sure if he’s done yet or not. This took… meticulous planning. Something that he could do day-to-day and perhaps even just wait out for. We can’t be too sure, but FRIDAY was trying to follow his progress and there are too many holes we can’t account for that I’m not too keen on finding out.”
Seriously, Steve’s eyes where a bit far-away, as if thinking deeply about every word Tony said, his arms shaking a little, the slightest and Tony only felt it because his arms where still holding Tony, his body was still holding Tony up. Steve blinked his eyes a few times, the clear blue slowly losing its haze. He cleared his throat and shook his head, still a little stiff and tense but no longer quivering.
The elevator has stopped for the last part of Pepper’s request. Pepper has stepped out, not looking at Fury. “The world will need everyone, but it will need people who truly care about them, and not just their mission. If something that cataclysmic happens again, we’re going to need police. We’re going to need the general population to hear us and
Warmth.
Vision closes his eyes for a second, then another.
” Tony’s snide tone seems to make some modicum of patience in Steve crumble to dust because suddenly he’s all but straddling Tony, tugging at the bottom of his shirt with barely any force, seemingly afraid to rip the stained and worn t-shirt.
Steve laughing at Tony as he tries to rub the grease off his cheek with a dirty, oil-stained hand.
, want to see you”
He shouts out with his body, with each drag up—
"I am
Steve smiles despite himself at the confused cursing.
They stay there, staring at each other for what feels like a lifetime before Tony clicks another piece back into the brace and Rhodey feels the pinching on the side of his leg slowly fade away.
that’s tearing at his chest worse than the shrapnel.
She is blinded by blue-white light and a heat that sets her mind on fire. They are shaking her now, here, on the Quinjet, and when she opens her eyes in her dream the man is screaming a silent supplication to the concrete, eyes almost impossibly wide. His skin begins to tear from his body and turn to ash around him, revealing the lean lines of his muscle, fatty tissues and tendons. She screams with him, horrified, and the soldier begins to reach for her even as his muscles begin to drip away to bone, and the bones are decaying with him.
“Please. Please, Wa--”
“My son always told me that you were quite clever.”
Vision smiles faintly, taking the cup back, “I suppose I believed that would go without saying, but perhaps hearing it is just as calming: yes, there has been complete integration, and although your ribs will ache for quite some time, the new reactor will hold nicely. Friday and I have already mapped out, along with Helen, a sort of exercise regime to help you calibrate with the nanites.”
He better
“Jarvis--”
“Nah, I’ll go see him myself.” Tony gets up, stretches his shoulders and cracks his back. “I hate sitting around, anyway. Thanks, Jarvis”
“Wha’?” Is Tony’s slurred response, because Steve shouldn’t expect anything but sleepy, groggy responses from a recently awaken Tony. “Shtebe? Wa’s you doin’ in my—no, no, what’er you doin’, what am
So, you know, no biggie. Only Tony had no idea what the hell the thing actually did other than contain a vast wealth of limitless energy. So far, it seemed as if Asgardian materials worked well when it came to holding the cube but, according to Steve, the Tesseract had eroded the steel of the aircraft. So, something resilient and otherworldly?
“And Loki?” Tony asks, trying to press on. He figured Loki helping out there was a pretty important fact.
Nothing.
Friendship.
If it was a symptom of something larger.
But it begs him every night, and the more he tries to remember what he sees and hears but the more he remembers the more he forgets.
“—yeah, sure, lets go with that, I’ll let you slide this once,” Rhodey points at Tony and then at Vision, who startles at being at the end of such an angry, menacing finger, “but don’t
count as spoilers. I think this is actually even just mentioned in the trailer and then re-imagined here.
“I just, you looked uncomfortable,” Steve mumbles, looking ever-so-awkward as he scrunches his features to look at Tony.
She has only one destination she is currently trying to reach: St. Charles, Missouri. She had picked up whispers about something happening, and although her sense told her to
“Well, that is mighty odd…” Hank rubbed a furry claw over his blue chin and his upper lip curled up in a pensive snarl. “I will endeavor to take a gander into his physiological symptoms, if anything shows up I will send you word but I think perhaps a telepath would be better help in this situation.” Hank grinned, white teeth sharp in contrast to his form. “Still, the Professor went missing a few days back, a mishap in the danger room with one of the time-space shifting mutants and Frost is on loan to the British Government so it’s fine.”
...She hands him a golden apple. Silence spreads as the blue skies begin to bleed across the graying fields.
She could smell a faint tinge of body odor, just a taste of sweat. Working out, maybe. A passing jogger. Someone doing yoga from their apparent, perhaps.
“Fiiiiiiine,” Tony sighs, looking on blankly as Thor begins to spin Mjolnir, ready to take off; Natasha is already in the helicopter cabin on the receiver with someone that is most likely Fury, hopefully to get a perimeter set up in case Amora hasn't fled the surrounding area yet; Spiderman is just standing by idly and Steve is leaning against the helicopter.
(Steve doesn’t need to know that he’s awake.)
Fury commends her. He’s watched agents fall apart and fail to put themselves back together again.
“Am I stupid for still wanting to try? For still loving you?”
One hour turns to three. Then five, and then Peter is switching off with Steve, telling him that Jarvis is running over a thousand video scans and all he needs to wait for is an alert.
The next thirty minutes are a blur.
One. Two thrusts and Tony’s throwing his head back, nearly screaming Steve’s name between choked out sobs and Steve’s following after a second, a terse grunt kicked out of the super-soldier as he reaches completion as well.
She reminds him of that time, years ago, when the only solution had been to inject Stark and lock him under house arrest with some of Howard Stark's old things.
Tony nods in affirmation and finishes his cup, refills it and makes his way back to the lab downstairs. “Lights at sixty three percent” he orders smoothly, making his way past chrome fixtures. The lights brighten and Tony deposits his cup on one of the emptier counters, licks his lips of all residues and makes his way to the main workbench.
Tony’s slightly changed—he’s in sweatpants, the easiest thing to put on without having Vision dress him, and a large sweater. The skin around the new arc reactor is more sensitive than before, or maybe it's just from the time without one that Tony can’t remember if it always felt like that.
“Ah, but how could you ever believe that I would side with you, Amora? It is truly astonishing, your naïveté or perhaps it is simply your inanity.” Loki sneers and looks up at the cuffs on his wrists, mutters something under his breath and the light fades away. He looks up at Spiderman, gives a curt nod and chuckles.
Tony exhales, long and slow. What a shit show. Vision doesn’t smile, but his eyes shine with something Tony would call mirth.
“What do you want, then,” Vision says at last, feeling the power imbalance in the room, “with this supposed ‘warning’, Secretary.”
“Oh, and how it must
“What is it, Jarvis?” Tony groans, wanting nothing more than to slink further into the sheets, wait for Steve to return to consciousness and maybe have a few more rounds in the dark. Despite what he wants, though, Tony knows that Jarvis’ interruption is nothing less than important and pertinent to the visions and the Enchantress.
“Tony what are you--”
that speaking in the open about what was bothering him would be close to impossible. The hands clenching the ledge tighten and a nearly mute groan emits from the appliance. Steve wills his hands to loosen their grip and he looks uneasily towards the living room vicinity.
Tony can’t finish his thought because the next thing he knows is darkness, and the muffled, warbled sound of Jarvis sounding the alarm.
“S.H.I.E.L.D. say they want us to come in and give a full report on what happened; Natasha and Peter can handle that, though.” Steve pauses for a moment, waiting for Tony to look at him but the man doesn’t; his petulant gaze remains elsewhere and Steve resists the urge to turn Tony around and force him to see Steve, see the worry and anxiety that eats away at his sanity because Tony just suddenly came into his life, seventy years into the future, and became this-this big, colossal part of Steve’s life, one he thought he could never get back but with Tony it’s easy to be himself; losing Tony would be like losing Bucky again, like losing
“Curse you… untie…I will kill you!” More familiar; Loki, angry and cursing. Wait—Loki and who else? If Loki was making death threats then maybe…
So i quit my job, left the wildfire in Nor Cal, moved twice, and finally had time to finish and post this chapter. Sorry for the long hiatus, y'all!
they only told him to go to hell, and then two days later they’re broken out when we know the only person who wasn’t accounted for that had
No one answers Steve. He hadn’t expected anyone to, anyway. Months of asking himself the same questions have never lead to any answers, anyway.
“He… he sold us out?” Scott squeaks, alarmed. Steve’s eyebrows knit together.
” Clint let his hand drop and looked at Steve. “You’re keepin’ an eye on the phone, right?”
“Your proof?” Ross asks, hand itching to reach for his phone.
It smells like ozone, though, and amaranths. Steve thinks Tony wouldn’t have gone out any other way.
as Tony berates himself then rebuilds his confidence only to shatter it once more. Steve almost misses the way Tony's fingers absentmindedly brush the glass cover of the arc reactor and the almost whisper that follows.
“I’m… I hear he is quite like his father. At least, in appearance and madness.” Was the first thing Ironman had ever replied. Steve stayed still, a little shell-shocked, sure, but mostly thinking. On the short occasions he had spent with Tony Stark, for his bi-weekly
one of your little misfit miscreants," Pepper grinds out, pushing off the doorway and stalking closer to the aloof ex-director. "I am
"It seems
no less, but Pepper isn't even looking at him. Her hand is braced on the rail of Tony's bed, her eyes stuck to Tony's slack expression. "But, maybe a day after his return, after putting off Ross for another twenty-four hours, he collapsed. Hadn't really been to medical, considering..."
"There is a bigger threat," he says at last, weighting the pros and cons of letting a civilian—albeit a civilian very well in the know—about his information. Not all, though. "It's coming soon. One of the mechanisms Stark and Banner made on the original Helicarrier has pinged a few locations of energy signals closely related to the Tesseract. According to the readings, a few more of these... otherworldly items have appeared on earth on three separate occasions."
After another thirty minutes of going over everything he lands just barely out of the city, a ten minute walk away from the psychic’s house. His armor all dismantles and locks itself back up, Jarvis leading it back to the penthouse.
Enchantress wasn’t looking for an apocalypse, all she really wanted was—
Fury takes the barb and thinks about what he’s going to set off to do. As someone who works with information and barters in secrets, this may be a tough sell.
know how to find them?” Steve presses, seeing an opportunity literally knocking on their door. “You said he seemed to have an aversion to Enchantress, and actually fought against her. Now that she’s taken Thor and Tony, maybe it’s enough to have him help us.”
, you can only wish to warm the beds of warriors such as us! You not unfit for anything other than to become one with the ashes of Niflheim, as Hel’s footstool!” Enchantress shouts and she raises her hands, eyes flashing, hair billowing behind her shoulders. “Leave, like the little coward you are, and you shall suffer from no injury.”
“Then maybe someone else from Asgard?” Steve tries. “Give me a second and we’ll regroup, Black Widow? Get to the main street. Thor, I’m in your near vicinity. Ironman, are you close to our spots? Have you met up with Spiderman yet?” Steve says in his most authoritative tone, the sound of him running somewhat louder than before.
Natalie Rushman, or Natalia Romanova, or whatever other name your little
“Steven,” She greets. “Raise your head, young man.” Steve does what he is told and finds the woman kneeled before him as well, eyes searching his gaze for something. He doesn’t officially know who this woman is, though, is acting on basic instinct and so far it’s working.
“Good, I have no idea what the hell is going on but Asgardian versus Asgardian never ends well; it’s like reading Superman verses Wonder Woman: terrifying, hot, but destructive nonetheless.” Peter whines, using his infinite wisdom of fictional graphic novels as the perfect leeway.
Steve pointedly ignores Tony's eyes until the ambulance arrives. He joins Tony in the small compartment, leaves his hand on Tony's uninjured shoulder and leaves it there. He can't come up with words to comfort, but the small gesture is enough.
“She enchanted them, or something,” Tony rasps, looking down. “I think you need to leave, she might--” the sounds of shouting and fighting reach them from across the thin wooden panels of a wall. “--
why they would aid someone in criminal activity, they were gone.
Don’t look back. Don’t try to help. Loki is adamant.
“Good to see you, boss,” Friday greets once Vision and Tony get to the front door. “Colonel Rhodes has been keeping Ross busy as long as he can, but you’re both needed in the conference room. I’m afraid his patience is running low.”
.” Tony says, still looking at Rhodey. “I know we’re not expecting trouble, and they won’t-wouldn’t do something stupid so for now we should be in the clear on the
Which is fine, really. Steve is not a little hurt at all. Or worried. That'd be unbecoming of the team leader.
"Here, in this home," Pepper continues, "you have no footholds. You have no leverage. I am not Tony Stark. I am not... not a kidnapped man. Not a weapons maker. I am not a
Pepper huffs, "with, what was it, a taunt? 'Tony Stark not recommended'." She rolls her eyes. "You're actually lucky I have directives in case you did appear. Otherwise, had it been up to me..."
because he hasn’t slept right in the past week and a half? “I’m part of the Avengers, Steve, I’m coming.”
"--may have tipped her off that something was amiss. She said she thinks she saw something coming his way. Something bad."
He looks at the silver-plated watch in his pocket (not the old pocket watch, worn and so full of unhappy memories with each tick of the hands) and hauls it out of the small pouch by the black bands.
front. But for now, I’ve been warned by the Council that, thus far, Zemo has been silent. His last request—”
“Yeah,” Tony whispers hoarsely, letting his eyes drift closed, allowing Steve to press him back into the bed. Steve pulls out tenderly, watching Tony’s features for any pain or discomfort but Tony’s eyes remain firmly shut. Steve sighs, curls his body towards the nightstand and fetches the shirt that he had placed there last night in favor of sleeping shirtless.
Before he stops himself, Steve says "call me Steve". There's a terse moment of silence between them before Tony's lips quirk into a small smile.
“There is still information I will need,” Vision says carefully, “before I can give you anything with certainty. However, as the time has presented itself now rather than later, there is some… may I run something by you, Colonel Rhodes?”
And a single word:
They’re walking together and talking about more myths and Thor’s worry about his mother’s ailing health when everything stops.
, Ross?” Rhodey sits up, tilts his head. “Because, historically, Avengers and threats don’t end well.”
Closing his eyes, Tony pitches himself forward and feels his lips press harshly against Steve’s unresponsive, slightly parted lips. He fixes the kiss, moves back a scant half inch and relieves the pressure to a soft brush, a gentle kiss that says more than Tony could ever say in a lifetime.
“Steve,” Tony whispers numbly, bloodied hand clenching on the small, broken cube. “I’m sorry.” Tony’s steady hand moves slowly, skims along the hem of his musky shirt and begins to slide up the plains of his stomach. “I am so sorry, Steve” Tony repeats and Steve is silent and alarmed, completely thrown off.
Natasha watches the news play with muted words in the corner of a diner in Huntsville, Texas. The subtitles tell her it is the end of a press briefing of Stark Industries, the ticker reading something about Pepper Pots, CEO of Stark Industries Continuing Commitment to one thing or another. She has bleached her hair and cut it into a slanted bob-cut, swapped her clothes for tattered cargo pants and an olive tank top. With a backpack and a few days’ worth of grime on her, she looks like any other backpacker on the road.
Tony tries to say something, anything, but the only words that slip past his defenses are intelligible, quite possibly keyboard-smash jargon.
thing, stupid pompous pricks." Tony growls out and Steve hears the thud of his head hitting the door frame.
"Calm down, Captain Rogers, just lay down and take a few breaths. Everything is okay, they're just checking your health." The man says and his lips curl up into a little smile, pleased. Steve feels inclined to believe him, even for the moment. A voice that's further away says something and The man makes to leave but Steve's hand catches his wrist.
“I’m not offering you a quick morning fuck.” Tony takes a deep breath and swallows the need to laugh this off, pretend it was all part of a game but he’s gone too far to want to come back. He needs this. He wants it.
“There was a call for the Avengers but, since you didn’t come to the hangar, they sent me to find you. Imagine my surprise when I found you collapsed.” Steve’s following chuckle was dry and forced; Tony winced and sighed.
They leave.
“I can put a block, if you want,” Missouri smiles softly, taking Tony’s hand in her warm grasp. They’re at the front door, Tony on the threshold. It must be symbolic, Tony thinks numbly, being on this precipice of the strange and unusual, the fantastic and real and the madness that awaits outside.
name, away from more dangerous hands because he knew they were being used illegally, being
. The only blessing we had was that we were more aligned with the law than them. And look at where that lead us.” Tony doesn’t look up from where he is still tweaking the brace. “All of us. Vision is
and isn’t that just something out of a Ray Bradbury book? What. Steve reads on their off time, when the other Avengers aren’t going about being lousy scoundrels. “Master Tony has been having worse bouts of insomnia, spanning from five to six days per week for the past month. His eating habits have changed as well and he is currently consuming a total of two-thousand two hundred calories per day, which is odd for Master Tony. He sleep walks and suffers bouts of black outs that have lasted between two minutes to three hours. At these times he begins to speak to himself and create strange objects, always the same object.”
He shouldn’t have come alone. He should have brought someone to help, although considering their ranks he would be doing the heavier lifting anyway.
you power, because we both know that you are no match for me,” Loki grins, hand smoking as he removes the leather strap holding Thor’s head up. The god falls, a heavy, dead weight on Loki’s side but he quickly deposits him against the wall, eyes never leaving Enchantress’ eyes. “Come, then, show this
, Siberia, December 16
With a jolt, Tony understands his own folly.
“Yeah, and try to get me some information on what I was working on, If I asked you to save any holograms or schematics and the works, If I say anything out of the usual then mark that down, too.” Tony pauses for a moment, going over what he just ordered and nods. “Any interference, you get me, right?”
“This appeasement,” Vision begins, “does this mean that this so-called registration will be off the table, so to speak?”
And Fury can see it all. Can see where it went wrong, that Natasha had to know something that only Steve would know, and he had known, and... something happened, then, something with the death of Howard and Maria Stark thrown in the mix. And then violence, a fight. Something Natasha tried to warn Tony about and—
“You go for your comrade. Leave the rest to me. She has a relic that is beyond her control, beyond the control of any being. Do not try to fight her.”
"Hey Jarvis, any word on the hair follicles I brought you?" Tony pipes up, rolling across the floor to the main circular table in the center. Jarvis brings up a detailed diagram of the hair from the table and breaks it down into components for Tony to fully see.
People, Tony muses angrily, taking deep breaths, don’t tend to think in the long term, do they? Don’t try to think about the people left in their wake. He doesn’t remember Hank Pym very well, tries to remember the last time he was in a room with the senior and can only picture his daughter Hope. Hope, who’d only repeated ‘no comment’ the first few days Tony had been able to keep himself running despite everything.
and you do not hold a cure. The answers. I am not a killer nor a spy. I have nothing to give you and you have nothing to give
Steve’s hands burn when he touches the metal cuffs holding Tony down. When he recoils, though, he notices the angry red skin wrapping around Tony’s wrist in the surrounding space about the thick metal.
. It closed into another folder: Vienna Bombing.
I’m a fucking mess, you’re, you… look, I’m not saying that Rogers had a point, but I will say that… maybe if it had been flipped, if it had been you we were looking for… I would have razed everything to the ground and damn anyone that tried to get in my way.”
, all hell breaks loose.
Tony seemed to let off this arrogant front and in all brutal honesty he was just snarky, rude and flagrant in what it was he wanted; it was almost impossible to get any other words besides “egotistical” and “genius” (except from Fury, who seemed to have every word available to man synonymous to “narcissistic” and a broad study of psychology that he seamlessly attached to Stark without batting his eye) from anyone else.
. “Look man, if it’ll make you feel better then I’m all game, but your shaggy lookin’ ass is going to have to get some rest before we start looking—”
, but there’s just something wrong. Steve’s so lost in thoughts he doesn’t notice that he’s literally
“Remodeling has been done to fix the sub-levels, but the ground level is still a work in progress,” Vision reports, watching Tony sit up. “Colonel Rhodes has been residing in the East Wing, however,  and has maintained his strict physical therapy regime accordingly. I have calibrated his braces twice,” Vision pauses.
“Tony,” Steve breathes, hand releasing its hold to brush the man’s cheek, the damp trails he feels there and the final tear that lingers just on Tony’s cheekbone. “Why--?”
and if anyone knows him then they’d stop trying but—
The soldier flinches.
Tony is gone before the apple falls, before making his decision. What decision?—he doesn’t know.
“The Tesseract is a wondrous thing, young Steven.” Frigga interrupts, leaning forward while placing a soft hand against his neck. “I do believe this will be the first time it will have been used in mercy, for protection. Such an act will not leave it unaffected.” She pauses for a moment, as if waiting for a reply but none comes. “And if one were to bite into one of my goddess’  Golden Apple of Immortality, well, then there’s that. It may not be enough for everlasting life but it may be a great influence to the object that has just seen its first taste of a hero.” Frigga smiles as Steve twitches under her hand.
(See the end of the chapter for
He also knows how useless and destructive waking Tony up can be so Steve grabs a hold of the clenched fist, runs a hand through Tony’s sweat-matted hair and sighs.
“Sacrifices must be made. I am simply warning Anthony of these upcoming plights. I-I can’t--” Tony sees a wave of darkness rush through his vision and his body slumps forward. He can feel his body better than before, a tingling coursing through his veins, his muscles and sinking deep into his bones as Steve pulls his head up, speaking in a silent tongue.
it shouldn’t be possible to cover all of it. She will find a way. She needs to. Maybe someone on her travels will be able to help with this, to see if this was something that would return.
Someone hauls him away, drags him back on his feet.
“Ma’am, I--”
“Is that the--”
Tony falters. He looks at the apple, at the smooth texture of gold wrapped around this forbidden fruit; knowledge lays on his palm, innocuous and innocent. He can’t, he thinks, this is impossible, and when he opens his eyes he will run off to the street and take a long walk because
“I dream of smoke and fire; death and decay. I see the destruction of the world and the malice in the eyes of those that cause it.”
"You forgot about that," Pepper says, weary. "The others, they forgot about that. Maria Hill didn't. The SHIELD agents working security and in the private sector with all new identities didn't, either. Somehow, everyone's moral compass went out of whack and began to point 'Steve Rogers', and everything else outside was forgotten." Pepper looks less angry and simply world-worn. She deflates, just a bit, before taking those last few steps forward. Fury follows, silent.
She sneezes—once, twice, three times.
Steve shakes his head and clears the wave of fond nostalgia—a term not exactly associated with Steve Rogers and memories. Thinking back on the past, about Bucky and Peggy and Howard and the days that he had all but left behind hurt less this time around, the ever present ache in his chest that screamed that he didn’t belong, that
“Are you
in Siberia. He had expected Zemo to tell the entire sordid story. Preach it from his cell, proclaim it all to the world.
When the woman turns to Natasha, Natasha clears her throat. “Puedo ver?” she asks, motioning to the items. The woman gives an affirmative and Natasha slides off her stool to look at the trinkets better and with a finer eye for details.
I hope I tagged this as canon divergence 'cause. Well. Okay, I think Wanda was handled horribly, there was so much more they could have done with even JUST the Tesseract, and when I hear Infinity Wars, I want a whole lot more than like... three or four four-man squads as being the "focal" groups alright. Also, this is a shorter chapter than what I usually write. Just gonna throw that out there.
“And Viz, he… he turned to me. Like I had just been standing at the other end of the table, and he looked at me and said ‘our hands are tied, now. You must go’ and he… like time unfroze. He looked right at Stark and told Ross that we were in Sokovia.”
if he is to believe the time Jarvis has on display for him. He’s still going over his surprisingly articulate notes and diagnosing two weeks worth of lucid mad-rambling. It’s entertaining, sometimes, when he catches himself doing something fully-cogent Tony would do while being fully asleep (Jarvis has been processing brainwaves since week one, apparently) and the introduction or REM sleep while still being conscious is some seriously scary shit.
Tony Stark opens his eyes for the first time, five days after Nick Fury loomed over his unconscious form. He chokes on the thick tube down his throat and tears come to his eyes as the machines around him begin to beep uncontrollably. He thinks he hears someone running towards him, but by the time they make it he is falling under once more.
“You said that you were spoken to in a dream, and you’re psychic, and there’s a Valkyrie about…” Tony recaps and Missouri hums her agreement. “But there’s something else..?” Tony ventures and Missouri closes her eyes and nods. “About me?”
Laughter.
Tony won’t say that he jumped out of bed
“Jarvis?”
Steve gets up quickly, dusting off his hands on his pants. There hadn’t been too much they could take before T’Challa had swapped into silence, but at least the few amenities had been worthwhile. He climbs down to where a few scattered bottles of water are littered with rotting chips and stale food. The smell is somewhere between rot and destruction.
“Tony, we, I just--”
“I get it, man,” Rhodey says, “there is a lot you’re gonna have to move around, man. I got this. What do you think, Viz, two days, tops? I’ll make it back in time for some PT and then I’ll get down to my part of the plans and the nitty-gritty. Sounds fair, right? Two days. You rest up, you practice your,” Rhodey flaps a hand towards Tony’s chest, “thingy, and then we get down to business.”
So he’s not hiding or trying to do anything of the sort; Tony is simply
“And I do not do well in health, young Stark.” The voice replies, teasing. “I bring you to my lands, the land of my offerings, in hope that you will understand at last. My all-seeing eyes have seen the future, but they have also seen the past. Will you stand up to Madness and Death? Or shall the world perish in quake and fire?”
There’s a murmur of assent as Peter joins Natasha in the helicopter; Thor nods and gets ready to leave as Steve turns to Tony.
was hampered by the stronger sense of acceptance found in each easy, slightly lopsided grin; in each awfully hidden chuckle; in each friendly jostle, each awkward embrace; each time their eyes met; each time they
Her arm jerks up and Loki spares Thor a glance, lets himself take in the image of his brother safe before looking back at Amora and the gun she levels at him.
Loki personally knows the feeling, the feeling of the Tesseract running through your veins, tugging at your muscles, your mind. It’s a rush of adrenaline and crippling fear, to have so much power, so much
, Tony wants to shout out.
Each step is agony. There’s a shard of the Tesseract embedded in his bicep, a steady stream of blood dribbling down the length of his arm, gently dripping from his finger tips and onto the floor.
When they dipped down into a parking structure, Fury finally spoke.
He couldn’t stop the words before they had left him. After a two minute verbose tirade on the enigma that was Tony Stark to
“Tony.”
Tony opens the door anyway, ushers Vision in with a flourish.
For some inexplicable reason, Tony wakes up from the hallucination in the exact position he was before he spaced out. It’s sure as hell a move up from spontaneous collapsing, though so who is he to complain? Not a lot of time has passed, either; the time of the videos still playing is only about five to six minutes ahead of where he had left off.
he doesn’t say, but Vision hears it nonetheless, “had been Dr. Selvig. And the only person, the one with less exposure but longer than most… was Clint Barton.”
, smugness, too, on top of everything. Rhodey turns to Tony while patting his own chest with a quick shake of his head.
He’s riding shotgun to someone running his body. It kind of reminds him of the whole Loki incident, the way Clint explained seeing everything and not being able to move. Each hit and each swing was painful and he couldn’t stop. He couldn’t do a damn thing.
In the room of a somewhat-destroyed home in Sokovia, Sam Wilson places a damp towel on Wanda’s forehead. She has been delirious and feverish for some time now. In another room, Clint sits with Scott as they discuss the materials they’ve scavenged and how to continue building without Wanda’s telekinesis. Steve is out still gathering what he can from ruins, taking note of what areas are being cleared for hospitable housing.
with Cap.” Peter sighs and falls forward, mushing his face, and ensuing complaints, into the cushion.
“Tony!” Steve grins, but the smile falters when Tony mutters a low ‘sorry’ and moves the cuff quickly, the chains rattling obscenely in the ensuing silence only to click into place.
When Thor grabs him and forces him onto the platform and Selvig shouts," I hope this works!" as they're engulfed in a bright blue light, well, Steve thinks he might have to reconsider his thoughts on the scientist.
from the States, there was also something else.
The voice laughs.
“Your watch will be ready upstairs,” Tony finally says, “I’ll make sure Vision takes it to the hangar to you. I suggest giving your legs a break for now and taking the wheel chair for at least a few hours.”
She sees the scepter. In her mind, Baron Wolfgang von Strucker is whispering in her ear words she cannot hear but feels. The scepter glows ominously. The Hydra Agent that was sitting across from her at the table looks startled. He speaks to her, too, shouts that she recognizes but can't hear. He looks at Strucker, and Strucker speaks to him in a language Wanda doesn't understand. The Agent, angry but mollified, sits once more although each angle of his strained body screams tension. Wanda wipes the tears from her eyes as Strucker motions with his hand at the Agent once more. He moves back, back, and Wanda notes distantly that with the scepter activated somehow from a distance she can still feel the extra presence in the room.
the hero. Without the help of the Asynjur’s male counterpart, especially after I marked Antony to be mine in the afterlife, I had a limited roster of Goddesses to help me” She pauses, presses her other hand against Steve’s cheek. “I know it hurts now, Steven, but Tony did everything for you, in the end. His conviction and love for you and your teammates and the world was much greater than his contempt for all the negative aspects he has ever seen. His love for you was far more powerful than Amora’s desire for my son.”
He wants Steve.
For the first time in two whole weeks, Steve lets himself fall apart. She holds him gently as he cries for the first time, as her words begin to soothe the wounds that bled so much, that tore open each day a little more.
“Paranoid.” Tony says, but Ross simply continues with a roll of his eyes.
It still feels a little like getting left behind, though. He follows T’Challa and Nakia mindlessly, missing the awed expressions of those around him.
“I’ve, I mean, not intimately, or anything, but I think I’ve seen something like this before,” Scott says after a few seconds. He walks closer to Sam and becomes a light presence by his side. Sam thinks he can smell him getting closer and sighs again.
By the time Steve finds the attention to come back to the predicament Tony sighs and closes his eyes, the sight of them turning back into their natural color from the strange concoction of sapphire and emerald from before is comforting and frightening all in one. Tony’s body slumps forward and Steve remains still, shell-shocked and confused.
“A hero is not a winner; not the victor of a battle,” The voice points out. “A legacy does not make a hero; the situation does. I know you, Young Stark. In my arms are the souls of a million soldiers lost at war and they are not all heroes. A hero does not have to be heroic, nor honest; not all martyrs are heroes.”
Howard—
"They are wolf hairs, Sir, of a sort," Jarvis starts, "they're much longer than a regular wolf's fur but when dealing with this current predicament it's clear that the distinction should not be of immediate import. The threads you have also had me analyze seem to be made of a strange organic material, impenetrable by any kind of metal here on earth yet seemingly fragile. I have also run an image analysis on the tree and have linked it with Yggdrasil, the Asgardian Tree of Life that extends its branches and roots to the other worlds, as it is said.”
If someone from Asgard is trying to wipe out a whole populace, well, Tony knows where to go with his questions.
Wanda opens her eyes. Scott is listening to Steve as Steve relays what is going on outside: Clint is strengthening the signal while Sam talks to someone in the headset; so far and no longer using the main speaker, it is harder for Steve to listen but apparently it is good news.
, always have; so see now, see
“I don’t—there’s his voice that’s talking to me, some woman and she- she shows me these things and, god, they’re disgusting, they’re absolutely horrible and I can’t tell if it’s real or a nightmare or what the hell is going on but I can’t do it. There’s a savior that’s supposed to arise from all of this and I don’t know what the hell I am doing.” Tony snorts but the sound is shallow. “So there. You heard it from the horse’s mouth and all.” Tony grins and Steve turns, his eyes so full of emotion. It’s his paparazzi smile, Steve thinks, and well if that isn’t fucked up.
“Hmm?” Tony turns, startled. “Twice what?”
of being asked about Scott-goddamn-idiot-too-dumb-for-his-own-good-Lang, about bullshit like the Sokovia Accords, and if he has to hear the last name Stark one more time, on top of the most recent four AM move—
of all people, Steve was left a little flushed and embarrassed—well, more than usual. He had claimed that he would be the one to decide who Tony Stark was and said, in a stern voice, that “Tony kind of reminds me of Howard, but those similarities are the greatest difference between them; it’s like… the more they’re alike, the more they aren’t” and that was when he had stopped talking.
“I’ll be fine. Go up ahead; need to, uh… restore the system for the armor so that I can walk out of here in more than a torn up shirt and some old jeans, looks bad for team publicity.” Tony mutters as he sits up, clicking the gauntlets back into place. Steve nods, replaces his cowl and sluggishly steps to the gaping doorway and into the hall.
“That would be most appreciated, Master Rogers”
“I know who you are”
"Stupid fucking billionaire
“I wasn’t very much
he learned that from
The morning comes in with slow observations and sensory information; there are no lights in the room other than the ever present dull, white-blue shine of the arc reactor. Just below eye level, a furnace wrapped tightly across his back and a distinct lack of blankets that leaves him just this side of chilly.
but not enough to
“Any leads,” Ross corrects, “as an act of good faith. So we know that the… Avengers that remained do, in fact, show loyalty to their country and not loyalty in their fugitive members.”
“I swear it’s not--” Tony starts and Steve’s incredulous huff throws him off. “I don’t know.” He pauses. “Is that what you want to hear? I don’t know. Hank doesn’t know—he says that the only change in my physical reactions is a little disorientation. I don’t know what the hell is going on with me.” Tony’s teeth are gritting and he straightens up, fists clenched and shaking at his sides.
“Don’t make that face, you’re too young to have an
“They only wish to return to Asgard, for they know not that this corruption of land is simply society to you Midgardians. Somehow they slipped into a portal and brought here, they will stand down until they may return to their rightful territories.” Thor’s voice booms, carefully and a little bit hesitant but joyous nonetheless. Tony pauses for a second as he nears Peter’s signal. There’s an old Theatre that’s being covered by a tumbled over tree that’s on fire, the fire dancing across the log like a bunch of gypsies, far too big for a simple wood fire.
“I know,” Steve had rasped, “and when they find a way—”
"Are you proud of me now?"
So, established: Hank Pym
“—y?”
, you let us know,” Clint took a step closer, placed his hand on the crook of Steve’s arm. Steve looked up and they met eyes. “Anything, Steve. We deserve to know.”
All they had left of Zemo’s motivation’s were recordings T’Challa had given the Council.
“Antony! The night with the armor made of iron, what possesses you to speak through the invisible receiver directly to my own person?”
“I can, can we do this later?” Tony whispers, still sore and aching. “Not trying to be so dismissive but my shoulder feels like it wants to expulse the bone through the muscle and skin and, yeah,
Tony’s sensors report a sudden drop in temperature and he takes a cautious step back as the Landvættir all tapered by, sliding past the door and down the small isle towards the portal. They all seemed to turn their heads and hiss as they made to enter the portal. She turned towards them slightly, crying out:
“I swear to god, Tony, I will get you out”
Jarvis is going through as many video feeds as metaphysically possible, looking for hide or hair of Enchantress. Hopefully Amora will pop up before the end of the night or, if nothing, Tony manages to finish his project.
(See the end of the chapter for
This is a game you will always lose." Pepper closes her eyes once more, and Fury takes the time to observe. Deliberate. Calculate. She looks like Tony, actually, a bit, like she's been running on high performance and hasn't been putting in the support for it. Slightly pale, a little sweaty. Crying, definitely. Not defeated, though, with the strong set of her shoulders and her eyes remaining fierce.
“Tony! You’re awa--” And Tony can’t help but feel a wave of relief when Steve’s face drops into something more akin to confused, then panic and finally closes off completely. “Who are you? What did you do to Tony!” Steve commands, his grasp tightening on Tony’s wrist.
Tony’s draped across half of the couch in the living room, clad only in sweatpants and an old worn band t-shirt. His entire guise leaks nonchalance, a dispassionate timidity that somehow whispers “overlooked, unnoticed, disregarded” yet Tony is simply a man that demands to be seen, to be listened and respected; his presence demands attention.
Rhodey throws his hands up as he slowly ambles towards the same couch Tony is lying on. The braces along his legs give a slight whirr-click when he sits, legs flat and stretched out. Rhodey’s knee—brace and all, knocks into Tony’s in a motion too deliberate to be accidental.
“Now, my son, I believe it’s time for you to return home.”
(See the end of the chapter for
"Force of...habit." Tony grinds out between clenched teeth, looking up at the sky rather than at Steve,
She’s crying, says to him:
Eight nights. It’s been eight nights in a row that, despite his typical overworking and overthinking mind that overrides the need for sleep, he can’t even take a nap, can’t sleep even when the fatigue is bone deep and mind numbing.  It’s more or less due to the hellish, frightening images that burn themselves into his memories, linger in the shadows. There’s the voice, gentle and earnest and vexed that speaks to him, pleas to him and he can’t understand what it wants, what he should do.
Tony closes his eyes when the sound of clicking heels begins to echo towards him.
The plan doesn’t work exactly as Tony thought it would.
Outside of an old, dilapidated warehouse, Steve and Loki wait. Steve looks down at his own red-gloved hands, tests the durability of his already worn-in uniform, and sends the Asgardian a long side-glance. It’s been almost 36 hours, almost 4 in the afternoon, and Steve’s beyond anxious now.
“I get that you want to understand what’s going on, why St-Rogers chose he path he did.” Rhodey taps on Tony’s forehead, getting the other man’s attention. Tony puts down the small metal bits in his hands and looks up at Rhodey from his crouch between his legs. “But you flew a nuke into space because you knew It was the only way. You went out alone and destroyed all those weapons Stane was selling under the table. Understand this,
“I can do that,” Fury agrees, turning around. He looks at the limbs, the headless mannequins. Even without heads, he feels ominously watched. Judged. “Anything else I should keep my eye on?”
“Tony, there’s a lot you’re not telling us. Not telling
does not go unnoticed. Unperturbed, Fury raises a solitary eye brow.
cause.
“I am flying blind here,” the voice says with a hint of mirth, “but I am not here to access secrets of the princess of Wakanda. I have… something for you.”
It would be smart to call Xavier or Frost, ask them for their prognosis but Charles is stuck somewhere back in time with Magneto and Frost is over at Russia doing her whole scary blonde lady that can melt your brain with a sneeze-routine.
They’re somewhere on the outskirts of a small, New York city. The people in the town number somewhere in the thousands, all knowing of their neighbors in such an enclosed, small space.
“I’ll show her how
Barnes had been digging his hand into the arc reactor, other hand grinding his face into the wall and all Tony could see was—
“What do you care?” Amora spits out, staggering to the door heading into the other room. “All these times you’ve come to linger in Midgard, you have never once tried to
She spilled the contents and her wrist lit up: videos, schematics, and notes all neatly organized into a single file called B.A.R.F. Other files began to stack, more videos, images; a report she could only briefly see, note-worthy for the signature on the bottom.
It takes only a second for Steve to be beside Tony’s writhing form, worry laced in each crevice of his being. He’s still a little damp from washing the dishes, a little wrung out from the earlier battle and the adrenaline is still pumping through his body when he finally starts to calm down. It seems that his original hypothesis is true; Tony whimpers and curls into himself for a split second before groaning painfully, eyes moving quickly under his tightly shut lids. It looks like he wants to scream or cry or shout but the body isn’t responding to the mind’s messages.
“—least we
“Everything is okay, Tony. Everything is good. Please, wake up. Wake up…”
Silence resounds in the small room before Tony grudgingly answers.
“Iron--”
Vision smiles, a soft and fleeting thing before he looks at Tony. “I must… travel, in order to prove something. Something that may, perhaps, be vital to what will come. It may also provide many answers to many people. However, to do so I will need to leave to London to find a scientist.”
Fury knows. Pepper would have just walked away, protected by Stark's gadgets and computers.
you tell me?” Tony starts and the psychic ushers him to sit. She sits across from him silently, simply watching him with those dark eyes.
“I will
“Now I
Peter’s working with Jarvis an hour after the two Avengers went missing, trying to find a basis for finding Amora. Steve is stuck simply waiting; pacing about the mission room and waiting for a sign, for any show of the villainess’ visage to reappear.
There are some things that are harder to shake than others, and after enough time running with people that could fly, that transcended time had burned this into her bones. These people had sat down for a late morning at a diner, just like this, and thirteen people had been absorbed into the rolling mass of… whatever it was that spilled over the city and devoured buildings like a massive wave.
Loki’s body disappears and the shard of the Tesseract goes flying into the wall. Thor grunts as his body hits the ground again and Loki is there I a blink, his clone long  in the air. “Brother?” Thor rumbles and Loki grins.
Past and the future. Steve told Tony,
Pepper tries to snort and makes an odd sound at the back of her throat somewhere between the
Tony is ogling at something on the work table, an uncharacteristically animated, chipper Bruce beside him. The two are so close their shoulders are bumping, their elbows keep jostling and bright laughter echoes in the grand room, drowning out the usual whirling-clicking-humming of the machines. Bruce nervously runs a hand through his hair and huffs out a little laugh as Tony quirks a grin. The two seem awfully calm and chummy, completely oblivious to the frozen Super-Soldier that's standing in the doorway.
It’s them. Tony and Steve sitting on the hard hospital bed, Tony’s helmet on his lap and Steve’s hands are on his shoulder. Even in his mind, Tony can feel the dull ache of the chemical agent; no form of acid, for sure, and the burns are superficial. Must have been made to specifically go through his armor, then; the scald is just a product of the compound’s exothermic reaction with the armor.
Always ice. Steve wonders if this is just something that will follow him forever. Cold and silence and something that drowns but doesn’t kill.
But that had been it. He was getting ready to tell them about—Siberia, Buck’s choice, T’Challa, and then Wanda had gone to rest and hadn’t woken up for longer than a few minutes
“It. Yeah, yeah, that’s probably for the best.” Tony looks at Rhodey’s incredulous expression before giving an affronted look, “first of all, I need sleep, and a shower, and to never,
It goes
“He is strong though, and in the end… I am glad it was him. I am glad he
“I just, I--
Loki, by now, is tuning them out, focusing only on trapping Amora in his newly made pet.
“Any word on Enchantress yet?” Tony groaned as the necessity to fully rouse from the sinful comfort of the bed increased.
, sir. Would you like me to start on breakfast? The rest of the house-mates are up and awake at the moment.”
The cube shudders.
He’d fought them. Had turned and smacked Steve across he face, taken Barnes and… but he’d tried to stop Steve. And—Steve, with three punches, had disabled his flight ability, had chosen Barnes—
, we’ll have a serious talk about your health habits and that’s that.” Steve states, in that ‘I’m Captain America, you better listen to what I say (or suffer the consequence of my disappointed stare)’ tone and, seriously now, that look should be
“Steve, I don’t
“Is that what you are?” Ross retorts, “Avengers?”
There, on the counter of his workshop table, a letter. In the pocket of his sweats, a phone he would never use.
At least, he generally would be if he could get what Pepper Potts said out of his head.
“I am fine with whatever,” Wanda says breathlessly, “I am going back.”
Rhodey doesn’t respond but selects a watch that suits his tastes.
; he hadn’t expected the way Ross would automatically hone in on Siberia and crucify Tony in front of the Accords council during his hearing.
, and then ran off on a mission of his own. The past and the future. Somewhere there’s a whisper of a memory, of Steve standing with the ruins of Tony’s betrayal, promising
When Tony opens his eyes he feels like he’s seeing through a cloud of haze; someone else’s’ heavily prescribed lenses that cover his visage. There are fields of cotton in his mind just filling up the spaces and when he turns his head he can’t feel it; doesn’t feel the muscles pull and stretch, doesn’t feel the bones moving when he starts to sit up.
Maybe it’s worse than death, remaining to walk across the charred remains of pastures; the rubble of large cities or the scrapped remains of a once great civilization have become the mass graves of humanity. Nature is either running rampant or completely obliterated in areas and roses and vines rise in reparation, like flowers on a grave, through old sidewalks and crawl up high, abandoned skyscrapers.
“Yeah. Get ready to suit up, I’ll be a minute.”
It didn’t feel like a predator out-waiting their prey. It looked like someone... trying to find the time. The perfect time.
They fade away into oblivion. All that exists in this moment, for right now is Steve’s warmth, the hot, slick kisses and the explosive pleasure crackling up their spines, exploding as fireworks in their mind.
“Twenty minutes, then. I’ll call Foster to let her know to expect us, it’s, what, eleven over there? If she’s anything like any other scientist I know, she’ll be up and running still.”
“It’s ‘Time Enough At Last’,” Tony shouts out, eyes not once leaving the bright screen on his lap.
she thinks, as Clint continues. “Must be nice to have such a low price for your soul, I guess.”
“Wretched
“So I was right. It
Hank hates that look, hates the tension in her shoulders.
“Yes, Captain?”
“I’m feeling fine, ‘oh that’s good to hear’ thank you so much,” Tony rasps as Vision hands him a cup of water with a little straw poking out. “I take it everything went… well?” Tony asks after a pause to drink.
“You want to understand why… why Lang just came. Why the same guy that robbed the facility and made Sam look like an idiot would just pop into your suit and try to take you down.”
“Where, then?” Sam asks, finally looking to his left to meet Scott’s gaze. Wanda murmurs something in her fitful rest and her eyes move rapidly even in sleep.
Tony walked over the doorway, over the last remnants of the glass doors, and made his way to the main lobby, eying the concession stands and the two branching hallways. He smirked and followed the dark passage with the glimmering webbing hanging from the archway. He kept going further down, his suit seeing through the thick darkness, following the web residue left behind by Peter’s canisters.
“And if he finds them?” Rhodey argues back, “if he comes back with some hint of Siberia, it won’t be so easy to try to fix.”
There was a moment of silence, followed by a few seconds of battling.
“Salvation.” Tony breaths and that far off look is back into his hazy teal eyes—eyes that don’t shine with humor, the lack of honey chocolate making them further from human. Those eyes near and Steve can’t react when Tony’s lips are against his own, soft and slightly dry and pressing closer, slotting neatly against his own with a tilt of his head.
is going to die to save the world isn’t the bitterest pill Tony has to swallow. It’s the idea that he would do it,
“And if he
“Honeybear,
“A mother soothes her child; a brother foes wild. Who can save the world but the one that destroys it?” She smiles gently now, eyes glowing violet. “The hero is not one who fights, but one who doesn’t submit.”
He thinks Loki might have left already. Thor is leaning heavily on Steve’s side, murmuring answers to the voices.
He’s just, it’s too much, way too much, and having Steve looking at him, kissing him,
A woman opens the door, kind looking and a little plump, mahogany skin and all-knowing eyes. She sighs and takes a step back, widens the door space and motions with her head. “I know what you’re thinkin’, Mister Stark, and if you’re gonna be here in my little city, well, it’s good to know what we’re dealin’ with. I think you’ll probably have more answers for me than answers I will have for you.” The woman beckons again. “Names Missouri, now get your behind in here so we can get my city settled. We don’t like no disturbances, ya’ hear, and I’m tired of these loud beings taking up my airspace.”
“Connect to Thor” Tony directs as he dodges some buildings and trees.
“…nah,” Tony says at least, putting the pin between his lips to shift another fragment of the brace. “I juss wunna no wha ails iss au-dere.” He slots the pin back into a different slot. “All of this information was just…. Out there. And Zemo may have had a single-minded purpose to find whatever he needed, but he is not the only one.”
There’s an explosion of light from the other side of the debris, and Steve struggles, tries to find a way to get through but Loki is grabbing his arm, dragging him out.
Loki snaps out of his reverie as Tony shouts out his name. In less than a second Loki is twisting his body around Thor’s, just as the bigger Asgardian lurches forward in an attempt to protect Loki from the click of the gun.
There’s the glow of the arc reactor, though, giving them a dim glow, painting Steve in an almost ethereal light. Tony shudders and digs his nails into Steve’s shoulder, closing his eyes.
“—idea, really. Just gotta change out of these get-ups, lay low for a bit. There’s a chance Stark will still be after us, or Ross, and although they are the reason why the Accords are there in the first place, well, no one would really look for us there. At least for now, so we can regroup enough and figure out what we’ll do next.” Clint surmises. Scott looks at Clint for a brief second, his mouth shutting as if he was
“Spiderman!” Tony shouts as Peter kicks off the ceiling and lands precariously on his hind legs, hunched forward. He’s up to the first isle already, hand splayed open and ready to fire just in case. “Back-up is on the way; they should be arriving momentarily.” He asserts and Peter nods; lack of names should be prominent by now, judging by what Loki had said.
for what seems like the longest while. His eyes dart to each smile, each hand gesture and most critically, where ever they
Using his phone, Tony scans the room and takes a sample of the pile of thread resting against the wall at the base of the tree-chalk outlined and the fragments of some kind of animal hair that dusts the floors.
“Not yet, sir. We have had some accidental sightings but she seems to be moving rather quickly and in no recognized pattern as of yet. Master Stevens, as you have lain awake for several minutes, would you like me to get your coffee in progress as well?”
Tony feels a little more than human when he finally returns to the basement workshop. He’d managed to wash off without wetting or irritating his chest and changed into warmer clothes before finally relenting and returning. Rhodey is already there, talking to Friday with three wrist watches projected next to him.
just a little tired--”
"You... are taking me to Stark," Fury clarifies, confused.
And, well, he doesn’t want to hear it anyway.
“—I’m
“Where’s Tony?”
Vision stares ahead, through the driver and into some other sacred place of his own. “I can sense Wanda.”
That… that wasn’t the sink this time.
“What does Amora want with it?” Steve asks, clenching and unclenching his fist behind his shield.
Sorry for the maudlin Steve. It's gonna hurt before there's some comfort... and the universe is far more expansive than we know.
“Of course I am; I notice everything you do!” Steve shouts back in retaliation. There’s a light flush on his cheeks but when
Natasha sighs and lowers the receipt into her left pocket, picking up her napkin as she does so. When she places her napkin on top of her plate, the Waitress walks by and offers Natasha her check unless she would like anything else on the menu. Natasha thanks her as she picks up the plate and utensils from the countertop.
Tony’s eyes scrunch together and he tries to keep his heart from beating too loudly.
Like Pepper knew something he didn't.
Tony, and not one
A gruff voice is cutting the air, demanding answers.
“Esta bien si lo toco?” Natasha asks and the woman chews on the question before responding. Natasha needs to feel the material, find out if this woman
Tony struggled against his invisible restraints, felt a swell of anxiety and feebleness settle in the core of his being and continued to fight each movement. He watches as he sits up fully, his hand moving forward in slow jerks and finally extends fully. That’s when a strong, warm hand grips his wrist and a impossibly relieved Captain comes into his view.
cast just outside with no way of speaking to any of them he was-was—
“Tony,” Steve motions at the second screen, the one still moving,” What the hell is going on? What
“—it needs to be soon, though, because you guys need to be leaving in the morning, and someone needs to give Foster a heads up or Darcy is going to have some fun tazing people, and I need to catch up with the Spiderling before Queens gets under attack by another weird animal, like a python princess or a porcupine or something. And that’s by tonight,” Tony says, low and rushed. “So meet me in the lab maybe... twenty minutes?”
Slowly, so nerve-wrenchingly slowly, Tony turns eyes unsure. Steve breathes in sharply, opens his mouth and—
(See the end of the chapter for
Nothing good could come of that.
“Tony!” Someone shouts and Tony jumps, has a little moment where he’s suspended in a violent, defensive mind-set before realizing that a) he’s not in bed, b) he’s in his lab, no longer looking over this desolate landscape and c) Steve is looking fretful and fearful,  kneeling beside Tony’s head with a warm hand on his shoulder.
“Alright, alright,” Rhodey concedes, “you don’t get to say things like that while looking like hell and expect me not to cave, man, that’s just not right. I call emotional blackmail on that one but because you look so—”
Don’t do it.
“I could sense her presence, yes, much more keenly than others. And it was less fear than…” Vision thinks for a second, searching for words. “How Natasha instinctively looks for exits. The way you break down and rebuild, at least in your mind, the technology around you. Safety. Comfort.”
Tony’s almost physically incapable of handling it.
Tony’s voice whispers in Steve’s mind,
, at least there
At least when he was younger he’d had his mother and he’d had Bucky. And-and he should be grateful to the
“Gracias,” she says and she turns to walk to the bar at a reasonable pace. The woman is making her rounds to the booths first, then the tables. Natasha hasn’t noticed that she hasn’t touched any of her food until the woman goes up to the bar. Natasha turns a bit as she asks the woman next to Natasha. Her cart has extra metal bars running across the handles: the top has rosaries of black stone, the second with necklaces wrapped just enough for about an inch of jingle space with small black stones pierced through with a metal bit that holds it as a pendant; all around the bottom are zip-tied bottles of fine black ash, all presumably from the mound just yards away.
Steve huffs and shakes his head with a fond little glint in his eyes, disbelieving. “You’re not funny, Tony.” Steve gives a little quirk of his lips and Tony feels that little spark look to ignite. “Well, what if I’m not adverse to either?” Steve’s grin is nothing but filthy and Tony kind of wants to rub himself against it. Preferably naked.
“There are the Norns at the well of Urd, based on the root in my home of Asgard,” Thor replies hesitantly, as if pondering his own answer. “Your mortal equivalent of Fates, I suppose, three crones that would spin the thread of life of each living thing—plants, people, animals and the likes. Battle brother,” Thor boomed, “why do you ask?”
Oh hello, Tony. Hello, Steve.
-Tony Stark. Tony mumbles to himself before leaving the room entirely.
that he hadn't noticed had more in common than he'd like to admit.
Steve looks weary. His hair if ruffled from the flight, his eyes are a little dull and glazed over as he spaces out and his hands move slowly to gently put down Tony’s limp body. The sigh he lets out is tired in a decidedly different way and the look he gives Tony is different than the furtive little glances he catches on the outskirts of his peripheral vision, different than the worried stares, annoyed eye-rolls and the braver looks Steve has ever given him.
. There are a few topics never broached, never thought twice about and the Thor-Loki pseudo incestuous love-hate relationship is probably somewhere on the top five. Sadly, the list is fairly extensive.
Fury had taken to be a warning
I will
Silence fills the room. Rhodey bites his tongue to swallow the questions he wants to ask, but Ross. Ross smirks. Grins. Nods.
) and His posture was relaxed, his entire body radiating comfort and peace and Steve wished he had something at hand to try and even recreate that kind of serenity--
“We will leave that for tomorrow. As it is, we are very exhausted, and you all look the way you smell.” T’Challa throws one last grin before turning, expecting them to all follow. “Tomorrow will come, everyone. Please, rest at least for now.”
“You claimed to want to return home, Amora, do not think I do not know what it is you truly want. You want
It’s beside the point. There are certain steps that must be taken now, certain thing that Tony has to do before his time is up, hopefully before everyone’s time is up. For starters, finding Amora would be priority. Keeping Loki and Thor safe would be second, finding a way to contain the catastrophic energy of the Tesseract, the same power that had destroyed part of Asgard and created weapons of mass deterioration.
He should have put more attention.
“—ony!”
After three doors slammed in their face and walking past a polite but equally harsh sign signaling that no,
Vision hesitates. “All information points to ‘yes’ but I fear it was… different to what we have been led to believe. Although some part of the stone would instinctually reach out, it seemed not to do so in comfort but… in self-preservation. A consistent need to know where she was.”
“You and Steve are just the same—”
Somewhere in his mind he can hear the voice come back, whisper into the air her ancient wisdom and the prophetic words that have haunted him.
He stood for a moment, inexplicably nervous, a sinking feeling growing in his stomach and the words that came to his mind where far-off, like from a distant memory or a half-remembered dream.
“—absolutely no way. Sorry, the chemicals can burn straight away to the bone; I’m not taking my shirt off.” Tony grinds out blandly.
God, he can feel his own heart breaking. He can feel everything just slamming into him, months of denial and friendship so intertwined it was hard to try, too risky but Steve isn’t running away or punching him in the face so things are going good so far.
“They do, Steve, and now they will come.” Wanda closes her eyes. Squeezes the bottle in her hand. She can still feel the two men, though, knows they are looking at each other in bafflement. “And we only have enough time to leave before they start imagining a trail.”
It hurts, god, the pain is
In London, shoved beneath a pile of blankets in a spare room in Jane Foster’s apartment, Dr. Erik Selvig sneezes a whopping four times in a row. He looks around in a daze, but the light from outside shows no dust floating in any break of darkness from the blinds. Nothing but the falling mist of his sneezes.
At exactly 8:21
Tony reads up on all the history he can as he ratchets up his repulsers to get there faster. He tried to calculate the amount of time he had readily available to spend meandering through the street, interrogating people and maybe paying a visit to the residential psychic. He’d have about three to four hours at most, especially if anything started to happen in the immediate area or if the Avengers would be needed.
And that is more than enough for Steve as he lets out this punched out, almost wounded whine and smashes their lips together, sends them both tumbling back onto the carpet.
Vision gambles with the truth.
“Your Iron Man is in the second room; be wary, Amora is most adept at traps and snares. When you enter, forgo the first room with my brother. I will unbind him from Amora’s entrapment. You will go for your comrade and leave both Thor and Enchantress to me.” Loki doesn’t turn from the building, intense emerald gaze focused on the rotting wood. His Midgardian clothing looks almost uncomfortable for such a mission, tight black slacks, a black coat and green scarf; in almost a blink the clothes are melting, distorting until the Asgardian is dressed in golden metal armor, in his traditional battle garb.
Steve doesn’t ask about Bucky. As it is, he understands that Shuri is doing her best, and if Buck really wanted to reach out it would be incredibly simple with the remote bracelet she’d given him.
Loki looks up, coughing as Amora encroaches on his prone form. She’s a bundle of aggressive, irrational energy and the power of the Cosmic Cube to back it. Loki knows, logically, that he has a minimal chance of escaping alive or unharmed but damned if he won’t get Thor the hell out of here. He hasn’t caught sight of Captain America with his captive friend and knows, somehow, that things are starting to unravel fast here.
and if someone was a user they’d have to get clean…” Scott wipes a weary hand across his face. Sam turns back to Wanda, to her ashen complexion, the tattered blankets weighing her down despite the fever, how she wakes up cold and delirious.
“One, for sure, is the Taskforce. I guess Ross thinks he can spare a van or two without the US government catching whiff, but the other… I’m guessing ex-SHIELD, we haven’t caught them on camera; they haven’t gone into the property, either.”
about the adverse effects that World War II
The building was vacated for ten years, Tony knows, and was condemned to be demolished for the following month.
It's not "Captain".
But this… the morbid teasing, speaking Tony’s language, it felt good.
, bodies, bones and buildings because they were too late, the attack had happened too soon and everything is falling apart around them like a fragile glass ceiling with too many nicks and cracks where it has gone to the point of no return; the small shards are jagged and sharp and they each fall at the pin-drop of the pinnacle of each incident and explosion; each laceration, each gash in their exposed flesh is the price paid for each casualty for they are bare to the pain of the world.
Natasha trains her face to relax. She probably looked
Tony shrugs. “I like to know my wildcards. I hadn’t expected them to go fugitive instead of just… leaving Scott out to hang. I didn’t do my research well enough, I guess.”
“Tony.” Steve repeats and he is slightly startled by the flinch that shifts him atop of Tony’s body. “Tony,” Steve whispers, leaning forward,” please, just look at me.”
“I was not the first but surely the last; took up the mission when I was asked. Mother Æsir had failed in her endeavor, left her health waning and worse than ever.” Idonae sighs, sullen. “It is a great task she has bequeathed to you; her spell had been foiled and couldn’t be started anew. I took the liberty of bringing you here.” Idonae looks up and her eyes are the same intense blue from before, the color so familiar and so comforting at once, though Tony can’t put a name to them.
The city of Laurence, Kansas is a quiet one, despite a tumultuous history and some odd-goings.  The greatest threat to their little communal peace was a family fire back in the late eighties and a supposed haunting a good few years later.  There’s a residential market, a few old school Mama’s and Papa’s type stores and a community psychic,
excused by the Accords Committee. You’ll find that the United States government is not quite as lenient and more than weary. Without the proof of what happened in Siberia, and with Stark here going AWOL for a bit, well. Call us paranoid—”
He accepts her strange apology in a wave of sensation. Something’s odd. She wants to show him something, he can feel it, like a slight tugging at the back of his mind.
ENGINEER, and if SOMEONE
But I'm not the one you want to talk to," Pepper chirps up, her demeanor shifting into professionality. "You wish to speak to Mr. Stark. Come," she says, standing up and turning her back without noting if fury was really following her orders.
This time, When Idonae hands Tony the golden fruit, he raises it to his lips and bites, the indentation of teeth giving way to the exposed cream-white interior of the fruit.  A question plays on his lips, a silent inquiry his companion answers with a smile and a tear.
“Yeah, Amora, she got away when she struck you in the shoulder with god knows what kind of acid, when we came in she threw it, it popped, you just kind of stood there and hen Peter tried to attack back she disappeared into the wall.”
Natasha hasn’t left Pepper’s side.
there
There’s something inexplicably odd in the air this late morning, something out of place that doesn’t belong. Steve sighs as he clenches the edge of the sink, muscles pulled taut and tense across the broad expanse of his back. The cotton white shirt is stretched to the seams, the fabric stretched to its limits. Steve runs a still damp hand through his hair and tilts his head back, exasperated.
“They want… an act of good faith…” Tony says, eyes drifting somewhere to Ross’s left. “Something to appease the more… zealous supporters, to satisfy the more moderate. Shift the conversation, so to speak.”
Status: Complete.
“Yes, positive. None of the guards were severely hurt and there has yet to be an official APV within the states for the fugitive Avengers. It seems Ross is trying to play this close to his chest.” Tony keeps his head tilted back, groans, and waits a few more seconds.
Tony has no words. Actually, he does but he doesn’t allow himself say them, doesn’t let the words slip past his bitten lips.
“Ma’am, this is a matter of—"
Steve nodded to himself and took off to the right.
, “so if you could please remove yourself from our residence we will not need to call the police or lawyers and this won’t have to see the light of day. Or Youtube.”
to him. He hadn’t—why hadn’t they just come out and said they hadn’t condoned Scott’s use of the suit? Separated themselves from someone that unintentionally put a target on their head—on the
question. Aaron thanked her for her interview and the woman asked once more if he would let her know if he found out anything that would help her get her daughter.
“I’m just going to pretend I know what you just said—Thor, we need to know what we’re up against.” Tony replies, landing on top of a smoky and charred liquor store. There are a few strange creatures that look like wisps of smoke, thick white smoke that took the form of women, thin and tall, elegant and majestic but all the while they screeched and brought up chunks of concrete with only their faint, opaque hands.
“S-Side… effect. Not meant to happen. Something else… is here. Something dark. Something ancient” Steve releases a breath and continues, passive-features a perfect mask of flaccid aggression.
Glances.
in his hand until he’s panting and watching the water drip down to his elbows. The water had picked up as much dirt as it could on its way down, dripping in greying splotches on the light dusting of plaster and rubble.
“I can’t just—Tony! Tony!” Steve shouts and watches in horror as Tony looks up and their eyes meet, so worried, so sad and determined that Steve can’t blink or he knows he’s going to miss something.
but the pieces are all fitting together in his mind and it makes sense. It’s cogent psychosis, this is lucid madness but it
, it’s
” She shrieks and Loki grins, hands shaking, bleeding, burnt and fragile with the tissues almost charred through.
you!” She shrieks, changing her stance. Tony, whom had recoiled from the attack, nears once more. She turns towards him, eyes wild, and Tony freezes mid-step.
“No, yeah, it’s the best time, couldn’t have been a better time because Spiderman needs my help, called in, too, and you shouldn’t have left me it the tower, what kind of a—anyway, I’m on my way to Spidey’s signal and I just really need the 4-1-1 on what the hell is going on, since some mother hen decided that my place is in the home. Thank you for that. Really.” Tony rolls his eyes, can see the smoke rising in the distance and swallows a little thickly.
: (means "never withering")a symbol of immortality by the Greeks because it is dry and remains live for a long time (and was said to be rejuvenated when placed in water)
. But the words had taken a second to translate and she didn’t think before reacting facially, at least.
“Are you asking me or…?”
Like any other pragmatic, morose reality that is so nightmarish and lucid it can only be a fantasy, a hellish illusion of a dystopia that runs on its own, a worldwide rendition or Ray Bradbury’s
A pause, and then Steve continues. “Is… is it presumptuous? To think that you’ll keep wanting me, actually
It had clearly been assimilated into the city, at least, with vendors lined over the smoothed mound of what looked like… igneous rock, like a volcano erupted in the middle of the city, encasing a good maybe block or block and a half.
A rush of static and deep breathing breaks his musings, the speakers in the workshop tweaking the signal for less interference and better resolution. The only line that had a direct uplink to the Tower, much less Tony’s work room was the Avenger’s communication lines; Tony had hacked into the S.H.I.E.L.D. database and cross-wired the satellite signals so that JARVIS could also pick up on the intercom.
“Maybe there is just more to what people do than standard patterns and common sense,” Rhodey muses, “after all, no one would have expected what—"
This is it.
They don’t dare to hope.)
.” Steve commands in his best authoritative tone.
"I wasn't exactly given a full debrief as she was on her way out. She did hint that Stark's life may have been in some kind of danger from Ross and alluded to some kind of blackmail or the likes that the man could be holding against Stark to make him complacent. I do admit that, although it would be hard to stick something serious on the man, there is quite a lot that
“I gotta ask them some questions,” the man says, shrugging. “So I can either take you or you get off with me at about a fifteen-minute walk from the scene.” She swallowed and looked out the window, formulating. On one hand, no one would suspect some random road yuppie, and on the other no one remembers the tag-along going for an interview. At the sign welcoming guests into the Beautiful City of St. Charles when she asked him if it was okay if she joined him in this, too. He had looked at her strangely for a few seconds and a rock began to form in the pit of her stomach.
face please don’t do this to me right now,” Tony whines even as he pushes himself off the wall and the two fall into step together and head towards a black SUV with tinted windows. “What else is there?”
Suddenly he blinks and Tony isn't in the lab anymore. There are golden apples and a frail looking blonde woman holding her arms out like branches, the green sheer fabric draped over her arms moves and rustles like leaves; she's naked besides the transparent cloth but Tony can't pull his gaze away from her inhuman violet-sapphire eyes.
“I chose you because you are broken, and lost, and so very
“What-what the hell--” Tony starts and, with a startled gasp, quickly sits up. “Where is she, we have to stop her, Steve, Steve, she’s going to do some terrible, terrible shit and we have to stop her, get Thor the hell away from here, send him back to
Magda. Magda. Family.
“C’mon man, the build-up is killing me,” Tony says, reaching out to grab Vision as he tries to stand up on shaky, unused legs. “Tell me on the way back, then.”
hiding something from me. But, because I am also a tired human being and there is still a lot to do, I will
“He’d been working on a new suit before this whole mess. God knows Rhodey—” Pepper’s voice cracks, “—he and I thought it would be a good time to step back. Maybe stay in the politics, if he really had to, because he has his own health to think about, his own people… it’s what’s keeping him alive.”
“Oh, I don’t know. Maybe the fact that moving my arm will make it fall off but
No one else was in the alley.
What?
Ignorance, no, utter defiance of higher powers had caused the pestilence. Folly had been the start of the war, not human, mortal irrationality but that of a woman, not human but just as greedy, just as vain. She caused the tides of war to turn; she single-handedly wiped out the heroes that could stop her before they caught wind of her plans; she simply wanted
Jane rolls her eyes and reaches for the sticky note she just wrote on. “Darcy, we’re not sick—”
She walks around the area seemingly aimlessly, listening to bits and pieces from the people milling about. She wonders if she would be able to track down Bruce to analyze some of the mass. When she gets closer to the dark mass, the hairs on her arm begin to raise. It feels like she is walking through static, light but there. Like walking through a wall of cobwebs, something…
“Not… precisely. Maybe Vision did send Wanda the message.” Steve glances towards the hanger, “in which case, I think I’m more worried about… about the fact that he felt he had to tell Ross our location. How did he even know? Why are their hands tied?”
“I have a question…” Tony trails off, scanning the area for heat signatures. The cold spots are the spirit things… Landvættirs or what-not, and there’s no heat signature on the fallen tree.
made, was to forget that when Tony understands something is wrong, he acts to fix it.
and he lived through so much worse.
There might not be much in the world that’s good but this? Watching old TV with assassins, mutants, a God and a field agent that is still technically dead? Tony looks about the room, settles on Thor and Clint debating the accuracy of hammer throwing versus hammer smashing, Natasha rising to give Pepper her seat (female chivalry?), Peter sleeping like a bonafide contortionist, Steve more asleep and leaning into Tony’s side heavily.
Suddenly he blinks and Tony isn't in the lab anymore. There are golden apples and a frail looking blonde woman holding her arms out like branches, the green sheer fabric draped over her arms moves and rustles like the leaves; she's naked besides the transparent cloth but Tony can't pull his gaze away from her inhuman violet-sapphire eyes.
“Alright. We land in Sokovia,” Sam raises both hands to stop Scott and Clint from protesting, “and we lay low. Give it a week, guys, you were both going up against a
“I dunno, I remember… I was looking at some schematics for-for uhh… shit, I don’t even remember and then I got… dizzy-ish?” Tony looked contemplatively at Steve, as if looking for agreement, before continuing, “well, I must have collapsed and fell off the workbench and then you woke me up and here we are. Oh, man. My head is
“In Asgard, there is no better death than to fall in battle.” Thor booms, grinning and slapping a hand against Tony’s back. “To my people, death is another adventure.”
He knows.
from the law, and the Avengers are scattered. The country is divided. Shoot, the whole
“Well,” Shuri inputs more data in the air in front of her, shoves them into the prototype, “I’m not one to pat my own back, but Stark can
“What connection does Yggdrasil have with golden thread?” Tony asks Thor and the god pauses for a moment and raps his knuckles against the chain-links of his armor before shrugging.
Stark,” Clint hisses and Wanda startles for a moment, catching the cold blue for a second before it went away with a blink.
” He looks mighty pissed but Tony’s a little distracted by the second video.
be used."
“I may be able to help with this,” A new voice says over the speakers. Wanda and Steve both recoil while Scott looks up in wonder.
“Uh, no that will… no thank you, Jarvis,” Steve stammers and Tony would find the energy to chortle at that if he hadn’t just been, you know, sort of rubbing himself all up on the guy like a lazy cat in the sun. Mortification will come later, though, because Tony knows himself and if there is something more important to him than feeling embarrassed it’s his curiosity.
“Am I going to have to sit around here for this?” Tony returns, hand itching to scratch where he
What's up with Clint?
There are cars, now.
me?” Steve sighs and presses his forehead against Tony’s shoulder, breath fanning hotly across the exposed flesh. “Is it too foolish to think of the future,
“You can’t just… offer me this, you, and expect me to just take and not think, think there’s something else, Tony.” Steve’s hand is moving from the tight grip to slide up Tony’s neck to cup his jaw, a warm and heavy weight against Tony’s check. The tips of his war-roughened fingers brush the corner of Tony’s lip and Tony opens his eyes to stare into Steve’s open and honest gaze.
” She shrieks.
“There was a brief… not summary, to be clear, but a brief message from Romanov asking to check in on Stark. That there was something he said before she left—”
"You wanted to see Tony," Pepper had said, "and although I don't care about your need to be another underground shadow, a Limo seemed to be a little more... standing out where we are going, and I don't want the media to smell this quite yet, not when--" and she had paused, swallowed, and moved on as if she hadn't stopped at all, "not when we're not ready with a response."
was a goddess who guarded the apples of youth. Idun had long golden hair and was the goddess of spring and eternal youth. She supplied the gods with the apples of youth, to keep them forever young.
“Is that why you have an ever-growing list of information on… Scott Lang and the Pyms-Van Dynes? Because no offence, but that doesn’t fall in line at all with what you’re saying.”
“Tony,” Rhodey sighs, shifting to ease some of the pressure off the upper part of his thigh, “the guy was a fanboy through and through. Cap told him to come and the idiot just left. You heard the ex-wife, just popped up in the middle of dinner and booked it. You don’t need to parse through the information to understand
"W-What?" Steve croaks and then he sees the doctors, all the wires and machines and needles and he almost jumps off the bed but the warm hand moved down to his chest and presses there.
“Viz, man,” Rhodey starts, and Tony sighs.
“Why are you standing there!” Steve grunts as the power of the seals digs into his wrist. “Get me out, let’s
“You have a plan,” they reply. Tony shrugs helplessly as Enchantress shouts from the other room and another loud wave of energy ripples across the air, forcing the wood to shudder.
“Tony, calm down.” Steve puts a hand on Tony’s uninjured shoulder and pushes him down gently. “Thor isn’t going anywhere and we won’t send him to Asgard for no reason at all; the woman--”
Tony gives in and lurches back into a near-fetal position, unconscious.
It's like a series of stills, with the words all out of place: darkness, Thor, Steve, Enchantress, Loki, blood, darkness, light, golden apples, golden hair, Steve, darkness; "Hlín protects you, the Valkyrie will guide you" they say and Tony wants to laugh because he was wrong, so wrong, he was wrong all along. He hears mad laughter and feels a hand run through his hair, whisper soothing words into the silence.
“Yeah,” Tony says, tired already, “wouldn’t want to glitch out in the middle of dinner and suddenly bust out a gauntlet or something. I think I’m past the age where
“Want me to check it out?” Clint calls out from the restroom where he was trying to wash off some of the dirt from the past week. “Sam, with me, I’ll work the signal, you work the mic?”
But he can’t sleep. There are
Shit, she thinks. She’s trying to find a way to maybe take a sample, and this thing must be
“You dare stand there, hiding behind a relic, a tool that
“That doesn’t--” Steve tries but his face is scrunching up as he loses the lucidity of the response. “Why are you doing this?”
"So is that what this is?" Pepper asks at last, her gaze just this side of sharp, too keen to be ignorant of... of what? It irks Fury, not knowing.
Captain America.
He has four windows open around his work table. The first video is silent, the feeds Jarvis has prepared and (the traitor!) showed Cap; the second is information on this “Amora” character, Enchantress, and whatever the hell she is; the third is Hank McCoy’s entire prognosis and the fourth, well, Tony didn’t really close the videos Steve was watching so let’s just say the fourth is Non-Tony doing what Inner-Tony wants to do to a clearly flipped out Steve. Only with less magical body-thief mojo and more “Brazzers” rating.
” Amora hisses as she sends some sort of sparks towards the scarlet serpent; her hands move forward to throw the incantation just as Peter shoots a web and her hands lurch forward with the force of the webbing; she topples forward and the curtain wraps itself around her body, lifting her up with pressure alone.
There was something in her, too, something she hadn’t felt in a while. A mix between peace and determination. A quiet kind of… fury? She couldn’t quite place it. The subtitles announced that, although Tony Stark hadn’t quite made an appearance in some time, the new business venture was surely his doing. She spared a thought to Rhodey, remembering the chasm that opened beneath her chest when Tony told him the prognosis
“Sir, there is a strange influx of paranormal activity in the state of Kansas; the energy signatures are a kin to those encountered in the movie theater. There has been a ninety-seven percent image relation between a woman seen on a gasoline station’s camera and the image of the Enchantress I have stored.
Amora was nowhere in sight.
me. I need, uh, whassit called, c-c-c….coffee, that it! Ha! I knew there was a reason I’m a genius, coffee and some aspirin and I’ll be back on top of everythi—Cap, Steve, no fair, stop
“It’s that
The first time Steve finds Tony in his workshop, he was simply following the blaring, raunchy music that seemed to be exploding from every pore of the mansion. He took the steps two at a time, the glass doors slid across seamlessly and stared at the figure at the workbench a few meters ahead. Tony was bobbing his head, wearing an oil-stained white muscle shirt, his chest partially lit blue and his eyes glued to the bauble in his hands like it might just explode (which was an actual possibility, sadly).
But this isn't what he's expecting, to be honest, and being caught blindsided by a lack of information is starting to grate on him.
“And you’re sure it's them?” Tony grumbles as Vision holds the button to keep the doors open.
it starts here.
The world is black and white and gray. The golden apple that rolls between them in the light-slate grass begins to decay. Only a single, boney-white core remains.
get to decide whether you walk out of here a ghost or you officially become one."
“With each death there is a beginning and end; the powerful cube does portend. The symbols of conclusion and start will reveal the answers that we did conceal.”
“What’s wrong?” Hank asks, not one to beat around the bush. Patience, he thinks to himself, is overrated. Hope is watching the split screen monitors as if waiting for something, like she knows something I going to pop up and scare them at any given moment.
Wait.
“Hey look at me—it’s Steve. You know me, Tony. Do you remember me?” Steve tries to make Tony focus but feels his friend relapsing into unconsciousness. “Tony! Do you know who I am?” Steve repeats, one hand holding Tony’s chin up, the other flat and scorching against the mechanic’s cheek.
“Want to share with the class
“What was she doing that she can’t do now… that is causing this.” Sam finishes and sighs as he leans forward, bends his arms on his knees and slumps his head onto his palms.
Tony knows this can go wrong in numerous ways. They’re each-other’s weakness, Achilles’ heel, just another target amongst the targets stacked on their backs. From a logical perspective they’ve just basically endangered the other even more.
“Sometimes, when someone would use drugs and stuff, they’d have to, like, well, basically there’s
By hour 26, Jarvis finally has news.
“I believe that I may be of assistance in this manner.” Jarvis pipes up and wow, if Steve didn’t know any better than he’d think that Jarvis was
“You said this is a side effect-- side effect of what?”
, Fury thinks, trying to absorb all the information he can as quickly as possible. He doesn't understand how the edifice—and the people living in the building, for sure—don't look... different. Perhaps some stealthy tech on the windows, make it look like all the other apartments despite the darkening by the plastic, and still.
“I’m here to formally let you… Avengers know what’s in the works. A sort of… superhuman registration, I suppose. And it is gaining in followers in powerful positions, who have seen the results of event trying to restrain one of our own. I’m here to warn you that… it is coming. And its being written as I stand here. However, if we were to meet halfway, well…”
"Did I...was I wrong?" Tony whispers and his body slides down so he's sitting, back against the frame and his head is tilted back, his eyes wistful and slightly sad.
“It was a dream,” Scott replies. Steve huffs, still leaning forward. “I mean, do you have prophetic dreams?”
Tony closes his eyes and shoves the reactor in beneath his shirt.
look a little crusty, but c’mon. It's not like
The first time Steve sees the arc reactor it's by accident. He doesn't speak a word, just forces Tony back down on the ground and rips off ribbons of his white t-shirt (his favorite, really, but it's stained with blood and completely ruined anyway) and clumsily tries to apply pressure to any of the three bullet wounds on Tony's person: his right shoulder, the more than graze of his right ribs and his left thigh. Tony fights and groans and grumbles but doesn't necessarily tell Steve to get off. Which is good, because the idiot jumped in the line of fire and he's not in his
The air smells like ozone and amaranths. Steve feels like throwing up. Peter is saying something to him, pressing a hand against the already healing burn marks on Steve’s wrist.
“Keep him out, I’d say,” Peter mumbles, pinching the bridge of his nose.
Tony’s a little glad that he chose to wear just regular jeans and an old Led Zeppelin t-shirt when he starts to blend into the surprisingly crowded street. He scruffs against the rubble-strewn road with the front of one of his Chuck’s, kicking away some smaller chunks of loose gravel. There are people just milling about on the main street, murmuring to each other while others rush by in something akin to fear. Tony grimaces and walks up the steps of the Victorian style wooden home.
of clearing a throat and a sound of befuddlement. She waves away Fury and actually clears her throat before starting.
"I mean...Howard was...no. No, this is fucking stupid. I know that what I did was right." Tony affirms.
After a second, Tony moves; feels the harsh drag of Steve inside of him and plunges down again, moaning against Steve’s lips. Tony’s name escapes Steve like a blessing, a benediction and Tony closes his eyes to the image of Steve staring at him with so much
“My powers--” she starts and, further away, “some effects… I’m sorry.”
The air is still and chilly; the temperatures never quite rise above scorching and never dip down to
“You have the face of nothing but bad news,” Tony sighs, “nothing god destroyed while I was out, right?”
“You shouldn’t have come,” Tony croaks, eyes filling with tears.
Clint doesn’t try to scare anyone from the rafters.  Jan is strangely sullen, and hardly ever utters a word except to Hank when he comes out of his labs to drag her away every few hours or so. (They all pretend to not notice how each time she returns her eyes are red rimmed and she’s sniffling too loudly to be allergies.)
He's cold in the shadows, silent and watching
The faint smile on Tony's lips is worth the frustration.
“Before we go in,” Tony taps a restless finger on the center of his chest, where the zipper is covering a good portion of the new reactor’s light. “If he asks, anything, about what we know about the-the… the others, what are you going to do?”
, it’s unnerving as hell, like waking up to Clint sleeping with his eyes open beside your bed-brand of unnerving.”
“I got… hmm…local business…yadda yadda—ah! There: Shady Acres Care Home.”
“We,” Wanda croaks and sets off a set of coughs that make startle the two other men. “We need to go.” Wanda is sitting up slowly, weak by fatigue and dehydration. She reaches for the bottle by her side and downs it; the warm water is like heaven to her dry throat.
Wanda wants to comment that she meant the Raft, that being left at the Compound had been little more than house arrest, maybe, and although she would have liked the choice she couldn’t personally compare the two. But Clint is walking away already, face neutral after the viciousness it displayed not two seconds earlier. She feels cold, suddenly, and the headache returns with a strong sense of unease.
“They have the recording of your retelling of the events in Siberia and they say they’ve taken into consideration all the factors. The fact that Zemo isn’t talking and the King of Wakanda claimed he did not see you there when he recovered the man responsible for the Vienna bombing leaves us with only one possible solution.” Ross’s voice has been raising with each line of reasoning, and Tony absolutely hates everything in the cosmos that has aligned everything just so for the next point he knows is coming.
because it’s a weapon in and of itself. Not even Natasha can stand that look.
Apparently knowing what to do and actually getting it done are two completely different, sentient and horribly difficult things. Who would have guessed?
He looks down, chocking on his own words, his own breath and the air is scorching, he’s burning up but no one notices, no one can see that he’s
“Is-is that
“She wants Thor.” Loki turns away to face the hatch and grimaces. “But she can’t have him. She believes the Tesseract will bind him to her.” The grin that spreads through Loki’s pale features is sinister, devious.
Loki swings his left arm into it, twines the whip around his wrist three times and yanks forward, throwing Enchantress off balance.
. He hates how that voice sounds a little more like Tony than anyone else. Besides, he hadn’t—
“—not recommended.” Pepper says, turning on the lights. Her voice, as toneless as it is, betrays the soft pudginess and redness beneath her eyes. Nick Fury looks shocked for the slightest of seconds before his features revert to plain disgruntlement. “And for a dead man, I must wonder how you came to be here, Ex-Director Fury.” Pepper tilts her head to the side and refuses to walk past the threshold of the door.
They've gotten to the only wall still left standing. Fury hears it, then, the sound of machines slowly beeping. The whirr of electric lungs. The smell of sterilized air is stronger, more pungent. He has a suspicion, now, but the distance between Point A and Point B is a long one, and he needs the information before he can surrender to his gut instinct.
If he can manage to get Thor to Asgard while he finds and pin-points Enchantress’ location he can be sure of Thor’s safety and get what he needs. It’s a win-win.
“I knew you would come,” Amora hisses, stomping down the open door of the warehouse, eyes wide and glassy, fists clenching and unclenching at her sides. “You cannot take Thor! He is mine, not
He feels the heat in the air that seems to simply rush past him.
The car ride to whatever undisclosed location throws him a bit, too. With the Compound under official renovations and falling more into UN territory than Stark's own, Fury busies himself with what may be afoot, and thinking ahead about what is to come.
has taken. I am not...." She takes a deep breath, closes her eyes. Fury remains silent, observing. "I am not here for your entertainment or to be part of your little shit-show."
“That won’t be necessary,” Tony shrugs. “I haven’t had an, an
in just a year and a few scant weeks. I think the last report I even heard of had it at something like thirty-five percent habitable, and that was with Stark,
and finally used his liquefied muscles to hold himself up, moving away from the warmth and support of Steve’s hard body. “I’m fine, though, really.”
,” Peter mumbles when he finally flips on his back, head dangling off the end of the couch, feet on the backrest.
the kind of uproar people are throwing at things like ‘law enforcement harassing civilians’ much less retired, old men, so if you could kindly—” But Hope isn’t looking for a response as she slams the door shut on the man’s face. Still, as per the job, the man doesn’t immediately remove himself from their newly-grown porch.
the things I know, you’d be this nice, too.” Missouri humphs and Tony grins.
Tony wraps his arms around himself, and doesn’t listen as FRIDAY raises the temperature in the room, reminds him to call Pepper, Spider-Man, reminds him of the growing folders on his server. Ant-Man. The Pym-Van Dynes. SHIELD Dump folders. Peter’s updates. Amendments to the Accords. A list of the things the UN and the US are prodding for. A message from T’Challa.
” Scott wonders, panicking. Clint and Sam both snicker in the cockpit.
“I am Frigga, wife of Odin and mother to Thor and his other half-brothers.” She smiles as Steve visibly tenses. “I know you have experiences a difficult loss, Steven, and I know that the wound is still fresh and festering but there is always a silver lining. A life lost in good spirit is not in vain; and despite what a young man once told me, a hero never dies. Not truly, at least. They are resurrected in the afterlife or brought back by the mercy of the gods. A great man once told me that he was not a hero. Tell me, Steve, what makes a hero?”  Frigga has a knowledgable shine in her eyes but Steve is still caught up in the words she whispers.
Tony lunges.
“And changed me?” Tony grins and Steve just huffs a breath and crosses his arms across his bare chest (oh, hello there) and tries to look indignant about this while failing miserably.
(“Tell that to Selvig, that snot-monster” Darcy mumbles rubbing her eyes.)
“What do you think, then?” Hank asks, because although it seems like Hope has no evidence of a second watcher, her intuition about things like this hasn’t been wrong. He hadn’t quite left the house during the first few days after the airport battle in Germany, it wasn’t like he was out and about in the first place. Hope, though, she had to trudge through the reporters, into the company, and still make like a normal, functional adult despite everything.
He’s most likely dreaming, trapped in his subconscious’ nightmares and Steve has known Tony long enough to understand the hellish visions that are probably plaguing the genius.
not to push it. For now.” Tony opens both eyes, glances at Vision.
“That all you have?” Loki jeers, yanking Amora closer with her own weapon.
The pendants are fake, that far she knows. The rock that is outside is not shiny, dulled and a little sandy to the touch. When she motions at the rosary, the woman raises a single brow in question.
” the voice says softly, as if consoling a long forgotten ache, healing an old wound. “
-- The entire floor had been changed. Where at least four single apartments filled the entire floor, all the walls but one at the far end had been stripped down to their support columns and bare wirings, plastic covering as much of the walls, ceilings, and floor as possible.
And then he stepped back, with that same little smile and took a deep breath as the ice took over.
“This is great in one respect, and saddening in another; to leave a love behind and still unite two lovers.” Idonae looks genuinely saddened at this and casts her eyes down to her apples. Tony smiles bitterly and sits cross-legged and clad in the gauntlets ad boots of his armor; his worn-out jeans rustle when he sits and his Black Sabbath tee scrunches a bit.
“If anything,” Missouri presses, leaning forward, “let me give you the choice.”
“Brother Tony, what is it that you ponder to your comrades?”
“You didn’t show me for nothing, Miss Potts,” He says at last, mind wrapping around her last sentence. Not extremis, then, but something along the lines. Something that would make him a danger to outside forces, to the Accords, perhaps. “What do you want, in return?”
leaving you here.”
clings to her skin. Cameras face the mound conspicuously; on walls, posts freshly created within the weeks the anomaly had been there. Men in riot gear stand around, watching all the people.
He wonders now, and surprisingly for the first time, if he should have forced a full report out of Romanov. Something about the entire situation felt... oddly edged. He heard about Zemo, a bit, about the framing of the bombing in Vienna.
Pepper turns around and together, with Fury leading, they begin to walk towards the exit. She doesn’t answer him for the longest time, waiting until they are descending in the elevator to respond.
They meet eyes, Steve taking in the swirl of emotions in those expressive dark eyes before grinding out," please, stay." The man hesitates for a heart wrenching moment before nodding and taking Steves hand in his.
Tony and Steve laughing together on the third floor entertainment room while they try to catch him up on movies and culture.
"You idiot. You're an idiot, you know that?" Steve murmurs as he completely yanks down Tony's button up shirt and wraps it around the man's thigh, the shirt filling out in crimson quickly.
“Captain, there’s been a breach in the building. Security code: 2704; all R&D Floors to be locked and closed for 48 hours. The main entrance shall now be locked; Amora the Enchantress has been located within the building and both Master Stark and Odinson are missing.”
"Fourth floor. Down the hall. Is... is this place not familiar to you?" She opened her door as the car came to a stop and Fury looked around, hoping to get a clue, but nothing stood out of his mind until they walked to the elevators.
Natasha glances down at her sweat yellowed and dirt-stained white muscle shirt. So she
The woman moves, her left arm moving while her right shifts slightly back. She hands him a single golden apple that Tony takes without protest and without thought. Silence spreads as the blue skies begin to bleed a crimson streak and the fields all start to gray. The meadows of purple and green amaranth begin to wither away.
“Well no, but…” Vision pauses. Tony feels his anxiety mounting.
“The first noted change in your psyche, according to my analysis of your behavioral traits, attitude, gestures, norms; quirks, gesticulations, and idiosyncrasies occurs at nineteen-oh-five; there are a total of forty-seven strange incidences in physical manifestation, eighteen audio incongruities that are being evaluated and secured for better listening; it appears that you had collapsed at twenty-seventeen and hadn’t woken until Captain Rogers entered the lab.”
“Fuck, fuck what the hell is going
Asgard is beautiful.
A sense of hopelessness. Like the person was waiting because they
and really, Steve can handle himself--
“I have never tried to destroy all
He’s tired. He’d like nothing more than to get into bed and sleep for the next century and a half and never look at another goddamn politician’s face again. Vision doesn’t turn to face him as they go down the elevator, but he does speak.
, Thor whispers to Steve, like a secret, as if the world wasn’t just ending. Steve swallows the pain, the questions like a bitter pill stuck in his throat and closes his eyes, thinks of the rain
“It’s
“I think it would be better,” Vision says softly, “If Colonel Rhodes were to accompany me, if that is alright.” There is a pause, like everyone inhaled at the same time.
at me like that, like I’ma tip over and
It was almost an exact replica of the arc reactor, the dimensions where a little off and it was a few inches bigger than the one currently in his chest. The inside was hollow, though, and there was no space for the Vibranium though, and the hollow area seemed to have some inner depressions at odd intervals. Tony sighs, puts the model down atop the pile of actual notes and leans back.
he hears so much of is easy to deduce, then. Someone that is strong, check. Honorable? Check.  Resilient? Check. Self-sacrificing? Double check.
let you harm him, you will not lay hand nor sight on Thor Odinson!” Loki bellows and the torn and burnt red curtains hanging limply beside the screen suddenly hisses to life and begins to craw off the wall, slithering towards the tall blonde.
He was so tired. A kind of soul-deep weariness that forced his eyes to turn from the spectacular sights of the futuristic city, the thought
“I don’t know what the hell you’re thinking,” Steve growls as he shifts his attention to the chains and the metal clasp on the floor, “but I sure as hell am
His eyes are drawn to the older woman sitting on a seat amongst other women to the side of the room. She looks weary, hair flowing loose and curled down the expanse of her shoulders. Her dress is white, long and flowing down past her feet with a single golden hemline wrapped around her waist and trailing down further than the bottom of her dress. She looks inelegant in comparison to the other women beside her and even those dining and milling about.
It was one last thing to see. And then she could focus all her energy on dodging Ross and keeping herself busy.
Wanda dreams. The team plans now that they're out of the Raft and into the frying pan. Natasha gets some answers and finds something to do. Maybe it's an excuse or maybe it isn't--maybe something big happened in St. Charles, Missouri. She just... she needs to know before she continues forward.
“Hello there, Steven. What ever was the cause of such distress?” Hank ponders with a heavy shrug, pulling the slipping bag up over his shoulder.
“Well, nothing, really; though my people do have prophesies of the Ragnarök, in which many of us will fall in battle with strong foes. It will be an end to our era of rulers and the start of a new era. It is prophesized that my father will meet defeat to Fenrir, who will swallow him whole.” Thor doesn’t look a smidgeon bothered.
God dammit Vision, letting the CAT OUT OF THE BAG. Snitches get stitches, yo.
Tony wasn’t right. It was damn near visible by the darkness that clung under his eyes from an irregular lack of sleep (because he had lived with the Avengers for over two years now, lived under the same roof with Tony for a year and a half of those two years and knew that the best that could ever be claimed for Tony’s health was a healthy dose of insomnia, malnourishment and some anxiety). No, this kind of lack of sleep had nothing to do with the plans for the Quinjet half scribbled on napkins and loose sheets of paper, nor a new upgrade for the Iron Man suit—it was the kind of sleeplessness that’s found hand-in-hand with shuddering frights that come out with the darkness, the kind of insomnia… you’d prefer to
. Your first mistake, the same mistake the people who were once called
“Sir, there seems to be a problem with--”
“Jarvis, unmute, please.” Steve chokes out, eyes still shut.
Tony is smart. This fact is universally known and splashed out on every newspaper at least once a month. The
However, as a
!” She hisses as the portal purses its lips shut. “Dammit, Loki, you traitor, you said that they would remain under my control!”
He meets her eyes over the hood of his mid-90’s car. With an exaggerated gesture of ‘my eyes are on you’ he loudly whispers, “no questions!”
“Tony,” he breathes, relieved and exhausted all at once. Tony’s a little worn looking, tired, hunched over on his knees with his arms stretched out with the tension of the chains holding him down to the ground. Tony’s head snaps up, hope and fear and pain etched across his features.
The next page he took from what he dubbed the “not useless trash” pile was a little more lucid.  It had a pattern, almost an exact duplicate of the one on the illustration of the cube, and some notes beneath the intricate drawing. “Wishes come true, though the very fabric of reality is altered. The complexities of granting a single desire may lead to the unraveling of the universe itself, causing an inter-dimensional ripple through time, space, matter and energy. This, however, is one of the safety features of the ––––––––– is to make the desire come true without necessarily unraveling the cosmos, thus some input may not be followed through in its entirety.”
“Alright, let’s get this freak-show on the road.” Tony muses.
The cube shudders, shrinks in his grasp until it fits in the palm of his hand.
“Oh, dear Loki Silver-Tongue,” Amora tsks,“ who said this gun is anything
Natasha chastises herself, looking back down at her plate. The pancakes had lost all of their appeal three minutes before. She had to focus, though: a mission. Something to do, she needed a goal.
“It is eleven
be something to it, I have a dirty ass car and a face that little old ladies can’t say no to.” He places a card and a rolled bundle of paper into her palm.
So of course they clash. More often than not when they're together, they're fighting and when they're fighting their typically across each other, face to face, eye to eye and spiting venom at each other like one of those vipers that slipped through one fo those experimental portals to Asgard Jane is so fond of opening. Tony gets this glint in his eyes that's fierce and strong that shows what kind of a man he really is (under that 'tough guy, fast cars hard brandy' exterior everyone is blind sighted by). He's determined and wiser and tactful, he knows just what to do, what words to say and he won't back down from a challenge.
Vision shuts his eyes as they pull up to the long path leading up to the Compound.
Hope figures her father has made his own fair share of mistakes. Could he really fault her for potentially making one on her own?
Hank Pym was once a patient man.
"You think someone is going to read the signatures and follow them here," Pepper surmises after a brief pause. Fury sighs.
A hero that’s going to get caught in the crosshairs of time and space? Well, color Tony informed, but the person he has in mind has technically already fallen into that category.
Stay tuned for the epilogue up next!
familiar with are all dead and he's suffering under the weight of this new life he's living, drowning in the regrets and missing years of those that he loved and it's like they're there, wrapping the ghost of their memories around him and he's suffocating, can't breath because it's been
The buildings are like castles made of glass. The architecture is older, more medieval but the foundations, the materials are like nothing he's ever seen in the world, all shiny metals and pearly roofs, onyx towers that reach higher than the eye can see. Thor is still waiting patiently for Steve's body to catch up but it's really his mind that's falling behind right now. They're standing on a giant shard of what feels like glass but it's thick and changing colors with every minute movement. The sky is dark and vast, shining with millions of stars and colored with the teal and orange and pink and aquamarine nebulas and galaxies from far off into the cosmos.
It’s slightly surreal seeing them two in a different light, even if that point of view is just the corner camera.
He hears Tony yell once, only once, and as he finally gets free from Loki’s bloody grasp the building collapses.
, either. Something inside of his chest wanted to claw out, was effectively suffocating him in the ruins of the house they were hunkered in.
Rhodey snorts, raising an eyebrow as he turns to Vision with a
“You’re not going out to meet them,” Hank says firmly, and the vehemence of his voice has Hope pausing for a second. “We don’t know if they’re looking for, for—some kind of
“Oh, honey, if you
“Oh, damn I knew I should have paid more attention to my Mythology 110 class in Uni, I knew  it, sitting there half asleep thinking to myself ‘I should pay attention because one day I’ll be fighting these things in a metal suit along with a super-soldier, a Norse god, a photographer and a Russian Assassin’.” Tony sighs and continues on his path to find Peter somewhere among the blurred and rapidly fluctuating signals his armor depicts.  “Point is, do you know how to stop them?”
Steve closes his eyes, breaks open the second door.
,” Rhodey starts and Ross rolls his eyes, “his daughter is what, how old is she, Ross, isn’t nine a little too young, even for you?” Tony grinds his teeth, tries to unclench his jaw.
“The fabric of reality draws taut,” the winds whisper, soft, gently, “and the threads begin to unravel.”
It’s a beautiful Armageddon.
) reseal.
But I wouldn’t burn the world to find you. I would deft the military, I would defy the powers that be, but I would never put others in danger because
Steve hasn’t entered Tony’s room since the Warehouse Incident. It’s here that he finds himself upon return from Asgard.
Also I just watched Ant-Man and The Wasp, so
Tony mumbles something under his breath. It sounds suspiciously like the ‘thank you’ he hadn’t meant to let slip, and –oh, there’s the snaky little hand that fell atop of Steve’s reassuring hold on his good shoulder. His head is bowed down, heavy with sleeplessness, the weight of the medication and the soothing alleviation from the balm is forcing his senses to surrender to the darkness. Surrender to the visions.
“Sorry…” Steve mumbles, hand still extended towards the burn. “You just have to take the shirt off, then, since you’re being a baby about me trying to examine the burn--”
So it’s not really a cup half-full or half-empty situation. More of a “I’m thirsty and you have water. Can I have it?” sort of things.
“Okay, you know what this deserves a talk, a nice long talk but I can’t do this from here and maybe a few coffees would help and my mind isn’t too far into the gutter because I kind of just want to crawl into bed or let you crawl over me and do unspeakable, maybe illegal things but I can’t function properly when it’s so early so can you give me a hand because I may have possibly broken my spine” Tony grumbles and Steve’s face would be priceless, really, if Tony had more brain cells to spare right now.
Physical labor helped, somewhat. At least he was so tired he had to sleep at the end of the day. But it was the… the urge to keep moving. To not stay in one place. He didn’t want to leave Wanda, hell no, not after everything but… he didn’t want to
He spoke like he was enamored with the eccentric genius despite a handful of meetings and awkward greetings\confrontations. Things between himself and the enigmatic CEO had become stranger after that, knowing now that he had practically spilled his heart out to Tony while in disguise made the whole situation make sense but at the time it all just seemed incredibly connected yet not connected at all.
She moves slowly to press their foreheads together. Steve’s mind is still reeling, he can’t grasp her meaning, can’t—
“Yes, sir. The video will be directly uplinked into any motor you so desire; Coffee is already heated and waiting for your consumption in the kitchen,” comes Jarvis’ crisp mechanical voice. “Is that all, sir?”
Wait.
“Ok, give me all the gory details when I arrive back at the tower.” Tony dismisses, flapping a hand up and down in front of Steve’s troubled expression, as if to wave off any and all worries.
me.” Tony murmurs to himself, closes his eyes and takes a deep breath. “I am no hero”
"I'm Steve."
“Tony? Tony!” Steve shouted through the intercom, running through the newly abandoned streets at full speed, trying to get back to the Main Street and, most importantly, Tony. He still didn’t think that Tony was okay like he had made himself seem, and the fact that he had simply went into some strange theater with an
The door to the bedroom opens.
Steve looks fucking
"Then call me Tony"
Steve shrugs and leans further back, fatigue and sleepiness weighing him down. Tony’s back to his tablet but his attention’s already divided so he kicks his feet up on the coffee table, leans back and settles for this; the warmth of Captain America on his side, Peter trying to stick onto the couch comfortably, ‘Tasha’s sudden appearance on the one-seater, Thor banging around in the kitchen and Jarvis’ soft voice announcing the arrival of the rest of the team.
years working with her,” Clint said, pinching between his brows, “and now you think you know everything about Nat? If its safer for her to stay inside, she will stay inside those goddamn walls. Natasha wouldn’t take extraneous risks, especially if T’Challa tells them that she
Had there simply been... enough of the man present in the workings that the UN—127 countries, too now, simply not noticed the physical absence?
