-So, don't listen to the disapproval, it's just proof that your father is surrounded by idiotic people most of the time... Despite appearances, you could not have a better dad.
Anyway, Sally came to see me in the hospital the first time I was admitted: it was the second day, I had never spoken to anyone frankly offended because they had managed to save my life, and I kept staring at the wall of my room, while the doctors were deciding whether to call a specialist or a psychiatrist.
-If Scotland Yard thinks it is appropriate to use my services, they know where I am – Sherlock simply answered.
To think that he had been close enough not to find his dear landlady, who he now considered almost a second mother on his return home took his breath away.
After taking a deep breath, even if Sherlock was not there in front of him, John squeezed his fingers around his phone and opened the conversation with the detective.
Needing to catalogue every mole, every possible imperfection of the other man, Sherlock pulled his lips away John's and immediately went down the Adam's apple where his attention is captured by the scar on John's shoulder kissing it softly.
The doctor's blonde head peeked through the door of their bedroom, followed the next moment by a head of black curls that stopped at the height of the man's hips.
She began by showing him what measures were needed to make a baby's bath perfect, how much soap to use, what was the right way to support Hamish during the bath, how to wash his hair avoiding to send foam into his eyes, repeating the same explanation several times without getting tired and encouraging him when she saw him fearful or hesitant.
He knows when to remain silent and on the sidelines when I had a bad day at work and I need time to leave everything behind and knows when to raise the heating temperature to prevent the damaged muscles of my shoulder from getting numb-said the doctor, listing all the little attention Sherlock had always had for him and that now seemed like little gestures of love.
I can't tell you the type of leukemia, but the symptoms are all there: the lymph nodes in his neck are enlarged, he is as thin as a rake, and if you lift his head off the pillow you'll find that he had started to lose his hair.
After a slight hesitation John’s lips caressed Sherlock’s full lips gently; despite anticipating what was about to happen, Sherlock stiffened with surprise and embarrassment, but the next moment John's lips brushed Sherlock’s with small touches, and one of John's hand moved on the back of Sherlock’s neck, sinking his fingers into his black curls, in a gesture so familiar and reassuring that Sherlock felt safe, perfectly at ease, despite the fact that part of his brain was still aware of the presence of "intruders" in the room.
"There was a time when you kept telling anyone who wanted to listen to you that you two weren't a couple" she recalled.
Something had happened... Something that had escaped his attention, something that had unnerved Gregory, but as much as Mycroft struggled, he could not put his finger on the problem.
He would have preferred physical torture a thousand times rather than admit that he had missed him, the man  knew him too well.
Almost without realizing it, John raised his hand and dropped it into his friend's rebellious hair, letting his fingers slip through the soft curls, following an instinct he had suppressed many times, as if it were a common gesture between them and not the impulse of a moment.
He told the woman of the invitation he had from that evening and the happy expression that appeared on Sarah’s face, John would have expected to see her jump from joy in his place.
Sherlock was sitting in his usual seat around the table, Misha sitting on his lap, a hard-plastic plate filled with half of the baby's breakfast and a cup of coffee for the adult not far away.
He was almost certain that he would find her alone and had confirmation of it when he heard the slight noise of low heels on the wooden floor inside.
A normal person would have been offended by that text, but John had stopped considering himself "normal" since he first met Sherlock Holmes, which is why he found nothing strange when his entertained laugh exploded in the silent office.
Taken by surprise by that unexpected gesture, Sherlock turned his head slightly towards him and met his ocean-blue eyes a few moments, heartened by the smile that bent John's lips.
Come to the diner one of these days, maybe we can find a way to cheer you up- he said before turning his back on the couple and moving away towards the police tape that fenced the area.
-You should have talked to me! As I did when I had my doubts about our story... But no, you decided to step over me and make the decision by yourself for both of us.
He walked to the door of his room and managed to catch an amused laugh that was definitely John, which led him to smile again before turning the door handle and then suddenly stop himself on the doorstep for the scene that was presented before his eyes.
At that moment every nerve in his body was tense, ready to shoot at the slightest provocation and John knew too well the detective to delude himself that it would not arrive at the same moment that that idiot had opened his mouth for the first time.
I PROMISE that I'll post the last chapters as soon as I have a new chapter; I hope you don't hate me too much!
His father's piercing eyes rested once again on him, staring lovingly and sadly at John for a few moments before speaking.
He quickly observed the rest of his body, seeing the scratches on his shoulders and  bites marks Sherlock had left in the hollow between his shoulder and neck, on his right side, and inside his left arm.
Despite his infinite patience there was always a moment when John got to the point of no return, ready to unleash his anger against objects and people who were within his range, becoming extremely (
He had wondered all those years about what had happened to it and to the black coat that was tied to the image he had of his best friend.
-Mh…I don't think it's a fundamental genetic character - Sherlock simply retorted, placing a cup next to the doctor.
During the three years of his disappearance, they met again and had a baby... And now this kid is in our apartment on Baker Street.
The man merely nodded, recalling John's insistence on having at least a few meters in the kitchen completely free of bacteria, cultures and pathogens where he could cook without fear.
Also, Boss has been looking after me like if it was a proper nanny to make sure I was well-commented the girl.
John stared at him in silence, stopping in the middle of the bridge, resting his back against the balustrade, his hands sunk into the pockets of his jacket to shelter from the cold wind.
- I hope you're not talking about that pathetic fight you had before. I have to say, you both disappointed me, arguing in the street like two drunks outside the pub... it was really undignified.
Waiting meant increasing the possibility that someone would approach John, get his attention just enough for the doctor to invite him to dance...
One detail caught John's attention, leading him to alternately stare at the door and his partner: contrary to what had happened in the past, there was a woman at the door; a woman who knew Sherlock well enough to know his middle name.
This time Sherlock abandoned any pretenses and that smile that was reserved exclusively for John and that every time caused a chill down the man’s back, appeared on the beautiful face of the detective, before it reassembled in its usual mask.
The next moment he was in front of Sherlock on the bed stripping him of his pajamas pants and boxers, then he straddled Sherlock’s hips to take time to give attention to one of John’s most preferred parts of Sherlock's body: his neck.
"Ah, really?" John asked, charging his voice with disbelief, hoping with all of himself that he had managed to hide the turmoil of emotions that was stirring within himself.
The direct interested blushed slightly at that nickname, gave to him during the war, but both Greg and Jack laughed.
Since that day things have been slowly improving, although there are still dark days...-comment the woman.
"What are we going to do with Hamish?" the doctor asked, casting a glance at the child busy playing with his toys.
Despite everything, John would have protected him, even if it meant protecting Sherlock from himself.
They asked if he could meet them at Vauxhall Bridge- she said, clearly sorry to have interrupted that moment of intimacy.
Once again, John found himself with a dry throat, confronted with the naked truth: the fact that Sherlock was there in front of him, perfect despite all his flaws and mistakes, was almost a miracle.
The future he had imagined, dreamed, that he had come to believe possible only twenty-four hours ago would be crushed as soon as John got up.
-Your hair: you have paid special attention to your hairstyle, looking for something elegant, but not too eye-catching, and the same goes for your makeup, light but refined.
The pressure was slight, but enough for John to want more, so much more, making him move his hips and thus make Sherlock aware of his erection.
But this time, before I could leave, Sherlock... He said the right thing and... -stopped John, unable to find the right words to explain what happened.
"I wouldn't rely much on that," he retorted, leading Mycroft to nod, causing the room to fall into a silence interrupted only by the sound of forks on the plates.
She was the first to understand them, perhaps already that distant evening of their disastrous date.
"You mean in two and a half months you haven't gone to see your mother yet?"asked John, beginning to understand the problem.
Looking around on the crowded street, he saw a taxi approaching, raised a hand and saw it stop slowly.
-I can clearly see your charm now... Anyway, I met a girl and her father didn't want her to date a criminal like me, so I cleaned up and enrolled in the Police Academy-
Without noticing, a hand moved upwards, resting on the back of John's neck to bring him closer to Sherlock and close the slightest distance between their faces, thus bringing their lips together.
Tomorrow he had an important appointment that would require his full attention and all his strength, he could not afford another sleepless night because of Sherlock Holmes.
For a few moments Sherlock seemed to have no idea what John was talking about, until his brain gave him the right information and he nodded briefly.
Nowadays there are not many teenage girls able to overcome all the hardships you have faced...-continued.
"Is it normal that I missed your little comments?" she asked him with the same smile that accompanied her from the moment she laid eyes on the detective. -Those hairs are appalling. It doesn’t suit you at all- commented then.
The armchairs and sofa were in the usual place, right next to the little coffee table clear of newspapers and the various takeaway boxes that had always hidden it from view previously.
It all started two days before, when they were at Scotland Yard signing the report on the "Romeo and Juliet" case; to pass the time while Sherlock once again begged Lestrade for a real crime, John had taken a look at the newspaper, dwelling on the culture page and reading the article about the last foreign film that had won the Oscar and that had returned to the theatres.
I know where we can go" he said, walking the next moment down the sidewalk in the opposite direction to which his "friend" was, expecting Greg to follow him.
Sitting on the couch watching the morning talk shows and basking in your problems? - asked the old man with a wry smile.
-Many things, Sherlock: you might come to see me more often, you could cut those hairs that are definitely out of control, but most of all you could make me  aware of your plans when you decide to stage your own death-she answered.
John stared for a few seconds at the black-haired man, his brain still confused over that brief conversation and unable to find a logical meaning to the situation, then he sighed and passed a hand through his messy hair.
The t-shirt, a dark blue that made the child's eyes pop out, was similar to Hope's one, same design but the words were written in red and said "
Baby Girl listened for a few moments to the baby's heartbeat and then gave the earbuds to John who fixed the stethoscope back in his pocket, then stood up.
Nothing had changed in the last seventeen years: the furniture was the same his parents had bought together, the knick-knacks everywhere on the furniture showed his mother's decidedly questionable love for ceramic figurines, the photographs on the walls told forty years of life together between joys and sorrows.
Sure, he wasn't as elegant as he had been two evenings before, but for a visit to the Zoo with an infant and Sherlock was definitely the ideal outfit.
-My dear Gregory, please don't go any further... I know everything- Mycroft interrupted him in an almost solemn tone.
But I knew you wouldn't be happy, that you'd be disappointed if I let myself go to the darkest part of me-
"Well, if the British government can't get away from this invitation, neither can we" he said, unaware that his words made Sherlock smile happily.
"Was it really necessary?" Greg asked, leaving the take-way bag on the coffee table in the living room and then taking off his coat.
The people who were part of your battalion, on whom your life depends and who within a week you begin to consider your new family... All these things have made my years in the Army worth remembering despite everything- John concluded with a sad smile.
Sherlock brought his attention to the dancefloor and it was then that he realized that he had been lost in his Mind Palace for too long, when raising his eyes, he found himself not even twenty meters away from John, accompanied by Jack and Lestrade.
In order not to damage the name of NSY too much, he asked a few questions to the parking manager, a middle-aged man completely bald and with a prominent stomach, almost certainly due to alcohol abuse, asking if the previous evening he had seen anything strange or out of the ordinary, receiving a laugh in response.
-Honey, after five years you still feel the need to take it slow? I'd understand if either of you were a virgin, but...-
John's muscles stiffened, and the next moment his face moved away from Sherlock's, lowering his head to recover the demeanor needed to confront the intruder.
“Let's just say that the relationship between me and your doctor isn't very cordial right now. And I think it will be even less so when you make your reappearance" he said.
I spent the last three years of my life with the regret that I didn't do enough to convince you to come down, to join me outside, for not understanding what was going on, for calling you a machine the last time we spoke.
"I don't know if I'm honored or offended" Mr. Watson said, moving slightly Hamish's coat to see his face.
The two men looked up at the entrance to the clinic and seeing Stephanie a few steps away, John managed a slight smile, trying to ease the embarrassment that was clearly painted on the woman's face.
Impossible, the evidence was there in one of the many manila-colored files that crowded his desk and the British official had spent hours studying those photos trying to capture every little and more hidden meaning.
"I can find time for it" said the other man, stepping aside for John to walk before him and make his way to the kitchen.
He then walked up the stairs to his room, followed a step away from Jack, leaving Sherlock with the weight of that condemnation.
Thank you for always trusting me, for being by my side despite my anger outburst, my depression and my irksome drunkenness.
It was different from the photos he had seen on internet, more muscular and thin, but the hair remained the same and Jack was sure, that even his face had not changed, despite right now it was covered in yellow bruises for the fight he had with John.
Something had happened, something that had upset Lestrade and clearly had something to do with Emma... not with Emma, with children in general.
Sherlock dropped a hand on John's legs, caressing his right knee slightly, suddenly aware that that unexpected intimacy was not enough; another reassurance that John was indeed there with him on a Saturday night, and not with Micheals or one of his fleeting conquests.
"Well, it's not the first time you've been wrong, and I'm sure it won't be the last, and since there's nothing I can say or do to change my situation at the moment, we can try to fix your relationship" the detective said, setting up a placid Hamish against his right shoulder.
The first few days were rough then luckily, she met Boss who took her under his own wing and hasn't lost sight of her since- narrated John.
-I saw you slip into that disgusting little alley the night you met; I saw pictures of you two having dinner together right after and...-
"Shut up Greg" said John, now free from Sherlock's reassuring embrace, staring at his friend, before taking the few steps to get closer to the inspector and overtake him to get back into the shed, followed a few moments by Greg.
But I love you and I'm willing to do it because I'm convinced that what we have you and I will pay me back for the choice I made-said Greg stretching an arm on the desk, the palm of his hand upwards.
But the next moment she was again on the threshold, her arms around the man's shoulders taking advantage of the slight difference between them and hugging him.
There was something different about his voice, something that led Greg to tilt his head to intercept his friend's gaze to try to figure out what was going through his head at the time, what memories Sherlock’s words had brought back.
In the brief silence that followed, Sherlock observed the strip of black hair, his cheekbones slightly protruding, despite being only a few months old and he felt his breath choke in his lungs.
When he was a child, he was a sweet and affectionate child, extremely curious and full of questions… I remember he always carried a notebook with him on which he wrote all the most urgent questions to ask me or his father, and sometimes he would ask both of us the same questions to check our answers were consistent and that we weren't making fun of him" she told him, always with a smile to stretch her lips.
There was a brief moment of silence, and when the detective spoke again, his voice was closer and slightly lower, in that tone of voice that always provoked unexpected reactions in John.
John passed his hand over his face trying to drive away that feeling of unreality that seemed to have taken hold of him.
She too, like John, at first glance had been attracted to the child starting to speaking with him in the usual child talk, but once she realized John's absence from the apartment and became aware of the child’s genetic heritage, her expression had turned into a total disapproval.
If Daniel would call him, he would meet him to get that information on the case, otherwise he would continue his investigation independently from the boy.
-When I was a kid, I used to get in a lot of fist fights with other kids... Was it the same for you? -asked him in a calm voice, as if he were commenting on the pages of the newspaper in search of an interesting murder.
Again, John smiled, dropping his left hand on the nearest knee, tightening it slightly to reassure him.
The man and the girl had a silent conversation for a few moments before Boss nodded imperceptibly, leading  Baby Girl to do the same and then turn to John.
For a few moments the boy stared at him almost as his words had come out in a different language than English once it left his lips, before frowning.
So they didn't see each other for a couple of weeks, until Mrs. Hudson contacted Greg worried about John: it was a couple of days that she heard no noise coming from the apartment-continued Molly.
He was the cold, cynical one of the couple, not Gregory! His Gregory was the most accommodating and affectionate person he had ever met (except  for John), he could not allow all that was good in his boyfriend and in their relationship to be wiped away because of one mistake.
His first thought had gone to Mrs. Hudson's uncertain health, but the woman had reassured him and told him that she simply did not consider it necessary.
After all, they had so little chance of being together because of their work commitments that Mycroft would certainly not refuse every possible opportunity to be close to his Gregory.
A voice too close to him prevented him from hearing John's whispered answer, and led him to take his eyes off the tea bag, languidly abandoned in the cup, and move it on the still little girl to his right who stared at him with a questioning look.
-It doesn’t matter now... What's his name?" Greg asked as he returned to lay his eyes on Mycroft and the baby.
There is no post-sex smile that accompanies your every action after sexual intercourse, the muscles of your shoulders and back are still tense, obvious sign of frustration and sexual dissatisfaction, and above all there is no trace of Jack on your body- he listed quickly, before taking a long breath, without taking his eyes off John.
Mycroft stared at Greg’s hand a few moments before stretching his own arm and interlaced the fingers of their hands.
-Why doesn't Sherlock ever talk about his father? Or you? -asked John, unable to curb his own curiosity.
He only had to look around for a few moments to find the exact spot where John had stood still, his gaze upwards, where he stood on the ledge and greeted him for the last time.
Would he pretend nothing happened or would he try to reopen the debate and convince him to come home?
As his brain became more alert, a vaguely mischievous smile appeared on the doctor's lips, followed soon after by a happy laugh that rang out within the four walls of the bedroom and which the man tried to hide in his pillow.
Sherlock stared at him for a few seconds, cataloguing the information he found written on the man's face.
Despite his good intentions, John had spent most of the previous night staring at the ceiling, thinking about the lyrics of the song Sherlock had sent him.
-Are you kidding me? I've been waiting for this moment for years; I want to be in the front row...- Sally said with a wry smile.
-The relationship with our brothers is complicated, you're right, but for all his flaws Mycroft has always been there for me, even though I've lost count of the number of times I yelled at him and told him to stay away from me.
-It was pointed out to me that since I invited you, I could not use my acquaintances to get a free dinner, because on a date, the one who made the proposal, in this case me, must pay the bill.
-I've never seen her and yet she's the best thing that's ever happened to me, despite all the problems I've overcome in my pregnancy.
The exact moment he slammed the door in the face to any possible romantic involvement between him and John.
Throughout the evening, the detective had been honest, answering John's questions without any problem, sharing with the doctor a part of himself that he would rather keep quiet forever and for a moment he wondered what was the most suitable choice: say once again the truth or tell only a part of it, the one that would have pleased the doctor?
-Stop sulking!- John told him for the umpteenth time, looking at the still man sitting behind his microscope, which was doing everything to ignore it.
He quickly dressed and fixed his hair, still slightly damp, then retrieved the keys of 221B Baker Street from the now useless black jacket, his mobile phone and wallet before leaving the apartment, hoping of never seeing it again.
A beautiful smile, capable of mixing shyness and happiness, appeared on John's face, illuminating his face.
Sherlock opened his eyes and moved a hand to John's jaw, raising his head just enough to press his forehead against his lover’s.
Both Boss and John were clearly aware that Baby Girl could not take care of that child, not if she kept living on the streets...
He had been polite, he had come to the meeting, letting his curiosity win despite being aware from the very first moment that he would not get anything good from it. He had listened to her as civil as only an English man could do, even though he wanted to yell at her or delete her from the face of the Earth... Yet everything Irene had told him didn't change the reality of things.
What made it all disappointing was the fact that no matter how hard I tried, or what tricks I used to get his attention, Sherlock never gave me his full interest, he was never there with me.
Greg had smiled at his companion and laid his hand on those of his partner, in a reassuring gesture.
He turned to his right and there he saw a black-haired boy, a hoodie that sheltered his slender figure from the cold and after a few moments he immediately knew who it was; the man came to meet him halfway and stopped a few steps away from him.
Finding a taxi anywhere in the city and at any time had never been a problem for Sherlock Holmes, so a few minutes later they were already comfortably seated inside a black cab headed for Baker Street.
Excluding the recommendation to be silent, the little game had continued up the flight of stairs, but at each step the kisses had become longer, more intense and it was increasingly difficult to detach from each other, until they arrived at the door of their apartment and John found himself on tiptoes with his arms around the Sherlock’s neck,  his back to the door.
I won’t allow you to express your inane judgments on topics of which you know absolutely nothing- Irene concluded in a cold voice.
Ever since they had begun to contemplate the idea of a possible relationship between them, the detective had never hidden his feelings, surprising him every time and leaving him speechless, leading him to wonder how it was possible that such a rude and verbally crude man with the rest of the population could be so sweet and sensitive with him.
The detective watched him from the window until he was too far away among the bright night lights and when his gaze turned again on the tabletop, Greg told himself that the last thing he needed was to repeat the experience he had with Sherlock.
The matrix created by the streets of Chinatown had the peculiarity of always converging in the heart of the small neighborhood, in front of the red arches and passing by the tourists main attraction and the golden lions that stood on the small square, thus preventing even the most distracted tourists from getting lost.
A man with his back to the door with short light brown hair and a raincoat on, was busy with his mobile phone, probably answering a text.
"I mean, if you had any peculiar interest, then Harry was the person you had to turn to" Daniel simply replied.
The only love of my life... If you knew how much I love you- Sherlock murmured still confused by his orgasm.
-Mycroft may be a bastard, I agree, but he would never have done something like that, especially not today.
And this time, contrary to what had happened with Molly, Sherlock reciprocated the embrace, clasping his arms around the woman's waist.
Apartment B at 221 Baker Street was shrouded in afternoon sunlight filtering through the living room windows; for once the ever-present experiments that cluttered the kitchen table lay abandoned to their destiny.
John swallowed visibly, impressed by those words, finding himself the next moment fighting the desire to annul the distance between them, to make that small gesture that would take them into Sherlock’s personal space, to turn those fantasies that from days crowded his mind real.
"You said it yourself: there's nothing I can offer to a person with a superior intellect" John replied in a matter-of-fact voice.
Call me if you need anything or if there are any changes, okay? -  Greg said meeting Daniel’s uncertain gaze.
Jack watched him carefully for a few seconds before stretching out to his friend and place a hand on his right arm.
A man who had loved the same woman all his life, despite disagreements and arguments, managing to avoid the danger of monotony and without being tempted by the novelties and dangers of the outside world; a man who had remained with his partner until the very last and who now missed her every day.
Sherlock turned to his right and found himself confronted by a man he did not know, but who was actually really familiar: he must have been in his sixties, gray hair whose tips caressed the base of his neck, green eyes with small flacks of brown, a broad nose and thin mouth.
Sherlock took a deep breath, trying not to think about the next obvious deduction: John had a date with his "boyfriend”.
-Could you keep fighting inside the house? I wouldn't want Mrs. Fleming to know all the details of your private life- Mr. Watson said, looking at the house next door and making a gesture of greeting to the woman who, clearly, was listening to their conversation behind the curtains.
"Wait!" he said, quickly scribbling his mobile number on a blank sheet of his notepad, then tearing it up and giving it to the boy.
-So, this Doctor can go anywhere in Time and Space in a police phone box? -asked in a voice slightly veiled with boredom.
Perhaps he could have met her for a few minutes, giving her his congratulations for finally succeeding in taking Sherlock away from him and then leaving without listening to what Irene had to say.
"Once he and Greg got home, they resumed their friendship" she said, interrupting for a moment and then talking again.
-If what you are looking for is analytical and complete truth about my knowledge and my abilities, then my blog is for you but if you want to know "the man  behind the method" then you should read my colleague's blog- Sherlock replied the next moment.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and move closer to John's face, kissing his left cheek before rubbing the tip of his nose against John’s left ear, heedless of the annoying music that still rang out in the living room.
-However, to answer your question yes, it's hard to find a place where behind the outward normality you practice extreme sex.
When I was eighteen, my father died and from that moment my troubled years began...- he said, turning his gaze in to the restaurant to detach himself from those memories, focusing briefly on the faces of other diners, discovering within a few moments their lives and their secrets, before returning to stare at John.
The doctor glanced at his father and Hamish, engaged in an incomprehensible conversation and sighed.
With a frustrated sigh, Mycroft stood up and stared at him for a few more moments, before heading to the door.
Lady Violet nodded and put her hand on Sherlock’s arm, conscious that those words were as close as to "Sorry" she would ever receive from her son, and then put a kiss on Sherlock’s right cheek.
A honk behind him pulled him from his thoughts and forced him to move, making him decide at the same time.
John nodded and briefly met the black-haired man’s eyes, discovering himself curious: could a new transformation occur during his absence?
Sherlock let out a frustrated sigh: if there was one thing he hated was having to repeat his own words.
-Oh John... You'd find yourself with your back on the ground in 30 seconds without even knowing what happened to you.
One is decidedly more adventurous and risk-loving, while the other, despite loving adventure in the same way feels the need for stability, constant reassurances, of something that reminds her that there is a world beyond her adventures with the Doctor.
He had just closed the front door behind him, when the noise of Gregory's footsteps announced moments before that the man was coming to the entry to greet him.
He rubbed his eyes while lying in bed for a few moments, trying to recognize the music, but he had to admit with himself that pop music was not within his areas of interest.
For the next ten minutes, John focused on tea and toasting bread, like it was a surgical operation of extreme difficulty; Hamish had meanwhile finished his breakfast and Sherlock had clean his plump little hands and face before putting him on the carpet in front of the sofa surrounded by his toys, then went to sit in his own armchair.
It had been an attempt, that stealthy behavior did not seem typical of his former roommate, so he had little hope that the woman in front of him could give him any answers, so he was astonished when the woman nodded.
Although almost a year had passed since his last visit, his steps guided him to his destination without any hesitation, stopping only when he was faced with a black grave, gleaming for the morning frost.
It had been a foolish thought, but it had helped him overcome the days when Sherlock's absence made itself felt stronger, biting his soul and leaving him breathless.
In the meantime, he had thrown himself into work, especially working to recover an ultrasound machine for the visit he had promised Baby Girl and making the usual medical examination on the homeless people, finding that peace that in other aspects of his life were completely lacking.
In the next ten minutes John focused on cooking breakfast and when it was all ready, Sherlock sat down at the table, in his usual place, and looked at the plate of scrambled eggs and toast that John had put before him: the blond didn't particularly like that kind of egg , but every time Sherlock decided to have breakfast on his plate he always found scrambled eggs.
He had finally met Emma, having heard so much about her from John and Jack and found her a cunning and interesting little girl, and was impressed with how she managed to attract the attention of the self-proclaimed sociopath number One Mr. Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock's hands, so far against the door, moved instantly and moved until one was placed in the doctor's thick blonde hair and the other against his side, getting the two bodies closer.
Greg stared at him for a few moments, clearly eager to add something, before stiffening his jaw muscles by exhaling noisily from his nose and nodding.
-Who knows? As far as I know they may have walked past me on the street while I was "busy" in my work- Daniel merely commented carelessly.
Inflamed by that single word, John raised a hand behind Sherlock's neck to level their faces and let their mouths collide in a kiss without any semblance of tenderness: John’s lips closed around Sherlock's lower lip, teasing him with his teeth as his tongue eagerly made his way into Sherlock’s mouth, exploring every corner and every hidden recess with determination, satisfied with the way Sherlock surrendered and responded to his kiss, his pale fingers clenched around his shirt.
Nonetheless, Sherlock had decided that John Watson was the person without whom he was unable to function normally, the missing piece of his soul and after spending three years away, now he seemed unable to be without him even for one night.
If he had not known about John's sexual inclinations, he would have thought that something had happened between them, thus fostering a friendship, as in the past with Sarah Saywer.
“Sherlock I don’t want to get upset cause I want to enjoy this day; also I don't want to force you to come with us because I know you all too well and I know I would end up ruin my day and the kids too. So I'll just accept your reasons with a resigned sigh and a shrug and I’ll keep getting everything I need for this afternoon ready. Greg is gonna be here soon" John told him, focusing his attention on the bag.
-That's what they want to make it look like, but he was already dead before someone hit him on the head.
Aware of Misha's sitting on Sherlock’s shoulders and Hope and Greg sitting behind him, John ended the kiss way too soon and got lost in Sherlock’s ice-blue eyes.
"How can you say that?" responded John. -I could have a collection of guns and rifles in my apartment...-
“... In conclusion, for all these reasons that I just explained to you, I have decided not to take part in this absurd carnival. It is also my firm belief that you should not go either.”
By adolescence things had gotten worse, especially after Harry came out: John had elected himself as his sister's defender against bullies and homophobes, despite being aware that Harry was able to defend herself, often finding himself with the signs of the last brawl clearly evident on his face.
Looking quickly around, John picked the lock and moved the chain just enough to open a single part of the gate, entering into the small courtyard.
Once again, the silence fell in the living room as the two brothers focused their attention on the cups they still clasped between their fingers, despite being half empty and lukewarm, until Harry spoke again.
Is it a crime to wish that a piece of the man you love will continue to live after death?  - he asked.
"What did you tell him?" asked Greg again, trying not to listen to the voice in his head yelling at him to find Daniel before it was too late.
"We met a few hours ago and had a short conversation to get to know each other better, after which he realized that he had abused your hospitality and left" the British official said.
Two hands clasped the sides of his face and convinced him to raise his head again and meet Sherlock's gaze.
The road was still fenced off, prompting the attention of passers-by, and Greg noticed some daredevils approaching the black and yellow stripes, stretching out their neck to look for some more information than those that immediately caught the eye, but as soon as they saw him enter the fenced area they hurried away like frightened mice.
Trying to breathe he turned around Sarah and approached the table, looking again at the contents of the box.
A dubious expression manifested itself on Sherlock’s face, lit up moments later when the situation became clear in his mind.
John and Boss were engaged in conversation until they finally stopped at a door and, in an Indian row, one after the other, entered a room that had once clearly been an office.
If Sherlock had been struck by lightning at the same time, surely it would have surprised him less than those ten words.
-After the speech, I left... It took me two years and two overdoses to convince me to stop taking drugs for good- eventually added Sherlock.
Almost heartened by his decision, John nodded, took a deep breath and walked toward the door of the restaurant.
I had already lost friends and fellow soldiers during my years of service in the Army, but I never suffered for anyone as...-said unable to finish the sentence.
-Ah, well, it's all right then... I can go home with your blessing-John commented sarcastic. - You must have missed a detail though... Sherlock and I are no longer together- he informed her.
Before one of them could add anything else, Greg’s cell phone rang  and, after taking a look at the screen, Greg answered, turning his back on Sherlock.
Now that we have clarified my relationship with Dr Watson can we return to the main topic of the press conference? -.
"We decided to spend the rest of our lives together, as a family, and yet until a week ago we weren't even a couple”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow, struck by those words, but before he could add anything else, the waiter approached their table with the desserts he had ordered at the beginning of the evening to surprise John.
Takes deep breaths, John- she said to him, catching his gaze, and working hard to make the man not let himself fell into a panic attack.
He had tried to overcome his mistrust and tried to know the man for John's sake, although it did not please him at all, but now Sherlock had become once again the villain and he was certain that Jack would take advantage of it to get John back to his bed.
Although Daniel had continued to tease him with mischievous jokes and teases, they had lost much of their malice as days goes by, becoming a private joke between them.
-I have decided that I want to form an exclusive club: with our rules and our order... Just the two of us.
Sherlock had no idea what had driven him to get up and take the few steps that separated him from John, he was only aware of the tension that prevented him from standing still in the same place for more than a few seconds, that desire to be next to John , invade his personal space now that he had the chance, to be sure that the man would not vanish before his eyes suddenly.
Now he could finally take back his own life, regain his identity and start again where he had left off three years earlier.
It's the classic story: a girl falls in love with a boy of a lower class, sleeps with him believing that from that moment they will live the most beautiful story after Romeo and Juliet...-.
Satisfied with the man's disbelieving look, he took a sip from his own cup before staring again at Jack's face.
Jack suddenly interrupted, taking a sip from his own cup, clearly unsure of how to continue the talk, then choosing the path of sincerity.
Should he have to end any relationship with her mother if she shown to be against his relationship with John for some absurd reason?
Excluding the crying that he had announced his presence in the apartment he no longer shed a tear, although Sherlock was convinced that that record would be broken as soon as his brother made an appearance.
That evening, wrapped in his blue silk robe, crouched on his own armchair, his knees folded at chest height, the silence of the night broken only by the occasional siren, deep in his Mind Palace he took out the many information he had about his doctor, scrolling carefully through every single file to find what he needed.
"Also, if we decide to keep it a secret, it would seem that we are ashamed of our feelings and never like this time I am sure of my decision" John concluded.
After recovering Sherlock and heading home, John had also extended the invitation to the detective, who had decreed the whole thing boring, getting angry at him when he found out that John had still made plans with Sally to see the movie.
John didn't notice that he had raised his hand until he felt his fist hit Sherlock's left cheek and the slight grunt came out of the man's lips.
John's jaw hardened to those words, and for a moment Sherlock believed that a new shower of punches would hit him.
They settled on the couch and Greg turned on the TV on the news channel, but lowered the volume to a minimum, aware that his partner would be able to follow each service by reading the anchorwoman's lips.
For Sherlock, that was a positive sign: it would take some time, but in the end, John would forgive him.
A presence appeared behind him, and without turning around, Sherlock realized that Mycroft was there, finally understanding the reason for his presence in front of that door.
-Fine! Go and enjoy your boring movie and your boring night-Sherlock said before John's lips were on his.
As every morning, when he woke up, John basked for a few moments in bed, enjoying the warmth of his blankets, rubbing his still half-asleep eyes before turning the blankets away from his body and standing up, his feet almost touching the beige linoleum.
He wasn't ready yet, he didn't have time to come to terms with what had   happened... He needed to be alone!
-I opened the windows in your old room, but I avoided changing the sheets so as not to make unpleasant discoveries...-comment the old man, managing to snatch a smile from John.
"I think it's better you go alone, you two have a lot to talk about" the older man said as he stood up.
"I don't see what's so strange: my brother's emotions are stuck to that of a five-year-old, so it's logical that he's perfectly comfortable around Emma" he said.
John had completely forgotten the man's presence in the room, such was his focus on Baby Girl, the little girl and the procedure.
-As much as I love London at night, I don't think I would have fallen into your bed with such a trick-commented John.
After a few moments of silence in which neither of them could find a solution to get out of that impasse, John nodded and walked to the door.
-Mr. Watson- a voice made his way through his thoughts leading him to lay his gaze on the male hostess standing next to his seat with his eyes fixed on him. -Mr. Watson, will you follow me please?"  he asked then.
"You're going to turn all girls' heads as you grow up" John said in a whisper, stroking his slightly wavy hair.
It was absurd to think as it used to be, before living together with Sherlock, the mere idea of a stranger in his room would make him attentive and responsive in a few seconds, the gun already clenched between his fingers.
With the note still in his hand, he dropped on the sofa next to the wicker basket, his fingers in his hair.
A guttural sound came out of Hamish's lips making him laugh and leading him to caress his soft and slightly plump fingers: perhaps the child would avoid the talking skeleton effect that seemed to afflict both Mycroft and Sherlock.
Until now, it had never been a problem, and he had never had to strive so hard... But never before had their relationship been so much in trouble.
So even if we tried in every way not to define our relationship, the gay rights associations, the journalists, the moms at kids' school, even Tesco cashiers, did it for us.
You will hear so many bad comments and so many lies about him, but you do not listen to it; your father is rude ninety percent of the time, incredibly savvy, especially when he knows he's right, and it can make you angry even with a simple question.
Around him the forensics team was finishing collecting the last evidences, while Sally and Greg were on the right side of the bed, the left side empty, giving Sherlock and John space to analyze the body.
The man frowned and made to reply, but at that moment the noise of the creaking steps announced John's arrival and soon after the man's blonde head peeped into the stairwell.
Sherlock watched his friend carefully, reading on his face the anger, pain, and shame that experience, and those words brought with him.
The two men turned to the inspector, whose face was alighted with a satisfied smile, his arms fastened to his chest.
"Do you like my voice?"  John asked gently, stretching his free arm towards Hamish and stroking his black hair, discovering them soft and thick despite his young age.
He was aware that his partner would not be happy for his intervention, but a man of his stature and with his job could not risk being associated with the scum that at that time slept peacefully in one of the guest rooms.
"I'm so angry with you right now" John said in a whisper before caressing Sherlock’s earlobe with the tip of his tongue.
"I'm trying to get Mrs. Hudson to run away with me to Gretna Green and get married" he told him, making the old woman laugh.
His hand was already in the right pocket of the Belstaff, where he kept the case with the tools needed to break through a door, while checking that the church was empty, when a voice stopped him.
"I knew there was so much more under this calm and reassuring look... - Sherlock commented intrigued.
"Do you really have such a low esteem of me?" Greg asked then, unable to hide how much that situation hurt him.
Dragging behind his leg John cross the hallway, and he made his way to the exit, and only when he was outside, he allowed his body to gave in.
Every tiny cell of Moriarty’s web had fallen: deceased or in a high-security cell in some remote prison.
That teenage boy was a bunch of skin and bones held together by his own clothes, and for a moment Greg remembered the first encounter he had with Sherlock: same thinness, same reticence, fortunately in this case he did not have to deal with a young man who was high on cocaine, but this did not rule out that he needed his help.
-I'm going to bring something to eat. You know I don't trust Sarah's kitchen- Jack said twisting his mouth.
- John was always a reserved person, but after your death he closed himself up even more. Greg was the only one who witnessed his moments of weakness, who helped him get back on his feet... At least until Jack's arrival.
Someone who loves him... And despite your constant protests, I'm sure you're the right person- she said in a still voice.
Irene had acted behind his back, had turned his life upside down once again, just now that everything seemed to be going well, but Sherlock could clearly see the pattern behind that choice: the desire  to give Hamish the best tools to become a great man, as any mother would have done.
John briefly imagined a possible marriage, the expression on Sherlock's face as he proposed, the knowledge that no one could ever separate him from Sherlock.
-Then you should start from there: we all make mistakes Johnny, but nevertheless we have to keep trying-
Initially Mycroft had made some resistance, but in the end, he had to admit with himself that he preferred that closeness to having to speak on opposite sides of a table.
When the door to the apartment opened and John entered the flat, Sherlock realized that once again nothing would go as he had planned.
At the age of six, however, he was totally unable to handle the situation: from his point of view, the people subjected to his "scrutiny" had to be grateful to him for the revelations that he discovered with a single glance.
The feeling of being observed that had accompanied him in those last days, in that moment was amplified: the complete attention of the two Holmes brothers was focused on him and that conversation.
Hope and Hamish ran to hug Sherlock clinging to the man's long legs and hips, snatching a smile from him.
The last sentence caused a shiver down Jack's back, bringing to mind an unpleasant past not too far away.
"The only way to find out is to come back tonight and have a talk with Prince Harry's colleagues" Sally said, giving voice to the thought that was spinning in her mind.
Moments later, Greg turns around and met the detective's gaze and stared him down with two furious eyes.
- You may have saved my life from a sniper, Sherlock but at the same time you pulled the trigger yourself.
John had always had luck with the ladies, partly because of his charm and gentle manners, but partly thanks to Harry's tales: knowing what worked  for his sister put him in an advantageous position, making him aware of what aroused a girl and what did not work.
"You were just trying to get them to stop harassing your sister" said Sherlock perfectly capable to see a teenage John fist fighting a bunch of kids to defend his sister's honor.
It was almost midnight when Greg and Sally took leave of the two men, giving only a quick glance at the figure who had stood still in the living room for the length of the dinner, sitting in his own armchair.
Sherlock arched an eyebrow at those words ready for a sarcastic joke, but John sighed and walked away, making quick strides towards the apartment door.
Although Mycroft had always made available to him "safe" apartments, Sherlock felt the need to blend in with the crowd, to make himself invisible, because only  in that way  he would really be able to find his target.
-I think it's better for John if we try to get along, instead of avoiding each other every time we're in the same room.
Sherlock shrugged his shoulders and abandoned the towel on John's armchair, then stopped by the sofa.
Considering the clothing, he must have spent the night in the apartment, but when Sherlock had returned from one of his stake-out, he had found no trace of the man’s presence, there had been no suspicious noise...
John swallowed, not knowing what to do or say for the umpteenth time since this absurd situation began.
The routine was the same as every Tuesday: he had woken up that morning with a  mild headache,  as a reminder of the previous night, which he had quickly driven away with a couple of  aspirins; he had dressed quickly and had come to work, ready to put his knowledge and gifts at the service of children with running noses and  elderly people whose real problem was loneliness.
For the umpteenth time, Sherlock found himself at a crossroads: a road would allow him to continue living his life as he had done up to that point, with the mere concession of a night of madness that he would remember for a lifetime, but which he would never talk about to avoid awkward moments for John.
-I don't know what to do Molly. Not knowing things scares me- he confessed honest, letting his fear show for the first time since Hamish arrival that morning.
-THIS IS YOUR HOME! -exploded Sherlock, arms wide open to indicate the living room and all the objects in it- Your things are still here, your clothes, your precious RAMC mug, you just have to look around to notice your presence in every room of this apartment.
I'm sure it'll be an experience I'd remember all my life- the inspector ironically responded, dropping himself on one of the chairs in front of the desk.
I'm going to keep tormenting you about food and the hours of sleep needed for a healthy life, and I'm going to keep scolding you for the body parts in the fridge and the eyes in the microwave.
-I tried to hold my hand up there for a few minutes, but nothing happened, are you sure you didn't imagine it? - Boss retorted to Baby Girl.
The doctor glanced at the watch on his right wrist and quickly calculated what he should carry with him before meeting Sherlock's gaze which, clearly, had not strayed from him from the moment Mrs. Hudson had given him the small piece of paper.
He closed his eyes and for the first time since the Baker Street door was closed behind him, John allowed his brain to reflect on what had happened that morning: Sherlock had a son.
Even then, while his father had peacefully accepted his choice, despite his concern and many reservations, his mother had spent two days crying every time she laid eyes on him, trying to make him feel guilty enough to change his mind, but with no results.
Sherlock reflected a few minutes on his words before sighing and nodding; meeting his gaze Greg nodded as well, glad that his advice had not been labeled as trivial or useless.
The next moment he walked to the front door, leaving Mycroft alone with his own thoughts, his own ghosts and a large empty house.
Four hours had passed since his return to Baker Street and naively, Sherlock had hoped to find the doctor at home, waiting for his return ready to talk about what had happened, but had to think again at the sight of the empty apartment.
He had smoked the first cigarette quickly, consuming it in a few puffs, and had lit another with the butt still on, slightly annoyed at his inability to silence John's words that still resonated in his mind.
In his account he had described in detail all that had happened, all the people he had met in his path, but he had deliberately left out a detail: Irene.
He instantly realized that he had said something wrong when Greg's face was transfigured by an unexpected coldness.
-Maybe another time...-Sherlock reassured him before lowering his gaze and taking John’ erection in a loose hold before moving his head closer and licking a slow, winding line along the entire length.
-I realized something was bothering you in the last few days, something that drove you away from me, leading both of us to desert our apartment... But I really don't know what it is.
- He must have practiced a lot during your partnership, because you never understood his true feelings in 18 months.
After taking another deep breath, John settled down next to Hamish, his legs crossed on the floor, as he was six years old, and in the parish of Saint Thomas along with the scouts' group, observing the little boy.
Since he came back to Baker Street, John had promised himself not to get too caught up in the vortex that had become Sherlock's new life: the detective had recently become a father, he needed to find new balances, to create a relationship with Hamish and the last thing he needed was John's meddling.
When he opened his eyes again, he had to blink several times to make the watery veil that clouded his vision disappear.
-How could you... You lied to me for years and you would have kept doing it if it wasn't for Irene and her tricks- John said, both hands clasped on the edge of the fireplace.
-The man I love has a son with the only woman he’s ever loved! Of course it pisses me off! -he snapped; his voice slightly higher.
Instead the man had stayed by his side the whole time, chatting mainly with Emma, answering her questions, despite some being clearly silly for the detective's great intellect.
Greg looked for a way to hold him back, considering once again the possibility of dragging him to the station.
That's ridiculous! It's impossible that the poison came into circulation from his lips, it wouldn't have been enough!- Sherlock retorted.
We are his parents and that’s why Irene entrusted him to us: I can already imagine him perfectly, this curly-haired lanky boy with my intelligence and your charisma.
John returned to sit on the sofa, a short distance from his sister, making her feel his understanding but without taking her hand, aware that Harry would close off instantly.
"The school is closed for The Bank Holiday" the girl informed him, removing the backpack and placing it on her lap.
There were days when we didn't say a word to each other, but we kept following one another with our eyes when me or him went out of the room to make sure the other didn't go anywhere at any moment.
It was only when they heard the front door slamming downstairs that Emma turned to John with a 32-tooth smile.
Taking that extra step, achieving that intimacy that everyone believed was obvious would have meant the point of no return for the detective.
Moderately calmer, he brought the scarf back to his face, inhaling again the scent he had felt terribly lacking in those years.
"Sooner or later I'll go and see her," Sherlock said distractedly, watching the countryside run away of the window.
-Irene had the right contacts, managed to get me safe places and ammunition at the right time, put me in touch with some of the targets and lastly, she knows a wide range of poisons.
For the first time in many years, John felt lighter, finally free of a burden that had accompanied him since his return to Afghanistan.
Sherlock opened his belt quickly and eagerly, the button and the zipper of John’s slacks following swiftly letting them fall around his ankles, before gripping the boxer band with both hands and, encouraged by the groans coming from John's lips, touched the rigid line of John’s erection with the tip of his nose.
-The only logical explanation... - Greg murmured in disbelief before the anger took over - It's a sixteen-year-old boy! – he yelled at him.
"Shut up Sherlock!" murmured John in response, bringing his face closer to him and kissing Sherlock again.
Slowly Daniel’s right eyelid lifted, showing a red iris of blood to which John pointed his light to control the pupil's responsiveness.
Only an idiot would apply the rules of feelings to a man like Sherlock Holmes who, by his own definition, considered feelings "useless and superfluous".
Unaware of the tremor that had taken hold of his body, a hand clasped spasmodically around the door jamb, Sherlock kept his gaze fixed on John, eager to know and at the same time frightened by what the man would tell.
With a small reassuring smile on his lips, to help clear the confusion still in Sherlock’s eyes, John eliminated the distance between them, his gaze fixed in his partner’s icy-blue ones.
Sighing frustrated, John pulled his phone out of his pocket and opened the text, freezing as soon as he read the words.
A pop song rang out from the amplifiers, leading the crowd of men on the dancefloors to utter shrill cries that prompted the detective to roll his eyes, before catching the amused smile on the doctor's lips.
A flash of wrath appeared in Sherlock's icy-blue eyes, leading him to curl his fleshy upper lip and give him an almost wild look, which he managed to hide within a few seconds, causing the usual mask of indifference to fall on his face.
It would be obvious to everyone that John Watson and Sherlock Holmes were together... And an unexpected thrill descended the detective's back, forcing him to come to terms with his own feelings and expectations he didn't think he had.
-Well, it seems obvious to me why... John must be really sexually frustrated if he decided to go back with that man" he said, looking for a logical thread in his thoughts.
"What are you doing here Sherlock?" asked John, in a patient voice, but from whom he could see the vein of rage that flowed underneath.
Above all, it had left him confused and vulnerable with many questions crowding into his head unanswered.
Baby Girl, however, avoided his eyes for a few moments, raising her head and looking for the reassuring presence of Boss who until then had stood by her in silence without ever meddling, aware of how important the conversation was.
He had foolishly convinced himself that it was enough to get the doctor back to Baker Street to magically solve their problems, but it was obvious that he had to take the first step if he wanted to change the situation: after what had happened, John could no longer trust him, so it would be up to Sherlock to prove to him that despite the lies and silences, he was still worthy of his friendship, his trust and above all his love.
-You're right. I know you're right- he said. - I promise to talk to him as soon as he gets back to London, but in the meantime promise me that you won't tell Sherlock anything about this-
Once shaved and dressed, he went downstairs and had a quick breakfast before putting on his coat, checking that his wallet and house keys were in his pockets, where he had left them the day before and went out.
As if the sound of his voice was what he was looking for, Hamish's eyes rested on his face promptly, meeting John’s.
"Since when do you care about my relationship with your brother?" asked Greg, his forehead now perpetually frowned, and his dinner forgotten.
Once again, his mind kindly provided him with the reverse situation, with Sherlock in his place and Irene on the carpet in front of the sofa...
Sherlock moved his head slightly to meet John’s gaze that close, the doctor's fluffy hair stroking his cheek.
If I were you, I would look in the clubs where S&M sex is practiced, especially private and exclusive clubs- said John.
-What do you usually do when you bathe? -Sherlock asked her to start the conversation, even though he felt shuddering at the banality of his question.
John had accompanied her to his bedroom and told her a short story before giving her a good night and returning to the living room, where he had gone busy tidying up the room before briefly entering the kitchen to pour himself a generous glass of whiskey.
"So, the music helped you cover the silence" said the other, wondering why it had been so difficult for him to understand.
Their lips touched several times, in a power play that saw Sherlock lose and that forced him to open his lips and let John's tongue creep inside, not before a bite was left on his lower lip.
Finally Sherlock looked away from Tommy and move his glare to John, clearly challenging him to stop him, to give him a valid reason to interrupt that conversation.
The smile on the man's face became even brighter, and happy to see him truly serene for the first time that night, Jack reached out and took his friend’s hand.
I'd buy a dog and continue our usual life, maybe slightly less dangerous, until we're too old to run after criminals-
So many times, watching Sherlock at work at a crime scene he had found himself wondering if Yard officers would notice a hickey left in the right spot, just hidden by the collar of his coat.
A quick cab ride had taken him to SoHo, and once in the club it was enough to look around for a few moments to know that John had not arrived yet: knowing Lestrade they had stopped to drink a pint at the pub, to get rid of the stress of a work day at the Yard.
He was aware that Mrs. Hudson had taken on the task of feeding Sherlock, trying to get him to least put on some of the weight lost during his absence, and he was infinitely grateful for that.
He would have been able to accept the yells, the furious arguments, even the objects thrown against the walls instead of that silence.
Greg shook his head, trying to recover from the surprise and smiled at him, this time conveying the happiness he felt in having him home.
The man sitting in the A6 seat took refuge in his own mind, thus annulling all the external noises: he was in no hurry to get out, as opposed to his fellow passengers.
"Hamish” answered the black-haired man, trying to hide his amazement at the sight that was before him.
-Did you really believe that I was fucking Daniel?- Greg asked in a detached voice, as if he were working to caricature him.
-Victor found me interesting and was not bothered by my deductions, he actually found them brilliant.
Then there were many photos of John with a little girl, almost ten years old, Sherlock estimated, and these were the funniest photos and the only ones in which John's smile was sincere.
-Well... Let's just say I'm still working on it...-Sherlock simply just said staring at John firmly.
"That certainly makes it less boring" Sherlock said in a hoarse voice that he hurried to hide clearing his throat.
Also, if you can keep up with the father, I don’t think you will have much difficulty with the miniature version-answered the old man with a small smile on his lips.
So, what are you going to do considering that this little girl is the reason you can't go back to your family? -Sherlock asked trying not to be too harsh.
-How do I know that in five or ten years you won't change your mind and come back to getting him back, maybe trying to woo Sherlock and destroy my life again? -
The news that Sherlock Holmes, the sociopath par excellence, had become a father had spread among the investigative team with the speed of a lightning, followed by the news of John leaving Baker Street, and all of the members, starting with Sally and Anderson ending up with the last agent, were looking forward to take a look at the "poor unfortunate" baby.
Upon entering the living room, Sherlock was confronted by Jack, who returned Robert's gaze with a particularly concerned one, until he noticed Sherlock's presence.
They were both on the bed, Tom as you see him, but she almost fall out of the bed facing the floor-reported Greg.
It was only when he heard the door to John's room close that the detective stood up and walked into the kitchen, paying no attention to his mother, feeling slightly guilty about the suffering that, even the slightest hint of his disappearance seemed to provoke in John.
His thoughts were interrupted by the insistent whistle of the kettle and with a mechanical move, he poured water into the mug watching as it quickly colored.
The marks on his face showed that the initial anger had passed, now they could deal with that topic as in the past they had discussed crime scenes and all the problems that living together entailed.
After all, how many times had Sherlock seen him go out on a date with another woman, or with another man in recent weeks, fully aware of what his main purpose was, what his goal was at the end of those dates?
"Yeah…I needed time to think and I had the "luck" to meet someone who was able to help me get the whole thing sorted out" he said, staring intently at Sherlock icy-blue eyes to make him understand what he had been silent about.
Mycroft rose with grace and speed and made his way to the living room but did not let his anxiety and relief shine through when the inspector returned home.
For years John had not met the man and listening to the tone of voice and the words used in that short sentence, one might have believed that the two were perfect strangers.
-Gregory asked me the same question when he was in your place and, unlike Sherlock, Mycroft has a portrait of Alastair in the living room of their apartment.
Everything I know about him, I know thanks to your mother's stories and the portrait Myc keeps in the living room... You two never talk about him-said Greg serious.
"My kids told me you were good, although Harriet used a language that was certainly more colorful-comment him in a calm voice.
He closed the door behind him and barely had time to put the keys into the pocket of his jacket that Mrs. Hudson came out of her flat.
When John came to me to tell me that Irene had entered a witness protection program in America, I could read the lies clearly on his face, that would be enough to find out the truth.
-I read on the internet last night searching for any good ideas but it turned out to be useless: many sites say that to make a  "perfect" date you have to surprise your partner, take it to some special or fun place, like a fair or on a roller coaster, even in a luxury hotel...-
"You have to work on your pickup lines" Daniel said, breaking the silence as soon as the waiter walked away.
Eager to undo any distance between them, Sherlock closed his arms around John's waist,  starting again the abruptly interrupted kiss
So, I lied, and I accepted the lie that was being told to me, with the certainty that that chapter of our story was definitely closed.
The detective turned around, causing a slight movement of the blue robe and brought his eyes to the face of the man who had stood up by the sofa.
If you come to offer yourself as a human sacrifice to save someone against a homicidal maniac and then agree to blow up, it really must be love-comment John, slightly lowering his voice, finding it hard to remember those moments.
The man quickly observed the pilot: clearly  in his forties, recently divorced, with an incipient baldness that he tried to cure with oily and useless products, smoker in clear abstinence because of the long flight.
At least I didn't pretend to be dead for three years-commented unable to keep that remark to myself.
It wasn't the first time he'd heard it, even Mycroft loved his hairs, but Greg couldn't understand their appeal.
-Oh, please, Anderson don't inflict your opinions on the rest of the world! If you decide to die for the person you love, you don't back down at the last minute- Sherlock said bitter, trying to ward off the unrelenting thoughts that made their way into his mind.
Don't tell me. I know your name and I honestly don't care to know anything else-he added in the same frosty tone that several times had petrified Heads of State and Ministers.
-Arrived in London, you came out, with various homosexual experiences, but an alcoholic night with Miss Morstan resulted in Emma, scaring you to death initially, but then when it became clear that Miss Morstan would keep the baby, you said yourself that it could be the only chance to have children, not to mention that Emma would silence your parents' complaints about your life choices and your friends- Sherlock quickly deduced.
Sherlock hinted a smile, lacing an arm around the man's waist, pulling John more against himself: he needed to feel John as close to him as possible, and John seemed to feel the same as he tied his arms around Sherlock’s neck, his chest against that of the black-haired man.
All these years he had been convinced that Mycroft had made them disappear and the sudden reappearance of the scarf was crushing proof of his theory.
His surprise was therefore enormous when he was confronted by a man in a three-piece suit accompanied by his customary umbrella.
During that long speech John had remained silent, his gaze fixed on the other man face, interrupting the monologue only a few times to get more information or to voice his indignation at the villainousness shown by the detective on some occasion.
He was distant, lost in his own thoughts, but I always thought there was a completely different man behind the barrier, so I kept trying until I got results.
"I think your knowledge of human biology stretches enough to come to the right conclusion: in thirteen weeks Baby Girl will go into labor and... - said John trying to maintain a neutral tone.
The doctor arched his eyebrows, scrutinizing his friend's face, trying to figure out what upset him and unconsciously raised a hand and moved some disheveled curls from his forehead, then letting his fingers slide along his prominent cheekbone.
John was an adrenaline junkie... He could have staged a fake kidnapping, perhaps leaving some clues simple enough even for Lestrade to find, that would lead them to his bunker... But if John would have found out it was all a set-up, he would have been even more enraged, making their current situation worse.
Greg at first tried to get him to eat, but then John kicked him out... I think he said something that wasn't very pleasant.
John wondered how much of the detective's adventures had been revealed to the reporters, hoping for a moment that the man had left aside the bloodiest details.
"More" Greg said, referring to the small portion Mycroft had prepared for himself, before stealing a spring roll from the container.
Meeting his lover’s ice blue eyes again, John bent over him to lay his lips on Sherlock’s full, swollen ones, sinking his tongue into his mouth, licking every hidden corner; one hand resting on Sherlock's chest, John pushed him slightly backwards ending their kiss, letting the other fell on the bed.
-Then you should be equally attached to all the patients in your clinic instead you sigh with relief as soon as you step out of that door.
The doctor took a sip from his own cup, casting a glance at Sherlock who, after those words, had clearly tensed his back.
At the sound of the estranged voice, the two men shifted their gaze to the right where Mr. Watson was watching the scene, moving his gaze on Sherlock and on his own son.
-Please tell me what you're thinking... - John asked her to break the silence that became every minute more oppressive.
-Just because no one has ever succeeded before it doesn’t mean that it is impossible; you only have to find the appropriate instructions-continued unworried Sherlock.
What surprised him even more was that when he finally decided to open it, after many hesitancies, the only thing he found was a multimedia link and the usual initials SH.
Lost as it was in his thoughts, he did not notice that John had responded to the little girl, to whom she had simply nodded.
John and Sherlock stared at each other for a few moments, Baby Girl's quiet sobs breaking a silence laden with electricity and unspoken words, until Sherlock turned with an elegant gesture, shrugged his shoulders to the rest of the audience and took refuge in his own bedroom, the door closed to temporarily protect him from the storm that would soon hit.
Carefree laughs and recommendations to be silent to avoid waking up Mrs. Hudson had led John, standing on the first step, to turn to the detective, still at the bottom of the staircase and to lay a few kisses on the black-haired man lips, both hands on Sherlock’s cheeks.
"Hey, a man is still allowed to dream, isn't he?" retorted Greg, sinking his hands into the pockets of his pants.
Not now, of course, not with all the problems we have at the moment, but definitely in a couple of years I would try to put a ring on his finger.-
Surprised by that unexpected gesture, Sherlock initially stiffened, turning slightly his face above his left shoulder to meet John's gaze, but uselessly, thus deciding to lower his gaze on the blonde man's hands, tight around him and gently stroking one with his right hand.
"Sorry" John muttered when a small lament came out of Daniel's half-closed lips, moving his fingers away from his right eye. -Can you open your eye for me, please?-
You don't get a nickname like yours spending the night playing charades -Sherlock commented, causing the other to smile amused - But that doesn't change the fact that in the end you chose me... Didn't you? -he asked John the next moment, worried that his great speech might backfire.
They were in the living room, Sherlock sitting in his chair and Molly on the couch with Hamish on her lap and it was impossible not to notice the careful looks that she addressed to him every two minutes before returning to take care of the child.
Left alone, Greg took a deep breath and walked down the hall at the end of which was Mycroft's office, just for meetings with the public.
In the moment it took the detective to tighten his fingers around the handle, his fingertips grazed the back of the doctor's hand, releasing a slight electric shock that led John to quickly withdraw his hand.
If there was one thing John Watson had learned to handle in years of living together, it was a stubborn Sherlock Holmes on a tantrum.
He had not resisted, he had let John hit him repeatedly without even defending himself, because a part of his brain kept telling him that he deserved those blows, that John needed to vent his anger and that he would wait for the end of that shower of fists to speak, to make the doctor see reason.
Would he really send Hamish away, erasing his memory from his Mind Palace, when he was aware that he was the only person who could help him find his way and express his potential to the fullest?
-We'd better go home. It's getting late and I'm really starting to get cold-commented John at the end.
A sudden voice made them both jump, leading John to turn his gaze toward the bathroom door, where standing by the bathroom door Jack watched the scene before his eyes.
For a brief moment John felt guilty about the punishment he had inflicted on his friend, but he took a hold of himself by recalling the chaos that had been unleashed and was still raging in his mind since Hamish's appearance.
Sherlock nodded slowly, reflecting on his words before standing up, again controlled by the nervous energy that characterized him and which with a few steps led him to the office door.
"John..."said Sherlock in a low voice, finding himself speechless, unable to give voice to the turmoil that was stirring within himself.
Fortunately, I was able to offer her the best possible care without the good doctor noticing anything" Mycroft explained.
John stepped forward and remained silent as he watched his friend, aware that whatever he said would be the wrong thing; only when Sherlock met his gaze again, John felt that all was fine.
-Please... Even rocks know that you are hopelessly in love with Holmes-answered Sally in a jovial tone.
-It's not finished yet, but you can see that for now he doesn't need a lot of stuff around him- John carried on.
Launching a sneaky glance at Sherlock, to understand how uncomfortable that conversation made him, John managed to catch the last hints of the stealthy smile had drawn on the man's full lips.
Breathing noisily, John moved away from the detective and turned around, shifting the weight of his body on his knees long enough to get rid of the his t-shirt, before straddling Sherlock’s lap, wrapping his arms on Sherlock’s shoulders, bending his head down to meet once again his lover’s lips.
After the body had been taken to the Barts morgue, he and Sally had questioned the manager of the diner where the body had been found, about the evening routine before closing time, whether the dumpster had a key or was accessible to everyone and asking him to send the waiters of the evening shift to Scotland Yard to be questioned about anything strange that might have happened last night.
Sherlock pushed down again until John’s cock was deep in his mouth brushing against his throat. He swallowed tightening his suction and feeling the rest of it throb. John’s fingers in his hair increased their grip, almost getting painful, without John making any hint of moving his hips towards Sherlock's mouth, appealing to all his willpower, enjoying every moment until Sherlock pulled his mouth away from his erection.
"So let me get this straight," Sherlock let go of John's hand and placed his own two hands on Lestrade's shoulders, "Your soulmate is my brother?"
Domestic bliss. Sherlock would never admit to calling it that, especially not to Mycroft, but it’s true. John, back at the flat, back
John smiles loosely. "You did know what godfather meant when you agreed to the role, right?" Sherlock bites his lip, then slowly nods.
John turned to Sherlock and said, "I don't know why we complain. Johnlock is the best thing that ever could have happened to me."
John stormed off to his bedroom in a bout of true teenage angst as his mother quietly called after him, “John…”
Sherlock gives it a go, presses it to his ear. "Oh." He realises, mouth dropping open in shock. "He’s speaking Bastardian."
The school had been setting up online lessons through the platform Zoom, now. It had been three days. John has been miserably completing his work on his bed, avoiding Harry and her thesis, and simultaneously working out his dad’s timetable so he could effectively sneak into the kitchen for lunch without provoking the monster. He hadn’t had a lesson on Zoom yet, and for that he was grateful. A new bruise was sporting on his shoulder, a living proof of why this house was dangerous, and although it wouldn’t be able to be seen, it would hurt like a son of a bitch whenever he had to move it around.
"Move out?" John’s voice has no humour in it. "Sherlock, you must know, surely you’ve...deduced it by now, I mean. Bloody consulting detective."
"Gavin," Sherlock interjects mindlessly. It’s an instinct, now. Rosie will get terribly confused if he continues to alter his name in her mind.
When it all dies down, and Mycroft is batting off a shock blanket in favour of a cup of tea and the return of his umbrella, Sherlock turns to Rosie who is staring at Greg. Fretting around to try and get the medic to come and put Mycroft on a stretcher he will not lie down on, Greg is the epitome of a worried partner.
Then Sherlock had died, and John had contemplated it. Death - and therefore the will had been removed, never updated, just staring at it. Thinking about it. There was no changes to make to it, necessarily, although he’d probably do a donation to charity instead of gifting all the money to Harry in assurance that it would go to waste.
He could hear a pin drop. The boy is blinking as though waiting for a response and John drinks in his appearance again, hoping it won’t disappear. He’s wearing a suit (who does that, it’s school?!), with a full on black blazer and buttons slightly undone, and his shirt is purple and god John can’t. He just can’t even with this boy.
Instead, John unclenches his fist and turns to his partner (Partner. Sherlock despises even thinking of it. If he hadn’t intervened tonight they would be classified as fiancés, but he cannot do that to his beaten and shattered heart, not tonight of all nights).
One could describe he and Sherlock as lovers if not for the minor mishap that they simply weren’t like that physically. Or emotionally really, no matter how many hugs were enjoyed. Surprisingly the two British, stiff-upper-lip men had become quite accustomed to the occasional hug. It hadn’t been an outcome that he’d expected but was one that John eventually learned to appreciate, when Sherlock reached out, arms wide, no words needed.
"Starving." And they both chuckle. This isn’t normal. They both know this isn’t how friends work, but it’s happening and that’s okay. And eventually Sherlock removes his head from John’s chest and they get up wearily and Sherlock wakes Rosie and John starts on the eggs because Sherlock still can’t cook to save his life and the day begins.
Sherlock’s parents adored Rosie - there was simply no other word for it. They doted on her endlessly when they had her, and Sherlock often scowled over it. John knew, however, that he was grateful for his parents being there for his new found family however bizarre it had become. The child who wasn’t his, but really, really was. They should make that official, John is sure that Mycroft has a document somewhere.
"I’m in love with you, you fool." John let’s out a chuckle, although it’s tinged with a nerve Sherlock can relate to.
They love each other and soon enough John has to change his will once again, on a night with tumblers of whiskey, to change Sherlock’s status to "Husband"
"Oh for god’s sake," he grabs John’s face, hesitates when he stares at him for a spilt second, and then kissed him with all the urgency he’s got. "I’m tired of pretending," Sherlock’s voice is shaky when he emerges from the kiss, attempting to stare at the floor. Submissive. It’s not like him at all.
"We got along so well, right from the beginning. And I was a wreck when you...left, even though I hadn’t known you that long." John nods, certain. "Definitely soulmates."
, and then he had a secret sister. Never any time to do something as mundane and boring as update the will, no matter how important it pe"Do you have one?" John queries, and Sherlock shakes his head. It seems stupid, infuriating really, that he doesn’t have a will despite have nearly died so many times.
But at the end of the day an email pinged through on his school account and he rolled over to look at his laptop, chewing slowly on a packet of crisps.
But soon the Year 11 disappears into distance, Mr Halesworth answering another question and John quickly remembered he’s supposed to be learning and writing this stuff down, and the boy with his curls and suit and genius disappears back into the depth of the other students and John doesn’t even know his name.
Mycroft is still refusing to get onto the stretcher and John frowns, ready to prowl into action. "I do think he should probably lie down. He must be in a lot of pain, with that broken arm and no meds."
The first time it had happened Sherlock had apologised profusely, staring at the ceiling, his arms and legs now released from their unconscious embrace. But John had chuckled and repeated those words. "It’s all fine."
But what did John’s opinion matter? He was new and didn’t have any sway with the team aside from his friends. Maybe if Olly got injured, then Greg could be Captain one day. Or even him….
It turned out that the thing was actually Mycroft, who was smiling and holding the ever present umbrella.
Also I regret to inform you that it will not just be our class. Simultaneously I teach the Year 11s at 9am and the school has decided we are to teach the Year 11s who are continuing Chemistry at A-Level in conjunction with your class. They will not be expected to keep up with the work and we are continuing on with the syllabus as normal, not restarting the year. This is simply booster tasks for them and I will not let it interfere with your learning.
Yes, one could describe himself and Sherlock as lovers. Both of them loved each other deeply, dearly, and would do anything for each other and to protect Rosie. John would, and had, shot men for him in the past. Sherlock in turn had nearly died. So many times, and in so many ways. (For John, but that was left unsaid).
They’d both put Rosie to bed half an hour ago, Sherlock crooning a little song he’d made up (John has extracted the lyric about murder) and John tucking her in. She’d fallen asleep almost as soon as John turned out the lights.
Sherlock. Like Uncle My likes Uncle Geo-Greg, but won’t tell him because he’s too scared. Which is ridiculous, by the way, because Uncle Greg doesn’t the same thing to him."
"So when I met Mary I told her that you had an important position in my life and you were going to be put first - even though you are, were - sorry, habit - dead. She knows me better than I think most people do and she knows that her and I...won’t be getting married. In fact I won’t be dating her." John’s looking at him like one of his girlfriends, like when he wants to charm someone.
He’d known that Sherlock was fully committed to loving them, and would not be one for loving them halfway. John had moved in with him before he knew anything about the genius, and he’d moved in now because he loved Sherlock Holmes, Twitter obsession and all.
stop crying, as though she knew her mum was dead. But then, he couldn’t have found another woman he only half loved to look after his child, and no-one would want him with all his baggage.
"A cabin up in Scotland, maybe? You being all by yourself would drive you insane, so maybe not then. You’d have shot yourself out of boredom."
Sherlock’s heart did not commit to something lightly, hence why unsolved cases bothered him so much. He didn’t commit to people lightly either - either hating them or caring deeply. Greg, Molly, Mrs Hudson, his brother. And John and Rosie, of course.
"We should go and see your parents soon," John murmurs, just to say something, as one of the logs crackle and jolt suddenly. Sherlock prods the fire and says nothing. "Thank them for the picture books."
Sure enough, Mike Stamford came through the door later that afternoon, with a man who was definitely promising as a flat mate. He had blond hair, blue eyes, and stood in a military like position, holding himself straight. He was beautiful. He glanced around, said, "Bit different from my day," and chuckled with Mike.
There had been, and he was not pleased to admit it, many times where his mouth had tasted the metallic twang of the service revolver in his mouth, thinking of Sherlock and thinking of it all being over.
John had been aware that Sherlock was tweeting during the ceremony - everyone was, especially when they’d heard Siri’s prompt apology when he’d slipped up. And he would have been concerned, for Mary’s sake at least, or one bit annoyed, except it was so quintessentially
"Sherlock Holmes," He stuck out his hand, revealing the name that said 'John' on his wrist. John did the same. Written on John's wrist was the name 'Sherlock'.
He’s correct on that front. Sherlock is 100% sure that John is his soulmate, if such a fantasy exists. There’s simply no other worthy candidate. "
It’s not directed at him, he can infer from her glance to John, before she goes back to playing with her Legos. John hesitates and Sherlock attempts not to feel wounded. "Yes, yes, I like Sherlock."
"What, pray tell, will you be doing instead?" Sherlock’s face, although he’s attempting to maintain a level of composure, is exuding fondness and happiness and a beaming smile that only John ever gets.
And he’d just been accepted into the rugby team, as if things couldn’t get any more ironic. Damn Boris for wanting to protect the country from a deadly virus. Damn him.
Too many questions with so many variables to answer, so maybe it’s a good thing that Sherlock wakes up and puts his bony chin decisively on his chest to look up at John.
The will wasn’t consulted to again until he was serious with Mary. She was shocked to know he hadn’t properly updated it since coming back from the war, furious, really, and demanded he did so immediately. They’d been together for a few months by then and thus he felt no woes about gifting all of his junk that would be left over to her - yet still some things to Harry, out of sentiment and hope that this time rehab would work out. After all, he had been thinking of proposing to Mary, so it made sense.
Sherlock nods back, settling into his chair with discomfort. It’s not as used to him as he’d like it to be - harder and less worn. John’s, too. They have a lot of catching up to do.
Mr Halesworth lets out a deep sigh and goes to correct his mistake - sorry, what? The boy gives him attitude, corrections, basically calls him a fucking imbecile of a Chem teacher and all he gets is a sigh?! Who the fuck is this dude and why does he get the free pass on punishment?
It was almost as weird and wonderful as he had left it. Except he’d been gone a long time, and even his neglect on cleaning wouldn’t develop to this standard.
Sherlock blinks. He’s taken his feet off the coffee table to stare at the girl residing in his flat. Needless to say, he’s mute. Paused himself from reacting, he needs a time out.
"John and Greg have got it easy," Sherlock sulked, "A name like Sherlock or Mycroft is going to be obvious once they meet us."
The weekend is painful. His mum stocks up on food (the shops, he’s told, are chaotic). John himself is shut up in his room to prevent contact with his less amenable parent, and only comes out for occasional snacks and to greet Harry when she arrives (Clara-less) late Saturday evening. As he is stuck only with the comfort of his phone and Netflix, he binge watches a show he watched first when he was 11 and reflects on Friday, which was his last day at school for the foreseeable future.
It’s nice to know that Mycroft still remembers the dialectal tone his older brother always bastardised the language with, and continues to use it even when bloody kidnapped.
And soon the Year 11s filter on, and John doesn’t even want to look at them, so he doesn’t. Weird - isn’t it - if he’d been born a few days later then he’d have been in this year, with them.
"Oh my god, Mr Holmes, I'm so sorry, it's been a long day and I didn't recognise you, not that I've ever spoken to you before in my life, I'm babbling aren't I? Sorry. My name is Greg Lestrade, you must be-"
He shuddered, thinking it through. Being in that year? With all the druggies and not having done his GCSEs and still having to do work? Nah, he’d rather not. They could smoke all the weed they wanted, he’d be a doctor if it was the last thing he could do on this planet before saying Adios to it.
He’s still unfairly handsome, but in that adorable morning way where he remains slightly dazed, his curls frizzy from friction and eyes thick with sleep. It makes John love him even more. Rosie, blissfully, seems to still be asleep and he’s in no hurry to move from this position.
It’s not often that John’s deceased wife actually falls into conversation topics in 221B. She’s an awkward topic, only safe when Rosie has a few questions about what kind of things she liked, like sports and hobbies, and Sherlock and John have shared meaningful glances in which they both express the sentiment to not explain that Rosie’s mother most enjoyed "killing people for money" and "lying to the people she cares about in order to travel the world under a pseudonym". Instead they told her she really liked cats and played tennis.
"I know someone who's been looking desperately for a Greg recently," he started to walk out of the room.
So that was it then? Army men. Strong, muscly, brave, sacrificial. That would be John’s type of man, of course. Not the lean, thin detective with curly pompous hair and a tendency to play peekaboo with his daughter.
He’d been surprised by Mycroft’s kindness, but on reflection it had probably been on Sherlock’s suggestion.
Yes, yes, he absolutely does. He has a botched proposal to fix and a loving caring girlfriend who Sherlock can tolerate despite being violently jealous of her. He needs to leave Sherlock in peace to drown himself in alcohol and not give him false hope by staying the night with him.
John stares through the legal garbage and realises he’ll have to rewrite the entire thing - it all means nothing now he has a kid. And people to live for.
And Sherlock takes Rosie to daycare, comes back home, does some science experiments in 221c, occasionally a small case for Lestrade, and then sometimes picks up their smallest resident from preschool.
That was all it took - just a kidnapping. If Sherlock had known that, he would’ve kidnapped Mycroft ages ago, sped this whole thing up so there was no need to deduce them with their unrequited feelings. He suspected that was how Mycroft saw him.
In another life time perhaps. If there was no Mary. Maybe the companionship that once developed into friendship could have developed further into a relationship. Sherlock’s first proper relationship, because he couldn’t count drug-addled trysts as meaningful, not really. John’s companionship in that way would complete him as a human being.
They sit in front of the fire and John wonders what Sherlock is thinking as he places his tumbler onto the small coffee table as well, loose blue dressing gown swamping him easily. He’s still staring into the fire, and is clearly hesitating on picking up the poker to prod at it again. John does it instead.
"John," he croons carefully. The whiskey has gone down nicely and now his eyelids flutter. Sherlock looks unfairly beautiful for someone who’s just clambered out of bed. It must be what? Nearly midnight now? Sherlock repeats his name again in that melodic tone and John says, "Mmm?"
Why was he bothering to think about rugby? There was no point, anyways. It wouldn’t be on...well for months if John’s mum was right in assuming so. Quarantined, with his family, with no rugby, no friends and constant school Zoom calls. Great. Just fucking perfect.
And Sherlock thinks of James Sholto, the man John was so desperate to see at his wedding. The man who showed him and Mary that
He sat in the lab again, examining a chemical compound because the boredom was taking over and he didn't want to have to start shooting the wall in Mycroft's house yet.
As Sherlock readjusts in his chair to steeple his hands together metal scrapes across his chest. It’s not cold, because the chain has had a permanent residence on his clavicle for two years. Dog tags, John’s of course. They lay claim to Captain John Watson being in the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers and Sherlock clutched then whenever he felt a desperate need to float into his John wing.
"But you don’t really like Sherlock," Rosie hits her father with a piercing look, almost a smirk. It’s an odd angle to see from a 6 year old. "Not like I like him." John starts on Sherlock’s signature purple shirt. He’s clearly perplexed with what Rosie means. Sometimes things she says doesn’t make the most sense, and even Sherlock is lost with this conversation, but trying to nod along to encourage her to continue with it. Maybe then they can understand, god help them.
When John’s carrying on with his tangent, looking away from Sherlock, he surreptitiously takes the dog tags off his chest and places them in his blazer pocket, ready to return later. The blazer comes off too, until it’s just his shirt.
The next day awaits yet another question for John. It seems Rosie is That Phase. This time, Sherlock is prepping dinner for them (pasta) and John is finding something for Rosie to watch on TV.
"You said he’s quite calm...but Sherlock, he’s speaking jibberish. Are you sure he hasn’t gone mental?" John wiggles the antennae of the device, checking it has retained function.
It’s late, though, for them, and a father knows this ritual well. If he goes and settles into their shared room, Rosie will wake and struggle to return to slumber for at least an hour.
Not that he’d be opposed to getting married to John. Hell, he’s pictured it in his mind palace for years, a forbidden fantasy he’ll never be able to actually have. He’s planned it down to the flowers, venue and guest list. If it was his way, there would be a murder, somehow, but that would be rather difficult to arrange.
For the first time someone had put into words those feelings that for Sherlock were so difficult to understand, to identify; feelings that the detective did not believe he possessed until ten days earlier he had found himself in the arms of "his" doctor.
There it is the point of contention, the main problem of the whole thing: that little pronoun who had brought John to that restaurant to drink tea with what he considered his "
Once again, Baby Girl's gaze sought Boss's, standing next to her, and when the man nodded for the second time, the girl sighed.
In all its calm beauty, Mycroft Holmes was sitting on the couch, a file on his legs and another on the tea table not far away, his mobile phone set up to the right of the latter ready to use.
"Detective, have they never told you that it's rude to stare at people so insistently?"asked Sherlock as he approached one of the worktables in the middle of the room, staying a few feet away from the man.
-You should sign up for their foundation, so every month you would receive their news and you would be among the first to know about special events...-
John took his plate and sat next to his father, in the place that had always been reserved for him, smiling at him before taking a sip from his mug.
"Just to know... - meddled Mycroft, leading the detective to look up at the group of adults- But what the heck are you talking about?" he asked.
- I could pretend to be your partner, so at least the reporters would stop asking you questions about you and Sherlock, or at least about a possible relationship between you two-explained Jack.
But in recent months, when it became apparent that his "mission"was concluding, he had adopted the only name besides his own that had meaning for him.
Suddenly Jack's words took on a new meaning: things were different from the last time Emma had come to see him.
The man had lost weight, at least ten pounds, he had grown a blonde-reddish beard on his chin and jaws that joined with the sideburns, short hair now tending more to gray than to the ash blonde  cut in a short military cut.
The detective did to speak again, but just then Lestrade appeared by his left side, a tired look on his face and a notepad in his right hand.
The message came from a number he did not know, and the address was unknown to him, except for his certainty that it was in Marylbone neighborhood.
Again at the starting point, Greg had looked around and stepped aside, leaving the scientific technicians enough space to do their job, trying to silence that little voice in his mind, terribly resembling the baritone of Sherlock, who hoped the technicians wouldn't destroy all the evidence.
There's never been anything between John and me beyond friendship- he clarified without turning around.
-In these three years I have created many different scenarios... I pictured you married with kids, finally with your private clinic and a cottage outside London... Happy.
"Do the stakeouts and take-aways to celebrate the end of a case does not count?" he asked with a wry smile.
He had waited days for a new confrontation, had been silent, almost like he was sitting in a corner, with the constant hope of a message from John and, finally, now that a chance had opened up for him, he would not let it slip.
For a brief moment, John felt guilty because neither he nor Harry will have a conventional family with a house with white picket fences, two or three children and a dog waiting for them in the garden, thus depriving the old Watson of grandchildren to whom tell stories or bring to the park like so many old men his age.
The rest had been a succession of events all too fast: they had only managed to close the door of the apartment, before both trousers came down as if by magic and two hands crept quick between the fabric of the boxers to caress the soft and pulsating skin, hot and cold together, filling the living room with broken breaths and incomprehensible words, until John let himself go to a mumbled imprecation still in Sherlock's embrace and let slip a groan from his lips before coming in Sherlock hand.
-There must have been something in you that attracted him- Irene said, leading John to stiffen up- I'm here for Hamish: I wanted to make sure things were going well before I leave for good-
The group of friends stayed together for another couple of hours, continuing affably to tease each other and simply enjoying the company, without murders or the sadness that had accompanied them in recent years to spoil their mood.
There was nothing wrong with their apartment in Baker Street; he was aware that the number of his properties was greater than John's, but from the beginning Sherlock had found nothing strange: a man accustomed to military life like John tends to minimize the number of objects to take with him.
Once again, as a few days earlier, Sherlock was offering him everything he had ever wanted, even when he was not yet aware of it, but John Watson, former Captain in Her Majesty's Northumberland Fusiliers, after having survived explosions, snipers, mad criminals determined to kill him, perhaps had finally found the only weapon capable of destroying him.
But there was something that made no sense in what Mycroft had told him and when he returned to look at the man, he found him waiting for the question he knew would come any time.
In that case, the conversations had during those years had been for nothing, their plans for a life together were only fictitious ideas ready to collapse at the first problem like a house of cards.
Without looking away from the perfect face of the detective, he took a long sip of wine, grouping his ideas together, and when he felt ready, John took a deep breath.
"He probably had a heart attack and the person who was with him freaked out and to avoid problems called security and they got rid of the body, staging the ill-conceived robbery "John said.
A wave of rage took hold of Sherlock, causing him to let out an angry grunt before bringing both hands around John's cheeks.
Only a few people could recognize Sherlock's "feelings" from a slight change of expression, and perhaps John was the only one who fully understood them: he knew that the detective was bored, more than usual because of the lack of work, and that only the tense air in the house had prevented him from making more graffiti on the walls or giving himself to the most absurd experiments.
John Watson was a man who accepted no imposition from anyone, not even the British Government himself, capable of offering himself as a human shield against the greatest criminal mastermind he had ever encountered or willing to blow himself up rather than continuing to be part of the game that would end up killing other innocent victims.
He then turned and walked to the bike, followed a short distance by Jack, without a further look at his so-called friend.
There was a time when things were going so well that I could even afford some new clothes from the second-hand shops, but now everyone wants to try the Asian experience... As if there was something different-the boy commented caustic.
The calmness and stillness that he always associated with silence during his childhood had lost all their reassuring character as soon as he set foot in Afghanistan; in that deserted land forgotten by God, total peace and immobility was inevitably followed by explosions, death and destruction, making you wary at the first hint of  apparent calm.
You want me to believe that all these years you haven't found someone willing to cheer up your lonely nights?  -she teased him.
Always a fan of the show, John had recorded the last episodes aired to see them at every opportunity and that night the choice fell on the episode "
"This" he said, pointing to a particular point -It’s the head... This is an arm... Looks like he's stretching, look, he's got a leg up in mid-air. It doesn't have to be very comfortable in there-said John, making the girl laugh.
John swallowed loudly and continued to stare at Sherlock's beautiful face unable to find a minimally adequate answer.
Tommy had been the last person he had slept with before Sherlock showed up at "Pride" before things got terribly complicated between them... They had fun together, John remembered that the boy was affable, funny and that like him he had no high expectations from that night.
-Hello, Mrs. Hudson, how are you? -he asked her with a warm smile, which he reserved exclusively for the woman.
I know you've become attached to this little girl, despite the professional ethics that prohibits you to get involved with your patients, and I know why you haven't yet advanced the possibility of adoption with Baby Girl-Sherlock said in a calm voice.
John stood still for an instant before his thin lips parted slightly and the rest of his body appeared on the doorway.
But he's also the most generous person that I know... although he would do anything not to let it show, and when he decides that a person is worthy of his affection and friendship then it is forever- John said gently stroking Hamish's back.
For a few moments he relived the sense of emptiness and insecurity that had attacked him so frequently in those months, the fear of losing the only person in the world to make him healthy, despite the hurtful allusions, and he was forced to close his eyes so as not to succumb to that fear.
He and Harry had never been on good terms: ever since they were children, his sister had taken advantage of the few years of difference between them to treat him like her little slave until John was old enough to rebel.
The day was quickly coming to an end and in a short time Emma was back in the apartment, shooting a hundred words a second as usual and muttering because she had no intention of taking a bath.
He took off his scarf, jacket and shoes, took care to tuck his cell phone into one of the trouser pockets and then made his way to the kitchen.
John's right hand got lost in Sherlock's soft hair, slipping through his locks, ruffling them only because he had dreamed of doing it so many times and now, he had a chance to satisfy that desire.
what further motivation could be behind that proposal, and above all, how much of everything that had happened so far was already in a file color vanilla in Mycroft's hands.
Never, in his life as a teenager or as an adult, had John been in contact with so much elegance, luxury and taste: the man came from a middle-class family, where it was considered a luxury to have a new appliance (he still remembered his mother's beaming smile when they could finally afford the vacuum cleaner), and confronting the disparity of his and Sherlock's lifestyle left him breathless for a few moments.
After stopping briefly at Mrs. Hudson, the two men soon found themselves inside a cab, heading for their destination.
The little doctor had knocked down the wall he had built around him and earned an important spot in Sherlock's heart.
Thank you for helping me keep a roof over my head and forcing me to eat-said addressing the group of people in the second row, leading Mrs. Hudson and Sarah to wipe their eyes with a handkerchief- Without you I wouldn't be here- added John.
After all, it's a date with your Sherlock... Perhaps the first of his life, so try to make it special-
Always a practical person, Mycroft has a standard ringtone for every incoming call or texts, always opposed to the thousand different ringtones that distract attention and that in recent years have become a collector's item as well as stamps.
Greg flashed a smile and returned to sit in John's chair, happy to be back on known ground and to have back the sarcastic and moderately rude man he always knew.
-Poison... What a dull and dirty way of dying- Sherlock commented clearly disappointed at that uninteresting crime scene.
Just then Greg returned to the kitchen, visibly calmer, both hands sunk into the pockets of his jeans.
Before the episode began, Emma had told the detective the succinct story of The Doctor, the last Time Lord, able to regenerate twelve times into twelve different people, and how he traveled through Time and Space aboard his spaceship, the Tardis, to save the world.
Why did Sherlock Holmes, the self-proclaimed sociopath, who had never needed anyone even in the darkest and most desperate moments of his life, find himself unable to let go of the wonderful and simple man in front of him?
Before standing up, he moved his neck to the right and then to the left, feeling a small sprain, then focusing on his shoulder sore due to the humidity and immobility of a whole night, moving it slowly to reactivate circulation in the damaged tissues, letting out a hiss of pain.
Although they had met for a few moments earlier in Scotland Yard's offices, this was the first time they had come face to face in three years.
He understood from the sudden expression of dismay on the woman's face that "Mary" was aware of his story, or at least who he was.
And in his case, there was no need for a Holmes in depth analysis to find his most undisclosed desire.
- If I really decide to go back to Baker Street, what are you going to do? Will you forget your son and leave it to me and Sherlock to raise him? –
He observed the expressions of Gregory's face, catalogued the emotions that changed rapidly in the man's deep voice as the conversation went on, and, ultimately, recalled the looks his partner had cast on him and discovered them laden with disbelief, sadness, pain and anger.
-A man with a cane and a shaking leg, who forgets the cane as soon as he puts his feet on the dance floor, is not something you see every day.
John nodded slowly as the waiter arrived reflecting on those words: no one knew better than him that the stumps in their fridge only kept Sherlock's attention for a short time, sometimes ending up being forgotten without even being worthy of a second look, but could he really apply the same logic to Irene?
In that kiss there was the promise of nights spent together, in each other’s arms, of hours spent exploring each other’s body until there were no more secret, until he knew every scar, every slight imperfection as if it were imprinted on his own skin.
John's voice turned him away from his thoughts, forcing him to stand up and approach the bedroom door, aware that if he didn't get an answer, John wouldn't hesitate to storm in his room.
The websites he had read that afternoon indicated that possibility but pointed out that it was highly inconvenient and that it would be better to avoid a second date with those who proved " easy".
-I know you still have a few questions to ask me, and I promise I'll do my best to answer you sincerely, but first I need breakfast.
-But if I keep going like this, I'm never going to be able to build a relationship with him, so tomorrow I want to spend a whole day with you and Hamish.
At first glance everyone would have discarded John Watson without worrying about going deeper and getting to know him better...
Sherlock watched the little one, again asleep after being changed and fed, and for a brief moment he found himself envious of his carefreeness.
He knew what the result of the examination would be: he had  lost almost twenty-five pounds in those years, replacing fat with muscles, he also had bleached  his black hair in a reddish color that led him to twist his mouth every time he had the opportunity to look in a mirror and the deep dark circles under his blue eyes make them pop out even more.
When he finally walked away from the wall covered with photographs, he sat in his armchair, crossed his legs, and placed his fingers just below his chin, in the usual position that helped him reflect, and got lost in his Mind Palace.
But you can't cause unnecessary stress to a pregnant woman, especially in a particular and risky pregnancy like Baby Girl's.
"Well, we don't have any special places, are you happy now?" replied Sherlock ready to clam up and end their conversation.
"Nice to meet you young man" Greg said, hinting at a friendly smile- Ok, I'd better clarify a few things: I'm not going to hurt you nor have sex with you, I just need to ask you a few questions- he added in full honesty.
John Watson was full of contractions and Sherlock was certain that he had only scratched the surface during their cohabitation.
-Yeah... He made me promise that I would keep an eye on you during his absence, and that I would let you back on Scotland Yard's cases.
Aldershot Cemetery was, as was often the case in small towns, embedded in the main church: graves hundreds of years old mingled with those decades old or a few months old; access was allowed via a small wrought-iron gate further closed by a chain with a padlock.
-Sometimes you're really morbid. The last thing I'd like before I go to sleep is to rethink the sexual preferences of the British government- John retorted, making both Sally and Jack laugh.
One night I was walking back to my apartment, high as a kite, and by chance I came across a crime scene: a woman had been strangled and her body left on the sidewalk.
Greg looked down on his hands for a few moments before returning to meet the detective's icy-blue gaze.
After all, it wasn't the first time in their relationship: Mycroft made a mistake, Gregory was angry, he held a grudge for a few hours (or for a few days), but then they always fixed it all.
Because of all the people who were close to you, John is the one who suffered most of all of us for your death...-Molly said letting the silence fall for a few moments, uncertain on what to say next.
Lost in his mind, he completely lost notion of time, without feeling even once the need to drink or eat, without giving a thought to his room where all his belongings had been lovingly guarded in those years.
-When were you going to tell me, you planned our next 50 years? -asked John clearly pleased, as he began to move back in slow movements with the music.
The door had opened slowly, squeaking slightly on the rusty hinges, and only when it was completely wide open, Sherlock had moved a step inside.
John licked his lower lip immersed in his contemplation and Sherlock took that moment to pulled him in for a slow and passionate kiss; his long violinist fingers moving down along John's back, pausing only a few moments to trace the contours of the scar on John's shoulder, then down his back to John's butt, while both men moved in a languid and slow rhythm.
He also knew his mother: she intended to talk to John and would make sure to have that conversation as soon as possible, even before lunch, although this could compromise the mood of the guests if something went wrong.
As soon John's hips began to move back and forth, Sherlock clenched down where he felt John moving inside him.
Looking closely at Hamish's face, John was able to clearly see the similarities with the face he knew almost perfectly: his eyes were icy-blue and always engaged in deep reflections, the hint of what would become protruding cheekbones, only the mouth was different, clearly a genetic inheritance of his mother.
Despite years in the service for Queen and Country, with schedules punctuated by marches and gatherings before and stakeouts and hours spent in operating theatres then, John had never been a morning person.
I know it's not going to be easy: there will be good days and days when we're going to fight and I'm going to walk away slamming the door.
The only time I saw you in trouble during your deductions was when she was naked in front of you- John reminded him.
Trying to walk against the wind, he slowly walked towards the car, as if he could avoid that encounter somehow, but when he was a few meters away, the car door at the front right opened waiting for him.
"And you let your man go to clubs like that?"asked Sherlock, trying to make sense of that conversation.
So, he and Mycroft had found themselves alone with Emma, busy reading one of the Harry Potter books, chatting serenely, until the little girl had raised her eyes from the volume and set them on Mycroft.
Sherlock and John stayed for a few more minutes to agree on John’s visit with the other homeless people and then greeted the couple and headed home.
You should never survive your loved one, but over time the pain fades to make room for the memory of the time you spent together, what you have been for each other, making separation bearable-
Jack dropped an arm around John's shoulders and pulled him closed, leading the man to lay a hand on his chest covered in his denim shirt to regain his balance.
"I don't need your gratitude" John said, before turning his back on her and heading for the restaurant door.
When he opened his eyes again, the little light coming from the window confirmed the time clearly visible on his wristwatch: six o'clock in the morning.
John pulled it out, clutching it with trembling fingers, and watched it: how many times had he seen it hanging from the Baker Street peg, or  carelessly abandoned on the floor of Sherlock's living room or bedroom?
": Sherlock will get lost in the crowded streets, pointing every building, street or alley that had even the slightest interest to Hamish, and explained to the child the story unknown to the rest of the English population, firmly convinced that those long conversations would remain in Hamish's memory.
Sherlock stared at him for a few moments, unsure whether to address that subject immediately or whether to wait until the main course.
-I’ll have to believe you... The first time I left the country, they sent me to Ireland for a month.
-The zoo is a good idea: last year they had a great section dedicated to insects and reptiles...-Sherlock said.
His whole team knew that today was a special day, when his only goal was to survive, to get to the end of the day without receiving that phone call that made him tense every time he heard the phone ringing, and  that's why they tried to make his life easy, to make themselves silent and almost invisible.
John nodded briefly, before heading to his room, the tea bag still in the cup, completely forgotten on the kitchen floor.
Overwhelmed by the intensity he had seen so often in another pair of eyes, John swallowed, trying to get rid of the knot that had formed in his throat, addressing a loving smile to the child.
-Is that why you kicked him out despite being well aware of his physical condition?- asked Greg again.
It's just that... When we’ll have sex it will be the final step-John said to her looking at her with serious eyes. - From that moment on, there will be no more secrets, no more running away as soon as things get complicated... If we add that missing piece it will be forever- he told her trying to explain the motivations behind his choice.
He thought back several times to the unpleasant conversation he had had with Gregory, trying to take a detached view of the matter, as if he were a stranger who had found himself witnessing the bickering between two lovers.
Once he walked down the hall and entered the kitchen, John turned to Mycroft and carefully passed Hamish to the man so he had his hands free during tea preparation; over the next few minutes, as John huddled with the kettle and cups , Mycroft sat around the table and, after finding a comfortable position for himself and Hamish, looked for a way to entertain the child, but Hamish seemed terribly fascinated by his dark red tie trying with his uncoordinated movements to grab it.
Jack took a few moments to recover from the surprise that the detective's deductions had had on him, and then shrugged his shoulders in a gesture he hoped would be careless.
Greg approached them and stared at them for a few seconds, trying to gather as much information as possible, cursing Sherlock once again for leaving him alone in this investigation; it was then that he noticed the great age difference between the two boys: while the red-haired boy was around twenty-five years old, the brown-haired boy was definitely eight years younger.
Once again, Irene had managed to turn them against each other: John had always known, from the first time he met her, that this woman would bring them trouble and once again she had confirmed it.
“My mom says I'm too curious, but my teacher says curiosity is good. What do you think?" the little girl replied.
John's qualms were not related to Hamish, so Sherlock knew that the child was safe with the doctor, even if only for his affectionate and helpful soul, and Sherlock know he had been right when Mycroft told him that John had fed Hamish before their departure.
Mycroft briefly reciprocated the kiss, without excessive transport before placing a hand on Greg's chest, still covered in his grey raincoat, thus breaking contact.
-Mh... Move your tongue on your teeth and lips and tell me if you notice anything different- John said in a slightly hoarse voice.
- You were the one who told me that you weren’t interested in any kind of romantic bond from the beginning, so I kept repeating to myself that if all I could have was a friendship then it will be enough for me-admitted John.
For the umpteenth time the room was shrouded in silence, while John let himself be enveloped by the heat that every sip of whiskey blew up from his throat to his stomach and Harriet searched for the right words to continue the subject.
As promised, when John arrived at 10:30 at the entrance to London Zoo's in Regent's Park, Sherlock was already there waiting for him, on time as few times before.
He cleared his throat and looked up, meeting Lady Violet's, who offered him a sweet smile in response.
For all these things and many more, Hamish will love you deeply, as if you were indeed his father and for this I will be forever grateful-concluded Irene.
-No sex on the first date, but if you were to give in to temptation, don't be stingy with foreplay and lube.
-Are you going to eat your dinner here? Don't you have a house of your own to return to? -Sherlock asked without acrimony.
John looked at him for a few seconds, stroking his beard, in a gesture Sherlock had now identified as a calming one, only to sigh.
When he was ready, John sat in his armchair and, with his cup of tea not far away, lost himself in his paperback.
Greg nodded, realizing that, although Sherlock was there in front of him, ready to share a part of his life with the inspector, there was still a whole universe in which Greg was not allowed to peek.
It was only when he found himself behind the stirring wheel that that he understood what it was the right thing to do, that the task of a detective was never over until he could find an explanation to the many small mysteries that accompanied the discovery of a corpse and that, like so many bread crumbs, would lead him to the culprit.
The other did not answer, merely staring back at his brother for a few seconds, before Sherlock let go of an angry sound and turned his back again, his eyes on the road.
Greg stared at him for a few moments, trying to figure out if Myc didn't really want him there or if it was a way to divert attention from his voluntary fast, before shrugging his shoulders.
Sherlock's hands slipped on John's solid chest and tightened around the man's waist, thus nullifying any distance between their bodies, while their lips were still engaged in a frantic dance: lips, teeth and tongues, every means was acceptable to discover every little secret of the other man.
John put an end to the kiss and sniggered, feeling Sherlock’s rumbling laugh close to him, before meeting his eyes and winking at his lover.
Emma stared at him in silence, clearly dissatisfied, until Sherlock leaned forward, both elbows on his knees, and met the little girl's gaze.
A cab stopped in front of him a few moments later and Sherlock, still halfway out, had already given the cabbie the address, getting lost in his own thoughts.
The silence had become heavy and from one moment to the next someone would start talking, asking questions that he was not yet ready to answer, so Sherlock decided to make the first move.
Looking down, John quickly put on a condom and lubricated his erection and positioned himself in front of Sherlock's entrance, pressing gently until he slowly saw his cock sunk into Sherlock body.
"Every Wednesday he meets with his friends from the "Chess Circle" and they have dinner together afterwards" Harry said, pouring hot water into the cups.
"What do you think you’re doing?" Greg asked, holding Sherlock’s gaze despite the obvious difference in height.
John had spoken at length in a calm and reassuring voice, exposing the idea in an articulate and exhaustive way, leaving no room for doubt, always with a smile on his lips to prove to Baby Girl that there was no hidden trap or agenda and that his words were sincere.
A hinted smile and the defensive attitude that Mycroft had taken so far almost magically disappeared.
-What's the problem? When I read the text, I thought you had broken up it once and for all-said Jack, taking a bite out of his sandwich.
But at the same time, he would have to live with the remorse of not grasping that unexpected possibility, spending the rest of his life wondering "What if..." with the knowledge that you have lost something unique.
Though... That morning even the boy had appeared surprised by his insinuations, almost on the verge of bursting to laugh to his face at his words.
-I know you're in there Sherlock, your landlady told me. I can ask Robert to open the door, but it's much better for you to let me in- the voice continued, at the same time authoritarian and polite.
"It's heartwarming that you still manages to believe in love given your disastrous romantic relationship with the photographer of your newspaper at the end of the room-said in a professional tone, showing off his skills as he used to, leading John to hint a slight smile.
I want to find you next to me in my bed every morning, even when I've been up all night staring at my periodic table, arguing with you about my diet, and I need you to be next to me to tell me when I'm misbehaving with clients or to point out that my deductions are brilliant- he said sincerely as he could be only with John.
Sherlock remained silent, torn between having new information and asking him the next question; fortunately, John made the decision for him.
-Personally, I think you should have moved your stuff to my room from the day you came home a couple of weeks ago... Also for a matter of convenience: we would have avoided cleaning both rooms-added almost carelessly.
Despite all the pain, the labor he had subjected himself to during his absence Sherlock was alive and well, again in Baker Street, ready to take their relationship to the next level, to take that extra step that for eighteen months had been a inaccessible territory in his mind, and over the next three years he had turned into a valley of regrets and remorse.
"They came to pick you up, young man" he said, pulling Hamish closer to his chest, suddenly feeling sad.
Every morning, as he entered the kitchen to make his breakfast before going to work, John found Sherlock sitting in his chair or slouched on the couch.
-It all happened in two weeks, always in Germany... There must have been something in the air. We left Berlin the day after the first time, moving to smaller cities.
For a few moments the room was silent, interrupted only at times by Hamish's cheerful chatter, until Greg let go of a deep breath.
What would happen if John would forgive Sherlock, if he agreed to raise Hamish with him and maybe after two, five or ten years, Irene will reappear in their lives, taking Hamish back?
-It’s not Hamish’s fault…He’s adorable and beautiful and he's going to be a great kid.   It’s because of that woman.
They sat in front of the fire, on the cold winter’s day, and chatted and laughed and talked. It was - lovely, John had realised, to be back here. Watching Sherlock fill out as they both ate three meals a day - although the Bastard could eat chips for every meal and never gain more than an ounce of fat somehow. To watch them start taking care of each other and Rosie. It was far better for his mental health than it was to pootle around that flat that had Mary written all over it, even though she was gone.
If Sherlock tells John about the dog tags then he’ll subconsciously have to know that it is basically a love confession. Neither of them is ready for that, a feat that only they can say. What, 4 years of knowing each other and they still can’t bloody talk about their feelings.
He’d wanted to write Mary out of the will as soon as he learned she was the one who shot his best friend, the one who nearly killed him, but held out for Charles Augustus Magnussen, the case.
Not just any Year 11, though. This boy is the epitome of beautiful - he’s like a Greek god in stature, alabaster skin contrasting with black (or is it very dark brown?) curls that he focuses on for a split second before going immediately to his Cupid bow lips - yes, John knows what Cupid’s bow lips look like, he’s read enough romance novels in his early teen years thank you very much.
"Of course you made a bloody language." 7, actually, Sherlock thinks, but doesn’t admit aloud. It would just prove to John far more than he would like that Sherlock had spent most of his life being a lonely nerd.
"No, Inspector, I wanted to introduce myself." Lestrade stopped. He looked at the man, who was holding up a pass, a pass that belonged to the Government, and immediately backtracked himself.
-While your colleague, he says that sometimes you are "incredibly ignorant" when it comes to some topics...-added John with a wry smile.
-I think you’ve really lost your pretty head for our dear detective... Despite all the anger and frustration, you feel now, you're really in love with it.
But I had forgotten that you have no friends-commented John before abandoning his cup of tea and passing next the detective to enter the living room.
You knew even before last night; my words were just a confirmation- he said in a firm and confident voice.
Did the man with whom he had seriously considered spending the rest of his life really consider him capable of cheating?
"Come on, don’t be a child!" -commented Mycroft- Everyone has a price, you just have to tell me yours-encouraged him again.
The hint of a smile appeared on Daniel's lips, immediately broken by the pain of the broken bottom lip.
Perfect- Sherlock commented with a smile that also infected John.- You will teach him to play rugby or football and will help him understand the human component that for me has always been a mystery and I will teach him chemistry, physics, take him with me to the crime scenes or the morgue of Barts, I will teach him to play an instrument...-
He'd never been anybody's... No one had ever wanted him, there had been times when he had not felt desired even by his own family.
They walked out of the alley and walked again along Frith Street in silence until they reached one of the few premises still open at that time.
- I come from Aldershot, a small town not far from London, where everyone knows each other and knows everything about them.
That smile also infected John, leading him to nod slowly for a few moments, trying to control the praise that automatically came on his lips every time Sherlock showed off his gift.
John wet his lips inexplicably dry with the tip of his tongue, and did to speak again, but the waiter materialized for the umpteenth time at their table to ask them if everything had been to their liking and if he could take away the dishes.
-If I were you I wouldn't throw away the idea of the luxury hotel too quickly; I agree it's too much for a first date, but if things go well, you can always use it for an anniversary, to spend some time together and have sex without having to worry about not making noise-comment Greg, noting right away the thoughtful expression of the detective’s face, a sign that he was putting that information into his Mind Palace.
A man full of nervous energy like Sherlock would never have been able to stay in bed once he was awake.
"Holmes left his bag by the door, I think there's everything you need in case he's hungry or he needs to be changed" his father told him.
Sherlock met for an instant John's stare, looking at the same time impressed and curious by that speech so little "Holmesian", and after a quick glance he returned to look at the Inspector.
They would have followed me all the way here if it wasn't for the cab... You should have seen the faces of the people around me- murmured John annoyed.
John nodded again and looked again at the man standing close to them and listening carefully at their conversation.
With automatic gestures, the man closed the file and inserted it into his briefcase, looking for a logical solution to his problem.
If Mycroft was behind all this, then not even all the MI6 staff would have been able to stop him when he would have got his hands on that bastard.
Although she did not reproach him, it was clear that Mrs. Hudson was not happy with Hamish's presence in the apartment.
After visiting the "Butterfly Paradise" they took a break at the nearest kiosk to feed Hamish; John took the baby in his arms and took out the necessary from the navy-blue bag, allowing Sherlock to line up at the checkout to order two coffees.
-Even he felt threatened by you at first-she confessed- Your apartment still has all your belongings, John does not allow anyone to go in your room or sit in your chair, but he has not said your name since your disappearance.
