“That was.. something,” Tony mumbled, apparently half asleep already.
A shiver ran down Steve’s spine, becoming aware of where this was leading up to. Trying to come up with a flirty answer, he opened his mouth, but all he managed was some faint nose when Tony kissed him. It was deep and a little provocative with Tony’s tongue licking along his lips without passing them, but it was different from any kiss they had shared. Up until now it had been only rough, urgent ones, if any. This one was way softer, almost chaste compared to their other encounters and Steve realized he never wanted this kiss to end. That was a thought he’d probably dwell on, upon other terms, but in this case it had to wait. Bringing his hand to Tony’s hips, he pulled him in even closer, enjoying the way their bodies seemed to fit together perfectly.
He smiled to himself just as Steve turned around, breakfast seemingly ready. He paused a moment, just looking at Tony, who was in his boxer briefs and Steve’s t-shirt. Of course it didn’t fit him nearly as good, since he lacked a lot of muscle compared to Steve’s body. But going by his look, Steve still liked what he saw. When he started to move, he quickly walked into Tony’s space, instantly pressed their lips together and Tony was eager to return the kiss.
Anyway, there had been many little and even a few big things that made Steve realize that he had fallen for Tony. At this point it had been months of knowing and not doing anything about it. Even though it was no secret that Tony was bisexual and that, apparently, he liked to touch Steve, a lot, he was afraid to tell him. Actually, anxious came closer, like really, really anxious. So much that he paced the corridor for ten minutes instead of getting it over with. He had been part of a world war, crashed a plane and fought aliens and gods, but retrospectively nothing had been as scary as the conversation he was about to have.
Apparently Steve didn’t believe him, because he just gave him a pointed look. Well, shit. Tony should have considered that this was Steve and that he wouldn’t just drop this. How the hell was he getting out of this situation? He should’ve gone for the stuck elevator. Maybe he should just tell the truth. Get this off his chest and then carry on. If he left out the rather spicy details it wouldn’t be too bad, right? Steve was a good guy, Tony couldn’t imagine that he would judge him for it. Or stop being friends with him. Oh god, was he really gonna tell him? Steve definitely expected an answer going by the look on his face.
or something like that, but he choked on the words. It was only then that he realized just
Only a few minutes later Steve stepped into the elevator. “Hey JARVIS, can you tell me where Tony is?”
have been afraid,” Tony mumurred against Steve’s lips before finally kissing him back.
“Tony.. Let’s.. Can we.. Talk? Please?”
When they broke apart, both of them were smiling widely.
“Oh.. okay. Wait, when did this happen? Couldn’t you still ask her out?”
Steve laughed, this was ridiculous. His day had been kind of shitty with having to fight and how the battle went and just a few minutes ago all he wanted to do was to sleep, but somehow Steve didn’t even mind still being awake. Not that he would ever have guessed to have that kind of conversation with Tony. Or anyone at all. Though with Tony it was probably more likely than with anybody else. "Both actually."
Tony checked himself in the mirror for the fifth time in the last two minutes. He was supposed to finally get ready but instead of buttoning his shirt or putting on his bowtie, he wasted time overthinking. Not that he usually didn’t spend much time thinking, but right now it was even worse. He had let Pepper talk him into attending yet another SI event he would hate. Sure, it was still his company but didn’t he have personnel for stuff like this? Anyway, Tony had thought it would be clever to invite Steve to tag along. Who wouldn’t want Captain America for good PR, right? Only that this was not the reason why Tony had asked him to join. His reason was way more selfish and even though at the time it had seemed like a good idea, Tony now felt like it would end in a disaster.
Tony watched him for a few seconds before he took off his own sweatshirt and replaced it with Steve’s.
“Yeah, sure.” Tony had cleared his throat. “Uhm.. over here.”
“Aaaand…?” Brows raised, she drew out the word as if the answer was oh so obvious.
Seeing him from distance Steve had thought he was good looking with his blond hair and tall, well-toned body, that was vaguely perceptive through his rather casual wear.
After a while he decided to prepare the balcony in case Steve would come home and decide to not sleep on his own story. They didn’t need fancy dinners or stuff like that. Steve had always been the stay at home kinda guy and maybe Tony had tried to overcompensate with those dates.
When Steve came into view, Tony got up, but stayed where he was, fumbling with the hem of his shirt as he anxiously waited for him to approach.
He raised his hands and made it his mission to discover every inch of this absolutely ripped chest and abdomen while he let Steve kiss him senseless.
“Steve rather wanted to spend his evening with Bucky and cancelled. Again.”
Possibility A: the potential partner would want to be with him only because he was Captain America, no further explanation needed.
Steve let go of his lips, kissing his jaw before moving to the spot behind his ear, that made him shiver just like earlier.
“Look, Tony. This was never about trust. I’d trust you with my life. I just.. I know you’ll hate this, but I wanted to protect you.”
He grasped at Steve’s bow tie, initially trying to take it off. When his action failed he decided to go for plan b. He broke their kiss and used the bow tie to pull Steve with him.
If Tony’s face hadn’t been already flushed from their kissing and his arousal, he would have blushed now at the latest.
About two weeks after moving out Steve felt ready to go back, but persuaded himself to wait another week. Even though he missed the team and his home, he wanted to be sure that he could handle seeing Tony on a daily basis again.
Tony stared at the phone, then looked up to watch Steve who wasn’t paying attention to him and then gazed back at the phone. Did he just imagine Natasha texting Steve advice on how to make a move at Tony? This was the only explanation, right? This couldn’t be real. He took another look at Steve. Could Steve Rogers really be interested in Tony? How? When? Why? Tony’s mind was racing. Could it really be possible that Steve had reciprocated his feelings all this time without them knowing that they were into each other? Could they really be that dense? Tony wouldn’t really put it past them, but he decided to try and do something about it. Maybe if he would be more outright tonight he would get a reaction out of Steve. If not he could always try to talk to him about it. Even though talking had never been Tony’s strong point and therefore was rather a stopgap.
“..and I thought he could actually be considered perfect. But the thing is I realized he wasn’t perfect
So he had really put some thought into it and was pretty sure, dating just wouldn’t be the best thing to do. But of course Tony didn’t care and insisted on finding the ‘perfect date’ for him and the way it seemed to be important to Tony and the amount of enthusiasm he had talking about it, Steve found himself agreeing. Somehow he had a soft spot for Tony.
“Uhmm.. yeah.”
“Yeah, you can’t just work for days on end.”
Tony didn’t mind, maybe talking could be delayed. There were more important things at hand. For example Steve’s defined upper body directly in front of him or rather between his legs.
“Just to be clear, Tony. I didn’t want to play this any further, because it just got too real for me. I didn’t want a taste of something I couldn’t have..,” he trailed off.
“I would even go so far as to say he’s waiting for you, Captain.” Did Steve just imagine JARVIS sounding amused?
Steve had been training every day of course so he wasn’t included in her rage and Barton and Banner at least had the decency to look a little ashamed. But of course Tony was indifferent to criticism and decided to joke about it instead, “at least we got America’s Ass to save the day, right?”
was he handsome. Not that this was news, but him all dressed up was a whole different thing. His suit was royal blue with a black collar. Of course he would wear blue, he was Captain America out and out. Dress shoes, a white dress shirt and a black bow tie as well as perfectly styled hair completed his outfit. Tony would need to thank Natasha, she had doubtlessly assisted him. Just when Tony thought nothing could be worse, in a still kinda good way, than Steve in tight spandex, he turned up like this. Beautiful as ever.
tell me about it.”
Happy that he didn’t get it wrong, he let out a sigh of relief. “Thank god, for a second there I thought I fucked up,” he said, trying to make it sound like a joke, but Steve probably knew that he was serious anyway.
he wanted. You know he’s an all or nothing kind of guy.”
He rolled his eyes and threw the shirt at Tony before he made his way to the kitchen, not waiting for Tony to get up. Smart guy, he probably knew Tony would take his time, he was the last one to arrive at breakfast every morning after all.
Maybe he shouldn’t be here, maybe he should just tell Tony what he had wanted to tell him earlier, stop this and try to get it off his mind. It would be the healthier decision, but when Steve let his eyes wander over Tony’s body, taking in everything from his soft, ruffled hair and beautiful brown eyes to the way his muscles were showing through his clothes, Steve couldn’t help wanting him. Ending this tomorrow would probably hurt just the same, right?
talking about us. But if you put it like that..,” Tony said sheepishly.
But he couldn’t have fallen for Steve without noticing, right? Being in love would mean-
“So your ears are better than your eyes, that’s something at least,” Natasha seemingly called after him.
“Make me.” The playfulness from just a second ago was still there, but it was now mixed with a rough undertone in Tony’s voice. Steve watched him closely when Tony took a step forward until he was directly in front of him.
Tony chuckled, did he really just think of Steve as perfect? It wasn’t too long ago when he basically hated him. Even though that was probably for that same reason exactly.
So if, and it still was a big if to Tony, this was all real he needed to talk to Steve. And he really hoped that they didn’t fuck anything up with their fling. Of course Steve had wanted to stop, Tony had been such an idiot.
“Hey. Come in.”
When they finally made it to Tony’s floor, he led Steve into the living room, gesturing to the couch, but Steve just stopped in the middle of the room, apparently waiting for Tony to close the door and catch up to him. When he did, they stood there awkwardly for a few moments, the elevator-situation all over again. Another moment that would be romantic in every damn movie. Standing opposite of your crush, not much space left, tension in the whole room. Unfortunately for Tony it was just tension, not
“Steve, I can’t do this.. Not when you don’t trust me.”
“Hey Tony.” Steve tried to sound casual but failed when his voice was a little too high. He cleared his throat. “I hope I’m not disturbing you?” He denied himself saying he could come back later, it was better to just get it over with.
Steve made his way over to his usual spot on the couch, before he asked, “So, how do you wanna play this?”
Steve rolled his eyes and even though Tony couldn’t see it, Steve was sure he would be able to hear it in his voice. "If you say 'an orgasm' I swear to God.."
“Tony? Are you afraid of thunderstorms?”
Tony groaned, letting go of Steve to steal and try one of the pancakes. “ ‘s really good.”
“And what?” he snapped at her. “Damnit Natasha, I’m awake for.. I don’t even know how long. What the fuck is it that you’re trying to tell me?”
Taking a deep breath, Tony fumbled with his sleeves before he started talking again.
Bucky just nodded, he knew what Steve didn’t say. They’d known each other for so long, they knew how to read each other. At least that’s what Steve thought, but right now Bucky didn’t seem nearly as devastated as Steve had pictured him.
The first days had been difficult since Steve wasn’t used to living alone. And when usually a group of loud and odd (in the best way possible) people followed you wherever you went, the quiet was something that rather required some getting used to. In spite of that it was a welcome change. Without daily responsibilities, without always watching what he said or did, Steve was finally able to relax a little. Spending his days running, reading or taking long walks without having to worry about meetings or missions too much felt like a long overdue vacation, but nothing more than that. Initially he had feared that getting away from it all could tempt him into not going back to being Captain America, but it seemed like a baseless fear. More than once he found himself thinking about the team and if they were on a mission. If they were it would probably be a smaller one, because he guessed they would’ve let him know if something big would be going on. And of course Steve thought about Tony. Evaluating things from a distance was something Steve was good at, especially if it was his call when to get closer. Of course he was nowhere near to over his feelings for Tony and he wasn’t sure if he would ever get over them, but right now it felt as if he could live with it. With living together despite knowing that Tony would never reciprocate his feelings. When he’d get back, his priority would be to restore their friendship, because he didn’t want to lose Tony. He could live with not having him the way he wished he’d have him, but losing him altogether was not an option. Maybe they just needed this time out to make things less awkward and everything would be like it used to.
didn't want to talk to anyone right now. But of course he was out of luck when only shortly after him Natasha approached. But then again, she usually knew when not to talk to him, so it could've been worse, he guessed.
Tony just stared at him, probably wondering why he was even telling him and Steve just watched him. He didn’t know if Tony would get what he was trying to say, but he really hoped he didn’t have to say it. He wasn’t even sure how he had managed to be so calm. His mind probably hadn’t caught up with what he was doing.
Tony watched Steve for a few moments, carefully considering what he just said. “I know I already asked this, but.. do you really mean it? The letter and.. everything you said?”
JARVIS decided not to answer the question, which was again way too polite to be Tony's influence, and Steve laughed softly. At least the short conversation had taken his mind off of why he had been so nervous in the first place. But when JARVIS announced that they arrived at the penthouse, it came crashing back and even though the elevator doors already opened and Tony doubtlessly knew that he was on his way, he didn’t move. Instead he considered just leaving before Tony would see him, to just ignore any kind of feeling indefinitely.
When Steve returned, he wore one of Tony’s t-shirts. His ridiculously tight clothes had always been a distraction to Tony, but the fact that this shirt was ridiculously tight on his body because it was Tony’s was just
Tony smiled sadly, he was glad that Steve reached out to him, but Steve thinking Tony might not want him here stung him.
“I wanna be honest, Lincoln. You seem like a great guy, pretty perfect actually.” Steve grinned. “But I just realized that I have feelings for someone. I just didn’t know I liked him like that. So I guess I have to pass on that second date.”
“Only if you want to, you don’t..” He was a little anxious now.
"I'm sorry, Steve. I shouldn't have let you leave when you moved out, but I shouldn't have let you leave when you told me about your feelings in the first place. I just.. I couldn't believe that you'd really like me. I'm such a mess and I didn't want to drag you in. I thought it was for the best.. Okay, well that's what I told myself. Actually I was scared. I knew I would find a way to screw this up and I wanted to spare you. And me."
Steve locked his eyes with Tony’s, but groaned. “God, no!”
“Nooo. Let’s just stay in bed forever.” Tony pouted even though he wasn’t sure if Steve could see. He chuckled nevertheless, but maybe just at the statement rather than the pout.
“What was that about?” Steve leaned on the workbench next to the door, his eyes still on Tony, probably trying to figure out what was going on.
On Friday, shortly before 4 pm JARVIS’ voice pulled Tony out of his trance. “Sir, Captain Rogers will soon arrive at the penthouse.”
“This has nothing to do with..,” he trailed off, when he looked at Tony for the first time after carefully avoiding it.
Happy, relaxed, at peace? Yes.
So apparently this wasn’t a one-time thing anymore. Maybe their fighting had been sexual tension all this time.
“Did he say why?” Natasha asked right on cue.
“Oh, come on,” Steve said, “we both know that you’re way too clever for this. You’re smarter than the whole family combined. Of course you wouldn’t know stuff like that, your brain probably goes places most people couldn’t even dream of.”
By the time he finished his ten miles, he found Natasha, Bruce and Tony seated at the kitchen table. The former two were engaged in some kind of discussion while Tony looked barely awake, clinging to his coffee.
When Steve stepped out of the elevator he spotted Tony on the couch. “Hey, I hope I’m not interrupting?” he asked hesitantly. Maybe instantly coming up here without a plan wasn’t as good an idea as he had thought it to be.
“First of all, you’re right, it was kinda hard at the end, that’s why I wanted to stop, but it’s safe to say that I still enjoyed it. Secondly, Natasha was right about me and because I want you to live, I’m not gonna tell her that you doubted her.”
“I said,” Tony panted at his ear, “it was fucking hot. You ripping that log in half.”
kind of relationship.
“Well, learn something new everyday.” Steve chuckled.
The next time it happened they were already back at the tower. It had been about a week since they got home. A week filled with meetings and press conferences discussing their latest battle as well as a week without Tony. Or so it had felt. As soon as they had hit ground, Tony went to his workshop and rarely left it. Like usual, nobody really knew what he was doing, but Steve's best guess was that he kind of felt guilty for the chaos they caused during said battle and he tried to come up with something to prevent just that next time. But maybe he just found something on his suit that needed fixing, who knew, really? The only thing Steve did know was that he had seen him around alarmingly little. Especially around the food they saved for him and even around the coffee maker, which was.. Well, alarming. Not that it was news that he sometimes didn't sleep or eat for days in favor of working, but Steve was a little worried nonetheless, so he decided to pay him a visit. Armed with a fresh cup of coffee he made his way down to the workshop to find Tony hunched over the workbench, his brows furrowed in concentration. Steve stopped, taking in the view in front of him through the glass door. Okay, maybe he was blatantly staring, but luckily he knew how Tony was when he was working, eyes on the prize and everything, so he shouldn’t notice. It was by far not the first time Steve was amazed by Tony, of course not, but it just kept happening. The way he got lost in his work, caring for every detail, and worked until whatever it was he was building was perfect. He was a ‘all or nothing’ kind of person, not unlike Steve, but with even more passion. Not to forget that he never backed down from a fight, sometimes to Steve’s disadvantage, but always standing up for himself and everyone he cared about. And then he always looked pretty good doing it of course.
He was answered with another chuckle. While Steve put the last pancake in the pan, Tony leaned on the counter watching him.
“Well.. not entirely, the others
(See the end of the chapter for
But when he had taken his seat in front of him and Steve had finally calmed enough to be able to look up again, he couldn’t help but think that he was handsome at least.
“And.. why would we do that?” Steve just asked.
Steve didn’t stress too much on outer appearances and since Lincoln was very attractive that couldn’t be the reason. Even though, if Steve was completely honest, he prefered brunettes over blondes. Preferably in a rather messy fashion than a real hairstyle. Come to think of it he also kinda had a thing for sassy and sarcastic people. Maybe he had a type after all or he had just spent too much time around Tony..
“Taking a break. Obviously,” Tony answered, sounding just as breathless as Steve felt.
There had been no awkward silence, they had seemed to get along right from the start, Lincoln was polite and funny and smart. But still, now half an hour into the date, Steve wondered why he didn’t think of this seemingly perfect man as perfect.
Just in time with Tony leaning forward, Steve met him halfway, bringing their lips together again. The kiss was just as gentle, but way more passionate, filled with so many emotions. Steve wrapped his arms around Tony’s waist while Tony held onto his neck, neither of them caring for the rain that still poured down on them.
While Steve stepped outside, he went back inside, making his way over to Tiffany. He stared down at her and even though he didn’t have the mask on, he was sure, his gaze was intimidating enough. “Listen, I’m sure you’re sweet and all that, but I don’t think you make a good match. Don’t count on another date, alright?”
“He’s my best friend, Tony. I’m worried about him, I can’t just ignore his calls. But there’s no need to be jealous.” Steve tried his best to stay calm, he got where Tony came from, but that didn’t necessarily mean that he understood or liked it. He wasn’t particularly happy to leave Tony like this either, but the last thing he wanted was having to choose between his best friend and his partner.
He barely noticed how Tony’s eyes went a little wide before he turned around and walked inside. The sound of footsteps and the closing of the door told him that Tony was following him.
“Uhm, Sir..” Steve jumped at JARVIS’s voice, Tony just groaned. He was too used to JARVIS interrupting him on a daily basis. Even though it never seemed like as bad a timing as right now. “What is it?” He didn’t even try to hide his annoyance. Not that JARVIS would care.
Steve sighed. “Tony, I don’t-” “This might be inappropriate,” Tony interrupted. “But that was fucking hot.”
Steve stared at him, eyes wide. “Did you just..?”
“Why didn’t you say something?” Tony’s voice was so quiet, it was barely audible.
“I really don’t need to hear..,” Tony interrupted him again before Steve shot him down with one pointed look.
distract him, but maybe just a little too much. They were supposed to meet at the gym in half an hour and if Tony spent all this time thinking about Steve’s backside, actually seeing it in action might be a little too much. So maybe thinking about him wasn’t helping, but at least it replaced the thoughts of his other colleagues. Well until now. Tony groaned, he should just get his stuff and make his way down to the gym. Without trying to think of
Still a little puzzled but somehow excited Tony handed the phone back to Steve after texting Pepper that everything was going alright. He might have even used the word ‘perfectly’ after what he had just found out.
“I guess I’m just pretty anxious all the time.” Steve gave him a crooked smile, but Bucky just frowned at him.
At the end of the third day Steve decided that he had moped enough, he had a team to lead after all. Sure, they’d come around without him, but he needed the excuse. So on day four he attended breakfast and acted like nothing had happened. Natasha and Sam watched him closely, but didn’t say anything. They probably knew that it wouldn’t lead anywhere. And after the initial surprise and maybe relief at seeing him, everything was as normal as can be, except maybe for Steve being a little quieter than usual.
Could she really be right? Honestly she rarely wasn’t, but this wasn’t some kind of mission or interrogation. This was her suggesting that Steve, of all people, had feelings for him. That was ridiculous, wasn’t it? Why would someone like Steve fall for someone like Tony? Good looks and everything, sure, but Tony wasn’t exactly loveable, was he? If the way he constantly pissed off people or pushed them away was anything to go by. But then again, except for himself, Natasha probably was closest with Steve, she did know him pretty well, to say nothing of her observing skills.
“Mr. Stark, good evening. If you’d allow me to steal a second of your time. I’m dying to know what you think of Dr. Banner’s approach to the antielectron collision.” That guy seemed genuinely excited about this, so Tony decided to play nice.
“I think we need to talk, Tony.”
Today was Steve’s first date with someone from an online dating platform. Not that he knew, Tony made sure of it, otherwise he would probably have refused to go. But even Tony could run out of resources sometimes. Just like now when he had already tried five times to end the boring board meeting he was in. They had gone round in circles for hours and even though it was six o’clock already there was no end in sight. He had somehow hoped to catch Steve later when he would be back from his date, but right now it didn’t look like it. He wasn’t even sure
Absently, Tony just nodded, unable to say anything while he was the center of Steve’s attention like this. He really tried to ignore the warm fuzzy feeling inside his chest, but the way Steve was looking at him with those big blue eyes that always showed so many emotions and knowing that he really meant what he had said, didn’t really help.
When she stepped beside him to grab a bottle of water from the fridge, she eyed him suspiciously. Tony briefly thought about anything he could have done wrong in the past few days but didn’t come up with anything. Still considering if he should say something, Natasha interrupted his thoughts, “you look kinda miserable.”
“Jesus, would you calm down? No wonder you can’t sleep with that heart rate of yours.”
and that it couldn’t wait much longer, but he didn’t exactly have a plan yet. First he needed dryer clothes and, more importantly, to calm down. Not that it was an easy task considering he just found out that Steve had feelings for him. Like. How the hell did that happen? And why didn’t he know? Why not for once anything in his life could be easy was beyond him. But that wasn’t important right now. Only talking to Steve and making this right was important, but how? They weren’t even really talking after all.
Since most of the Avengers lived in the same building, the next opportunity to spread more rumors arrived the next morning over breakfast. Steve was rather hesitant, which was to be expected. Tony on the other hand seemed to touch and watch Steve as much as possible. Every now and then he put his hand on Steve’s shoulder or arm just for the sake of touching him. He especially enjoyed that he was able to look at Steve as much as he wanted without having to police himself to not be too obvious. He didn’t go full-on, but he wouldn’t be surprised if he wore the heart-eyes Natasha had talked about.
“I like to think you know me better than to think I’d use my exams as an excuse.”
Steve couldn’t hold in a snort. “How’d you realize?”
“So, did you really study the whole time? Or was that just a lame excuse?” He asked even though he knew pretty well that Steve usually didn’t lie.
Steve grinned at him and started talking when he was still a few meters away. “So, there's a lot of barriers and a sign saying Central Park is closed today. You don't happen to know anything about that, do you?”
“I should.. I need to.. go,” Steve stammered, while from the corner of his eye he saw that Tony was watching him lazily. He didn't wait for an answer before he left the bedroom, practically running for the elevator even though it was actually the last thing he wanted to do.
“I just wanted to let you know that I’ve decided to move out.. temporarily,” he told the team that was gathered in the communal living room. Most of their eyes were wide with shock or surprise or somewhat similar. Steve saw that a few of them wanted to say something, but he cut them off, not wanting them to try and convince him to stay.
“Uuhm.. No?”
Trying his best to ignore that fuzzy feeling building in his chest, Steve just grinned at him before holding out his hand to help Tony up.
“I didn’t know, I swear. It’s been a while since I last saw her, sorry.”
While they helped themselves on the buffet, Tony made a point being near Steve as much as possible. He always wanted whatever food was on his other side so he would have to bend over the table and brush Steve. If they had to change position to get their foods, Tony always touched Steve, guiding him with a hand on his back, touching his arm or anything like it. Just when they were about to take their plates back to their table, a reporter approached.
road.
When Steve entered the room, Tony stopped in the doorway, leaning against the doorframe. “We can take turns if you..,” he started to say, but Steve interrupted him by taking his hand, pulling him into the room.
“No. You’re an idiot, because you really didn’t realise that you were right. Steve wants to be in a relationship.
He really had been the worst boyfriend ever. He had been too selfish to see that Steve was hurting, he should’ve been there for him. Instead he had made it even worse. He had been angry at him for worrying about his best friend, for god’s sake.
Steve pinched the bridge of his nose. This was obviously not going to happen, so he really needed to take a step back before he could screw everything up completely. He almost gave away his feelings and once he would spill the beans there would be no turning back. First thing tomorrow he would tell Tony that he didn’t want to continue their little fling or whatever it was they were having. As much as he didn’t want to end it, he couldn't do it again. In the end it would ruin the friendship they had to work so hard for. And losing Tony would probably be even worse than the broken heart Steve would doublessly have.
talking anymore. Besides it wasn’t like they had ended a relationship, it had only been a.. Steve still didn’t even know what it had been. All he knew was that it was for the best and that he had to get over it. Tony didn’t seem to mind too much, at least Steve didn’t notice him acting any different. But then again, Tony wasn’t the one with the crush. Also he probably was used to stuff like that, other than Steve.
“Started out with Brooklyn Nine-Nine, but now it’s Conan, I think? I’m not really watching, you can change the channel if you like,” Steve answered, handing the remote to Tony without looking up from the notes in his lap.
“Why? What should be going on between them?” Barton obviously didn’t have a clue what she was talking about.
“Well that’s not news. If that would be all?” He tried his best to sound conciliatory, because he felt guilty for being rude. No matter how hard it was when she got your head straight, she only ever wanted the best for everyone. She certainly didn’t deserve to be yelled at.
Tapping his nose while he seemed to think, Tony’s brows furrowed. “Wednesday,” he guessed.
“Did you guys break it off?” She asked as if Tony didn’t even say anything. Looking at her bewildered, brows raised, he had actually no clue what she was talking about. Maybe he should have gone to sleep about 15 hours ago, but somehow he was sure, he still wouldn’t get what she was on about. So maybe it could have been worse than meeting Black Widow in the kitchen, but it definitely could have been better as well. And she definitely was in Black Widow mode right now.
Without waiting for an invitation Steve made his way to the couch, putting his head in his hands after he sat down. He breathed out in relief, he didn’t know what he’d do if he would lose Bucky. Therapy was working well for him, but sometimes he just couldn’t be alone with his thoughts, especially after the severer sessions. In the beginning Bucky had tended to leave out details to deal with them himself, resulting in him having breakdowns regularly. As far as Steve could tell that wasn’t the case anymore. But he just couldn’t stop worrying about him. It wasn’t always rational and he believed in Bucky, but the thought of losing him again was too much. It sent him right over the edge every time, so he tried not to go there too often.
“Sooo, uhm. How is Steve?” He asked tentatively. He had wanted to be far more casual about it, actually, but couldn’t quite help himself.
Smiling softly, Steve nodded and sat down on the blanket only a few inches next to Tony.
When the noise of the wind rustling through the trees and the singing of the birds got louder, his own thoughts took a backseat, allowing him to relax a little. Not uncommonly he felt like the weight of the world was pressed on his shoulders, so he really welcomed the calm and peace for a change.
“I knew you’d make me say it. Fine.. You were my knight in shining armour.”
A few minutes later they were on the road in his blue Audi, because who wouldn’t have chosen the matching car for Steve’s suit? This was totally normal, right?
He didn’t answer right away, since he wasn’t keen on sharing his recurring nightmares or the way he saw the destruction they’d caused whenever he closed his eyes. “I’m not the best sleeper myself,” was his vague response instead.
“But when? Why?” Steve still seemed confused and in need of answers, but Tony was sure they needed only one thing right now. “I think we should get home as fast as possible.”
Throwing back his head, his voice was hoarse when he murmured, “Tony. I’m..” Another moan interrupted his statement, because the vibration of Tony humming around his dick felt way too good. But apparently Tony understood nevertheless if the way he was sucking him even harder was any indication.
"Yeah, I guess.”
“How did I know that you two were doing the dirty or how did I know that you broke it off?”
His laughter died down when Steve leaned forward, his voice soft and low when he just said, “yeah.”
Different expressions flickered over Tony’s face, but Steve couldn’t guess what he was actually thinking when he answered. “Does that mean, Lincoln was.. a good choice? If he made you want to stop dating? But why aren’t you with him then?”
“Also I
He nodded slowly. “Yeah, he is okay. It kinda was a false alarm.” He pinched the bridge of his nose, taking a deep breath before he went on. “Look, I’m sorry..”
“Of course.. thanks for the heads up by the way,” Steve said teasingly, when he stopped in front of Tony who was standing in the middle of the living room, disabling his armour with a chuckle. “Yeah, sorry. Wanted to have you to myself.”
To stop Tony from saying anything, Steve leaned back and gently pressed his lips to Tony's. He froze for a second before he eagerly returned the soft pressure.
Tony sighed. Assuming she was right, because honestly you don’t just doubt Natasha, there was still this other thing she said. What, assuming she was right again, would mean that Tony also had feelings for Steve. Which, honestly, wouldn’t even be far-fetched, because have you met this guy? He was gorgeous, seriously. Not only because of his abs or America’s Ass (even though Tony would argue that his own butt was a very close second if not the real winner), but his deep, blue eyes that were so damn expressive among many other things. On top of that he was just the kindest, most thoughtful person with a great sense of humor. And he was able to keep up with Tony through banter, sarcasm and whatnot. Which was kind of impressive. They were friends, of course he liked him. He liked having him around and missed him whenever he wasn’t. He liked talking to him as much as sitting in comfortable silence. He liked shooting the shit with him and laugh about stupid stuff. And apparently he also liked to kiss him and sleep with him.
“Tony, please don’t. This is not your fault, I just need some time. Besides, I wasn’t lying, I meant when I said I’ll be back. Probably sooner rather than later.”
The only thing he was semi looking forward to was his lunch date with Natasha. He loved to spend time with her and maybe she could distract him from the clusterfuck that was his current situation, but then again, she was Steve’s best friend. So she would also be a constant reminder of him and she would probably want to know what had happened. Because Tony wasn’t sure if there was any chance she would have gotten an answer out of Steve regarding this topic.
They swiftly found a mutual rhythm, jerking each other slowly without their lips separating longer than necessary. Despite their tardy strokes, their firm grip quickly put them on the edge and after only a few more tight strokes,Tony reached his climax. The sound of his whine was muffled by Steve’s mouth, before he broke the kiss. Steve looked at Tony, who had closed his eyes, expression soft as he enjoyed the aftermath of his orgasm. The sight as well as Tony’s hardened grip made him get off just seconds after him.
Tony looked almost relieved at that. Apparently he still worried he'd crossed a line, even though Steve had told him to forget about it right away.
“Sorry. I just don’t know what I’m doing here. I mean, I’m not sure how I got here and I probably most definitely need some sleep sometime, but that doesn’t mean I
Steve furrowed his brows for a second before smiling. He probably didn’t want to let his confusion show. “Of course I do, Anthony. Dr. Banner truly is brilliant.”
What they didn’t know, not only Barton had heard what they were talking about. So had Tony.
almost kissed
Both of them laughed, but not without Steve rolling his eyes, when they made their way to the elevator.
Have fun, I hope you'll enjoy it.
Tony answered.
Tony breathed out audible, before a grin appeared on his face. “God, I gotta admit, I’ve come to hate you going on those dates. I think I was kinda.. jealous.”
So this was it, Tony guessed. He wasn’t wrong when he had asked if Steve would break up with him. He was pretty sure this was the end of the pretended thing they had going. At least that was what Tony hoped Steve wanted to talk about. Maybe he overdid the whole thing and Steve was mad at him? That would be even worse than just wanting to stop what they were doing. He didn’t just wreck their friendship, did he? Tony tried to take a few deep breaths, now slightly panicking. Since when took the elevator that long to reach his story? What if the elevator would get stuck? Maybe that would delay their conversation. Was there a way for Tony to tell Jarvis to stop the elevator without Steve noticing? But maybe they would just talk about it in here and it would be even more uncomfortable given the small space. Weren’t elevators actually supposed to be kinda romantic? Like ‘your crush kisses you as soon as the doors close’-romantic? All Tony got was awkward silence and nervous sweating, thanks for nothing.
Maybe he seemed too perfect? Perfect was never something Steve had gone for. He actually liked flaws, they reminded him about humanity and that even he was still human. Surely even Lincoln would have his weaknesses, but still.
In what? Did she really just say in love? As in Steve loved him? And did she just imply that Tony loved Steve as well?
"Tony!" Steve exclaimed. "What the hell is wrong with you?"
Steve couldn’t help but snort. "Are you serious?"
Tony smirked at him, but didn’t waste any time until he took his dick into his mouth, swirling his tongue around the tip before he started bobbing his head up and down. Steve moaned out loud, clenching his hands into the sheets and Tony’s hair. Holding it to the bed, Tony gripped Steve’s hip while he worked him with a steady rhythm, occasionally scraping his teeth along the length of his cock. His action were greeted with a muffled “Fuck”. Tony glanced up, smirking, but Steve’s eyes were closed. He would enjoy telling him to watch his language right now just to fuck with him. But he didn’t, sometimes even Tony knew when he’d better not say anything. Hopefully he would get a lot more chances to tease him like that. He wouldn’t mind getting used to Steve in his bed, moaning, swearing.
“I think it would have saved us some trouble.”
At least driving took Tony’s mind off of Steve enough to not go crazy. Yet.
Steve just huffed, apparently not agreeing.
Tony seemed genuinely confused.
He wondered how he got so lucky that he first woke up with Steve besides him and now got to watch him make breakfast. Shirtless. He was awake, right? He pinched himself just to be sure, but the scene didn’t change. Apparently this was real. However he got here, he must have done something right.
It was late in the evening when Tony’s phone announced another text and pulled him out of his bubble. He had worked for hours on end without eating or pausing for more than about two minutes. Which wasn't exactly healthy, but not that unusual for him. At least he didn’t have time to think about anything. Grabbing his phone, he rubbed his eyes with his other hand, his eyes were starting to hurt, a not unexpected headache was on its way.
That made Steve turn around completely, looking over the couch, his gaze fixed on Tony, watching him with a fond expression. His voice was soft when he said, “you did and I’m really proud of you, Tony.”
“So, about our.. uhm
“Well.. what about Kirsten from statistics then?”
Tony was so close, he had to tip back his head, looking at Steve through his long dark lashes before leaning in. His breath ghosted over Steve’s lips, his mouth teasingly close without touching his, as he whispered, “if you want me to take a break, make me.”
Huh, so maybe Tony didn’t kill the mood. Maybe he should push his luck and ask him to marry him right away. He chuckled. Okay, so maybe right now this was enough. But Tony realised what Steve’s words had meant. He was in for the long run and Tony couldn’t be happier about it. Sure, he would find at least a hundred ways to drive Steve to insanity and fuck this up, but Steve was pretty forgiving and right now all he wanted was to enjoy the moment.
When he came to stand next to Steve, they put their arms around their shoulders like they had done a hundred times. What Tony usually didn’t do was raising himself on tiptoes, kissing Steve on the cheek right before the picture was taken.
Of course Steve would have picked up on the limitation. And of course he would keep calling him Anthony.
Steve hummed in approval, taking a look around in search of the bathroom until Tony shoved him in the right direction and followed him.
“Don’t think for a second that this means everything is fine,” Tony spluttered when he pushed off the counter.
“You have never heard of this show, have you?” Steve asked faux-serious but couldn’t help but laugh. Both of them turned their attention to the TV, waiting for the player’s answers. The first three were rather boring, but on the board at least. The fourth,
“Tony,” Steve cut in. “Yes. The answer is yes.”
Tony threw his jacket on a chair in passing before he came to stand in front of his bed. Steve was right behind him, pressing himself against Tony’s back, kissing his nape and neck until he found a spot right behind Tony’s ear that made him shiver. He was about to continue his path when Tony turned around, stopping him by meeting his lips with his own. He pushed and pulled at Steve’s clothes, trying to shove aside his jacket. Steve shrugged it off, before putting his arms around Tony, pulling him in tight. Their tongues swirled around each other, licking against their lips, Steve only breaking the kiss with a moan when Tony bit his bottom lip. Tony unhooked Steve’s bow tie, it had served him well enough, pulling it off, before he started to unbutton his dress shirt. Steve let him undress him while he kissed his neck. When Tony was done, he shoved the shirt off of Steve’s shoulders and briefly kissed him, before his hands roamed over Steve’s sides and abdomen until they reached his fly. Tony broke the kiss to look him in the eye, asking for permission. Steve nodded slightly while he raised his hands, slowly unbuttoning Tony’s shirt.
Steve looked at him doubtfully, he didn’t need to be made fun of. Again.
regretted this.
“Morning,” Steve greeted them and instantly earned a groan in response. “What is wrong with you? Seriously. You can’t just get up at ass o’clock and go running every day. That’s not.. normal.”
“Her name is Shannon,” Steve started with a sigh, but was immediately interrupted by Tony, “so you already went on a date with her? Why didn’t you tell me? I’m disappointed.”
“You’re an idiot,” she said, voice neutral, like Tony didn’t almost lose his cool a second ago.
“Don’t be.” Steve smiled. He decided to let Tony off the hook, that was probably enough guilt for one day. “I’m sure you didn’t know any better. But she was actually really nice. I mean I didn’t need all that information about her tattoos.” Steve paused while Tony had to suppress his laughter. “Anyway she’s just too.. 21st century for me, but we had a cheerful talk. Well, she did most of the talking but still. The date was entertaining, but she’s not for me. She was actually even kinda intimidating to be honest.”
he did, that is. Or that.. I fell for him,” Tony trailed off, closely watching Steve’s reaction. A faint smile played at his lips as he turned a little more towards Tony. His hand twitched as if he wanted to reach out but decided against it.
“You’re not cancelling again, are you?”
Tony smiled fondly. “Yeah. I love you, Steve.”
Steve groaned and rolled his eyes at him. “Really? How long did it take to come up with that line?”
Tony had only wanted to have company. But not just anyone, he had wanted to have Steve there. They had spent so much time together the last few months and Tony was used to having him around. He would also distract Tony from how much he hated those events and he would distract everyone from Tony, because he was Captain fucking America. Additionally he would be smoking hot in a suit. Which would cause the biggest distraction, at least for Tony. He had seen him dressed up a few years back when they hadn’t really gotten along yet, but that hadn’t changed the way Tony tried to get a good look at Steve whenever possible. Only because you didn’t agree with everything, or maybe even anything, someone says didn’t mean you can’t find that person attractive. And that was exactly the problem, Tony did find Steve attractive. That time he had worn the suit, when he wore his uniform, when he wore sweatpants, always. And thinking back at just how amazing he had looked in his smoking, Tony didn’t think he would be able to take his eyes off of him even for a second tonight. Only this time he wouldn’t admire him from afar, this time Steve would be at his side for the whole night. He didn’t know anyone at the gala and he sure as hell wasn’t going to slumming. How would Tony manage to survive the night without letting on that he had a crush on Steve?
“Tony, it’s not what you’re thinking,” Steve sounded almost pleading. And this was the moment Tony should probably have felt less sure about this whole thing. But somehow he didn’t. He had read Natasha’s message and if there wasn’t another Tony both of them knew it had been pretty clear. He wouldn’t back out until Steve precisely told him that he didn’t want him.
Tony groaned, this was definitely his least favorite part of those events. “Maybe I should order another scotch before.” He stopped when Steve just looked at him pointedly. “Or not. Let’s go.”
The drive home took only a few minutes, Tony made sure of it. If Steve was glad now that they had taken the car he didn’t say anything. But talking wasn’t what Tony had in mind anyway. They barely made it to the elevator until he stepped into Steve’s space and kissed him again, sliding his hands over his shoulders, feeling the muscles even through layers of fabric. He had wanted to touch him for so long and planned to explore his whole body like this. Finally the elevator reached the penthouse and they stumbled out of it and into Tony’s living room.
“Naah, it’s fine. JARVIS just made me leave the workshop, apparently something about healthy work-life balance or some such thing,” Tony explained and rolled his eyes, making Steve snort.
“And then stopped to lean against a tree?” His voice was as sceptical as his look.
“I think I will. And just to be clear, I guess I would’ve taken kindly to it.” Tony chuckled softly.
But seeing Steve leave had been the last thing he wanted nevertheless. Sometimes he really hated himself for the way he treated his boyfriend and he wondered how long it would take until he ruined their relationship enough that he wouldn’t even be able to call him just that anymore.
“We’ve known each other for our whole lives and he knows how much you care about me, he’s just afraid to lose you.”
“What? Nothing!”
Tony still stared at him, he seemed to have difficulties understanding what was going on. “So, lemme get this straight.. You compared your date to.. me? And that means.. you’re saying that you like me?” Tony asked, his voice hinted with hope now. Steve shrugged, still smiling softly “I guess.”
Two weeks and he already missed the team and even though he could barely admit it to himself let alone to anybody else, he missed Steve. Tony had even considered going back, because surely they would have welcomed him just like the family they were, but he couldn’t. He had yelled at them when his anger was actually directed at Steve, but he didn’t care right there right then. He had told them they wouldn’t get by without him, that he didn’t need them. Both of which were obvious lies. He had known right away after the words left his mouth, but he felt it even more when he was all alone back at the tower. He was lonely and miserable and not even Pepper could cheer him up. Not that she had much time to, she was a CEO and someone that had their life together after all.
A few weeks ago Steve started to think about confessing his feelings, almost every day he had been pondering if it would be worth it. Could he really risk losing their friendship over this? He tried to tell himself that it was only a crush, but he couldn’t even convince himself for more than one second. The chances of Tony having feelings for him were slim and that wasn’t even why he wanted to tell him in the first place. He just couldn't take it anymore. With each day his feelings grew even stronger. Every compliment he made him, every playful banter they shared, every unintentional touch, all those things sent fireworks through Steve’s whole body. Whenever he playfully kissed him on the cheek, it took Steve everything to not turn his head to welcome the kiss with his lips. It couldn't be long until he wasn't able to resist such impulses anymore and that was why he needed to tell Tony. Steve's consciousness also told him that he had a right to know.
They both raised their hands in an attempt to get a hold of each other and drag the other one forward. With a laugh on their lips, their mouths finally met in a kiss.
“You're unbelievable,” Steve laughed before he kissed his pout.
He probably wouldn’t be allowed to demand his favor if Steve knew that Tony had pretty specifically told Tiffany to stay away from Steve. Not only because he was his friend and had asked him for his help, but because Tony had been jealous that she got to go on the date that Tony would never have.
“Come on, it’s gonna be fun,” Tony suggested.
“Yes, I did.. I do.”
Tony's eyes were bleary while he held Steve's gaze and for all the times Steve couldn’t read them, now he could see the hurt and the honesty in them. Not that he would have doubted that it was the truth. This was Tony, who never talked about feelings, so why would he if he didn't even mean it?
This time Tony couldn't restrain himself from huffing. “Sure as hell didn’t feel like it.”
“So you got nothing as well,” Steve teased and unfortunately he was right. That’s really not a question Tony had paid much mind to up until now. He wouldn’t admit that of course. Instead he did the only reasonable thing in this situation: he made a face and stuck his tongue out at Steve, who just laughed and shook his head at him. And because with Steve Tony didn’t even need to pretend to be an adult, he then pouted at Steve, making him laugh even more.
“So, you’re telling me that you made all of this up just to flirt with me?”
"About the oversharing or the being horny part?"
“Heya Cap.” And there went his chance to bolt.
the elevator were vanishingly low. It had been his own decision but yet he wanted to be anywhere but here or rather where he was going. It felt like the last weeks all over again.
He didn’t answer, instead he faceplanted himself onto the couch as if that somehow would solve his problems. When, after all of five seconds, it didn’t, he turned around on his back, staring at the ceiling. “I’m such an idiot,” he groaned. He wasn’t exactly someone that could control himself most of the time, but with Steve he had managed. Since his feelings surfaced he had tried to hide them and not make any mistakes and was rather successful. Until yesterday. Why, for the love of god, did he have to fuck it all up? When he would say that Steve was the best thing that ever had happened to him, he definitely wouldn’t be lying. It had also been true even before he discovered that he was in love with him. And now he may have butchered their whole friendship. Why couldn’t he have just thought for one second. Whenever he stumbled over the possibility of destroying what they had, it had always been enough to pull Tony out of whatever trance Steve’s eyes or his physiques or his words or his whatever put him into. Enough to not make stupid mistakes. Even though part of him thought he wasn’t even to blame. Being this close to Steve, looking directly into these unbelievable deep blue eyes, almost feeling his breath on your lips, who could have resisted that? Not a man as weak as Tony.
Steve rolled his eyes now that Tony was looking at him again, but his voice was soft when he said, “Tony, you should take a break.”
“Stop it, Tony!” Steve told him through gritted teeth. He seemed like he tried really hard to sound serious, but the way he had to suppress his laughter made Tony grin like an idiot.
what he told you?”
“Definitely, it helps you calm down and relax.” Steve looked around and found a huge tree with beautiful dark bark at close quarters. Without thinking about it, he took Tony’s hand, pulling him with him. As soon as he felt Tony’s skin against his, he felt like a bolt of lightning was running through his veins. He tried his best to ignore the feeling and suppressed the urge to drop Tony’s hand. That would look even stupider than taking it in the first place.
Playfully bumping his shoulder against Tony’s, Steve grinned at him. “Should I say I told you so, or..?”
Seeing Steve standing in the elevator made Tony realize that, of course, two days hadn’t been nearly enough to get ready for this moment. Not that he didn’t spend hours thinking about what to say or to guess what Steve would say, but the result was rather disappointing.
Sooo, to be honest I'm really not sure about this chapter, it kind of didn't turn out like I wanted it to be? It's exactly like I wanted it to be, but I still don't really like it? idk. Feel free to let me know what you think <3
With another interruption from another stranger they were finally on their way to the buffet. If you had to attend charity galas or whatever they were even here for, you could at least enjoy the free drinks and food. Tony walked to Steve’s side and put his hand in the small of Steve’s back, guiding him through the mass of people, even though he didn’t know any better which direction they needed to go. Steve’s head turned to watch him just in time with his hand settling on his back, his look quizzically, but since he didn’t say anything, Tony didn’t move his hand away..
“That a promise?”
Steve didn’t come home after his usual running time window. He also didn’t come home one, two or three hours later and even though Tony tried so hard to concentrate on his work and to deliberately not think about Steve, he couldn’t help but start to worry. It was only when Nat shot him a text an hour later, telling him that Steve was with her, (because she just knew that he would worry, bless her heart) that he could relax a little. It hurt that, apparently, Steve and him weren’t even talking, but he tried his best not to go there. Instead he dove into his current project head first. If there was anything that could always distract him, it had something to do with engineering. Building something or trying to understand how something was built had always been his safe space. For as long as he could think this was the only way to ignore any unpleasant event or feeling, drinking aside.
He finally buttoned his white dress shirt, there was no way he would get out of this situation and maybe Steve wouldn’t even look that good. Tony rolled his eyes at himself because as if. He tried to remind himself that he had wanted to have Steve around so he wasn’t alone feeling out of place, he needed the support. Besides who knew when he would get the next chance at seeing him dressed up.
“Yeah, obviously.” Tony chortled. “But.. what if I would consider?"
Steve took another long, deep breath before he started to speak again.
“Don’t you think it’s kinda unfair that they think it’s okay to discuss our relationship? Besides.. do you remember Tiffany?”
“Am I getting this right..” Tony took a step forward into Steve’s space, “that the thing you thought you didn’t get to have was me? This?” He pointed a finger at himself and then at Steve, their bodys so close that his hand had just enough space without touching them in the movement. Tony peared at Steve, anxiously waiting for his response. He hoped he didn’t read anything wrong.
“No. No, I just didn’t think you were into men.”
Unsure if it was the implication that Steve was dumb or the arrogant tone, but for some reason that got him. Fastening the grip on the wood until his knuckles turned white, he pulled and, out of an impulse, ripped the log in two. Staring at the two halves on the ground, he turned and walked away. Without another word he made his way to the barn, needing some time to calm down again. He wasn’t sure why that silly argument had bothered him so much. Sure, he always hated to fight with people close to him, including Tony. But with Tony it was even worse somehow, because they didn’t seem to get along without it and Steve didn’t get why it was that way. Still, his reaction had been exaggerated and he was kind of ashamed that Tony made him lose his cool so effortlessly, that he knew how to push his buttons.
“Steve, please, just listen to me.”
So much for not making him feel guilty.
Of course Steve would know what Tony had actually wanted to say, but he was glad that Steve didn’t end that sentence. They’ve had that talk and in a weak moment Tony had told him about his past, how Howard had treated him and how he never really felt like he was enough. No matter how much money or how many suits, saving people had been the only thing that made him feel worth something. But he didn’t want to go that road again and Steve clearly knew that.
“Okay, Sure. What’s up?”
Stopping his pointless pacing, he sat down at the table and buried his head in his hands.
“He was a good choice, perfect actually.” Steve paused and this time he could have sworn that Tony looked disappointed or even sad, but he didn’t want to get his hopes up. He had come here to tell him the truth, regardless of what his response would be. That’s just how they did things and Steve was nothing if not honest. And scared right now, but that was another matter altogether.
After Tony showered and changed, Steve was waiting for him outside the gym. His expression was illegible and he wasn’t his usual smiley self, so Tony decided to be cautious and not say anything for now.
Pacing up and down the living room Tony tried to come up with what to say to Steve. He would need to find a way to make it up to him, to show him how much he meant to Tony and how sorry he was. Hopefully he would come back to the tower tonight, Tony wanted to get over their fight rather sooner than later. After the conversation with Pepper, Tony had been about to call Steve, but he didn’t want him to think he was controlling him or something. So he was waiting patiently. If pacing through every room counted as patiently.
“Maybe it won’t be that bad.”
He crossed the balcony, leaning against the railing in front of Tony. “Hey.” His voice was soft and calm, nothing indicated that he was angry. He seemed rather exhausted. Tony hated to see him like this, to know that it was his fault. At least partly.
With cautious movements Steve walked up to Tony until he was an armslengh away.
As soon as Steve closed the door to his apartment, he let himself slump against it, burying his face in his hands, he groaned. This was not how this was supposed to go. Again, it had just felt too real having Tony right there besides him.
“They what?”
“Would it have made a difference?”
Of course, only Tony would call a truce between friends. If that’s even what they were.
In order to not look like an idiot, staring at her open-mouthed, he asked, “how did you know?”
“Do you know what day it is?” Steve raised his eyebrows questioningly.
“Naah, it’s fine. JARVIS told me that you were on your way. What about your date? You’re back early.”
it would get in the way.
When they parted Tony started biting at his neck, moving to his collarbone until he was licking and biting and kissing a trail along Steve’s upper body and everything that followed, happened in a daze for Steve. Gentle kisses mixed with playful nips. Whispered names turned into moaned incentments. Swear words mingled with endearments. Touches, the feeling of skin on skin and soon everything Steve could sense and see, everything he could think of, was Tony.
“There we go, princess.” Tony clapped his hands and practically beamed at Steve.
After only a few seconds the call was answered.
“I know, I know. But that’s still not the point. I wanted to protect you, because I.. I couldn’t bear the thought of losing you.” Steve briefly closed his eyes, before he continued, “I was worried that something might happen to you, I wanted you to be safe and I thought.. when you sit out every other mission, you can’t get hurt.”
Only then it fully registered what Natasha had said. “What did you just say?”
“What?” In his defense, Tony had been distracted by his own thoughts, so he really didn’t quite follow. But Steve just huffed and rolled his eyes at him.
“Yes, please. I think one more week and Natasha would’ve locked us up until we would get our act together.” Steve had chuckled and was about to lean forward, when Clint stepped through the door, oblivious to what was happening. “Hey Tony, I wanted.. oh, hey Steve. I wanted to fetch the arrows you made for me.”
Thankfully the room was dark so Tony didn’t see him blush, but he couldn't suppress a surprised cough escaping his throat. In spite of that Steve tried to sound as casual as possible when he said, “did anyone ever tell you about that concept that is ‘oversharing’? Do you have absolutely no filter between your brain and mouth?”
“Yeah, okay.. it’s just the great Captain America.. you know what? Nevermind. So what’s your excuse to be awake?”
“That’s actually really nice, To..”
Natasha sighed, but her gaze turned soft when she watched him closely. “He had it bad for you forever. That’s why he was so happy when you two started your thing. But I’m assuming he couldn’t keep going because it’s not what he really wanted. Or not
Steve just turned around and when he spotted Tony, he appeared to be a little startled. But maybe Tony just imagined, because a moment later Steve leaned against the counter and smiled at him. “Hey.. Honey.”
“Yeah, I guess we both didn’t know back then. That we.. like each other.” Tony laughed nervously before he continued, “thank god, I chose the one that was the exact opposite of me, right?”
The first thing Steve had noticed about him was his height. Which wasn’t surprising since he was probably about four inch taller than Steve and he wouldn’t consider himself small.
Abruptly he got up, he needed to get out of there. “I’ll just.. go then,” he said a little breathless even though he tried really hard to sound casual. Without looking at Tony again he turned and made his way to the door.
“So, what I’m trying to say.. The whole time I was comparing him to someone else. Some brunette who’s
“I’m serious. It’s a truce.”
“Hey, my eyes are up here, Rogers.” Tony exclaimed fake-indignant before he chuckled.
sassy and sarcastic and actually a pain in the ass most of the time to be honest.” Steve chuckled nervously before he continued, “but I like it. I like him.. a lot actually.”
“No, I.. Why would I?” Steve’s cheeks heated and he finally pushed himself off the tree, trying to bring a bit of distance between it and himself.
From what had felt like normality a few days ago wasn’t much left. Whenever Steve moved around the tower he was alert. Expecting Tony around every corner, behind every door, constantly trying to come up with what to say in case he would run into him.
“Steve, there really is no reason for you to be sorry. He’s your best friend and he needed you. Not that I would know, but I guess that’s what friends are for.” Tony saw that Steve was about to respond to it, but he just kept on talking. “I’m the one that needs to apologize. I kinda felt rejected. I don’t know why someone like you would bother with someone like me and that’s why I was jealous. But I trust you, Steve.”
“Are you okay?” Steve asked cautiously.
After Steve got off the elevator on his floor and they said goodnight, he went straight into the shower, taking his time washing up and enjoying the warmth of the water in hopes of becoming tired.
“I’m so very sorry, gentlemen. But Captain America needs my help, gotta go.” To emphasize his already exaggerated apology, he raised his phone like it would be proof for his excuse.
It wasn’t exactly ‘first thing’ that he talked to him, actually Steve tried not to run into him until afternoon, but he was on his way to his workshop now and that had to count for something, right?
