Steve caught the wince and sighed. "I know. If Natasha's found something, then we'll make a plan. It may be nothing. I won't go in without you, but I can't promise that Fury won't order someone else in." He hated that thought for a lot of reasons. If it really was Bucky and there was some chance of fixing things, Steve didn't want Natasha or someone with no real stake in it taking action without thought. If it wasn't Bucky - not really Bucky - then Steve wanted to put him to rest himself if that was possible. No matter how it shook down he wasn't happy about the idea of not being there, but he wasn't about to leave Tony either. "I won't be gone long. And, no, you aren't coming." He'd seen Tony's lips parting and knew exactly what he was going to say. "You're barely up to eating breakfast. If it was any other meeting, you'd be finding a dozen reasons not to go. Trust me, whatever is said, I'll tell you. I promise."
"Only twelve? I think we could push to at least fifteen," Simmons murmured, though she wasn't really waiting for an answer. She'd drifted away from Tony to chatter excitedly with Fitz, who started plugging numbers into a program with apparent glee. Tony was most certainly a jerk. Tony also happened to be a genius. He'd invented things that gave them both intellectual boners all through school, and working alongside him was- well, it was terrible, but it was still an honor of a sort. "Should have something by later tonight. Or morning. It may depend on how long some of the compounds take to stabilize. Then there's seeing if it actually interacts with the hammer, of course, if the-" Simmons cut herself off. "You know that." She turned back to the screen without another word.
Scott kept his hold on Logan not to hold him back - that wasn't even physically possible - but to maintain contact. "You're fine. I've been with you the whole time. You're you. Which means you're kind of a dick sometimes, but you're you." Scott looked down the hallway through the small window in the doors going back to the rooms and saw continual activity in and out of the room to which they'd taken Natasha. "He's just worried, and I can't blame him for that."
Bruce looked significantly less comfortable. "Guys, I don't think there's enough room in here for the big guy, if you get my drift."
"You've got it," Natasha agreed. They stopped off at Logan's room and found Scott bored and edgy and ready to blow off some steam too. Nat smiled at the man. "You're gonna like this." She was genuinely intrigued to see what Scott could do. It was one thing knowing someone was a mutant. It was another thing seeing it firsthand. She led the charge to the shooting range and gestured to a well-stocked cabinet just inside. "Pick your poison, boys."
Steve panted in return, thrusting hard into Tony's willing body. "God, you feel amazing," he murmured before nipping at Tony's earlobe. The way the man moved was intoxicating. Steve actually wondered how he'd kept his hands off of Tony for so long. Probably because he kept talking. Even Tony's snarky, often angry attitude had grown on him with time. Steve honestly had trouble remembering what he'd done for fun without Tony Stark. Steve couldn't help but smile fondly at the utterly debauched picture beneath him when he drew back enough to get a good view. "You look even better."
"So my fate rests in the hands of the science bros?"
Before he had the chance to ask more, the door opened a sliver and Bruce stuck his head in. “Sorry to interrupt. Mr. Barnes, you do need your rest. Maybe a couple hours of sleep and then some visiting hours? The stuff that’s washing you out’ll hit pretty hard soon. You’re probably going to sleep whether you want to or not.”
"I know," she answered firmly, her eyes locked with Clint's. "If anyone can, it's the Avengers." The team was fragmented and messy, but Natasha still had faith in them. She'd seen them come together from nothing, and she'd seen them come out more or less intact. Healing could come after the mission. Slowly she sat up, head spinning with the movement. "Let's get this done."
"Stark, do you know where - " Fury noticed Steve in the frame and stopped dead. "Found you both, then. I think you two should get back to the tower."
Logan's jaw clenched. "Scott's not stupid. These people are professionals if they managed to get ahold of 'im," he observed, looking through the rest of Coulson's files. Little made him as angry as slavers. The idea went against the very core of the feral mutant's nature, and the idea that a comrade - even one as obnoxious as Scott Summers - was in their hands was enough to leave him itching to kill someone. "Just tell me where I need to go and who I need to stab some answers out of, Coulson. I'll kill every last one of 'em for ya. Or at least kill 'em until they decide to take up basket-weavin'."
"Could definitely do without the audience," Logan agreed. While he'd fooled around in a few dark bar corners in his life, blatant exhibitionism wasn't Logan's thing, especially when it was someone he cared about. Too much of Logan's life had been gone through without his permission, and something so private was staying private if he had anything to say about it. Leaning up, he licked and nipped at Scott's collarbone, his hands sliding down the back of his lover's boxers, gently kneading the man's ass, mindful of his bruises.
When they reached the door, Steve couldn’t quite resist. He shifted his arm out of Tony’s and cupped the man’s cheek. Even with his stomach doing flips, he mustered the courage and pressed a gentle, easy kiss on Tony’s lips. The small gestured left him smiling. “Sweet dreams, Tony.”
Bruce rolled his eyes. He was getting used to Tony's total disregard for everyone's comfort, though. "Thanks for the food, Steve," he said quietly. He had to admit, Tony really seemed infatuated with Rogers. The fact that he hadn't run screaming when the serum quit, and that he didn't seem to be hanging on any hopes it would come back said a lot for him. //Tony Stark may actually be growing up. And here I thought we'd averted the end of the world...//
Seeing that the joke had fallen flat, Coulson sighed and tried again, “I’m serious about bringing in someone fresh, but I don’t think that Barnes is a direct threat to him. Obviously we’ll keep an eye on them, and there will be procedures in place should things get out of hand. I don’t expect them to. If anything, over time, I expect outbursts like what happened today to become more rare. Even soldiers who don’t go through the severe, mind-altering processes that Sergeant Barnes suffered come back with PTSD. We would be doing him and ourselves a disservice to treat him differently and deny him help because of what he’s been through.”
Scott glared at the man. "I don't have performance anxiety, thanks. Just... it's... this is different. The injury happened when I was a kid. The first time I had any control was after the professor found me." It had always been artificial. Scott forced himself to breathe slowly and evenly. He wasn't going to let Logan see him fail completely. He might not be quite as useful in a fight, but Scott knew he could hold his own. //I can hold my own if I can figure this out anyway.// A few more deep breaths and Scott focused on a spot on the wall across from them. He felt the familiar pressure and surge and let the familiarity guide him. His body knew what to do even if he hadn't ever tried it this way. One hand rose as if to control the visor and ended up falling back to his side again as a beam of red, at first wide, too scattered to be effective, shot out toward the wall. The concrete - or whatever it was since Scott knew better than to think Stark would use something so pedestrian - showed little damage until Scott reached down inside himself. He wrapped invisible fingers around the beam, squeezing it, forcing it into something tighter. A small chunk of the wall flew free and then a larger one before Scott blinked a few times and cleared the ruby from his vision. "Well... it works."
Tony's warm brown eyes lit up at the prospect. "You, my friend, are in for a treat," he promised. Anxious to get started, Tony finished up his dinner and offered to help clear away the plates. "Get the TV warmed up and I'll make us some coffee." Tony could not help but notice the dessert sitting on the counter. Even after eating a full meal, he found himself hungry for more, and he felt a sense of giddy schoolboy excitement over spending the evening curled up on the sofa with Steve.
Heimdall glanced at Thor, who gave him a nod, then looked back to Natasha. "He is in a cave beneath what you on Midgard know as the Gobe desert."
Clint nodded his agreement. He didn't point out that Phil would need a run through medical, too. They both would. For some serious antibiotics, of nothing else. Deciding it didn't matter, he leaned lightly against his handler and smiled faintly. "And I'm gonna be curled up next to you, wherever you sleep," he decided, starting to feel the fatigue as it sank on that they were safe. He glanced at the store clerk, remembering she was there. "Thanks again, uhhh..."
Coulson met Hank's gaze and offered, "There are people even SHIELD isn't sure how to deal with. This is where they usually end up. It's... safer. More secure." He didn't bother to say whether it was safer for the prisoners or the world. "The armory's this way. If the hammer's here, that's where it will be."
Clint was pretty sure this was the hottest blowjob he'd ever gotten. The need between the two of them, Phil's eagerness... It was all too much, and he finally came with a cry that was just barely drowned out by the bar's ambient noise. He managed to hold himself up long enough for Phil to draw away slightly, then sagged bonelessly to the floor, his head resting against the wall as he gasped for air. "God, that was good," he managed.
"If you ain't helpin', we're gonna figure out a way to do it," Logan returned, folding his arms across his chest. "I've already died a few times tryin', and one of us died for good."
Clint was honestly surprised. He'd gotten the impression that Scott and Logan were actually pretty damn happy together. //Well, not everything's a happy ending,// he reflected. He could certainly relate to falling into bed with someone just for the sake of having some kind of connection. Even a shitty one. He found himself wondering if the bruises Logan had given Scott were really related to the man being compromised. Scott's question jarred Clint back to the present. "I... well, I don't know for sure. Guess it depends on what the docs find. But... I mean, there's a fair shot at it. And Fury... well, he might give the order to put you away even if the docs clear you. Hard to say," he admitted, taking another thoughtful sip of beer.
"Phil," Clint whispered the man's name softly. It was a warning. He caught Coulson's gaze and shook his head. Taunting Victor seemed like the wrong idea. Clint had seen the mad dog type before, and Victor definitely fit the profile.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Steve managed a faint smile at that, at Tony asking about someone else just to keep the attention away when usually he was so happy to have it fully focused on himself. “Awful,” Steve admitted as he came to rest in the chair closest to Tony’s bed. He could sense the man withdrawing, but he wasn’t going to let Tony fold in on himself if he could help it. “I’ve been just... waiting, really. You in here and...” He stopped, realizing that talking about Bucky’s situation wasn’t going to make Tony feel any better. “I’m just glad you’re awake.”
Tony stroked his hands over Steve's back and gave him a raised eyebrow. "If I ever say no to that, tell Fury I've been compromised," he decided, pulling Steve down into a hard kiss, his fingers tangling in still-damp blonde locks. They hadn't been apart all that long, but the idea of how tenuous their lives were wasn't lost on Tony, and it fueled his eagerness to reassert their connection.
"Hey, we had a deal, right?" Tony reminded him. "You'll find that I always keep my promises." He purposefully brushed against Steve as he leaned over and pushed a hand down onto the bed. "Nice and comfy," he said, grinning up at the other man. "I don't have many guests, but all the bedrooms have the same kind of mattresses I like to sleep on. Designed by myself, of course."
Scott watched the men leave with a knot his stomach. "Maybe we should just tell them... whatever you know, and... about what I can do. Keeping secrets isn't going to help." And that was even if keeping those secrets was in the slightest bit effective. Scott somehow doubted it would be. SHIELD kept too close an eye on the world for something in their own compound to stay out of sight for long. "I'm not sure we're doing the right thing here. Having the whole picture might make the difference in knowing how to deal with Loki."
"Loki is, unfortunately, more or less a god,” Coulson agreed. “We're looking to contain, not kill, satisfying as it would be to return the favor."
"It'll happen," Clint agreed. "And it's good of you, putting her before yourself." The archer fell silent, not quite sure what else to say. Fortunately they rolled up to a massive mansion a few minutes later. "Well. This looks expensive." He slowly got out of the car, looking the place over. "You think we just knock?"
Darien was still in the kitchen, and Clint couldn't help but smirk as he crept up behind the man. Pressing himself fully against Darien's back, he ran a hand down the man’s chest and took a firm grip of his cock through his jeans. "Gotta learn to keep your guard up better," he whispered in Darien's ear. "Something... bad... might happen."
Bruce could have dropped his stylus pen when he saw Tony give Fitz an earnestly appreciative smile.
It took Tony an extra second to process the request. With a low moan, he opened his eyes and focused them on Steve's beautifully flushed face. "...feel so good," he managed, moaning with each of Steve's thrusts, his hips moving in time with the other man. He was soon moaning with each of the blonde's motions, his hands tightening on Steve's shoulders as if trying to keep himself anchored to reality. "Yes... like that... don't stop," he managed, the sentence punctuated with a strangled gasp of pleasure. A moment later he came hard, biting his bottom lip to keep from screaming loud enough to bring any late-night security guards running.
Simmons frowned, but she couldn't disagree. Tony was right. If they weren't willing to give everything they had to save Earth from Loki's crazy schemes, no one would be. Her slight shoulders sagged, and she nodded. "Right. Yes. Right. We just work faster, then," she determined, squaring her shoulders again and raising her chin with the faintest hint of a smile. "I hope you'll forgive me, but I'm not explaining to Captain Rogers why I let his boyfriend use an unstable, untested weapon when we had a better option." She nudged Fitz and flashed him a real smile. "Let's make a better option."
Clint swallowed hard and his right hand clenched subconsciously. He'd had to watch the security footage as part of their debriefing. It had given him nightmares. Coulson wasn't the first agent they'd lost. Wouldn't be the last. But there weren't a lot of people at SHIELD Clint felt any sort of connection with. Phil was one of them. Shaking himself back to reality and trying to level out his breathing, he tilted his head at Coulson. "Does it matter? You're still here. And I'm glad. I don't have many friends. Don't like the idea of losing one," the archer managed, the faintest quaver in his voice.
Logan lowered his rifle, smirking at Clint's reaction before looking to Nat for hers.
Tony almost immediately forgot about Logan pushing him around when Steve's mouth closed over his cock. He let out a long, hissing breath and allowed his head to thump back against the headboard. Regaining his composure a little, he lifted it again and groaned as he watched the beautiful blonde's lips slide along the length of his overheated cock. His fingers tangled in silky hair as he thrust into Steve's hot mouth.
"It's called bein' a realist," Logan said. He shook his head. "You guys were good to me. Took me in, helped me out, but I never could'a bought into all the idealism. You can't win a war without killin' a few people. Or a lot o' people. Chuck and 'Ro and the rest of 'em, they wanted to save everyone and talk everything out. That don't work most o' the time. The people that want Chuck to lose, they don't give two shits about whether or not we wanna kill 'em. They just know that they want us dead. I think you finally figured that one out."
Steve had taken the bait and all Tony had to do was reel him in. "From time to time," he went on smoothly. "Does that surprise you? I can tell it does. I suppose someone with your old fashioned values would find the idea shocking." Tony smiled, enjoying teasing Steve far more than he was willing to admit. "We'll have to see that you broaden your horizons. I mean, I can understand how awkward it must be to feel out of sorts all the time." He continued to scrutinize the other man and decided to push the boat out a little further. "Since you hail from a more innocent time, mind if I ask you a personal question there, Cap? Are you still a virgin?"
Coulson fished a fluffy blanket out of the trunk at the foot of his bed. By the time he got back, Clint looked half gone. Carefully Coulson spread the blanket over him and did his best not to linger over the job despite Clint looking unfairly adorable curled up asleep on his couch. Coulson allowed himself only a moment to watch before he returned to his vigil at the monitors.
Jarvis normally didn't break into the sanctity of Phil's suite at his request - it was a bit unsettling, by and large, to have a piece of tech designed by Tony intruding into his private routine. The circumstances were far from normal, however, and he cleared his throat. "Yes, Jarvis?"
Phil didn't bother trying to hide the way his breath hitched at the roll of Clint's hips. His lips parted, and his eyes locked with Clint's. "If it helps, I was definitely flustered, then turned on, then impatient. I really didn't expect any of it. Not to put down my romantic prowess, but I'm not your usual."
Phil smirked. "Sometimes. What did you think the missions were really for?" He watched Clint prepping the carrots and found himself musing that domestic looked good on the man. It looked right. //Dangerous train of thought. Very dangerous.// He was willing to admit that perhaps he'd been Clint's handler for too long. They were used to each other. They were close. He honestly considered Clint a friend even if he wasn't sure that the sentiment was returned. "I don't mind having you around."
"Have a safe flight home!"
Logan let out a shaky breath. "Could'a sworn there was someone in the room," he growled, sounding more vicious than intended. As his mind cleared, he realized that he was quite thoroughly entangled with the other man. Images of himself burying his face in Scott's neck flashed through Logan's mind, and he clenched his jaw and forced himself to push away from the other man. He wanted Scott in ways he hadn't wanted anyone - at least anyone he could remember - since Jean. //And that might be a little fucked up.// He forcibly extracted himself from Scott and sat up on the edge of his own side of the bed. Rubbing a hand over his face as he got his mind back together, he glanced back at Scott. "Get you anything?"
Relieved that the man was getting a little rest, Coulson checked in with the nurse before heading out into the hallway. He paused just outside the door and smoothed a hand over his suit. “You can come out now,” he said in the direction of the ceiling. He should have been annoyed by Clint constantly following him. It had been going on since he woke in medical after the attack on New York to find the agent dozing in a chair nearby. Despite the fact that SHIELD had wanted him quarantined until he was cleared for duty, Clint had snuck away, crawled through the ducts, and ended up in the medical wing with Coulson. Since then it had been a continuous thing to find Clint lurking in the ceiling or otherwise shadowing him. He should have been frustrated, but instead Coulson found it oddly comforting and more than slightly flattering that Clint cared so much. “Want to grab a coffee?”
Logan pushed Clint back, smirking mockingly when the man knocked his hand away. "Nothin', kid. Just 'cause you got compromised don't mean we're all that easy."
"Perfection," Steve agreed, referring as much to the kiss as the dinner suggestion. He leaned against the counter while Tony cooked and savored the casual moment. They had precious few of them. "I'm glad they let you slip away for awhile. Not to be way too creepy and clingy, but I don't know if I could've done a whole night without seeing you. The potential for really great sex aside... well, I just kinda want to be with you right now."
Steve's chest rose and fell as he let Tony explore. Terrified as it made him, he didn't try to stop the man. It wouldn't be fair to. If he wanted Tony to have any chance at acceptance, then first he had to be able to get to know what he was accepting. "I just want to go home." Anymore, home was where Tony was. Home was going to bed by Tony's side and feeling his lover's heart beating against his ear. //And that doesn't have to change,// Steve reminded himself as he tried to take a full breath. It was easier than it had been the day before. He gestured to the nightstand. "They gave me an inhaler. Lots of meds. Probably stuff I would've been on a long time ago if I'd had the money to go to the doctor for any of it and, well, all of it had existed. I really want to get the hell out of this room."
"I'm sorry, Sir, but this is overriding-"
Logan's jaw tightened as he looked away from Clint. The two might have showered like hell, but his senses still told him enough. It made him want to kill someone right then and there. Loki was stooping to all new kinds of low this time around.
"You're already losing your grasp on English, so you're not giving me much of a challenge," Steve responded with a smirk. He liked knowing that it was so damn easy to make a guy with as much experience as Tony Stark stammer. "Can't say I mind the idea, though." It required a whole lot more shifting, but Steve managed to find a way to sit down without permanently crushing any parts of his companion. With a little more work, he found the lever to shift the front seat forward and give them even more room. "C'mon over here and let's see how you  do with that." The fingers that threaded their way through Tony's hair left little suspense as to what he wanted.
The Asgardian released Phil and, still grinning broadly, held him by the shoulders. "It is good to see you whole and well, my friend!"
It was Simmon's turn to snort. She waved a hand dismissively. "Oh, we'd done that ages ago. Back in school. We weren't able to make a prototype at the time because of limitations in terms of materials, but... honestly, it isn't that complicated once you see it laid out."
"I want you ready to go in half an hour," Coulson said, his gaze locked on Clint's. "I'll get Banner and Captain Rogers. Put a quick call in to Xavier's. If they have anyone willing and available, give them these coordinates." He rattled the numbers off, made Clint repeat them back, and then headed out to do his part of the round up. The sooner they were in the air, the sooner the mission would be done.
Tony groaned and groused for a moment before pushing himself up off the floor. "I did lock it. Coulson has access to everything, damn him. Remind me why I had security cameras put all over the place here?" he grouched, zipping up and raking a hand through his hair. "Then again, I'm sure SHIELD would've corrected the oversight if I hadn't..." He tousled Steve's hair and offered him a hand up. "Didn't take them long to point the shred-o-matic at someone they didn't like, hm?" Tony got distracted staring at Steve’s kiss-bruised mouth before either of them got to give more thought to Logan’s assignment. He pressed a quick kiss to Steve's mouth. The man was magnetic, tempting with his disheveled look. "Mm... I could bend you over that table and-"
"Eggs, pancakes, and a pile o' bacon," Logan called after Steve's retreating back.
"He mentioned them once. They sounded hideous," Phil observed, earning a hearty nod of agreement from Thor. "You'd probably enjoy it."
"Don't tell anyone, but I actually almost know how to cook." That was an understatement, but Tony didn't want people to start expecting him to actually take care of himself. He let his feet tangle pleasantly with Steve's for a few minutes. Steve's personality was big enough that Tony could easily forget that he'd more or less lost a hundred pounds overnight. "I'll be right back." He returned a moment later with a Pink Floyd shirt and passed it over. It was one of Tony's tighter shirts, but he didn't bother to mention that to Steve. "Here. We'll get you a nice goatee going, and you'll be on track to being a fashion icon in no time."
"Well, I have trouble understanding the grunts and clicks, but I think the tiny one said she could reduce how much it sucks."
Loki withdrew his fingers and turned Stark over in a beat. The mask he wore was a facade, but his strength was real, which made it easier to keep up the illusion. Stark looked almost drunk. Tired as he was, desperate as he was... it was fascinating. "I want to see you too." Loki thrilled at the idea of watching Stark come undone for him, wanton and willing even if he was pretending to fuck someone else while it happened. "You want me to stretch you more, or should I just take what we both need?"
Tony couldn't help a soft whimper as he pressed himself against Steve. "Y-you could just continue now. I'm alright with that," he breathed shakily. He knew Steve was just teasing, but he couldn't help the goosebumps that rose on his skin. He liked the idea of Steve being a little rough with him. Or a lot. "The whole teasing thing? Going to get you back for that somehow. Not sure how, though. Not one for restraint. Don't think I could tease back."
He did, slow in and then out again until he felt weak but no longer in danger of actually collapsing. "I'm okay."
"I'm not gonna answer that." The transmission cut out.
The weight of Mystique's body and the motion of her throwing herself toward the ground brought Steve down with her. He found his feet quickly but couldn't quite get vertical with the woman still choking him out. Most opponents were easy enough to unseat, but Mystique's slender form made prying her away something like trying to disentangle oneself from a spiderweb.
Tony arched and gasped at the feeling of Loki's nails digging into him, but he surprised himself by moaning as the pain and pleasure mingled. His hands moved to rest on the god's hips, and he rocked up into the clenching heat with a shaky moan. "Yes... need it," he breathed, pulling himself up to kiss Loki's throat, his hands sliding up the god's lithe back as he nipped harshly at the god's bluish skin.
There weren't many moments where Phil Coulson found himself genuinely considering anything resembling running off and joining the circus, but it was hard to think about going back to work when the alternative was sitting out on the soft grass with Clint tucked up against him. "At the moment, I can't picture a lot of missions that would make me want to move." He rested a hand on Clint's leg, not pushing the boundaries, really, just establishing an additional point of contact. "This is kind of more fun than saving the world."
Darien knew that. He just stared up at Clint's flushed face and hollowed his cheeks. It was good being used, though not for the reasons most people would've assumed. Okay, yes, maybe he was a bit of a masochist, but he didn't want to be hurt. Darien just enjoyed pushing the limits and finding out how far his mind and body could go. It was part of the reason he'd been so ready to engage in criminal activity before SHIELD found him. Dragging Clint in again, a hard jerk to the man's hips to show him just what to do, Darien wondered exactly what kind of mess he'd gotten himself into this time.
In the time he spent in the lab, Steve managed to bruise just about everything and split his lip. He breathed a sigh of relief when the bleeding stopped fairly quickly. It was a good sign. "Sir? I have a bit of good news. Agents Barton and Coulson have been retrieved. I've brought up the preliminary report that Agent Coulson submitted."
"Sir?"
Clint smirked. "I'd be offended that you're not all gathered around my targets, but I think Logan's already had enough of my marksmanship," he said, sidling up to the feral mutant and nudging him in the ribs.
Logan shrugged. "If I drink a whole bottle at once, it lasts a couple seconds," he said, picking up the shot of whiskey. "Otherwise... I dunno. It just... reminds me o' somethin'." Every shot of cheap whiskey seemed to make memories dance at the edge of his mind. Good ones, surprisingly. Camaraderie at a rundown airplane hangar-turned-bar. Going home to someone he loved. Not much more, but it was as much comfort as he got. Logan glanced at Steve. He didn't know much about the guy, aside from the fact that he was America's pet project, and that he looked like a complete anachronism.
"Alright, good," Tony said, then looked up at Fitz-Simmons. "Still want you two to make sure it works with my suit - preferably without the dying side effects - just in case."
“Sir-”
"I sincerely doubt it," Loki answered with the faintest trace of a smile on his lips, "but I'm afraid I'm going to ask something of you anyway. Well, not ask so much as inform you of a change in plans." He waited until Victor seemed properly focused before informing him, "We're releasing them. The captives. SHIELD may not come for Stark, but they'll come for those two. I'd rather they be left somewhere to die of exposure quietly and without our involvement before that time comes. Take the transport device and leave them somewhere. I honestly don't care where, just see that it's done before the night is out. We're tempting fate as it is."
The kiss did more to ease Steve's panic than anything had since he woke up, and the water soothed his parched throat. "Okay. I just... don't... you don't have to stay. I want you to so much, Tony, I love you, but you don't... you don't have to." It was selfish, and he knew it, throwing in words of affection even while he was trying to absolve Tony from the promises they'd made to each other. He wanted to hold Tony close and know that they would never have to be apart. He also knew that no one on the team, no matter what they'd read in a file, would be able to understand what a mess he really was without the serum. With that said, Steve subsided for a moment and let Tony replace the oxygen mask.
Scott nodded his agreement. "I imagine she'll have a tidal wave for awhile... but I bet she'd like to see you." They'd survived at least the first part of captivity together. It made sense to think Natsha might appreciate some time with someone who understood the experience even if she wasn't the sentimental type. "You want to head up there to wait, or do something else? Sky's the limit." Waiting was always the hardest part, and he wanted to do what he could to take the edge off.
Tony turned his face back to rest his chin on top of Steve’s head.
Nat huffs and Clint shakes his head. “Guys, we need to get our shit together, before Fury gets here.”
“A’right, fanboy, I think I get to talk about
Tony wonders if there would be a speech, or questions, or even some compassionate and motivating words. He even contemplates telling Captain Rogers that he is not in the mood for talking or listening right now, but he is not up for pissing another alpha off; not tonight anyway.
“Seems pretty bad.”
Steve runs his fingers in Tony’s hair, and they tingle the back of Tony’s neck. “He is not my celebrity crush, Tony, I promise.”
Steve wants to cry. He is trembling all over and everything is suddenly too overwhelming. The dinner, the game, the way Tony is moving him to the core and keeping him steady, it’s soft and it’s fierce. It’s a fiery blaze and a deluge of water that burns and heals; heaven and hell at the same time, too much and not nearly enough.
The minor detail of it being Iron Man and not Tony, doesn’t really matter, does it? The fact that Tony IS Iron Man means something, right? It has to, Tony tells himself wistfully. It has to mean something, that Steve fantasizes about Tony in a suit of armor even if he doesn’t know it’s Tony inside there.
He did not have a dream, not exactly, but he can feel the cold stickiness that’s creeping under his skin. He can still breathe and his teeth are not chattering, but there is a weight pressing at his chest and he is numb and sweaty.
Making an inhuman effort, Steve manages to pull Tony up and hold him against his chest, before sitting back down on the bench. He keeps Tony’s gaze, petting soothing circles on his back, and breathes through the flood of satisfaction that seeps into Tony’s scent and washes over Steve’s body as his knot inflates, making Tony come again, pulsing around Steve. It’s almost heaven, until Tony cards his fingers through Steve’s hair and kisses the side of his face; then it’s heaven. It’s complete.
Also if you were really wondering what I was doing in the past month, I was writing and posting my RBB fic, ABO arranged marriage in space with some ID porn :)) and here is the
Great. Good. The plug stuck in Steve’s ass is sitting low, and the whole situation is
Tony can’t open his eyes. He can hear someone calling him and he wants to reply but he doesn’t have a voice. He goes in and out of darkness, as if he falls asleep and wakes up but he is somehow still asleep. He might be hallucinating but gentle words are whispered into his ear as he is held tight and wrapped in bergamot scent. He can’t quite grasp the meaning of the words but they make him feel a little less terrified.
*****
Steve arched an eyebrow but couldn't bring himself to dress Tony down. Their relationship had changed, but Tony hadn't, and frankly he would've felt weird if the man suddenly started treating him like someone above the usual ribbing.
"Of course, sir. Keep us in the loop." Phil waited until Fury moved on before he addressed Clint again. "I lost count. How many have you had?"
Clint's eyebrows raised a little. "Uh, he's bi?" When he got a nod, it suddenly got more awkward that he'd been running around in Phil's suite in nothing but his underwear and a t-shirt, and the fact that the guy had seen video of them-  //Speaking of which.// "Did you know he, uh..." Clint cleared his throat, as his voice seemed to have gone up a little in pitch. "He had to monitor me after the whole thing with Loki, and apparently he... You know... he knows about the women's underwear," he finally finished in almost a whisper, looking away and turning as red as he ever got.
Steve wasn't an idiot. He'd kept his gaze low for a reason. He could barely look at himself in the mirror, so he wasn't going to get mad at them for feeling shell-shocked about it. He let them look, let them take it in while he pretended it took him a lot longer than necessary to polish off a few signatures and pass the paperwork back to Coulson. They shared a smile, and Steve quietly began, "I think it's fair to say that this meeting is my fault." He saw Bruce's jaw twitch but didn't take the words back. The man was fighting so hard not to look at Tony that they couldn't even make eye contact. "Bruce and Tony and Fitz-Simmons did a pretty amazing thing. They found a way to save our teammates. It was just a little more... a little more complicated than anybody would've liked." It was easier addressing everyone than he'd thought it would be even if all the eyes on him made Steve's skin crawl. He glanced over at Natasha and smiled faintly. "It was worth it. Director, if anybody needs to get in trouble for this... well, obviously, I think I'm going to need to be on modified duty for awhile anyway."
"Nat did a pretty good job." Phil still went pink just thinking about it. "You'll figure it out. I'm not usually watching myself, so I don't know what makes me turn the most red." It was actually kind of nice, though, the idea of Clint learning about him. More than that, the idea of Clint wanting to learn about him. Knowing Clint wanted to sleep with him was mind blowing. Knowing that Clint wanted to actually get to know him was something else entirely. "I'm in a pretty good mood right now with a hot guy to cuddle and a nice day and decent music. If you wanted to play twenty questions, this would be the time."
Clint was grinning ear to ear until Nat mentioned it not being a state secret. He sighed dramatically. "I'm always the last one to hear these things," he pouted, crossing his arms over his chest while Phil looked more flustered than Clint was sure he'd ever seen him. "Nat, should I tell him what else I heard, or... save that for later?"
Bruce genuinely laughed, and it felt good. When he realized it might seem a little weird, he gave Jemma's arm a gentle squeeze. "I'm not laughing at you. I'm just... I guess it just feels good to see someone so enthusiastic about something so simple. Not that I don't appreciate your mad scientist moments, too," he added with a grin. "If they do bring Loki back alive, I think I'm going to want to see you scare him into thinking he's the next 'Alien Autopsy' star."
Tony gave Fitz a long, hard stare. "Does your home country not want you back or something? That's the only reason I can find that you're still here." Without waiting for an answer, Tony fixed his gaze on Bruce, who was making a point of staying hunched over his computer. "Bruce-y..."
Clint gave Nat a look when she implied that Logan might have to take the keys from him, then grinned a little, his eyes watching her every move. He was a little disappointed when she left shotgun to Phil, but he didn't argue. He glanced over at his handler and then glanced in the rearview mirror at Scott's question. "Nice, modern place. Not too loud, not too quiet. All kinds of booze on tap, good wings, and comfy booths," he said, easing the SUV out of the garage. His eyes slid back to Phil, who still looked a little wound up, as the vehicle eased out onto the street. "You better relax, or I'm gonna find some other way to make you forget what's eating you." He meant the threat in terms of finding something else to harass the other man, but he blushed faintly as he realized the comment could've been taken a lot differently.
Logan's forehead creased in an amused, curious sort of way. "What did you... Wait. Forget it. I don't wanna know."
Tony would've been reluctant to withdraw if not for that last promise. Pulling away, he licked his lips and looked up at Steve. "Well, if you put it that way, I suppose I could slow down for a bit," he allowed, leaning up to kiss Steve's full lips. He couldn't resist the opportunity to run his hands over the other man's body, exploring the perfectly sculpted muscles. Tony had had plenty of hot partners in his "career," but Steve was special in every sense of the word. "Anyone ever told you that you're perfect in ways that should be illegal?" he asked with a grin.
Clint nodded. He didn't want to put more on the woman, but she seemed willing to talk about it at least superficially. "He's back. But... Nat, there's something off about him. It's almost like... like when Loki..." He trailed off and clenched his jaw. "Like when I was compromised. Something about him. I see it in him. He acts mostly normal, but there are these moments. I don't know him that well, but he threatened me. And not just with a fist in the mouth."
"I think you deserve extra effort, Mr. Stark." Loki's voice was scratchy as well, and the man who stepped into Tony's line of sight looked only slightly healthier than Tony himself. Loki looked drawn, and he felt as if he'd been raked over the coals. He'd shed much of his usual armor in favor of a light shirt and pants. The weight of anything more was oppressive, and given that Tony was suspended in his private chambers, there was little reason to worry about appearances. He certainly didn't need Stark's approval. "You'll be very lucky if the worst I do to you is tear apart your mind."
"I'm sorry," Tony murmured, pressing a few light kisses to Steve's lips. "I'm sorry." He pressed tight to the other man, relieved to be pulled up in Steve's powerful arms once more. He stared into Steve's bright blue eyes. "I can't promise anything. You know that, right? Not with what we do. But... but I'll be more careful. Somehow. I can't... I can't stand the thought of leaving you behind. All I could think of was how much you'd be hurting, how much I wanted you to hold me." Too much, he thought, feeling a flash of shame as his mind clicked back to his tryst with Loki.
"Let's say it's the latter for the moment," Loki answered. Clever as he was, he had yet to find an exit strategy on the horizon that would let him get out cleanly. "Has your life turned out the way you pictured it, Mr. Stark? Everything in place? Before the dying, of course. I would assume that wasn't part of the plan." He sounded genuinely amused as he retrieved his pants and pulled them up enough to be considered decent again. The lines of blue beneath Loki's skin were becoming more prominent, the whole of his body suffused with a cool undertone. It was ghoulish at best. "I don't even have the luxury of knowing what the plan for me would have been had my birth family wanted me to start with."
Having noticed Steve the moment he'd stepped into the room, Tony caught the other man's eye and raised his champagne flute in acknowledgement. It was strange seeing him again. The battle against Loki and the Chitauri seemed like a distant memory even though it had taken place not that long ago. Excusing himself from the middle of a rather tedious conversation, Tony crossed the room and deftly plucked another champagne glass from a waiter's tray. "Now this is a surprise," he commented, ignoring the man Steve had been talking to. "I didn't expect to see you here."
Steve sighed his reluctance at the idea but finally pushed himself away from Tony and the bench. "Alright, guys, back to work. I'll see you," he added with a smile for Tony alone, "later." It was hard to walk away, but they had important things to work on. Tony couldn't stand to be distracted and still do what he needed to do to make sure that everything came out alright.
Victor shrugged. "He doesn't want SHIELD on his lawn. Can't say I blame him. He just wants you out of his house. I'm sure the two of you've had some survival training. You'll be fine. Or, y'know, die of exposure," he said with a smirk. He glanced at Clint, who stared back, trying to be defiant. "Don't forget me, pretty. I won't forget you for awhile."
Simmons swatted at Bruce's arm and gave him a look she usually only reserved for Fitz's more awkward social gaffes. "You're terrible," she informed him tartly before offering a bright smile to the pair. "You shouldn't worry about it. I think that near death experiences certainly excuse a few marks here and there."
He reaches for Ty’s hand on his arm and pushes it away, then presses his fingers on the burning spots. His hands are too small and running them across his arms can’t really put out the fire burning his whole body right now.
“Does this hurt?”
know you’re the person who put himself in the ocean to save the world.”
Sure. If only Tony could get himself to open his mouth.
Tony is trying to stay focused on the conversation. Ty has one arm wrapped around Tony’s shoulders, squeezing from time to time. Tony’s hand is on Ty’s knee, tapping his fingers in a silent rhythm; trying to stay
Moving down, Tony’s fingers caress the inside of Steve’s thighs, slide through the crease of his ass and cup his balls just for a second. Steve whimpers and moans and an extreme rush of arousal runs from Tony’s chest right into his cock. He can’t help doing it again, and again and one more time until Steve can’t seem to hold his weight up straight anymore. He stumbles forward just a couple of inches and his hands find the wall for support as Tony keeps touching his balls, they both shivering from the sensation. Steve lets out a startled cry as Tony’s other hand moves up a bit and starts rubbing on his pecs. He breathes short and heavy when Tony’s fingers find his nipples and Tony’s breath comes short and heavy too, he is lightheaded again and can’t remember if he has ever been turned on like this.
Tony’s fingers lighten up every inch of Steve. He pauses after undoing each button to kiss whatever bit of skin he has just revealed and makes sure to whisper something about the way Steve feels under his hands each and every time.
Tony asks before taking off Steve’s boxers. He waits patiently for Steve to say the word, and asks and waits again before Steve tells him that he can touch his cock. In the long seconds between the confirmation leaving Steve’s lips and Tony’s hand finally touching him, and in the feverish haze that’s clouding his brain, Steve thinks about how this is nothing like he had imagined his first time to be. That this, here, naked and lost in Tony’s body and his scent and his touch, is something he has never even dared to dream about. He trembles and whines as Tony’s fingers wrap around his cock and doesn’t even try to stop the stream of nonsense that is coming out of his mouth. He reaches over and pushes Tony’s briefs down, enough to get his hand on Tony’s cock, vaguely aware that he should probably ask first but he just can’t. He runs his fingers on the head and smears Tony’s precum over the head and the length. Tony moans, long and low and a fresh rush of arousal goes through Steve’s body. He presses himself into Tony, squirming as Tony’s fingers move on him, mirroring his rhythm without realizing.
“I was at the uni until 10 PM, helping a few of the students I’m TA’ing because they have their physics finals tomorrow, and he moved out after a week of none-stop yelling, like
, he repeats to himself before he falls into a dreamless, deep sleep.
Please feel free to ask me any question if you need before reading and let me know if you feel it is not tagged properly.
He is the one.
I appreciate each and every comment, so please tell me how you feel about all of this :)
“Call it, Cap,” Tony says as the faceplate closes.
“And you knew you were on this job, for what, two minutes before launch? That’s impressive! And it’s not a part of the job Steve, it’s what I call going above and beyond.” Tony lowers his hands and clasps them together on the table.
a total mess.”
“Your nose is not broken. The swelling and black eyes should subside in a few days.” Bruce’s tone is neutral and calm so Tony tries to focus on the facts
Tony is not into toes per se, but this is Steve, and it’s not even funny that even his toes are amazing. Tony kisses them one by one, many times, with the wondrous joy of an explorer finding new territory and it looks like Steve’s into this land exploring stuff too, with the way he whimpers with every soft brush of Tony’s lips and all the muffled noises that shudder through Tony’s core right into his cock.
Steve’s heart drops at the hint. He looks down at his hands and stares at his half-eaten donut for a second, thrown off by the unexpected thrill that goes through his spine. It’s stinkily pleasant to even think of locking Tony up in the supplies closet because he can finally know that Tony’s his. That he will be there anytime for Steve to hold his hand and kiss his neck, unable to slip away as soon as he’s done with Steve, no way to dodge the questions Steve’s been throwing at him many times in the past, pretending he’s too busy, or not hearing properly.
“I’m sure they are.” Tony closes the album. “People put a part of their soul in their art,” he says, and smiles with his whole face as he breaks the cookie in half.
Steve wakes up with the sound of a ringing phone and a deep low voice talking, which sounds kinda angry. In the sleepy confusion of the first seconds after waking up, he wonders if he has done something wrong and his heart drops as he sits up in the still warm but empty bed.
"So... mind games?" Logan asked, refocusing on things at hand. "I can smell my way through illusions alright," he said, recalling Mystique's attempt to fool him. "Somebody gets inside my head, though..." He trailed off, looking vaguely unsettled by the idea.
"Maybe I don't." He quieted while they drank in silence, staring out at the city and the people walking by the window. "Is Natasha the only reason?" Phil realized the second was clear as mud to anyone not following his internal train of thought and clarified, "Is she the only reason you haven't dated?" Certainly Clint had an active sex life. Overactive at times, actually, from what Phil had seen, but he'd never done anything in Phil's memory that could be considered any form of actual dating, let alone a relationship.
The words were a nerve-wracking reminder of the potential danger Clint faced, and he tensed a little. He could deal with thugs, bombs, crashed aircraft, even alien invaders. Things that invaded his mind were another story, and they seemed to be happening with uncomfortable frequency. "Thank you," he murmured, letting the feeling of Phil's hands soothing carefully over his back calm him down. "I know you will." He felt certain Phil would make sure he was okay. He knew his handler would be there this time, and that between Phil and Nat, he'd be as safe as could be hoped.
Tony flinched, but he decided to ignore that and not delve deeper. Everything seemed to remind him of his ordeal, and even when he shut his eyes he could still see Winter Soldier's face leering down at him. His own reaction to the assault sickened him more than anything. He tried to console himself with the fact that he had been drugged and believed the other man was Steve, but that offered Tony little comfort. "I don't suppose you could sneak something a little stronger to drink in here?" he asked Natasha, lifting the bland bottled water he'd been given.
Jemma smiled sweetly in return. "Make him think that? No. That would be cruel... to science. I think we owe the community the real thing." It was nice seeing Bruce laughing, to see some of the worry lifting from his shoulders even if it was only for a moment. There would be a new mission and a new problem and new worries in the near future. A warmer smile broke the threat, and she shook her head. "I'm coward enough that I hope I don't get that close to him either way unless I absolutely have to. Or he is dead. Then it would be rather fascinating, actually."
The Hulk faked a lunge and growled threateningly at Logan, smirking cockily when Logan flinched a little. He seemed to be shrinking and looking a little less rabid. "Smash Loki?"
Logan could hear Clint's accelerated heartrate as they discussed Loki further. The man looked completely calm, but Logan could smell the tang of fear in the archer's sweat. His gaze drifted to Coulson, then to Widow, and he tilted his head. "Y'know, I'm not a fan o' not knowin' everything I'm gettin' into. Been burned that way a few times. What're you three not tellin' me?" His eyes moved to meet Clint's for a moment before fixing pointedly on Coulson. "What's got him scared outta his mind?"
Tony smiled broadly. He hadn't wanted to ask, hadn't wanted to push Steve into something he might find uncomfortable. The guy was already out if his element. He pulled Steve into another kiss, daring to pull the blonde fully into his lap for the moment. Drawing away, he purred, "Absolutely I want to keep it. I didn't heal up just to sit around and hold hands."
Clint's jaw tensed, but he said nothing, nodding once and flicking a glance to Phil and Nat before placing his collapsed bow on his back and moving for the door.
"No. Just a couple of his goons. A blue woman, and a guy with metal claws. But they said they were with Magneto." Getting impatient with all the thinking and chatting going on, Clint pressed, "We need your help. At least, when the time comes. And any info on Lehnsherr's abilities and limitations you might have. And anyone who's working with him."
"Director... What can I... do for you at... this ridiculous hour?"
Though the god deflated visibly, he nodded just the same. "The offer stands. I'm not going anywhere, and until someone is willing to trust me to do something, I suspect I won't be terribly busy." Less flippantly, he added, "I owe a debt to all of you. You may come to me with any need you see fit."
It took Tony a moment to fully register what had happened. His gaze fixed on the two men tangled together beside him, and he felt a cross of fascination and jealousy all at once. The idea of seeing Steve uninhibited was definitely enticing, but knowing that it couldn't be him on the other end of it was more than a bit of a blow to the self-styled playboy.
"Yours," Natasha answered with a smile. "Then you boys can get some rest when we're done. You'll need it." Despite the words, Natasha still led the way. She knew where everyone’s room was. Strategically, it was just good sense to know where all of her teammates were. At the door, Natasha leaned against the wall and grabbed Scott by the shirt, tugging him into a demanding kiss while she waited for Logan to open the door.
Tony smirked, trading knowing glances with her and Bruce. "It did, quite a bit. Might even say I feel inspired," he said, dragging up the specs on the gun and frowning at them as he munched a lemon tart. "There's gotta be a way to turn down the volume and still kill Thor's shithead brother."
Logan lowered his rifle and glanced at Coulson's targets, watching as the agent managed to come close to cutting one's head off with a series of well-placed shots. "Am I the only one who finds him strangely terrifyin'?"
The gesture uncurled a knot of tension from Phil's body. He reached out and took Clint's hand with obvious pride. He was grateful to be walking through the place hand in hand with the most handsome guy there. A band took to one of the main stages, and they were ten different shades of amateurish, but it wasn't all bad. "What would you get?" Phil asked out of the blue only to get a blank stare from Clint. "If you were going to get a tattoo, what would you get?"
The coffee cup more or less disappeared under the hoodie, and Clint sighed before finally looking up and offering Darien a faint smile. "Thanks," he said. When Darien strayed a little too close, he caught the man by the sleeve and pulled him into a quick, rough kiss. The contact was possessive, not warm, and Clint punctuated it with an appreciative slap on Darien's ass. "Working already."
Clint was glad he didn't have a mouthful of beer. He was pretty sure he would have sprayed it all over the kitchen if he had. His mind raced. On one hand, Scott was probably a little out of his mind. On the other hand, the guy was hot as hell and seemed pretty damn lucid. //On the other hand, he's out of his fucking mind,// his mind argued again. He swallowed hard and set his beer down on the counter, placing his hands firmly on the surface as if trying to get a grip on reality and himself. "I, uh... y-you sure Logan would be okay with that?" he asked. //Wait, am I actually considering this? Fury might kill me.// He stared at Scott and gave himself a moment to take in the view. //Might be worth it, though.//
Steve's breath came harsh and fast through his nose as he tried to gain control of himself. Logan's thick cock made him burn in the sweetest possible way. Pain and tension were forgotten in the rush of pleasure as the man's hips jerked and hit exactly the perfect spot. A cry of ecstasy came out as a weak moan since opening his lips wider would have meant pulling away from Tony’s cock.
Natasha patted Clint's back. "It has been a long few days," she allowed. The words of sympathy didn't stop her from snickering as she sipped at her vodka. She'd ordered the good stuff. Thanks to her years of service and the fact that living at Stark's tower was cheaper than having a place of her own, she could afford it. "I second Scott's vote, personally. A little drinking, a little dancing - we need it." She leaned across Clint and waved Phil in so that he could hear her better. "Clint can't dance. Will you dance with me?"
Logan hesitated a moment. He hadn't been explicitly told he couldn't mention SHIELD, but he got the feeling they weren't big on handing out their address, either. "Government organization," he said, settling on the edge of his own bed. "You'll get to meet 'em all when we get where we're goin', but I probably shouldn't go flappin' my mouth here. Once you get rested up, I can call 'em and get 'em to take us back to headquarters. They'll wanna talk to you, see what they can find out, but after that you're free to go back to Westchester. If you want." Scott's question, the assumption that Logan wouldn't have come for him without someone sending him, grated on his sense of guilt. Granted, he wouldn't have known if it hadn't been for SHIELD, but he'd have gone looking for Scott much sooner if he'd known. //I guess getting into a fistfight with a guy over his wife kind of leaves a bad impression.// It didn't matter, though. Scott was safe. "Wish I'd known sooner. No one told me you'd disappeared." //Not that I exactly left a forwarding address.//
"Somebody has to take care of you," Steve protested, trying to ignore the rather lurid mental image of Tony naked and reclining in a tub. "Sit tight, I'll have something in a minute." Though he'd never become a four star chef, Steve was used to taking care of himself. He cooked his own meals, did his own laundry. He was used to not having anyone to do those things for him. Soon enough he returned bearing a tray with eggs, toast, bacon and orange juice. Steve couldn't help but smile as he set the tray down on the bedside table and helped Tony sit up. "If I stop surprising you, you might get sick of me."
Natasha shook her head. "You're going to make him kill you, and you're going to deserve it, and I'm not going to do a thing to stop him," she explained patiently. It was nothing short of a miracle that Logan and Scott were both being so at ease. She'd seen Scott cast one or two uneasy glances at Clint, but it didn't seem like there were any hard feelings. Loki had been pulling all their strings. They had that in common, and a common enemy was no small bond. She smiled at Logan and regarded the target again. "I suppose it'll have to do for now."
Scott didn't really notice the staring at first, but finally he glanced up and caught Logan's gaze. He broke into a dopey grin. "Enjoying the show?" He hadn't really considered the idea that he was stripping in front of someone he'd made it pretty clear he wanted to sleep with. //I definitely made the night more awkward.// The gentlemanly thing to do would have been to return to the living room or get a suite of his own. Instead he climbed into the other side of Logan's bed and relaxed almost at once thanks to the soft surface and the comfortingly familiar scents surrounding him. "You gonna lay down or just, like, stay up and creeper stare at me all night?"
"Well, I guess that depends who you wake up next to," Steve answered with a smirk. "Don't expect Natasha to be quite so pleasant first thing in the morning, but her breath's better." He abandoned the conversation long enough to meet room service at the door and came back pushing a tray brimming with a wide variety of options. Steve had learned from experience that whatever he ordered, Tony would ask for something else, so it paid to cover most of the bases to start with unless he wanted breakfast to last until lunch. "How do you take your coffee, Logan?" he inquired after pouring three mugs and grabbing the sugar for his own.
The cold was what woke Clint up. He sat up, careful to avoid waking Phil, hoping they hadn't lost too much darkness. He gently nudged Coulson, smiling faintly. "Hey, wakey wakey. Time to start hiking," he said gently. He was eager to get on the road and knew Phil was, too.
In a beat, Phil held a gun that seemingly came from nowhere, and Natasha had taken up a position close to Clint. They worked together with intuitive perfection, and she trusted their ability to take on whatever came their way. "What are you picking up?" Phil pressed Logan as he drew a bit closer to the mutant. His enhanced abilities were giving him a sneak preview of the problem they were about to have. The sooner the rest of them had a full forecast, the better. The fact that Loki hadn't shown himself could either be a good sign - he wasn't ready for a full confrontation, which could mean he also wasn't at full strength for whatever reason - or a bad one. The god was just screwing with them.
"Let's get out of the shower. I'm clean. At least as much as I'm going to get showering with you. I can't stop touching enough to bother with my hair." Scott brushed his lips to Logan's shoulder as he shut off the water. "So this whole me with no glasses thing is going to make it a lot harder to sleep through meetings." He tossed Logan a towel and started to dry off his hair. "That'll take some getting used to."
Phil entered a moment after Logan left. "That went about as well as I expected." He looked Clint over and found the Archer relatively unharmed. Clint looked shaken, and that was extreme enough of a reaction coming from him. "Let's get you somewhere to finish that nap. You deserve it."
"Love you, too, beautiful," Tony said. Never one to leave a limitation unbroken, he dragged Steve into another slow kiss, holding him tight as he backed his way to the door, letting him go at the threshold. "Keep it warm for me, Capsicle. And bring us lunch. If you don't mind." He knew it had been a stretch for Steve to do it the day before, but he also knew that Steve would have slugged him if he'd thought of treating him any differently for it.
Tony smiled. "I like how you think," he decided, leaning in to press eager, almost sloppy kisses to Steve's mouth. His cock throbbed anxiously as he forced himself to be patient. He didn't want to hurt Steve, and he definitely wanted his lover to be up for more as soon as possible. All that required some serious patience, he reminded himself as he slowly worked in a third finger. Steve was unthinkably tight, and Tony groaned, his heart hammering in his chest as he contemplated how it would feel when he finally did get to slide home into the soft, tight heat.
Natasha took to her feet the second she saw them. The bare flicker of unease on her face was akin to full out panic on anyone else. "No! You-"
Clint frowned. "She's..." His own missteps forgotten for a moment, Clint shook his head. "Phil, she's sick. She's in so much pain she can't even move. Does she really need to go in a cell?" He knew the answer. He just hated to think of Nat going from one cell to another.
"I think I can handle this for awhile." Actually he liked it. He'd done it before in a far more perfunctory and more professional capacity, easing a few aches and pains so that Clint was ready for the next part of a mission. It was a different experience to have Clint draped over his lap and moaning softly as each of the knots was gently eased into oblivion. "I can keep it up at least until you forget that we have work to do later. Today it's just us." And if Loki tried to get in the way of it, Phil was going to kill the god with his bare hands, magical powers or no magical powers.
Simmons recovered a few seconds after the door closed, and she ducked her head, blushing and smiling widely only to find Fitz frowning at her when she looked back up again. "What?" she challenged, eyes narrowed. "Pick your words very carefully, Leopold Fitz."
“Could you maybe be more specific, Ca—Steve?”
Her soft hands are gentle on Tony’s body, and she smells like a meadow. She doesn’t seem to care about getting water all over her white dress and if Tony’s a smelly mess, she doesn’t seem to flinch or scrunch up her nose.
It hasn’t been okay since that damn night in the cursed bar. Since Tony has stopped yelling back at Steve in the briefing room since he has started to actually follow orders without a single complaint. It has been hell, to watch him look away, back down, comply. It’s been like dying from suffocation not to be able to smell him, to touch his bare skin, to hold him for one glorious moment, for over a month now, which feels more like a lifetime.
The fourth chapter is here, as promised. Thank you to everyone reading this so far. Your nice words make my day and they are truly my fuel to go on writing this daily. I love you all and I hope every one stay safe and happy during this hard time.
Steve Rogers, just licked “I love you” on him, and he is allowed to be out of order for a bit; or for a lifetime.
Tony doesn’t take a single call, even from Ms. Potts, although she would absolutely ‘kill him because of it’.
Pure magic.
“Did you do this? Or did you ask JARVIS?” he says instead and watches the way the corner of Tony’s lips twitches.
“Dance with me?” Tony says as he turns to face Steve and everything feels surreal suddenly. Steve steps toward Tony, the floor not solid under his feet, and it feels like a dream,
Loki felt the sudden hesitation and pressed his fingers against Tony's prostate. "Let me hear you moan." He wondered if Rogers was ever commanding. He was certainly in charge in the battlefield, but that didn't always translate to the bedroom. For all Loki knew the man preferred to spend his time being fucked into the mattress and giving up all power. It didn't matter. Stark was going to need to get used to something with a bit more edge. At least this way he could ease into it. "I rather enjoy the sound."
A flicker of amusement passed over Clint's eyes as he gave the man a nod. "Here to help," he replied, sitting down in a nearby chair. He typically saved his touchy-feely moments for Nat, and those were rare. He trusted his presence was enough to show his support. It was hard to see Stark so shaken up. The man usually covered his stress up by being more abrasive and self-aggrandizing than usual. It was strange to see him look so broken, though the afterthought of thanks was definitely more familiar.
Fury gave the billionaire one of his iciest glares before looking around the room again. "The reason Thor isn't here is because I can't get in touch with him. Not that he exactly left a phone number behind, but he also didn't exactly take much notice when his brother turned up down here. On his girlfriend's planet. Which he's ridiculously overprotective of." Fury brought up a picture of Magneto. "We all know already the Brotherhood is tied up in all of this. I managed to get my hands on a bit of information, which is admittedly sketchy, that he may actually be on Asgard, making sure that Thor is playing nice under some of Loki's mojo. And possibly holding mama Thor hostage, too."
Xavier nodded, looking grim. Skimming a few of Clint's thoughts from the surface of the man's consciousness, he couldn't help but feel even more worried. The things Loki had done to Clint were troubling at best. "Erik wouldn't likely jump on board with this 'Loki' of yours unless he thought he could use him."
Clint raised his arms in mock surrender. "Alright, alright," he said, submitting to Coulson's unwavering assessment of the situation. "I'm not going to argue when you take all the fun out of it. Damn you and your reasonable logic." He lowered his arms and fixed the agent with a serious gaze. "You've spent more time with Barnes than anyone but Steve. If you think he'll be okay, fine, but I intend to keep an eye on him." Clint glanced upward with a hint of a smirk. "Even if it means crawling around in the ceiling."
The mortal slept easily. Loki honestly wished he could have done the same. Instead he sat brooding over the events of the day and trying to discern whether he felt different. //If I hadn't seen myself, would I know at all?// He closed his eyes and rubbed at his forehead as if that might soothe the changes away. He had no desire to be a monster no matter what company he kept. At length he rose and stalked to the door, ordering whatever fledgling mutant was there to see about bringing food to the room. If he couldn't sleep, at least he could have a decent meal.
There's making out but no smut. This is fluff. Things are going to get rough for them, and they damn well deserved some sweet, tooth-rotting fluff. I am nothing if not determined to give Clint and Phil what they want.
"I can leave?"
"Yeah, you're not the only one," Tony muttered, thinking back to Pepper. Worrying over him had eventually chased her away. He still remembered her breaking down on the roof after the Vanko fight. The relationship hadn't held much past that. Tony placed his hand over Steve's, absently tracing its shape with his fingers. He paused, looking up at Steve. "Was it just because I was on the team? I mean, when you worried-about-but-hated me."
Meanwhile, the Hulk was steadily closing in on Loki.
By the end, Steve was more than happy to flee from the store with Logan's new clothes and retreat to the nearest restaurant. "Sometimes I think being standoffish isn't so bad." Not nearly as many people tried to bother Natasha if they happened to spot her out in the world. The woman exuded an air of 'touch me and die' that Steve knew he'd never pull off. "This place has great food. You won't be disappointed."
"I dig the initiative. Good," Tony said, shooting Bruce a gloating look.
This chapter contains non-con involving drugs. It's not happy, friendly stuff, and it will make some people uncomfortable, so please avoid this chapter if such things are a trigger or squick you.
"Just footsie?" Tony pouted, then nudged Steve's leg with his foot. "Much prefer a game of handsie, instead. How much shit do you think Fury'd give us if we fooled around in the bathroom?" His gaze shifted to the approaching waiter. "Martini. Soda for blondie." The man seemed to hesitate as he realized who his customers were. "And no, we're not doing pictures tonight. Just tell your friends about our normal, healthy relationship, hm?"
Eyelids drooping over darkened blue eyes, lips slack, Clint stretched up to follow Phil as the man drew away. The archer realized a moment later that Phil was taking a break, and he settled back against his handler, willing himself to calm down a little as he remembered they were in public. "In that case, I'll have to continue to influence you, one way or another," he decided, his voice a little rougher than usual as his hand dropped to run lightly over the top of Phil's thigh.
Steve whimpered at the words and the harshness of Tony's voice. It was something he couldn't have enjoyed with anyone he cared for less, but he loved Tony. He implicitly trusted the man not only with his body but with his heart. A little rough sex didn't seem all that daring considering the things he would have let Tony to do him without missing a beat. "Fuck, Tony, you feel so big, so... so hard..." Steve was holding on by a thread already, and they'd just started. He took a few breaths to bring himself down. "K-keep it slow for me, baby, please. Need it to last."
Coulson smiled in return and nodded. "True. Though he does still owe me a new set of cards." Hard as it had been to talk about the situation at all, it felt better having done so. A SHIELD shrink was helpful in a way, but having a colleague to connect with was a lot more therapeutic as far as Coulson was concerned. "Between the two of us, I wonder exactly how many 'suggested' hours of counseling we've burned through. I'm guessing more than average. I guess Logan's next up in line. I just hope we can get things straightened out with him. No one deserves to have Loki in their head."
“You didn’t have to mess with the mission,” Steve says, out of breath, as he starts to move, “just for this.”
Tony smiles with his whole face and his laugh lines melt Steve’s heart, like always. “Someone’s in a good mood today.”
Tony ran past Jarvis standing at the sidewalk and ignored Barnes who was opening the carriage door for Steve to get in. Every nerve in Tony’s body came to life as he wrapped his arms around Steve, pressed their bodies together, and kissed his lips, dizzy with the whirl of sensations, sparkles running all over his skin from the touch. He was too fierce, too rough, too desperate, and a part of him tried to pull back and let Steve go because
He’s ready.
“Steve?” Tony asks, his voice low and sleepy, lazy fingers combing through Steve’s hair. “What’s happening down there, buddy?”
Steve takes both of Tony’s hands in one of his and holds them on his chest. He smiles, one of those deeply pleased smiles, that crinkle the corners of his eyes and make him more beautiful if that’s physically possible.
Tony runs his fingers in Steve’s hair. “Biff ha?” And he trails down Steve’s neck and rests his hand on the delicate spot where the muscles on Steve’s back reach each other. “First of all, I have the biggest crush in human history on a guy who’s been dead for 75 years, so I can’t judge anyone. And besides, you were blushing.”
“Yes, I’m sure,” the alpha says, tentatively, as if he can’t believe that Steve’s asking the question.
It’s just that it would never have occurred to six-months-ago Tony, that he would need to figure out his next move while surrounded by strangers, holding on to the waistband of pants that could fit three people his size comfortably, desperate for a shower, and in the state of New fucking York out of all places in the world.
Love, he
“Don’t be so dramatic, Tony.” Steve wrinkled his nose, his lips still smiling. “I don’t want to go,” he said and the dim light of the half-cloudy afternoon reflected in his eyes. “I love you, so much my heart might explode.”
Steve can’t believe they're doing this.
“I’m okay, hey,” Tony says hoarse and weak, “stop crying, please, it makes my chest feel funny.”
And Tony loses his grip, slips, and lets go.
touching this fluffy black perfection.
Tony smiles. “Yeah, I guess I like you too.” And he kisses Steve’s lips.
The songs are all suggested by you amazing people, thank you to QueenE for Lover, ironycap for Underwater, sugerspiceandallthingsnice for La Vie en Rose, Slytherclaw2002 for It's been a long long time and Jeh for The Way I am.
Bucky’s fingers moved slightly on Steve’s back, casually, and a jolt of electricity went down Tony’s spine. The image of Bucky trembling in Steve’s arm returned as Tony reached over and grabbed Bucky’s elbow, his heart racing in his chest. Bucky turned to Tony, with the tug on his metal arm, and his face got hard for a second before he dropped his hand from Steve’s back and pushed it back into his pocket.
Tony closes his eyes and takes a deep breath. He slaps Ty’s hand away from his face with a strength he can’t quite work out the source of and knocks his full Cognac glass over the Egyptian cotton tablecloth as he pushes his chair back and stands up. He waits a few seconds for the room to stop reeling around then turns and marches out without looking back at Ty.
Ty is not digging his nails into Tony’s suit anymore but his grip is too firm; even if it’s not showing from the easy way his hand is laying on Tony’s arm.
“Hey hey hey, what did I say about crying?”
Captain Rogers refuses to have Bruce look at his bleeding hand. He keeps saying that it will be okay tomorrow, and to Tony’s horror, everyone seems to believe him. He grabs a towel from a drawer and no one even blinks at the growing blood stain when he sits back on the bed with the towel clutched in his hand.
He sits down with Steve and explains that no known entity can publish that footage without their consent and Johnny has burnt his chance to leak that footage by bringing it up in public, in hopes of egging Tony to get some angry response. That it will be okay, that he is sorry to have put Steve on the spot like this, and being near Tony has many downsides including constant media attention of the worst possible kind. That he will fix it, one way or the other.
“A…” Steve begins, as he shakes his head again when Dr. Stark presses a circle around his navel and looks at Steve. “A plug,” he manages this time, keeping his eyes on Dr. Stark, having learned from recent experience that they are the only kind concept in this disastrous day. He doesn’t expect giggles and condescending looks anymore, and it’s amazing how weightless the truth makes him feel. It’s nice, Steve realizes with astonishment, as he tries and fails to stop staring at Dr. Stark. He desperately needed to tell someone about this, even though he had no idea himself.
Tony talks about the battle he’s been fighting to convince his execs to take significant pay-cuts to hold back lay-offs as much as possible. He rants about the pandemic bringing out the worst of the American Nightmare to the surface; how public healthcare and social welfare are non-existent in this country, and charities cannot make up for an unjust, broken system. Steve eats the rest of the amazing oversized pizza as slowly as he possibly can, and nods from time to time, as he swallows his opinions on America’s social issues with cheese and bread. He can talk about public healthcare all day; he just doesn't know if he can stop talking before all that’s been building up inside him since last night starts to spill.
throw good things at us at some point,” he smiles or he tries to, even if what he’s doing feels more like a meaningless expression. “Throwing the precious human being that you are to me? Giving me the honor of watching your cheeks go pink when I run my fingers over your skin, or the amazing things you do just because I gave you a StarkPad and a bunch of kids to order around? Good things do happen to people, Steve, and you deserve all of the good that the universe might ever have.”
The dishes, he tells himself as he breathes in and out. That’s the only thing that Tony wants him to do so all Steve needs to focus on is turning on the water and rinsing the dishes. Tony wraps one hand around Steve’s cock, stroking slowly, as his other hand pushes Steve’s pants down. “You are just gorgeous, you know that?” Tony murmurs against the back of Steve’s neck, “ you are blushing all the way down to here,” and his other hand moves down and starts rubbing Steve’s balls. “How are you even real? How could someone be so beautiful inside and out? I just --” and he breaks off again, distracting Steve from the dishes too with the perfect pace rubbing Steve’s cock and massaging his balls, and for a long minute it’s pleasure perfection as Tony kisses the side of Steve’s face and mirrors Steve’s moans one by one.
He is the one.
There is no milk or cream in Carbonara, Tony explains as he puts a couple of pieces of garlic bread on Steve’s plate. He doesn’t ask if Steve wants any, or how many. He just reaches over and puts them there, as if this is the 200th time they’re having Italian together. Steve’s heart flutters in his chest, a familiar swirl going through his core before he is distracted with the way Tony is smiling back, his face lighting up in one of those perfect whole-face smiles that Steve has come to love so much.
Or to think about other things too, and keep somewhat focused, especially when he’s putting permanent ink under the skin of his patrons, and he’s fully calm and collected when an unfamiliar number starts to blink on his phone at 11 PM, right after Steve had closed the shop for the night. His hands are
Steve changes his mind about the restaurant a million times. He raises the budget over and over and over again because who needs an emergency fund if what you get in exchange is Tony Stark smacking the back of your neck for choosing such a wildly pricy restaurant.
Last chapter is here!!!
, let alone doing things the American way, whatever the hell that means these days. There was half a chance, maybe, when you were only Tony Stark, the sweetest, most caring person I’ve ever met, but Iron Man?” he sniffles, and his breath stutters. “Impossible.”
“How is he?”
“And, we’re officially stuck.” Tony taps on the keyboard, before shaking his head. “The shuttle did a fantastic job getting us here, but its structural integrity is compromised. Sadly, it’s not built for Warp engines, and now it needs some love in the Fleet Yards.”
Nat gives Tony’s hand one last squeeze, before she lets go. She blinks and smiles at Tony before turning away, and she straightens her back, looking so different suddenly “Copy that,” she says firmly, “do you need a hand with Tony?”
, his mind dutifully provided, as he walked along the beach to get back to the fort, wondering if he would be able to focus on the calculations of the base designs that he had to finalize by the end of the day. He let his tears drop as the wind picked up and when he looked back, in hopes of seeing Steve’s figure in the distance, all he could see was miles of empty beach, dotted by their footprints going in opposite directions.
“Come home with me, Steve. I don’t want to be where you’re not.” Something is pounding between them. It might be Tony’s heart, or his own, Steve can’t tell for sure. He is not sure if he is hearing right or not; if he is mixing up Tony’s words with the song.
Clint nods and smiles at Tony again. He opens his arms and brushes both hands on Nat’s sides before putting them into his pocket. Nat turns her head and her face twitches into a smile. They look at each other for a fraction of a second before they both look back and Tony sees something there that looks a lot like a sparkle.
Steve grits his teeth, so hard that his jaw starts to hurt. “And you’re all about style, aren’t you?”
“... dirty little sucker. You broke up with me for this mini alpha? Does he even have a knot?”
, in case you wanted to reblog it!
He’s just finished shaving for the first time in two years when the ground under his feet starts to shake. He throws the towel right next to the hamper as the whole compound is rocking in place and he runs, or flies, or does both somehow, the distance to the front door stretching before him to infinity. His jaw falls open at the sight of a spaceship landing right outside the main building and he can’t believe his own eyes as the doors open.
Tony opens his mouth in amusement and raises his hands. “You read my journal articles?”
“It’s about surrendering at your own will. To give up the power and trust someone else; to leave it in their hands.” Tony reaches for Steve’s hand to hold it in his, and Steve brings his other hand forward to hold onto Tony’s. The air gets too thin for a moment, and Tony can’t quite tell, if it’s the idea of Steve's perfect ass on his lap, with Tony’s red hand marks all over, that has suddenly taken Tony’s breath away, or the way he is clutching to Tony’s hand right now as if Tony’s somehow the steadying polar of the entire universe.
Tony is overwhelmed. He feels like he has been dipped in the crack of an ice rink but something distinct is burning on his front that is making the ice melt, in warm gooey circles. Steve just drew a heart all over him and Tony doesn’t know which he could tolerate more decently; if the rest of the message goes the only logical way it can, or if it doesn’t.
Except that nothing is as it was when he fell asleep. Tony’s sitting on the floor, his arms around his knees, rocking back and forth, as the mix of sweet scents gets more and more intense by the second. Steve drags his feet across the cabin, holding on to the console table to keep steady and stops a foot from Tony, pained by the amount of will he has to put into keeping his hands to himself.
the way Tony’s eyes get wider with surprise as Steve talks about the ‘secret society of coal miners’ and speaks a few sentences in Italian.
Steve looks up from his phone, eyes wide and interested. “Stark Industries? Do you work at Stark Industries? Wow, no wonder they can afford this--wait--
Steve drops the tattoo gun and startles himself with the loud clunk. Or at least that’s what he blames his thundering heart on, in the fraction of the second it takes him to turn and face Tony, and thank God, and all the Irish saints, Tony has that cheeky sparkle in his eyes that Steve adores with his whole heart.
He pressed his forearm over his eyes a little firmer as Steve sat on his bed, took off his shoes, and slipped under the covers. ‘Just talk to him’, Jarvis had said at dinner, for the hundredth time, and for a heartbeat, Tony contemplated the idea as he listened to the soft wheezing sound of Steve breathing. Tony was awake and so was Steve if his uneven, shaky breaths were anything to go by, and perhaps this was the moment when things would finally turn around for the better.
"I'm sure I'll get over the shock eventually," Tony deadpanned, prodding at a few more files on his tablet. "Looks like now all we have to do is wait."
"In more than one way, yes," Tony answered, returning Steve's grin with one of his own. After all the teasing, he was already half hard, and he immediately dragged Steve into a long, hungry kiss. He drew back, eyes hooded and lips parted as he sighed heavily. "I need you," he murmured, the words emphatic rather than pleading as Tony held tight to the other man.
Loki immediately stepped away, hands held up in case anyone got any thoughts of trying to protect Clint. He'd seen the look on the man's face, knew what he was thinking, and he was happy to retreat from the accusatory stare.
Coulson took the file and opened it, scanning the contents before nodding. "Understood, sir. Is Agent Barton cleared to come with me?"
Steve was on his knees in a second wrapping his arms around Bucky’s shoulders. “Hey… hey, are you okay?” The man’s face was twisted in a grimace, and the question seemed both obvious and obviously wrong. Still Steve kept himself focused on Bucky’s problem and not the complete lack of competence he’d apparently developed in emergency situations. “Do I need to get a medic?”
Tony glanced around the room. "Alright, my show now. Phil, you make sure I know where all my ducks are. Barton, Romanov, you two make sure he doesn't get killed. Logan, you and Bruce are taking point. Summers, you're their backup. I'll stay close as well."
"Not that I'm aware of." The archer started stalking westward.
"That's comforting. Really." It wasn't like Logan to not have an escape plan, but Scott knew that if it really came down to it, the mutant would do whatever he needed to do to escape. Part of him still couldn't believe that of everyone in the universe who could have come to his rescue, it had been Logan in the end. "Maybe for today we just stay in, get really drunk - or, well, I get really drunk - and we try to forget we're supposed to do any fucking thing at all." It sounded like bliss in a way, though Scott suspected that after so much time in captivity, he probably should have wanted to go running through open fields or something instead.
Nat made a hum of understanding and let silence fall again. "I don't think I've ever seen him that dressed down." She glanced over at Clint, trying to get a bead on it. The casual delivery didn't seem forced. //Boys are ridiculous,// she thought with an internal groan of frustration. Hoping to at least get a smile out of the other man, she added, "Or wearing your face on his chest."
"Fuck!" Logan gasped. Scott's eagerness was almost overwhelming. Lust-clouded eyes watched his cock disappear into Scott's mouth, and he fisted a hand into his lover's hair for a moment before letting go and resting it on the man's shoulder, willing to let him have control for the moment. "Fuck... feels good," he breathed. "Think... think I'm gonna need you to ride me before we're done here, though." He knew Scott was probably still sore, but if he was going to get locked up for awhile...
Victor smirked as he heard Clint settle back to the floor. "Got him trained, haven't you?" he murmured, shoving Phil's pants and boxers down to his knees. He heard Clint shift again, and his face darkened. "You know, I don't like the feeling I'm going to get interrupted." He stepped back, then pressed Phil more firmly against the wall again. "Stay."
Scott's breath caught, and the whine he let out was entirely undignified. They had to calm down a little or they'd be rubbing each other off on a bench, and that wasn't something he wanted on his rap sheet. "We need to take it down a notch. Maybe take it home, actually? I... that whole going slow thing is sounding lame. Really lame. And stupid. Did I mention how stupid that sounds?" Scott licked his lips and then found Logan's and kissed him soundly instead. "What do you say? Back to your room? You'll probably spend all day in meetings tomorrow. Might as well have something fun to think about while you're in there."
Bruce looked at Tony askance as they boarded the plane. "Did... did you inject yourself with nanomachines?"
The X-Men had trained, of course, but Scott was finding it interesting to see just how different the word was for SHIELD agents. They were real, honest to god spies. Natasha was like a Bond chick without the stupidity or inability to keep her clothes on. He was fairly certain she would murder him if she had any idea he'd thought that. There are perks to not having telepaths around. "So how did you guys end up here?"
Slipping in and out of consciousness like the tide receding from the shore, Tony nodded slowly as he fought to concentrate on Steve's voice. "Yeah, cameras everywhere," he replied. "Pepper can show you... how to access them. You can even... view the footage on... your laptop." In the distance he could barely make out the sound of a siren. Tony despised hospitals, but he knew there was no getting out of it. He'd very nearly been killed. He was hurt, and he wasn't sure of the extent of his injuries. If the pain was anything to go by, it was serious. "Hey, are... you gonna be alright... without me?" Tony playfully asked Steve. "Dunno how long... I'll be away from home."
Seeing the sudden tension in Steve's jaw, Scott stepped forward and looked the file over himself. "What exactly does this thing do?"
"I'm glad you like it. Pretty sure I couldn't not worry. It's kind of what I do." Steve laughed quietly and let his hand drift to rest on Tony's stomach. The warm, quiet moments were almost too sweet. He knew the world would intrude with a thousand new problems soon enough, but he relished the time they had in the meanwhile. "You got me started worrying before I even liked you. Apparently it's your superpower."
He’s standing inside the supplies closet with his back carefully leaned against the door, as he’s hoping for it to open any minute; he’s been hoping for it to open any minute for a little bit now - enough to be all worked up and antsy, and quite painfully hard, but not enough to be furious and leave, slamming the door loud enough that a certain person can hear from his workshop across the hall.
Steve lets go of the back of his neck. “Well, yes? It’s just that… it’s just that I feel, you know, useless. Going around here all day, listening to you trying to save the world with the snap of your fingers,” he mutters a little shakily and Tony feels a sudden urge to kiss better the unhappiness that is wrinkling Steve’s forehead. Steve’s lips press into a thin line and he looks down, as he continues, too sad for Tony’s liking. “My job is not exactly the kind you can do from home, and I try, you know, to be there for my team. Move things around to improve their insurance or up the living arrangements SHIE-- our employer has come up with for those who are not based in New York. But aside from checking on them like once a day and playing house husband here, I do nothing to help people.”
“No need to be sorry. I don’t think many of us would be in better shape after going through what you’ve been through. Actually, I’d wager that we might be a lot worse off.” No matter how much blame everyone else was levying against Bucky, it was clear he had pulled plenty of guilt onto his own shoulders. “The truth is, Captain Rogers asked me directly if I’d keep an eye on you. Even if he hadn’t, I would have volunteered before it came to drawing straws. For one thing, I think it’s unfair to blame you for something that was done to you. For another, well… I assume that Captain Rogers has been too kind to mention it, but I was a bit of a fan growing up. Not just of him, but of the Howling Commandos. I’ve known who you were since I was a kid.”
It was Natasha who got herself together first and headed to Clint and Coulson’s last position. “They’re gone.” She hissed out a curse and braced a hand against the wall. After a few deep breaths, she grated out in an even, hollow tone, “Loki took Stark’s body. Coulson and Barton are unaccounted for. Logan is down. The Brotherhood is scattering.” Natasha gritted her teeth. “We lost.”
It made his skin crawl. The closest thing that Coulson could find in his mental library to relate the moment to was a big dog jumping on him when he was a little boy and slamming him to the ground. Of course, the dog had only wanted to play, and it had backed off the second its owner asked it to. Victor wasn't on anyone's leash but Loki's, and Coulson knew better than to expect mercy from that corner. So instead he tried not to gag at the feeling of Victor's breath on the back of his neck and the man's heavy body against his own. Considering the fact that he'd been looking forward to sharing most of his free time in Clint's bed in the not too distant future, reality was encroaching in a particularly offensive fashion. At least facing the wall spared him from seeing Clint's face. Silently he prayed that Clint would just stay the hell down and prevent any further damage. If they ever did find themselves with an opening, he wanted them both to at least be capable of movement.
Clint nodded warily, but he'd made a point to grab his bow, and he kept it ready. He knew Scott's abilities could tear him in half, and he couldn't help but feel like he deserved it. He escorted the man to the cell block, then hesitated before putting him in a cell. "Uh..." He was pretty confident the cell wouldn't contain Scott if he used his powers. Clint was about to try and jury rig something when one of the agents in the block handed him what looked like an extremely high-tech blindfold with a locking buckle on the back.
Thor looked troubled at the thought but after a long stretch of silence allowed, "I am with you."
It was Logan's turn to fight to stay calm enough to keep from cumming like a teenager. Hearing someone who'd always seemed so straight-laced utter those words was enough to make him lose his mind. Instead, he focused on Scott's earlier warning and slowed his strokes before withdrawing his hand completely. Instead, he tugged Scott down so he could lean up and suck at one of his lover's nipples. He paused to look up at Scott and run his hands over his back. "You know how good you look like this? Turned on and dyin' for me to fuck you?"
"He's useful, though," Natasha allowed, "and smarter than he seems. Not in a personal sense. On a personal level, he's actually worse with other human beings than I am. I didn't know there were people like that." She knew how to work people over, how to manipulate them, but Tony Stark was one of the few people she knew who were as consistently awful with relating to others as she was herself. "Thank god for Steve or he might not be able to introduce himself without getting slapped half the time."
Clint opened his mouth to tell Phil to shut the hell up, but he felt Victor's fingers squeeze his jaw harder. Too-hot breath puffed against his cheek a moment later, and he could hear the mutant breathing in his scent. The archer fought back a shudder, the hairs on the back of his neck standing on end as he wondered just what Victor meant when he talked about 'playing.' Clint flinched as he felt the tips of cold claws drag up his back and heard the sound of fabric tearing as his undershirt gave way. A slow burn and the feel of a light trickle of blood down his back told Clint that the fabric wasn't the only thing torn.
Tony smiled his satisfaction at the confession, shifting his hips back to line himself up before he slowly pushed into the blonde's body. He took it slow, not wanting to hurt Steve. He hummed his pleasure as his hands tightened on the blonde's hips. "You feel so good," he murmured. "So tight, Steve. Fuck..." He began slowly rocking his hips, sinking a little deeper with each shift.
Similar thoughts were filtering through Loki's mind, and he shoved them roughly aside. He had done fine on his own. He would continue to do fine on his own. There were no other choices. "Neither are you. Not yet," he answered with a slow smile. "If you're hungry, there's food." Loki gestured to a table not far away. There were no real paths out. He was beginning to wonder if the idea of victory was a ridiculous one. The mutants would have earth, but Asgard would eventually slip through his fingers. It seemed inevitable. There was a futility in all of it, every broken plan or botched mission a reminder that he'd never had a chance at emulating his brother's glory. "Have they even bothered to tell you why Thor hasn't come to your rescue yet?"
"Coffee date with Simmons," Natasha explained with a smirk.
"No! No, I... the company's nice," Steve allowed, hating himself for giving in so easily when he knew that Tony was just trying to make him say as much. Naive as he most certainly was in some senses, Steve wasn't stupid. He wasn't a genius like Tony but he wasn't a complete idiot either. "It just never seemed like I was your favorite guy to hang out with. You've got a lot more in common with Bruce." In fact as near as he could tell, they had nothing at all in common, which made it all the stranger that he couldn't really stand the thought of Tony walking away. The only problem was that if he stayed, Steve wasn't sure how to handle it. The absurd thought of asking Tony to dance struck him and was summarily dismissed as both stupid and ridiculous within moments. The very idea left Steve blushing, and he silently prayed that the dim lighting would hide that from Tony's gaze.
Much as he would have liked to enjoy a longer session with Clint, Phil was satisfied just to make him feel so good. He felt sure that there would be other chances. Clint was as strung out and needy as he was. Still he kept to the slower pace that Clint had set, determined to draw every last second he could from the encounter. Clint gasping and writhing was definitely a sight he could get used to with no trouble at all. It was a thing of absolute beauty. He gripped Clint by the hips, fingers digging in just enough to remind them both of the reality of the moment.
Tony was speechless for a moment, which for him was more or less equivalent to an average person staring with their mouth hanging open in shock. "You and... Damn," he said softly, feeling earnestly sorry for Loki. He searched the Asgardian's face, and it dawned on him just how vulnerable the god looked, lounging nude in their shabby surroundings. "If SHIELD heard me say this, I'd probably get put on some kind of list, but I can definitely understand why you'd be a little pissed." He wondered what Thor's side of the story was, but obviously he wasn't going to get to ask. "I would've thought your brother would be a little more stand up than that. But it kinda explains a few things. Like why he wouldn't kill you the first time we caught you."
Tony grumbled, opening one eye to peer at Steve from the depths of his pillow. "Feed me?" he requested, not moving a muscle. When he didn't get compliance, he grudgingly sat up, his hair a definite mess. The sight of Steve cleaned up and wearing his usual forties-style button-down was enough of a reward for getting up, and Tony smiled despite himself. "Okay, this is worth getting up for. A hot guy, coffee, pastries, and also a hot guy," he admitted, yawning a little as he looked through the bag Steve had brought back. "My favorite coffee shop, too." He glanced up and smiled at his lover, pecking a kiss to the blonde's cheek. "You're the best."
"He's relieved. And still trying to wrap his head around it, I think. Both of them are," Bruce said, still amused to see the pair so excited. "And you should definitely hold it over his head. If he threatens anyone, I'll explain to him why that's not okay." He glanced at Jemma, giving her a smile that he was sure looked a little dopey. "I don't suppose there's coffee? I could use some. Especially if we're going rooting through telemetry."
"Will do."
The agent nodded meekly, unused to Steve being anything but friendly and congenial. "Of course, Sir." He opened his mouth, obviously on the verge of asking more, then closed it again.
"I can handle myself." Bruce said mildly as he moved out of the room, stopping to stand well within Tony's space. "But one more mention of the shit you've been texting me about, and I'll let the other guy explain how I mean it when I say I'm not helping."
"So, I haveta say, I'm pretty amazed by what you're capable of," Tony started, even as Logan became absorbed with his drink and eyeballing Steve like he was trying to figure out a puzzle. "I mean, my father managed to help figure out how to turn him"-he pointed at Steve-"into a supersoldier, but then you were just born with it. And then Stryk-" Tony stopped mid-sentence when Logan sharply turned to face him, "uh... is probably a subject we could discuss later." Sheepishly, Stark went back to his drink. The look in Logan's eyes had been unsettlingly similar to the one Tony had seen in SHIELD's files, and the mess that had gone with that look wasn't something Tony wanted to witness firsthand.
Tony had to clamp both lips between his teeth to keep from laughing. He wasn't sure if it was how put out Loki seemed, how anxious he seemed to make up to everyone, or just how odd it sounded to hear him speak of apologizing for things that were really well beyond mere apologies. "Maybe you should think about taking it one step at a time. I mean, actions over words, and all. Since you tend to use words as weapons. I distinctly recall you leaving Earth last time in a muzzle, in fact," Tony pointed out. Getting a sharp look from Loki didn't seem to phase him, but he frowned thoughtfully as he took in the god once more. "But you may need to talk to her, anyway. See if she can do something about you turning blue. Or at least convince her to make sure that it isn't killing you."
Clint chuckled. "Seen that movie. Good movie." He paused, cocked his head. "You know what's weird? I feel like Loki could be Alan Rickman's younger brother... you know, aside from one being a good actor and the other being a social deviant with mommy issues."
"To put it mildly." Fury didn't care who slept with who as long as no one was in traction when it was time to work. He knew that Clint was likely to spend the night beating himself up over Natasha. "Maybe you should call him in for duty tonight.”
Logan stared at the bruises. He barely remembered grabbing Scott earlier. He had to think hard to even recall the moment. "I hurt you," he stated flatly as the realization hit him. He swallowed hard. The idea made him sick. He wanted to protect Scott, mind and body. Instead, he'd scared the man and given him bruises. //Not much better than what I rescued him from.// He raked a hand through his hair, trying to think clearly. "Maybe... maybe there is somethin' wrong. But what're we supposed to do about it?"
It was better than nice. Phil knew his smile had gone from pleased to slightly goofy, but Clint didn't seem to mind. "This is really, really nice," he agreed dreamily, content to let Clint do or not do pretty much whatever he wanted. The man looked oddly stunning while relaxed and taking his time. Though certainly Clint was capable of great restraint on a mission, Phil wasn't used to seeing him not just restrained but actually relaxed. For once he'd actually slowed down. "I get the feeling you hear it often enough, but you're gorgeous."
Logan nodded silently, his face unreadable as he left the cup of coffee, untouched, on the counter and went to sit in the kitchen chair next to Scott, facing the man fully. "I don't freak out," he countered, leaning in, his hand on one of Scott's knees as he gave him a defiant stare, more akin to the glares he'd shot the younger man when they'd first met. He was well within Scott's personal space. It was a test, in a way. He wanted to see if Scott still had the nerve he'd had when drunk. His gaze bored into blue eyes as if to say 'your move.'
