“Can you even afford some of this shit?” Bucky asked, sounding disdainful as he eyed a footstool in the storefront’s display. “How much are they, I don’t see a price tag.”
Steve had tried to appeal to Doctor Strange, but after turning up through another one of his portals, he had taken one look at the dragon and declared, “She says she wants to stay here.”
Tony tugged at Steve’s hair until they were further apart, until he could look into those eyes, azure blue rimmed around wide dark pupils. Seve looked at him with softness and wonder in his eyes, like he was drinking in every inch of Tony’s face and couldn’t get enough.
It was a carefully shaded sketch of Tony in the Iron Man suit, faceplate lifted as he munched on a donut held in one gauntlet, a little icing smeared on the corner of his lips. There was a faint bruise around one eye and the armor was clearly badly damaged from whatever recent fight they just had. Tony had chosen the sketch well, nothing too revealing or vulnerable for either of them. The knot in Steve’s stomach loosened at Tony’s careful consideration of Steve’s feelings, the way he thought about how Steve would feel showing his art to the world when he had kept it secret from everyone before this. Steve had no doubts that if he shook his head, Tony would find a way to avoid displaying any of this to the audience.
“I think I know more about you than any ten minute interview could ever reveal, don’t you think, Captain?” F.R.I.D.A.Y. pointed out.
“You shouldn’t have tried it unless you were more sure,” Steve said, horrified at the idea that it could have all gone horribly wrong.
He grabbed Steve by the elbow and dragged him towards the stage, applying his elbow when necessary to get to his destination. When they were about ten feet from the stage, Bucky grabbed Steve by his shoulders and looked him in the eye.
the serum. There was nothing amazing or impressive about him, beyond what the serum had granted him. Other than his stubbornness and unflagging urge to fight against all odds, there was nothing else he brought to the table from before the serum.
Also, by the end of the story, I had a hankering to try out my hand at a/b/o smut, so there will be a sequel posted either next week or the week after. It will be extremely flufftastic and smutty. It's finished, just waiting for me to clean it up a bit as usual.
So as not to be recognized, Tony had changed out of his provocative waistcoat and was wearing a sleek black suit with an open-collared platinum gold shirt, no tie. That was probably for the best, since the earlier outfit with so much skin on show had a negative effect on Steve’s working brain cells. If Steve had to dance while touching Tony’s bare shoulders...he had to stop thinking about that just so he could remember how to breathe again. Tony also had on a black jester’s mask, with a big painted smile and gold curlicues as extravagant eyelashes.
Vicente looked down his nose at Alexandre. “I’m sorry, Ambassador, but there is obviously some cultural differences here. You can’t imagine the importance of Alphas amongst our people and amongst the Americans as well. We put a lot of importance on heritage and gender.”
Then Tony pulled away, and away again until he was standing arms’ length apart from Steve. His eyes were still bright as he said, “See you later, Steve.”
When Steve headed to the bathroom to wash the cloth he had used to wipe them clean, Tony rolled over onto his back slowly, letting out a hum of contentment. Regardless of how good he felt, he wasn’t going to be moving much any time soon. He was ready to loll about in bed for the rest of the day.
Steve didn’t say anything in response. He only rolled Tony over and distracted him in the best way he knew how. He was definitely getting more skilled in this kind of
Shaking his head, Steve tried to banish all those thoughts and worries about the negativity directed at Tony because he knew he had to focus on his next task. It was almost time.
“After the gifting ceremony, we will have some…drumroll please, come on, F.R.I.D.A.Y., don’t let me down here, thank you!” Tony paused dramatically for the drumroll that filled the air with rolling beats. Tony’s grin was wide and visible even from where Steve was standing, so far back from the stage. “Thank you, F.R.I.D.A.Y.. We will have a
Several security guards came forward, but Tiberius still stupidly took another step forward. Suddenly, a gauntlet formed over Tony’s hand, nanites glittering as they poured out at great speed until Tony was armed in less time than it took to blink.
In the end, Tony lost the competition, in the best way possible. He was being stimulated from two fronts, with Steve toying with his cock while he fucked Tony with his tongue. Steve also had the unfair advantage of being a supersoldier who could hold his breath for a very long time and he ruthlessly pressed this advantage. The prolonged assault was too much for Tony to bear, with his stiff cock squeezed so pleasurably while his wet hole was plundered with increasing enthusiasm, opening him up wide for that hot, wet intrusion that wriggled and pushed until Tony could only gasp, and moan, and come as his whole body stiffened, arched, toes curling as he jerked again and again.
a two-leg?” Steve realized what this meant. “You’re talking about me. You don’t even know me. I don’t even know your name.”
Surveying his breathless audience, Tony spoke, his voice coming through the speakers even though he wasn’t wearing a visible mike. “Good evening, everyone. Welcome to my Courting Ceremony.” He spread his arms with a grin.
. Tony pressed forward with intent, lips lingered against Steve’s, and the feel of Tony’s mouth against his own, soft facial hair against his skin, sent a bolt of heat through him that coalesced in the pit of his stomach. A shiver thrummed through his blood, shuddered through his bones.
Turning his head, Tony lifted a paw towards the urn, very clearly threatening to knock the urn off onto Steve’s head. Steve’s lips curled up, baring his long teeth as he growled, low and menacing. That didn’t seem to faze Tony at all. He nudged the urn with a paw, earning him more barking. Looking put out, Tony hissed at Steve, although his hackles stayed down this time. This went back and forth for a couple minutes until finally, Tony sat down and licked his paw. Steve quiet down at that.
But this, this whole event, the fact that it was a Courting Ceremony… It was more than what the team normally did for each other. Surely this was significant.
“Sure thing, Kev,” Tony said with a shrug, looping an arm through Steve’s. “Can we go, Steve? I’m kind of
Steve continued to look serious and a little worried too. “You don’t have anything to worry about when it comes to Kenny. I’m not interested in him, not in the slightest. And it’s my fault that you’re reacting this way to him.”
For the first time since the car stalled, Steve looks out at their surroundings and realizes that their odds of someone driving by are pretty low. The desert landscape around them stretches for miles, and the road - although well maintained - does not have frequent vehicular traffic. If anyone else was going to drive by, Steve and Tony would have noticed.
Steve gave up. His cover was completely blown, probably from the very first day, and he had made a right hash of the job. He had told Coulson he wasn’t suitable as an undercover agent, so S.H.I.E.L.D. only had themselves to blame.
Steve breathed in Tony’s scent behind his ear and kissed his forehead, letting himself finally relax. He felt a cool touch against his own neck, a gentle rub of scales against skin, before Tony turned and pressed a kiss against his cheek.
“Your mistake is thinking I’m anything like you,” Steve said, his voice deceptively calm, almost friendly. “Men like you worry about your reputation. If you think I’m going to hold back because I’m worried about my reputation… Why don’t you just try me? Just say one more word and try me,
“Charity?” Steve asked, puzzling over that. “How does charity fit into this?” Unlike most of the Maria Stark Foundation’s charity galas, there had been no entry or table costs.
The strength behind the words made Tony feel warm deep in his gut and he knew he had a somewhat dopey smile on his face. Leaning forward, he rubbed his cheek against Steve’s before pulling back and smiling at him.
Tony paused in his idle patting of Steve’s abs. “I didn’t say that outloud.” He wasn’t sure if he had actually, but he preferred to start with denial first.
.” Tony smirked and there was more laughter and giggles from the crowd. “Thank you for coming, everyone. Now, shower me with gifts!”
“Tony, oh my god, no, I wasn’t going to fuck you!” Steve interrupted before this conversation got any worse. “Or ask you to…lick me. I wasn’t thinking anything like that. I was more thinking that you looked, well, cute.”
Steve took a deep breath as he muted the television. At least this publicized debate was a little more even-handed and wasn’t just completely critical of Tony. Tony’s decision to distract the public with his Courting Ceremony seemed to be working a treat, except it seemed to have worked too well. Whille people were too busy to brood over what Thanos did and how the Avengers reversed it, they were also nitpicking over Tony’s Ceremony or complaining endlessly about Tony himself.
Wild with desire, Tony ground down mindlessly, rolling his hips. He tried to stop himself, he really did, not wanting to suffocate Steve or injure him. But Steve’s hands clamped down on his ass, spread him wide and pulled him down harder. Message received loud and clear. Tony gasped at the realization that Steve wanted Tony to ride his face, squirmed at the feel of that unrelenting tongue probing and curling deep.
“I’m impressed by how you always find a way to fight free even when you’re backed into a corner. You were young and there were so many people trying to pull your strings, but you didn’t let them,” Steve said, shaking his head with an admiring smile. He looked a bit sad when he continued, “I’m sorry you had to go through that, but I’m glad you did anyway so you didn’t have to bond with Tiberius.”
“What’s next, your majesty?” Steve asked sardonically. His initial awe and surprise was fading after being bossed around so thoroughly by a little merman less than six inches tall. If this was a hallucination, he had to give credit to his imagination for being so wild and unusual.
Then surprisingly, Tony started sniffing around Bucky, even nosing at Bucky’s shoes and shins. Steve tensed at that, watching them closely. Trying to keep his body language relaxed and calm, Bucky was nonetheless prepared to receive a scratch or even a bite, based on how things were the last time he saw Tony.
He had been sipping on his glass of milk while he worked, and he once more reached for said glass. When he tipped the glass to his mouth, he knew immediately something was wrong but it was too late.
“Steve,” Tony whispered, hopeless and lost and pointless, but Steve knew what he meant, knew what he wanted.
Swallowing a mouthful of crumbly pastry, Steve sighed and said, “She said Ty was only with you for Stark Industries.”
Okay, his ideas were getting wildly stupid. Steve knew he was falling into a spiral of desperation when he started considering superheroing in tight leather catsuits as a Courting gift. That would only be a gift for the press.
Fury sat down on the other end of the couch, sliding the pizza boxes onto the coffee table, to reveal that he had been holding two guns under the boxes. When Steve glared at them, Fury unrepentantly slid them into their shoulder holsters beneath his jacket. Shrugging, Tony turned his hand up to show a little black rod, small enough to be hidden in his palm. He slipped it into his pocket.
The package was wrapped in gleaming green, with gold reindeers prancing across the shiny surface. A satin ribbon in matching gold was wrapped around the neat box and ended with a big pretty bow right on top. Stuck to the side of the box was a small card with beautiful cursive handwriting that only said, “
Tony pushed himself up on the edge of his glass, waving a hand at Steve with a thundercloud of a frown on his small face. He was flushed, mouth open in shock and annoyance. Reluctantly, Steve stuck his finger out to receive his scolding.
Tony’s smug smile turned into a happy and bright one, the joy of it familiar and never failed to make Steve’s heart squeeze with reciprocal happiness. Steve realized that maybe he hadn’t realized how attractive Tony was before his transformation, but there had definitely been something more going on between them even before this moment.
Normally, Tony on a roll would be hard to ignore. It wasn’t that his volume went up, because Tony rarely raised his voice, even when he was furious. But it was the way he would emphasize his words, how his hands jabbed at the air, dark eyes snapping with emotion. Tony on an angry rant was someone who commanded attention regardless of what anyone else was doing.
Tony took a deep breath to complain, but Steve was suddenly clambering on top of him, caging him in with his forearms pressed to either side of Tony’s face.
It was the bravest, most stupid thing Steve had ever done and he wasn’t sure he would do it any other way even if he was given a chance to choose again, even as he sat there, staring at Tony and braced for anything. He was here to court Tony and he wanted to do this right, even if it might end in public humiliation, no matter how gently Tony let him down.
When Steve had started nesting subconsciously, moving favorite soft pillows from the living room into the bedroom without much thought, Tony had picked up on it immediately. So he had bought new silk bedsheets in red, blue and white. He had tried to pass it off as a joke when Steve had frowned down at it, but Steve had recognized that hint of panic in Tony’s eyes. He was at a loss.
“I’ll flirt if I want to,” Tony shot back, before turning to Steve, examining his face. “Look, you’re too worried over what’s essentially a friendly meet up. How about we fly ahead instead?”
Steve rested his hands on his belt, and took a deep breath, searching for the familiar center before a fight. He watched the people in front of him go up the stage, one by one, and presented their gifts, staying calm the whole time. His heartbeat was speeding up but it was the kind of adrenaline he could channel, that he used effectively on a battlefield. He wasn’t going to fight Tony, but this wasn’t any different to any major battle, and he was going to come out on top.
“Sorry, I got caught up in something,” he announced as he bent down and rubbed his cheek against Steve’s. That earned him long fingers curving around the nape of his neck and Steve pressing his cheek back for a slow indulgent moment.
Perhaps sensing his complete indecision, Lee offered, “Or you could focus on customizing a special perfume instead. The Scentears aren’t necessarily a trend everyone is interested in, but who doesn’t like a nice customized perfume, am I right? What scents do you think the person you’re Courting might be interested in?”
. Was this a side-effect of dating Tony Stark? Would all the bizarre results of their superhero life just come across as superhumanly cute instead?
Bucky turned around with a grin on his face, probably ready to drop a terrible joke on Steve, and did a double take instead. “Hey, you okay? You’re all pale and shit.”
Steve rolled his eyes at the patronizing comment. “I meant that you’ll dry out if you stay out for too long and we can’t just pop you into a glass of seawater or the aquarium. I’ll go fill the bathtub now with seawater. You won’t be able to fit entirely but surely you’ll fit enough to soak your scales.”
Tony held up the rather skimpy lingerie which he had taken out of a very expensive-looking box, not at all embarrassed to let the cameras fully capture the lacy red and gold teddy and G-string. “And who’s wearing this? Me or you?”
Drawing in a deep breath, Tony murmured, “I reserve the right to say ‘I told you so’ when everything goes to hell in a handbasket.”
He thought that one day, he wanted to experience this in the ocean, when Tony figured out a way to shrink Steve down and give him a little tail of his own. Then they would dive through the waves and swim through the sea together, skin against skin, scales against scales.
“I can’t, usually. But T’Challa gave me a tip that I should follow your lead,” Steve said honestly, before a thought occurred to him. “Wait...you know who I am. I thought this was meant to be anonymous.”
“Let’s go for a ride,” Tony said through the helmet. Distantly, Steve noted that the crowd was clapping thunderously and wolf-whistling at them. Somewhere in this large crowd, his friends must be going crazy with excitement. Steve felt almost euphoric with happiness as he looked around the cheering audience and then at that familiar gold faceplate from up-close.
Well, if Tony was up for it, why not? Steve carefully unbuttoned and unzipped himself one-handed, pulling out his now straining cock. He knew he didn’t need much to come at this point, not after the display Tony put up, not after knowing that Tony felt safest in his hands. Literally so this time.
M’Baku smirked and walked away with the air of a cat who got the canary and was going to enjoy licking every inch of it.
Tony was tapping a rhythmic beat against Steve’s wrist, not meeting his gaze for the moment. Steve asked with some worry, “Is there something wrong?”
“Thank you, Captain Rogers,” J.A.R.V.I.S. said primly, before sighing. “Mister Stark says that he’s amazing and I’m just a product of his amazingness.” The way Tony smirked at that made Steve chuckle. Then J.A.R.V.I.S. continued, “Although I don’t know how amazing Mister Stark can be when he believes it’s logical behavior to go without sleep for 48 hours to work on my code and then, forces himself to stay awake now just so he can see your reaction during our first interaction.”
Tony's eyes are set on a building a block away and when Steve's head whips around he feels his own eyes widen. There is a fire, probably in the kitchen. Even with the distance and through the window Steve can see the walls have already caught on fire and are making their way up to ravage the rest of the house.
Throughout his jog, Steve’s usual calm from pushing his body hard was completely out of his reach. He was plagued by mounting anxiety. What Tony had said sounded ominous for some reason, even though he was asking Steve to wait for him. But why had he needed to ask that? They had an established routine and there was never a time when Steve had to wait for Tony. Steve usually jogged for an hour and went back to the spot in the water right in front of the rockpools where they had first met. Tony would be there, usually complaining about how he had been waiting for Steve.
Wade must have been that crab Steve had rescued from a boy that had been talking about pulling off his legs. That was the only time Steve had saved anything from anyone on this beach.
He reached out and placed his hand palm up on Tony’s thigh. Immediately, Tony put his hand down on Steve’s, linking their fingers together. Fury’s eyebrows looked like they wanted to levitate off his forehead, but Steve only stared at him defiantly.
That gave Steve a pause. He stopped what he was doing which resulted in Tony letting out an audible little high pitched squeak of protest. But Steve didn’t continue opening the parcel, instead asking, “Direct your payments? What payments?”
It was why Tony seemed to be pouring out all his previously unrealized pet-owning-urges on a near indestructible dragon. And to be fair, she did seem like the perfect companion for Tony. She could hang out in his workshop without any fear of being injured by his machines or work. Steve had watched as DUM-E ran over her tail and all she had done was chase after DUM-E. She had seemed to take it as a game and the ridges on her tail were clearly uninjured.
Instead, Steve only got right up to the stage and looked up in time to see Tony striding onto the stage. Thankfully, he was still wearing his black suit with the open collared golden shirt, and he hadn’t changed back into his dark red waistcoat with no shirt attire. At least that meant Steve had more working brain cells to spare.
Tony opened the sketchbook and for a moment, Steve was terrified that Tony would show the sketches to the camera without looking through them. While he had wanted Tony to know his intent, he didn’t want his heart bared to the world like this.
Both hands were on his ass again and his cheeks were spread wider, revealing him to the cool air. A finger pressed against his hole, but this time, it pressed in and in. Tony opened up for him, relaxed as much as he could, but he didn’t have to worry because he was so wet and slippery that Steve’s finger slid right in. Steve held him open with one hand and slipped two fingers into him, moving in slow, coaxing thrusts as Tony’s body eased the way with more natural lubrication, pulsed its shameless lust.
Steve remembered him as the guy whose gifts of multiple cars by different makers had ultimately been rejected by Tony. It had been a ridiculous choice for a gift considering how Tony tended to customize his own cars and had a preference for Audis anyway, but Steve still felt a squirm of uncertainty deep in his gut at this complaint. It was legitimate. Compared to a collection of cars, it was even harder to sell his gifts as a single present considering his only theme tying them all together was that they were made by him. He looked at Tony with some trepidation.
Tony turned away, hoping against hope that he was mistaken and that Tiberius fucking Stone wasn’t heading right for them.
“How many people can say they were showered in come?” Tony pointed out. “I can cross it off my bucket list.”
He sucked the head of Steve’s cock back into his mouth, but this time, he kept going. He pressed down and down, relaxing his throat as much as possible until his lips almost reached the base of Steve’s erection. Steve was swearing up a storm, legs trembling as Tony pulled off and then plunged down, over and over again as he relished the feel of that hard cock fucking into his mouth and throat. Sometimes Tony stopped with the full hard length in him and he just swallowed repeatedly around Steve’s arousal, enjoying how his throat constricted haplessly against that immovable cock.
The curly haired woman handed over what looked to be a canvas wrapped in silver paper. When Tony had torn off the wrapping, he stared at it for a moment, before turning it so that the audience closer to the stage could see it and video cameras could capture what was on the canvas and project it on the walls. It was a beautiful portrait of Iron Man in the air, his suit gleaming gold and red against the blue sky.
“Oh, it wasn’t that hot. I’m fine, probably just a trick of the light,” Steve said, wishing he sounded more convincing when he was lying.
Tony cut him off immediately. “Don’t be ridiculous, that’s not what I said. I just...needed to hear again that you’re sure. Very sure.”
Steve let out a heavy sigh like he was agreeing and then padded over to Sam’s side. He nudged Sam back in his chair before unceremoniously laying his head down on Sam’s lap.
But it was surprising because Tony was pretty good at providing for the team and building things. He always made his healthy but delicious green drinks post-missions. He might be hopeless at cooking anything more than his three standard dishes — cabonara, chicken stew and fried rice — but he always kept the fridge stocked and had take-out arriving just as Steve and Thor realized they were getting hungry. The team were always given weapons and uniform upgrades that worked better than the last in ways that they never even realized were possible.
It went on for a bit before Bucky pulled back with a wince. “Holy shit, Steve, I think you broke my little toe with that move. What the fuck?”
When the man looked like he was about to complain, Happy stepped forward and said, “Mister, get your hands off the stage and step back.”
“You’re welcome,” Tony said, voice warm. Then he continued, “Let’s talk some more about your strength later. I think it’s time I talked to your boss instead.”
But now, it actually took effort to focus on what he was saying despite those angry threats and familiar vehement gestures. His voice was at a low enough volume that Steve had to really concentrate to make out all those words. It also didn’t help that Tony was…well, really cute.
“I do,” Steve said evenly, “And I don’t mean we get married and bonded immediately, right now. We’ll figure out if things work during this courtship. But Tony…” Smiling, Steve reached out and circled Tony’s wrist with his fingers, steadied his trembling hand. “Tony, we’ve been through hell together. I
So Steve was a little surprised when Tony was the one who requested to go down to the beach, when they had gone for a swim two days ago. But still, if Tony wanted some time in the water, then it could only be a good thing.
Even though Tony was riding in the plastic bag, Steve could practically feel his excitement thrumming through when they reached his house. It was located only ten minutes away on foot from the beach but Steve had kept one hand cradled around the plastic bag for the entire trip, to try to block his little strange parcel from sight even though he didn’t see anyone on his way back.
Bucky sighed. Of course a regular video call with Steve would get him mixed up in fighting against a threat to
“I was meaning to ask,” Sam said, sounding a little breathless but everyone was doing him the favor of ignoring that. “Are you really wearing the scent Steve made for you?”
An accord seemed to have been reached after that and Amber suddenly warmed up to him significantly. Steve found himself with a running buddy, Amber flying after him as he jogged around the city. He could sit beside Tony again on the couch, his fingers tangling with Tony’s as they stroked Amber’s belly, round from whatever hideous thing she had eaten that day.
Steve was surprised by that, but before he could say anything, Tony continued, “I’m going to turn off your voice modulator, it’s driving me crazy expecting to hear your voice and getting this weird not-you voice.”
Later, he watched as Steve and Tony amiably ate dinner side-by-side. There were plates on the floor with food made specially for them. They were human food but edible for dogs and cats, since it felt wrong to be feeding Iron Man and Captain America actual cat and dog food straight out of cans.
“We have to do something,” Steve said, tensing up, gripping his shield tighter. The attacker could lose it at any point and cut Tony’s throat. They couldn’t just wait around for that to happen.
Then Steve started talking. “Tony, Tony, you feel so amazing, oh God, I never imagined…” His words were broken, incomplete, but his meaning was clear. “Tight… Tight and wet. Ah, you feel so good, Tony— Thank you, Tony, thank you—”
“You let him touch you,” Tony growled, fists clenching in Steve’s jacket, pushing away and glaring into Steve’s wide eyes. “You let him.”
Smiling, Steve said, “I think watching you get off is going to be enough this time. What do you want, Tony?”
“Was there something you wanted to add?” T’Challa asked. His expression was calm, like it wasn’t unusual for him to hold conversations with cats.
Tony sighed and turned around, accepting his ill luck. “Hello, Ty. How did you sneak in here? Rhodey’s going to have your balls if he finds out you’re here.”
Steve ran a hand through his blonde hair and frowned when he rubbed his fingers together. His hair was still standing up in silly spiky tufts. He said, “I’ve got to...go wash my hair too.”
“He’s killed too many in any case,” Steve says, looking around the empty town with sharp regret that so many lives had been lost.
It was a bit disconcerting to hear the word ‘fucking’ fall from T’Challa’s lips, said in an unfamiliar voice that had been changed by his mask but with that familiar self-possessed cadence and air of nobility.
After a moment, T’Challa shook his head and just smiled. “I guess cats do what they want,” he commented mildly.
“Do not worry, Captain. I’m sure Bruce will be interested in joining us now that Stark is funding the Avengers, with no involvement from S.H.I.E.L.D.,” Thor said from the other bench in the quinjet.
“It’s just such a gorgeous cock,” Tony said, voice hoarse from his activities. “I just love your cock so much.”
Steve made his way to the front, polite but firm as he moved through the tight press of people until he was right in front of the stage, his friends trailing behind him. No doubt someone will complain to the news that the Avengers were rude and pushy, but he couldn’t spare a single thought for that.
Bucky shook his head before coming closer to grip Steve by the shoulders. “You’re an idiot.” Steve was ready to agree with that, but Bucky shook him lightly and continued, “You listen here. We don’t follow you because you got some fancy serum in your veins. We follow Steve Rogers, the guy who never gave up, who took the risk and let himself be experimented on. You’re the guy who broke orders and came back for us. You wouldn’t be Captain America if you hadn’t earned our respect. That’s who we really follow. That’s not the serum, that’s all you.”
Stark’s eyebrows went up in disbelief. “That coffee looked like it was steaming hot. Look, tough guy, there’s a sickbay, we can— Huh. I could have sworn your skin looked red earlier.”
Alright, so Steve’s unease wasn’t just because Amber was a potentially dangerous unknown creature from a different dimension. It was because ever since Amber arrived, Steve hadn’t been able to get close to Tony. Hell, he suspected he wouldn’t even get to share a bed with Tony if Steve hadn’t put his foot down and insisted Amber slept in her own room when Tony had tried to sneak her into the bedroom.
This was definitely a problem. Steve sized up the beautifully wrapped present. It was just about the right size for a toaster, but he doubted he would be so lucky to find a toaster in it. On a closer look, there were three small holes on the side of the box, seemingly punctured there after the box had been wrapped up. That was strange.
Everyone else seemed to notice, everyone but Steve. People were perking up around Tony, smiled at him more and seemed barely able to take their eyes off him once he was within sniffing distance. The unbonded Alphas especially lifted their heads like bloodhounds when he walked into the room and were keenly interested in every word he said. Hell, even some of the people with bonds, Alphas, Betas and Omegas alike, paid Tony more attention.
Surprisingly, Steve and Tony didn’t react to this insult. Steve was lying down, head on his paws and allowing Tony to lick his ears and groom his fur on his head into silly spiky tufts. Was Tony doing that on purpose? Surely Steve should look better after being groomed, not end up looking like a punk dog?
Turned out the dragons weren’t interested in attacking New York. They were just lost. Dragons were migratory creatures, but apparently, that meant that they migrated from dimension to dimension. They were able to fly through dimensions, but sometimes, they got a little lost.
“Are you still together?” Steve asked, telling himself that this was for research. He needed to know his competition. He wasn’t
Before Steve could be on the receiving end of more teasing, he leaned down and kissed that beautiful smug smile, curling a hand around Tony’s waist as he stepped back into his apartment. Tony followed eagerly, kissing him back with fervor.
Looking around the bland office, Steve would think that Tony had cleared out the space for Miss Potts to eventually move in as CEO, except he could still see a few personal artifacts here and there that clearly belonged to Tony. There was a family photo of Howard and Maria Stark with a very young Tony by his mother’s side. There was a doodle on a notepad of something that was far too technical for Steve to understand.
. Tony’s relationship with Steve was all over the news so these two must be one of those idiots who thought that the relationship was fake or that they were so much better than Steve Rogers and could seduce Tony away. Or maybe they just thought that Tony was that much of a slutty Omega.
But that changed over time and the sketches did too. The early sketches of Tony were all arrogant smirks and angry frowns. These slowly evolved into sketches where Tony was quiet, still, laughing in pure joy with an arm around Rhodes, mock scolding DUM-E with an affectionate grin on his lips. There were pages and pages dedicated to his eyes, bright and lively and never good enough on paper, always missing something essential that Steve could see in real life but couldn’t come close to depicting. He painstakingly drew every single provocative eyelash around those dark mesmerising eyes, drew every single line on Tony’s infuriatingly handsome face, but never came close to being satisfied with the results.
“And I better get a shower. If you hadn’t spent an hour in the shower, maybe I wouldn’t have to rush now,” Bucky said with an eye-roll.
Steve cleared his throat, aware that his hands were rubbing up and down Tony’s arms without his instruction but not intending to stop. “If it wasn’t obvious, I like you too. Very much.”
With the mussed hair and the little squint Tony was directing at the television, Steve found Tony unbearably attractive and adorable.
“So, Tony, have I told you about my beautiful villa,” Alexandre said. “It’s set on a cliffside, overlooking the sea, and we have fresh plum trees right in our backyard. I love plucking them straight from the branch and biting into them, licking the juices off my skin. The villa is so very...private.”
“How did you recognize me?” T’Challa asked curiously, his voice much deeper with the mask’s modulator on.
Spinning around in his tiny form, Tony surveyed his domain, except now he was a very small person in what probably seemed like a rather oversized domain. Tony looked back at the box he had just escaped from, covered in its now torn open wrapping paper, probably reading the card in a glance.
Sam made a face. “Hell no. Have you seen how this guy eats? I won’t be able to get in two mouthfuls before he hoovers up everything else.”
But Steve had never liked the artificial blockers or enhancers. He just knew that the scent he liked best was Tony’s strong muzzy, sleepy scent in the mornings, mingling with the smell of freshly brewed coffee. So he was going to take the risk and forego all the artificial scents.
And Tony’s face… It was at once familiar and foreign. Steve had drawn that face countless of times, the little lashes against pale cheeks, that mischievous smile. But it was somehow different when human-sized and seen from a few feet away, rather than a small face that Steve had to peer at usually from afar.
“Vicente, I have to say, I’ve no interest in a family that’s constantly popping out Alphas, mostly because for you to even reach that point, your family must have made a concerted effort. The kind of concerted effort that involves generations of inbreeding back among your ancestors.” Tony lifted a finger when Vicente’s face drained of color and set into lines of fury. He continued coldly, “Before you threaten to sue me or whatever stupid drivel you’re going to vomit up in faux righteous fury, just remember that none of that will stand up in court because it’ll be easy enough to find out from tracing your ancestral line. It’s not libel if it’s true.”
.  But he couldn’t resist the idea of confronting and taking out two hapless Avengers supposedly stranded in the middle of nowhere with no weapons or back-up. The plan worked.”
“There was this guy who called the shots and overruled all complaints, I heard. Something about it not being a democracy. Quite the tyrant,” Steve said with a shrug and a small grin.
Shrugging, Tony rubbed at the come on his shoulders and arms like he was soaping up with Steve’s come. “I have to be so I can deal with crazy magical shenanigans like this. Anyway, I like comeplay, you know that.”
“Are you going to ask him not to mud-wrestle?” Steve asked, stiff, trying to take his mind off the fact that he would surely be dancing with Tony soon.
“You’re an idiot, but you’re our idiot. I don’t want you to ever talk shit about my best friend again,” Bucky said quietly.
Steve went there by car, which was of course a limousine sent by Tony, and shared the ride with Bucky, Natasha and Sam who were all staying at the Avengers tower too for their visit to New York. On the way over, he was almost overwhelmed by nostalgia. While many things had changed, the trip over was still familiar, and it felt like he was coming to a full circle.
The Mind stone had been safely removed from Vision without destroying him, and Wanda had in turn destroyed the Mind stone. When Thanos made his grand entrance on the Wakandan battlefield, Doctor Strange opened up a portal right over Thanos’ head and dropped Steve and Tony onto his head. Apparently, even the Mad Titan wasn’t ready for a tornado of a hissing, screeching cat encased in an Iron Man armor and a superpowered dog that took a chomp out of Thanos’ behind, much to everyone’s surprise.
“Coffee,” Steve said immediately, thinking of how Tony could be lured into the communal kitchen with freshly brewed coffee, even when he was half-asleep and barely coherent. Maybe
God, this was so embarrassing. He had met Tony Stark, spilled coffee all over himself like a clumsy oaf, and now he was going to walk back to his desk covered in coffee. Steve resigned himself to being the butt of everyone’s jokes for a week at least.
Tony blinked and then seemed to shake himself out of his daze. His gaze set on the box, before flicking up to stare at Steve, registering what had been said. Tony smiled in amusement. “You were such a rule-breaker. You shamelessly exploited that one gift per suitor or multiples of the same theme rule.”
So through the portals they went again. It was a little funny to see Tony and Steve in their animal forms, walking through the portal calmly, tails held high like it was everyday that they used portals as animals.
“I’m pretty sure that’s still on your same floor, buddy,” Tony said with a cough, trying to hide his laughter but doing a poor job of it.
“Yeah, they’re pretty weird, but it’s Steve and Tony, they’re always pretty weird,” Rhodes said without concern.
At the end of it, what Steve got out of the explanation was that The Little Mermaid was a true story, except vastly changed. The mermaid, called Macy, not Disney’s Ariel apparently, had been very small and had allowed herself to be discovered by a prince because she was so curious about humans, otherwise known as two-legs to merpeople. The whole mute part of the story was apparently because the merpeople didn’t communicate by audible speech. The prince and Macy fell in love and they both decided to be together in the sea.
“Where have you taken me, Phelipe?! We are going to die out here.” Tony’s head falls back against the body of the car. “I didn’t die out in Afghanistan, now God or Karma or The Flying Spaghetti Monster has decided I’ll die here in the
That...was a total lie. Steve knew it had to be a lie. They had met many Jabari during the war against Thanos and there had been no kissing whatsoever. Steve fumed in silence at M’Baku’s audacity to just go around kissing Tony like that.
Steve knew that his feelings for Tony came through bright and clear from what he had put down on those pages. Even when they were apart, when they had their own Civil War, Steve had drawn Tony compulsively, sketched him from memory, drew him from what he found in newsfeeds.
“Hmm, I guess it’ll do. Thought you would be more creative, Bain,” Tony said, looking up with a bored look. Steve knew immediately that Tony wasn’t going to treat this suitor seriously, which helped him relax again.
“Good,” Tony says immediately. Then, “Now you’re making me think of you naked and that’s just unfair.”
Tony looked as stunned as Steve felt. They had all met in the battle against Thanos, and as far as Steve knew, M’Baku had shown no interest in Tony at all. If anything, he had thought M’Baku and T’Challa might have been dancing around a topic of a mutual courtship.
Steve stared at the horizon, trying to see something, anything that would give him a clue as to what happened.
There was a very brief moment of silence before the line of journalists exploded with noise, shouting question after question at him. But Steve just turned and walked on, having made his intention clear.
At that, Tony swung away and stormed off, making a beeline for Natasha who was chatting amiably with the Canadian ambassador whose name escaped Tony. She broke off the conversation when she saw him coming and met him halfway.
The flow of gifts continued for another half an hour, but Tony wasn’t as vivacious as he was for the remainder of the suitors. He seemed a little distracted, looking through his audience instead of at them. When the last suitor had finally deposited their gift, Tony stood up again to address the crowd.
“What we’ll start off with are the Courting gifts. You can present your gifts to me, and I may or may not accept them. You can also, right off the bat, decide you don’t want to present me with a gift anymore after you hear what I have planned. Well, I say planned, if coming up with this in the last ten minutes counts as a plan. If you decide your gift is better suited for someone else you’ve just met at this ceremony, by all means, approach them. Be polite and respectful about it, otherwise we’re booting you out of this place.
“You already know all of my family,” Steve pointed out, thinking about Bucky, Sam and Nat, about the Avengers. Then he thought about Rhodey, Pepper and Happy. “And I know all of yours.”
“I see the superserum enhanced your sense of smell as well. And I thought we agreed you would call me T’Challa.”
Steve shook his head, trying to clear his mind. It would be much too forward a move for someone he wasn’t in a Courtship with. And it would give off the wrong impression that he was only after Tony for sex.
Tony turned at that warning and immediately ducked away from where an electric whip cracked with shocking loudness against the glossy stone floor. The flooring cracked and shattered under the whip, which didn’t bode well for everyone in the vicinity. That weapon could easily kill someone.
Tony looked back down at the gorgeous long and thick cock between Steve’s legs, so hard it was pointing up, almost like Steve’s cock was proudly displaying every pink ridge and lovely vein to Tony’s eyes. His cock hadn’t knotted yet, but it would, Tony was sure of it.
“It’s how I make a grand entrance to an organization like S.H.I.E.L.D.,” Tony replied carelessly, without explaining anything whatsoever.
Steve pressed a kiss to his skin and murmured, “You don’t like the job I’m doing?” Then he licked. With a pointed tongue, he licked right in.
Alexandre’s expression changed as well and he hissed, “You think you’re so high and mighty? If you weren’t in heat, no one would pay you any attention at all.”
Steve sat down beside Bucky with a low, grumbling growl, but his ears were less droopy and his tail was relaxed by his side now. Bucky gave him a few awkward pats on his head and Steve leaned heavily against his leg.
“What was the price for turning the prince into a little merman?” Steve asked with a frown, swept up by the story despite the information overload and his sense of disbelief.
By the time they were done, Tony was standing on his own two feet, a little unsteadily, his hands clasping Steve’s forearms.
“I don’t know, you took me out on my own Courting Ceremony, that seems like a swell date to me,” Steve teased.
Steve leaned down and kissed him, sipped from his lips in short tasting kisses, like he couldn’t decide on an angle and couldn’t get enough. Then his tongue touched the inside of Tony’s lower lip, traced softly, almost ticklish, and Tony shivered, felt himself leak even more in reciprocal want.
Tony wanted to roll around in that ridiculous, startled laugh. Did the people know that Captain America’s voice could go up like that before it turned into silent gasping laughter as his cheeks flushed and he was caught in throes of amusement? No, they didn’t know, because Captain America was always stoic and serious. Only Tony got to see this, Steve Rogers collapsing back into bed and laughing freely, with no barriers up.
Sharp teeth bit into soft, vulnerable neck, into scent glands and Tony felt his back arched, felt his body seized in an endless gasp. Suddenly, Steve was lodged hard and deep inside of him in all ways, hard cock in his soft wet hole, hard teeth in his soft neck, arms surrounding him, hand suddenly surrounding and squeezing Tony’s cock…
Steve looked out over the expanse of blue sea, wondering if there were any D.E.R.P. units in this area. The Disposing Errant Rubbish Pronto units, a name that Tony refused to budge on, were little machines Tony had created to gather the trash in the ocean and deposit them into a floating garbage heap to be collected later. The world had been taken by a storm with Tony’s clean energy company and his aim to clean up the ocean within the decade.
For some reason, Steve couldn’t shake the feeling that Tony was going away. Like Tony had to say that, because he didn’t know when he would be coming back. It was ridiculous, but the worry nagged at Steve. He imagined what he would do if he stood in the water but Tony didn’t come back. If he just stood there in the water for the rest of his life, waiting and wondering because he wouldn’t even know what happened to Tony if he never came back.
Tony was paying avid attention to Steve’s hands, like watching would make the parcel be opened faster.
The blue throw was knocked askew during that impressive move, only draped over one elbow now. Steve could see the silver, blue, red and gold bracelets on Tony’s other wrist. He picked up that hand and kissed the bracelets, kissed Tony’s pulsepoint, relished in their mixed scents.
“Yeah, why not, Sam?” Steve asked, giving Sam a Disapproving Look, like he was ready to challenge anyone who questioned his Courting gifts.
“This isn’t what I meant!” he complains, but he’s giggling anyway. Steve laughs as he takes off in a light jog.
“Are you sure you don’t want to just leave them like this?” Doctor Strange asked. “They seem so much more peaceful this way.”
The guy emerged from the wall, stepping out of what looked like a golden ring that had suddenly appeared in the wall. He seemed to be wearing some kind of blue robe, like a costume from a show. “Hello, Captain America and Captain America’s sidekick. I’m Doctor Strange, Sorcerer Supreme. We don’t have much time to talk. Bruce Banner has come back to Earth with news of a grave threat, and he’s gone to get Tony Stark. I need to get you and your friends back to New York as soon as possible to make preparations.”
Right, if S.H.I.E.L.D. had detected the arc reactors when they were sacrificed for the spells, then that would be very difficult to explain away.
Nat’s lips were set in a grim line. “According to witnesses, Tony walked into the cafe and the person walking behind him grabbed someone else in the cafe as a hostage. He made Tony hand over his nanite container before taking Tony hostage instead.”
The clean up and endless talks afterwards took ten times as long as the actual battle itself. Bucky was ready to retreat back to his hut and sleep for a month after this, but no, he had to follow everyone back to New York, because he was still the official Steve and Tony babysitter and they needed to be in New York while Doctor Strange figured out a fix for them. Now that the end of the world was no longer impending, he had the time to focus on restoring Iron Man and Captain America.
Holding onto what looked to be some electronic component in one hand, Tony gestured for Steve to bend low to the table and planted a tiny kiss on Steve’s cheek. He did this often now and yet Steve still didn’t stop blushing at the gesture. That made Tony smile up at him before waving him away so he could get back to examining his box of what looked to be random spare parts.
, but the heat hormones were mostly gone from Tony’s system. He knew how ridiculous he had behaved. And fortunately, even that sharp jab of insecurity quickly faded as he recognized how silly he was behaving.
“Have you gotten anyone Courting gifts before?” Sam asked as they walked past yet another beautifully decked out storefront that seemed to contain nothing of any interest.
He had forgotten about Amber’s animosity towards him, but when he remembered, he looked down to see that she was watching him calmly, no hissing or snarling present.
Tony watched with interest from his glass as Steve set up an aquarium in the middle of the living room, with a new stand he had bought just for it.
“Do it. Show me,” Steve directed, fucking faster with the little pen, drawing Tony closer to his chest, watching that little figure writhe in his gentle hold.
Tony’s dark eyes were almost alight with iron determination, the drive to achieve his objective clear in his voice. Physically, Tony was small, small enough to sit on Steve’s palm. But in that moment, staring up at Steve with blazing conviction, Steve felt like he was looking at a giant who would bend the world with his will.
The trip back was interminable. Tony wanted to drive, because he always drove, but Steve had taken the keys gently from Tony’s hand and Tony had let him. He couldn’t concentrate, couldn’t really
Tony lifted the first canvas out of the box, holding it right in front of his face so Steve couldn’t even see his reaction. The seconds ticked pass and Steve was starting to squirm when Tony flipped the canvas so it faced the front of the stage for the cameras to see. There was a big grin on Tony’s face.
“And we’re the Avengers,” Tony says with a vindictive grin, holding up his slim phone. “I jammed the signal during your boring monologue, scrotum-chin.”
Steve realized he was walking on autopilot, drifting forward without remembering when he had done so, sitting down on the stool without conscious thought.
Sitting on a red velvet cushion was a matching pair of bracelets, each consisting of three strings of platinum chain twined with silver fabric, with blue sapphires winking up from the chains.
Tony was gasping when Steve trailed kisses along his cheek and down his jawline. He wanted...so much more.
“Bucky told Nat who told me that you haven’t been to any Courting Ceremonies before, not as an adult. She said you only went to a few when you were too young to even participate,” Tony said in a rush of words.
“Come on, Tony,” Steve said, and that mildly coaxing tone was enough to break Tony’s silence on the matter.
For some reason, that made Steve frown. He said, with unshakeable surety, “I could recognize you anywhere even if I had no enhanced senses.”
He edged into the house, moving in the direction of the living room where the voice had came from. A sharp surge of panic went through him as he remembered that Tony was there, working in his aquarium. Steve dashed into the room, abandoning all caution.
“Thank you, Steve, but you’re right, I don’t. And while Ty with a broken nose would probably be the best wedding gift Rhodey could ever get, I don’t want to spend another minute on this douchebag,” Tony said, thoroughly enjoying this moment. He turned to Ty and sighed. When Tony reached his hand up suddenly, Ty actually flinched, jittery from the tension. It was a
“Why are you smiling? You’ve got that dopey look on your face that you usually get right before you kiss me. Wait, holy shit, are you turned on right now? I knew you had something of a size kink, but this goes beyond reasonable, Steve. I’m not going to let you fuck me with your dick like this, I would
“You cannot deny that he would be a great addition,” T’Challa said, giving Steve a sly look out of the corner of his eyes.
One day, Steve came home from getting supplies and nearly leapt out of his skin when a smooth voice with a British accent said, “Good afternoon, Sir.”
Tony jumped to grip the side of the box and tried to pull himself out, almost tipping the whole box over instead. Holding the box steady, Steve offered Tony a hand which Tony promptly stepped on imperiously. When Steve lowered his hand closer to the top of the workbench, Tony jumped off his hand.
He couldn’t be more open about his feelings and he had done it on this stage, in front of so many people, where Tony might feel compelled to let him down gently, or might burst into confused laughter.
It was slick skin on skin, bodies crashing together in desperate want and pheromones filling the air. Strident cries and gasps as they moved in unison, legs parted, calves tensing, thighs pumping, cock feeding into hungry wet hole.
“No.” Steve shook his head, giving Bucky a determined look. “It’s time to regroup and come up with a different strategy.”
Good, good, and Tony would just make sure that Steve knew it. He lifted himself up and rubbed his hole over Steve’s cock, dripping his slick over it. Steve’s groan vibrated through him and he felt smug, felt wanted, felt like Steve was his.
The disc was about an inch thick but when it came out from Tony’s chest, there was no hole or indentation where the disc should have sat. It must have been magic. Steve stared with alarm at the inert blue circle on Tony’s chest that was also dull and no longer glowing. Without any hesitation, Tony picked up one of the discs from Steve’s hand and inserted it into his chest. Somehow, it pressed
After they danced, or at least attempted to dance, for a few more minutes, Rhodes excused himself with a faux bow, wincing a little as he walked away on trodden feet. Although Steve felt a little reassured that Rhodes didn’t seem to be against his courtship, he was still pretty terrified at the complete lack of progress he was making when it came to dancing.
Steve realized that his hand was wedged under Tony’s tail, probably trapped there when the size change suddenly happened and Tony would have abruptly outgrown the hand he had been sitting on less than a minute ago. Unconsciously, Steve’s fingers twitched, feeling with shock the smooth ridges of large warm scales against his skin.
“Oh thank god, Steve! I wasn’t sure where I was,” Tony said in a voice that sounded like him only at a much softer volume and slightly higher pitched for some reason.
They arrived in New York through a golden portal to a gigantic mess. A really fucking gigantic mess.
Take the ambassadors of France and Portugal. They had been trying to monopolize Tony’s attention for the entire mingling portion of the International Response to Extraterrestrial Emergencies first committee meeting. It had been half an hour since all the serious discussions had finished and the meeting had broken up for some nibbles and for people to stretch their legs before they went crazy from all the humdrum and endless sitting.
It had been hours since he had discovered Tony, and the entire Avengers team had been down to the workshop to have their fill of staring at this tiny version of Tony — and to take photos, much to Tony’s displeasure — before dispersing to hunt down Loki. Steve had stayed behind because no one trusted Tony in tiny form not to get into bigger trouble than usual. No one really knew why Loki had done this, but it bore all of his trademarks even before Thor confirmed that was Loki’s writing on the card. Loki probably thought he was being very funny, and he had seemed extra irritated by some of Tony’s verbal jabs at him during their last battle.
“I heard you need my help again, Stark.” And there was Doctor Strange, his upper body pushing out from within a spinning gold circle slicing through time and space.
He has always been amazed at Tony's way of dealing with something unexpected and often life-threatening. Whether it was New York or the numerous Hydra bases they wiped out, Tony took one look at the situation, uttered some well-placed curse words and a sarcastic remark before he dove in and kicked ass. So it's not surprising when Tony squares his shoulders and gives a curt nod. “I say we got two options,” he states, as if this is just a minor setback of a project in his lab, and not a completely lifeless town in the desert. “Take off like a couple of cats who saw the chihuahua on the other side of the street-” He's known Tony long enough to be certain that's not a viable option. He's too curious.
“I saw Alexandre and Vicente following you around the place and I knew you wouldn’t be happy if I interfered. So when Kenny started talking to me, and I knew he was, uh, attracted, I started pretending to pay him attention,” Steve explained.
“Not one bit,” F.R.I.D.A.Y. said serenely. “And I had this video call just to personally tell you that you’ve passed the screening and you’re now an approved suitor for the Courting Ceremony. Your entry ticket has been emailed to you, please show it to the attendants on the day of the ceremony.”
Bucky was about to reply with a snide response when he blinked in surprise, peering at something behind Steve. He wondered if he was hallucinating, but just in case he wasn’t... “Uhh, Steve. There’s a guy’s head sticking out from the wall behind you.”
This was the place where he had first met Erskine, his first step towards the serum, his first step towards the future. And here he was again, hoping to take another first step to a new life, to a new beginning with Tony...
“I thought you couldn’t dance,” Tony remarked, casual. The voice modulation on his mask wasn’t on and Steve wondered how anyone failed to recognize that voice. And if not the voice, then how could anyone miss those lovely eyes.
“And it looks perfect. You look very dashing, Viz,” Wanda said, shooting a glare around the group to dare anyone to disagree.
They held gazes for a moment, and Tony must have read the sincerity of Steve’s understanding. Tony’s gaze dropped before he said,
“A few days after we met. It wasn’t hard to piece together,” Tony said, frowning a little as he looked at Steve, looking worried for the first time since Fury walked in. “The alien invasion in New York was all over the news and there was a lot of coverage on the rag tag group of superheroes on the ground, including Captain America.” That was an oblique reminder to Steve that Tony might not have been spending time on dry land at that point, but he had done a lot of reading later on once he figured out how to navigate the internet.
Tony’s lips turn down, feeling a faint niggle of suspicion at the back of his mind. Maybe it’s nothing, maybe he’s just spent too long with far too many enemies and a simple convenience store without a clerk and phone service is making him paranoid.
“You don’t know how to dance? Dancing at this kind of thing is not unusual,” Natasha said with a frown, probably disappointed at Steve’s failure to research this mission properly.
Tony sighs dramatically, but slips a hand into Steve’s, deliberately looking away, taking a sip from his water bottle. Steve squeezes his hand and takes a sip of his own water. The sun’s a little hot and he’s pretty sure they’re going to have to stop for food soon. Tony always forgets even when there’s nothing around to distract him and it’s a nice day. The scenery is good too, if he can get Tony to stop complaining and concentrate on it.
It was clear from the onset that Tony was here to learn as much as he could. He was endlessly curious and voracious in his reading. He studied on his tablet — his own, which Steve had bought and had cost quite a lot — with as much enthusiasm as he did watching television with Steve at night, sitting in his glass on the coffee table.
“I know it’s a secret, I won’t tell anyone,” Tony said in earnest, still looking worried at Steve’s reaction.
Giving her a laconic but satisfied smile at her first statement, Tony turned and headed for Steve and the other Omega, a prowl creeping into the swing of his hips and his footsteps.
Tilting his head to the side, Tony bared his throat to Steve. It was instinct and, at the same time, it was the culmination of several months of planning.
Before Steve could ask if they had developed a plan yet, the attacker was edging out of the cafe with Tony held right in front of him, a knife right to Tony’s throat. Steve froze at the sight. That blade was resting against Tony’s carotid artery. The wrong move, and Tony could bleed out even before the ambulance arrived.
“For those whom I’ve decided we aren’t compatible based on the gifts, you can still mingle and dance, and maybe find someone else you want to make a lasting connection with. Or a very short connection, whatever floats your boats.” At the end of that suggestion, Tony winked.
After eyeing him up for a moment, Steve asked, “How many reasons did you come up with for why you think I really joined the Courting Ceremony?”
“Tony, have you met—” Steve started, only to be interrupted by Tony looping a hand behind his neck and pulling him forward to rub their cheeks together, long and slow and pointed. Tony sniffed, but the scent was pure Steve, with a touch of Tony’s scent from all the times they had come in contact. Tony was glad that the Omega hadn’t actually touched Steve’s cheek, had only come close to it; otherwise he would have to rip that Omega’s hand off.
“I meant...new family,” Tony tried, obviously aiming for subtle before giving up with a huff. He continued more bluntly, “New family between us, I mean. You surely watched some news reel where they called me an old dried up Omega who is no catch at all to any Alpha.”
The soft background music from the speakers increased in volume, overwhelming the drone of people chattering. There were people in uniform going through the crowd, quickly handing out masks to every one of the attendees.
That prompted Tony to lean in closer and Steve had to frantically remind his hand not to squeeze the coffee cup, oh no, please don’t squeeze the coffee cup even though he could now smell Tony’s mild but alluring aftershave. Large dark eyes peered at his face, examining it from up-close. Steve wasn’t actually feeling a breeze from Tony’s eyelashes when he blinked right? Right? He was just being silly. God, why did Tony have to be so pretty
Getting up off his stool, Steve gave Tony a crisp salute, earning another one of those beautiful happy laughs and then Steve was off the stage, passing the next suitor who was on her way up.
The moment Steve opened his front door, Tony popped the top half of his body out of the bag, leaning precariously on the plastic’s edge, and grabbed hold of Steve’s thumb.
Steve blinked and looked towards the aquarium. Tony grinned and flashed him a thumbs up, before typing something on his waterproof tablet.
It was absurd and self-centered, but the idea that any part of this was indirectly a result of Tony thinking that Steve should experience an extravagant Courting Ceremony warmed Steve to the core.
While Tony was still soaking, Steve went to plate up the food to give Tony some time to himself and also to have something to do with his hands. He let the normalcy of preparation calm his nerves, settle his fidgeting hands. He came back out with a normal human-sized plate of rice and curry, and a tablespoon of curry with tiny bits of meat and rice he had mashed up as much as possible with a fork. Steve rarely ate at his dining table, not finding a point in that even before Tony arrived, since he was mostly alone. He sat at his desk and started eating. After a few minutes, Tony flopped out of his glass and scooted over to his tablespoon of food. Steve laid his left hand down beside his plate so that Tony could put his right hand over Steve’s little finger.
That was a classic Tony Stark obfuscation if Steve had ever heard any, so Steve asked more directly, “What was your other reason for holding this Courting Ceremony then?”
“I assume it was the stove,” Tony, somewhat unnecessarily, adds. His voice is still impossibly chipper but there is an edge to his tone, just brushing the line of anxious, and Steve can feel the icy weight of serious worry pooling in his gut. There are few things that scare him but Tony losing his cool is one of them. It means things are gonna go really south really fast. He swallows.
Tony looked like he had just eaten a lemon— no, Steve had actually seen Tony munch down on a slice of lemon with much relish. This looked more like Tony had bitten down into a lemon to find out it tasted like rotten eggs. He was frowning and wrinkling his nose, leaning away from the man. Steve clenched his fists, muscles tensed to help if needed. But looking at the man with his bleached-blonde hair and smarmy expression, Steve knew Tony could handle this one.
He couldn’t imagine how life would be like now if Tony hadn’t so unceremoniously inserted himself into Steve’s gray existence, right on this very same beach more than a year ago. And now, Tony was taking him on a different adventure. It would only be for a couple weeks, the longest the world could spare the two of them, but Steve already knew it would be an unforgettable two weeks.
He wasn’t really paying attention to their squabbling at this point. Did that hussy Omega just put his hand on Steve’s shoulder? In what situation would necessitate him putting his hand on Steve’s shoulder? What was his excuse?
part of The Little Mermaid was a lot more literal than the original story and subsequent remakes portrayed.
Steve should have expected what came next considering the events that had transpired, but he still wasn’t ready for the flash of bright light right as Tony tapped at the arc reactor in his chest. Steve nearly fell off the couch and he had to rapidly blink for a few seconds before his vision cleared.
They weren’t even on the same team anymore. It was decided that the Avengers were over-concentrated in one location. So Tony had taken half the team to Malibu, while Steve had stayed with half the team in New York. The plan was to regularly rotate the members of each team out so every individual would have experience working with everyone in both locations, and they had plans to change team leaders based on a schedule as well. Steve had no doubt that at some point, he would be on the same team as Tony again.
There was something else niggling at Steve. Right at the edge of his hearing, he thought he could hear something…like a radio turned down to a very low volume.
Tony asked, “Why? They want to swoop in and take Iron Man now that I’m not doing too well? The U.S. government just tried to do that and got shown the door. S.H.I.E.L.D. isn’t going to fare any better.”
Obie, Tony had called him. Even after everything that had happened, he had used what was obviously a nickname for his godfather.
Tony continued, rambling a little, “I know I look pretty good for my age so it might come as a surprise to you that I’m past the age for child-bearing. It’s something you should think about—”
But what if Steve got lingerie for himself? Something lacy, in red and gold colours. Maybe it would be bold enough to catch Tony’s attention?
“Yeah, but you know that doesn’t mean much, right? He’s obviously just trying to lift everyone’s spirits. I heard it’s going to be a huge spectacle, and he’s going to try to make some money out of it for the Maria Stark Foundation. People don’t really get married these days immediately after Courting Ceremonies,” Sam pointed out.
So Tony dragged his feet all the way to the penthouse suite and flopped onto the couch, sighing loud enough for Steve to hear from the kitchen.
Pushing down on his own stupid illogical Alpha instincts, Steve rolled his eyes at himself because John Oliver was not a threat, he really wasn’t.
“You’re crazy,” Tony said, voice barely above a whisper. “We haven’t even gone on our first date yet.”
But Steve made sure he didn’t. After cleaning himself up, Steve had set up the workshop’s sink for Tony’s bath, stoppering up the drain and filling it with warm water. He had even added some liquid bodywash to the water and it had foamed up well enough to look like a miniature bubble bath. Tony had splashed around in the sink, enjoying the warmth and bubbles in a way which he rarely had time to do. Steve had watched with his elbow on the edge of the sink and his chin propped on one hand. He dipped his free hand into the water occasionally, splashing Tony cheekily only to have Tony try to arm wrestle his digits.
Tony’s eyes widen, and he opens his mouth to retort before closing it with a snap. He huffs again, this time in irritation, but Steve’s mouth curves into a smile. One. Two. Three. “I’ll have you know,
But there was just something viscerally satisfying in knowing that they both belonged to each other, to the extent that they were willing to say it even though they were both usually disinclined to actual communication on most days.
Jabbing a finger in the air at Steve — really, why was that so adorable when it came from a tiny Tony, but so irritating when Tony was normal-sized? — and taking a step forward, Tony said in that little voice, “I’ll have you know that I’m not cute just because I’m— Oh, fuck!”
Now, it was the interview portion of the screening process, which the instructions had said would take approximately ten minutes. He had his suspicions on who he would be talking to.
Pressing forward until Tony’s back was against the wall, Steve nosed at Tony’s cheek, drawing a line of hot breath down the side of his face until he was buried in Tony’s neck. Tony tipped his head to the side, allowing him access.
And Tony knew what that meant. Even through his increasing heat fog, he knew what that meant. He had never done it, not for anyone, even when he had shared his heat with others. But those people were nothing compared to Steve, because he wanted Steve to have everything, to see everything.
They were having their weekly video call. Bucky was living in Wakanda now, having chosen a peaceful and quiet existence after Shuri had managed to remove the trigger words from his mind. Steve of course was still gallivanting around the world, trying to go where he was needed with Natasha and Sam, even though they were all fugitives from the law.
Steve brought the bag closer to his face and decided in an impulsive headlong dive into honesty that he had to ensure Tony knew how important he was to Steve. He said quietly, “Tony, I just wanted you to know that I’m glad to have you in my life. I was worried that you weren’t coming back.”
“Mister Stark says I’m the most advanced Artificial Intelligence on planet earth currently and you should be in awe of his genius,” J.A.R.V.I.S. sounded long-suffering when he said that. Steve realized that Tony was speaking with J.A.R.V.I.S. through the tablet.
“There, now we match,” Tony said, which was just stating the obvious and was probably a sign of how this had shaken him considering how he hated to state the obvious.
“Which means they cost too much already,” Sam muttered, grabbing another handful of Bucky’s popcorn.
Steve laughed at that and the shocked moment passed, breaking into a cacophony of noise. Tony blew a kiss out to the audience, to the rising applause and cheers. Meanwhile, Steve’s mind was almost spinning from the realization that Tony’s arm was around his waist, which in turn made all of this sink in.
Steve squeezed his hips, and pressed in, slow, steady, inexorable. He was filling Tony up, so large that Tony felt his breath punched out of him with Steve’s penetration. Tony was so wet, dripping constantly now as his body welcomed Steve in, but even then, it felt like there was no way Steve could fit all the way in. And at the same time, it felt like Tony would die right away, body collapsing if Steve didn’t push all the way in and fill him all the way up.
“Yes, Vicente and Alexandre! The two unbonded Alphas who kept trying to get in my pants because I’m in heat and you didn’t even notice that I was in heat!” Tony swung away, storming to the other side of the room, turning away from his horrible uncaring Alpha. His surge of fury swerved suddenly into deep despondence, an overwhelming misery. His Alpha didn’t notice he was in heat. His Alpha...didn’t even want him. “Don’t I smell good to you? Are you already losing interest in me?”
“No, you did fine,” Steve interrupted, not wanting Tony to feel even a moment of doubt about this and also, not sure if he could survive hearing Tony talk about using
“I— You know what, I wasn’t expecting that,” Sam said. “Share some of that popcorn, will ya, and tell me all about Steve Rogers the crappy Courting gifter.”
Although, Steve did note that Tony hadn’t declared Steve or his ass or his biceps as amazing ever since Amber arrived. And the cheek-kisses he received from Tony during the day had been reduced by half with Amber hissing every time they were in close proximity outside the bedroom, where she had been banned from.
“Or we grow a pair and find out why the owner of that house decided it's a good idea to leave the stove on.”
“A civilian,” Fury snorted as he stepped into the living room, as casually as he could while scanning the room.
Apparently, nest-making wasn’t something that his large brain and keen observations instinctively understood.
“I wonder what they’ll do if the gift is too big to be carried,” Sam said. “Because some of these rich cats are going to try to give Tony cars and mansions, I just know it.”
The last few words came out in a rushed jumble as Steve turned around sharply and marched quickly to his desk. He ignored all the stares from his colleagues, but especially the stare he could feel burning into his back from one curious Tony Stark.
“Sounds horrible,” Alexandre said with a moue of distaste. And much as Tony was reluctant to agree with anything Alexandre said, he had to agree. It sounded horrible.
Tony tipped to the side a little and pulled Steve’s hand out from between his tail and the couch cushion. He smiled and held Steve’s hand.
“Walther PPK and a special holster,” Steve said, keeping his voice steady through the memories of her smile when she opened the neatly wrapped box, of the way her eyes lit up, of her acceptance of the gift. “She loved it.”
Steve had put the unusual morning swim behind him that evening when J.A.R.V.I.S. suddenly called out.
“It’s better that we got kicked out then,” Bucky said between chuckles. “Otherwise who knows what horrible scent you would have made for Tony.”
“Did you want to watch some TV?” Steve asked as Tony climbed onto his palm. It was unusual for Tony to watch TV at this time of the day, but not impossible.
something more sinister. He’s spent too long with far too many enemies, after all. It’s not paranoia if they’re really out to get you.
Steve caught his mindlessly roaming hands, stilled them until Tony looked up again, trying to work through his daze. Breathing in deeply, Steve’s nose flared. “Your heat is starting.”
.” As he talked, he turned the little case to the audience so they could see the delicately wrought earrings, one clearly a representation of DUM-E while the other was U, both with a vial each to be worn behind the earlobes. “They even move!” Tony crowed as he poked at the DUM-E scentear, showing how his arm went up and down.
Forcing himself not to rub the back of his neck, Steve answered with some embarrassment, “Yeah, I did.”
“Where’s gummybear?” Tony asked, thinking idly that he wanted to check that Rhodey was safe, that everyone he loved was safe.
Steve replied amiably, “Oh, I intend to cry my eyes out. It’ll only be fair since Bucky is absolutely going to bawl at our wedding.”
All the same, Tony wouldn’t have minded if Steve had shown maybe the tiniest bit of annoyance at their fawning presence. Maybe just a little. Instead of talking to that Omega hussy.
Steve stared at him, mouth slightly open. For a moment, Tony was worried. He hadn’t really even thought about hiding the truth behind what happened, not to Steve, but now he wondered if it was a good idea to reveal how he had basically distributed naked orgy photos of himself for the whole wide world to see.
“Hi, Tony,” Steve said, squaring his shoulders and looking up, chin lifted. “I’m here to court you.”
It was mostly classical music playing, and Steve noticed that many people started pairing off immediately, as if eager to show off their dancing skills to Tony or maybe to the other people present. Many seemed to have taken to heart Tony’s idea of making this a Courting Ceremony for everyone.
“This, I can manage. Just don’t let him find some wrong he has to right, then we’re all just along for the ride.”
Everything he had done for this crazy night had led up to this moment. Tony was accepting his suit. From here on out, they would be officially courting and the whole world would know how serious they were about it.
“Don’t be a dumbass,” he said quietly to Steve, which earned him a huff. “Seriously, they’re pals, like you and me. Don’t be weird about it.”
“I still took all the tests, you know, so I know all the ridiculous social rules,” Tony said with an eyeroll. “I just didn’t have to go to the classes, which thank god for that, they were probably very boring. Anyway, who cares about etiquette. I want to give Steve gifts and I’m giving him gifts now. They can be normal gifts while he can give me Courting gifts.”
Tony paused, glancing towards his tablet that he had placed on the arm of the couch. He continued, “I’ve got a second mission, which based on the blinking lights on my tablet, is going to have relevance to your visitor.”
Steve tilted his head, innocent. “Yeah, John. John Oliver. Dark hair, big dark eyes, witty and sarcastic, I can see why you might like him. He’s pretty cute. ”
Steve rubbed his forehead, tried to ignore the hollering people. Regardless of how seriously Tony was treating the ceremony, Steve was going to go all in. There were no other options here.
“I’m no madman. Know my name, I am Thanos and I’m inevitable,” Thanos says, holding up a remote control.
Steve rubbed the back of his neck. “You don’t have the same issue, I’m guessing. You probably weren’t surprised at all when you saw my application.”
Tony looked sceptical, but he waved his hand at Happy, letting the kiss go. “I’m surprised to see you here, M’Baku. I didn’t think you were interested.”
He logged onto the website with the credentials that had been sent to him. He had gotten his gifts ready and now was time for his interview. Despite the complaints aired, it made sense to Steve that there was a screening process since the number of people who wanted to court Tony was likely very, very high, and it wouldn’t be possible to let all of them into the ceremony. Not unless they wanted to host this at a stadium.
Steve realized that it was half an hour past the time they usually met up again. He was stiff with fear, not moving an inch from where he stood. His jaw was clenched against his worries, as he imagined a life empty of Tony’s presence at his desk, empty of Tony’s voice in his head.
And it also meant Tony could stay in his aquarium for longer hours and communicate with Steve through J.A.R.V.I.S. instead. A part of Steve felt a pang of loss at the idea, knowing that Tony wouldn’t need to be on his desk as often, that he wouldn’t see Tony holding his finger in his two little hands and hear his sharp commentary in his head anymore.
“And yet he was the one gatecrashing, so desperate to court an Omega he doesn’t want,” Tony said with a disparaging look, addressing the audience who gawked at the sudden little drama. Clapping his hands twice, Tony continued like nothing had happened, “Okay, next!”
“Good, I would have been offended if you were worried about that,” Tony said, clomping up to him in his red and gold armor, faceplate lifted so he could talk to Steve.
Tony’s mouth fell open as he stared and then snapped shut when he couldn’t seem to come up with anything to say. So Steve continued, all the while brushing a thumb against the corner of Tony’s lips, “I never thought I could have children when I was a scrawny, sickly Alpha. And after the serum, life took me down a different path, and children had never been part of what I wanted, not for a long time now. Tony, I want to be with you. That’s all that matters to me.”
. Really, no. It’s not about your size, Tony. I like you because you’re...you.” In Steve’s shock and confusion, that came out sounding weak and unconvincing for some reason. Steve was ready to write off the complete day with how badly he was messing this up.
The only reason why Steve didn’t jump straight to doing that was Tony’s restraining hand on his wrist. Tony leaned in, looking into Steve’s eyes.
He blinked once and found Steve on the lush carpeted floor, not even the bed. But it was fine because there were pillows and old clothing on the floor too, under their bodies. The whole room was his nest, filled up with comfortable, familiar things with both their scents. So he had Steve on his back, in their nest, and he was slowly pulling at Steve’s hard cock. It looked so wet and flushed, worked hard and ready to work harder.
Tony raised a hand, looking sincere when he said, “Hey, that’s not the important part here. This isn’t a competition for most expensive goods.” He winced a little at that, as if aware that most of the gifts were pretty ostentatious and splashy, belying his claim.
By the time they landed on the rooftop of the Avengers tower, Steve’s hair was a windblown mess and his cheeks were flushed from the experience. Steve wished he didn’t have to let go of Tony before realizing he didn’t have to, not this time. He dropped his arm from Tony’s shoulders but dragged his hand down the red and gold armor until he could twine his fingers with Tony’s gauntlet. The faceplate drew away in a retreat of shimmering nanites to reveal Tony’s wide-eyed stare, fixed on their joined hands.
Steve opened his mouth, shut it, and then opened his mouth again. He whispered, “I do a lot of zumba?”
The others had been watching a few feet away, the better to be entertained while avoiding Steve’s dangerous trampling feet.
By the time Steve stepped out of the shower stall, he was feeling distinctly waterlogged and not terribly calmed from his shower. He wiped the condensation off the mirror with a towel and stared into it.
“Mister Stone, I would suggest you shut the hell up.” Steve’s voice was hard, an unshakeable thread of vibranium in his tone.
He hauled Steve down by the back of his neck, kissing him voraciously, lips parted to drink him in and suck on his tongue lewdly. Oh, he could feel Steve’s smug smile against his own mouth and he didn’t care at all. Steve deserved to be completely smug, that fine specimen of an Alpha. When Steve continued down his shirt, popping each button off as he went with nimble fingers, Tony could only gasp and kiss him harder.
Fury turned his gaze back at Tony. “To get back on topic, you expect us to believe that you’ve been living around here all this time and you just approached Captain America because you noticed he was a good guy. Then you created a brand new identity, one so airtight S.H.I.E.L.D. can’t even expose it, in a way where we can’t find a single trace of you from prior to your appearance in Captain America’s life?”
“Why not?” Steve asked. “We’ve seen and done stranger things in our line of work. And since everyone is out trying to find Loki as soon as possible, you’re probably not going to stay this size for long. It’s your only chance at it, if you’re interested.”
Turning over to bury his face in his freshly laundered pillow, Tony groaned in embarrassment. He didn’t like it when Alphas were overly possessive and he had ended more than one fling when possessiveness had reared its head. But he had spent his entire heat saying that he belonged to Steve and repeatedly stating his claim on Steve. It was the most shameful hypocrisy.
“It wasn’t even a trick,” Tony said, not really wanting to continue harping on about the subject but was giving this whole open communication shtick a tentative shake. He didn’t want this to weigh on Steve at all, not one bit. “We were both under the influence of hormones and pheromones, talking to other people and watching each other. If we were a little jealous, then that just makes us painfully regular human beings.”
… The firm head of his cock kissed his hole, pushed gently against his open hole...and then rested there.
The crowd started to murmur in mild agitation but Tony just raised his hands again, signalling for their full attention.
“Look, I’m not sure if I can accept your gift when I don’t think you even understand what this is all about,” Tony said.
“I’m- I’m not,” Tony insisted, but he was also bending a little like he was trying to hide something.
Steve was standing there awkwardly, hand over half his eye because he thought that would convincingly portray a normal human being hurt. The pain was already fading with Steve’s superserum at work.
“Thank you. The gold cape is an interesting look with the black suit,” Steve said in an awkward compliment, gesturing at the shimmering gold cape attached to the shoulders of Vision’s black on black outfit. The cape fluttered even though there was no wind within the hall.
Then Steve remembered what was next in the box and froze. Tony paused as he peered into the box, before he lifted the last items with a sort of reverence that was better suited for a Rembrandt.
Steve juggled the large box, his house keys and his phone, until he could finally put them all down on his desk beside Tony and his tablet. Tony waved at Steve without looking up from the tablet.
Steve was out for his jog one day when he received a text message on his phone. He slowed down and took his phone out, checking what it said.
Tony’s face was turning red, a blush that spread across his cheeks and along his neck as well. Suddenly, Steve understood why Tony enjoyed giving him cheek kisses and watching him blush. There was a certain satisfaction to it. Lowering the bag, Steve finally turned around and started wading up towards the beach. Tony had sunk back into the bag, but his hand still clutched Steve’s thumb and he complained the whole way,
But everything looked normal. His eyes immediately went to Tony who was floating in his aquarium, waving at him jauntily and beaming. DUM-E and U were on the desk as usual, working away at something mechanical. Then Steve noticed the new addition on his desk. It wasn’t anything he had ever seen before. He stared at it, baffled.
So while everyone else was arguing while calling it strategizing, Bucky sat on the steps of the New York Sanctum, watching as Steve and Tony interacted.
Tony spent a lot of time pouring over his tablet, concentrating with a little frown on his face and sometimes worrying at his lower lip in thought. He wore the same expression when he was watching television and came across some human social etiquette that was just beyond his understanding. Applied to both wildly different scenarios, that expression was just so
There was a gust of wind as the domed ceiling opened. Lightning cracked through the night sky, followed by a loud rumble of thunder, and all of a sudden, Thor landed on the stage from above with resounding impact, his red cape swirling behind him. Happy almost fell off his feet, but Tony held on to his stool, keeping his balance through long practice. This wasn’t the first time he'd experienced Thor’s dramatic entrances.
Tony’s dossier said all kinds of things about Iron Man, but it hadn’t said that Tony had somehow managed to put together a portable Iron Man suit, compact enough to fit into a suitcase and with some kind of auto suiting up capability. Tony was putting all this to good use now, the armor unfolding quickly from the suitcase.
Steve got out after her and stared wide-eyed at the elaborate grand entrance of Tony Stark’s Courting Ceremony. There was red carpet laid out on the steps leading up to the entrance of the wide building that seemed to have been erected just for the ceremony. On each side of the red carpet were pillars made out of thick metal rods weaved together to support beautiful blue globes at the top. Men and women in black suits stood at the end of the red carpet by the large arched doors, greeting the guests and scanning invitations.
And Tony was used to being the center of attention. He was Tony fucking Stark. His fame preceded him and it wasn’t unusual to have people pointing, staring, asking for his photograph or autograph when he went anywhere public. So when he had his heat, it was just more of the same except it was stupider because it wasn’t even for anything he did. It was just because of something nature had bestowed upon him, for better or worse.
“It is the Asgardian way of apology,” Thor said, with a grin. With that, he leapt off the stage and disappeared into the crowd. If he had exited closer to their group, they would have probably called to him. All the better that he didn’t, since Steve might not have been able to tamp down the urge to fight him.
Reflecting on the events of the past couple hours, Steve thought that Loki’s magical shenanigans weren’t so bad this time round. Whatever Loki’s intentions, it was kind of nice to get Tony as his very own Christmas present this year.
“That disqualifies almost anything if we’re going by your standards of crazy,” Steve acknowledged, shaking his head with a small laugh.
He wanted it to be perfect. He needed it to be the best demonstration of sincere interest that Tony had ever received.
Except unlike other mornings, something woke him from his usual warm drowse on the rocks. A light touch brushed against his cheek. He leaned away from it and cracked open an eye, expecting to see a crab scuttling away.
Clearly the situation was getting the better of him. Steve cupped his right hand, forefinger and middle finger brushing against Tony’s shoulder and working as a reminder to Tony that he lay in the middle of Steve’s palm. The reminder was well-received if the way Tony thrust frantically forward was any indicator. Starting out slowly, Steve worked the cone-shaped end of the pen in and out of Tony’s body. Tony braced himself against Steve’s hand, keeping his legs apart and arching his back to receive the thrusts of the pen more directly. It was fascinating, to see that pen work in and out of Tony’s small body, to watch the way that small butt bounced as Tony started to fuck himself against the pen and Steve’s hand in earnest.
So without much further thought, Steve tentatively stuck out his index finger towards the small being.
Steve was still struggling not to combust with embarrassment as he watched Tony reached up and touch the glowing disc in his chest. Tony closed his eyes, a tiny furrow appearing on his brow. That was when Steve realized that it was usually a glowing circle on Tony’s chest, not an entire glowing disc. When did the disc replace the circle?
“I’m taking that as a tentative ‘yes’,” Tony said, nanites pouring out from beneath his jacket to form his armor.
“Okay,” Steve said with a slightly shaky voice before pulling away. He murmured, “I better get changed.”
Oh, damnit. All the clues came together in the back of his mind and in three long strides, Steve was at the workbench. He ripped open the delicate wrapping paper and gently, lifted the lid of the box.
“I figured it was time you had your dance and that maybe I could teach you a few moves,” Tony said blithely.
He had barely finished the sentence before he found a knee shoving against his thigh and he was suddenly flipped over so that he was on his back, Tony sitting astride him instead. Tony’s eyes were hooded. “I know what you’re doing,” Tony muttered.
Steve tugged his hand free of Tony’s gentle hold and shook his head. “No, no, I’m really fine. Sorry for the confusion. Your head of security looks like he’s looking for you, you might want to talk to him.”
“Before we agree to a formal courtship, it’s important that we talk about what we expect from this relationship,” Tony said a little stiffly, like he knew these were the right words to say but wasn’t used to saying them.
It was a little bit surprising, not because Tony was an Omega and should have some inner instinct for caretaking and homemaking, which was a lot of nonsense. In many ways, Tony didn’t at all fit the usual Omega stereotypes, which was understandable because Steve had never met a single Omega who conformed to all the stereotypes.
Slowly, the Avengers team made their way onto the pages. There was a sketch of Nat’s profile as she looked out the window, cradling a mug. Some were just random parts of people, like a sketch of Thor’s braids and how his hair fell, or Clint’s forearm in a new brace he was wearing.
Tony sighed and pulled away a little. He looked down at the two arc reactors Steve was wearing on a chain around his neck. They were large and a little unwieldy on a chain, but they would serve their purpose.
In a blink, they went from cute fluffy animals sitting next to each other, eyeing Doctor Strange warily, to fully clothed Steve Rogers and Tony Stark sitting next to each other, eyeing Doctor Strange warily. There didn’t seem to be any transition in between. One second they were furry and adorable, the next they were less furry and a lot taller, all human again.
“Even if he wasn’t, Tony would just bug him until he did,” Clint called out from the co-pilot’s seat up front.
And so, even though Steve didn’t want to do anything but maybe crawl back into the shower stall and drown himself, he went outside to face Bucky.
Tony’s mouth fell open, breaking their gaze to stare down at where his collar was parted, button no longer even on the bed. It was a casual display of complete control over his strength.
Maybe this was a good thing. He wasn’t very good with words anyway, Steve thought with some hysteria.
Steve said, a little quietly, “I know that people don’t wear courtship bracelets during courtships these days, that it’s considered old-fashioned, and if the courtship doesn’t work out, both parties can just drift apart without any overt symbolism to break off the courtship. But I didn’t want any misunderstandings, Tony. I’m serious about this. This isn’t casual dating while we both sort out how we feel. I already know what I want. I’m courting you, and I hope, one day, you’ll agree to bond with me.”
So there was no conceivable reason why Tony was so put out by Steve’s lack of attention. He didn’t want Steve to fawn over him. It said something good about Steve that he always paid close attention to Tony, regardless of what Tony’s body was doing at that point in time. Heat didn’t change that. It wasn’t like Steve was neglecting him or anything. Just last night, Steve had come to sleep downstairs in the workshop because he said he missed Tony while Tony was caught up in a project, which had resulted in some lovely benchtop sex and an impromptu nest on the floor.
Raising a hand placatingly, Tony said, “They all still apply. Look, I’m just… We just need to talk. We couldn’t really talk much, not when we were surrounded by so many people. And if this is going to be serious, we need to talk about a couple things.”
The minutes ticked by and Steve found himself rooted to the spot, anxiety pumping through his veins as he waited and waited.
“I know you want to,” Tony said, oozing confidence as he propped himself up on his elbows as if to put the expanse of his now-miniature body on display.
Holding his hands up, Sam said, “In my defence...I really wanted Redwing to be able to shoot lasers.”
The rest of the masquerade and dance portion of the evening passed in a daze. Steve didn’t suddenly dance any better, but he did feel like he was floating on cloud nine, and he was no longer stressed about how awkwardly he was dancing or whether he stepped on anyone’s feet. He just didn’t care if he danced badly or stepped on anyone really.
Bucky raised his eyebrows and leaned closer to sniff the earrings too. He fell back against his chair and started laughing. Steve turned his disappointed gaze to Sam instead. “
It was good Steve still had his mask on because his wide, almost manic grin might have scared off a few people.
Tony did make a joke about slinky leather catsuits that superheroes and villains always wore in the movies and how come no one in real life did that. Maybe Steve should get a slinky leather catsuit, with a plunging neckline to show off his muscles, and present himself in it as a present for Tony…
With the failed attempt at snooping, Steve was relegated back to sitting tight and maintaining his cover while Nat stepped up her attempt to figure out what was going on with Tony.
He imagined...an empty life, devoid of Tony’s snarky comments and bright smile and endless enthusiasm and shining brilliance.
“I could fill out the tub so that it’s full and prop my phone on the edge of the tub?” Steve offered.
“So the alien was some kind of sorcerer as well and he did this to them?” Bucky asked, for the third time.
On one hand, why didn’t Tony ever say anything to him? On the other hand, Steve never said anything either. He knew why he hadn’t, had been enjoying the feeling of someone who didn’t treat him like Captain America rather than just regular Steve Rogers. He didn’t think Tony would treat him any differently if Steve had told him he was a supersoldier from a science experiment in the 40s and had been frozen in the ice for decades, that Tony was probably learning about the modern world at greater speed than Steve had been. But at the same time, he had been reluctant to broach the subject, to change their status quo.
In between thoughts of Tony and what all this meant, Steve clapped and cheered at some of the amazing magic tricks on stage. They went in for more food and drinks again much later in the night, Steve contributing nothing whatsoever to the conversation going on because his mind just kept replaying every sentence he had exchanged with Tony, examining every word from every angle.
Tony was an independent Omega who didn’t buy into all the stereotypical nonsense perpetuated by the mass media when it came to Omegas.
Steve blinked. His language... He didn’t know why he hadn’t ever considered how Tony spoke and read english. It didn’t make sense that an underwater race of people would also speak english. Although there had been a lot going on that first day so Steve had been understandably distracted.
Steve stared up at Tony’s face in rapt attention, his whole body completely still as he hoped with every fiber of his being that this would be the start of something new with Tony.
Steve had never let anyone look through his sketchbooks. They had been the source of Tony’s intense curiosity but Tony had never pushed either, seeming to recognize how private they would be.
Bucky thought this would be the end of Steve and Tony’s strangeness, and that Steve would go back to moping over Tony while not doing a single damn thing over it.
“Like what?” Steve asked just to be irritating because it wasn’t fair that they hadn’t even started yet, had maybe just found themselves to be on the same page, but Tony was already looking at Steve like he was saying goodbye.
“I’m very worried, Captain, and the longer I stand out here, the more worried I get. Along with the rest of S.H.I.E.L.D.,” Fury said in a biting tone. The message was delivered loud and clear. He had S.H.I.E.L.D. agents out there, ready to move in. Something had pinged their radar hard enough to have them worried.
“So forget all about it,” Bucky said, shaking Steve by the shoulders. “Where’s the strategizing Captain we usually follow? Play to your strengths, compensate for your weaknesses. What you need to do now is observe your competition and be better than they are at whatever they’re trying to sell up there. The first step is getting your gift accepted.
Then he felt it, from the throes of his orgasm, he realized it wasn’t just his imagination that Steve felt bigger in him. Steve felt bigger, because Steve was getting bigger as Tony’s body squeezed rhythmically around his cock, as biology took over and Tony’s body coaxed Steve’s knot into swelling existence.
Tony grabbed the second knuckle of Steve’s finger for leverage and rubbed himself harder against Steve. “I— There’s something about being this size, sitting in your hand. I’m entirely at your mercy. You could do anything you want to me.”
But thoughts on D.E.R.P. weren’t enough to occupy Steve’s mind and soon, his gaze drifted up to the land mass still miles away, just a small blotch against the blue seas.
Tony’s head was still bent over the sketchbooks, his face unreadable as he leafed through the second book. Steve wondered what the headlines would say if he passed out on stage.
“Yep, it was the only way out I could think of back then. This was before I was considerably more resourceful and also before I learned creative ways to say ‘no’,” Tony said with a shrug. “I didn’t enjoy putting the photos out there and I had to make sure that only I could be identified in the photos, no one else, so that I didn’t end up ruining everyone else’s reputation too. But it worked. Once the photos were out there, it was so scandalous that Howard was forced to cancel the Courting Ceremony to let all the furor die down. Ty had to publicly renounce me and play the part of the injured Alpha to save face.”
Then he remembered something and on another impulse, he leaned forward and very, very carefully and lightly touched his lips to the side of Tony’s face. He pulled back quickly, not wanting to disturb Tony overly much.
In a moment of great daring, Steve drew Tony closer until they were pressed chest-to-chest and asked softly, “Does that mean I know who you’ll pick at the end of the ceremony?”
Finally the town is in sight and they both hurry their pace, drawn by the tantalizing promise of air conditioning and civilization. Tony spots a convenience store and very nearly whoops with delight, jogging towards it with Steve right behind him.
“There’s maybe two bouquets in this whole room,” Steve pointed out with a laugh. “It’s okay to feel moved by their wedding ceremony, Tony. It was very sweet. I’ve got a handkerchief if you want to cry a little more.”
That had Steve finally propping himself up on one elbow so he could look at Tony directly instead of lying twisted in bed like he was trying to hide while still facing his doom. “You mean…” he started slowly, with a small frown that gradually smoothed away into a small smile instead as he continued, “—you didn’t come straight away when Kenny was talking to me. You kept talking to the two Alphas to see if I would go over to you instead.”
“They’re stubborn jackasses constantly picking fights. Reminds me of someone,” Bucky replied solemnly.
Steve blocks Thanos’ attempt to escape the repulsor blasts, falling into easy rhythm with Tony, like they always do on and off the battlefield these days. They corner Thanos against his own car as Thor arrives with a thunderous boom.
Tony said with quiet wonder in his voice, running a hand over Steve’s scales on his hip. Steve shivered, surprised at how sensitive his scales were and how he perceived the touch differently, feeling a tingling sensation even before Tony’s hand came in contact with his scales.
“As for you, Alexandre, you obviously went to school in America. What is with the fake accent? That’s just embarrassing. And I’ve no interest in someone who squeezes the asses of the serving staff just because they think they’re in the position to get away with disgusting behavior like that.”
“Tony is holding a Courting Ceremony,” Steve said, his voice coming out strangely flat. He didn’t recognize his own tone, his mind too roiled up to pay attention to what he was actually saying.
Natasha looked speculatively at them both but it was Sam who said, “You didn’t have to. This is clearly a sex thing that you’re both enjoying and thinking about.”
Steve finally turned to see the audience, captivated by the two of them. He could already see people with phones and cameras out, taking photos and videos. At least they would definitely have this moment commemorated, probably from multiple angles. Ducking his head a little, Steve gave an awkward wave of his hand.
Now he was recalling that the article he read was about the mysterious developer taking the world by storm.
Steve would protest except Sam was right, he had no idea what Dollar Tree was. For the most part, Steve was very well-versed with the modern world, but there were some minor references that he didn’t get. From context, Dollar Tree was probably a place where he could buy gifts for cheap. Either that, or it was a tree consisting of dollars. He would find out through Google later.
Tony frowned. “Why? I never had to wear clothes before. Although it’s interesting to have a penis hanging outside instead of protected within my scales.”
There was a cold spike driven up Tony’s stomach at that name, at the memory of lustrous dark hair and an unlined, perfectly symmetrical face, with a smiling generous mouth.
Now it was Tony’s turn to frown. “Your fault? No, Steve, it isn’t. I’m just being petty here, leave me a moment of pettiness.”
After the sudden revelation that Tony needed something from the desk otherwise he would have a heart attack, Steve was wary of anymore important requests or questions. “What is it?”
Alexandre and Vicente had approached Tony no less than four times within that half an hour. Every time he broke away to talk to someone else, they would inevitably come over and edge their way into the conversation. Tony couldn’t figure out if they were possibly in some sort of pact and were angling for a threesome with him, or if they were competing for his attention and their individual presence was egging each other on.
Steve had no idea when it happened but Tony was in his lap and their arms were twined around each other, grappling at backs and pulling closer, closer. Nothing was ever going to be close enough, Steve thought in almost delirious panic as he kissed and kissed Tony, let himself be kissed and kissed in turn, desperate for this to never end.
“I’m already on the bed,” Steve said, because he couldn’t help teasing as he gestured at where he was sitting at the foot of the bed.
Steve smiled and there was nothing remotely friendly in that expression. “If it wouldn’t annoy Tony, I would have broken your nose already for what you’ve said here.” He looked back at Tony and that hard gaze brightened in amusement. “But he doesn’t need me to defend him.”
Tony stared at him in incomprehension for almost a full minute. Then he suddenly propped himself up on an elbow and poked at Steve’s bicep. “You mean you purposefully made me jealous so I would go over to you straight away?”
When all the palladium poisoning had been cleared up, when Vanko and Hammer had been locked away, Steve opened his apartment door to Tony standing on the other side of it.
“And fifth, if there was a dastardly plan of some sort here, you would know about it. You’re an Avenger too,” Steve insisted.
Steve fished out the plastic bag indicated, which was a see-through plastic about twice Tony’s size. At the bottom of the bag, there lay five large pearls, lustrous white and perfectly round, each larger than Steve’s thumb. Tony was absurdly trusting to show this to the first human he talked to.
Steve snorted, not even bothering to hide his disbelieving reaction. “You don’t know Colonel Rhodes very well if you expect us to believe that.”
Natasha said with a raised eyebrow as she cut into her strawberries and cream cheese crepe, “You’re telling us that we won’t see you sharing plates within the year?”
Steve rubbed a hand over his face, not sure where to start. He said, his voice quiet, “I don’t know what I have to offer him, Bucky. All the Captain America stuff? That’s the serum. I’m just a nobody from Brooklyn, with nothing good to offer and no money to my name. All I know how to do is fight which I’ve demonstrated by fighting
At this point, Bucky and Sam laughed so hard that they almost spilled popcorn across the pristine floor, and all three of them got shooed out of the store as a result.
“That’s why you opened it up to everyone earlier, allowed courtship of other people at your ceremony,” Steve said with dawning realization. “Were you trying to set me up with someone?” Steve asked abruptly, trying to process all of this.
And Steve finally understood why Tony was so antsy, why he looked at Steve with those sad brown eyes. He didn’t expect Steve to stay with him once he knew Tony was too old to be reproducing.
“I can’t believe...we tried to pull the same trick on each other,” Steve continued, his shoulders shaking with laughter now.
“You’ve been smelling like you’re about to go into heat right here and right now, it’s actually distracting everyone. Which isn’t bad for negotiations per se, but to be honest, you really shouldn’t have been here in the first place. If it wasn’t so important for us to present a united front, I would have said you were crazy for insisting on coming,” Natasha pointed out. Then she looked over his shoulder. “And I think you must have said something pretty horrible to those Alpha dickheads from how pale they look. A once-off is fine, but we need more diplomacy for the rest of the talks.”
Steve pulled Tony into a hug, pushing his luck and willing to accept a bite from Amber if it meant he got to hold Tony in this moment. “You’re okay,” Steve said, more to reassure himself than Tony.
“I’m not going to do anything stupid. Tony just made an announcement that he’s going to do a live publicized Courting Ceremony.”
How had Steve never noticed that Tony was the most gorgeous person Steve had ever met before? His deep brown eyes were lined with thick dark lashes, a razor sharp goatee styled to perfection around soft pink lips. Without product, his hair was fluffed up and messy, but if it had been styled, Steve could easily picture Tony as one of those handsome debonairs, even better looking than Cary Grant, with the kind of timeless handsomeness that stole Steve’s breath away.
Then he clenched his left hand around his cock and pumped in earnest, hips pushing up to fuck into his own grip as his cock shot out a rush of hot wet come. A lot of the come fell onto Tony, splattering almost his entire body and the rest of Steve’s hand. Even through his haze of pleasure, Steve noticed when Tony plopped back down onto his backside with a gasp, surprised to be covered in come. Steve could only stare with a rather befuddled fascination as he breathed heavily and tried to calm his body down after the force of his orgasm.
“The light doesn’t bother me,” Steve said, eyes trained on the arc reactor. He finally looked up, wonderment on his face. “It’s beautiful. Everything about you is beautiful.”
“That sounds like too much. My favorite Courting gifts were personally made. And it used to be traditional to receive it anonymously,” Wanda said, a little dreamily.
Steve bent his head, coming closer, and Tony lifted up, lips parting for a kiss. But at the last moment, Steve touched the tip of his nose to Tony’s cheekbone instead. He breathed in, deep and slow, before drawing his nose down Tony’s cheek, down to the edge of his jaw. Steve traced Tony’s jawline, breathing in steadily the whole while, scenting him as he went.
There was a collective gasp that broke out across the crowd, but Steve paid that no attention at all. He was grinning when he placed his hand in Tony’s, letting Tony give him a boost up onto the stage. But Steve felt so light that he thought he could float right up without exerting any strength whatsoever. He stood there, holding Tony’s hand and staring into his dancing brown eyes.
Bucky looked at his palm covered in dog drool and wiped it on his pants while making a face. “Thanks, Steve.” What a punk.
“Get away, quick, try to find another exit,” Steve directed the people he was in line with at the cafe. “All of you, go! Head to the back.”
Steve’s eyes snapped back up to see Tony’s dark brown eyes, staring right at him. Oh god, he had been caught staring.
Sighing, Rhodes said, “Because he still can’t wrap his mind around you getting up on that stage and proposing to court him. And then showing him all your sketchbooks. You never let everyone flip through your sketchbooks, and you gave them all to him.”
Steve watched as Amber ambled up to Tony on his workbench and laid her head on his forearm. Without looking away from the holograms in front of him, Tony rubbed behind the back of Amber’s neck frills. Steve could have sworn her golden eyes slid towards him and slit with smug satisfaction.
“I could sell the mud-wrestling photos for a mint if I really wanted,” Tony said with a cheeky grin.
Tony looked at him, looked at the only office door on this whole floor, and looked back at Steve. “How did you get lost?”
,” Tony said with a huff before continuing. “Anyway, three days before the Courting Ceremony,  I caught Ty with another Omega. Apparently, it had been going on for some time as well. Oh, the bullshit he spewed to try to make it my fault… I grew a spine and tried to cancel my Courting Ceremony, but Obie was persuasive. He kept pushing for Howard to go ahead with it, insisted that it was only proper, that this was how old money did things. I don’t know if you ever knew this, but Howard isn’t from a rich family; he built his empire from the ground up and, ironically, was ashamed of it. He pretended to be born rich all the time and cared a lot about behaving like old money.”
Tony was clearly a curious cat, sticking to the walls as he sniffed and investigated the hall. He got on his hind legs to sniff at a stand holding a small urn, tail arched up behind him like a question mark. Much to Bucky’s surprise, Tony suddenly leapt up onto the stand, precariously balanced with the little space available on it. He bent his head to sniff at the little urn when Steve suddenly started barking loudly, his loud deep ‘woofs’ echoing in the hall. Tony looked like he was going to ignore him, but Steve padded nearer to the stand and barked more urgently.
Tony said, lifting his hand away to tap at the glowing circle set in his chest. Then he put his hand back on Steve’s.
The application process had been unusual as well, especially since Courting Ceremonies didn’t tend to include actual applications. Steve had to fill in a long online form with his personal details, preferences, likes and dislikes, hobbies, a description of his Courting gift, and even a positive reference from someone in his personal life. He had thought about it long and hard, and gotten a reference from Natasha. She was a mutual friend, and the team had frequently relied on her unsurpassed skills to read people, which made her a perfect character reference.
Sure, Tony did this all the time, not just with Steve. They all did, because they were a team and friends and they watched out for each other.
“What the hell, Rogers?” Sam asked in surprise. But he didn’t shake off Steve and Steve also made no signal that he was going to move for a good long while.
And that was how they were together as well. Sometimes, they would move with perfect synchronicity, and then one or both of them would purposefully break that seamless rhythm like a violin’s bowstring snapped in the middle of an exquisite tune. It was like neither of them could let things lie sometimes, couldn’t help but poke and prod at each other.
Without warning, Tony pressed forward until the whole of Steve’s length was embedded in his throat. Then he hummed, deep in his throat, a low vibration that had Steve jerking in his grasp. He followed that up by swallowing repeatedly, quickly, contracting his throat around that hard length unceasingly until Steve shook and jerked and cried out as he came in a shivering flood, his cock pulsing as he poured out spurt after spurt of come. Tony swallowed all of it, as much as he could before pulling back and letting the last few slowing spurts of come splash onto his cheek and his neck instead. Steve let out a weak moan at the sight, at how Tony leaned in and rubbed his cheek against the head of Steve’s dribbling cock.
Steve rolled his eyes and walked to the side of the stage where everyone seemed to be entering from. Since he was quite near to the front, there wasn’t far to go. A man with an earpiece on, marking him as security, gestured him to stand in line. There were two more people in front of him, one visibly nervous while the other looked cocksure. They were standing close enough for Steve to make out their scents, no longer muted by the neutral spring water scent sprayed throughout the venue. The one who was visibly nervous was wearing scent-blockers so it was strange to look at him fidgeting so much but only be left with a sterilely clean impression. Meanwhile, the other suitor was practically drenched in Alpha-enhancing pheromones. He smelled like ten Alphas concentrated into one human. It was off-putting and strange to say the least.
Tony rolled over onto his back, drawing Steve’s eyes to his semi-hard cock and parted thighs covered in smears of come, and demanded, “Come on me.”
“You’re right. Usually I would hate it. I’m sorry, Steve, I don’t know what’s wrong with me,” Tony said, shaking his head. “I just felt...so angry. And like you didn’t care. That you weren’t interested in me.”
The next few suitors were not as dramatic, but Steve’s eyes remained glued to them, taking in everything they were doing, analyzing their gifts, ranking them in terms of threat. He only startled out of his complete focus when he felt his wrist vibrate. Steve looked down and realized the vibration was coming from the black band around his wrist, the one they had put on him at the entrance. He brought it up and saw the words, ‘Come to the stage’ scrolling along the smooth face of the bracelet.
Then Steve looked at Tony and Tony hissed under his breath, before coughing and straightening. “I’ve got to...go wash my hair,” Tony announced before making a beeline for the Sanctum’s front door.
“Yours, of course, yours,” Steve gasped, touching Tony’s hands where they were squeezing around Steve’s cock. “Everything is yours. I’m yours. Kevin is no one, Tony. I’m yours.”
This was where Steve had cheated somewhat, and he held his breath, wondering if Tony would decline the gift like he did with the man who had given him multiple cars. But Tony had accepted a whole chest full of antique books and a basket of various pastries and bread earlier too so maybe this would pass muster?
Steve blinked, confused. He opened his mouth and shut it again. Then he realized that Tony couldn’t see his reaction and finally tried, “What...what does that have to do with your Courting Ceremony?”
“Alright, fine, an Omega can tell when he’s not wanted,” Tony said with a smile, trying to look flippant.
Steve shifted from foot to foot which made his lovely cock bob. “You like my cock, why should I be embarrassed about that. But...you fantasized about me? What...what did you fantasize about?”
“You looked over the car before we left.” Steve gestures a hand to the exposed engine, “and you said it was in perfect condition.”
Steve couldn’t resist the invitation. He started to fuck into Tony’s mouth and Tony moaned with delight, felt himself leak even more, from behind and from his own throbbing cock, at the feel of Steve’s erection thrusting repeatedy into him. The entire length filled him, precome and saliva dribbling out of the corner of Tony’s mouth. He was a right mess and he loved it.
Steve cuts him off with a punch to the jaw. Surprisingly, Thanos takes the blow without flinching and punches back with inhuman speed. But Thanos’ fist collides instead with the energy shield that flares into existence from Steve’s metal wristband.
They looked at each other, trying to gauge the unspoken words between them, until suddenly Happy’s loud and obnoxious throat-clearing broke them out of their mutual reverie.
But Tony only shrugged again, using his left hand to scoop his food up to his mouth. With the 3D printer or his own fabrication unit, Tony could easily make little utensils to match his size. But merpeople didn’t eat with utensils and Tony didn’t seem to see a good reason for him to start now.
Kenny wasn’t an actual threat to their relationship. He had seen Steve around young, beautiful, interested Omegas all the time, and Tony knew that wasn’t enough to attract Steve’s attention. He could recall Steve’s face now from three days ago, seen in the cold light of day without the haze of heat clouding his judgement. Steve had looked polite but disinterested when talking to Kenny. He had been wearing his smile-for-the-Press expression, not anything like the soft, genuine feelings on his face, directed at Tony right now.
“You’re up next, birdbrain. I need to rest my little toe,” Bucky called out and gestured at a guy with a red mask, presumably Sam.
It was making the back of Steve’s neck heat up. He ignored it to mumble, “It’s okay, I’m used to it.”
“What’s going on in your head?” Bucky asked, arms crossed, and looking annoyed. He hadn’t yet showered or changed into his own formal wear.
Smiling, Steve leaned forward and kissed Tony, cutting off any further teasing. Tony rather liked Steve’s new methods of persuasion.
It had been two days since Rhodes had arrived and Steve and Tony’s interactions had evolved to be even stranger in Bucky’s opinion. Rhodes had wandered by and stopped to join Bucky in his contemplation of Steve and Tony. Bucky was still Steve and Tony’s primary babysitter so he had been the one most exposed to their strangeness.
Steve could smell the faintest waft of his own scent from Tony’s wrist, and he couldn’t help but pick up Tony’s hand and touch the bracelet on that wrist. Giving in to the overwhelming urge, Steve lifted Tony’s wrist to his face, drawing his nose over the skin the bracelet rested against. It was Steve’s more earthy smell mixed in with Tony’s metallic one.
Maybe it was being surrounded by people ogling Tony’s bare arms or the fact that every inch of the place was covered in glitz and glamor. But something about the whole affair shook Steve out of his daze over Tony’s outfit. Instead, looking around at the crowded arena, he felt sad and more than a little out of place. A Courting Ceremony should be a joyous, exciting affair. It should be a celebration, an invitation to interested parties. But this whole ceremony was so loud and in your face that it was as clear as day to Steve that Tony wasn’t taking any of it seriously. This wasn’t a side of Tony he saw on a regular basis anymore. This was the Tony he saw on television, at media circuits, with his false smiles and ostentatious entrances.
Tilting his head, Steve said, “What if I want to talk about it?” Then, he moved his finger and placed it upright between Tony’s legs, pressing forward very slightly to touch against the fabric of Tony’s pants.
Tony’s dark eyes widened, before he blinked once, twice. Then he looked away to the side, fidgeting with the lip of the plastic bag as he said with false nonchalance,
Steve knew Tony was deflecting, but he decided to let it go. 78% confidence was higher than some of the risks Steve had taken in his life.
Why did it not surprise Bucky at all that they were both still bickering in the face of an alien invasion? Bucky had told Steve a dozen times over to stop moping around the planet while gazing longingly at newsfeeds of Tony, and just call the guy up already. Clear the air, sort things out over the phone. But no, Steve was all, “You don’t understand, Bucky. It isn’t so simple, Bucky. And oh, isn’t Tony so handsome, I hope he’s getting enough sleep, blah blah blah.”
Coaster made the comment that there's going to be so much speculation in the news and by the public as to the content of the sketchbooks that Tony stared at for so long. Heh, too true!
Steve frowned. “Um, well, I usually do some drawing at this time of the day and I sit in the living room.”
Steve immediately pulled the glass away, tipping it upright again. There was the salty tang of seawater on his lips, but he hadn’t drank any. And he certainly hadn’t drank Tony. That would have been impossible, Tony wasn’t small enough to accidentally be drunk down.
Finally, Steve asked a little curiously, “What are you working on now? It seems to be getting intense.”
He said that, but Tony was a genius with highly attuned observational skills, especially when it came to a certain Alpha. Steve was always in a better mood if his blood sugar was kept at an even keel.
When a few security personnel started making their way towards him, the man reluctantly stepped away with a disgruntled frown.
The entire place was wrecked. What had been Tony’s gorgeous living room was now almost entirely destroyed. The only positive was that the guests had fled Tony’s birthday party so there had been no civilian casualties. The major downside was that Steve was standing there, surrounded by six mostly destroyed robots. One of the robots had been personally piloted by Ivan Vanko, the guy who had attacked S.I.’s lobby and was supposed to be locked up. Steve had found that out after he had accidentally ripped the guy’s helmet off during combat. The other robots were definitely remotely piloted, Steve knew because most of them were missing parts after he had been done with them.
Pursing his lips, Tony looked up at him from beneath his lashes, as if gauging whether he should continue. When Steve just looked at him pointedly, Tony relented.
Suddenly, it was like his head cleared. He could breathe again, could look around and recognize his bedroom. Their bedroom.
Steve let out a guttural cry and suddenly, his hands were hot brands against Tony’s hipbones and there, finally,
Tony sighs happily and Steve shoots him an amused look before moving towards the counter. Tony leaves him to it and heads to the back, rooting around the refrigerated drinks. It’s delightfully cold and he leaves the fridge door open a bit too long.
M’Baku waved a hand languorously and his attendants brought out a lush, deep gold fur rug with dark spots running through it. “Our people have a way of obtaining fur with no harm to the animals. This will bring out the depths of your eyes beautifully.”
But it was like Steve was determined to shoulder the blame for the whole thing. He looked very guilty all of a sudden.
Steve cleared his throat and continued, “My gift, I mean. They’re all things I’ve made. That’s the—” he struggled to remember what Tony had said then it clicked, “—the theme.”
Tony huffed out a laugh. “I’ve designed every one of your skintight uniforms, I could recognize you anywhere, in anything, from any angle.”
“I would be honored,” Steve said with a smile of his own, drawing a beaming Tony close for another kiss, this one slower, with a tease of tongue and parted lips which had Tony groaning and clutching at his shoulders.
Tossing the red briefs to the side, Steve placed his hands on Tony’s hips, framing the arched cock on display, thumbs nudging at the base of Tony’s desperate erection. With strange reverence, Steve bent down and pressed a soft kiss to the head of Tony’s arousal. He rested his petal-soft lips there for a moment, against the flushed wet tip as Tony panted, rested until a bead of precome dripped out to annoint his lower lip. His tongue darted out to lick it up and Tony arched in his grip, unable to help himself even though he was pinned down by Steve’s heavy hands.
Tony leaned into Steve’s hold and was going to say something suitably flirty back when he caught sight of the last person he ever expected to see at Rhodey’s wedding.
So it was with sad, longing eyes that Tony watched the dragons open up a portal in the middle of the carpark and trooped through. It was almost enough for Steve to try to negotiate for them to keep a dragon after all. He was always much too weak against Tony’s sad, dark eyes. But when he turned to Doctor Strange, he was pinned with a hard stare and a slight head-shake. So, that was a ‘no’ even before Steve asked his question, which did rather save time.
The traditional Omega outfits at Courting Ceremonies tended to have a lot of sheer loose fabric and bared skin, swishing tantalizingly when they moved. These days, people tended towards more modern outfits, and how revealing they were varied significantly. In Tony’s case, he had gone for a modern look, sharp and bespoke, but with a Tony Stark twist that oozed sex appeal.
“Uhh, were Courting Ceremonies different back then? You, uh, do know what this is for? The intention right?” Tony said, unusually incoherent.
Steve can’t help but snort a laugh, closing the hood of the car while Tony slides down to sit on the asphalt.
Steve’s jaw fell open a little and Tony really was gone on him to find that befuddled expression so adorable. Smiling, Tony explained, “I was in love with Ty, once upon a time, and I was with him even though he was utterly shit to me. Rhodey hated him so much, but I thought it was just two Alphas, hormonally incompatible. I know, I know, very prejudiced of me, believing in those nonsense stereotypes.”
With so many potential witnesses still around, Steve couldn’t possibly take the guy down with a single roundhouse kick. He tried to make it look instead like he had recklessly flung himself at the attacker and was trying to grapple with him. Between their bodies, no one could see him rabbit punch the pack on the guy’s torso, hoping to disable it since Steve was sure the whips were connected to it somehow. The guy tried to bring his whip down on him, but Steve grabbed his wrist, squeezing it. Whip Guy’s eyes widened as his bones ground together, and he released the whip in his hand.
clothing — and the collar was wide enough on him to show the tantalising glimpse of collarbones and one shapely shoulder.
They had developed a routine now, with Tony and Steve working at the desk in the afternoons, with the bots wheeling around the desk carrying out Tony’s orders. Steve would usually take some time to draw all of them, and sometimes he would just gaze upon the little tableau with a fond smile.
Steve took a few deep steadying breaths, telling himself that he had to stop staring at Tony like a feral Alpha. He forced his attention back onto what Tony was doing.
Tony cleared his throat again, looking a little flustered. “I do. I mean, yes, same. We’re on the same page on that. And then there’s how we’re currently living in different cities, but I think that’s fine, I can relocate any time, if you’re fine with me joining your Avengers team.”
“Look, I might think most Courting Ceremonies are no longer sincere and consists of antiquated practices better left in the past, but I’ve still attended a lot of them. Everyone has attended a lot of them. It’s part of growing up and part of life,” Tony said, sounding a little agitated. “Everyone should have ridiculous Courting Ceremony memories to talk about and reminisce over, even if it’s just to say that you’ll never attend one of those crazy parties ever again. And the modern day version has so much going on, I can’t believe you haven’t attended any before.”
“And finally, at two in the morning, I’ll announce who wins. Yes, two, because that’s the kind of lifestyle I lead. What was that? Oh, sorry, Pepper,” Tony looked aside to someone off-stage before looking forward again with a careless shrug. “Apparently I’m not supposed to behave like this is a competition because there are no winners, just the person most compatible with me. Which is ridiculous. Of course this is a competition! And the winner of the competition will win…
Tony felt achy in every muscle of his body, a product of a sex marathon that lasted more than three days. But it was a satisfying ache, leaving his body brimming with languorous lassitude. He knew the only reason why he felt so good was because Steve was a considerate lover and also had ensured Tony had kept hydrated and fed throughout the experience. In the past, there had been some heats where Tony had woken up with a pounding migraine and starving, body desperate for water and food. But Steve had made sure that didn’t happen.
As I wrote this, I kept wondering, "Am I doing this right??" as I'm unfamiliar with the kink, but hopefully, it reads okay! :)
Tony had managed to hide behind a wide pillar and the bulky briefcase he had been holding earlier was open on the floor beside him.
He realized the only person who could have sent him that message was the same person who was coordinating everything digital and electronic in the room, the same person who had vetted him and found him worthy without even conducting an interview. The message from F.R.I.D.A.Y. reminded him of that brief conversation they'd had.
Later, Steve had to hide a smile while Tony lay on his back, tail hanging listlessly off the side of the desk, with a rounded stomach from too much food. Tony let out a tiny groan from eating too much, but he was also smiling so Steve considered it a successful experiment.
They were a see-sawing, gasping reciprocation of licking, sucking, tonguing, kissing. Steve’s stiff tongue pushing in had Tony swallowing around thick cock. Tony sucking at the base as if to coax out his knot had Steve blowing hot air against dripping wet hole.
He held Steve’s cock by the base, relishing in the gasp he got for such a simple touch. The glossy head of Steve’s cock was peeking out of his foreskin, and Tony gently pumped his hand, revealing the rest of his lovely pink cock. Leaning forward, he closed his mouth around the head, moaning immediately at the generous precome leaking onto his tongue. He sucked experimentally, just the tip of the cock, feeling Steve’s body jerk with pleasure.
Instead, he was stuck watching over Steve and Tony. Not being able to speak and not having opposable thumbs, someone needed to be with them to try to help when possible and, although this was left unsaid, to keep them out of trouble.
“That just makes you seem undecided, Edmund. You didn’t even pick a theme, they’re just random cars by different makers in different colors. You know what, I’m going to evoke the rule about one gift per person. So, buh-bye.”
“No, he’s not,” Steve said with a laugh, reaching up to brush Tony’s messy hair down before kissing him on his temple.
Tony’s tone sounded offended. Then he clung on tighter to Steve’s finger and turned wide eyes up at Steve.
, in the way Steve breathed, heavy and deep in a way that he couldn’t reach even after an hour on the treadmill, in the way his pupils were so dilated that Tony felt he could look right into Steve’s soul.
The sun is beating down a little less relentlessly by the time they slump down on some empty oil cans, both sweaty and more than a little worried. “To summarize the last few hours,” Tony mutters, fiddling with his sleeve, “we're stuck in a ghost town with no way out, half a bottle of water and one tiny ass repulsor to show for it, while we might encounter an undetermined threat powerful enough to get rid of a whole village.”
“It’s not just you. It’s definitely really weird,” Bruce said, staring at them. “I’ve seen Tony get more worked up over a misplaced screwdriver than he has been over being turned into a cat.”
Steve blinked, coming out of his fog of worry to realize that T’Challa was right, they had danced fine together. It wasn’t like Steve was pulling out fancy moves or dancing with new grace. He had just managed to avoid stepping on T’Challa’s feet and had managed to sway mostly to the rhythm, which was more than he achieved with any of the others.
Tony shushed her while looking around. “Keep that down, the press is still flipping out over that. They can’t prove I didn’t dance with anyone else but people are actually trying to do some crazy investigative journalism over it to prove that my Courting wasn’t fair.”
day,” T’Challa said, wry. But his scent remained serene, the welcoming and warm Omega smell, with threads of grass and the open air.
Tony looked around the crowd, wide eyes blinking like he was in shock himself, like he couldn’t understand how he got there. Then his wandering gaze settled on Steve, standing right there in front of the stage, waiting for him. Haplessly, Steve smiled up at him. Tony looked at him like he was captivated, like he couldn’t believe he was seeing Steve here, even after their dance. Then Tony took a deep breath, never breaking eye contact with Steve.
Steve guessed that a ‘snagged scale type of issue’ meant that it was a troublesome piece of work and he decided to try to lighten the mood. “Wow, the great Tony Stark admitting he doesn’t know something.”
Within two hours, Tony presented him with a shopping list and a pearl, declaring every purchase on the list as critical.
Amber flew back to Tony’s shoulder and settled down, curling around his neck. When Steve brought over a drink for Tony, she flared her neck frills and her wings, hissing at him.
Steve cheated; he pressed forward for a quick kiss, a beatific press of lips on lips until he felt Tony’s mouth soften, parted. When he pulled back, he felt thrilled at the sight of Tony’s deep eyes looking a little glazed, his worries faded away.
To Steve’s surprise, there was a smile on Tony’s lips and amusement clear in his eyes even as he shook his head. Tony asked, “So where were you trying to get to then?”
It was like the demand went straight to Steve’s hindbrain. He reared back onto his knees and without even blinking, he gripped the collars of his shirt and jacket between both fists and ripped them both off like they were made of paper. He shrugged his broad shoulders, letting the pieces fall off his arms in a swift movement. Tony gasped at that stunning move, at the sudden appearance of bared perfection right at his fingertips. He reached out and touched Steve’s body, ran his fingers over those heaving pecs and abs, noticing how they tensed and flexed under his fingers.
“Most of my suitors were mostly there for a party and a dance,” Tony corrected, almost gentle. “Most of the people there had no intention of having a serious relationship with me, Steve. Because the vultures on TV weren’t wrong. I’m an older Omega. If you wanted a relationship with children born by an Omega...you won’t have that with me.”
His fears were assuaged a little when Tony soon asked to be scooped out of his tank with his glass again and to sit at the desk, holding onto Steve’s finger so he could chatter at him directly. Steve felt warmed at the idea that Tony wasn’t giving up direct communication between them yet.
Tony moaned, pushing back against Steve’s touch before thrusting against his gloved palm again. He looked over his shoulder and said with a frown, “I can’t get you off in this size.”
“I was 78% sure!” Tony protested. “Sure enough that I’m willing to try it on DUM-E and U to make them bigger, once I have a couple arc reactors ready. I’m going to be working on a much larger scale from here on, so I need them bigger too.”
He wasn’t jealous of a mini dragon. He really wasn’t. Just because Tony cuddled Amber and stroked her and proclaimed her amazing awesomeness every five minutes didn’t mean that Steve was jealous of her.
Tilting his head, Steve considered this. “So you organized a massive Courting Ceremony so I could experience one
“And that you were in love with him and would have married him except Obadiah Stane leaked old pictures of you having sex with an Alpha, a Beta and an Omega, all at once, which was enough of a scandal that Howard had to cancel your only Courting Ceremony and Tiberius broke up with you,” Steve said in a rush of words. He was frowning, looking torn, before he burst out saying, “And I know it was horrible and unfair that your privacy was invaded in that way, and that Tiberius had so little loyalty to you, but I’m relieved you never went ahead with that Courting Ceremony and ended up marrying someone like Tiberius Stone. He doesn’t deserve you.”
Tony keened, bent even lower, felt heat rising in the pit of his stomach as his body got wetter and hotter and harder, wanting Steve in him now, now, now…
Tony shrugged. “I can make Iron Man in my workshop. Earrings aren’t exactly beyond my capabilities.” Never mind that he had made over twenty pairs before he deemed these ones perfect. Steve didn’t need to know about
“You look like you are being sent to your execution, and I can see that without even seeing your face,” T’Challa pointed out wryly. “Although on second thought, you would probably welcome that more than this dance it seems.”
“Oh god, it’s Captain America’s arch nemesis: dancing,” Sam said under his breath, which earned him an elbow in the ribs from Wanda. “What! It’s true! You need to calm down, Steve. It’s not like you can learn to dance now, it’s too late.”
Tony’s heat rose and waned, sent him into a frenzy that could only be assuaged by Steve’s body before easing him down where he could only be comforted by Steve again.
Tony was almost waving their clasped hands around at this point. This new information just left Steve reeling.
Later, when Tony was over his sulk, he teased Steve mercilessly. It became an ongoing joke. Any time they were arguing or debating anything, Tony would ask,
They spent the afternoon making out like teenagers, before ordering dinner in. While they sat at the couch waiting for their pizza delivery, Steve noticed with some amusement that Tony held onto his wrist when they talked, even though they didn’t need skin contact to communicate anymore. It seemed like old habits die hard and Steve enjoyed the physical touch anyway. He knew with time, Tony would probably stop doing this, especially when he had both hands deep in the guts of some machine and realized he could talk to Steve without having to stop what he was doing.
“I wasn’t napping,” Tony denied in a blatant lie, then his frown softened. “Oh, it’s John Oliver and he’s talking about us. I like him.”
“Doesn’t the interview take ten minutes?” Steve asked, wondering if the other applicants got an approval so easily. It would be dangerous to let just anyone into the ceremony after all.
It was impossible not to recognize one of his own teammates even with all the masks on and even with the voice modulators. The slender build of Rhodes combined with his sharp Alpha scent that reminded Steve of airplane hangars made him instantly familiar, even as Steve struggled to keep up with the simple steps they were going through.
Steve shrugged. “I don’t mind moving.” Left unsaid but was certainly heard by both of them were the words, ‘as long as I’m moving to be with you.’
“Since the store wasn't locked and whoever lives in that house skipped turning the gas off when they left, I say they were in a hurry.” And just for a moment, there is the spark back in Tony's eyes as he rolls them at Steve's admittedly subpar conclusion but it's short-lived and the unease comes back, settling into the slight crinkles around Tony's eyes and mouth.
Nothing he got was going to be good enough for Tony. Clothes, jewellery, decoration. There wasn’t anything Tony couldn’t buy himself and buy better. That wasn’t even including what other suitors would get him. The others would be going all out to impress him and would probably take the gifts to a whole new level of lavishness.
Steve knew he was blushing, flushed to a ridiculous degree when he drew Tony back so he could look at him again.
Objectively, Steve knew he had an attractive body. His shoulders were broad, with a large chest tapering to a slim but muscular waist. His biceps were impressive, sure, and when he wore shorts outdoors, he knew photos of his ass and thighs ended up all over Twitter. But objectively, he also knew he was an attractive man
