Because he'd observed, on the occasion of Rosamund Watson's first birthday party -- to which he'd been invited with a surprising lack of coercion on the part of their parents -- that John Watson was sleeping in Sherlock's bed. He hadn't even needed to enter the bedroom to come to that conclusion, nor to lay eyes on the upstairs room that John had used to occupy -- and which now most certainly housed only the nursery furnishings whose delivery the surveillance report had detailed a mere two days after their return from Sherrinford. It had been obvious from the condition of John's back, the way his shirt was buttoned, and most mundanely, the fact that he'd repaired hence to change his trousers when Rosamund's nappy had failed in a most unfortunately spectacular manner.
"Of course. You don't imagine I wouldn't use every tool at my disposal. It would be a great advantage if we could at least figure out where Irene's keeping him."
Emily bounces excitedly on the seat, even with the seat belt on, and pushes every button within her reach. She starts laughing when she turns on the massage function. "The seat's buzzing!" she exclaims.
Sherlock's heart swelled again. John. What he wouldn't do for this man. They switched their arms so that John was in the lead position. This time, John's grip on Sherlock's hand was tight and warm, his hand on Sherlock's back a solid, reliable presence. John nudged Sherlock closer until their chests almost touched. He kept his eyes on Sherlock's as the song began, as he steered them through the prescribed steps. Eyes to get lost in. Their eyes had met before, of course, countless times. Countless moments of something deeper, something rising up and threatening to inundate them, to sweep them with it. But they'd always looked away, stemmed the rising tide, fled before the storm. This time they allowed it, let it happen, let the current flow between them, accepted and welcomed it. Lost. And found.
John fought the unexpected lump that threatened to lodge in his throat. He put the cow back carefully, sniffed in the earthy aromas of sawdust and metal, had to clear his throat before speaking. "They're lovely," he said again. "You should keep at it."
"Is it about the lady from breakfast?" Emily asks. Tristram already knows the answer to that before Doctor Watson says it.
"I'll text you and let you know what they say," Doctor Watson tells him. Then he leans in closer to Father - Tristram sees Doctor Watson's hand briefly brush over Father's - and says something that Tristram can't hear.
he'd take good care of him. Father said himself it wasn't easy; certainly, Tristram can see now how much of a hindrance it must have been for Father to care for Tristram before he could walk and talk and dress himself and cook and know better than to touch human brains without gloves or mix sulfuric acid and ammonia. Even now, it's sometimes a bit of a shuffle to get Tristram properly supervised when Father's working on a case. But Father's put up with the inconvenience for years, which must mean - Tristram's mind boggles a little - that in some way, he is
"Technically, he didn't. It wasn't him at all, it was a hired gunman, and he wasn't even aiming for Tristram, we've been over this--"
"Who?" John looked out at the group of some twenty children, now arranging themselves in the school yard in what looked like some sort of military formation. "Hold on, is that-"
They both lay silent for a while. John wasn't relaxing. Not that Sherlock was either. He would gladly lie awake next to John all night if that was all he wanted, but it would be more pleasant if...
Sherlock was relieved that John wasn't referring to drugs, but his indignation didn't decrease by much. The suggestion that he should be doing something else with his life came uncomfortably close to what Mycroft and many others - including Moriarty - had been telling him for years. It was fun to impress John, but he would not stand for one more person in his life thinking they knew better than he what he should be doing.
So all in all it was a fairly brilliant afternoon. If it hadn't been for Father's preoccupation with whatever it was he was preoccupied with, Tristram might have called it perfect. Even tonight, as they all sit together in the hotel restaurant, Father's eyes have a distant look to them although he's looking right at Tristram. It's not that Tristram thinks Father doesn't see him or is lost in thought; it's more like he's trying to see more. Like he can't get enough of whatever it is that he sees there, in Tristram's face. It's slightly unnerving, even for Tristram, who's more than used to being the subject of his father's scrutiny and all manner of stares.
"If I stood that close to someone I was just talking to, they'd have me down for sexual harrassment."
When the aeroplane stops and the seat belt light goes off, Emily's head pops up over the back of the seat directly in front of Tristram. "We're here!" she exclaims excitedly.
Sherlock stood tall and straight with both hands on the rail, gazing into the distance. The wind lifted his hair, pushing it back from his face. John could well imagine him here in his element, exploring the vast unknown, beholden to no master other than the sea and his heart. His eyes crinkled at the corners as he squinted into the wind. Lines that hadn't been there before he left. John had some too. They'd both been weathered, by storms, erosion, and forces both natural and unnatural. There would be more. Things seemed to have settled somewhat for the time being, but the way his life had gone so far, he knew this was only a lull, a moment of calm before the next upheaval. What would it be? He didn't dare to speculate. All he knew was, he wanted Sherlock there with him.
All Tristram hears is something about 'Mycroft' before Father's and Doctor Watson's voices get too low to make anything out. Emily keeps shouting out letters, and it's nearly impossible to hear the whispers from the front seat over hiss of the wet tyres on the macadam road anyway.
He straightens up and gives Tristram's father a meaningful look. "Sherlock, perhaps you'd like to say good-bye to your son and tell him you'll be back to collect him soon."
"Do you want me to-" she started to ask, because her original offer had been that she would do everything with Sherlock that she had with John.
Doctor Watson takes a step so he is closer to Tristram's father - really close - and lays a hand on his arm and says quietly, "Emily and Tris are friends. They like to play together. That's all." Tristram sees Doctor Watson's hand squeeze his father's arm, and his thumb rubs over the coat sleeve a couple of times.
It wasn't something they'd addressed directly. Sherlock didn't feel that confronting John with his own mortality would have been either particularly welcome or productive. But whenever he could, Sherlock silently encouraged vegetables and food made from scratch, long walks and quick sprints. The project dovetailed nicely with John's newly acquired tendency to cook as a method of emotional distraction. A distressing dream would see him making shortbread at 4 a.m. Too many pregnant women and push-chairs in the Tube would have him looking up pasta primavera recipes. Sherlock had quietly asked Mrs Hudson to siphon off a portion of the surplus fruits and vegetables Mr Chatterjee passed on to her from his shop, to make sure their larder always had a selection for John to work with when the mood hit.
Father, though, seems to take the statement at face value and agrees: "No, you wouldn't. And would you have Tristram and your daughter come along as well? Maybe they'd like to hear what Moran's people are doing to track his killer?"
It was quite possibly the last thing I might have imagined he would say. Presently, I came to my senses enough to become aware that I was still holding the thing. I had unwittingly crushed it in my fist, so great was my contempt for what it signified. And now my closest friend was asking me to take on its burden and - if I understood correctly, and I was certain I did - to submit myself to whatever punishment, pain, exposure, and humiliation it held in store.
"No, that's not the punishment. I've put you in charge of the play because I think it will do both you and the kids good to interact out of the classroom. Take the pressure off, that sort of thing. I also happen to think you'll be quite good at it, and we need someone to take the reins if we're to have a chance at competing with the Blackwood School. With Mrs Prince gone, you're the only teacher with any sort of practical experience in the arts-"
"Shut up," Doctor Watson mutters. "At least my knees aren't jammed up against the dash." Then he turns on the engine, and they are off.
"'Mostly' asexual...?" Sherlock tried out the idea. It didn't quite seem to fit. He had experienced sexual attraction before (and pretty much constantly since he'd known John), but rarely been tempted to act on it. A low sex drive, perhaps, but not without the inclination.
Tristram pulls the bedroom door most of the way shut again and goes back to where Emily is watching cartoons.
"My parents..." she says, fiddling with the zipper of Tristram's suitcase. She sighs a little, a kind of a resigned sound, and looks at Tristram. "When my mum was still alive, they'd argue sometimes. Not proper rows, but sometimes they'd yell a little or ... I don't know. Just argue."
"Let me get this straight then, John, if I may. You can feel free to date any women you want, but if I so much as plan to go to see an old acquaintance -- a fat, balding, married one at that -- you feel entitled to dress me down for it. And I didn't even go to see Victor. Nor did I go to score drugs, shoot up, or any of the other unsavoury things you apparently believe me capable of the moment I'm out of your sight," Sherlock spat.
John's jaw clenches. "You said you'd only get involved if Tris wanted it. You said you weren't going to interfere."
"Quite." Holmes let go of me, leaving me with only the ghost of his fingers on my skin. "Well, I believe you'll live, Watson." He stood up and wiped his hands on a towel.
"Father!" His voice comes out higher and more panicked-sounding than he would perhaps have liked. "Father!" he tries again, even shriller, when there is no response to his first cry.
The omega had now been released from his bonds, and his alpha was helping him down from the table with the assistance of a slim, flame-haired young omega woman. She might have been pretty were it not for the pinched set of her pale face and the marks which only years of hard, sinful living can leave behind. She bore a white sheet, which she draped around the male omega's shoulders. As it settled, I noticed that he wore a collar around his neck similar to the one Holmes had had me put on him. It was not identical, however, being broader and brown. The alpha had no collar at all, and the female omega - Kitty Winter, I presumed - displayed a pretty silver trinket gleaming proudly around her slender neck.
"Sherlock." Mycroft made that pinched, alum-tasting face he thought passed for a polite smile. "Aren't you going to invite me in?"
"I'm better with just the chords," John said, frowning as he continued to work through the song. "Not so much moving around and it's easier with my left hand."
The bedroom door opens and Doctor Watson emerges, wearing loose sweatpants and a sweatshirt with something written on the front that's obscured by the bundle of clothes he's clutching in front of him. He blinks the same way Emily did just a few minutes ago. "Morning everyone," he says, his voice still rough from sleep.
"Do you know, I've never thought to run a test on the adhesive properties of semen?" Sherlock said, sounding as if that were an egregious oversight. "Wait, let me get a sample before you leave." There was a flurry of limbs and a whoosh of cold air as the covers were thrown back.
"Well, that went rather well," John said cheerfully, keeping pace with Sherlock and Gladstone as they walked past the houses decorated with bows and wreaths and twinkling lights. A lit-up plastic snowman stood gleeful guard in someone's garden. Sherlock would have liked nothing better than to throw it enthusiastically off a roof. "Better than expected, at any rate."
John exhaled slowly. He knew what Mr Holmes was saying. What he was implying. Did he really believe that? That Sherlock and John were in a committed relationship, however that might be defined? On the other hand, was it not true? John had felt something along those lines for a while now. Now that he was settled back in the flat on Baker Street, John couldn't imagine ever leaving again. Not without Sherlock.
"Yes, isn't it fantastic?" Sherlock clenches his fists in excitement, then tuts when he sees John's face. "Oh, not like that. Of course I'm infuriated that Tristram was hurt, and that you were targeted in the first place."
"I'm not having sex here in the bathroom." There's not much weight behind the words, though, and John doesn't make any attempt to stop Sherlock from continuing to disrobe him.
Tristram is relieved his father doesn't say anything about not doing what he was told (again!). In fact, he goes on to add, "Thank you." There's something in his voice, something deep and thick, that imbues the simple phrase with much more meaning than the words alone. Tristram feels something swelling in his chest, something equally deep and thick, but it's good. Very good.
Tristram's not really anxious about missing school. He wouldn't even care about repeating the year, as such. It's not as if he has any friends in his class that he wants to move up with. But it would be incredibly dreary to have to re-do all the same worksheets and readings. Even if they go back soon, though, he's going to have masses of work to catch up on, and he'll still have the cast for another three weeks. And even after that, the physical therapist at the hospital warned him, his right hand would be weak for a long time. He should practise left-handed writing some more.
This was new territory, and Sherlock wasn't sure what to do with it. Oh, people (both men and women) had come on to him before, propositioned him, made their interest known, but they had always been so unbearably obvious and dull that Sherlock hadn't even needed to consider any option other than rapid and decisive retreat. But John was different. Sherlock found he actually wanted to know John better. He wasn't certain yet whether John was proposing anything other than being friends, but Sherlock had never had one of those as an adult either: someone to exchange thoughts with in an unstructured environment; someone whose company one enjoyed because of who they were, not what they could do; someone who... What else did friends do? Sherlock didn't know. But he was curious now, and he had the feeling that discovering those things with John would be a worthy use of his time.
"Anyway, it won't take long," Emily continues. "And if he's really busy, he can just say so." With that, she is out the door and down the stairs, the book clutched firmly in front of her chest.
"Of course, we know how you feel about it, Sherlock," she says, sounding exactly like Uncle Mycroft at that moment. She then resumes the thread of her conversation as if there had been no interruption.
"Oh, I don't want to get in the way," she trilled, several notes higher than was normal for her, and that was saying something. "You just tell me what to do, contacting parents, organising costumes, whatever. You'll never even know I'm there."
"There's a moral to the story too, you know," John pointed out. "Being respectful of your flatmate's belongings might just save your life one day."
"She'll stay here with us, of course," Vi said briskly. "Let the two of them go out and enjoy themselves. They can stay as late as they want, and sleep in Sherlock's old room afterwards. We can have Rosie in here with us. Do you think we should buy a cot for when she visits? On the other hand, I suppose she won't be small for much longer. They can bring her travel cot. I'm sure I saw one propped up in the hall when we were there."
Divide dough into 8 portions. Roll each portion into a rope (1/2 inch thick and 24 inches long). Cut each rope into 1/2-inch pieces.
"No, what was 'silly' was agreeing to stand up in front of a room full of people and make up facts about an event which is never going to happen."
"Forget it, he's out of the question. And he's still in Afghanistan. Corporal Craig Harrison, holds the world record for the longest distance sniper kill, nearly two and half kilometres. But that was from higher ground with a slight tailwind. No comparison."
Sherlock sits on the edge of the bed with his back to John. He's silent for a few moments, then begins speaking in a low voice. "I had no idea she was here, I promise you. She's going by a different name now, anyway. Irene Adler. Must be a stage name. I went out to get the..." He gestures behind him, where the plastic bag is still lying on top of the cover. "When I came back, I heard her voice from the bar, some inane patter between songs, and I knew right away..."
"Come on," he said, putting his hand over Sherlock's on the violin. "Put that away." His voice was warm and smooth and rumbly all at the same time.
Irene chuckles. "That's very funny. Me doing things for you. We've had a mutually beneficial relationship. You know, like those little birds that keep the fleas off cattle. Tristram told me all about them at dinner last night," she offers, including Sherlock and John in the comment as well. "He's been reading all these nature books. As for the birds, it's perhaps a bit distasteful, but it's a comfortable perch, and those silly cows have no idea really what the clever little birdies are doing up on their backs. They could be bleeding them dry for all they know. And the best part is, once they've taken everything useful from the beast, they can flit off to other pastures. Well, it's time for me to flit, Jim."
Sherlock was coming back now. John lay back and peeled away his shorts. "Have at it then," he said, grinning up at Sherlock. Sherlock stopped short, a test tube in one gloved hand and an alcohol wipe in the other. His eyes widened. John grinned even more broadly. He knew it was caveman of him, but he always got a little kick out of seeing people's reaction.
"Are you quite comfortable, Watson?" Holmes inquired archly, obviously having noted my relaxed state.
"Then we must endeavor to intensify the experience. We wouldn't want you to leave disappointed." I knew the teasing words were spoken mainly for the benefit of the audience - from whose midst a knowing chuckle arose at his jest - and most particularly Shinwell Johnson; but I was grateful for his playful mood as well.
Tristram lets that thought settle for a moment. It's not really a shock. He's had a while to get used to the idea by now. Father has a boyfriend. It somehow doesn't want to fit into the image he has of his father, even though he knows it's undeniably true. It's not just that, though. It's as if his entire world is re-settling around him, as if everything is different now even though, looked at logically, nothing is. Unless...
"No, I mean. Sherlock." John straightened his shoulders and flexed his hand. Swallowed. "Come to bed." There. Steady. Firm. Good.
"Yes," Sherlock blurted out as John was pulled away by eager little hands. "But no sausages. I'll text you the details!"
Irene leans forward across the table, as if to speak confidentially to Emily. "I really do like your father, you know," she says in a loud whisper. "He's so much fun to tease."
"No." Tristram's certain that wasn't a problem. Father has neither any respect for property nor any illusions about the appropriateness or lack thereof of rough play. "I think he just needed some air."
"Shh, I know, not so fun now, is it, over in a jiff," John cajoled. As soon as he had it out, he slid away from Sherlock, who protested weakly, flopping a useless arm in John's direction. "Be right back, promise," John said and tottered into the bathroom, where he dropped the used toy into the sink and ran some water over it, cursorily washed his hands, and wet a flannel to bring back with him.
Bacha bazi is culturally institutionalised sexual slavery and child prostitution (particularly the homosexual exploitation of underage males) which apparently is still extant in Afghanistan today. I do not mean to imply that either Sherlock or John would take a personal interest in participating in it, merely that it is a subject they might discuss.
This was stupid. Pointless. It was just going to end in another row. Angry at himself for having given in to his impulsiveness yet again, Sherlock tugged on Gladstone's lead to go back downstairs when the door opened.
By the time John's lease expired, it was well understood without any discussion that he would be moving into Sherlock's house. On the day, however, there somehow ended up being more boxes and bags than anticipated, and although Sherlock was elbow-deep in an interesting case, he found himself helping carry things in from Stamford's car.
Tristram feels something moving against his leg and then pressure on his knee. "Do you need me to breathe with you some more?" Emily's voice asks, small and thin.
Of course. Father can handle anything. That was never a question. But Tristram supposes what she means is that her part is done in whatever it was they were all mixed up in, and that she's going to be moving on again. He knew she would eventually, but now that the moment's come, it seems sudden. It's not that he's going to miss her terribly or anything, but he's only just started to get used to the idea of having a mother - of having Irene as his mother. It's like she's leaving in the middle of an experiment, before they've done much more than set out the equipment.
They do, but before they go back into the dining room, Emily stops at the door and indicates that Tristram should be quiet. She wants to hear what the adults are saying. Tristram shakes his head. He doesn't want to get in trouble, especially not with Doctor Watson, but she stomps her foot, glares at him, puts her finger to her lips and cracks the door open.
And just like that, the tension defused. Sherlock pulled back and John huffed out an incredulous breath. "Chicken... You were butchering a chicken in your bathtub?" John's mental faculties were clearly not at their best when dealing with a physical challenge at the same time. At least Sherlock hoped this wasn't a display of John's most acute mental state.
"Oh, I see," Uncle Mycroft says with great gravity. "Do you know, I believe two double-A batteries will do just as well. Perhaps four, if you wish to go back more than a hundred years. Young lady,
"It's just for the play," John cautioned. "Just to give those kids something for all their hard work."
All afternoon tea items found here: http://www.kingfishercaterers.co.uk/downloads/Kingfisher_Afternoon%20tea_menu.pdf
"I er..." John sucks in a breath suddenly. "...was interested," he finishes, not altogether convincingly.
"Ungh, oh God," John gasped through ragged breaths after glancing at the screen. "Lestrade," he managed in a strangled tone before pressing his forehead against his arm again. Sherlock's phone was still clutched in his other hand, angled so that Sherlock could see only part of Lestrade's text. But that part was enough.
He nods. "A mother and three babies. I fed them cake," he adds proudly, then remembers his promise not to tell about seeing the bodyguard. Surely Emily doesn't count, though. She can't get the man in trouble. Still, better not to mention it. It's not like it matters.
John leans back a bit so he can speak. "Tris's mother, Sherlock!" He grabs Sherlock's arms to hold him in place.
He was no ordinary man, and the ordinary cares of an ordinary life were never enough to hold his interest. He needed master minds, criminal geniuses, and archnemeses to match wits with and stimulate his massive intellect. It only stood to reason that he would need extraordinary measures to stimulate his body as well. The cocaine and morphine were surely one attempt to do just that, to get his heart racing and his blood pumping the way mine - and, I believed, his - had tonight. "The games", as Miss Winter called them, could be another. And it turned out we both responded favorably to them, or at least to some of the practices. We could try other ones. Now that I had an idea of it all, I wanted to give him the chance to be on the receiving end, if he was still interested. I wanted to do all of that for him, and more.
"Quite honestly, I wouldn't put it past you to have kept tabs on all of them so you know what places to avoid." John grinned.
"Ah, schnitzel and pommes frites," he declares triumphantly, even though that makes exactly as much sense to Tristram as 'schnipo'.
Vi swiped and tapped at her tablet. "Oh look, and there's going to be a concert on Saturday evening. A strings orchestra, pops and classics. Sherlock will want to stay for that."
"John not with you?" Lestrade leans back to look out into the hall of the dingy council flat. It's empty but for a forensics tech in disposable blue coveralls grumbling to a jaded uniform.
John returns his gaze to Tristram. The boy is lying on his stomach, his head turned away, but his breathing is slow and even.
First, Tristram pretends he falls and twists his ankle on the way to school and has to call his father, played by Emily. He doesn't really push the buttons on his phone, of course, but he already knows by feel which ones to use. Emily comes and picks him up and drags him to 'school', which they get into a bit of an argument over, because if he were really hurt, his father would either take him home or to the doctor, not school.
Sherlock whirled around to face the short, well-groomed man. The scents of Molton Brown moisturiser and Penhaligon's shaving cream told him that the man was as vain and ambitious as ever."Moriarty," he said carefully.
"No," Sherlock says soberly. "She would want to hurt you. What good would killing you do? You wouldn't be around to suffer. No, she would leave, taking your child with her. She has resources and the means at her disposal to disappear quite thoroughly. So deep that even Mycroft would be hard pressed to find her."
After the final bell rang, Sherlock arranged to meet Molly and the children at the bus stop around the corner, and they all rode together for the five stops to the cathedral. By the time they got off, Sherlock's ears were ringing. It didn't help once they got to the flagstone square that had once been the nave of the bombed-out cathedral, where the children's enthusiastic shouts and laughter were multiplied by the empty-windowed Gothic walls enclosing the area. Sherlock vowed to take a taxi the rest of the week, leaving the remainder of the ferrying to Molly.
Tristram hears the unspoken remainder of that thought quite clearly: or it could be something else. Something that makes even Father uneasy.
John didn't look surprised at all. Quite the opposite; he looked as if Sherlock had just done something which was both entirely expected and absolutely incredible. Sherlock wasn't used to anyone anticipating excellence from him. Even at the College, where one had to be very good to even achieve admission, the teachers had been on the lookout for weaknesses.
Tristram fingers the edge of his cast with his good hand. It feels rough. He's supposed to be doing some stretching exercises for his hand. He hasn't been. "I guess," he mumbles. "Yeah."
"Hm. Oh God," John said, pressing the heels of his hands to his eyes. "It's Christmas morning," he realised.
"How about John?" He pauses and looks at Tristram. He almost appears to be nervous, the way his eyes dart back and forth on Tristram's face. "Not if it makes you uncomfortable. But I think we're friends, aren't we?" He really seems unsure.
Tristram scratches at his arm. Something's been bothering him there all day, like a tag on the back of a t-shirt rubbing against his skin. He supposes it's a good sign, like the itching on his back, indicating that it's healing. Doctor Watson and Father are still talking. He can't hear what they're saying through the closed door, but he can hear their voices, switching off between his father's lower register and Doctor Watson's slightly higher one. The tempo and volume remain controlled and even, so they're probably not arguing about anything. Just talking, like they were at the restaurant. Tristram wonders whether Father's ever talked as much as he has since he met Doctor Watson. Were all those words pent up inside him the whole time, waiting for someone to hear them? Or is he just finding them now, like pebbles laid out on a path that he never would have wandered down if he hadn't met Doctor Watson?
John went on with something about backdrops and popping out of windows and marching figures across the stage, and it was all so elaborate and far-fetched that Sherlock had really heard enough before he'd even finished describing the first scene.
"You sodding bastard!" John is already standing, his fists clenched at his sides, when Sherlock enters. "Are you all right?"
Mycroft has a sour expression as he nods. "Yes, well, I'll let them know you're on your way, shall I?"
"Now. There are some other people I need to talk to as well." Father picks up some notes that are lying on the desk and stuffs them into the inner breast pocket of his suit jacket.
Sherlock shifted over, crowding him, invading his space and asserting his claim. John spread his legs to let Sherlock settle between them, his arousal unabashedly prominent inside the shorts he'd worn to bed. Twin groans as Sherlock's heat met his, unfamiliar yet natural, puzzle pieces cut from different moulds but no less well-met. John let his hands wander, discovering the lines and curves, the muscles and sinews underneath his clothes, his skin. Sherlock in turn explored with his mouth, kissing John's jaw, dragging his lips down John's neck, his collarbone, lifting John's shirt to tongue and suck and nip at his chest, his nipples, until John, quaking, drew him back to taste his mouth again.
Ollie looked up from pulling his lunch bag out of his backpack. "But he was going to teach me and the lads the choreography for the three wise men," he protested.
"I don't know. Shoot me?" John tries to level his gaze at Sherlock, but he can't help his eye flickering down to the gap in Sherlock's shirt. It's unbuttoned all the way now, but the way the material is hanging he still can't get a good look at the wound.
"You are quite healed then?" he inquired, lifting my arm gently to check the skin underneath. It had been a week since our visit to the Inferno Club, which was more than sufficient time for the superficial scratches to disappear.
After that, Emily's aunts leave, amidst cries of 'have a nice time' and 'stay on as long as you like, we won't be back till late' and some smothered giggles.
Doctor Watson looks down at his daughter as if he'd momentarily forgotten she was there but at soon as he does, his displeasure crumbles into concern and guilt. "Oh Ems, I'm sorry." He turns more toward her and cups her head in his hand. "I'm the one who doesn't want to read it, all right?" he tells her gently. "It's me. It's... Sometimes I... I don't forget, I'll never forget. I'll never forget Mum and I'll never forget what happened, and why she died. But there are days when I don't think about it all the time. And just now, it reminded me, and it made me sad, and I didn't want you to be sad too. Okay?" Doctor Watson puts both arms around Emily and she puts her arms around him. He pulls her against his chest and holds her tight while she buries her face in his chest.
Gladstone did get anxious when the two of them went out alone, though - expressing his opinion on whatever handy article of clothing happened to be lying about. Sometimes they returned hours later in a frightful state: clothing torn (even worse than Gladstone had managed), smelling like other people's waste or burnt things, and worst of all, blood, often their own. Gladstone did his best to patch them up, licking wherever he could reach, but the new human thought he could do it better, wiping sharp-smelling chemicals over their wounds. Gladstone supposed he had to make allowances. Because no matter his faults or how much he'd disrupted his human's life, he was part of their pack now. A brother.
"The curtain was -" Tristram tries to explain, but his throat closes off before he can finish the sentence. His heart is racing and it feels like he can hardly breathe. He swallows past the tightness and tries again. "The curtain was open!" There, he got it out this time, but it still feels like his throat won't open up far enough to let air in. He hasn't been poisoned again, has he?
Sherlock felt a frisson of parallel excitement. John thought that he had killed someone. Possibly. Wasn't sure yet. But he wasn't panicking. Hadn't left. He was … curious.
Just then, Sherlock appeared in the door to the teachers' lounge, looking around. Looking for John. She nudged her chin in his direction. "There he is."
"I never actually said I was there," he said peevishly. "You mistook my answers." He picked up his wine and took a large sip, then immediately regretted it. John had had him bring the wine to soften him up, to loosen his tongue for this conversation. He'd been planning this all along, and Sherlock had played right into his hands. He found he didn't much care at this point if he were being antagonistic. He'd made it clear he didn't want to talk about it, yet John persisted.
"I am intrigued and bewildered by the entire premise of this place," I admitted. "But I cannot muster any enthusiasm for the practice. I am afraid I will not be able to strike you, but if I had to choose anything it would be something along these lines."
The door opens. John looks up from where he's been watching Tristram's sleeping form on the far side of the bed. It's Sherlock. The arm of the guard outside the door is visible in the gap before the door falls shut again. One of Mycroft's, at least according to the message that arrived on John's phone about an hour ago. And if Sherlock's walking calmly past him, it must be the case. The room is left in the dim half-light cast by the small reading light mounted on the wall over the bed. John has tilted it so it's shining on him rather than Tristram.
Sherlock was on the verge of reacting brusquely, his embarrassment and discomfiture over the conversation with Victor spilling over. He wondered how much John had heard. But then he took in the grey hair scattered amongst the gold, the creases at the corners of John's mouth, the bags under his eyes, the veins in his hands, and he remembered that every day was both a gift and one day closer to saying good-bye.
"We'll be right here," her father assures her, "but I'd like to discuss something with Sherlock in private."
material. I honestly don't see any reason why we can't put on a perfectly nice play and really show what these kids can do. And what you can do, for that matter. Does this have something to do with Moriarty?" he asked suddenly.
Victor was nothing if not persistent. When Sherlock didn't respond to his initial email, he followed up with another two days later. Sherlock sat staring at the subject line (
"There's nothing you can do," Mycroft said sternly. "He's stable and resting comfortably. You can't go in now, visiting hours are long over. They'll call if there's any change in his condition."
Then they went to a snack bar because the missed lunch eventually caught up to Emily and Tristram. Father and Tristram sat on one side of the table, and John and Emily sat on the other side. Tristram told Father about the duel with the icicles, and they had a nice discussion about whether it's possible to kill someone with an icicle. (The conclusion was: not by stabbing, but possibly by bludgeoning, if the icicle were big enough.) Tristram also told him about the bird calls, and Father said he thought it would be an excellent idea to learn a bird call or two. And then Emily thought of the idea to make a whole secret code with bird calls that only the four of them would know. Just in case. She didn't say in case of what, but they all knew. And Father said he thought that was an excellent idea too.
Uncle Mycroft sets up the music and turns on the metronome - slower than the piece would be played in concert, but still fast enough to be challenging for Tristram - then counts down one measure to start. Tristram tries to keep his eyes focused on his own fingers, but he's distracted by Emily hanging over the piano, watching their hands, and he stumbles a few times.
John's arm suddenly darts out to the basket in the middle of the table with individual portions of jams, marmalades, and chocolate spread. "See, Ems, they have strawberry," he says, holding up a miniature, foil-sealed plastic pot with, indeed, a picture of a strawberry on it. His expression looks a bit desperate.
"Apparently Detective Inspector Lestrade and Dr Hooper are getting married," Sherlock muttered as he dug around in the bowels of his hard drive. Not that it was a complete surprise. They'd been dating for over a year, the man practically lived at her flat.
"Look, you don't have to talk about it but I'm not stupid. Something about him makes you uncomfortable. I just want to make sure you're all right with this."
John takes a deep breath and lets it out again. "She had Down syndrome. We didn't know it then. Mary'd declined to have an amnio done, said she'd want the baby either way, but ..."
She steps back and looks them all over - Tristram, Father, John, and Emily. John has his arm around Emily's shoulder, and Father is standing just behind John so their shoulders overlap. It's possible that Father's hand is resting on John's back, although Tristram can't see from where he's standing.
John goes into the bathroom and washes his hands. When he comes back, he fully expects a continuation of the argument, but Sherlock is complying, surprisingly enough, his fingers slowly working the buttons open.
He tried to think of something else. The pig hearts he'd gotten from the butcher, or … or a nice murder, yes. The tap on Dimmock's phone had been both disappointing and instructive. Disappointing because of the staggering depth of the vapidity which the majority of his correspondence contained. But instructive in that Sherlock now had a good idea of his daily schedule and which officers were on Dimmock's team. Also the facts that Dimmock wasn't above closing one eye when it came to skirting procedure, he was worried about his heart, and he had a teenaged son who was involved in drugs. All points which could be extremely helpful, given the right circumstances.
Emily comes out of the bedroom, already wearing her pyjamas. She skips over and leaps onto the couch bed. "Can we see what's on the telly?" she asks.
Father lifts his arms from behind them claps his hands loudly, rubbing them together. "We have holiday plans, John!" he exclaims, suddenly jolly.
Sherlock glances down at her. She has on the red coat, hip-length and cinched rather loosely at the waist. It's too warm for the mild day, despite the damp. It's also shapeless enough for it to credibly be intentional concealment for her still-thick middle. Sherlock rather thinks it's the opposite: she wants to emphasise the fact that she has something to conceal. That her body hasn't recovered from the birth. Will never be the same as it once was.
The more he thinks about it, the more he has to go. He's about to ask if he can go into the house and use the Watsons' toilet when Emily and her father come back. Doctor Watson has a big green duffle bag over his shoulder, and Emily has a backpack and a smaller bag in her hand.
Tristram feels a little burst of triumph at that, because he finally fooled Father. Granted, it's dark; he might not have fooled him if Father had been able to see him clearly. Still, it counts, Tristram thinks. But that's not why he wanted to talk to Father.
Emily is pushing against Tristram pretty hard with her hip now, but it takes him a moment to understand she means for him to move over to make room for her father to get in. He tries to accommodate her by pressing closer to his own father, but four across is going to be a tight squeeze no matter what.
"It's all right, John," Father says. "There's not much we can do until that reply comes back. It can keep."
Sherlock became aware that John must have been trying to get his attention for a while. He hit 'send' on his message. "What?" he said irritably. He wondered if it wouldn't perhaps be faster to just call the landlord directly, posing as a potential tenant.
A short while later, something else occurs to him that he'd wanted to ask about. He can't say exactly why he gives voice to it. Maybe he's already half asleep and his brain is gearing up for the what ifs of dreams.
There had been a time when John wondered whether his and Sherlock's spirits would ever join to create a new life, the way his had with Mary. Molly, the clan's midwife, had laughed when he'd stumblingly broached the subject with her one day, but he'd never known two men who mingled their essences before, so it seemed a reasonable question to him. Sherlock hadn't laughed, but he agreed there must be something different about the female essence that enabled it to combine with the male, and that pleasurable as their mingling was, it was unlikely to ever lead to one of them carrying a child in their belly. Which was probably a good thing, given that John had been mostly worried about where it would come out.
The thought gives Tristram some relief. He knows he's not supposed to feel that way. At his last school, his teacher read the class a book about a girl whose parents got divorced. It was full of statements about how she needn't feel bad about it, and how much her parents loved her, and all the fun things she got like special outings just with her dad and two bedrooms of her very own. With all those reassurances, it was pretty obvious that everyone expected her to be sad about her parents moving into separate flats. Tristram won't be sad at all if his mother and father get divorced (if they're married). Even without two bedrooms. It will be more like putting things back the way they were. The way they are, actually. But maybe Emily does have a point.
Doctor Watson sits out of the rain under the shelter of one of the play structures and keeps an eye on Tristram and Emily as they explore the tunnels and rocks and climbing nets. After a while, they run back to Emily's father and ask him to play a game with them. Well, Emily does. It would never have occurred to Tristram, but apparently, like hugs and reading books together at bedtime, playing together is something the Watsons do. So Doctor Watson gathers himself up and leads Tristram and Emily out on missions like extracting a wounded soldier from behind enemy lines or patrolling the perimeter or retrieving an airdropped delivery that's caught halfway up a tree. Instead of guns, they have wands. Tristram finds a rather nice stick to use that actually looks like a wand, nice and smooth and straight.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and pushed the quiz remote over to John, who carefully (motor skills slightly impaired) pushed 'A'.
But when they get to Emily's street, Doctor Watson double-parks and says, "Won't be long." He takes Emily with him and they go into Emily's aunts' house. Father continues to sit on the passenger side, engrossed in his phone.
It seems like afternoon classes drag on forever until the bell rings at three-fifteen, dismissing them for the day. Tristram stuffs everything he needs for his homework into his school bag and runs outside, his heavy bag thumping against his leg.
And that, perhaps, solidified whatever connection they had even more than a messy confession would have.
Father looks up at Doctor Watson from where he's hunched down on the floor as if he were mad. "This is the message, John. We're not bringing these to Bart's. Well, maybe to use the lab. Wouldn't it be brilliant if they've put something
Irene leans over Tristram's head toward Kate. Tristram can hear the soft smack, but he doesn't see where the kiss lands. He wonders if maybe Kate and Irene are special friends too. But Irene pulls back right away and leans down toward Tristram. She hesitates a moment before kissing Tristram on the cheek. Her face is really soft, even softer than Mrs Hudson's, and she smells nice. He gives her a little smile. She smiles back. She looks like she's going to say something, but all that comes out is "Don't wait up." Before Tristram can nod she’s turned her back on them and is out the door.
"Never put yourself in the direct line of fire," Father says fiercely and pulls Tristram in close against his hip. Tristram likes that. It makes him feel safe. Father then asks Tristram several questions - which direction the person was coming from, how fast they were moving, whether Tristram heard anything - which Tristram tries to answer competently. All the while, they are both looking intently at the area down below, but try as he might, Tristram can't see anything more than the unmoving path and the black hulks of the trees.
"I would have liked to play for her," Sherlock says. He can picture it too. John smiling at him in that way he used to, fondness mixed with a bit of what might be pride. He should have played for John more often. He didn't think it important back then, those quiet moments. He'd always been out for action, excitement, and stimulation, and John thrived on all of that too, so it was good.
"To the bedroom." 'Obviously' hovered unspoken but generally understood. "I need to have more room, and you need to get your clothes off and there are covers there so you don't get chilled. We were going to end up there anyway."
Watson did not invite me to his second wedding. I do not know whether he intended it as a kindness or a slight. I took it as neither, merely an expedience. Things became difficult since the Wilde affair. I sought refuge in my needle and my work, he in his pipe, his practise, and before long, a new paramour. I contrived to meet her, once, in the disguise of a philanthropist soliciting contributions to a foreign mission. She was perfectly acceptable, a spinster but of an age with him, somewhat long in the face but still handsome in the way of women who devote their lives to intellectual pursuits: a writer in a Bohemian circle. They met through his publisher.
John tugged gently and started to walk back to the bedroom. Sherlock followed, a silent shadow, his fingers warm and hard between John's. His left, Sherlock's right. John still wore his wedding ring. He should take it off. He wasn't married any longer. Any promises he'd made to Mary had ended at her death, if not before. And yet. There was still something. The wedding, the preparations. Sherlock had been such an integral part of it all. And Sherlock was still here.
Her heart was beating frantically in her throat, a crazy mix of anticipation, excitement, and fear. Was this what John felt when he was in the thick of things with Sherlock? He'd tried more than once to explain to her what he found so irresistible about going for days without proper sleep or a solid meal, rooting around in garbage bins, leaping into the Thames in the dead of winter (or the summer, for that matter, it's not like it was particularly appealing in any season), being run down, beat up, kidnapped, and shot at. The best he could come up with was that it made him feel alive - which she knew must be an exaggeration, because it wasn't as if he were insensate the rest of the time. But right now, the fight-or-flight instinct kicking in, she thought that maybe he was talking about being confronted with his own mortality, the possibility of death or at least the end of life as he knew it. It did give a new perspective, brought everything into much sharper focus. Not that this was a life-or-death situation, but it certainly could end badly.
"It would be if I had more time." Sherlock squeezes his eyes shut and presses his fingers against his temples.
Okay, people. Darlings. It's beginning. Take a look at the tags and warnings. The ones that haven't been covered yet are coming now. The next several chapters are going to be traumatic. You might want to hold hands...
When Tristram comes out of the bathroom, he surreptitiously looks at his father's face and mouth. Could he tell if he'd kissed Doctor Watson? He remembers seeing traces of Mrs Hudson's lipstick on Father's cheek one Christmas, after she'd thanked him for some present or other. Doctor Watson doesn't wear lipstick, though, so there's probably no way to tell.
Doctor Watson sits down on the bottom corner of the bed. "Maybe I could read to the two of you, then," he suggests. "Em and I usually read together before bed, but we didn't bring any of her books." Tristram is a bit surprised to hear that. There was a time when Tristram's father used to read to him, but that was before Tristram learned to read himself. Emily can read. Why would she need her father to read to her? It's not like when Tristram read the Harry Potter book to Emily at Uncle Mycroft's house. That was just a trick so she wouldn't get in trouble.
"Soon, Ems, it won't be long," Doctor Watson answers her softly. "If you're done, you and Tris can go play."
"I'll get something from Mycroft," John argues. "He's sending the replacement passport anyway." He starts to bring up the directory on his phone.
Father's eyebrows draw together. "Why didn't you tell me this before? I could have prevented this entire thing from happening!"
Father nods curtly. "I won't either." Then he slips out and closes the door with a soft click behind him.
Tristram can see that Doctor Watson is a bit disappointed because it seems like he's not playing along. He is – in fact, he's quite keen on this game – but Doctor Watson said there would be three clues, and it would be premature to make a guess now.
"Here and there. I've been at the Baker Street School just gone five years now." Which Moriarty obviously knew. He was baiting Sherlock, but Sherlock had found the best way to deal with Moriarty was to let him monologue and not disagree with him, if at all possible. Eventually, he'd have stimulated his own ego enough and would wander off.
"It's true we never have discussed it," Sherlock offered, by which he meant to offset any potential guilt John might have felt at misleading Molly's mother.
Even though it all seemed like the whole thing was a spur-of-the-moment, mad dash trying to keep them one step ahead of their alleged pursuers, Tristram sees now that she must have planned it all meticulously. His passport, the flight from Mulhouse, the car waiting for them in Dublin. To say nothing of the house. It's not her house; Tristram knew that right away from the furniture and his deduction was confirmed by the fact that she had to rummage around in cupboards and drawers looking for things the first night. Tristram knows it's technically possible that she went online and set up the rental sometime during their flight, but there were clothes more or less in his size in one of the dressers. Irene called it a stroke of luck. Tristram didn't say anything, but that was his first clue that things might not have been as they appeared.
"Sherlock," she said, placing one hand lightly on his knee. "You are amazing. Brilliant. But you don't want to have sex with me. Look, I don't want to be ungrateful. You gave me a pretty spectacular orgasm, and I would be more than happy to return the favour for you, if that's what you want."
"I don't know who you think's going to eat all that," Sherlock said, eyeing the huge bird on his way to the chair by the sideboard. "Mycroft's diet won't allow him to eat more than three peas and a lemon."
John drew himself up the same way he had when he'd handed Donovan's arse to her on a platter and said, "I'm going to stand up there and tell those parents their kids are involved in something pretty damn special that they and the rest of the city are going to remember for the rest of their lives, and no matter what happens, I'm proud of them. And I'd be even prouder if you were up there with me, because this is ninety percent you, Sherlock. Those kids are sweating and crying and even bleeding because they want
John darted forward (protective reflex, trying to put himself between the two groups) but Sherlock held out a hand to stop him, warning, "John." Moriarty was on a hair trigger. He was just looking for an excuse to blow.
As if Father's heard Tristram's thoughts - he probably has, somehow - he explains, "You're exhausted, and we have over an hour still to go. Lie down." He raises his arm to give Tristram room. Tristram is tired, it's true. Father's never offered to let him lie down on his lap before, though. At least not that Tristram can recall. Maybe he did when Tristram was very little. He's acting now as if it's nothing unusual, anyway.
"The Poisoner's Handbook" by Deborah Blum is a non-fiction book in the true crime genre that investigates the beginnings of forensic toxicology in the early twentieth century. I thought it looked exactly like the kind of thing Sherlock would enjoy. "Poisons: From Hemlock to Botox to the Killer Bean of Calabar" by Peter Macinnes is a 'popular science' book about poisons.
Is that why he signed Tristram's cast with his first name? Tristram glances down at the cast, but Doctor Watson - John - is holding his arm so that only Emily's and Father's messages to him are visible. 'Love, Emily', it says. Father didn't write his name. But Tristram knows his handwriting, and he knows who it's from anyway.
John didn't catch on at first, answering, "Just a peck on the cheek of course, you don't imagine I'd-" He broke off as Sherlock tugged him in closer by their joined hands. The intent dawned. "Sherlock..." he said warningly, but his mouth quirked up and he adjusted his hands to thread their fingers together.
"No, John. Look." Sherlock nodded toward a dapper, besuited figured carrying an umbrella ascending the stairs leading up to the stage.
Uncle Mycroft gathers his umbrella from where it's leaning against one of the armchairs. He frowns down at it. "Sherlock..." He glances at Tristram. It's clear he wants to say something more, but doesn't think it appropriate for Tristram to hear. Finally, he sighs and says simply, "Good luck."
John moves his mouth against Sherlock's hand, deliberately but light enough that it could be mistaken for an inadvertent brush. Sherlock doesn't move a muscle. In fact, he seems to be holding his breath. John waits a moment and does it again, this time with clear intent.
Sherlock pulled off long enough to say: "I didn't get to do this last time either," before resuming sucking long strokes up John's cock.
"That was nice," John said. He was standing very close to Sherlock. His words were a bit sloppy, and his eyes were a bit glassy. His mouth, his chin, the way his fringe fell just so over his forehead: those were all John and made something jump inside Sherlock's chest.
Holmes' accursed lips quirked ever so slightly with smug suffisance as he registered my uncontrolled reaction.
"Quite the contrary." His answering smile was endearingly delighted, and I could not help my face broadening to reflect his.
"I'm pretty sure Doctor Watson hasn't had anything yet," Tristram says, avoiding the question of whether his father will eat. "But he was still asleep when we came down. He might sleep a long time," he adds.
Doctor Watson says he needs to get out, even though it's raining and so cold you can see your breath, so they all bundle up against the weather and go to the playground in Regent's Park. On top of the rain, it's Sunday, and barely eight o'clock, so there's no one there aside from a couple of hardy dog walkers passing briskly by with their heads down and their collars turned up. Mrs Hudson used to take Tristram to the playground a lot when he was little, but there's something awkward and lonely about going to the park at his age without another child to play with, so they haven't been in a long time. In fact, it's been so long that he's interested to see it's been completely refurbished, with new climbing frames and landscapes.
It turns out Irene was telling the truth about keeping him safe while Father and John were busy setting a trap for the man who was doing all the bad things. Even Emily had to go stay with Uncle Mycroft. Tristram has a brief, ridiculous vision of Uncle Mycroft playing Super Mario Kart with her. On the other hand, he never would have dreamed that Father would enjoy reading the Harry Potter books out loud to him. And if anyone could get Uncle Mycroft to play video games, it would be Emily.
"Ah!" John cried in surprise and pleasure. He rested one hand on Sherlock's head. "You don't have to-"
"You hold the cane in your left hand, but it's your left leg that gives you trouble. Awkward, not to mention that you're left-handed. So why not carry the cane in your right hand, as would be natural? Because it can't bear weight. Your handshake is firm and confident, so no injury to the hand, wrist, or arm. Must be your shoulder. The fact that you experience psychosomatic pain in your leg indicates that the actual injury was traumatic, probably greatly so. Could have been a horrible accident, but given that you were stationed in a war zone, I'm going to go with hostile fire. How am I doing so far?"
Sherlock bumps his shoulder against John's. "She's definitely a Watson, didn't want to do anything halfway."
Tristram imagines that's probably true. He fancies Snape has a deep, resounding voice like his father. He'd also make a good Dumbledore.
John hissed in a sudden breath, and Sherlock looked up quickly, prepared to see annoyance, but instead was met with the sight of John's head thrown back, eyes shut, and his lower lip between his teeth; it might have been pain, but in the next second John tilted his head back down and opened his eyes, and the raw wonder there gave Sherlock all the confidence he needed to smirk and duck his head back down to drop open-mouthed kisses over John's stomach, which fluttered and shivered under his lips, up to the harder ridge of his ribcage and the gallop of that life-giving muscle beneath it.
Their hosts came back with flat breads and a tray bearing an assortment of pureed vegetables and meat sauces, and Sherlock and John happily turned their attention to the delicious food. Unfortunately, they didn't have time for the coffee that was such an integral part of the meal, but they promised to return another day for the full experience.
"I'm going to have a look around outside. Stay away from the windows." He pulls the door shut behind him. Tristram hears him walking away - faintly - and then the cotton-wool blackness is back again. Tristram doesn't dare do anything but lie stock still under the blanket and try not to think about what's outside the window, or what he saw in his father's room. Not to think about anything at all.
"You know what?" John said. "I think it's time for some new traditions. Play the song you wrote for the Annunciation. Your version."
"That's your project, John. I don't want anything to do with it. You know I dislike repeating myself," Sherlock said. He tilted his phone so John couldn't see the screen with the bank information displayed.
Emily chooses the 'poulet nuggets', which, going by the picture, are actually chicken nuggets. 'Poulet', Father tells them - although he says 'poo-lay', which sends Tristram and Emily into a fit of giggles - is French for chicken, so that makes sense. The picture Tristram picks shows a piece of breaded meat with a huge pile of chips. It says 'schnipo' next to it, which stumps Father for a while until he reads the description.
Sherlock poured himself a glass of wine and in an effort to overwrite the horribly sentimental scene his subconscious had conjured up earlier, stretched out over the length of the couch with his laptop. Gladstone leapt up, closely avoiding crushing an unimportant yet vulnerable part of Sherlock's anatomy, before circling one or two times and settling down curled over Sherlock's legs.
Once home and ensconced in his chair with his obligatory glass of possibly poisoned water drunk, John would nod and smile and answer yes or no and just generally enjoy being the target of Sherlock's flow of speech. And the cheekbones. He definitely enjoyed the cheekbones. And the mouth. And the curve of his pyjama-clad arse and the fleeing glimpses - when he allowed himself - of the tantalising lumps in the front whose contours were sometimes revealed when Sherlock took a particularly vigorous step.
Sherlock grins predatorily and advances on him. "Hello," he purrs. He crawls up the bed until he's poised on all fours right in front of John. He nuzzles his face against John's before kissing him, first gently, then more deeply.
He feels Doctor Watson touching his shoulders and upper back. Tristram can tell he's trying to be careful, but it makes it hurt more. He can't help hissing and jerking away.
"It was mostly John's doing, to be honest." Which was entirely true, and he didn't even need to feel guilty for saying it.
Emily is kneeling on the floor next to him, one hand resting on his knee. Her anxious, serious expression turns into a smile when his eyes meet hers. "Is it better now?" she asks.
John's eyes widened. He pushed the pictures around until the four boys were lined up in a neat row. "Yes. Yes, exactly. We'll have four wise men. Fuck tradition, we want to have four wise men, we'll have four wise men." He leaned back and laced his fingers behind his head.
"There may be something to say for that," I agree, "I often find, however, that the first chance is taken from most, only the luckiest few, those without obligations, get to make any choice at all in their adolescence."
"But I did," he decides. He hangs his coat in the hall, and sets his hat down, before calling for some tea to be brought up. "Now sit, Holmes. I shall read it to you."
"Bluebeard," I answer, and he nods his agreement. We are being jostled by the train, on our way back to London. The Stoner girls’ misery has reminded me of it. "Remember what you said about the spear hurting the king Amfortas because he failed to resist the feminine temptation of Kundry?"
"Parsifal’s mother Herzeleide, the king’s father, their senseless deaths," not to mention everything else set into motion by the apparently all-encompassing importance of protecting the Spear and Chalice.
I knew of course that Watson enjoyed evenings at his club, that he indulged a bit more than he wished to occasionally, that he gambled, that when we first took up rooms together he would stay out late and come back smelling of unsavoury things I daren’t ask him about. I had never imagined that he might have been dancing on these occasions. But by the way he moves through this crowd as if he has been here before, orders for us, and keeps a hand on my shoulder when people stare at us until they look away again, I am forced to conclude that he must have more than a passing familiarity with the molly houses of London and beyond, and that the lipstick I had seen on his collar from time to time had not necessarily belonged to women at all.
We are sitting at the Berlin train station with our cases by our feet, mulling over ways to make it back to Baker Street with the least amount of time wasted, when Watson looks up at me. "Holmes," he says, very insistent where for days he has been mild and placid to offset my growing resentment. "We could go south."
"I suppose for Kundry it might be a true relief, after her long entrapment. But I see what you mean, if it ends where it started, why did it need to damage so many?"
I’m not sure where he is going with this musing but would prefer to have a discussion on hypothetical sinning in our rooms where no one can overhear us. "Let us set off for home," I suggest, steering us to the exit of the park. He frowns at me, and opens his mouth to argue with me. "Watson, we can talk about it at home," I say. He exhales.
He smiles at me in an entirely too soft way. "Enlightenment through compassion, and compassion as the answer to yearning," he says, like I am made new for him. I scoff at the idea, and feel the need to fall to his feet burn through my chest. At night when I reconsider all that we have done throughout the day I will be pleased that he understands my efforts, but not while the fire is still lit. "Shall I read a bit more then?"
"Ho-olmes," he says, suggestive in a way I’ve not heard him before. I look over to him, and see him grinning widely. He has clearly found something in his bags, and plays at showing me, until he draws out the bottle of whiskey he must have had with him since we left London with flourish.
We did not have time to find a place to spend the night before going to the opera house, and it is very late when we leave again, which means that when the cabby tells us there will not be many places able to take us we believe him. I find myself unbothered by anything, and both Watson and I are unflappable despite the difficulties. The cabby manages to find us a place at a hotel on the edge of town, which has one room left, and we take it eagerly. It is later than seems possible considering how energised we were by the performance when we get to the room, and Watson is in a positively impish mood. He hums and spins, and shrugs out of his jacket before placing his bag on the bed.
"But Holmes." He stops me with a hand on my arm, and I turn to look at him. His cheeks are bright, as are his eyes, but his mouth is unhappy, and I knew what he would say next: "How could it possibly be irrelevant?"
Watson indulges me, on nights where neither of us finds sleep easily and it is too late already to play my violin without disturbing the neighbours. One evening he returns from his club with a triumphant grin. Normally his nights out leave him angry and mean, uncomfortably sharp-tongued and drunk. Tonight I can tell from his collar that he has been drinking, from his cuffs what he has eaten, but it takes until he hands me a neatly wrapped parcel that I realise his grin does not come from an unexpected gambling win.
"I have no idea what you're talking about," Moriarty says, all injured innocence as he continues to scroll through Sherlock's document. "Sounds more like a custody issue to me. You should try a family court."
From Sherlock's vantage point, the sentiment was entirely mutual. "John," he said between kisses, repeating it like a mantra, "John." It was hard to maintain a good grip on both of them - and he could really have used some more lubrication - but he discovered that if he held his hand steady and thrust his hips up into it instead, it worked better. John caught on and tried to coordinate his own movements with Sherlock's. He'd been close before, surely it wouldn't take much-
John is happy when he arrives at the flat hand-in-hand with Mary, their arms overflowing with binders of swatches and samples and mockups.
He turns his head to look at Sherlock. Sherlock is watching him closely, his lips slightly parted. John doesn't miss the fact that Sherlock's eyes flick down to his mouth.
Tristram's father looks suspicious, but turns to Tristram for a perfunctory good-bye. Doctor Watson hugs Emily and kisses her on the cheek.
And then he catches sight of someone else over Father's shoulder. Two someone elses: Emily and John. They're both beaming at him, and as soon as Tristram makes eye contact, Emily leaps away from her father and shouts, "Tris!" John must have been holding her back all this time, because she shoots toward Tristram like a taut rubber band that's been let fly.
The door opened. Sherlock jerked away from the wall. He hadn't thought John would come after him. But it was just Preeti and Bob. The door swung shut behind them. Sherlock told himself he wasn't disappointed as he stalked wordlessly back to the classroom, the two children following.
But now it's like they're two astronauts encapsulated in their own space suits. They can still see each other, still coordinate their efforts, but there are layers between them, their communication filtered through plastic and electronics and a vast, impersonal vacuum. The scar is like an outward manifestation of everything that's dulled their sense of each other.
John doesn't look up from what he's doing, but he smiles, the corners of his eyes crinkling sort of like Father's do. "That's good then. I like your name a lot. It's special, just like you."
"It's fine, I'm fine," John assured him hoarsely, holding a hand up. "Just..." Another coughing fit. "Sorry."
"Oh God, oh my God," John wheezes when he can finally catch a breath. "Ground rules. When we are in bed together, never, ever mention your brother."
Clomping footsteps on the hardwood floor in the hall heralded Sherlock's arrival. "Here you are," he said when he saw John. He'd divested himself of his outerwear, yet still appeared oddly out of place in his suit jacket, standing in the midst of so much homeliness. It looked like he was about to say something else but stopped when he saw his father was there too. A quick darted glance between the two men that John couldn't quite make sense of. Irritated? Nervous? John tried to send Sherlock a questioning look without letting Mr Holmes see, but wasn't sure it succeeded.
It got to the point where John was fairly miserable over the whole situation, and when Sergeant Pennington's engagement do went down, he may have ended up having a couple of shots too many and saying more to Greg than he'd actually intended to.
"Exactly!" Emily's face lights up and she turns to Tristram. "When they come back from the future, they have an updated engine that runs on garbage. It's a much more advanced technology, of course, but I'll bet with your dad's help we could figure it out."
"The city will be happy to let us use the cathedral ruins as planned. They won't have any other events booked in at such short notice. Likewise with the sponsors. They only get publicity if the play goes on, and that's all they care about. As for the children, I should think their parents would be happy to see them perform, regardless of Lestrade's opinion." It all seemed so self-explanatory when stated like that.
Emily seems to find this justification acceptable, and says, "Okay, but start at the very beginning, and only read the parts you already told me about."
"Not pregnant, no," Sherlock said. Refrained from adding a remark that might be construed as referring to John's wedding. He hadn't known, after all. "I gather they simply want to do it and don't see any reason to drag it out. Very close friends and family only, no big fuss," he said distractedly as he opened the bookmark library.
This is set sometime in the (not so?) distant future and references a moment from chapter 16 of the main fic.
And on top of everything else, Molly Hooper was also being enormously irritating, acting like they were friends just because she and John got on.
John paused in front of the house to take his phone out. He checked it, then jammed it (ah, there's the anger) back into his jeans and went inside. Sherlock waited, mentally following him up to his flat (light on, second floor, third window from the left), giving him time to put his jacket away and bring the food into the kitchen. Accounted for John's abysmally slow typing. He even gave him time to use the toilet. Still no response.
"Tenuous." Sherlock relaxes as the topic moves onto less emotional fare. "His office is on the thirty-second floor. It's airtight all the way up. No chance of getting in from the inside, unless you want to go full frontal, but you'd need an entire battalion."
But that wasn't correct, wasn't even right, because John was both substance and dazzle, and Sherlock was nothing, maybe a piece of wood, a ruler, a stick. Was that really how John saw Sherlock? How John saw himself? Sherlock found himself in the sudden grip of a fierce need to make John understand how very
"Have you done it?" Father asks. His voice has a different, more distant quality to it now, and Tristram can hear the sounds of traffic in the background.
So he had turned it into some sort of trite love ballad. Awful. Jade, Alfie, and Ollie crept forward, catching John's attention.
Tristram takes the item - a lump of some kind of cake - and shuffles closer to the spot the sounds are coming from. And then he can see them: four grey mice, one slightly larger than the others, picking their way fastidiously around in the dirt. Tristram carefully breaks off some of the cake and dribbles it on the floor, then backs away again. The mice are suspicious and studiously avoid Tristram's gift at first, but when nothing alarming jumps out of the crumbs after a minute or so, they sniff their way over and start to nibble at them. Tristram grins at the man.
Sherlock reaches into the inside pocket of his jacket and takes out the memory stick they'd given to Moriarty. He waggles it at John.
John raised his eyebrows. "I wouldn't have taken you for someone who'd buy their pet a Christmas present. But I'm sure he appreciated it."
It was a relatively mild afternoon, although overcast and with a bit of a breeze that hinted at rain to come later on. They set off at a leisurely pace down the road. Daisy had said there was a path branching off about a kilometre ahead that would take them into a patch of forest. It wasn't much to look at, but at least it would take them away from the road.
Sherlock swung the bow down and swished it around a bit to cover the surge of relief and pride. "The parents don't want to hear me play, they want to see little Tommy and Susie dressed in ill-fitting sacks and screeching about teenage dirtbags." His eyes met John's and they both giggled.
At any rate, Tristram suggests the game to Emily now, and although she doesn't seem very enthusiastic, she agrees to go over to his room to at least take a look. Doctor Watson looks relieved and mouths 'thank you' at Tristram when Emily isn't looking, which pleases Tristram inordinately.
They have to go claim Irene's suitcase from the carousel. Tristram doesn't have any luggage. He left behind all the clothes they found in the cottage that just happened to fit him, even though Irene said he could feel free to take them. They aren't his (even though he suspects, really, they were supposed to be). No matter, he can't imagine ever wanting to wear any of them again. They would only make him think of worrying about Father and John and Emily and the endless rain and waiting and waiting. So when Irene said they were leaving, he put back on the clothes he'd left Switzerland in, even though they hadn't been laundered. Irene wore a pair of black trousers and a black turtleneck that must have been in Kate's suitcase too.
"It was a mess," John agreed. "All the wrong reasons. I told myself it was to get back at my father, which I suppose was true in some way, but that wasn't all. I mean I wouldn't have... if I weren't..."
Father makes a lazy, dismissive gesture. "Not related. Simply the risks of sleeping rough. It was rather nasty, though, I gather. She's in hospital somewhere... I'll find out where this afternoon, then go pay her a visit tonight after you're back."
John's eyebrows shoot up. "What, you honestly expect me to go back and live with her, and what, pretend everything's fine? Pretend I still love her and want to stay with her till death do us part?"
In Swiss German, there is a saying: FIGUGEGL (say 'fee-goo-gay-gull'), which stands for 'Fondü isch guet und git e gueti Luune' and means 'Fondue is good and makes you happy.'
Sherlock paused at the door. John had no idea what he was saying. "Are we done here, then?" he asked. "I should get home for Gladstone."
Dinner was a simple affair: parsnip soup and fresh bread which Mrs Holmes had picked up from the local bakery when she was out, with clotted cream to pass around. 'The fast before the feast' is how she termed it, although to judge by the amount of pie Sherlock had already consumed, it was more like the feast before the other feast.
Sherlock straightened his face out and held the cup out to John, who leaned over to tip it toward himself for a quick sip while still letting Sherlock hold it.
"'From Hemlock to Botox'?" John asked. "'The Poisoner's Handbook'? I'm starting to re-think that soju."
Swiss German, by the way, is actually a language unto itself. It has a different grammar and vocabulary from the standard German (called High German) you might learn in school. It has several dialects that are more or less mutually intelligible, but someone from Germany would have difficulty understanding any of them. Due to the varied dialect situation, generally only High German is used in writing, which Swiss German speakers must learn in school like a foreign language. I don't even get into that in this story, though, just assuming that any Swiss will identify Sherlock as a foreigner on sight and speak to him in High German.
That gets his attention. Father blinks down at the key, then shoves it back in Doctor Watson's direction. "Keep it."
"His bed's still warm. He hasn't been gone more than half an hour." Sherlock leaps down the stairs, taking them two and three at a time.
"Emily! How was school?" He pulls his daughter into a one-armed hug and kisses the top of her head. Tristram thinks he should be used to how much the Watsons hug and kiss each other by now, but it still makes him feel awkward and slightly embarrassed, and he doesn't know where to look.
Tristram looks at his father. He's observing Tristram in a way that Tristram knows means he can see everything that Tristram's thinking. Tristram nods and eats the rest of the biscuit in his hand. Not even Emily looks convinced.
Sherlock might be able to hire a private videographer to film the play, but trying to pass them off as Whitehall or any other well-known production company would be tricky at best, and the Lord Mayor's office was expecting high profile publicity, big names, and concessions.
"Well, I wasn't kidnapped," John informs him cheerfully. "Although I almost wish I had been. It's funny, I don't remember the hospital being so dull."
"Surely it wouldn't be a big deal for him to send down a couple of guys - They wouldn't need to make a big production out of it. Just film it, burn a nice DVD for the kids and their parents."
There was absolutely nothing to be concerned about, he told himself as he hooked on the dog's lead and set off down the street. At least the rain was holding off. If only the last image he had of John wasn't with his shoulders hunched over and his face averted, being escorted away by a uniformed officer. Sherlock wished now that he'd gone out and hunted him down at the pub after all. Even if he'd only seen him from afar, at least he wouldn't have looked so empty.
Doctor Watson raises his eyebrows and lets out a long breath. He looks round at Father, who doesn't give him any help, then back at Emily and Tristram. "Okay, well, I didn't mean to put quite that much of a damper on things. If everyone hates the idea so much-"
"John," Molly said with a knowing smile, "I can imagine how he looked at you. It's how he looks at you in the break room, when he thinks no one's watching."
From where he's standing in the kitchen, he can see Father's computer standing open on the desk, but Father isn't sitting in front of it. He must be out. That's nothing new. He's often out when Tristram wakes up. He always leaves a note, though, so that Tristram knows he left on purpose and of his own free will. Tristram turns on the kitchen light and checks the table. There's no note, which is a bit disquieting, but maybe Father figured as long as Doctor Watson was here, he didn't need to let Tristram know where he was. Doctor Watson certainly wouldn't have let Father be incapacitated or kidnapped right under his nose while he slept on. Probably not. Tristram is suddenly in rather a hurry to have Doctor Watson wake up so he can ask him. He goes into the living room, Emily on his heels, and freezes.
And then suddenly she's asking him up to her room for a drink. He's not finished with the one in front of him and she's asking him up to her room.
"He doesn't need to, he virtually owns Sky. And I imagine it's actually my online activity he's interested in. This was just a bonus."
"Fine. We'll see who'll make a good Joseph." He snapped his fingers at the rest of the children, who were watching the proceedings with round eyes. "I need a Mary to sacrifice up as well. Any takers? Jade?"
, nota bene, the payment Mycroft had exacted for his help with Moriarty and the play. Most especially as Mycroft would be there too, and would immediately know what had been on Sherlock's mind for the entirety of the car ride.
"What was your mum like?" Tristram asks then, both to get off the subject of his father and because he's been wondering ever since the earlier mention of her.
Their room, it turns out, is not a room, but an entire flat. There's a living room with an angular, uncomfortable-looking couch, two armchairs around a coffee table, and a big, flatscreen television mounted on the wall. Through another door is a bedroom with a big double bed, and yet another door yields a bathroom with a big, round bathtub and a separate shower stall. There's no kitchen, but there is a little refrigerator in the corner of the living room, along with a countertop that houses a coffee machine and a microwave. The entire place is sleek, modern and minimalistic, all stone and wood, precise lines and no carpets, and it - like the rest of the country so far - doesn't exactly make Tristram feel welcome. The only good thing as far as he can see is that the curtains are drawn over all the windows.
"Can you turn the light off?" Sherlock finally says. His voice is low and thick, as if he's congested.
Emily, though, doesn't seem quite as gung-ho. Her eyebrows draw together. "Why can't we all go together?"
John stood up and went into the kitchen. The lights were all off, but he could see the uneven bundle lying across the couch. John's heart was in his throat. Maybe this was a terrible idea. Sherlock was going to say no. This was a mistake. He should just leave things as they were. Let Sherlock's parents think whatever the hell they wanted. They'd beg off after dinner, say they needed to get Rosie back. Say Sherlock had an experiment running. Say they had a case. Lies. No. Not the way he wanted to live. No more lies. Lies had got them into this mess. Lies had ruined him and Mary. He didn't want them to ruin him and Sherlock. Not any more. They still had a chance.
He was more than surprised, therefore, when his mobile chimed with a text from John just as he and Gladstone turned around for the homeward leg of their walk.
Sherlock stepped over to the desk and disconnected his laptop from the charging cable so he could bring it back to the kitchen with him. He sat down, haphazardly shoving dishes aside to balance the computer on the edge of the table and twirling it around so the screen would be facing John's chair. If he would sit down.
"Mummy wants to know if it's all right to switch to taking the Plavix in the morning. He takes his other pills in the morning too, and it would be easier to do all at once." Sherlock looked up from his phone, which lay beside him on the kitchen table, where he was trying out his new scalpels on Molly's Christmas present.
"Hey, Tris," John calls out, interrupting them. He comes out of the bedroom, looking a bit red in the face. "Do you know where your passport is?"
Sherlock held him back. "Wait," he hissed. "Or do you want this to turn into another fist fight? It's probably exactly what he's hoping for." Sherlock wasn't entirely certain that was Moriarty's aim - surely he didn't think John or he would be so stupid as to repeat the same actions here in such a public arena - but he honestly had no other ideas, and he was not so secretly curious as to what Moriarty's next move might be.
John stayed there teetering for a few seconds, floating on the euphoric sensation of all being right in the world and gently, haphazardly swirling the remainder of his erection around inside Sherlock's mouth as he was licked clean.
"Here." Father has miraculously - or not, given the assortment of oddities he tends to carry around with him - produced a felt-tip pen and is holding it under Tristram's nose.
John reaches over and slaps a hand down on Sherlock's knee. "Buck up. Bletchley Park wasn't exactly useless either."
Tristram sits down on the end of the bed. "They're probably just kissing anyway," he says lightly, as if it doesn't matter to him what they're doing - or what they're talking about. He thinks it should be a good way to distract Emily, though, and he's right.
"Oh, come on, Sherlock!" John sounded honestly irritated. "Jesus, you'd think you want this to fail.
It was possible that Johnson, for one, knew of Holmes' farce already. Their acquaintance extended back several years, and I did not know whether Holmes had been careful to always apply his perfume and affect his omega qualities on previous occasions. Was that why our host had been so insistent that Holmes and I participate in the night's events? Was he hoping to trap Holmes, or create an opportunity for later blackmail? It was doubly frustrating because I had no chance to draw Holmes aside and share with him my concerns. Yet how many times in the past had I voiced some objection or other, only to discover that Holmes had accounted for and defended against every one, and half a dozen more besides? No, I had to trust that he had prepared for every eventuality, and that we would bear no ill consequences of the night's further course.
It may be John's imagination, but it seems to him that she delivers the last line with a bit of a leer.
He crawls to the foot of the bed and lifts the sheet. Emily is already standing by the door. He gives up the pretense of trying to keep his voice down. "He's probably asleep," he points out. Although where, is an interesting question. One that Tristram isn't sure he wants to know the answer to.
Emily doesn't appear affected by the scene one way or the other, though, which is a bit odd, since she was the one who was so enthusiastically speculating about their relationship earlier. She goes straight over to the couch, reaches over Father, and shakes her own father's shoulder. "Daddy?"
"Nothing, just like that, a little faster, faster," she urged, moving her pelvis in little circles as she felt the inexorable outcome approaching.
"I was..." Sherlock began, trying to think of a way of putting it so that John would feel needed without making it sound as if Sherlock actually needed any help. "Well, it occurred to me that it might be a good idea if you took a look at the rest of the songs. For the play. One or the other might do with some tweaking."
Thanks once again to ladyprydian and thissalsify for invaluable medical advice. This chapter should be less traumatic than the preceding ones, but does contain some description of injuries and medical procedures.
John searched Sherlock's face, his own doing something complicated: scepticism, wonder; tenderness, maybe. Finally, it shifted into realisation. Softening. "All right. Yeah, all right," he said quietly.
"You know, I don't even know. Why don't you tell me? I mean - my God, I really know nothing about you." John puts his head in his hands and laughs humourlessly. "Are you.... I mean, you seemed as surprised by all this as I am, but for all I know I'm just your boyfriend of the week."
to Father than his work. He almost shies away from the thought, it's so fragile, but it seems almost incontrovertible that Father must, in fact, love Tristram. Quite a lot.
Irene stares down at Moriarty's body. A spill of blood pools and spreads beneath his head. His blank eyes are fixed in an expression of mild surprise. She titters, high and nervy.
"Well, it's right there," Sherlock said briskly. "You can tell me tomorrow if it's all you remember." He took his gloves out of his pocket and pulled them on.
"Yes." Sherlock frowned. He'd thought that was obvious. He unclasped Gladstone's lead, then draped his coat over a chair. "Just, anywhere," he said to John, who was looking around fruitlessly for a place to hang his own jacket. "Make yourself at home, I'll be right there." He headed to the kitchen first to make sure Gladstone had fresh water in his bowl, then went to retrieve the sheet music.
"I despise spectacles." Sherlock's mouth twisted into a sour smile. "But it looks like we're going to have to get used to spectacles."
"John, please." Mycroft glances toward the ceiling. "Unless you wish to hear the pitter-patter of tiny feet..."
Intellectually, he knew that whatever Moriarty and the Blackwood School did, had nothing to do with him. At a gut level, though, he needed this. He needed to show that whatever Moriarty could do, he could do at least as well. And in order to do that, he needed to know what Moriarty was doing.
"I wasn't sure whether it was nightmares or insomnia," Sherlock corrected him, "but thank you for answering the question. To return to my explanation, if whatever happened to you was traumatic enough to cause psychosomatic pain, it stands to reason that you suffer more generally from Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder. Sleep disturbances are a common symptom. You have dark circles under your eyes, and the skin of your face is slack and sallow. Simple enough."
Dear Santa Please Please let my Chrismas wish come true Id really Love for everyone in the World to be happy even Mr Holmes Please help Mr Holmes find a Freind thank you very much From Emma
Tristram pauses on a show about dredging for treasure in the Thames that looks halfway interesting, but Emily makes him keep going until he gets to a dance competition. Tristram doesn't really see the point, but he likes some of the music, and he'd rather Emily be happy than kick up a fuss. It's just telly, and like she said, he can watch it any time he wants.
Tristram knows that's not entirely true. Father's work is the most important thing in his life. But that's fine. Really fine, not just saying it's fine. Tristram is perfectly happy with his life with his father. He's not sure about the love part either. He knows that parents are supposed to love their children, but he honestly, truly has no idea what his father would say if anyone asked him whether he loved Tristram. Certainly he's never said it to him. If anyone asked Tristram whether he loved his father, he'd say 'yes' because he knows it's expected, but he's not sure that all the complicated things that well up in him when he thinks about his father is what other people call 'love'. It's not like there's a litmus test for it. Maybe Father has the same problem.
The only book Tristram has with him other than school books is the Harry Potter book, and somehow he doesn't think it would be a good idea to bring that up, as Doctor Watson has expressly forbidden Emily to read it. There are lots of books in the library, of course, but that's downstairs, and Tristram has enough experience with being sent away so that adults can discuss adult things to recognise Doctor Watson's intention that Tristram and Emily remain upstairs, out of earshot.
Mycroft's eyebrows shot up as he flipped to the end of the contract. "The last time anyone used that word in reference to my brother, he was six."
Irene looks like she's weighing the consequences of shaking Father's hand, but after a few seconds she lifts her hand and puts it in his. "You're welcome," she says, like she's a little surprised about it herself.
It's not as fast and physical as Snap, but Tristram finds it more exciting. Emily is a stunningly poor liar but very good at catching Tristram's bluffs. Mrs Hudson is next to impossible to read, but rarely doubts Emily or Tristram. In the end, they are fairly evenly matched, and it's only due to an extreme stroke of luck that Tristram is able to play out his last card, a five, when it really is his turn to lay fives. Emily bites her lip, obviously loath to let it go without speaking up, but not sure whether Tristram is lying or not. Before she can say anything, though, Mrs Hudson says, 'Not likely,' and then they all laugh when she turns the card over and it turns out Tristram was telling the truth.
"No," Sherlock said immediately. God, no. Awful thought. He withdrew his hand and moved his legs, just enough to indicate that John needed to get up first.
"All right, that's it, come on." John grabs Sherlock by the arm and tries to bodily haul him to his feet.
When he got to 221B, though, John was nowhere in sight. Lestrade had said two weeks' notice. But maybe John had taken it to mean immediate termination. Or had something happened to him? Surely someone would have said something. Was that what Molly had wanted to tell him? But she hadn't looked upset, as she would have if John were injured.
The next problem, however, soon becomes apparent. "Which do you want, the bedroom or the couch?" Emily asks Tristram.
"So you want to play with paper?" he asked in a dangerous tone. He was speaking to the class as a whole, but he kept his focus on John. "Fine. Your task this morning is to create seasonal decorations out of paper, without using adhesives or scissors. Folding only. I want to see recognisable shapes and sharp lines. Extra points for creativity. And, after you have made at least one decoration and had it approved by either myself or Mr Watson, those who want to may make
Father slides his phone into his pocket and settles back in the chair. Perhaps he really means to stay. Tension that Tristram wasn't even aware of drops out of his body. "Was it the bodyguard?" he ventures to ask.
The frenzy subsided and the pupils shuffled around, taking their seats. John shared a conspiratorial look with some of the children near him and threw one more aeroplane, hitting a boy smack in the back of the head. The class broke out in laughter.
The bedroom was dark, but John knew the way. He nudged Sherlock to get into bed first because Sherlock favoured sleeping on his left side. He had to let go of his hand so they could get in, and surely he was imagining Sherlock drawing out the contact until the last possible second. The sheets were still warm. John pulled the covers over them and settled on his back, one hand behind his head and his heart in his throat. Sherlock was a dark heap beside him. Like a black hole, a gravitational sink, an unknown entity that drew all of John's focus, all of his attention, all of his energy toward it.
Among all the cases that I did manage to solve, and all the ones I did not, only some are worthy of mention in Watson’s annals in the Strand. Some that are worthy are not to be talked about because of the sensitive nature of the case, and some are unworthy of publication because they were unsolved, uninteresting, or classified. One case that was unfortunately all three took us through Germany in an agonizing search for something I have sworn not to talk about. By the time we had reached Berlin and realised we would not be able to bring this case to a satisfying conclusion, I had been ready to shake down the nearest pharmacist for even a poorly prepared one-percent solution of my favoured cocaine. I dared regret bringing Watson, because despite his invaluable help to me on so many occasions, he could not help me with an unsolvable case, and he did prevent me from doing what I so craved.
