"—and all I'm asking is to attend a portrait gallery exhibit with my sweet and handsome husband, who it turns out is completely embarrassed to be seen with me in public—"
Steve gave a slight nod, a little smile on his face. "Seriously. This counts toward your twelve ounces, though."
Steve motioned at the TV. "Because he's giving his opinion on this whole thing."
As he set his hands back on Steve's shoulder to go back to rubbing them, Steve sighed out a groan and shook his head a little.
He motioned over himself again.
He and Steve exchanged glances, and Tony shrugged and said, "I guess so. I mean I do have a ring." He reached for the bag, but Steve pulled it further from his grasp.
Steve gave a curt shake of his head. "No, just…it sounded important."
"Well, not exactly," Tony said and reached out to grab his coffee. He took a long, slow sip and swallowed before he added, "More this fits the pattern of crazy shit that keeps happening to us."
He found his way to the lounge, and he breathed sweet, sweet relief as he was left alone with the gentle hum of the fluorescent lights and the machines. His sweet-tooth nagged at him, and he went over to the vending machine and looked over his choices, settling on a Snickers just as someone else came into the room. He rolled his eyes and let out a silent sigh and figured it was either Sam or Bucky, but he said nothing and hoped they would get the hint to leave him alone. It wasn't fun being confronted with past mistakes, especially a mistake that had caused him so much heartache, a mistake he'd taken for doing the Right Thing.
. Except for the time that you did, and Unca Bucky had to help you get it uncaught, and you told Unca Bucky not to say anything to Daddy, and Unca Bucky said,
"You think that's why they left?" Steve asked and took a large gulp of juice.
"How?"
"That's just your opinion," he said then motioned to Wilson, and Wilson sat there and tilted his head at Barton, almost like he was interested in what Barton had to say. Barton sat there a moment, staring, blinking, his mouth opening and closing a few times before Wilson said a bit smugly, "You got nothing on me, man. I am too cool for school."
Anyway, so Steve honestly didn't know what he'd seen. He'd seen Tony, and then he'd seen a mysterious woman, and then he'd seen Tony disappear and a similar-looking woman take his place. Two years ago, he would never have believed it — even if he'd seen it with his own eyes. Now, it almost felt like it was par for the course.
Because the gold engagement band Tony had planned on using as a wedding band didn't fit his finger any longer, Steve jokingly offered to buy Tony another wedding ring. Tony, to both their surprises, took him up on the offer and then proceeded to pick out a stunning diamond-and- sapphire studded band set in platinum from Tiffany's. It was half-because, when he let his gaze go fuzzy, the colors blended together and looked a little arc reactor bluish.
He shrugged. "I'll find something."
Tony swallowed, trying to read between the lines of her rather poetic words. "So, this is a permanent thing, then? You're not going to change me back? I'm like this forever?"
" and some damned cartoon with some little explorer girl came on, which...did not impress Olivia.
She shrugged but took his chin and turned his head from side-to-side, a look of intense scrutiny etched over her face. "I don't know if that means anything, really. You just…look like what you would look like if you'd been born this way."
David Welch? The one that got a stick up his ass somewhere around 1983 and hasn't been able to get it out since?
He rolled his eyes and shook his head. "Whatever. Fine. Can't believe I have to go chase my own fucking phone down because the assholes I live with think they're funnier than they are."
"Anyway, so I get away from him again and find the others, and I just settle back in at the table when Not-Don Juan shows back up and starts insulting me again. So, to
Tony made a face. "Yeah, well, clearly you were able to concentrate enough to get it up—"
He could still picture the moment — still see it clear as day as if it were playing out in front of him; that moment he realized his entire world had been stolen clear out from under him.
"Yeah, I'm sure the former Soviet assassin said it that poetically. Anyway,
But strangest and most frightening of all was the odd, short man with the messy, dark hair. He was a bit older than Steve would have imagined for himself, but, and he shut his eyes tight as he let this next thought wash over him. He was everything he'd always fantasized about, if only for a brief moment before he was able to tap those emotions back down to the deep, dark part of his soul where they came from. Steve had a thing for brunettes. This man was a brunette. He had a thing for slender bodies. This man was much more lithe and slender than Steve ever would be again. He had a thing for smartassed motor-mouths. Yeah, Steve was pretty sure this Tony fit that bill, too.
"He'd fail in his mission."
"I did not create a scene."
"Yeah? Well,
It wasn't. As it turned out, he needed shoes, which they picked up at the same department store (white again; good god, was this a joke?), and then he needed the proverbial old, new, borrowed, and blue. The 'new' constituted the dress; the 'old' was a birdcage veil that Hill had produced from…somewhere; he figured it was best not to ask from where; the 'borrowed' was a pendant necklace from Natasha; the 'blue' was the stupid and cliché garter.
How did Steve know…?
Bruce hesitated a bit, and he ran a fingertip over the lip of the teacup and said, "I— I just want to make sure you and Steve are doing this for the right reasons. Just because you're preg—"
"Oh, yeah," Rhodey said as he evidently watched him glare at the small bit of porcelain, "I asked them to give you decaf."
As he stepped back into the hallway, Tony called out after him, "Yeah? Just remember what happened the last time some space nut decided to intervene in our lives!"
" Tony cried then turned to the TV to see a static image of a five-year-old stock photo of Justin Hammer with ON THE PHONE: JUSTIN HAMMER on the screen and Hammer's whiny, nasally, petulant voice coming through as loud and clear as a phone connection could be.
"What, like electricity?" Steve asked with a frown, and Tony shrugged.
He wondered if Steve's old pal was trying to end it once and for all.
He just knew that he
Tony snorted a laugh and checked in the closet. Bingo.
"Glad?"
"So, this is what Steve's upset about."
"Uh huh."
. What had he just done?
Jesus, what a weird fucking thing to tell himself.
"How come?"
would make everything OK for him.
Steve frowned at them, furrowing his brow. "What?"
"The coffee," Steve said. "Most of the articles agree on no more than twelve ounces a day." He pointed to Tony's coffee. "Pretty sure that's a twelve-ounce cup."
"No big deal," he said and began to swipe at screens. "I don't blame you. It's not exactly… It doesn't happen in the real world."
Whatever. He stuck the glasses back on, and Steve laughed and snagged an arm around his shoulders to pull him into a half-embrace and said, "Ah, Nattie, don't be such a sourpuss."
Wilson and Thor made themselves useful by bringing up the formal dining table from the communal floor and setting it up near to the plate glass floor-to-ceiling windows that looked out over the vista of southern Manhattan and vicinity, setting up the chairs and then arguing over the proper etiquette for place settings because American customs for how to set a table didn't quite mesh with Asgardian customs. Rhodey just stood by and watched, drink of some kind in hand, then said it wasn't his deal and wiped his hands of the whole exchange when they turned to him to settle the dispute. Hill went about mixing up a punch in the large bowl she'd brought — non- alcoholic, of course, she assured Tony and Steve when Steve eyed her concoction a little too warily — and when the food was cooked and the table was set (according to a mix of customs) and the punch was ready, they all sat down to a large and raucous family-style dinner replete with humorous toasts and embarrassing stories.
Tony scratched the back of his head, his fingertips hitting the mass of bobby pins that were keeping his dark hair up in the French twist Natasha had done for him. "Because, honestly, we —
He removed his finger and readjusted the panties once again.
"You said that on purpose."
She nodded at his rather prominent belly at that.
Steve didn't have to be told twice, and after some finagling, they were able to get themselves situated and comfortable, Steve spooned up behind Tony, his one leg sharing real estate with the pillow in the space between Tony's legs. Actually, it was a good thing Steve's leg was there. The pillow alone just wasn't cutting it tonight.
Shit, he hadn't been captured by Hydra, had he?
"'Cause I know."
Tony glared at him a little. Of course he wouldn't. "Hey, great. Don't you have an old girlfriend to go beat up?"
"It's not about a look, Tony—"
And Rhodey, that traitor, totally did not call only to ask, "Wait, which tag am I supposed to use? 'Lady Liberty' or 'Miss United States'?"
"Wait," Wilson said and pointed between them with his fork, "a coin toss for that was OK, but it's a matter of life and death for the girl's name?"
Jesus fuck, how the hell
Steve let Tony take her, and as he shifted the sleeping baby from his shoulder to Tony's arms, he grumbled out, "She's my baby, too."
OK, not thinking about that right now if he wanted to keep his sanity.
, within reason. But he's not allowed to tell Bruce—"
He shook his head. "No, you didn't," he said, but there was a slight waver to his voice, and he blinked another batch of tears down his cheeks, which he yet again had to reach up and angrily brush away. "Fuck, it's this— It's all your fault!" he said and poked a finger at one of Steve's pecs. "You and your super sperm getting me knocked up. It's probably got special properties in it. I'm probably more emotional than most women in a similar situation."
the Alps, December 1944*~
what are you reading?" he asked with an annoyed groan.
"I'd rather she not try to get anything from me at all," he said and rubbed his nipple some more.
"Evidently not."
"No, I understand that," Steve said, "but the fact remains that you're a fella, and here on Earth, fellas don't have babies."
— all listen to you. Everyone listens to Captain America. You're the only one that can corral that passel of misfits and turn them into something resembling an actual team. Even I can't do that."
, I actually sort of thought I just had the
He started fiddling with the replacement arrows he'd left there. "The shower-thing? Where I said why don't you join me and you looked like I'd just asked you to murder puppies with a plastic knife."
"You mean us?"
"A father," she said with an exhaled breath. "He was a schoolteacher, I believe. Their mother died when they were very young. Other than that, I don't know. I'm not sure."
Attempting to keep his tone as even as possible, he swallowed and said, "There's more of them?"
"You sure, man?"
'Anna Tasha' he had to assume was Natasha, but he was at a loss as to who 'Uncle Sam' and 'Wanda' were. He knew asking a four-year-old would be like bashing his head against the wall, though, and he was afraid the Other Guy wouldn't be able to handle it, so he just smiled and said, "How 'bout peanut butter and jelly?"
But Steve, that jerk, just sat up now, and he made to turn back to put the light on, and Tony cried out, "No, don't!"
He forced out a laugh. "Yeah, how long have we been saying that? I had him. I fucking had him. I had him, and—"
"And there's not going to be any funny business when I turn back, right? I'm not going to find out in another two months that I'm pregnant again, right?"
It was one of those weird feelings you got, like you knew the choice you were about to make was going to alter the course of your life. Like thirty years down the road, you'd be able to look back at this moment and say
"She didn't say anything I didn't already know."
"Yeah, something like that. And Jeff isn't 'biologically' my father."
of different things for me, to be honest. Is it amusing watching you get all worked up about things? Sure. But it always has been amusing. It's also exciting and terrifying. I didn't—"
Honestly, he wasn't sure where the 'Natasha' name had come from. He didn't think it was from their Natasha, but maybe it was. Something had just compelled him to use that name, and he'd almost given the name 'Stark' as well until he'd caught himself right at the last moment and used his mother's maiden name instead. He knew Steve knew his mother's name, so he wouldn't find the last name questionable, but yeah, OK, maybe using 'Natasha' for the first name was a bit… leading.
"Uh, I thought it's 'cause you're a cheapskate that doesn't want to pay taxes?" Wilson asked.
Ordinarily, Steve would have had the common courtesy to confirm that Tony was OK for him to keep going with what he was doing — especially after claiming that Steve had just taken his virginity — but common courtesy flew out the window the moment Tony shifted just a fraction beneath him, wet warmth clenching around his shaft, and he choked on a breath and lost himself to instinct. Holding himself above, he thrust into Tony, a slow, steady rhythm that gradually became harder and faster the longer he chased after his pleasure. Tony, eyes closed and breathing heavily beneath him, didn't seem too bothered by that, a hand dropping away from Steve's shoulder at one point to reach down and fondle a breast. Steve watched, enraptured, as Tony kneaded the soft, rounded flesh before pinching and twisting a dusky nipple between his thumb and forefinger, and Steve took that as a signal of sorts. He braced the bulk of his upper body weight on his left arm, which freed up his right to reach up and aid Tony with his other breast. He cupped the weighty, warm flesh in his hand, marveling again at how perfectly it fit against his palm, and as Tony continued to fondle one breast, Steve fondled the other, kneading the flesh and pinching the nipple the way he'd seen Tony do it to himself.
Tony could do nothing but groan. "He'd just laugh, the fucker, and tell me not to worry because he knows what he's doing. Why? Because he's Captain America. Babe, that
. Do you really think—"
Natasha stared at him a moment, green eyes flickering over his face in what looked like a combination of wonder and realization, and after Bruce spotted them and headed over to them, she said to him, "Tony has a backache."
You'll never be good enough.
He made a face as he tried to figure which drawer held the flatware, and he opened three before he found the correct one. He pulled out a small salad fork for her because he thought the dinner forks were just too big for her hand, and when he handed it to her, she just looked at him and said, "Ketchup, pwease."
He put his hand to his abdomen as a wave of nausea overcame him, and he grimaced and swallowed and added, "I mean, aside from the wanting to throw up all the time."
He folded his arms and went to rest them beneath his breasts, but remembering the massive amounts of tape that covered him from shoulder-to-belly, he instead dropped his arms and put his hands to his lower back.
expected from life. For so, so long he'd just been winging it, floating along with the breeze and letting it take him where it may. He hadn't given much thought to his legacy or anything beyond the instant gratification that satiated him at the moment of experience but left him cold and empty once the initial euphoria had passed. He was relatively content to be, as he'd once described himself, a 'genius, billionaire, playboy philanthropist' and not worry about anything beyond that.
Steve thought about this a moment then nodded. "Yeah. The finger quotes. Do you think I could pull that off? I saw Bucky do it once. I mean, if he can do it, I should be able to do it, right?"
Sam… Sam… Sam… Did he know any 'Sam's? Whoever he was, he was starting to like the sounds of this guy.
She closed her mouth and pursed her lips a little as she considered her next thought.
something going on there.
Tony snorted a laugh. "I'm just that good a bullshitter," he replied and wiped off excess sauce and juice from Olivia's chin.
"Your hands are smaller," was the only thing he could be bothered to say.
Ah, so that Cap had had a period of adjustment to contend with and, from the sounds of it, had had some issues with coming out of the ice seventy years later. He wondered for a moment if their Cap did, too. He didn't
Tony lay his head back and stared at the ceiling blocks above, a very serious-looking Steve leaning over him as he tried to watch the screen and see exactly what Bruce and the doctor were seeing. Not that he'd understand it, but Tony knew Steve felt better about seeing this stuff with his own two eyes.
? No offense or anything, but I didn't take you guys for…religious…and I'm not really…into that kind of thing."
He led Tony back into the bedroom, and he lay him down on the bed, and he gazed down at him for a moment, almost as though to assure himself that everything was as it should be before he stripped himself of what little clothing he wore and climbed into the bed with him. He braced himself over Tony, covering Tony's body with his own, and as he bent his head to capture Tony's lips with his own, he nudged his knee in between Tony's legs to part them.
He shrugged. "I don't know." He motioned to Steve's large. "I'm sure that's fine— Wait, where in the fuck did you even get this stuff?"
Steve exhaled a breath and put his hands to his
"How?" Steve asked, still refusing to look at what Tony was doing.
Tony's jaw dropped. "Yeah, no,
"I hope she poops the moment you get her settled in your arms."
FYI, this chapter is kind of long compared to those that came before.
God, he was just so fucking tired.
"Yeah," he said and began to walk the room, "he's rearranging stuff."
Bruce looked like he was genuinely giving this some thought as he said, "Well, that might be true for Steve—"
Steve's gaze shot up to meet his at that. His eyes did a dance with Tony's a moment before the sharpness of his face softened, and he shook his head a little and said, "I never said he—"
"Why not?"
So, then maybe…maybe what he thought was
"Thanks," he replied and kissed Steve's cheek in return. And then, when Steve had pulled away, he added, "I mean, you'd… You'd be OK with me staying like this the rest of my life, right? I mean, you'd be OK with me
Wilson just stared at him. "Do not ever talk to my mother."
It took a moment, but Steve seemingly mustered the courage to meet Tony's gaze, and Tony took a quiet inhale of breath at the heartbreak and fear that stared back at him. His eyes did a dance with Steve's for a moment before he said, "Just tell me. 'Yes' or 'no' will do. But just tell me, are you afraid that if you…if you let yourself be happy — with me — that you're going to lose me?"
Which was, of course, what the rep was counting on.
Another shot fired off at someone trying to take off on a motorcycle. "Because clearly you're delirious, and you're hearing things in your delirium."
So, Bruce split the difference and said he'd use the bathroom attached to the lab. This meant Barnes was enlisted to wheel the gurney over to the bathroom door so that Tony had a front-row view for where Bruce ever-so-gently and tenderly gave Olivia her first bath, the baby squawking a bit uncomfortably as she found herself away from the comforting embrace of her…well, technically, Tony supposed he was her mother. Bruce cooed at her a little, and Tony was actually a bit surprised to find that he was kind of a natural with her, tending to her almost in the gentle and caring way a father would.
from this vantage point (granted, it was an old SHIELD safe-house, but did it have to be so fucking
"Are you sure?" he asked slyly, walking nimble fingers over Steve's firm pectorals.
Steve caressed his belly some more. "As long as it's healthy, I don't care. A little boy. A little girl. I don't care. I just want him or her to be healthy and happy."
to me, oh science brother of mine?"
Thor smiled. "But it is the fruit of your union, however unconventional the method of conception was. It is truly something miraculous and blessed, for there are many beings of the realms that consider such an event to be both beautiful and sacred."
"What've you got?" Steve asked Clint and motioned to the tablet in his hand.
But not content to keep that just between them, Steve made sure each and every one of their comrades knew and understood there were to be no parties nor showers nor gifts under any circumstances prior to the birth. Strangely…everyone seemed to be oddly OK with that, accepting Steve's position on the matter and agreeing with him with nary a word of protest.
And so, from the moment Anthony had become King, the Council had been pressuring him to take a queen. Preferably a noblewoman of some standing, but after years of Anthony rebuffing their suggestions, which later turned into demands, they would even suffer a
," Bruce said like it should have explained everything.
Tony nodded, still a little confused, like he was coming out of a fog, and Steve pulled away and went to go into the kitchen but thought better of it and turned back to Tony.
She nodded over his form. "You're back to normal."
"Oh, that's such a terrible way of looking at it," she muttered and shook her head.
Tony shrugged a little and swirled his glass around some as Natasha worked on painting his toes. "It's not— Look, I've gone through worse, all right? It's just… I don't know. I blew up. I didn't meant to. It just happened." He looked up at Barnes and continued, "If he's thinking I blame him for it, I don't."
He couldn't have known. How could he have known? How could any of them have known? And the reason for that — the reason he was an orphan, the reason he'd never got to see his mother one last time — was standing somewhere along the side of the road several miles back.
He tilted his head back and forth like he was weighing his options before he said, the words feeling false on his tongue, "Kinda, yeah. Been looking forward to it since January. I mean, don't get me wrong. It's been… Well, it's been interesting. Wouldn't really say it's been a
Whatever. He'd wing it.
Steve let out a breath that was anything but happy. "So, it is sabotage." Hill just shrugged, and Steve said, "So, why alert the Avengers—?"
"Yeah, well, given that the power's still out and there's no open store to purchase formula at in the tri-state area, I don't really have much of a choice."
Barton groaned loudly before Tony could say anything to that. "I
"Why not? That's how this all started, isn't it? Your buddy Wilson messaged you that there was a sighting of your little pal, and you decided you had to drop everything to run and chase after something that, let's face it, is pretty much a pipe dream at this point."
situation than either of those others. I think I'll be OK."
Cap winced a little, not in hurt but surprise and maybe even a little confusion. "Seriously?"
God), but now he knew for certain there was no such thing. No God in his right mind would dare burden anyone with him as their father.
He shook his head, his finger still poised at the name in the book. "I don't mean you were her mother. I mean— I
what happened—" but Pepper was louder and fiercer than he was, and she snapped out an angry, "
But when Howard died, Tony was suddenly heir-apparent, and building and creating and spending time with friends had to be set aside so that Tony could be properly groomed to take over the company that bore his name. And though he oh-so-politely told Obadiah Stane to 'fuck off' when Stane told him no one wanted a fag running the company, Steve wasn't about to let Tony choose between wealth and poverty. He loved Tony. He would gladly have married Tony.
Tony just nodded toward the doorway. "Go. Barton's going to threaten to leave without you."
Tony glanced back to him. "That a problem?"
stooped to listening to Darcy?" Rhodey asked, thoroughly unimpressed. "You know this is the woman that refers to Mjölnir as 'Mew-Mew,' right?"
"How long have you two been together now," Bruce said as he leaned his chin into his palm, "and I still want to tell you two to get a room?"
"Don't even go there," he said, low and dark. "Now stop pussyfooting and turn me back."
Tony heard an 'oof' sound like Steve had hit against something, and the next thing he heard was Steve's voice pleading, "
," they both said in unison again, and Barton looked at the others and said, "I know Stark pisses and moans that we're not on a sitcom, but doesn't it sometimes feel like we are?"
"Well, we were ordering. Didn't think it was right not to include you. Where were you?"
Tony used Barnes and Natasha to brace himself with so he could scoot back up the table, and he closed his legs and used the two standing on either side of him as leverage to get himself sitting upright again.
"As I understand it," he began, "they are concentrations of power as old as existence itself. They are powerful in and of themselves as we've seen — if I am correct in my assumption about the scepter possessing one of the stones — but a being that was able to unite the six individual stones would possess complete omnipotence and omniscience — would have the power to wipe out all of existence with the snap of his or her fingers—"
"No," Rhodey said and folded his arms atop the table. "I know you. You'll check up on her, and you'll have her entire life story complete with bank account, credit card, and driver's license numbers all before I set one foot out of this place."
"What?" he asked and yanked a metal meat tenderizer out of an array of utensils. That would work, right? "Steve asked you to do
Tony scoffed and rolled his eyes. "Please. Any idiot could do it."
"Only the finest vintage," Tony replied back with a bit of a haughty sniff. "Merry Christmas."
"All right," Steve said and sat down on the bed behind him, "what's going on?"
"So," she said and blew on his nails some, "have you decided? Are you going to have a nice, soothing home birth? Or maybe a water birth?"
But Tony just turned to her and winked as he said, "Trust me," then turned back to the leech. "Wanna dance? I want to."
Tony huffed and dropped his shoulders. "You don't have to be— Is my wayward husband anywhere around? Maybe I can get him to make a run for Italian."
Steve grimaced and met his gaze. "Is that bad?"
. Something about avenging. It sounded like a strange fairytale, and while Steve had never minded fairytales, per se, he also hadn't believed in them. Cute stories, but nothing beyond that.
" he cried out as the screwdriver slipped this time and hit his already sliced hand. He whipped it across the workshop then put firm pressure on his still-bleeding hand.
"Why not? He's blonde. You like blondes. Oh, like the one that's gonna go to Arlington with us!"
Tony smiled. He wanted to believe that. Really, he did, but now that the genie was out of the bottle and Steve knew the truth, he wasn't sure that he would ever not mourn the loss of what might have been, especially since Steve had kind of seen what he'd seen—
Christmas together. The less said about the first, the better."
"She'd just get insulted that I think she can't do any better than Jersey. Seriously, Tony, I think we already caused enough of a scene at the restaurant."
No!" he said and waved him off. "I'd never troll anybody. I'm Captain America."
"He is preventing our kingdom from having a God-anointed heir!" the third man said. "The King will not even think of doing right by his people so long as the
Natasha just got up from the couch, dropping her tablet on her vacated seat, and she went around and stood behind him and began to rub his shoulders and back.
He swallowed and nodded. "Antonia? You can tell me."
Tony arched and eyebrow at him. "Really starting to get the feeling my robots and AI like you better than they like me."
"Well, then," Natasha said and pushed onto the elevator. "Time's a-wastin', boys." She then smiled and cooed at Olivia and said, "I can't wait until you're old enough to help balance out this sausage fest."
"Yeah, it's weird," Bruce said, "every time you try to introduce us, something always comes up."
"Of course it's Steve's!" he cried out. "But it's just…" He turned to Bruce. "You've gotta get it out of me."
There was a funny look that came over Tony's face at that, a sort of bemused perplexity or maybe nervous wariness. Like he wasn't quite sure how to answer his question without spoiling too much for him.
"This some sort of prank?" he muttered and scrolled up the page again. That was when he saw it — a headline featured on the left-hand side:
But Steve just kept his focus on Tony, and he bumped his nose gently against Tony's and said, "Come on. Sam'll be getting impatient."
But it was nice to pretend it meant something — even if just for a moment.
As it turned out, about two hours.
of the clippers, and he swore he could hear Tony roll his eyes as he said, "That's a real vote of confidence in my abilities there."
"Figure of speech," Tony said in defense. "You know what I mean."
"It kind of is."
Tony sat back in his seat, nodding sagely as he did so. "Ah, yes, the technicality. My dear, sweet, darling husband informed me of this adventure of his a while ago but never went into detail about it. I didn't think anything of it then. Kinda had a lot of other things on my mind at the time.
Tony thought about this a moment. "It maybe wouldn't hurt—"
"Not sure 'privilege' is the word you're looking for," Tony said and made a face at the voice he spoke the words with. "I think 'burden' is closer to what you want."
Steve was quiet a moment as he scrolled through whatever he was reading on his tablet, and he sounded almost blasé as he said, "You know, those aren't necessarily the same thing."
"He doesn't really think we're that gross," Tony said and looked up at Steve, chin resting on a pectoral. "He thinks we're disgustingly cute, though."
"Wait," he said and watched as Steve sat in the rocking chair and fed her a bottle, "what do you mean by that? Why would DUM-E even—"
. He knew Steve loved him, but if Steve could have him as a
"Anyway," Tony said and glanced up at Steve. "Yes, I would like a scotch."
Steve shrugged some and said, "You know, I'm really not all
Steve thought about this a moment then said, "Sort of. This is a bit... We never had much money to go around. Some years we didn't even have a tree. We never had lights. They were too expensive. When I was really, really young, I can remember one year Ma put candles on the tree, and we had to stand there with a bucket of water and keep a watch over it just in case it went up in flames. And wrapping paper? Forget it! Completely useless and too expensive at that. And I got... I never got much. I remember one year I wanted a Lionel train set. Every kid my age did. But I knew they were expensive, and Ma couldn't afford it, so I, ah, wrote a letter to Santa asking him if he could bring me one because I knew my ma didn't have the money for it. And I asked him to bring something nice for my ma, too, because she deserved it for all the hard work she did."
"So?" he said, not really seeing he issue. "I'm not the CEO. You are. You run the company, I—"
"The hell it is."
"Helps to hear someone else say it every now and then," Tony said and kissed the top of his head again. He stood back then pointed at Steve's plate. "Eat. I know you're starving. I know you guys didn't eat much of anything except Bruce's homemade protein bars out there, and those things are definitely more 'healthy' than they are 'tasty.'"
Barnes grumbled and rolled his eyes, but Wilson said, "I'm trying to prove a point. See, Frosty here—"
"Sign yourself in, punk," he said and kicked away from the desk with his foot, rolling the chair away from the computer terminal.
"Well, before the conception occurred,
The way she said the name indicated that she knew full well that there was nothing normal about this case that had just popped into her office. Still, Tony smiled and shook her hand in return and said, "Yes," before the doctor turned to Steve and shook his hand as well. Steve made to get up as he did so, but she just waved him off and said that was fine before she went over to her desk and sat down. She typed a few things into the computer and stared at a screen a moment before she turned to them and said, "So!" She folded her hands on the desk. "Doctor Banner…explained… your unique situation to me," she said, and if Tony was feeling charitable, he would say her smile was intended to comfort and put them at ease. "Bruce is a good friend of mine, and I wouldn't want to do anything to jeopardize that. I can promise you we will be as discreet about this as necessary."
"He has to pee," Natasha translated, and Pepper rolled her eyes and said, "Why didn't he just say so?" She leveled a firm look at him and added, "Tony, we've known each other for how long? We dated. You don't have to be so—"
He got up and stretched, and he swallowed down the nausea that overcame him, but the damned thing won again, and he ran into the bathroom, threw up what little was in his stomach, and then went downstairs to the kitchen to get something to settle him. Probably more crackers and toast. That was about the bulk of what he was keeping down nowadays.
Tony looked at the cabin that had come into view. "Uh… Isn't this how every single slasher film starts?" he asked as Steve pulled the car around to the back of the cabin.
"It's a baby, Steve."
Steve side-eyed him. "You up for it?"
"No, I wasn't— It just
Jesus, where were these thoughts coming from?
So, this wasn't her after all.
"Fine by me," Tony said, grabbed Steve by the waist, and shot up through a hole in the ceiling and into the sky, Steve screaming at him to put him down the entire time. He flew them far enough away from the inferno before he settled them both down where Barton had left the jet, and Steve shoved away from him, looking sweaty and smoky and, he had to say, pretty damned pissed off.
"Always do."
"See?" Tony said and smacked Steve in the stomach. "Told you we'd be good parents."
"Hey, what's that?" Barton asked as they made their way over to the bed, Bruce and the unit on one side while Barton and Romanoff took standing positions on the other.
Steve shrugged and shoved the last of the cookie in his mouth. "Just callin' it as I see it."
Steve folded his arms, stiff, jaw set. "Because I am fifty-two years older than Tony—"
"We accept that," the first man said.
"Well," Barnes said, "it's a good thing Steve 'n' me are over ninety, isn't it?"
Tony rolled his eyes and said, "Thanks, J."
, of all people, had been the one to find it). Tony turned to her, smirking, and said, "Forgot myself there for a second."
"Tony," Bruce said, "I'm going to need you to push again the next time you—"
She huffed. "Is that 'cuz you gots Jarbus instead of Friday? Friday makes sure we gots food. What happened to Friday? Can we have Friday back?"
"What?"
Tony hummed in understanding and took the baby into his arms, cradling her and supporting her and staring down at her soft little face with her pouty lips and her feathery lashes. He bent his head and kissed her forehead, and he hummed again, this time a nondescript little tune, as he padded his way around the island loaded with feasting Avengers and into the living room. He could hear the others discussing the layout and setup of their proposed laser tag arena that — yeah, OK, maybe it wouldn't be the worst thing in the world. He could probably figure out something that would keep them entertained until the novelty wore off.
"You're harder on yourself than anyone," he finally said, and Tony snorted a laugh.
He must have sensed that his words had made Steve a bit ill-at-ease, because his expression softened, and he even smiled some as he spoke his next words.
Waiting for the Cap to come back and kiss the life out of him again.
"Yeah," he said with a nod. "Yeah, maybe I will. I have time, right?"
"Steve," Hill said, gentle, but with a knowing edge, and when Steve glanced up to meet her gaze, she looked just a shade remorseful as she continued, "you have to get ahead of this. You have to tell them the truth. Not just for yours and Tony's sakes but for the team's. Being fodder for the gossips is going to affect how well we're able to do our jobs."
"Last night?" Steve said with a derisive snort. "I've never seen you before in my life."
"All right, so, I'm on my way out of the bathroom — seriously, I have to pee, like,
"We could have handled it."
Steve motioned over the seating area and said, "Look, it's kind of busy. Why don't you go find us some seats?"
"Yeah, well, Nat—"
Steve just flipped a page. "I didn't know there was one on the table."
Steve snorted a laugh but didn't lessen his hold on Tony any. "Gonna take a lot more than that to get rid of me."
Bruce sighed and set the tablet he'd been holding down on a work table. "No, let's go down to medical. Might as well try to make this somewhat legit."
"Hmm? Oh, just checking to see if you're making things up again."
He went back over to the iron to cook up another waffle, and as he was pouring another ladle of batter onto the cooking surface, Rhodey said, "No, man, it's fine. Not making fun of you. Hell, sounds like a pretty charmed life. You spend all day playing with your kids."
"Old-fashioned is the custom now. Is that your pick for a totally-not-Maria name?" Barton said, halfway to shoving a forkful of eggs into his mouth.
Steve moved his hands to Tony's thighs and hoisted him up, Tony wrapping his legs around his waist, and Steve, barely breaking the kiss, carried him over to the steps, intent on wishing Tony a 'Merry Christmas' in his absolutely favorite way.
Tony ended up ordering the same thing Steve did, telling the waitress in all seriousness that he didn't want any of that health-food crap and throw some extra grease on before yelling this same demand to the short-order cook in the kitchen.
"Are you kidding me?"
"Not that I'm sure this is any news to you, but, as it turns out, this is also the same
"OK, could you maybe go back to using your words? You're not saying a damned thing, and yet, I'm the one feeling like the idiot here."
pressed it in the naïve hope that Steve would finally realize what a stupid and wasted endeavor this was and just let them go home already.
How can you possibly find that attractive? Especially after..."
you've seen since, I don't know, a giant, green rage monster trashed Harlem? Sorry, Bruce."
"Hmm… First, how 'bout I go brush my teeth? It's hard to feel sexy when you have the taste of Italian sub and
"Can you fly us out of here?" he asked, glancing back in time to see the telltale motion of Tony attempting to call the armor to him. He glanced back to the Iron Man and saw that it continued to stand motionless as it stood watch, and he looked back to Tony to see him frowning and looking down at a slender forearm, fingers trailing over where Steve knew he'd embedded sensors beneath his skin.
"Does that mean you're going to tweeze your eyebrows?"
"Oh, she's on my list, definitely," Tony agreed, sipping down the last of his drink.
"No, no, nothing at all. Just that in the last half-hour that I've been down here, twenty-five of those minutes have been spent on you talking about everything from Cap's slang problems to the fact that he didn't get one of your admittedly pretty
" he yelled and held his hand against the newly over-sensitized area, surprise still written all over his face.
Yeah, so, sounded dark and intimidating but didn't exactly look it…
"You hear right," Thor said. "You've been putting your spells to use on Midgard."
"If you're not careful, I'm going to."
Steve frowned. "Tony, what are you talking about?"
had misplaced the coffeemaker. He grumbled and began a search for the contraption, going through cabinets and searching though high shelves that Steve liked to tease him about not being able to reach without the aid of a chair or a stepladder.
to be a girl, I want everyone to remember this conversation. I also want Barton to pay me fifty bucks."
Tony blew out a breath, and Natasha moved down his back some. "OK, so, what? Fourteen hours?"
Natasha disappeared for a few minutes, and Tony was just beginning to think that she was leaving him to stew by himself when she reappeared, a glass in one hand and a kit of some kind in another. "Here," she said, holding out the glass to him, and he took it, seeing it was a tumbler of something caramel colored and fizzy over ice. There was a slice of lime and a slice of lemon in it and a little red stirrer-straw-swizzle-stick-thing sticking out of it.
He made like he was going to get up, and Barnes just looked at him like he couldn't honestly tell if he was joking or not, but Barton said, "You really want him to murder you in your sleep, don't you?"
Tony nodded and hugged his arms around himself some more, rocking himself gently in some odd means of trying to self-soothe. "Don't think we have a choice."
Her lips twitched a little as she focused her gaze on Tony.
"Does
"Principle of the thing," he replied as Barton set the bowl down on the table.
what you did, but that doesn't mean I don't love her. I just know it would be
They stayed in those positions for what Steve felt was an agonizingly long period of time, and just when he was sure Tony was summing up the courage to say, "
of the Chancellor, you will be doing the kingdom much more harm than you can imagine," she said, her voice dark and low, and another odd chill overcame the men. "I would not even entertain such thoughts."
"Hey," he said, looking equal parts coy and bashful and cute.
"How?" Steve asked through a mouthful of food.
"You're not fine. You haven't eaten anything since you threw up last night. You need to eat something."
"Are you the 'Danny' or the 'Sandy' in this situation?" Natasha asked.
Barnes turned to him. "Is he?" he asked, but there was a clouded distance in his eyes that made it hard to read the intent.
His smile broadened, and there was a mischievous twinkle in his gorgeous blue eyes as he said an even more enigmatic, "Magic," if that was even possible.
"We're the clean ones, right Papa?" she said. "Daddy 'n' Maddie are the messy ones. But that's 'cuz Maddie's a baby and she doesn't know any better. Daddy's old enough to know better. That's what you say."
He walked in between the back bumper of the Audi and the front bumper of some piece of shit that didn't even have a front plate on it and stepped onto the sidewalk. He walked the twenty feet down the block to the shop's front door, peering inside through rose-tinted glasses to see how busy it was.
"Wait," Bruce said. "So, you're the neat one and he's the slob?" He pointed at Tony and Steve respectively with his spoon.
, and Steve was never going to stand between Tony and what Tony needed. Tony might hate him, might scream at him and throw things at him and tell him he hated him, but Tony would see, somewhere down the line, that Steve was right. There were certain things in life that were known and accepted. Tony Stark, the heir to the Stark Industries fortune, shacking up with some broke art student, was not one of those things.
"No," Natasha said and rubbed his shoulder. "We're not disgusted by you and Steve sucking face—"
But Sam wasn't buying it. "It totally counts. Twenty bucks."
Steve grinned at him. "Sure we do..."
"People know we're dating, Tony. It's public knowledge that Captain America and Iron Man are together."
There was a grunt like Steve had just hit something, and he heard the telltale cracks of gunfire. "
Steve shot a pointed and somewhat annoyed look at her, which didn't even seem to faze her, if the unimpressed smirk was anything to go by, and he turned back to Tony and put gentle hands on his arms and softened his face to something less murder-y.
"How are we the losers in that scenario?" Bucky asked, but Sam just rolled his chair so that he was cornering Steve in and, hopefully, blocking him from any view.
It. Fucking.
, but it still meant something to him to hear it. Good as he felt about himself and as much as he'd come to tolerate what had been done to him, there was still that part of him that was unsure of everything, that thought perhaps people — and not just Steve (though that was…yeah, that was probably not the case now) — were repulsed by what they saw because Tony might have the appearance of a woman, but he had been a man and a pregnant one at that.
But, as it was said, desperate times called for desperate measures.
Tony was startled out of his stupor enough to say, "Wait, what—
Tony rolled his eyes. "Yeah, I don't think so, babe. This is the woman that Rule 63'd me without even stopping to wonder if she should do it."
Steve opened his mouth to respond, but Thor, digging through the fridge for something to eat, said, "I trust it is a good thing you did not accompany us on our beach adventure then."
" JARVIS said, "
"I thought he was dating Tony Stark?"
"Hey! I'm not that bad."
"Yeah? What kind of problem?" he asked, not really paying attention because he'd promised Barton, who'd hightailed it out of town somewhere, he'd look into making him some arrows that held a better charge.
"God, I hope not," he muttered with a scoff and rolled his eyes.
He supposed that should have been his first red flag. Maybe that Tony had just rounded up, but so far as he understood it, he'd been gone for just over sixty-seven years, not seventy. Still, the moment he'd understood himself to be several decades into the future, he'd thought, perhaps, that it was true, that everything Tony had told him and shown him was true — or would be true. Yes, he'd lost his entire world, but what he would get in return — a love unlike anything he'd ever known, a
And who's to say that where she comes from isn’t— Who's to say
"Yeah, Bruce. She's mine. She's my flesh and blood. She has my DNA. God's sake, Bruce, she
"Honestly, Wilson, you just sound jealous."
"You don't agree?"
"And I really did think it was what he wanted."
dressed like that ever again, do you understand me?"
"I know I have to. I know, if this is real then it's only a glimpse, but I don't want… I don't want to leave."
"She's not a 'goddess,'" Steve muttered.
money?" Steve said and turned to another page in the book.
attracted to me no matter what I look like, and if that isn't true love, then what is?"
Wallet?  Check. Phone? Check. Personal checkbook? Check. Antacids? Check.
"She's right," Hill said, and Tony turned to her in annoyance. "Steve's… Steve's a very…"
"Nope," Steve said with a shake of his head. "Not until tomorrow."
He exhaled a breath, drummed up the courage, and stuck the spoon in his mouth.
Maybe thinking Tony would play dumb, Steve didn't even hesitate to catch the nurse's attention so that she knew she'd been heard, and Tony grumbled to himself and clutched his bag as he stood up. He went over to meet up with the nurse, and when he caught her gaze, he motioned back toward Steve and said, "Uh, is it OK if my—"
" he cried, though she hadn't taken a step toward him. "I'm not…" He made a face and motioned to his breasts. "I'm not still going to have these, right? Everything is going back to the way it was. I mean,
Dropping to one knee beside the seemingly unconscious figure, Steve stole a quick glance up at the creature that had done this — an ethereally beautiful woman with eyes the color of polished emeralds — and he opened his mouth to demand to know what she'd just done, but she merely smiled and disappeared in a flash of amber and lavender light, a cloud of smoke remaining in her wake.
Natasha exhaled a heavy breath. "I'm sorry, Tony."
He went to make his way over to the elevator, and Tony called out, "What if it starts coming before then?"
OK, maybe he was wrong.
"You know? 1944 Steve is as much of an ass as his 2015 counterpart. I don't know why I thought you would be less-so, but you're as big a jerk as he is."
Sam just shook his head, and Bucky pursed his lips in annoyance and said, "See, it's things like this why you're still single."
She made a face. "It's gross."
Steve, recognizing what the event had turned into, just asked, "See? Was it so hard to wait until afterward?" only to end up with a sigh from Wilson and a headshake from Barnes as he said, "Gotta get you out of that old-world way of thinking, Stevie."
. I like walking around here feeling like I'm fucking Aphrodite herself."
"Things to do, Stark," Barton said with an easy shrug. "Not all of us get waited on hand-and-foot by a gullible super soldier."
"Who? Is who gone?"
Pepper stared at Steve a moment before she turned to Tony. "Did I just get schooled in sexual harassment by—"
Steve just put his hands up and said, "Clearly, you're her actual biological father. Not me." Tony just stared at him a moment but didn't say anything.
in your head."
He hadn't forgotten about what the doctor had asked for, and when Bruce showed up in the penthouse later that morning after the other moochers had left to do whatever it was they did when there wasn't any Avenging to do, Steve appeared from out of nowhere (OK, actually he just happened to come downstairs at that point in time) and said, "Bruce, Doctor Ganford wanted Tony to see about getting some blood and urine tests done. Tony would feel more comfortable if you could do them for him."
gelato but I'm not seeing any that say 'open 24-hours.' You know, back in my day, they had all-night drugstores—"
Tony hummed a bit and said, "We've got some experience with that."
"Look, I wasn't
“Hmm…” Tony said, rubbing his hands up and down Steve’s arms. “I think we may need to do something about that.”
He grabbed his bagel off the island and reached over and pecked Steve on the lips. "Whatever happens, I want you to remember you brought this on yourself. I'm making reservations for eight tonight. Keep a watch on your phone for the details. And get Wilson to help you get dressed. I want you looking like a million bucks. Or a billion. Preferably a billion."
" JARVIS said just as he'd approached the stairs. "
Bucky and Sam stared at him a moment before Bucky said to Sam, "Look, I'm gonna give him that one. That man is head-over-heels nuts for him."
Steve swallowed again, and though he knew this could very well be his undoing, he knew with every fiber of his being that it was the absolute truth of the matter.
Tony arched an eyebrow and looked up at the ceiling aga— God
He hadn't had counted on something happening to
"The ice. Well, not too much."
wasn't made for this sort of thing and lay back against the pile of pillows that hadn't been there the last time he'd lain upon the table. Bruce was decked out in something that looked almost like a disposable hazmat suit, and were he in a better place, he would have teased the hell out of him for it. As it was, he just lay there, and Bruce told him to pull his legs up, but it was difficult getting traction on his own, and so Natasha was enlisted to aid him once again.
Steve, and, so help me god, if I don't get him back in a timely fashion, there is going to be hell to pay."
"Can An' Pepper come with us?"
"Just trust me on it," Tony said with a sigh.
to get married as soon as you get knocked up, but I just… I want to marry you, and who am I kidding? I'm not getting any younger. I might be dead in five months—" Steve opened his mouth to protest that, but Tony reached out and put a hand over his mouth to stop him before he could. "And if I don't, I'm still going to spend the rest of my life with you. Why the hell not? Besides, I could use the tax break."
in person with crystalline blue eyes that seemed to change color depending on the light and long eyelashes and a shoulder-to-waist ratio to die for. He was polite and earnest and had a wickedly dry sense of humor that seemed to go over everyone's heads.
So, though #LadyLiberty nobly did what it could, #JabbatheSlut was just too powerful to be completely stopped. It was all over social media, it made it into late night hosts' monologues, and though Steve was incensed by the tag's existence and its implications, the way Tony saw it, if he was Jabba the Hut, then Steve was Princess Leia, which meant—
"That's not what I said."
"Look at me, Steve. Look at me and tell me that you would still be right here right now even if Nat hadn't gone and made some very scary threats to you."
Tony met his gaze, and there was stubborn confrontation wired into his jaw, but there was also a twinkle of warm delight in his eye.
But Steve reached out and brushed a few tendrils of dark hair away from his face. "You still look beautiful to me," he murmured. "My Antonia."
," he said, the words automatic like he was only saying them because he thought he was supposed to. "I've always been a man."
Bruce looked up from his motions and met Tony's gaze. "It's OK to actually enjoy the fact that you're having a baby. It's OK to be excited by the fact that you and Steve are going to be parents. It's OK to embrace this part of you. You don't have to keep up appearances for any of us."
"So?"
"OK, look, I'm going to clue you in on a little something. That wet stuff that people leak from their eyes? Those are called 'tears.' It means they're crying because they're upset."
"Old habits die hard."
Tony made a 'pfft' sound, but he hadn't tensed up in the slightest, so Steve took that as a good sign that Tony was open to joking about their age difference tonight. "Please," Tony said, "you love that I talk as much as I do. It's one of your kinks. I don't know how that works, but look, whatever floats your boat, yeah? And besides, you're exaggerating. I don't talk that much. And if you think I do talk a lot, then maybe you just can't keep up, and I'm sorry about that, babe, but you knew what you were getting into when you married me, and yeah, sorry, no take-backs on that. The only way you're getting rid of me is if I crash-land in a giant fireball into—"
"OK, but that doesn't mean he's—"
Barnes just shook his head, looking like he was contemplating or debating something in his mind but not seeming to find the words he wanted to express what he was thinking.
"So, you decided to act like assholes to me?"
are you two down here?" Natasha asked, all but gritting her teeth at them.
And Jesus fuck was she a handful!
"Yeah, 'bubonic plague' wasn't an option," Tony muttered, but Steve blew out a breath and said, "Well, my ma got hit with TB. That's what did her in. Dad died in the war. Mustard gas. Never met him."
How are you stuck carrying boxes while the one with the bionic arm gets to sit in the car and laugh at you?"
"Easier to get your mouth around," Rhodey mused, and at Tony's bemused look, he added, "Don't tell me you haven't thought about it. You've thought about everything else."
"Fuck?" Tony suggested, and Steve scowled at him.
Tony raised an eyebrow. "Excuse me?"
"Nah, not in trouble. Not anymore, anyway." He wiggled his left hand in Steve's grasp. "Got the license to prove it. I don't know if it counts if it's conceived out-of-wedlock…"
Tony, in the middle of sipping his drink, nearly spit it back into the glass, and Pepper said to Steve, "It always amazes me when men act confused like they
fix it, anyway. It just…has to run its course," he finished with a slightly defeated shrug.
"Yeah? What's that you're doing then, huh?"
"Yes," Barnes and Wilson muttered in unison, and Steve glanced up to stare at them in disapproval and disappointment.
Muesli. Fucking muesli.
It was the thought that counted, he supposed.
," JARVIS intoned, and Tony rolled his eyes and glanced over to Natasha, who just raised an eyebrow at him and said, "
Tony grinned but kept his eyes on the road. "Come on, Steve. I'm the genius, but you're not an idiot. You can do a simple equation. What's 2015 minus 1918?"
"What? Why?" He sat up again. "Oh, god, it really is a tumor, isn't it? Gun to my head, I didn't actually mean it before. I was kind of just saying it to be an ass. I didn't really think it was a tumor. But, oh, god, it's really a tumor, isn't it?" He pointed at Barton and Romanoff. "Breathe one word of this to Steve, and you're cut off."
Flat changed to disbelief.
A dream, he realized with no small amount of crushing disappointment. It had all been a dream. A very vivid, very warm, very lovely dream. Of course it was a dream. To believe that Hydra would still exist in 2015! (And wasn't that an odd year to dream about?) Or that he would marry
Tony rolled his eyes and waved him off. "Never mind," he muttered, not feeling the need to explain the quirks of geriatric former politicians to the youngest geriatric in the world.
He nestled a little closer to Steve and closed his eyes. What did it matter? The public would believe whatever they wanted. They could and would get the truth out there. They would lay it out exactly as it was. Didn't mean the public had to believe it. Or accept it. But so long as they had done their part, Tony figured that was enough.
But Natasha just smiled at him, her eyes going soft and maybe even a little fond. "Of course, it's different with you, isn't it?"
Steve frowned at him. "Tony, please," he said, the words taking on a rather pleading tone. "Go to bed. You're exhausted. You're over-tired."
Tony groaned and sank back against the pillows some. "
"Yeah, well," Tony muttered and picked his cup back up again, "I don't believe in that."
"Well, yeah, but—"
Bruce put his hands up. "I'm just saying, Tony! It sounds like—"
"I could run a coffee shop."
" then quickly pulled the baby away from his chest and set her down on the bed.
"Be a terrible thing," Steve agreed and rubbed gentle hands over Tony's back, dipping down to the small of his back and the rise of his ass. He ran his hands down, digging his fingers into the firm flesh of Tony's gorgeous behind, Tony's interest in their endeavor making itself known as it pressed into his thigh.
He curled up on his side, his hair damp even after being towel-dried by Steve, and squeezed his eyes shut tight, willing himself to fall asleep. Maybe this was all a dream. Maybe it was all just a horrible nightmare, and if he fell asleep, then he'd immediate wake up back in the normal, real world where this thing he had gotten himself into (with Steve's help — can't forget Steve's help) was completely impossible.
Steve just stared pointedly at him. "They get at
degradingly sexist our media was," he said then glanced over to where Barnes, an apron over his torso and a glowering look on his face, stood at the stove and insisted one more time, "I can't
"How does it make more sense for her to be from an alternate universe instead of the future?"
"Your prior lives together," she replied like the answer was obvious.
"Uh," he said and leaned back against the counter. "Well, you said your…
But Steve shook his head and said, "I can't leave—"
"Good."
have an arc reactor?"
with them. You completely missed the plastic, cartoon, Avenger-shaped ornaments on the tree, didn't you?"
"Well, the dawn of the Avengers, anyway." He watched as Steve set his coffee down and went over to the fridge. "It doesn't strike you as at least a
"Yeah, no, sorry 'bout that. We were kind of dicks about the whole 'can we have one holiday to ourselves?' thing, so they promised to leave us alone until the day after. Which is a shame because I think you'd get a big kick out of them. I mean, I know you've got your little band of commandos at this point, but they're all just your garden-variety humans, right?"
The other member of his party hadn't arrived yet, per the maître d', and his small clutch borrowed from Natasha in-hand, he followed the waiter over to the table and sat, a little put out by the fact that it was beside the kitchen doors. Well, he had made it last minute, and he hadn't dropped the name 'Tony Stark,' so he couldn't be all that surprised that they'd ended up with a shit table.
"Yeah."
" He giggled a little more and said, "I don't know why. It's stupid."
He shut the fridge and checked his watch. His shift didn't technically start for another ten minutes, and he thought about bringing up that video on his phone — the one where Tony had looked dead into the camera and said Steve owed him a ring. It didn't mean anything; he knew it didn't mean anything.
is why I don't like to take you places," Jane said, exasperation evident in her voice.
it is can't be what it is."
But the nurse just smiled and wrote something down on a sheet of paper before she reached out and pulled up the measuring rod then set about recording his height.
"Well, isn't that convenient?" she said, a bemused twist to her lips. Tony shrugged, bouncing just a little with each pushup Steve did.
to him except wake him up and put him in a good mood. "If any of you people were well-adjusted enough to be able to form stable romantic relationships, you'd understand that yes, the welfare of your partner always comes before the welfare of your comrades."
. She had a 'Papa'
"He's always so positive, isn't he?" Bruce mused.
"OK, you have
"And you're sure about that?"
"Yeah, no, that's where I'm going to correct you on that, Birdman—"
"Wait, what makes you think he's the father?" Tony asked, but Steve shot him a sour look then turned to the doctor.
He felt Steve brush his mouth against his forehead, and Steve murmured to him, "So, uh, are you up for anything, or, uh…"
"No," Pepper said as she typed something into her phone. "No, she ambushed you. It wasn't your fault."
Tony shot a glance at the other side of the road. "Wait," he said and tried to look beyond the leaves and the flecks of sunlight to see if there was anything that wasn't supposed to be there, "did you hear something?"
He grabbed his joe from the table and took a swig of it, and he padded into the living room and said, "Hey, kiddo. I don't know what you think you're doing over there, but you're going down for a nap now."
He didn't believe that he'd lost Pepper. They'd be OK. Maybe things were rocky now, but they'd be OK. They'd get through this. They were never meant to be more than friends, anyway.
steps. Jesus Christ, you fucking old man."
Almost his whole fortune because there was a little part of him that thought Cap might not be
"You'll see," was all he said before he leaned down, pecked another quick kiss against Tony's lips, murmured something that sounded an awful lot like 'I love you,' and then dashed back off to the portal, answering Olivia's queries about what they were doing with, "We're going home, doll-baby."
He let out a heavy sigh. "He ran away from home and he doesn't want us to find him."
"That's not what you said in the limo. And, you know, I didn't really say that," Wilson said as she led him over to their table.
"OK," he said, "you're going to feel a little pinch."
One lone flash went off while the assembled crowd looked at each other again, and Tony huffed a little and rolled his eyes.
"Is that what we're calling it?" Tony mused with a lopsided smile.
"Cap's idea," Barton said without turning around. "Said it would build morale and team spirit and all that shit if we spent all our time together. Blame him."
"What the hell are you doing?" Tony cried and watched as Steve struggled to get free of Thor's grasp as Thor carried him over to the elevator.
"Daddy needs to clean up after himself," she said definitively, like it was the last word on the matter. "I clean up after myself! I put my toys away!"
"Oh!" he said, "And you can tug it around, too."
"Again, I'm rich and easy. I'm someone to take the edge off with. He has his
He did — of course he did. His hormones were raging. But he still gave a flat smile and shook his head some and said, "No. Go give the old lady a thrill."
He heaved out a sigh. "When we were arguing on the side of the road — when he decided to stay with
"Why don't you want your daughter to go to MIT?"
"You know, this is kind of drafty," Tony said, grimacing a little at the fact that he wasn't wearing anything underneath, hoping his bravado would distract from the stubborn tears of exhaustion and embarrassment he wasn't able to mask.
"And?"
Steve stared at him a moment then said, "I'll think about it."
Steve sucked in a breath through his nose and nodded. "You did," he said, exhaling the breath, and Tony finally found the courage to meet his eyes again. "Nat may have mentioned something," he said by way of explanation, "plus, there's audio on the footage. You didn't say much, but what you did say… I really wish you'd asked me to stay. I would have stayed."
He stayed down there a little while longer before he figured he should venture out in search of, well, he told himself it was food but a part of him wanted to see where Steve had gone no matter how pissed he still was at him. He went up to the penthouse and padded through the living room, finding no sign of Steve. He went into the kitchen and glanced around, but again, no sign of Steve.
But Steve shook his head a little and said, "Not sure I want to imagine what might have happened to Buck had you not."
"It's not that bad!" Bruce said.
show, Tony supposed, but not as nice as he might have liked (or been able to pay for himself) — and Natasha insisted she and the others could clean up if he and Steve wanted to retire for the night. Steve tried to be noble about it and stay behind to clean up, but Tony just shoved at his chest to push him over toward the elevator and said, "Steven, they are volunteering to clean up. Let them earn their keep."
Tony didn't have to be told twice.
But Tony ignored him and continued his point. "The problem is we can't agree on what should be the first and what should be the middle."
Maybe in his next life.
Tony was an absolute natural with the stubborn little toddler that bore such a resemblance to him.
"Last night. You were already asleep. They took my shield away from me," he grumbled, and Tony snorted a laugh.
least of all
He set her down on her changing table, and luckily, her eyes were drooping no matter how much she fought it.
Natasha just continued to rub soothing strokes down his back. "Steve's a very progressive-minded guy for the era he was born in. But there's a part of him that's still a bit—"
He shrugged. "Well, you made an effort. That's what counts, right?" She nodded a little then said, "Are you happy?"
Asshole.
"Look harder."
Steve chuckled a little and rubbed his belly some more once the movements had subsided again. Tony squeezed his legs together a little to try and stop that twinge of intrigue that was going on down there because there was no way Steve was going to follow through on it and Tony wasn't in the mood to finish it off himself.
"Sure, baby," he said and brushed his lips over the crown of her head. "Anything you want."
Steve's heart warmed at the remembrance of a long-forgotten memory of Tony, starving after a long inventing-binge, pressing his face into Steve's shoulder and saying,
She didn't even have to think about it. "Your smile."
"I'm not
Thor saw the universe in a way that Steve knew he never could — or didn't think he could — because Thor had lived many more years than Steve ever wanted to and had seen more than Steve could even imagine. Or could have imagined before Hydra and New York and the Not-Goddess Esmeralda. To Thor, life on Midgard existed in the blink of an eye, and there was nothing odd to him about just picking up and moving on once the people he knew had shuffled off this mortal coil.
"Hey! I am a fucking
Afterward, he sat on Steve's back to provide a counter-weight for him as he did pushups, pouring the remains of another bottle of water down his throat as his vantage point moved up and down with each pushup Steve did. He gave a salute to some of the others when they showed up to use the equipment, Natasha smiling a little, Barnes raising an eyebrow before he shook his head, and Barton, who groaned as he dropped his bag of…junk?...on the floor and said, "What did we tell you about keeping that shit to your own floor?"
Tony's hand stilled just before the container of orange juice. He was actually kind of craving it, but he didn't know when it was purchased, and there was every reason to believe his darling husband had already backwashed into it, the freak.
Tony snorted a laugh. He sat back in his chair and folded his arms. "Are you kidding me? You
"That would, of course, be easier," the first man to speak said. "But the King seeks his nightly
Barnes sobered a little and shook his head. "No, absolutely not, and do not tell Steve I laughed at you."
"What? Steve! I thought you said the press is going to be all over you for this?"
time you've made some pervtacular comment about my breasts. Steve—" nodded from Steve to Barton, "—avenge my honor."
A look of shock and horror crossed Steve's face, and as he turned to meet Tony's gaze, Tony reached out and patted his arm. "Yeah, babe, glad you got the reference on that one."
Then again, all Steve had done was gone on some daytime talk show relatively unannounced to out himself to the public, and that had all but stopped the world on its axis.
healthy enough, but it doesn't mean that you
"But I'll age now."
want this baby), but it was what had to be. Steve had made his choice, and he'd chosen his old pal over his own fucking husband— wife— whatever the fuck Tony technically was. Tony didn't think he could do this alone, and, to be honest, he didn't want Barnes knowing
And why stop at one?
But it was a dream. It was a dream. It didn't mean anything. It was a combination of things. He was desperately horny and had been for some time now. And he was terrified that the child that grew within him could be turned into a weapon. His brain had put two-and-two together and—
woman with all my parts intact and at a rather opportune point in my monthly…cycle."
But he shook his head again. "I was given this for a reason—"
"Between?"
"I'm not—"
He wasn't sure he would ever not think about the what-might-have-been.
He suddenly realized he didn't have to ask Rhodey anything. He had a little blabbermouth sitting right beside him that would tell him anything he wanted to know. But he'd promised Rhodey he could keep the mystery alive a little while longer, and besides, there was no guarantee that — if the Rhodey that Olivia knew was even married — that he was married to the same woman there that he would eventually marry here, and there was no guarantee that the woman he was currently going to meet was that woman, anyway.
He exhaled a breath, and he hoped the slump in his shoulders wasn't as noticeable as it felt. He smiled a little, his insides crumbling. He was pretty sure he'd just been what he'd heard Clint term 'friend-zoned.'
"Guess I just couldn't sleep," Cap finally said. "I'll let you get back to your, uh, television, I guess."
"Sass-bot," Tony muttered. He leaned against the rear wall of the car and folded his arms, waiting the few moments it took to arrive at the designated floor, wondering if he was craving more red sauce or Alfredo. He'd say why not both, but he didn't want to be a glutton, even if Steve would gladly polish off what he couldn't or didn't. And if Steve didn't, there was always his merry band of pranksters.
what was going on — and he'd wager better than anyone in that goddamned room.
to give him any privacy, just stood there with his arms folded as he watched Tony maneuver with the bra.
"Uh—" he scratched the back of his head, "—Tony usually ended up flat on his back."
He really, really didn't think he'd have to put up with her ever again.
Steve's birthday party.
"Oh, only until it's born." She waved a dismissive hand at him. "Standard procedure. Don't be so dramatic, Son of Odin. You know full-well that's how it works."
He shrugged and plugged in the necessary parameters to the program. "Wasn't really paying attention. Didn't think I'd need to care—"
Ella just tweaked a smile and raised her hand a little like she was trying to be polite about cutting into their back-and-forth, and once she realized she'd gotten their attentions, she tweaked another small smile at them and said, "I'm sorry, what do you mean— Are you trying to say—? I mean, I read a rumor about it
“You disobeyed a direct order!”
"Apple juice," Olivia said. "In th' little bottles like this." She held her two index fingers about four inches apart, one above the other, and Rhodey nodded and said, "I'll be right back."
"You're embarrassing yourself. Just act like yourself. Stop pretending to be some goofy frat boy hipster."
"Of course you can't," she muttered, finger hovering over her mouth. "You're not made for that. You're not the creator. He is."
He motioned to Natasha. "Can kill you in her sleep."
thing if the government kept better control over you people."
Steve ignored the tease and instead said, "Do I have another family?"
Steve took the bottle out of Tony's hand, and he set it on the table then pulled Olivia's hand out of her mouth.
He only got a
"Merry Christmas," Steve replied and didn't fight it as Jim scooped Olivia up off his lap and settled her into his arms.
"Yeah," he said and blew out a breath, "that one was a little stronger than the others." She nodded and hopped off the table. "I'll go get Bruce—"
"No," Natasha said and reached out a hand to stroke his hair, and DUM-E picked his arm up a moment to watch the scene in front of him, "it's labor. It's just going a bit slow for you. That's all."
"Really?" Steve asked him, flat and a little disappointed and still red with embarrassment, the tips of his ears gone adorably pink with mortification.
"So, wait," Barton said and stepped closer to peer at the monitor. "Does that technically make Stark a hermaphrodite?"
"Buck knew. About me. About…that fella. Told me it was stupid and dangerous and I was just going to get hurt or thrown in jail or worse. I…knew he was right." He shrugged. "I listened to him."
"They were good," Steve said in his defense.
"Oh, yeah," Barton said, coming back over. "That kid's not going to be spoiled at all."
"Thank you," he murmured to him, and though he didn't really care if anyone else in the room heard it, he still really wanted it to be something just between him and Rhodey. Rhodey's approval meant a lot to him, and not that he thought he would have
Steve pulled away from Tony's embrace, and, frowning, he cupped his face in his hands, turning his head from side-to-side as he looked for injuries.
Jeez, how long had he been in that shower for?"
"Yeah."
He rolled his eyes and grabbed the carton of orange juice from where it sat by Thor's hand. "Steve, if you backwashed into this—" he said as he poured some into his empty coffee mug.
” behind him.
He happily checked off 'married' on the 'marital status' line, and then— "Uh, babe?"
"Too kind, babe," Tony said and swallowed his nerves as he stepped around the table and made his way over to where Barnes stood beside Steve. "All right, let's see what we have here."
No, not thinking that. Not going down that route again. Not now. Not ever. Son-of-a-bitch wasn't worth it. He wasn't worth the tears, not like...
"In what? Arrows and bad jokes?"
She stopped protesting and squirming and paused to look at him and— Good heavens, he wasn't crazy or anything, but that face. That disbelieving, disapproving face. That wasn't Tony looking at him.
The door opened, the chatter and murmur of the crowd breaking the quiet void, and there was the flash of photography as he stepped out of the car, aided by the valet. He squinted even through the rose tint of his glasses and fumbled for what to do for only a second before Steve was beside him, wearing a pair of aviators, his jaw set and his lips pursed. Tony took hold of Steve's offered arm, and they took exactly two steps forward before there was a camera and a microphone in their faces, and one of the news network's reporters was directing questions at Steve, saying, "Captain, it's such a pleasure to see you here at the Stark Foundation gala tonight. I see you've brought Miss Carbonell along as your date for the evening. Is it true you and Tony Stark have parted ways because of your affair with Miss Carbonell?"
"So, then I can just presume you only meant to put 'alcoholic'?"
Tony rolled his eyes. "
Tony just ground the heels of his palms into his eyes then peeked one eye at Bruce. "Not the issue with it, Brucie-goosey. I'd actually be very disappointed in you if that was one of your hang-ups."
"Tony, go get some rest. The lab will still be there tomorrow."
She shook her head. "Nah, 'nly sometimes."
—" he said above Tony's attempt to protest, "—I mean in your life period. How could you know Stane was going to try to have you killed in Afghanistan? How could you know someone you were too drunk to remember meeting at a conference years earlier was going to be the one to save your life? It would be one thing if this all happened to you and you didn't do anything to course-correct it. If you just kept living your life the way you had been. But you didn't. You stopped building weapons. You stopped drinking. You converted your company's mission to clean and renewable energies and technological advancements. You became the hero you were always meant to be — even without your suit. You gave a bunch of wayward souls a home. You're right. I don't know that Tony Stark, and I never will because he doesn't exist anymore. But I know this Tony Stark — this amazing, wonderful, brilliant man — and, god help me, I'm in love with this Tony Stark with all his neuroses and all his eccentricities, and nothing he says is ever going to get me to change my mind that he is
Tony snuffled one more time and rubbed his face against Steve's chest. "Goddamn it, Steve. I'd just stopped fucking crying."
"Do I have
Steve merely nodded, and Esmeralda stepped back and said, "Until we meet again, Captain," and, in a flash of lavender and amber, was gone.
"Yeah," he said, unsure how exactly to take that. "Don't mention it."
The hero worship hadn't really survived adolescence, though, and by the time Tony had met the man for real when he was going on forty-two, all that was really left for him was contempt. Contempt for the fact that Howard had seemingly cared more for his dead friend than he had for his own son; contempt for the fact that he was expected to deal with this walking anachronism like he actually had a valid viewpoint; contempt for the fact that he had feet made of clay.
"Yeah, that's fine if your birthday's on a shitty day like Tax Day or Flag Day, but yours is on Independence Day. Plus, you're 'Captain America.' I think it might be…
Thor just smiled at him, and Steve could tell he understood far better than he would sometimes let on. "I am certain your mother greatly appreciated your concern and well-wishes for her."
They stopped outside the office, the rest of the bureau all but dead thanks to it being technically after-hours. Tony waited outside the office door with Natasha and Rhodey (and Pepper and Happy) while Hill, Thor, and Bruce slipped in to see if everything was set up, and he considered the bouquet in his hands and said, "Honestly, I thought if I ever got married, I'd be the one wearing the tux and not the white dress."
Steve shrugged. "Dunno. Try not to think about that too much."
He nodded. "Yeah. Here's the thing — might be a little TMI — but I am sore as fuck, and I kind of have to pee, and it's going to take me about half-an-hour to get up those stairs."
"Because that's the 'in' thing now," Barton said as he met up with them, Thor dragging the Iron Man armor right behind him. "It's a way of involving the father in the pregnancy, too, I guess. Think it's kind of stupid myself, but some people think it's some sort of—"
. Steve ogling him was one thing. It was a given. A stranger was another thing entirely.
If Bruce and Doctor Ganford were right and August fourteenth was the grand finale of this crazy thing, then Tony figured he had exactly four weeks left. Four more weeks of aches and nausea and too-tender breasts and weight gain and swollen ankles and indigestion and constant cravings (and constipation — what the fuck? Why was that even a thing?) before it would all come to its much deserved and welcomed end.
"You don't say?" Steve mused, and Tony rolled his eyes.
liked to take his time drawing out Tony's pleasure, making him writhe, making him plead, making him beg Steve to let him come already.
Steve directed a look at Sam and Bucky, and Bucky kept his gaze on the TV as he said, "I don't even know why we bother. It's not like we're good enough to be her godfather."
He glanced down at Steve and met his soft, earnest concern. "Tony," he said, his tone even but firm if just a little pleading, "please. Just finish one slice."
Barnes just nodded but said nothing, preferring to spend most of his time staring out the window beside him until one time too many times that Steve mentioned about Tony building or paying or
Overall, it was a nice little get-together of all the people Tony loved and trusted most in the world, even if Happy, as it turned out, spent most of his time concerned with the building's security after hearing about Tony's little 'incident' and Barnes and Wilson argued over whether or not Olivia was smiling at them those few minutes each one had to hold her. Barton insisted it was gas. Steve and Thor were able to get the highchair together and in working order without issue, and Tony was inundated with more gifts than he knew what to do with. When Hill made her appearance after spending hours going over the building's security protocols with a concerned Happy, she brought along even more gifts, including one from a certain patch-wearing cloak-and-dagger expert, who included a note with his gift that said, '
much longer?" he asked, and Thor offered him nothing but a sympathetic look.
"Hmm?" Bruce said and continued to examine his watch. "Oh, just checking to see how long you've been going on about Cap for. For someone you claim to dislike so much, you talk about him an awful lot."
OK, he was probably mostly talking about Barton with that, but still, it followed for the others, too. He liked having them there. He liked feeling like he actually had a family — like people he could count on through thick and thin. And he'd gotten used to them popping in and out of his place the past couple days to check on him and make sure he was all right and steal a chance to cuddle his newborn against their chests and coo at her and tell her how cute she was and how spoiled she was going to be. Which was really not a lie in any way, shape, or form. She was ridiculously cute, and yes, even Tony could admit she would be absolutely spoiled with love and affection. She would never be put into a position to doubt herself like he had. She would always know she was loved and supported and
. His fucking parents were...by... God, he could still remember the last time he'd ever seen his parents.
Steve just looked between Barnes and Wilson then shook his head, and Wilson turned and called out, "Yo! Rhodes!"
"Uh, have you
. Thank you so much, Tony. I—"
Steve frowned at him and raised his hands a little like he was making a move to do as much. "Uh, OK." He stopped cold and added. "Where?"
But maybe not as stupid as it had been. Because some stupid fucking voice in the back of his head said that he might not have Steve any longer, but at least he had his child. A little baby girl with dark eyes and a voracious appetite, and god, if nursing wasn't just the weirdest sensation he'd ever endured—
Tony dropped his hand in surprise and sucked in an audible breath. "You know we haven't done that since—"
"'James Anthony,'" Barton corrected.
weird—"
could also be taken away, and Steve was no stranger to closing his eyes one moment and opening them back up the next to find many, many years had passed him by. When it had first happened, when he had first woken up, he would worry every time he closed his eyes that he'd open them again to find himself displaced in time once more. He'd...sort of struggled a bit with sleep at that point. Told himself it was because he'd slept for seventy years and was well-rested enough, but that wasn't the real reason. No, the real reason was because he was afraid if he did fall asleep, he'd wake up to find another seventy years had passed him by, and he just...didn't want to have to deal with that — to attempt to reacclimate to another time once again. He supposed he could do it, if given no other choice, but he sure wouldn't be happy about that.
Honestly, though, Steve might have issues with the way others held or dealt with Olivia, but — and maybe owning to the whole him being the one to carry her for nine-and-a-half months and give birth to her — he always deferred to Tony's expertise when it was the two of them. When it came down to it, Tony had to admit that Olivia had definitely been a positive addition to their relationship. They had always gotten along in some way — even when they were measuring dicks on the Helicarrier, Tony couldn't deny there'd been
much got broken, and Darcy was too busy trying to chug wine coolers on a dare to bother Tony with questions about orgasms or masturbation, and overall people seemed to have a good time — even Steve, who looked like he secretly was appreciating the hell out of the attention and the 'Happy Birthday!'s that kept being thrown his way. He was a good sport about the presents, most of which seemed to be gag gifts centering on him being both 'Captain America' and having his birthday on Independence Day. And as for the cake—
"Stop being so flippant. Did I say something? I'm trying—" He grimaced and scratched at his forehead. "I'm fumbling in the dark here. I don't really… I don't even know where to begin—"
"It wasn't you, Tony. Never you. It was... I thought it was the right thing to do."
"No, I don't think you do because, newsflash, babe,
out there, Steve. There is no one around for miles. What if someone sneaks up on us? What if there's someone hiding out there that gets his kicks hunting down poor, defenseless couples like us? Hacks us to bits and then takes our carcasses back to his shady-ass cabin and makes stew out of our flesh and gelatin out of our bones?"
He reached out like he was going to pinch the area of Wilson's neck and shoulder, and Wilson jumped back and cried, "How do you know
) because society said that was what a woman did if she wanted to fit in, and much as he liked and wanted to march to the beat of his own drummer, he wanted to fit in as well and had wanted to fit in, well, pretty much since he'd found himself thrown in with classmates several years older than he. He'd acted older to fit in with them and he'd acted more feminine to match the physical attributes he displayed. No, it wasn't fair and it didn't make sense and it wasn't even something he'd consciously done. And to that, he really wasn't sure what it said about himself.
She pursed her lips at him, eyes narrowed as she folded her arms. "I don't know. As your kind says, did you use protection?"
Tony put his hands to his hips again, finding it easier this time than it had been before. "You're going to make me walk over there in
Steve purposely pushed the 'boyfriend' comment to the back of his mind, glanced into his half- filled cup, and said an easy, "What the hell?"
"Uh, yea—
"So…Steven Grant Rogers, born 1918 in Brooklyn, and Anthony Edward Stark, born 1970 in New York." He shot them both a look and shook his head a little before he scanned over the document. "Joseph and Sarah, Howard and Maria, neither one of you was married before, would like your legal name to be 'Stark-Rogers.'"
"Yeah? That's sweet," Tony muttered as he struggled with the stupid contraption. Pepper grimaced and stood up to help him, but he jerked away and said, "No! I have to learn how to do this myself."
," Natasha murmured to him, leaning forward and pressing her cheek to his. "You're doing so good. Just a few more pushes, OK? Just a few more pushes until you can meet your baby."
He felt Steve fumble with his hands like he wasn't sure what to do with them before he finally settled on putting them on his sides just above where his waist would have been if he hadn't had a parasite growing inside of him. He kissed Steve, wet and wanton, for a moment before Steve pulled back, lips glistening with saliva and brow furrowed in confusion.
He shrugged but said nothing, and Steve leaned back some and turned him gently to face him in the dim light of the room.
Steve shook his head. "Nope. It didn't throw up on 'Captain America.'" Then he shrugged a little and smiled a little sheepishly. "I mean, maybe it threw up on 'Steve Rogers'…"
The 'Frozen' thing he figured was a piece of fiction, but the 'Star Wars' thing didn't exactly set him at ease.
Gone were obstructive walls — well, the walls that weren't needed for support, anyway. In their place was wide, open space and bright daylight streaming in from the flank of floor-to-ceiling windows around them. There was a drafting table and canvases and a stack of sketch books, tarps and paints and an easel set up in a corner. There were charcoals and pencils of an array of colors, the entire area looking like something out of any artist's dream.
Steve sucked in a breath, and Tony looked between him and Barnes and said, "No, Hydra—"
"Aren't you guys supposed to wear, like, shiny silver suits or something?"
"Why what, snicker doodle?"
Olivia giggled and pushed against Tony as she sat on his lap at the island in the kitchen later that afternoon and looked over bedroom suites on his tablet, Olivia out of the sticky band shirt and back in her little Avengers T-shirt and jeans with the colorful flowers on the pockets. "'m not screwy!"
"What?" Steve asked with a laugh. "It's kind of cute. I mean, it doesn't look like that block you have—"
Tony just shook his head and sighed a little, but Steve got up from the bed, and he knelt beside the rocker and folded his arms atop the arm of the rocker and looked up at Tony.
"Nobody asked your opinion, Katniss," Tony said with a moody pout and folded arms, and Barton looked to the rest of the group.
"I know. I wouldn't have thought it, either. I can handle it, I think — I mean being in the same room with it — but I'm not sure I could get a slice down without upchucking it right back up."
"I'm fine, Steve. Besides, this way you can have the bed to yourself. Don't need me in there grossing you out."
Not at first. He knew he wasn't at first. He knew what he had with Steve was special. He knew when Steve looked at him he saw his world. But then
"Steve? Tell me, Steve. What? What are you thinking?"
"Fine. Bruce is even more of a stickler for this sort of shit than you are. How 'bout I have him do it? Does that meet with your approval?"
"Yeah? Well, what about when the Cap comes back? When this chatterbox little four-year-old runs at him and calls him 'Daddy' and doesn't understand why you two aren't kissing even though she thinks it's gross? She's used to a certain…
"You are absolutely pathetic," Tony muttered but quirked a smile at the gesture just the same.
He couldn't find it, and he whined and yanked open the cabinets and pulled out the bag of free-trade coffee beans.
Tony cradled Olivia closer to him, some irrational fear creeping up his spine that she was here to take the baby away from him — that through it all this had been all some kind of plot to engineer a super soldier — but he swallowed and squared his shoulders and said, "Uh, aren't you supposed to be dead?" with all the courage and nerve he lacked deep down.
"OK, yeah, and in those lifetimes when we're a chick and a dude, he's always the dude and I'm always the chick that he knocks up, right?"
," she said. "You could have gotten rid of it."
"Peppy! Peppy-pot, calm down!" he said and stretched languidly. God, he felt
Bruce had a friend, who had a friend, who had a mother, who had a sister, who had been a photographer of some note back in the '60s. Bruce's friend had a portrait gallery, and though the photog herself was long gone, the sister had in storage dozens upon dozens of plates and negatives and prints from her work, and as it was fifty years since the start of the so-called 'British Invasion,' Bruce's friend wanted to do a retrospective of icons from the '60s music scene and had hit the sister up for prints to showcase.
Tony tried not to laugh. "OK, interesting way of saying that. Look, let me just say that the person that did this is…no longer around. There's no chance of this happening to anyone else." He pointed to someone else in the front row. "You."
part of the song.
"No," he said with a slightly amused laugh. "
covered in grease smudges and faded band shirts, all messy-haired with dogged determination, bending the laws of nature to his will, demanding that science meet his needs. He saw a mad, impossible boy wanting to step out from under his father's shadow, wanting to break free of the world he was expected to seamlessly and silently slip into, a dreamer with visions of a better, safer, more prosperous world. Not 'Tony Stark,' just 'Tony.'
Leash and collar in hand, he put the trunk back then ran out of the bedroom and down the steps to the living room, and he dropped the leash on the table and thought briefly about trying to pose in his most alluring, but the 'ding' of the elevator signaled Steve's arrival, and he simply stood beside the couch, hand that held the collar behind his back.
"Aye," Thor said with a nod.
" and turned to press his face into the crook of Steve's neck. Steve just laughed and rubbed his back in slow, soothing circles and then presumably said to someone that was watching them, "She's just
"Nice try," Natasha said. "We know what you think about magic."
Also, Loki's scepter was still missing and their trail of leads on that had been cold for some time. All-in-all, not the 'merriest' of Christmases he'd ever celebrated, but not really the worst. The first Christmas after his ma had died was probably the hardest one for him, even if Bucky's family had been kind enough to take him in for the holiday. And the first Christmas after Buck had, well, disappeared for the time being was softened by what he still couldn't explain but had come to accept as a glimpse at his future.
"Please don't tell me he's the one that flipped it."
She wrinkled her nose. "No."
"I didn't say that. I'm just wondering how he would even know."
He looked down at his belly.
"And you're sure I will be?"
Steve hesitated only a second before he took hold of Tony's hands that were holding the sub and brought it up to his mouth. He took a large bite — a fucking large bite; Jesus Christ, what'd he do? Eat half the sandwich? — and chewed a few moments and said, "Not bad."
"Hold on," he said and got up. "I don't remember you bringing anything in aside from the punchbowl and the stuff that goes in it."
Welch, that bastard, just sat down in the seat Pepper had previously vacated. "Oh, but I actually enjoy
After Tony had gotten a hold of himself, they went into Olivia's room, and Steve stood around and offered his comments as Tony dressed Olivia in a cute little red, green, and white Christmas dress. There was some mention of 'gender roles' and 'conformity' and 'not wanting to encourage it' by Tony, to which Steve just nodded his head and pretended like he knew what any of those words meant, until Tony admitted, "But she looks so
"Not directly, but she hears about it — mostly from Tony."
Tony huffed. "If you
"Here," he muttered and slapped it on her plate. "Don't say I never gave you anything."
Tony shifted his gaze over to him, and remembering that shit he'd pulled back when he'd taken blood — when he'd forced Tony to contemplate the idea that it
"Even if this is the first time you even noticed we were here," Barnes added, and Tony stared at him a moment then looked down at his belly. "Oh, you can't be serious."
"Why shouldn't you what?"
Barton just shrugged.
" He motioned over his body. "Not something I ever thought would happen to me, and I'm sorry if maybe I'm just a little, I don't know,
"What's the point of being Captain America if you can't use it to get premium service at burger joints?"
"Loud and clear," he replied with a firm nod.
"You're right," Tony said and sipped his drink through his swizzle stick. "It is a
You turned me into a woman. You made it so I would get pregnant. You said I couldn't get rid of it without killing myself."
, too."
," he said, his voice soft and loving, his hand on Tony's arm as Tony stared into his eyes and looked for something that Steve desperately hoped that he found.
"Not your fault," Tony said and pulled some toilet paper off the roll, wiping his eyes with it before he blew his nose, loud and honking, then tossed the used tissue at an adjacent wastebasket. Steve frowned at that, looking like he wanted to reach out and comfort but thought maybe the touch would be unwelcome.
So, unless they were able to break the bonds of matrimony between the King and his chancellor — through death was about their only option at this point — they would have to accept that the only union that could provide a legitimate heir to the throne was the union between the King and the Chancellor. If the witch could give them what they most desired — an heir to the throne — even if it was somehow through the union of the King and the Chancellor, then so be it.
Natasha had since opened her eyes, and watery green eyes stared back at him with nothing but pity and remorse. She blinked a few times, her gaze skirting all over his face before she nodded and parted her lips, speaking her words with understanding and authority.
think you could do a lot worse than Captain America. And besides, you're not getting any younger, Tony. Clock's ticking, man."
," he said quickly.
didn't have to do this for them.
," Pepper said, not buying his deflection in the least.
Tony Stark.
Tony snorted a laugh. Talk about an understatement.
Steve watched as frustration shaded Tony's face — or what he thought was Tony's face. Steve honestly couldn't fault JARVIS for hesitating to comply with Tony's order. Tony...didn't exactly look like himself at the moment. He didn't look any shorter than Steve knew him to be, but his...shape was off: his hair too long, his face too soft—
Holy shit, they'd look at it that way, wouldn't they? Not that Tony Stark's 'family' had accepted this mysterious woman so clearly she couldn't be all bad but—
Steve let his eyes roam over every inch of Tony's face before he said a low and succinct, "No."
"OK, maybe it wasn't a
"Not her aunt, buddy," Wilson said and patted Thor's arm. "Just some stranger."
knew 'Avengers Tower'), but was he still willing to chance it?
The elevator slowed to a stop, and as it dinged and opened its doors, Steve said, "Maybe that woulda worked if Esmeralda was still alive to change you back."
"They are relaxed."
Steve shot him a flat look. "You gave me the override codes."
He met her gaze and held it a moment before he blinked and said, "You sure that's what it is?"
of all people — into what was supposed to be their safe house during their weekend getaway, but he knew it would fall on deaf ears. That, or Steve would give him that sad-eyed look that Tony fell for every time, and Tony would give in, anyway.
"How high up do you think it goes?"
"So, I am just the sperm donor."
"Yeah, well, you sure know how to make a girl feel special."
Steve hedged and, forgetting what Tony had just said, put his hands to his shoulders and squeezed them a bit, the effect making Tony jump a little bit as the material of the dress pulled against where it was taped to his skin from shoulder to breast.
Steve just glared, but Natasha said, "Not if you're trying to hide something," with the barest hint of smile on her face as she said it.
"Oh, so Bruce has noticed your obsession, too?"
Steve just looked amongst his assembled friends and said, "You know, Thor's older than I am."
Old man.
," Tony muttered as Steve came back from the kitchen, two bottles of water in-hand. He tossed one at Barton as he passed through, and Barton called out, "So, Cap—"
"Trust me. That was… That was rough. Anyway—" He grabbed Olivia off Steve's lap and settled her onto his own. "All right, baby girl. What say you go take another nap while Daddy and I clean up this ridiculous mess you made?"
Tony startled a bit. "Uh...what?" he asked like the question had come out of left field for him.
"Oh!" he said like he'd just remembered something. "I had lunch with Ty Stone a couple weeks ago," he said, and Tony sucked in a breath, something funny and slightly painful hitting him square in the chest at the mention of that name.
"Papa, this doesn't look like Daddy's paintin' room. None of his stuff's here! And
to be here?"
"Yeah. And that's not gonna happen. You get pregnant with any more of my children, it's going to be because we've talked it out and discussed it and decided that we want to expand our family. You're not just going to be a womb to grow more super soldiers in."
Olivia didn't acknowledge him, preferring to turn her attention elsewhere, and Steve brushed his fingers against her cheek again then turned back to the bottle warmer.
had been turned on by that?
He wouldn't go so far as to say he loved everything about being a dad (diapers and spit-up, though he accepted as a natural fact of life, were still both god-awful in their own right), but he loved being a dad. He loved taking care of his daughter and feeding her and bathing her and playing with her. He loved watching her grow — watching as she discovered new things about the world around her. He loved her giggles, and he'd soon come to see his daughter's laughter as the best sound in the world. Her cries, especially if it was a cry where she'd hurt herself somehow, broke his heart.
Tony scoffed again. "What? That he 'flips houses' with? Please. He's probably doing some side- work for that patch-wearing superspy that claims to be 'dead.'"
"Well, an alternate-universe version of you, anyway. I'm pretty sure I made the right call. I mean, yeah, maybe I would have preferred her to stay, but I'm not sure a mouthy four-year-old would fit in with a bunch of superheroes. Not safely, anyway."
Tony turned around again to say he would be fine and he didn't need anyone, but even he could admit to himself that was a filthy lie, so he just nodded and turned back around again to leave, and he was pretty sure he didn't imagine Bruce muttering, "I can't wait until Steve gets back."
She rolled her eyes and groaned. "
He heaved out a breath and said, "Well, we were... When I was— I mean I very much enjoyed the sight of you dressed in… But then you started talking about what it would be like if you wore than when you were back to…"
"She knows what you're saying?" Steve asked as he turned back toward the front.
"It's part of the whole spell…thing," Tony said breezily, trying for nonchalance and hoping he succeeded. "Done as a protection of some sort. I guess. I don't know."
am I getting an ultrasound machine?"
"Get. Away. From. Him."
Tony burst out laughing. "Jesus," he muttered and shook his head. "OK, sorry, anyway, continue."
"You're not talking about that one from the World's Fair, are you?" Tony asked like it pained him to ask the question.
Tony just blinked at her. "The
He swallowed and said, "I
"You will," Natasha said then nodded at the stairs. "Go. We'll clean up. You'll fall asleep in no time. I'm sure if you really need to, you could just dress a pillow in one of Steve's shirts.
One of these days he was
," he muttered under his breath, clutching his cup tight. Shit. Shit—
Married. Definitely the married-to-Tony thing. The old man would probably blow a gasket when he found that out.
Tony made a face and a hesitant, guttural sound, and Steve was pulled out of his memories for the second time that day as Tony scratched the back of his head and said, "Uh, yeah, I wanted to, ah… Look, you, uh, you didn't happen to see the news within the last twenty-four hours, did you?"
Steve laughed again and reached out to pull Tony back into a warm, safe embrace, and Tony went with it, sighing contentedly and relaxing against Steve's strong, if bruised, form.
"Hey, I'm not anyone's elder statesman or anything. Don't come looking to me for sage advice or anything."
"Doesn't matter," Jim said with a shake of his head. "Just take her away. Go see what Tony's doing. He won't let any of us into the kitchen."
Steve finally pushed himself to a sitting position. "Yeah, uh," he said and raked a hand through his hair — his decidedly short hair. That was new. "Maybe I'm not as awake as you think I am?"
"Daddy always says,
"How do you know?" someone asked, and Tony rolled his eyes.
"Anyway, I felt like a fucking interloper at the cabin. Steve could be a funny guy, but I never heard him make
" Pepper cried, and Tony knew it was from disbelief and not a lack of understanding.
No! Oh, fuck no! Not if this was the outcome. The hell he was ever allowing anything like this to ever happen again. Granted, the only way that could happen is if he were to be turned into a woman again, but the fact of the matter was he'd just used the term
"Oh, good," Steve said with a relieved breath. "I thought it was only me. Boy, those things really suck, huh?"
He pulled his hands from his pockets and took Tony's hands in his.
He scoffed. "I
OK, so, here's the thing: hanging out with Natasha was actually a lot of fun.
need it. And I think you'll both enjoy it."
"That was—"
Maybe that was one of the things that had brought them together?
"I can't believe I'm about to say this," Pepper said, and Tony broke his staring contest with Natasha to focus on her, "but I'm actually a little jealous."
to do. Once the contraction had passed for the moment, he blew out a breath and said, "Seriously,
"All right," she said and took a seat on one of those low stools with wheels on it. "Let's see here." She swiped at some screens on her tablet. "I just want to go over your medical history here so we know what we're looking at." She shot a pointed look at Tony. "Your
Natasha shook her head. "You weren't, Tony. Don't say that, and don't ever let Steve hear you say that."
Steve exhaled a breath in relief, and he nodded and sat up a little and said, "Yeah."
She hummed a little and said, "First of all, as we just established,
He knew Tony harbored some insecurities about their age gap. Physically, Tony did appear older than he was, and to be honest, Tony did have quite a few more years of lived experience than Steve did. Steve would always and forever consider himself an old man that had taken a very long nap — he supposed like a non-aging Rip Van Winkle — but Tony did have some reason to insist that Steve was his boy-toy and not the other way around.
She huffed a bit. "Then you say,
as they were being with things as of late, he wasn't sure he was ready for anything like that to get out just yet — if ever.
, just
"Think she did that on purpose," Tony grumbled and clasped his hands over his belly.
— Settle? You think I
Steve shook his head again. "No, it's— We're not married yet. It's— You don't eat wedding cake before you get married. It's— It's not right."
"Hmm?" Tony went over to the driver's side door and wrenched it open. "Doing what I should have done at that warehouse. Getting the fuck out and letting you chase after your little pal. It's what you want, isn't it?"
"To what?" she asked. "Take a break? Retire? Do something else? My dear Captain, no one is enslaving you. You're not required to do this — to be this...Captain...if you don't want to be."
it was about?"
And then Steve gently pulled him upright, and Tony's muscles clenched from the push and tug of the plug, and Steve turned him around then backed him up slowly until he felt his calves hit the bed. He gently lowered Tony to a sitting position, and Tony gasped and tried not to moan as he felt the plug in his ass hit against his walls. He flexed his fingers, his wrists still bound, and squirmed a little, wanting to get the most from that full, tight feeling. But Steve put his hands on his shoulders, chuckling a little as he held him still.
"Steven,
Tony glared at him as he went about reforming the scraps of dough to get a couple more cookies out of. "I see you plan on sleeping on the couch for the indefinite future."
pop culture references to his clothing choices to what toothpaste he uses to what ball teams he roots — or doesn't root — for to what brand of aftershave he uses and about ten other things that I've forgotten."
"How are those new bites coming along?"
"Tried to give me some bullshit about how we'd only be 'borrowing' it, so it wasn't technically stealing." He smiled a little, faintly, but it couldn't mask the ever-present horror that clouded his eyes. "I guess you can take the kid out of Brooklyn…"
Olivia — he didn't care. This was
"Try to do something
It was just going for six when Steve strolled into the kitchen with a large bag full of Styrofoam containers, and he set the bag on the tabletop and stepped over to where Tony stood at the counter and read over the directions for how to properly prepare the infant formula.
Steve dropped his head to his chest. "Tony,
barely remember rotary dials."
"What?"
—" he directed those last two stern words at DUM-E, who shrank a little and tried to hide behind Steve.
Steve just blinked and tried not to give anything away. The sooner he got out of here and figured out where he was, the better. However, it seemed inaction was just as bad as any action.
"Mmm…glazed? Glazed crullers? Jelly filled? An assortment. Just get an assortment."
cook. It's nothing to be ashamed of. It's just not something you're any good at."
Barnes snorted a laugh. "I don't give a shit what you talk about," he said, and Barton nodded and turned back to Steve.
He made a face as he thought about what he'd just said, and Steve said, "What makes you think you
He then turned his attention to the stove where a timer was suddenly beeping, and as Tony tended to the cookies in the oven, Steve grabbed a tree-shaped cutter and said to the baby, "Can you believe we have to work on Christmas Eve?"
"You don't know that, Steve! How do you know that?"
Then he got wind that they'd found the fish food formerly known as Captain America, and not only had they found him, they'd found him
After what he assumed had been a good hour of play time on the floor, he glanced up and over to the large floor-to-ceiling windows at the mild, dreary day that lay before them. He got to his feet then reached down and scooped Olivia up from where she lay on her tummy, and she gurgled and babbled something, and Steve said, "Is that so?" and kissed her cheek as he carried her over to the window. He adjusted her in his arms so that she could look out, and he said, "JARVIS, could you play us some Christmas music? No—"
"Hmm?"
"Because I thought Steve cared more about getting you back than he did having a future with me. With you, he gets back part of the life that was stolen from him. With me…" He shrugged but left off what he felt didn't need to be said.
Pepper smiled a little and said, "He thinks there's room for improvements," and stepped onto the elevator once it had arrived at the floor.
"Sure it did," Cap said with a laugh. "Sorry again."
He snorted a laugh and logged into his computer. "The blind leading the blind," he muttered and folded his arms as he sat back in his chair. He winced at the change in terrain and adjusted his arms so that they rested just beneath his breasts and said, "Say, J? Maybe we might want to look into—"
Tony; he'd just taken both Natasha's and Sam's words for it.
"Bend over, Antonia. Good girl," Steve said as he bent over, and Steve pulled him back just a little bit to better position him and pushed his legs apart. "God, you're so good," he murmured as he ran a light hand down Tony's back before he pushed up the thin material of the negligée and then took a gentle hold of his lacy panties and slid them down his legs, exposing him more fully to the cool air of the room. He slid the panties down to his ankles then made him step out of them, leaving the garter and the stockings firmly in place. He hummed a little in appraisal, traced a light finger down one firm cheek and then slapped a hand against it, hard, firm, and possessive. Tony jumped a little and moaned out a gasp, and Steve chuckled a little stroked his fingertips over the stinging flesh and said, "What did I tell you about talking? Your wanton little moans count, too."
"It doesn't matter, Pep. Me? Steve? The mission statement stays the same. There's a trust set up so that no one can touch the funding for the Avengers. I know some of them have been dying to have my ass on a platter from the moment I came back from Afghanistan, but they're not going to. They're not getting the company."
Damn it, I even put some makeup on!"
He gasped once more then whined out a moan and breathed out Steve's name.
No, this had to have been a dream or a hallucination or a—a—
Against his better judgment, Tony choked out a laugh at that, but he nodded and pulled away and said, "Fine. I'll lay down for five minutes."
. You know how he can get."
But then one day Steve had brought a sketch pad and asked if Tony minded if he tried his hand at sketching one of the Iron Man suits. Tony had shrugged and said to knock himself out, and so Steve had planted himself on a chair and begun drawing. At first, Tony felt the need to make nervous conversation, but Steve had just smiled in that soft and warm way that he had and told him he didn't have to entertain him. He could go back to working on his projects if he wanted. To be honest, Tony hadn't been sure how to take that. Was he being rejected? Dismissed? Put down? It had happened not long after…that weird thing had happened to him after New York, and so he was a little sensitive to Steve and his behavior toward him.
"Eh, I try."
"All tight and rubbing against me," Tony said and tried not to think about how
"You know they don't believe you for a second, right?" Barton said waving a plastic knife around in the air between smearing the other half of his bagel with the strawberry cream cheese.
"If you say 'dame,' I'll smack you."
"Just saying what I was told by you
knowing my business. OK? So, it's easy for you two to stand there and make judgments and tell me what you want me to do—" he let out a nervous laugh, "—and, again, I have no say in anything. I have no choice. I'm a fucking pawn for
"My Antonia," he murmured and pressed kisses from one shoulder to the other, hands splaying over his back and around to cup his breasts. "My Antonia Natasha. You're just— You know, I really feel like you were made just for me. Honestly, I do. I feel like you were created just for me, just this perfect, perfect partner for me. So perfect. So gorgeous. So, I don't know,
"Manually expressing breast milk, I think is how they described it."
"Not saying anything you don't deserve to hear," Steve said and pulled Tony's hand up to his mouth, pressing a kiss against the knuckles and brushing a thumb against his fingers.
Oh, and that included DUM-E over at the workstation table, not-so-surreptitiously trying to watch the goings-on in the other part of the room as he played with his paper ball. Yeah, just some things you didn't even need your 'bot knowing about.
"And I wish to extend to you that when your bonds have severed and those that you call family have long since passed, you are more than welcome in the halls of Asgard to spend your days..."
Tony looked up at him, awed. "You mean you think I'm right?"
He frowned as he poured a large mug of coffee. "Guess it's different when you're on this side of it — the one staying behind. Usually, I'm right in the middle of it with him. Kinda miss that, if I'm being honest, but somebody's got to take care of you, and right now, I don't trust anybody but me to do it. Yeah, even your father I'm still a
of finding out for certain, and you know what that means? We have
," he muttered and put a hand to his abdomen.
"Oh, we have
"I let you get under my skin once. If I do it again — if I let you get to me again — if you break it off… I don't know if I'll be able to come back from that. Look, I know that I pretend to be all tough and like I have my shit together and like I don't care what anybody thinks of me, but goddamn it, Steve, you fucking
pretty warm temperatures for this time of year. "Not much chance of that happening this year, is there?"
He stopped talking, suddenly realizing what an asshole he sounded like. Cap hadn't even been the one to bring up Howard. Come to think of it, Cap almost never mentioned him. Only once in the time they'd known each other, and even then, only in passing.
shouldn't drink it. It's made especially for you. It's just a little weird me drinking it, and we're telling
"The last time— When you changed Tony back, you said you wouldn't see us for while. You said if you left him as a woman, you wouldn't have to come back for even longer. That doesn't— Is this— Was this not supposed to happen?"
. Bruce said something about something strange happening while Natasha and Clint and I were gone but you had it under control and it was nothing to worry about. I just assumed there was an incident with the Hulk or something."
"One of these days," he said as he got the bottle open and poured a generous helping onto his fingers, "I'm gonna gag you so you can't say a fucking word."
"Night-night Unca Rhodey," she said with a yawn and a wave, and Rhodey smiled a little at her and said, "See you in the morning, kid."
"I shall attempt to contact the Goddess Esmeralda. Perhaps she may be willing to remove every last remnant of the hex that afflicts our friend."
Tony 'humphed' then said, "Yeah, well, Happy even thinks
"The beaches of Midgard are a most glorious thing, though—" His beatific face clouded over some. "It is such a shame how few of your Midgardian brethren are able to tread water and must so often be rescued from its deadly clutches."
Tony pulled up a schematic for a new suit, completely forgetting he was supposed to be working on a way to get the kid home. "She's not from the future. She's from an alternate universe."
"We make sure the rule of law and the public are always at our backs. If we have both of those on our side, we should be safe — from whatever segments of the government might want to…use us for their own gain."
"Do you think I'm just getting
Tony turned off the TV and squeezed the remote so tightly in his hand that it cracked. He startled and relaxed his grip to look at the damage he'd done, staring down at the fractured and broken plastic that was much more brittle than he'd thought it was.
"Well, if it isn't
"I figured as much. We can ask her if she knows of any classes we can sign up for."
"Nah, that's not what I heard," he said and put his hand to the back of Tony's chair. "Just that you were looking for your friends, whom I see you appear to have found."
"I don't think he does—"
But Captain America was as big a draw in 2012 as he'd been in 1943, and he was expected to show his face even for just a few minutes.
Tony was in love.
Steve nodded as well, and he looked down and watched the baby slurp her bottle a moment before he said, "You're not the only one that kept it from me."
things to him.
"Not in the ways that matter."
"Don't say that," she said, and Tony glanced up, surprised by the amount of fight in her voice and the sharpness of her green eyes. "Don't talk like that," she continued with a curt shake of her head. "Even if Steve's not…" She closed her mouth and thinned her lips as she seemingly thought over her next words then said, "Boy or girl, Steve would have loved that baby no matter what." And then, she tweaked just the hint of a smile and said, "Might've been like pulling teeth to get him to admit that, though."
Barnes whistled some and said, "Your, uh, ceiling-voice-guy has got some giant brass balls."
"He does not," Steve said, but there was a bashfulness to his words and a slight tinge of pink to the apples of his cheeks.
"Yeah," Barton said, "and now that you're married, I can call you 'Stony' and not feel stupid about it. I mean, I didn't feel stupid before, but now it's legally true."
He stopped short and glanced around at the gathered ensemble, and Tony watched as he swallowed and nodded then made his excuses to the clerks and the Avengers and took Tony by his elbow and led him out of the office and down the quiet and darkened hall to someplace where they could have privacy.
"Doesn't matter."
Whatever, the point was that the longer the hours dragged on, and the longer they went from hearing from the man himself, the harder it got to convince himself that his gut feeling was 'right' and the news reports were 'wrong.' He still didn't
"He could have just been talking about you not getting any girl pregnant, you know, or contracting the usual kinds of VD."
made his way over to the elevator, vision blurring from the tears. He blinked them away, snuffling and pushing his hair out of his face as he did so. "Paying you to do."
Tony whirled around to where Barnes was now rising off the couch, and he walked around and met up with them, anger now covering what once had looked haunted.
body. That could have been anyone's body. Hell, that could have been a cached image. There was no guarantee Bruce had used it the right way. What did Bruce know about that, anyway?
Steve gave a curt nod of his head. "I'm trying to say this isn't related to the pregnancy."
Is that what they're called?"
Steve just took a breath and let it out, fingers tripping at the little blue garter Tony wore on his right thigh before he pulled his hand back and let at the bare flesh part of Tony's thigh with a firm slap. Tony jolted a bit at the hit them hummed a little and all but purred, "Is that the way we're doing it tonight?"
"It does
He sat up a moment, unsure of where he was, and he almost thought for a second that that hadn't been a dream until he realized that no, it was. Of course it was. He was in the bedroom of the former SHIELD safe house, and Steve—
"I just—" He heaved out a sigh and pushed at the fries on his plate with his fork. "Maybe telling the truth wouldn't be the worst thing in the world? It might freak some people out, and some people wouldn't believe it anyway, but maybe… Look, it's not a path I'm crazy about taking, but given the alternative, maybe this is what we have to do? I know it would make us even more vulnerable than we already are, and I'll
"Is there— Is there any way to tell or to know? Do I have a weapon growing inside of me?"
Tony's mouth twitched from side-to-side. "Still freaked about that reactor surgery, aren't you?"
"People change," Tony said with a shrug. "And clearly our great paragon of virtue and liberty isn't even the same person he was once upon a time."
"Here's something they never told you in the history books: Captain America is the worst soldier in the history of the world. He doesn't follow orders, he doesn't keep his uniform neat and tidy, and I don't want to know what his barracks looked like based on how I've come back to him practically living in his own filth after spending two days at the California office. You want a sorry sight? Captain America passed out on the couch at two-thirty in the morning surrounded by empty bags of Doritos and cans of 'Real Sugar' Pepsi."
"Uh," Bruce said, sounding as nervous as he looked, "you know, there's probably a lab you could go to—"
"Language," Steve said immediately, and Tony rolled his eyes again but didn't say anything. "And what's wrong?"
to through stylish leather gloves, "— like that. You're not in a hurry to go back to the house, are you? We could walk around town and look at the lights like the disgustingly domestic couple that we are."
Tony frowned at him and was about to tell him he didn't have to do this, he didn't have to go back to them — they could fix this,
"Yeah,
"I'm sorry, Tony," Steve said, though he wasn't sure it was his smartest move. "I never meant to hurt you."
Barnes shrugged, but Natasha simply said, "It's not going to happen to you. You're not even fully dilated yet. You have a little ways to go."
Tony just nodded and patted his arm. "OK, babe. You do that. Now—"
Not that the serum was what made Steve special.
different experiences, but on the scale of horribleness? This one? Not nearly as bad as that one."
"I'm not a sap."
He stopped short.
well. This, I hope, does not fall into that category."
"Turned-
They settled into a quiet contemplation after that, Steve dividing his time between eyeing up the bassinette and watching what Tony was doing, and after a few moments of watching Tony, his face pinched in concern, and he asked, "It really doesn't hurt?"
"Yeah. Nice and peaceful and
"Well?" Steve asked, and Tony opened his eyes to see the precise name — or as close enough to — that his finger had landed on.
"Are you kidding? We answer to Captain America. I'd rather answer to some sort of faceless government bureaucracy. Much easier to thumb my nose at them and tell them to go fuck themselves. I've never had a government agency give me the patented Stare of Disapproval."
He shifted his gaze over to Steve to see how he was reacting, and he watched as Steve stared straight ahead at the road, clenched his jaw, swallowed, and then reached over and jabbed the power button so hard that Tony almost thought he'd broken it.
"Tony, I'm sorry," he said in that flat and even tone he used when he thought he was right about something and the other person was being unreasonable, "but Bucky's my friend. I— He found me. He searched for me—"
"I know, babe," he said. "Not right now, though, OK? I've got a world to go rock."
"Babe, you've got to stop doing that."
This isn't about me not being able to fulfill my duties as Iron Man. I almost got crushed through no fault of my own—"
," Bruce murmured from the back seat, but Tony ignored him.
. You're still the same person I fell in love with. You just have a different…outer shell. That I still find very appealing."
"Oh. Oh, well, you know," the guy said and leaned against the wall beside the door, "if you want, we could always see about getting a
He shrugged. "Making me happy is more important, I guess," he said and popped the last bite of bagel into his mouth. He chewed and smiled at her, and she shook her head but smiled a little as she did so.
"And I don't? I'm sorry, do we have to go over this again?"
"Nesting?" Steve asked as he came down the steps, pastel yellow paint splatters covering him from head-to-toe and splotches of pastel yellow dotting his arms.
He glanced down at the baby the was resting somewhat contentedly in Tony's arms then added, "I mean, I guess she's gotten a little better looking since then."
"And it wasn't just that. It was you—"
But Natasha just smiled at them, knowing, soft, like she knew something they hadn't yet admitted to themselves.
, but I know my way around four-letter words."
Steve chuckled a little but then said, "Shh! You'll upset the baby."
Which, for some god forsaken reason, had just triggered the waterworks in Tony, and Steve had spent five minutes rubbing his back and letting him cry against his shoulder because he
"That's the second time you've said that," Steve said, eyebrow quirked and lips twisted in equal parts annoyance and amusement.
She just smiled a little, soft, and maybe even a little fond. "No, Shellhead. He'll be fine."
"It's still something to think about," Steve said, his eyes never leaving the page as he read over something. "Are we going for meaning or what we like?"
"It's not important," he said, the manner all 'Captain America.' "Tony has to show me some improvements he wants to make to our communications system out in the field—"
