“First, if this changes your mind about me staying here, it’s okay. I can be gone before Claire wakes up, or I can stick around to explain it to her. I won’t do anything… Untoward, all right?”
At first, they were taken warily. Now it’s common knowledge. If you come to The Bunker, the owner will make you take a hat to stay warm.
“Dean, please,” Cas’ chest is tight with apprehension, and he knows he’s breathing too fast. “I’m the same person you knew this morning. I haven’t changed at all.”
Gently, Dean brings the covers up to just beneath her chin and makes a show of tucking them around her shoulders until she giggles. He smiles down at her and smoothes her hair away from her face.
“Indeed. She kicked him out, and since he was planning to take a semester off to work and save up, he has nowhere to live until he goes back to school,” Cas says as he finishes taping the gauze. He places a gentle kiss on the back of Dean’s hand and raises his eyes to Dean’s.
Cas signals the end of their quiet time by taking the bar of soap and turning to start washing Dean. For his part, Dean follows Cas’ soft requests to move this way or that. His hands are gentle and thorough.
The lie sounds terrible in Cas’ mouth, and Dean decides that there’s been enough deception to last them a lifetime. He can’t stomach any more of it.
Dean quickly fumbles his own pants off, shoving them down just far enough to release his cock from their confines. With the pup in the house, he’s pushed his luck quite enough already when it comes to time.
As he steps out of the post office, intent on getting right back on Impala and riding out of this hellish little town, there’s an alpha he doesn’t recognize standing next to her. Impala is smarter than most horses (smarter than most men, really), and a big one at that, so Dean is not particularly concerned that she is going to be harmed or stolen. She’s alert but relaxed, aware of the invader to her personal space, but not panicked or worried. Dean takes his cue from her, since she’s never steered him wrong, and keeps his posture as non-threatening as possible.
“This isn’t a decision I can help you make, Dean,” Cas says even as he twines his fingers through Dean’s and squeezes very gently. “But I love you very much, and I will fully support you whatever you choose.”
this, of course, that wouldn’t be right, but I really think if you settle down and get married, their concerns will disappear.”
“Be back in a few,” Dean murmurs. He takes another kiss, then two, then leaves with Colonel trailing behind him dutifully.
Dean tosses his head back and laughs. Claire lets out a surprised giggle, and the sound does more to lighten Dean’s heart than anyone could. The pup is far too serious.
“When I turned twenty-one, she revealed to me that she was a vampire. I didn’t believe her at first, but it… Didn’t take her long to convince me. She had to do considerably less than I did to make you believe, dear- ah, Dean. It was a different time. Fantasy and reality were much more difficult to separate.
Dean wipes the sweat from his forehead. “I reckon you’re right,” he says slowly, “but I was hoping to start pulling my weight around here.” He brightens as if it’s just occurring to him. “Maybe you can help me!”
Dean wakes up easily, strangely enough. He’s comfortable and he feels clean. His leg hurts, but the dull ache is nothing compared to the hot agony he remembers.
More than I’ve already obligated you, that is. So, listen you can… And the contract, it’s secure, you’re good, Gabe raked Sam over the coals with it, the kid’s got a lot to learn and Gabe’s a shark, and so Heaven’s Light will be safe no matter what, and-”
The first and, obviously, most important difference is the warm, firm body snuggled up to his side. Cas is all long legs and pale, warm skin tangled up and pressed against Dean, sleeping soundly with his head on Dean's shoulder. Dean's arm is numb from being curled around Cas and keeping him close.
The weeks after Anna’s call quickly blur together in a haze of reports, false leads, and chasing any information they can get their hands on.
The whole crew at The Bunker wears crocheted beanies all through the colder months. Benny’s is a solemn grey, Anna’s is black with subtle glitter in it, and Charlie’s is an eye-smarting shade of yellow. Bal’s is black, too, and Jo’s is a deep purple. Kevin’s own is his favorite (obviously), a dark shade of maroon, and Mr. N. and Mr. W wear hats that match one another’s eye colors, as gag-inducingly cute as that is.
Cas’ smile is tight and disingenuous, but Claire doesn’t seem to notice, thank the gods. “That’s right, little one. No chores
Dean is glowering at him, his green eyes alight with fury. His arms are crossed in faux relaxation, but the muscles in his biceps are bulging with tension.
Never one to turn away from trouble, Dean grows bold. He limps forward and takes Cas’ hand in his. It’s rough with callouses and there’s still dirt from the garden around his nailbeds, nothing like the omegas Dean has met in the city. He finds he quite likes the difference.
He’s covered in sweat and dirt. He’s exhausted. He can barely keep himself propped on the back of Impala’s elegant neck. Only because she’s smarter than any horse has the right to be have they made it this far.
At the end of the day, he helps Cas close up the shop, collect Colonel, stop by the back to make the nightly deposit, and then go
but he’ll need to eventually. And, more importantly, he left the job that had Cas walking into his office for the first time to discuss the future of HLSC.
Now that he knows Naomi is the driving force behind the Lightbringers, Castiel can see the patterns in their behavior clearly. He berates himself for not putting it together sooner for about an hour before Dean catches onto him and manages to distract him thoroughly from his self-loathing. A few hours later, while he’s much more relaxed, he still thinks he should have connected the dots.
“Yes, dear? What is it?” he asks, which would be polite if it wasn’t for the grumpy tone in the bitten off words. Affection swells so much in Dean he’s not sure he can contain it all.
Dean comes with a shout, striping Cas’ belly and cock with white. He works himself through it, whimpering brokenly. Cas is helpless to do anything but watch reverently.
Dean hands the bakery bag over. “Two cake donuts with icing and rainbow sprinkles, one chocolate and one vanilla.”
take his eyes off of Zeke. Everything happening is so surreal, he feels as if he’s on the other side of a thick-walled bubble, witness to these events but not an active participant.
“Cas, no,” Dean says with an easy smile that makes Castiel feel better, as it has every time it has been directed at him. “You’re like Iceland, baby. Cool to the touch, but underneath? You’re all volcano.”
“I can see that,” Cas murmurs. Over one arm is a massive basket filled with several dozen roses, as well as a few bunches of herbs. He sets the basket down just inside the door and makes his way into the house slowly, almost warily.
Dean has heard Cas play before, of course. Cas practices obsessively, one hour a day after school and a couple a day on weekends. He knows, sort of vaguely, that Cas is pretty good.
The only thing that could make the night better is when Dean wakes just enough to register that Claire is wiggling in between them, both she and Cas safe and warm in Dean’s arms.
If someone wasn’t privy to the monumental changes in his heart and mind, rendered by one pale, snarky boy, it would seem downright strange.
“Cas, I told you that Sam and I did a lot of travelling. That much was true, but I… I’m not a farmhand or a salesman. I’m…
“I will never believe that humans are less than us,” Castiel says, firm in his conviction. “And I will always see vampires as monsters.”
Castiel doesn’t lower himself to respond verbally. He spins on his heel and stalks out of the school.
Castiel smiles wickedly and adds a second finger when he thrusts again into Dean. He watches hungrily as his lover cries out and arches into the stretch. Castiel leans down to press a kiss to the dimples just above Dean’s ass. “So beautiful.”
Cas seems to hear more, though, and he’s nodding. “That does seem frightening, and I’m sorry you dreamed about it. But I know a secret. Would you like to know what it is?”
Any worries that Dean had regarding young Charlene finding out about the supernatural was misguided at best. Cas doesn’t know how, but Charlie already knew. During a scheduled board game night that ended up lasting until morning, Cas had winced when a beam of sunlight hit his arm. He and Dean both panicked, but Charlie simply stood up, closed the blinds and curtains, and sat back down again.
So it’s Cas’ turn to get his ear talked off by the weird little dude who delivers the groceries once a week and Dean’s turn to pout in bed until he gets up.
he thinks. Some vampires are entirely too fond of the way they’re depicted in movies and literature.
Zeke corrects with a frown, and Cas finds himself too numb to argue, “which I, of course, regret, but you weren’t where you were supposed to be.”
For now, he squeezes Dean’s hand where it’s held in his and lets Dean look around to his heart’s content.
Dean takes a deep breath. “I just… Look, when I quit my job, I wasn’t really thinking. I shouldn’t have done it without… Without talking to you first.”
working. The omega has taken to leaving a light cold breakfast for Dean instead of waking him and is outside before Dean rises. Dean listens to him humming in the roses, sometimes catching sight of him in his wide-brimmed sunhat with a basket over his arm, either tending the garden or gathering the blooms he selects for turning into oil. He comes in at midday to prepare another meal and check on Claire before he goes to check the traps set in the little forest behind the house, tend the old cow and chickens (not to mention Impala, and doesn’t Dean feel conflicted about
Dean squints suspiciously at him even as he cuddles closer and wraps a trembling arm around Cas’ leg to keep him still. “Promise?” he demands, so unlike his usual easygoing self. Castiel wonders if he needs to make it clearer to Dean that there is nowhere he’d rather be than right next to him, or if Dean already knows that and it’s just his medicine making him hazy.
“Cassie, don’t you think we’ve gone over it enough?” Gabe Shurley asks, slumped in his chair dramatically. The drama is only undercut a little by his lime-green Hawaiian shirt and orange bicycle shorts. “We’ve been here for
The bass is loud enough to rattle his sternum pleasantly, but the music isn’t turned up so loud that his eardrums are suffering. Kevin knows what he’s doing and the dance floor is packed.
When he presents the question to Cas, Cas gives him a gentle smile. “Have you, though? Dean, you take such good care of everyone around us, you always have. I will support you regardless of what you decide as far as Adam goes, but let’s not lie to ourselves, now.”
or anything, but she’s in her early twenties, and they both have grey starting to show up at their temples (very attractive, she’s assured by those who fancy that particular gender).
Even though it’s technically Benny’s job, Kevin has nowhere else to be, and they both know there would be hell to pay if Dean got here to find Cas by himself, Kevin and Benny both nod. As fierce as Dean is, Cas is a force to be reckoned with all on his own. No one argues with Cas.
So now they stay here, in Cas’ home in California. It’s an extremely light place, with light-colored woods and white walls and big windows. The windows have been treated to block UV rays, so while it’s not always comfortable to be sitting in direct sunlight, the vampires move about the house with ease in the daytime.
Mr. Winchester acknowledges this with a nod. “Then you can call me Dean.” He scrubs a hand down his face and sighs.
Dean can’t help the smile that spreads across his face, but he still shimmies a little to get Cas to wake up. Cas groans grumpily and looks up at him.
“Naomi is my sire,” he says simply. “I was under her care for decades, and she was quite, ah, forceful. I’m intimately acquainted with her methods of persuasion.”
“I don’t,” he croaks. He winces, clears his throat, and tries again. “I don’t suppose I can convince you to stay in the car?”
The moment is broken when Cas comes into the room. His back is ramrod straight and his blue eyes are spitting fire, but his words are gentle when he speaks.
This time, he blatantly ignores Dean. “She became enraged, vicious in her anger. It was the second time she beat me so severely. I tried to… You must understand, I did everything I could to put up a fight, to restrain her, stop her, but I… There was nothing I could have done. She was a vampire, and I was a human. She beat me into unconsciousness.
Instead, he’s been watching television with Dean. As much as he despises inactivity, even he has to admit that letting Dean rest on top of him on the couch and fall asleep on his chest while Castiel desperately tries to understand whatever show they’re watching is an excellent pastime, far from a waste.
“I quit,” he says. He wants it to be firm and unshakeable, but his voice is shuddery and soft instead.
Before Balthazar can respond to Sam’s sass, Gabe saunters into the dining room. He’s wearing what Cas is relatively certain is a women’s pink silk robe that barely hits the middle of his thighs. It’s also only sort of tied closed, so more of him is on display than is not.
Dean surges upwards and presses their lips together, and just like every time, Cas flashes hot and cold a the touch.
“Didn’t have to?” Frankly, Dean can’t stand to listen to Cas insist that he does all this work while Dean stays in bed. “I know, Cas, but I’m going a little funny in the head just sitting here.” He smiles easily. “‘Sides, it’s my leg that’s hurt. My arms are just fine, and my arms are all I need to do any skinning or plucking. C’mon, Cas, please?”
Cas snatches the phone up, answers it, and presses it to his ear in less than an entire second. “Hello?”
He’s not sure how much time he loses to that particular line of thought, though it can’t be terribly long, since the Chinese place isn’t
He doesn’t know what he’ll do instead, but making the assertion to himself makes him feel a little better.
No, Dean wants the body gone and somewhere Cas doesn’t know about so it’s no longer a burden Cas has to carry.
“I won’t say that this isn’t shocking, or that I don’t understand why you kept this a secret all this time.” Dean winces, but Cas just strokes his jawline gently and keeps going.
Every day that he cannot call Anna, the sister he failed so fantastically so long ago, and tell her that he’s found the creature who murdered Joshua and slain it makes his heart ache fiercely. He works tirelessly, foregoing sleep and only feeding when it becomes absolutely urgent. He reads reports, studies, and translations until his eyes and head ache, and then he reads some more. He shamelessly uses the advantages that vampirism has granted him to push himself to his limits.
There are, of course, the old silver lines of stretch marks starting at Cas’ hips, at his inner thighs, and Dean knows he’ll find more on Cas’ belly when they’re able to be completely bare for one another. Far from a flaw, they add to Cas’ beauty, they’re signs of how strong his omega is, how his omega carried one pup and will be able to, someday, carry Dean’s own pups, too.
Dean needs to get something to clean them up with. He needs to open the window to clear out some of the heavy scent before Claire inevitably comes knocking early in the morning. He needs to get Cas a new nightgown out of the dresser and maybe take his soiled
As soon as Cas is close enough, Dean takes one of his hands and wraps those long, elegant fingers around the steaming mug he poured as soon as he heard Cas shuffling around. To his amusement, Cas doesn’t even properly open his eyes, just stands too close for propriety and slurps down the first half of the cup.
than nothing to him, he was already way too into whatever this thing with Cas was, but she was cute, and her family was wealthy, no harm in keeping a friendly connection), and when his eyes met Cas’, those blue depths burned with a barely contained fury.
“It’s okay,” Zeke soothes, “I know, you’re too good, you’ve taken care of so many people. It’s okay if you don’t remember. I’m disappointed, of course, but it’s to be expected. I knew, though, I knew you felt the same way.”
As the bullet slams into Dean Winchester’s upper thigh, making him cry out and Impala whinny and huff in alarm even as she continues her dead gallop, he can’t help but think
It’s a strange feeling that he doesn’t know what to do with. His life and career have required a certain moral ambiguity, an apathetic attitude when it comes to taking advantage of others, using them or mooching off of their kindness. He’s never felt bad about flirting with someone and then disappearing without a trace, or faking being ill or injured to gain favor or sympathy, or using other people in any way.
Dean chuckles. “Yeah, ‘pala runs the show, without a doubt.” He tries another smile. “What’s your name, so I can know what to call the man saving my life?”
it. He won’t let Cas change the way he dresses (because, Cas suspects, Dean knows it’s secretly a turn-on), but he’s stopped fighting or sleeping around, and he at the very least
Finally, the pup nods. She sends one more furtive glance at Dean, then buries her little face in Castiel’s neck. Castiel, on the other hand, doesn’t look back at all as he carries his pup out of the room and closes the door firmly behind them.
He can’t, though. He’s fading in and out, vision alternately clearing up, greying, then blacking out before clearing again some unknowable time later. The left leg of his breeches is stiff with dried, crusted blood. He can feel the warmth of what he thinks might be an infection radiating up his side.
"Sooner," Dean rasps. "Much sooner. Now. This weekend." He turns enough to whisper in Cas' ear. "We're eighteen now, gorgeous. We don't need 'em. Nobody but us, baby."
Mr. W is getting into it now, swinging Mr. N around wildly. Mr. N is laughing as he sings, more carefree than Charlie has ever seen him. She looks over to Anna, wide-eyed and wanting to share her surprise, but Anna is just
“We’ve already spoken about disturbing Dean,” Cas says, “and you still have chores and reading to do.”
Bobby has been a surprisingly vital asset. The old hunter has an extensive network of people who are “in the know” about the supernatural side of things, and they provide massive amounts of information.
He’s still in his own pajamas in deference to both the early hour and Cas’ comfort. It wouldn’t do to accost the poor thing fully dressed while he’s still in a nightgown.
“Well, I managed to dig the bullet out of your leg and get your fever down. Your clothes have been washed and repaired, although I wasn’t able to do very much for the staining on your breeches, I’m sorry. Your wound looked good this morning when I checked it, but I’ll need to change the bandages again before supper.”
“In many ways, my life with Naomi was exceptionally privileged. I had stellar tutors, excellent food, I was allowed to bathe once a week. We were frequent guests at highly sought-after soirees and balls. I was dressed in fine silks, linens, and wools. I had my own books, my own room, even my own horse.
It’s a relief when they reach the address Balthazar gave them. The warehouse is derelict, which is no more than Castiel expected. It’s close to mid-day, but a carport has been erected right in front of the door to the warehouse, so Dean pulls the Impala under the shade it offers and turns her off.
“This is about me, being tired of doing what I’m told. This is about Cas, who doesn’t deserve half of the shit I’ve had to put him through because of this company. I’m not giving him up, Dad, I’m just not, and I quit.”
Instead, he says, “Very well, then.” He knows he sounds stiff, too formal in his surprise and gratitude.
He has, by virtue of what he is and how long he’s been it, almost unlimited resources. But it’s been so long since he interfered with humans, and so long since he had a companion. Does he even know how anymore?
Without turning, Cas leans back, resting against Dean’s chest. Dean holds him close and presses a gentle kiss to his shoulder.
he was happy being with a high school dropout bartender with anger issues, an unhealthy attachment to his car, who regularly had arguments with his dog, but he was. He was happy with frozen pizza and boxed mac and cheese while they watched soap operas in their underwear at Dean’s place. He was happy with walking The Colonel on brisk fall mornings with Dean, shyly reaching out to lace their fingers together and then beaming when Dean squeezed his hand and held on.
He continues to disregard various sensations brought on by common medications - a sort of metallic sharpness from mood-stabilizers, a thickness of thought brought on by antipsychotics - for quite a while before he’s able to latch onto what he’s looking for. While he was standing outside, it was easy to hear the person he’s here for, but inside it’s a cacophony.
pups. He adores them, really. Outside of his subgender, the thought of harming a pup is so thoroughly abhorrent to him it makes his chest tighten and ache.
He manages to get the car unlocked just as Cas loses whatever patience he had. Cas bites Dean’s lower lip hard enough to draw blood and send excitement skittering down his spine. Dean pulls the back door open and laughs when Cas shoves him into the backseat. Cas just growls and crawls in on top of him, slamming the door shut behind them.
He considers drawing out the process of drying off, but he can’t bring himself to do it. If this will change the way Dean looks at him, he may as well get it over with.
Descriptions/implications of Castiel being admitted/kept in a psychiatric facility, as well as drugged and enrolled in drug testing trials, against his will as a child.
Sam sits on the bed and pushes his shaggy hair back out of his face. Dean turns in his desk chair to face his little brother and give him his full attention. Sam is one of only a few people who warrant Dean’s regard like that, and Dean takes pretty much everything Sam says seriously.
Dean’s breath stirs the little hairs on the back of Cas’ neck when he speaks again. “You wanna talk about it?”
Her mom isn’t there to yell at her about her homework, but Castiel will ask about it from time to time. Her mom isn’t there to tell off guys who grope her, but Dean and Benny keep a sharp eye on the patrons at the bar. Maybe her mom is still a phone call and a few hundred miles away, but Jo’s part of a family just the same here.
Because, again, Dean is a giver, he always goes to him when Cas gets like that. Oh, he’s still more dominant than not, especially because Cas is always begging and needy like this, but he lets Cas have what he wants.
For just a split second, she sees Mr. W, thinner, with features that could be classified as delicate, eyes sparkling at his partner. And Mr. N is almost scrawny, still with his solemn air but his eyes are twinkling back at Mr. W and his lips are tilted up at the corners.
Gabriel has the mask pushed up to the top of his head and is wiping tears from his eyes as if that’s not the third group of children he’s scared in the last hour. “Oh, Cassie, it’s too good. It’s too
Castiel feels himself thump into a chair as if through a thousand layers of cotton. The phone is pulled from his limp fingers and Dean begins speaking urgently to someone.
Instead of doing what he’s told, Dean snags Cas around the waist and pulls him close. Cas laughs and meets his husband halfway in a fierce, short, playful kiss that makes his head spin and his knees weak.
After a shower, when they’re cleansed of blood and other fluids, Cas follows Dean downstairs into the big, airy kitchen. He’s watching a stray drop of water slowly make its way down Dean’s neck, so he doesn’t actually
The night is dark and crisp,though, wonderful for many reasons. It’s almost midnight as they turn down the street Gabe pointed out, but the free emotion in the air has Castiel energized, walking with a spring in his step for the first time in a very long time.
Cas laughs softly when they try to whisper over each other, then says, “Kiss me, alpha,” affection and warmth thick in his voice.
“He and Michael were friends,” Cas says as he gently washes herbs from the garden. “He thinks that I…
The idea certainly has appeal. He’d be his own boss, he’d get to be in the thick of things instead of behind a desk all day. He can see a vague outline of it in his mind’s eye. Dark blue jumpsuits, a tiny breakroom in the back. Anna, in a t-shirt with the shop’s logo on it instead of a blouse, answering phones and taking no shit from asshole customers.
He thinks of Sam, going to the nearest town on the river from where they last saw one another, waiting and waiting, finally accepting that Dean wasn’t going to be meeting him there like he was supposed to.
Dean gives her a rueful smile. “Don’t be, I’m the one scheduling meetings and forgetting them. What’s the meeting for?”
with that, and he really is more than happy to give Cas whatever he needs, but he does need to angle his hips away from Cas to make sure the omega doesn’t feel pressured or awkward or-
He’s through letting Naomi control even that much of him, however. He will not let her or fear of her determine what he shares with his friends, his family.
(The old guy is getting quite a bit of grey in his muzzle these days, but his big brown eyes are still warm with adoration for Cas, and he still gets around all right. Dean tries not to worry.)
She’s very, very good, though, because she doesn’t bat an eye, or make any indication that she knows who he is. “Of course,” she says, rising to her feet. Castiel tenses, but she simply moves around the desk and down the hall. “If you’ll follow me, I’ll show you to Ms. Naomi’s office.”
Cas eyes soften a little from the suspicion that had been in them. “Well, not unless you know how to sew. You’re too weak to work with any of the animals, yet, and I do think that if you tried that before you took a saddle to Impala, she’d trample you.”
Dean’s grinning shamelessly. He rolls them so he’s hovering over Cas, and he savors the way Cas just goes, easy and warm and pliant.
Because this is how Dean has always reacted when Castiel has been even the slightest bit injured. Always a bit accusing, a bit angry, and mostly worried sick. Dean is muttering about getting blood into him when they get home, ignoring that Dean himself has a few wounds that are just this side of significant.
Finally, a man had stepped into the women’s bathroom, propped the door open behind him and knelt beside her. He’d swept her long hair into capable hands and rubbed her back as she finished vomiting and shaking.
Castiel and his siblings also seem to be perfect. Well-mannered, well-dressed, well-groomed. Not a hair out of place or a wrinkle in sight.
There is some shouting, some throwing things, and more than a few glasses are smashed. Finally, Castiel and Benny get Dean shut up in the back office with a bottle of whiskey and a demand to leave the opened wounds on his knuckles for Castiel to disinfect. Cas also tired to leave The Colonel with him, but Dean insisted that he wanted the big German Shepherd with Cas instead, because he “doesn’t trust that damn kid one bit.”
Castiel has often admired how little Dean tries to hide his emotions. Dean feels everything, positive or negative, freely, openly, unashamed. To someone as restrained as Castiel is, it’s fascinating.
In short, Castiel is the precise combination of physical features that have been known to get Dean to do stupid,
That boy has been through quite enough, and I won’t stand by and let you take him somewhere he’ll get even more of the same.”
“Nor can I expect you to not want to protect me in kind,” Cas says, smiling up into Dean’s surprised eyes. “This fight, I feel very much that it is my own fight. One that I have brought on myself, a mess I should have cleaned up years ago. I feel… Responsible for Naomi, the Lightbringers, and their actions." Dean opens his mouth to interrupt, but Castiel doesn’t allow him to. “However, wherever the blame lies, it is a fight I must fight. And since I must, I would be honored if you were to fight it beside me, Dean Winchester.”
Adam’s eyes widen a little again, Charlie laughs, Cas sighs, and Dean thinks they might be all right.
you, Castiel,” Zeke says earnestly. “I know it’s been a very long road, and I think you’ve been very cruel, making me wait for you this long, but I forgive you. We can be together now! We can leave now, start somewhere new, and-”
Dean grins. He was worried, bringing a stranger (blood relation or no) into their little family, because it’s not something everyone can do, working at The Bunker. This kid, though. This kid gets it. “Good man.”
Despite everything going on, Dean’s lips twitch upwards into a smile. Cas, too, relaxes a fraction, and they share an amused glance over her head.
can we go home before you tear each other’s clothes off? I got an angry girlfriend to soothe, and Bal and Lucifer gotta canoodle, too.”
Dean is his saving grace (as usual). Dean hasn’t stopped making fun of this spectacle since he walked in the door, raised an insolent eyebrow at Naomi, and made a beeline for Cas. He smells good, looks good, and feels good, smiling at Cas’ side with his arm tight around him. He steadies Cas, somehow, makes the sting of disappointment less bitter with his tender touch and sharp words for Cas’ mother.
Castiel's love for Dean, however, is just as passionate and ruthless as Dean's is for him. He is just as willing to fight tooth and nail for Dean. He just fights in a different arena than fists and blood.
Cas is staring up at him defiantly, bashfulness forgotten. His hands are on his hips, emphasizing how slender he is, and his bare feet give him an air of vulnerability.
has Cas been perfectly gracious and lovely, he quite handily saved my life when I rode up. I’ve grown quite fond of him and his pup, and I don’t think I like what you’re implying...
“Cas, I wasn’t lying to Claire. I want to stay for a while, find a way to help you in the long run.” Cas hasn’t turned around, but his head has tilted. He’s listening.
The meal passes in an almost comfortable silence. Castiel seems to be caught up in his thoughts, somewhere between confused and suspicious (like father, like daughter, really). He hums in surprise at his first bite, and Dean ducks his head to hide his smile.
Cas aims a hard kick to the leg of Dean’s desk. The jolt wakes Dean up. He blinks sleepy green eyes and grins at Cas, who has to work not to find it endearing.
Castiel smiles a bit, rueful but not apologetic. “It’s almost time for supper, anyway. Are you hungry? I’ve made a stew, I think you should be able to stomach a small bowl of it if you feel up to it.”
you. You mustn’t let it bother you, Dean. You must hold your head high and ignore them, and… Well, it might be for the best if your visit is brief.”
going off, it’s not actually on his nightstand, because it’s still in his pants, which ended up somewhere over by the door. Colonel is probably lying in the living room with his eyes glued to that same door, waiting for one of them to wake up and let him out.
Cas finally looks up to see Sam sitting at one end of their dining room table with books, pens, papers, and folders scattered around him. His shaggy hair is wild, going in every direction in a mess that rivals Cas’ own constant bedhead. The poor boy has circles beneath his eyes and his shoulders are tight with tension, but the disgusted face he makes at the two of them is genuine.
Anger begins to burn beneath Charlie’s skin. She manages to keep her cool, but only barely. “Nick,” she grits out, “word of advice? You’re gonna want to keep that particular opinion to yourself.”
He’s laid out on his back, hands at his sides, on a good-sized bed with clean blankets tucked neatly around him. The bed underneath him and the pillow cushioning his head are comfortable, but maybe a bit outdated. The blankets are of good quality and in good repair, but they're old. The room smells faintly of omega, but the open window has aired the space out quite well.
Here, in the space between them, the space that’s quiet and just for them, before the outside world can intervene, Dean whispers, “You did great, gorgeous.”
This is where Castiel must be exceptionally careful. He keeps any inflection from his voice whatsoever as he starts to tenderly wrap Dean’s hand in gauze.
Cas blinks. “Well, of course I have a razor, but I… Ah…” His cheeks dust pink again. Dean tries not to be enchanted. “Well, I-
“Dean,” Cas says, “would you be opposed to trying this? I think we should take steps to incorporate more vegetable-based products in our diet and eliminate some of the animal-based foods.”
Cas doesn’t lift his head from where it’s pressed against Dean’s shoulder, but he heaves a sigh. Sirens are starting to become audible from outside.
Cas makes a keening sound that’s barely human, raw and animalistic. He takes a beat to adjust, then plants his hands on Dean’s bare chest and starts to ride him like a man possessed.
“It wasn’t brigands that shot me, it was a mark. Uh, my… Victim, I suppose. He got wise and chased Sam and me out of town on the wrong side of a pistol. That’s why Sam and I split up. We got a system to meet ninety days from the last day we saw each other in the closest town to the closest river. One of us will have a room in the easternmost inn under an assumed name.
Dean clears his throat a little. “Uh, like I was saying, as far as being married, I don’t think we’ll need to entangle ourselves
“I stayed for a year, and then she adopted another child.” A ghost of a smile touches Castiel’s lips. “His hair was too long, and he was too smart-mouthed for Naomi to really like, but Gabriel’s presence our estate woke me up.”
bodies available for debauchery. Cas has always just wanted to be where Dean is, but he suspects that his companions are still wary not only of the Lightbringers, but because of the events surrounding Dean’s kidnapping by Alastair. There must have been a reason they both stayed in Kansas, after all.
from the back room is followed by a surprisingly loud, fierce snarl. A streak of brown and black fur flies by Castiel and lunges at Zeke before he can properly react.
But Dean asks for so few things, and he’s still struggling after the biology final debacle. So Cas scowls, but he squeezes Dean’s hand and nods his assent.
Claire giggles and writhes in happiness. She cuddles close and pulls Cas with her. She doesn’t stop pulling and pushing them to her whim until she’s satisfied, which leaves all of them hopelessly tangled up in blankets and one another.
that being able to sweet-talk a mark is a hell of a lot easier for a pretty omega than for a tall, broad alpha, even if Dean
The way Cas buries his face in the pretty blooms doesn’t hide his blush or his glowing smile, and the thick floral scent doesn’t hide the sweet smell of happy omega.
Castiel notices the way Dean’s arm stiffens around his shoulders, though his voice remains light. “They’d be crazy not to bump you to the top, kiddo.”
Sure enough, the other alpha is growling and shouting and turning his horse to follow Sam. Dean snarls, but the pain in his leg is starting to make him dizzy and he’s only in the saddle by the grace of the gods and Impala’s blessed intelligence. There’s no way he has the coordination to pull his gun out to get the mark to go after him instead. He’ll have to trust in Sam to keep himself alive and unharmed.
While he’s standing there, lost in his own thoughts, certainly not helping himself or the boy, the door to his left opens and a short woman with dark skin wearing lavender scrubs walks out holding a clipboard. She doesn’t quite startle when she sees Castiel standing there, but she comes close, and she noticeably relaxes when she sees the badge on his chest that declares him a visiting doctor. She comes easily when he motions her over and holds his hand out for her to shake.
It’s probably a bit counter-intuitive for a houseful of vampires to have followed a human child to California, which is famous for sunshine and beaches. If they were going to leave Kansas, it would have made more sense to go to South Dakota where Bobby Singer lives.
at the thought of marking his omega in this way, and it prolongs his orgasm until he’s shuddering and gasping into Cas’ neck.
After lunch at a cafe that Cas adores and Dean doesn’t hate, they divvy up dogs to take to the park. The Colonel always goes with them, and today it’s Golem and Phoenix who join him.
His eyes snap open, and he’s drowning, drowning, drowning in the crystalline blue of Castiel’s eyes in his first moments of eternity.
Zeke shouts, and Cas jumps again. He presses his lips together hard so he doesn’t cry out. Even if someone were to hear, there’s no telling what Zeke would do to them, and Cas is certain the front door is locked, anyway.
He also suspects that Sam would have complained more about being trailed to California, but when the final information came through about what his scholarship would cover and housing wasn’t on the list, he quieted his grumbling and moved into one of the guest bedrooms of Cas’ California home, conveniently only a few miles away from Stanford.
(Once, early on, Asa propositioned Dean, knowing full damn well about Cas. He carried the black eye for a week, and never said another word about it. They’re still friends, but Dean doesn’t tell Adam about that.)
“And I was kinda wondering…” Dean finally glances up to meet his eyes for a breath before looking back down. “What’s, uh. What’s the plan after that?”
Each piece of fabric, whether it’s clothing, towels, or a bolt of material, has a note pinned to one corner. After insisting she be extra careful not to prick herself on the pins, Dean lets Claire bring him a few pieces at a time so he can sort them into piles. The embroidery requests range from simple (initials placed in the corner of a handkerchief), to quite elaborate (a flowering vine along the hem of a dress). Each of them has a date on them, which Dean assumes is the date that the order was placed. He stacks them with the newest requests on the bottom and the oldest on top, although the oldest requests are only a week old, which is astonishing considering how much work is there. Another reason to be impressed with the omega, Dean supposes.
Without saying a word, Dean lets his head fall to one side. He’s panting as he does so, and his fangs are visible in his enticingly open mouth.
Cas’ blue eyes are wide with surprise and his hair is wilder than usual, flattened on one side and sticking straight out on the other, but that’s not what has Dean’s tongue tied in knots.
Bartholomew and Naomi married shortly after graduation, and Bartholomew started preaching shortly after that. They became quickly (and quietly) rather influential (and absolutely shamefully wealthy).
“You must know,” Castiel continues. “I have been hiding this from you for long enough. You wanted to know, and I will tell you.”
Castiel was not, however, one of Naomi’s generals for nothing. Though he came with a vague plan, he easily makes alterations to it and hopes that Dean and Lucifer play along.
Something unreadable flashes in Dean’s eyes before he shrugs and smiles lazily. “C’mon, Cas, you know I’m not gonna pass.”
Dean is aware that he has what’s probably a dopey smile on his face, but he can’t help it. The little girl is so earnest, so serious as she works out whether or not to tell him her name. He might already be a bit besotted.
He has no idea how long they stand in the hot water every night. Mostly, it’s only a few minutes before they begin leisurely washing one another. Sometimes it’s much, much longer on nights when Cas needs time to come back to himself. Or the rarer nights when Dean needs to hold Cas, needs to remind himself that there are good people and that he managed to snag one of the best.
He goes through the formality of asking permission to leave the classroom, but a formality is all it is. He’s going to find Dean, come hell, high water, or detention The teacher lets him go without a fuss, he assumes, because no one shouts at him as he leaves, but he doesn’t actually care.
Castiel hasn’t believed in God since he watched his father waste away slowly before dying surrounded by sycophants and reeking of death and his own sickness. If there is a God, He certainly doesn’t take very good care of His people, and Castiel can’t put his faith in someone like that.
Castiel’s face could be carved from granite for all the emotion it gives away. He learned from the best, after all. “Oh?”
Cas finally steps out of the doorway and places his laptop on the table a couple of places down from Sam. He actually started the day by doing research like he was supposed to. Dean, while he needs less and less every day, still needs to sleep regularly. Cas usually joins him, but there was work to be done. He was sitting against the headboard, absorbed in the work on his laptop when he’d felt fangs nipping at his thighs.
Donna’s eyebrows raise, but she rolls with the surprise admirably. Dean is unspeakably grateful. She nods once, decisively, and pats his shoulder.
Dean is well aware that Cas is probably already back in the house. The bedroom door is wide open, he’ll be able to hear them easily.
Uriel,” Castiel insists, hoping against hope to get through to this vampire who was once a brother in arms. “Uriel, this is crazy. The ravings of a madwoman. Naomi has always been just this side of insane. How could you
“Sure thing!” Jack says cheerfully. Cas thinks for the umpteenth time that Jack would be better suited to work outside of private security. He vows again to stop letting his own life distract him and talk to Jody about what else they can find for the boy.
Dean wraps Cas up in his arms and holds him, too tired to keep his eyes open but not too tired to nuzzle sleepily at the back of his neck.
- Hi, y'all. You may have noticed some slowdown in updates. I got the news that I'm going to be an aunt (WHAT) unexpectedly, and the pregnancy is very high risk to both baby and my sister-in-law. I'm pretty much a nervous wreck at this point, so I'm channeling all of my anxiety into fiber arts and crocheting a baby blanket instead of writing. I'm still writing a little, but updates and replies will be slower than usual for a while. Sorry, fam.
“I’m sorry,” he says again as Castiel begins to smear more of the mysterious salve onto his leg. It burns and tingles, which makes Dean hiss, but it smells like herbs and plants, and he can feel the pain abate in just a few moments. “It must have been pretty disgusting to deal with me when I rode up.”
“It was evident to me that this was different, more brutal. She still didn’t hit my face, didn’t dare scar that, but she beat every other part of me mercilessly. I know I was crying, but I don’t remember much else. The pain was… Huge, unimaginable. I don’t know how I stayed conscious.
There’s a heavy, awkward silence in the air. They’re on opposite sides of the room, almost, but the distance seems monumental as they size one another up.
He lets Dean lead them until he realizes where they’re going. He pulls away, ignoring Dean’s protesting whine.
A little more than an hour later, Dean manages to stumble and limp his way back into the house. The meat has been salted and the hides are ready for tanning, although that’s a bit beyond Dean’s energy right now.
Dean wonders for a moment what his mom would have said about this, then banishes the thought. Nothing good can come from that line of thinking.
he thinks, looking over at the dog in question, who’s staring up at Cas with devotion in his eyes and the hope that Cas has treats in his heart.
Dean still has visions of Cas dancing in his head when he walks into the office a couple of hours later. Cas’ hair,
Silence all around him tells Castiel that either the rest of the fighting has stopped to watch them, or one side has dispatched the other. He spares a glance for Dean, who’s a bit more bloodied but is on his feet and observing solemnly, before looking back down at Naomi.
“Their idea,” Castiel says slowly, still struggling to parse out what exactly is going on here, “is a world in which humans serve vampires. They would give us whatever we wanted.”
That’s… Actually a really good point. It’s the first time Dean’s ever heard of anything like this, and his parents wouldn’t hide it from him if it had happened before. As long as they shut it down hard and fast, nothing will come of it.
Dean shudders and closes his eyes against the mischievous heat in Cas’ gaze. He slowly releases Cas’ cock, ignoring the needy noise from the back of the omega’s throat, and slowly trails his hand down until he’s circling Cas’ entrance, already wet enough to coat the tips of Dean’s fingers.
“I wouldn’t have told you, but I knew you were beginning to worry,” Mr. N says. “I would appreciate it if you kept this to yourself, Charlie, please. It’s very important to Dean.”
Lips slapping against his own stop his fast words, and he manages to catch Dean’s hips in his hands when Dean shoves him back against the van and kisses the hell out of him. It takes him a beat, but Cas manages to catch up and kiss back, clutching Dean closer.
Adam smiles, a crooked, timid thing, but better than the low-key fear that’s been on his face since he walked into The Bunker for the first time.
While Sam has always been the one who wanted a family and is well on his way to getting it with Jess, Dean’s never really wanted to end up
- Also, this is set in the year 2015, because I wanted Dean to be pretty young, which explains both his wonky DOB in the first chapter that contained his patient chart, but also why Cas has a cell phone.
“Yeah. All of this was Lucifer,” Dean says, reading Cas’ mind and waving a hand to indicate the bodies. “While we were in there, I guess he, uh, took care of everyone else.”
Cas falls silent for a minute or so, and Dean lets him, loathe to interrupt what almost sounds like the opposite of the dismissal he was expecting.
They’re old instincts, of course, but he can’t help but preen a little when he’s able to lay everything out on the table.
fingers out of Cas. He nuzzles Cas face, besotted with the way that, even when Cas is irate with him, he still presses into each touch and wraps his arms around Dean’s neck to keep him close.
polite might actually be more accurate. He complimented Anna’s blouse and did the same for Dean’s office upon entering. He’s wearing a
Cas rolls his eyes, but to Dean’s delight, he doesn’t move away when Dean crowds into his space. Cas just tilts his head back and smiles.”
His shirt is just loose enough to show the juncture of his neck and shoulder on both sides, which tell a story without words. On one side, a neat set of teeth, clearly a mating mark done by a good, caring mate. The other side, though, is mangled and torn. It’s healed, all scar tissue now, but it looks like there were several attempts to make Castiel someone’s mate, and Dean doubts any of them took.
When they get back to the house, Claire’s own little bouquet is clutched to her chest, then given a place of honor on top of her chest of drawers in her bedroom. Dean presents Cas with the bigger bouquet, looking him int he eye and making sure that their fingers brush when he hands them over.
She glances at her screen again. “No specifics, just says contract renegotiation with a Castiel Novak.”
On occasion, their shared shower gets a little handsy. But shower sex is complicated, and they’re both getting a little too old to ignore the king-sized bed in the other room.
“I just…” Adam is saying, staring down at the bar where his wringing hands rest, “I don’t know, I guess. What I was thinking, coming here.”
Cas’ thighs cling to Dean’s hips and his fingers are still scrabbling at his back. Dean finds an angle that makes Cas absolutely
John has never been an overly protective father, but Dean never really thought that when push came to shove John would ever land on someone else’s side.
It’s not long until Castiel comes back. He has two thin rabbits and one fat pheasant on his belt. He blinks at Dean and Claire, who are at the table, side by side this time. Dean leans back from where he was reading along with the pup in one of her workbooks and eyes the game Cas is carrying.
much. For appearance’s sake, we’ll have to…” Here he blushes, which Cas finds inappropriately delightful. “Well, we’ll probably have to move in together. And we’ll need to go on semi-regular dates for visibility, but I think that will be the extent of it. Might be overcautious, really.”
Dean lays a sweet kiss next to Cas’ ear, just above his jaw. “Is that what you wanted, darlin’?” he whispers. “Gods, you
“It is,” Dean says, an absent sort of horrified wonder in his voice. “It’s because I married a man. Because I didn’t settle down with a pretty blonde and have two-point-five kids. It’s because of Cas.”
Dean scoffs. “Cas, I’m in your debt, at best. At worst, I’ve wildly taken advantage of you and your kindness.”
It’s true, and Castiel feels a stab of guilt. It’s not Gabriel’s fault that he’s been so very tired lately, so disenchanted with his entire existence. Gabriel has never felt that way - Gabriel thinks every day is a new chance for mischief and mayhem, both things that fuel him.
The omega takes an uncertain beat to answer. “... Yes, and I save the pelts for trade, too. The rabbits, I mean.”
He falls asleep listening to Cas’ and The Colonel’s slow, gentle breathing, just like he does every night, and feels luckier for it every time.
If Dean thought for a moment that Castiel wasn’t interested in his advances, he would cease them immediately. He’d still be happy to stay on this little farm, whether or not he and Cas are involved (gods, he hopes Cas wants to be involved with him). Dean’s known a few alphas in his time who didn’t see anything wrong with forcing their attentions on an omega, but it’s always made him queasy to think about, especially with everything in Castiel’s history.
While they were in training, Uriel was good, but Castiel was better. It satisfies something deep within in that he is
This infuriating boy who has completely consumed Castiel’s thoughts just smiles, tugs Castiel close with an insolent arm around his waist, and murmurs, “Whatever you want, gorgeous.”
He burns for Cas. All of the shady, bad shit he’s done, he would do again for Cas in a blink. He would level cities for Cas, destroy people and demolish buildings. He wouldn’t betray Sam for Cas, but at this point (and he’ll never tell
because he clenches around Dean, sending his self-control and his thoughts and possibly his soul all to hell.
If he was capable of feeling anything at all, Cas would be wildly offended. As it is, he can hardly feel his
“My dad, John Winchester, the CEO, is stepping down from his position. I’m the natural choice as his replacement, but the fact that I’m not married is a roadblock.”
Castiel pulls one of the chairs from across the desk around so he’s sitting next to Dean. As he’s pulling the first aid kit from the bottom drawer of the desk, The Colonel goes to flop onto his bed gracelessly in the corner.
- Merry Everything and Happy Always, my loves. May whatever holidays you celebrate be blessed and full of warmth. <3
He has no idea how long they’ve been here. He’s sitting on a bed, leaning back against Cas. They’re not in his bed, he doesn’t think so, anyway. He doesn’t remember. They went somewhere for this, somewhere safe, but the knowledge is slipping away with his lifeblood. The only thing he knows for sure know is Cas, Cas’ cold chest behind him, Cas’ strong arms holding him up, Cas’ lips at his neck.
“Anna didn’t stay with us, and I didn’t ask her to. Gabriel and I made our way across the continent until we found a small church. I was exhausted and my bloodlust was killing me, but Gabriel kept me human, kept me connected with humanity enough that I was able to keep my head about me, enough to know that if I left the boy with a church, I could crawl off somewhere to die in peace. I wouldn’t have, of course, but I didn’t know that at the time.
Castiel knows that eavesdropping is terribly rude, of course, but when he realized that Charlie and Nick were talking about him, he was unable to decide if it would be more awkward to interrupt or to pretend he wasn’t there.
The feeling of victory brought on by Cas’ tepid acceptance of Dean’s help fades quickly, leaving the alpha tossing and turning all night. It had certainly
“My goodness,” Cas says after the silence draws on long enough to make it clear that Dean won’t continue until Cas answers him. “What on Earth could you have to tell me?” A soft, teasing smile on that mouth that Dean’s so taken with. “You’re not wanted for murder, are you?”
He’s alone in bed. He gets up and dresses slowly, mechanically. His mind is racing, but he is certain.
Nick shrugs, feigning nonchalance. “Dean is just so… Bight. Personable? I don’t know, he seems so outgoing. And Castiel is… A little bit of a cold fish, don’t you think?”
He doesn’t really have an opinion on Nick yet. He knows Dean likes him, and he trusts Dean. The new bartender seems to be friendly enough, and the rest of the team likes him.
Okay, what can we do? Can your father help? No, I don’t know why I asked, he’s probably part of the problem. That’s okay, we can do it ourselves! This is nonsense. Oh!” He snaps his fingers behind Dean’s back. “We can start a letter-writing campaign! Donna writes the
Dean knows that there’s a possibility that all of this is just a result of being so tightly wound for so long, that the unspooling of tension from his spine is unlikely to be permanent, but somehow he doesn’t actually believe that. It occurs to him, as one, two weeks pass without noticeable disruption of their new day-to-day, that this is how his
Only long practice at hiding his reactions from his mother (something Naomi absolutely despises, which is at least half of why he bothers) keeps Castiel from stiffening in surprise. Instead, after a beat, he hums thoughtfully.
Sure, it’s a little weird. Hell, Mr. N himself is more than a little weird. But it’s nice, too, really nice.
Zeke nods, satisfied. “I was waiting for you, and then…” And now his face darkens, anger clouding his expression. Cas’ spine feels like ice and his legs are tingling, whether with the need to flee or warning of collapse, Cas doesn’t know.
Castiel keeps a stiff, formal smile on his face as another board member from a local university wishes him a happy birthday. The man is short, round, sweaty, and inexplicably smells like sausage.
His handsome face is flushed and sweaty. His hair lies flat in some places and sticks up wildly in others. His green eyes are glazed and bright with fever, but he manages a shaky smile for Castiel. Cas’ heart squeezes in his chest and he brushes his fingers through Dean’s hair again. Dean has taken some heavy-duty medication given to him by an in-home nurse who came by, so he's rather incoherent. Even high, sick, and out of his mind, though, he’s the most lovely thing Castiel has ever seen.
Quiet footsteps alert him to Dean’s presence, but he doesn’t lift his head until he feels Dean’s hands on his knees. Castiel opens his eyes to see Dean kneeling in front of him, green eyes glowing in worry.
Instead, the omega’s hands are occupied by a massive basket, full of small canvas bags that Dean’s nose tells him are full of rose petals. There are also several blooms still on their long, thorny stems wrapped in clean linen cloths. Cas places the basket on the table and looks at his pup, who seems unfazed.
She’s been cocktail serving for a long time. She knows her shit. She knows how to walk just enticingly enough to earn extra tips but to dissuade creepers who would hit on her or touch her without her consent (and that thought always sends shudders down her spine). She knows how to smile, to flirt lightly, how to make enough money to not be humiliated by her chosen profession.
It is short and brutal, when Castiel tears Uriel’s throat out with his teeth. Excessive, maybe, and a bit dramatic, but he is immediately appeased when the blood too pale and thick to be human pours sluggishly down Uriel’s chest. Thick, wet choking sounds come from the other man’s mouth before Castiel reaches out and casually tears Uriel’s head from his body.
anything from me. You’re our guest, and still injured to boot. I quite insist that you have the bed.”
Look away Cas does, however. They have an essay due the next afternoon, and Dean’s ego doesn’t need more fuel ( as far as his looks go, anyway).
Lucifer nods, eyes a little wide. “All aboard the crazy train, huh? You’re not hurt, you’re insane.”
When they open the front door, five friendly faces greet them. All named after mythical creatures from the lore Cas loves and collectively dubbed The Pack by a lazy Dean, most of their dogs are too high-strung to take to work. Only The Colonel comes with them, since he’s laid-back enough to snooze on the dog bed they keep in the office for him, and he’s been registered and trained as an emotional support animal for Cas.
Without moving her face from where it’s hidden against Dean’s chest, she starts babbling incoherently between sobs. Dean can’t make out much more than the words “bad dream.” He gently kisses the top of her head and makes sure to hold her closely, securely.
Gabe grumbles but doesn’t argue. Across the little circle of chairs they’re all sitting in, Meg Masters rolls her eyes. “We done here, Clarence? I don’t want to hang around if y’all are just gonna make googly eyes at each other.”
Castiel glances at Dean, who nods a little and places his hand on Castiel’s thigh beneath the table. Cas covers Dean’s hand with his own, clears his throat a bit, and speaks.
A comfortable silence falls between them as Dean finishes undressing and steps into the hot water. He shudders as the warmth begins to sink into him. He goes down far enough to dunk his head, then leans back, rests his arms along the sides of the tub, and lets his head fall back, too.
Overwhelmed by the breadth of emotion in his chest, not to mention the tightness around his cock, his voice comes out a bit strangled. “You can let me call you lovely as many times as I wish,” he says, shuddering as Dean sinks down completely until his ass rests on Cas’ hips.
Dean winces. “Look, Cas, like I said, if you don’t want me sticking around now, I get it. And if…” He swallows hard. “If you hate me, I get that, too. I can go, and I have some gold that should help you out. Unless you don’t want stolen coin, which I suppose I would underst-”
The only vampires who drink blood, for example, are from the Ruby Court, and the elders of that Court know how dangerous they are, so they are extremely few. Any request to make a Ruby youngling is heavily regulated and must be approved by all elders of the Court, which happens very rarely. Only one new Ruby has been created by law since Castiel himself was reborn, and Meg is still angry that she wasn’t allowed to die on her own terms. Any other Ruby vampires made any more recently than in the last century are unregulated, being hunted down by their own kind as well as human hunters.
He and Kevin dissolve into excited chatter about the class, but Dean looks right over at Castiel, who makes sure to keep any smugness or satisfaction off of his expression.
Dean shrugs on his way to the kitchen. “Cas and I are doing something beautiful and natural, Sammy, nothin’ to be squicked by.”
Regardless of the reason, she gives him a decisive nod. “Very well, Doctor. Come to the office with me and we’ll get the paperwork drawn up.
Cas looks up at his entrance. His face is unreadable, but his eyes are unearthly in the low light of the lantern on the table. The omega’s hands have paused on the cloth they hold, and Dean has no idea what to make of Cas’ scent.
Not that she’s worried about her bosses’ relationship. They’re good, they’re still goals. She’s worried about
Cas stares at him for a long moment, but Dean just stares right back. He’s not scared of Cas, and besides, it’s good for his boyfriend to unclench every once in a while and do something that’s less than perfectly coiffed.
Dean shrugs. “Dunno. We’ll handle it either way. Worst case scenario? He knows what’s going on and he likes it, is actively encouraging it. That would be bad.”
There are a few spots, Cas knows, that his boyfriend goes to hide and chain smoke when he’s upset, regardless of how Castiel feels about the smell. That eliminates any indoor hiding spot immediately. He goes to the bleachers to no avail. The small patio off of the band room, similarly, yields no results. The other side of the school, which for some reason doesn’t have nearly as many security cameras as the rest of the school, is empty.
Castiel tilts his head back to bump against the wall he’s leaning against. Dean had cited the need for a shower, so it had fallen to Castiel to call Charlie to ask for her help. He doesn’t mind at all, he loves the fiery little redhead as much as Dean and Sam do.
Last night was like a hazy, lovely dream. The cookout, where he somehow found himself slotted in amongst the people of HLSC like a puzzle piece that finally found its place. He was surrounded by good food, good people, and good beer (Meg knows how to brew for sure). Cas was a sweet, warm weight up against his side, under his arm, and for the night Dean was able to pretend it was real - holding Cas, nuzzling at him, pressing gentle kisses to his cheek, and dancing him across the parking lot like Dean wants to spend the rest of his life doing just to make the other man smile.
when he has Cas next to him. Castiel, second eldest Novak son, certified genius, master manipulator, so goddamn pretty it’s hard to look at him directly? Yeah, walking down the halls with his arm around Cas makes Dean feel like a king.
After years of getting to sleep with his lovely Dean, Cas knows his partner inside and out. He knows how far to push Dean and how far he’ll push back. So he also knows how Dean will react to being provoked.
from up front. Frowning, Cas leans back to try to see the front of the shop. It appears to be empty.
As he surrenders to the blackness for what he suspects will be the last time, he hopes someone will take care of his horse after he’s dead.
“Doesn’t matter,” Dean says with another shrug. “I’m not as smart as you are, Cas. Don’t see why I should waste time studying when it’s not gonna help.”
to make matters worse, their business is almost exclusively done on pen and paper, so she can’t even use less than legal means to find the answers she’s looking for!
So Cas rises from his chair and puts an extra slink in his walk as he goes to Dean. Without words, he gently pushes Dean over until his boyfriend is on his back, looking warily up at Cas as he goes to his knees, straddling Dean’s waist. He sits there, then cups Dean’s face with his hands and looks him straight in the eye, never giving him an opportunity to do anything but believe everything Castiel says.
(It does get harder to do so when he sees Dean fret over one of their own, but keep it to himself he does.)
Castiel thinks of Dean for a beat. He thinks of Dean’s leather jacket, his ridiculous car, the eyes fit for a Disney princess. Of cheeseburgers and a calloused hand holding his own and of rolling his eyes when Dean insists on carrying his books to class.
Once they’ve cleaned up and the smell of stew is starting to drift through the house, Claire points out the piles of laundry.
“This is Dean Winchester. The poor boy’s family admitted him when he was very young. They visited a few times in the beginning, but it’s probably been over ten years since he had a visitor.”
Castiel piles the dishes and the pitcher on the tray. Dean is starting to drift when Castiel speaks.
It’s impossible to know for sure if her mind is more susceptible to compulsion than he originally thought, if she believes him even though he’s been relatively vague, or a bit of both. He likes to think she can see how sincere he is in his desire to care for the boy.
She squeaks and drops the stack of menus she’d been gathering in her arms. Mr. N helps her, all stiff and stoic like always, and then neatly stacks them on the shelf just beneath the top of the podium.
- The "Iceland, baby" scene is the one I had in mind when I started this fic. Directly inspired by the Laboratory episode of
He’s never liked this office. It’s a corner office, which he guesses is nice, with the pretty Kansas City skyline making a striking backdrop at any time of day, but the rest of the room is sleek, sterile. The carpets are plush, dark grey, and his father’s desk is all chrome and glass. Two black bookshelves adorn the walls, each lined with awards that Winchester Motors has won and the kinds of books that have their titles stamped in gold leaf on leather spines. He doesn’t know if his dad has ever read any of them or if he just thinks they’re the books he should have read but that’s not really the kind of question he can just
Castiel likes her immediately, but can only muster up a tight smile for her. “I’ve found that guided tours don’t always give me the full picture. I doubt I’d be down here if I was being accompanied by a director or board member.”
Claire comes in as Dean is letting himself collapse into a chair, sweating and panting profusely. Her little nose wrinkles at the scent of tired, pained alpha. Her hair is spilling free around her shoulders today, and her dress is dark brown. In her hand is a woven bag that Dean’s nose tells him holds chicken feed.
When Dean asked his parents about renting out the big rustic barn and having a few drinks for his birthday party, they agreed after only a cursory explanation. Sure, it’s a little different than what these rich kids are used to, but Dean’s got a plan.
Cas gasps and his back arches, sending Dean’s cock directly into his prostate on the next thrust, and without preamble, he comes so hard he nearly blacks out, screaming as wave after wave of intensity and pleasure make his vision grey out at the edges.
Castiel just smiles when Dean hits the doors to the physics classroom so hard they bounce off the wall and rebound back at him. Dean catches them so they don’t hit Cas, then drops them and puts his arm around Cas to take them out of the room. He seems uncaring about the yelp from the student behind them.
Cas frowns in confusion. It’s not a new feeling, since Dean often says things that confound him, but this doesn’t seem to be a reference to a movie. “Pardon?”
They don’t open the shop, but they do end up in Oh, You Betcha for lunch. Donna’s fussing has become so familiar that it’s a balm, a soothing blanket that settles over Dean’s shoulders.
Using another chair (and probably risking his recovery, which he should mind more than he does), Dean manages to get a big cooking pot hung over the fire in the fireplace to start the water boiling for another stew. Once that’s done, he scoots over to the table to chop vegetables and meat, letting Claire gather them up in a little towel and carry them from the table and dump them into the pot.
The Bunker is basically one giant room. In the middle, dominating the space, is a raised dance floor. On one side of that is an even more raised dais, able to house either a DJ’s set up or a live band. The rest of the room, the lowest level, is dotted with tall tables and stools, all gleaming. For now, the stools rest upside-down on the table tops and all of the lights except the ones from the kitchen and above the bar are turned off.
“My first memories are of an orphanage in Russia. My name was James. I’ve no way of knowing if the woman who gave birth to me named me, or if the orphanage did it. It’s not a traditional Russian name, so it must have been her. That’s neither here nor there.
Cas is having a conversation with Charlie sitting across the booth from them while Dean returns from the counter and slides into the seat next to him, slinging his arm across the back. When Dean places a milkshake in front of Cas, he expects the flat look that he gets. It’s a vanilla shake in a tall glass, with two cherries resting on a mountain of whipped cream and two straws poking out from the top.
The anger in Dean’s voice is like ice, sinking into Castiel’s limbs and chest and making him shiver and ache. The surge of victory disappears completely in its wake. He turns to look at his boy, though he looks more like a man now than he ever has.
Dean had shrugged. “Well, I told Cas a little bit about you, and he’s got a big heart. He wants to help. Thinks it’s ‘destiny’ that we knew each other, and that we need someone to help with security and that you’re a little lost right now.” A smile had graced Dean’s lips. “Cas is real good at finding lost people and bringin’ ‘em on home.”
It's telling as to Dean's state of mind when he doesn't so much as blush at the compliment. He just shrugs and lets his eyes fall to look down at Cas' chest. Cas allows it for now.
Castiel has made a more concentrated effort to blend in with humanity with dark jeans, a simple button-up, sneakers, and his favorite trench coat. Not the
And it is strong. Even the brief dip he experienced has him reeling - he feels lightheaded and he can feel his heart racing  unnecessarily. Gabe’s dilated pupils and accelerated breathing say that he’s feeling much the same.
Castiel doesn’t mind. Dean has always come back to him, and Cas will be here to call him back until either the end of time or Dean doesn’t want him anymore.
asked his weird, snake-in-the-grass question. It was sneaky and underhanded, and Charlie thinks that that behavior isn’t the kind of thing she wants at The Bunker.
It’s quiet but for the soft clinks of silverware against fine china. It’s always silent at the dinner table in the Novak family.
The song switches to a slower, more romantic tune. Castiel wouldn't notice at all, he's watching Balthazar try to wheedle Bela into dancing with him, but Dean squeezes his hand where they're entwined between them below the table.
Castiel, who is gazing warmly at Dean with what can only be described as adoration. There’s a smile on his lips, one that she recognizes as a soft, private smile, one only for Dean.
When Anna’s pretty, delicate features come into sight, Cas has to concentrate on fighting the flashbacks away.
Dean groans and settles back on the pillows. The coughing exhausted him, and it’s becoming a struggle to keep his eyes open. His chest aches, and the way he hunched over to cough set his leg to throbbing again.
“You know that Dean is our alpha, right?” Cas asks, voice low in Claire’s ear. Dean feels his heart skip a beat at that, then again at the way Claire nods without hesitation.
which Cas would have killed him for anyway. The moment he raised a hand to Claire, though, he deserved much worse than what he got.
Not that you would know it, looking at Sam. The kid is wickedly intelligent, a bright young man who made friends quickly when he and Dean showed up two years ago. Sam is going to change the world, maybe even save it.
Cas rolls his eyes at Dean’s crassness, which was Dean’s goal, and they make their way into the theater where graduation is being held.
about him, anyway, and Zeke isn’t here to listen to anything he has to say. His stomach turns when he wonders what Zeke has done to Meg to come here, because she surely would have come looking by now if she was able to.
“Dean Winchester,” he replies coolly. His name has never been attached to any of his crimes since he uses an alias, and he doesn’t want to start off this interaction by lying to the sheriff of Cas’ hometown.
Like a miracle given form, Anna appears next to her, becoming the second person making Charlie jump and squeak in a ten-minute timespan. Anna seems unperturbed.
It seems absurd after all they’ve been through together that he has any secrets at all from Cas. He knows that Cas prefers his breakfast bread just this side of burnt, he knows that Claire believes firmly that she will win every footrace she enters. He knows that Claire was a happy baby, and that the wariness that greeted him when he first woke was a defense she uses against
A warm stirring behind him, then Dean’s sleep-roughed voice. “Cas?” When Castiel can’t bring himself to respond with anything but a gasp, he feels Dean sit up behind him. “Oh, sweetheart.” Sorrow is thick in the words.
Castiel smiles. Flippant though she may be, Charlie is surprisingly fierce and earnest. Castiel considers her a good friend, and not only to Dean.
When she finally slips back into slumber, Cas leans up to kiss Dean gently, chastely. A reminder of the affection flowing freely between the two of them.
Cas is gently applying bandages to Dean’s leg again (another thing Dean has added to Cas’ long list of chores, boiling and laying out bandages to dry after they’ve been soiled, making the salve for his wound, caring for Dean’s useless ass). He hums thoughtfully, but shakes his head.
know that Misha Collins is not a twink. In this story, however, Cas is totes a twink, mostly because this is fanfiction and I do what I want.
“This is comfort cuddling,” Cas says, interrupting Dean gently and letting his head rest on Dean’s shoulder. “It’s very important when a significant life change has taken place that you cuddle for comfort so you can heal and move forward.”
Cas leaves again to get breakfast, just bread, and broth from the stew last night in deference to Dean’s still weak stomach, and Claire sneaks back in to stand at the foot of Dean’s bed again. There are already flyaway pieces of hair falling from her braids. Dean thinks she probably ran to finish her chores.
Even if he let Claire be in the room, even if Dean got her name and her sass and her small, barely-there smile, Cas doesn’t trust him.
“I have few memories of the orphanage, admittedly. Only that it was dingy, overcrowded, and we were constantly filthy and underfed. There was little in the way of structure, no attempt at education. It was a very bleak place.
“And my handsome alpha,” Cas says, twisting his hips on the downstroke and whiting out Dean’s vision for a moment.
Dean whimpers and Cas manages to pull his gaze away from the sight of Dean’s cock bobbing with his every movement and looks up into Dean’s eyes. A myriad of emotions dances in their green depths, lust, affection, desperation, mirth, and defiance. His complexity has always made Dean even more beautiful, and now is no exception.
It’s the worst, but Dean will give it this: once he and Colonel find their rhythm, it gives him a clear enough head to really think.
Sometimes it intimidates Dean, what a wonderful person Cas is. He wonders what he could ever do to deserve someone like that.
“Cas,” he says, and the omega stiffens. Dean wishes he wasn’t so wary, so angry, even as he knows the reason for it.
how good the omega smells, because he’s not staying forever. He’s not thinking about how much he wants to bed Cas, to bury himself in this sweet, fierce, independent omega, he’s thinking about how
A sparkle in those blue eyes tells Dean that Cas knows exactly what kind of effect he’s having. If Dean wasn’t so fucking gone on him, he’d say something about it. As it is, he gives into the endless desire to be as close as possible to one Castiel Novak.
She leaves them to their drinks, and Dean looks across the table at Cas, who’s resting his chin in the palm of his hand and gazing warmly at Dean. The early afternoon light is shining through the window, highlighting the streaks of brown in his hair, making his eyes sparkle.
It’s a tone of voice, hard and loud as a gunshot, that has always made Dean back down. He’s bent his neck and submitted more than once, every time, really, except for that brief period of rebellion as a teenager. He wonders if Cas would have liked him if they’d met then. How different would he be now?
Castiel has had bad experiences with alphas, at least one, anyway. It’s rather obvious that there’s no mate running around here. Cas doesn’t smell mated, there’s no alpha scent, and there’s been no confrontational alpha breaking down the door. Which means that the omega is here, alone, with a small pup to care for and defend.
Blood has always meant something more, something profound to Dean (though he’s just as passionate about their chosen family). To discover he has another brother, one he had no knowledge of, whose life he has not been in, and who he has had no opportunity to protect, but who is ultimately a stranger, must be quite confusing.
“Well, Dean Winchester, you and Impala are welcome to stay here while you recover enough to travel the rest of the way to meet your brother.”
What he told Claire about everyone belonging in the kitchen is how he was raised. Mary thought the implication that there would always be an omega around to feed them was foolish, especially considering their lifestyle. She made sure that each of her boys knew how to cook, clean, and sew.
“Well, we’ll have to have an NDA drawn up, and we’d have to be discreet, but there’s no reason this marriage should interfere with our… Uh, personal lives,” Dean finishes with a wince, as if he knows how absurd it sounds.
A short time later, Dean finds himself in Cas’ bed, his chest pressed against Cas’ slim back where he’s curled around the omega. Cas fell asleep rather quickly, but Dean finds himself fighting the urge to drop off into slumber. He wants to savor every moment of having Cas in his arms, replay every part of the last several days, relive the way Claire whispered that she loves him. Just in case it’s all a dream.
The crowd doesn’t obviously part for them as they make their way to the dance floor, but they don’t run into anyone, either. Dean wraps his strong arms around Cas’ waist and pulls him close. Cas drapes his own arms around Dean’s neck, and he can’t quite help the way his lips quirk up into a tiny smile when Dean presses his cheek to Cas’ and starts to sway them gently from side to side.
“Don’t,” Dean whispers, a ragged, wretched sound that pulls at Cas’ heart. “Don’t ask me to go easy on him, Cas, please, for the love of God. I can’t do it. Not after I had to watch him point a gun at you.
Dean has never felt like this before. This intense connection, need bordering on obsession, this belongs only to Cas.
As soon as he thinks it, Naomi is in front of him, a sword in her hand that’s remarkably similar to Castiel’s own. Her blouse is torn and there’s a cut high on her cheek that’s sluggishly oozing pinkish blood. Her eyes are crazed and manic, but focused enough to settle on him. Her mouth firms into a solemn line.
But he’s got to do something for cardio in addition to lifting at the gym three times a week, and it keeps Colonel happy, too. So every morning he grudgingly wakes up at the ass crack of dawn, gets his big German shepherd into his running harness and onto his leash, and they go for a
She looks down at her computer. “Just that your father wants to see you before your first meeting today, and you have a stack of memos to return.”
Dean shrugs. “Some girls in her grade were giving her shit. She asked for some help with how to deal with them.” He smiles a little. “I’m glad it worked. She’s a sweet kid.”
“Truly a queen worth serving,” Dean says with a grin, his eyes dancing. “Anyone would be lucky to be but a handmaiden in your court.”
To boot, Dean has also encountered those omegas. Except for those who are desperately broken, nay of them wanted no reminder or acknowledgement of what they’d gone through. Cas is as proud as anyone Dean’s ever met.
Uriel rolls his eyes. “Just because you are too naive to see the right path doesn’t mean that all of us are so misguided. I follow Naomi gladly.”
“Tell me you’re not hurt,” Dean’s voice is strained when he speaks, “tell me he didn’t hurt you, sweetheart.”
mean so much to him. Jody and Donna and how hard they’ve fought to get here. Gabe, with the damaged heart he doesn’t hide but does his damnedest to protect. Meg and Zeke, with their quiet, steady relationship and quiet, steady friendship to the others of the Shopping Center. Aaron and his bookshop and his insecurities. Missouri, who says cryptic things while feeding and caring for all of them. Even Ash, with his terrible hair and good heart and wickedly sharp intellect. Castiel loves all of them so very much, and he desperately wants to do right by them.
Mr. N nods. “Dean is not a practicing Christian anymore, as you well know, but he keeps some of the lessons he was taught. He believes that to be true charity, it must be anonymous. His name is nowhere on the fundraiser, and if it weren’t for the time he has to spend organizing all this, he wouldn’t have told me, either.”
Anger makes Dean’s heart rate pick up, and he knows he’s unable to keep at least some of it from bleeding into his voice. “The sixty hours a week I’ve put in for the past five years hasn’t convinced them? What about the Sandover merger? It would have
The way Dean is smirking tells Cas that his thoughts are being broadcast on his face, so he quickly says, “There’s been no movement from the Los Altos. Charlie says she’ll let us know if there’s any change.”
to try to find him. The stories I’ve heard have documented his disdain for humans well. It would be disastrous, should he walk the earth now.
When he finally makes it to what he thinks is the right hallway, he’s thoroughly disgusted. While the lobby and the entirety of the ground floor are clean, well-lit, and as comforting as a place like this can possibly be, and presumably the floors above are the same, as soon as he reached this floor there was a distinct difference. Oh, it’s relatively clean, but nowhere near spotless - dust in the corners and cobwebs on the ceiling give testament to a lack of care. There’s a distinctly lonely, neglected feel to the place.
Colonel barks happily and bounds to Dean’s side, tail going wild. Dean grins down at him. “You wanna go with? And leave your liege lord here?”
Cas’ gaze is solemn, but not sparkling with hate or anger like Dean would have guessed. His hand moves from covering Dean’s mouth to tenderly cradling his jaw.
He has to be there for Sam, and someone’s going to take care of Bobby as he ages, and Cas. He needs Cas, and Cas needs him, and it doesn’t matter to him that Cas is a vampire because Cas is the
The realization that he doesn’t regret Cas, even if it cost him his promotion, is like a soothing balm over the raw, open sore that is his heart right now. They may have taken his job away, but he got Cas on his own. And sure, maybe he got married for them, but he fell in love with Cas all on his own, and Cas at the very least likes him a whole lot, if last night is anything to go by. That happened without the goddamn board’s approval, either. Or John’s, or Winchester Motors’.
Cas’ head is spinning with the hypocrisy and lack of accountability in that sentence, but he hardly knows how he’s standing, he definitely doesn’t have the ability to argue right now.
Claire succumbs to a third jaw-cracking yawn in fifteen minutes. Cas chuckles, a sound that sends a shiver down Dean’s spine.
- Hi. This is where I tell you that I don't actually have a problem with mental health institutions, doctors, being medicated, or anything else that Castiel seems to condemn in this story, and neither does he, really. These places and these treatments have their place - Dean's is an extreme and
Dean leers at him, and Cas’ thoughts derail neatly and with finality. “Wanna make out in the back of Baby? Maybe be even a little late to Calculus?”
Lucifer stands up. “Hell yeah! Look, whatever trouble these guys are bringing down? It’s kinda gonna fuck up this sweet deal I’ve got going on. I’m ready to help you do whatever you gotta do to get them contained.” He frowns. “Does it have to be here? Or are we going somewhere? When are we leaving?”
So, really, it’s no wonder that Dean (who does, after all, have some experience with overworking one’s self) notices and decides to do something about it.
deal. Real estate is always a good bet, and with guaranteed tenants, it’s an even better one. He comforts himself with the knowledge that it’s sound business even as he knows he’s going to sign whatever the pretty man puts in front of him.
of this moment, by Cas himself, by the languid lethargy in his bones, his muscles - his reward for good, athletic sex the night before.
He doesn’t get the chance to worry about it, though, because Claire whips around and smiles at his entrance.
“Regardless of how you feel about his lifestyle,” Castiel says dryly. “He will decide with his reactions today what our next step must be.” He picks up his suitcase and tugs at Dean’s hand. “Let’s not keep him waiting.”
“You are,” Cas says, “above all, a good man. Maybe you haven’t’ always been, but everyone has a past. My own isn’t squeaky clean, and it would be the height of hypocrisy to demand that of you, alpha.” Another stroke of work-roughened fingers. “My alpha,” he murmurs.
“Sure am, pup,” Dean says, his voice rough with the wild ride of emotions he’s been on in the last hour.
Balthazar and Gabriel are out of sight. They’re sneaking in through the back to cut off any attempt of escape or, hopefully, ambush. Castiel also would rather die than let Naomi be in the same room as Gabriel again, but that’s a thought he keeps to himself as they get to the door.
Right after he pours the coffee into the boiling water, he hears a door open behind him. He turns, intending to greet Cas and defend his motivations if need be, but his mouth dries up before he an when he lays eyes on the omega.
Blushing at being caught daydreaming about his husband while staring at said husband, Cas just says, “Yes?”
Dean has seen all of the ugliness that lives in Castiel’s mind, and he has met it every time with kindness and warmth.
“Dean’s face is real itchy, Papa,” Claire says cheerfully from where she’s leaning against his side, trusting and too-warm.
Once the shock wore off the night before, Dean felt nothing but pride for his omega. He knows damn well that even if Cas had gone to someone in town about how Michael was treating him, small towns like this one aren’t the most sympathetic to mistreated omegas. The way they react to Cas or anything to do with him, even now, is proof enough of that.
Regardless, he feels Dean’s lips against his skin. “You don’t have to say anything,” Dean murmurs. “We’ll take care of it together, okay?”
Unfamiliar fangs drop from his gums and sink into the arm held to his lips, both by his own iron grip and by Cas himself. At the same time, he feels his heartbeat shudder to a complete stop.
Bal lunges, and Castiel is almost spellbound as he watches Dean block the blow. Since before Dean became a vampire he has been in combat training with Gabriel, Balthazar, and Castiel himself. Gabriel is a subpar teacher at best, and any lessons with Castiel tend to devolve into… Other activities.
“Uriel,” Castiel says again, his voice stronger this time in his resolve and resignation. “Uriel, tell me there is no truth to you being a part of this charade.”
With supper thusly begun, they set to cleaning up their mess. Claire continues to chatter and open up, and Dean soaks in every word eagerly. He notices that she tenses up as they get closer, so he tries to keep a healthy distance between the two of them. It puts her at ease, and he’s grateful again that his history has given him such keen observation skills.
about giving you coffee,” the omega says archly. “Until then, you’ll have to content yourself with water, I’m afraid.”
He’s been grooming Dean for taking over as CEO since he was old enough to hold a wrench. Dean thinks Sam would probably be a better choice, but the kid has never wanted anything to do with the company. So Dean put on a suit, went to college, got a business degree (along with his automotive mechanic certification on the side), and started working for Winchester Motors right out of school.
But for the opportunity to see Dean, handsome and smart in a simple black tux, nothing about prom night would be worth Castiel's time.
Dean thinks fast, really just the work of a few moments. “I was on my way to visit my brother,” he explains eagerly, “he lives just off of the river. I was attacked on the way there. One of the bast- uh, sorry, one of the brigands managed to get a good shot in as I was getting away.”
There, he sees Jack sprawled across the counter, still sitting on the stool behind the register as if he was seeing to a customer. The blood trickling from his temple, framed by a rapidly darkening bruise, is vibrant, terrible proof to the contrary.
The sentiment warms him, carries him through getting out of the car and walking with Dean over to the doors of the museum. When he sees a thin, pale redhead standing just in front of the doors, he stumbles a little. Dean’s hand slipping back into his steadies and strengthens him.
John tries to contort his face into something… Well, Dean’s guessing that he’s going for “fatherly,” but he sort of just looks like he’s in some sort of mild pain.
they wouldn’t like him marrying Cas, and now he’s paying for it. The only real job he’s ever worked, the only thing he’s ever done with his life, the only thing he’s ever even
“Dean,” and now Dean knows it’s bad, “there’s no easy way to say this, son. I know that you and Castiel moved things up because of the promotion, that the wedding didn’t happen the way you wanted it, necessarily, and for that I apologize.”
“What are we doing here? What’s going on? Does this have to do with why the vet’s office called? Mr. N, I-”
Michael is deathly white, save for two high spots of color on his cheeks. Castiel leans even closer to whisper in his ear.
Dean asks Cas about Ketch as soon as he’s back home. Claire is out in the stable, babbling happily to Impala about her day while Impala munches oats and lets her ears swivel toward the girl.
“I’m telling you true, pup,” Dean says solemnly, looking into Claire’s doubtful eyes. “I’ve had bread from all around, y’know, I’ve done a lot of travelling, all up and down the country. And this?” he says, gesturing with the hunk of bread that’s accompanying his breakfast, “is the best bread I’ve ever had.”
Dean is frozen in surprise, and remains so as Cas slowly leans forward and presses an oh-so-gentle kiss on his scruffy cheek. He watches in awe as Cas flushes a bit, pink dusting his cheekbones, but meets Dean’s eyes fearlessly before he quietly gathers his supplies, bids Dean a good night, and slips out the door.
Castiel may have an iron grip on her son, but Dean is holding onto Castiel just as tightly. The control Castiel has is mutual, a bond between the two of them that is not easily understood by others, but no less powerful from lack of understanding.
Cas wraps an arm around her and takes a moment to bury his face in her hair. Dean feels distinctly like he’s intruding when Cas tenderly takes the book from Claire’s hand and flips to the first page. The alpha quickly and quietly puts the dishes away and limps back into the bedroom. Cas and Claire are already so wrapped up in the story that they don’t notice when he beats his hasty retreat.
The arm around his shoulders tightens there to bring him to a stop. Dean smiles sunnily as a streak of red hair announces Anna’s presence. She barrels up to them and grins at Dean, eyes shining.
“Yeah, let’s go back. I wanna hit that lane with all the candy houses again, scare us up some kiddos. God
But Joshua is gone, taken by cancer several years ago, and not only would he likely never be in this situation, it’s up to Cas now. He has to find a way to save the shop he loves and the friends who have placed so much faith in him.
“Someday,” Dean murmurs darkly as he kisses and nips his way down Cas’ neck, “I’m going to take my time with you.” In direct opposition to his words, he hikes Cas’ nightgown up, bunching it around Cas’ hips to reveal all of the lovely, pale skin Dean could ever possibly want. Cas gasps as he’s bared, but doesn’t so much as twitch in protest.
“you turned thirty-two this year and you’re not married. You don’t even have a long-time girlfriend.”
The omega visibly hesitates, and if Dean had ears like the wolves those religious whackos think they all came from, they would perk up with eagerness.
Cas nods earnestly and twists his head uncomfortably so he can keep his eyes on Dean. “Oh, yes. Very important.”
It ended up being quite true. With careful and shrewd planning, Henry had grown the business steadily. He’d died shortly after Sam was born, but by then, they’d been the owners of the biggest automotive repair company in the Midwest. John had already stepped in as the head of the company.
After supper that same night, Dean is sitting on the floor with Claire. She’s playing with her dolls, who are taking over a town full of “bandits and bad alphas,” and he’s sorting laundry. Three neat piles of repair, hemming, and embroidery requests are stacked in front of him. When it’s required of him, he provides voices for Claire’s game, usually for the bandits (but never, he notices, for the group of bad alphas). The sun has almost dropped completely from the sky, and while it’s still swelteringly hot, it’s also serene. It’s been a long time since Dean felt this peaceful.
He doesn’t need him. If he needs family, he’s got Cas. If he needs blood, he’ll call Sammy up and they’ll go to dinner. If he needs a parent, he’ll call his mom (and cross his fingers that she answers, but still). He doesn’t need an abusive, neglectful bastard in his life.
Claire’s sweet pup scent has evened out. It goes sweeter with relief and happiness, and she manages a watery smile.
Dean knows that Cas loves him, but Cas still thinks that emotions are a weakness. Dean doesn’t know where that mindset came from, necessarily, but he thinks her name is Naomi and he thinks she’s a bitch.
He was a stranger the first time he road through town, someone with no association to gossip about, anyway. Add to that the fact that he was galloping down the main road, cradling an injured pup, and his scent was a mess of fear and anger, no one much bothered them until they got to the doctor’s office and his nasty office omega spoke to Dean.
But Dean is still struggling to move away. “Already bad ‘nough for you,” he mutters, almost to himself. “Don’t wan’ be worse.”
It looks to Dean like the entire senior class is here. He smirks, watching from the corner as all of his rich, uptight, preppy classmates finally loosen up a little and become real people for a while.
hurt and for him to come, painting himself and his nightgown in stripes of white. Dean covers Cas’ mouth with his again just in time to catch his soft, needy cries as Dean milks his orgasm from him. It’s only a few
Castiel doesn’t say much while he helps Dean eat (he can use the spoon himself, thank you very much, but holding the bowl is a bit beyond his trembling muscles). He tells Dean they’re pretty far into the Missouri territories, at least two day’s ride from the river. He says there’s a town closer than that, just big enough to have a general store, a doctor’s office, and an inn. He talks about the weather, about farming, and about his rose garden.
started with a dumb little idea I had one night while watching TV with my husband, and now here we are. I loved this fic so much, and this series. Thank you so much, all of you, for loving it right alongside me.
Dean is growling deep in his chest as Cas starts fucking him again. His long, bowed legs come up to wrap around Cas’ waist, limiting his range of movement but allowing him deeper. He sets a brutal pace, one that would hurt Dean if he was still human. The growl in Dean’s chest changes pitch until it’s a hitched whine. Castiel feels Dean’s ass rippling around him and knows he’s close.
Cas goes back out after midday. He admonishes both Dean and Claire firmly about overworking themselves, makes them both promise to stay indoors, and finally leaves, deeply suspicious of the easy agreements he receives.
Without the gang, though, he was lost, aimless. He did some drugs, slept around, and let his life lose meaning. He was prepared to die that way without his Andrea.
Claire’s eyes are wide when lays them on her father, but she quietly scrambles out of Dean’s lap and darts out the door. As soon as she’s gone, Cas rounds on Dean.
He comes back to himself slowly, and as soon as he’s able, he pulls his fangs from Dean’s neck and gently licks at the wounds. The magic in his saliva has them healing in moments. Once he’s satisfied, he begins whispering in Dean’s ear.
He’s sure his scent is just as wild as Cas’ is before (thankfully) rationality reasserts itself. Cas is not his omega, or his to provide anything for.
John Winchester smiles his “colleague smile” and stands. Dean hates the way that remote, impersonal expression looks on his father’s face.
steady in Zeke’s hand as he speaks. “I thought we’d be together soon. Meg’s great, and I wish it wouldn’t hurt her, but I knew we were just biding our time.”
“As I have said, you are welcome to stay here, and I am happy to care for you, and you will owe me nothing but gratitude as you leave.” Castiel’s slender shoulders tighten, and his scent becomes sharper with anger and a hint of distress. “If I find out that you’re not who you say you are, however, Dean Winchester, you won’t live to meet your brother
Just as Dean is preparing to pull back, to ask what Cas wants, to maybe grind down on the lovely omega beneath him to see what noises he can draw out, there’s a knock on the bedroom door.
When he’s finished eating, Castiel brings him another cup of water and forces him to drink the whole thing. By that time, Dean is
They step out into the night. It’s quiet and cool, a blessing. A gentle wind takes the scent of dead vampires away and replaces it with the scent of grass, cars, humans, and darkness.
Sam comes in and closes the door behind him quickly. By force of habit, Dean checks Sam over for blood or injuries, but the kid looks fine, if a little shaken up.
Cas’ face does some complicated things that Dean has trouble figuring out before dropping into resignation.
“An indefinite contract for Heaven’s Light Shopping Center. No raise in rent from what you’re paying now. No change in terms. No expiration date, forbearing the dissolution of Winchester Motors.”
just never been able to see it. Lucifer, however, the First, he will lead us into the light. He will lead us into ruling over humans, as is our birthright.”
The sound has become quite commonplace over the last several weeks. After everything that went down with Nick, Dean has been especially wary of hiring someone to fill Jo’s open hours. Everyone has pitched in, Dean and Charlie and Anna. Even Sam has worked a bar shift or two over these last weeks.
“I suppose,” Naomi says dryly, “it’s too much to hope for that you have seen the error of your ways and have come to join me.”
“All right, well,” Sam says, accepting the deflection as easily as Cas suspected he would, “what should our next step be?”
Understanding finally dawns. Castiel puts his book aside and scoots down the bed until he’s sitting in front of Dean, his knees on either side of his boy’s legs. He rests his hands on Dean’s slim hips and stares up fondly at him.
He surges up and wraps his arms firmly around Dean, holding him close. Now that they’re evenly matched for strength, every time Dean lets Cas hold him means more.
Dean nods earnestly. “Yeah, totally, and I get it, I do. And I don’t wanna push you, ‘cause Missouri said that would be bad, but you’re shutting me out, and I-”
Eventually, a tug at his sleeve brings him back to the present. Dean, still torn and bleeding a bit (although this blood is much darker, he’s fed more recently), is looking at him with concern shining in his green eyes.
Cas groans and wraps a hand around the back of Dean’s neck to pull him back down. It never occurs to Dean to protest, he just moves until he’s lying on his back with Cas sprawled sleepily over him.
nice tailored suit in a deep navy blue that makes Dean glad he wears suits to work himself, because he would feel shabby in comparison. He’s well-spoken and smart, and he put together a presentation that’s easy to follow. He’s said things like “gosh” and “my word,” which are ridiculous, but which seem to fit in his lush mouth perfectly.
He thinks briefly about heading straight home, but dismisses the thought immediately after. He’s too keyed up, there’s too much adrenaline and disbelief still in his system. The day barely feels real, even now. Instead, he turns left on a whim and walks.
Cas has become, all on his own, the most important person in Dean’s life, and Cas doesn’t care about Dean’s job at all. Actually, Cas might actively dislike the job, but that’s only because he thinks they ask too much of Dean without giving him enough in return.
is his first impression of the boy he sees. Castiel would be hard-pressed to believe the boy even twenty years old. He’s very, very thin, so much that it almost overshadows the delicately lovely structure of his features. His vividly green eyes are staring at nothing on the wall across from him. He sits on the bed in the white clothes patients are given, arms wrapped around his legs and his chin propped on his skinny knees.
new people. He knows how delicate and pretty Cas’ ankles are, how Claire will fight getting her hair brushed every morning. He
Gabe sounds like he’s already recovered from encounter with the asylum. He’s always been remarkably quick to bounce back from something, which Castiel has always admired. He, himself, is more of what Gabe calls “the brooding type.” He finds himself caught in his thoughts, in his memories, far too often to be healthy.
Dean scrubs at his jaw with his hands, revelling in the smooth feeling. “Thank you, Cas. I appreciate it.”
They pulled up to a dingy building, settled in a not-so-good part of town between an all-night laundromat and a nondescript business on the other side that has no sign. A few of the windows had been busted out and boarded up, as well as the door. There was a sign over the door at one point, but the only indication of it left was a patch of lighter-colored building where it had been.
Though they had the night before and Dean knows the feelings are mutual, he’s still nervous when he leans down. That trepidation is banished immediately when Cas meets him halfway, morning breath be damned, and kisses him back.
Castiel’s breathing is still too fast when he feels warm, damp huffing against his face. The Colonel nudges his cheek, whining sofly. Castiel doesn’t hesitate to bury his fingers in the thick fur and press his face against The Colonel’s shoulder. The big dog is warm and soft and infinitely comforting.
Dean, who worries about Castiel. Who makes sure he eats and rests. Who has taught him how to have fun for the sake of fun, be it watching movies or making out in a hallway like teenagers about to be caught by their parents. Dean, who loves his brother and surrogate father fiercely, who protects the little family they’ve created staunchly and without apology. Dean, who came into Castiel’s rigid, structured world, with tears in his eyes for his mother’s doormat and a quip on his tongue for the dangerous being in his living room.
“I spoke with your… ‘Charlie,’” Anna is saying. “She helped to scramble the security footage before any human authorities were alerted. She is… Very strange.”
He tears his eyes from the omega only to have them snag on the scene behind Cas, the room he’s stepping out of. There’s a bed, but it’s small and short, even if Dean can only see the foot of it. There’s a very small chest of drawers against one wall, too. On the floor, there’s a thick pallet of blankets laid out perpendicular to the small bed.
His eighteenth birthday party is tastefully decorated, delectably catered, and well-attended by all of his mother’s peers, colleagues, and several representatives from area colleges. None of Cas’ friends have been invited, save Balthazar, who has been miserably stuck to his own rich, overbearing mother’s side.
- Hi, everyone! Sorry for the delay, holidays, you know. This is a bit short, but that's kind of how the chapter lengths fell. *shrug* I also went back and cleaned up Chapter Two, so if you're a rereader, you might notice some updates. Thanks for reading!
He has a right to his suspicion. Claire watches the window, the ghost of a devious smile on her lips, and tells Dean as soon as her father is out of sight. They leap into action. Or, as much action as a five-year-old and an injured man can possibly leap into, anyway.
Cas cries, horror gripping his heart, but Zeke doesn’t have the chance to hurt the dog before he’s been knocked onto his back. The gun flies out of his hand and skitters to a stop near the baby clothes rack. Colonel is standing on Zeke’s broad chest, snarling and baring his teeth, claws digging into the man’s shoulders. Zeke watches him with wild eyes, but the moment he tries to move, Cas whimpers, and Colonel snaps his teeth shut just a hair's breadth away from the tip of his nose. After that, Zeke stays still.
He’s wigging out - he’s gotta get out of here. “Anna, I just quit my job.” He ignores her gasp and the way her hands fly to her mouth. “Now, you can stay here if you want, but if you don’t-”
She’s knocked back into the present when Mr. N suddenly pulls Mr. W close, and it begins to feel like they’re all intruding on something intimate and precious.
real, at least to some extent. Whatever this thing is that’s taken up residence in Dean’s chest also lives in Cas now. Sure, they have things they have to talk about - their situation, how to come clean to their families, and what their longer term plans will be now that things have fundamentally changed, but they’ll be doing that
Cas lets The Colonel into the back yard, then makes a beeline for Dean. Dean doesn’t even look up from where he’s stirring the eggs, veggies, and diced ham together in a pan, he just lifts his arm so Cas can slip under it, snuffling sweetly into Dean’s neck and plastering himself to Dean’s side. Dean holds him close, pressing a hard kiss to his forehead.
It’s not all pain, it rarely is once you start to get to the heart of a place. There’s the soft crackle that accompanies healing, the jarring jolt of realizations and revelations, the abrupt
“She is, however, extremely persuasive. They will believe her wholeheartedly because she has gotten them to love her, to trust her. That’s why they’re so dangerous, they’re entirely committed to this cause. They will stop at nothing to see Naomi’s vision through.”
The trench coat he’s wearing, although necessary for the wide sleeve capable of hiding his own weapon, makes him feel a bit silly next to Dean.
Gabe was a lawyer in the not so distant past, and it’s kind of him to reassure Cas like this. He also knows Cas better than anyone else on Earth, so he probably knows how dreadfully
The ghost of a smile touches his lips, and Castiel feels marginally better. “Together, then, dearheart.”
He only gets to pretend he’s not watching his boyfriend from the corner of his eye before Dean speaks.
beneath Dean. Where Dean has thick, hard-packed muscle, Cas has some give. Not a lot, he has some lean muscle of his own, but there’s enough softness to highlight their differences and it drives Dean wild. Where Dean’s scent is heavy and thick with arousal, Cas’ is airy and sweet with the same, though no less heady.
A piece of greyscale abstract art that Dean has always felt gave off a desperate, predatory air hangs on one wall. Otherwise, the room is bare of personality. There’s no family pictures on
He thinks about Cas, about what Dean assumes he’s been through. About the kind of person someone would have to become to make it, to be able to raise a daughter and keep a roof over their heads.
Dean nods down at Cas’ swollen cock, looking painfully hard and wet at the head. “Go on then, sweetheart. You wanted it so bad, you make yourself come for me.”
With Cas’ timid acceptance of his plea to stay, Dean starts to oh so slowly court his pretty, standoffish omega.
“Well, Dean, I’m the sheriff ‘round here, my name’s Arthur Ketch. I’ve been hearing that you’ve been spending some time out at the Novak farm, is that right?”
Castiel doesn’t talk about them, though. Dean doesn’t know if the omega knows that they’re visible, but Dean also gets the feeling that not much gets by Cas. He doesn’t
out of the ordinary,” Dean grits out, his amusement fading fast. Rumors and gossip are one thing, a nasty, unnecessary thing, but people are people. Accusing Cas of murder directly to Dean’s face, however, is something else entirely, and Dean finds himself almost unable and entirely unwilling to hold back his aggression any longer.
Also heavy in the air is the peaceful, clouded-over feeling of being medically sedated. After careful consideration, he discards that, too. While it’s certainly possible to feel pain under sedation, nothing has softened the blow of the pain he so clearly heard last night. No sedatives for this person.
Dean can feel his orgasm building at the base of his spine and his knot starting to grow. He won’t knot Cas, not like this, not for their first time. He desperately wants Cas to come first, however, wants to feel him rippling around his cock.
Castiel approaches Dean slowly, cautiously. He kneels on the floor at his feet without touching him. The only sign that Dean knows he’s there is the way his green eyes squeeze shut as if in denial.
- Don't worry, the cover art is only going to be on this first chapter. I'm way too lazy to do all of that hyperlink bullshit for more than one chapter.
He blinks. Pups have a keen sense of smell just as adults do, but they rarely know what they’re smelling. Not until they’re much older than Claire. Not unless they have a damn good reason.
Dean forces himself to focus on Cas again. He reaches up to cup Cas’ face. “Hey, I know. I don’t want you to hurt yourself is all, baby.”
Zeke is warming up to his subject even more, if that’s possible. “And then, just a couple of weeks later, I thought I’d catch the two of you leaving whatever little get-together he took you to. I thought if all three of us were together, alone, you’d see who you really loved, and who really loved
“What if,” Dean says, holding his hands up in surrender when Cas scowls, “I take the bed until my leg is healed? I’ll move out to the living room and you can have your bedroom back. I’ll not be a guest then, will I? Once I’m helping out more? Around the farm?” He asks quickly when Cas opens his mouth to argue.
So, no, he doesn’t know everything, he reflects as their valedictorian climbs the stage and takes her place at the podium. But he knows a few things.
Strangely enough, it’s this thought that allows Castiel to move forward. With each moment, each step that brings him closer to Naomi, a feeling grows in his chest. His back straightens, his shoulders tilt back in defiance, and his chin comes up.
“No, the only other thing is the fields on the other side of the house. You’re in no shape to do farmwork, though, and I daresay you’ve never done any such thing a day in your life, anyway.
As they come down, Dean lifts his head enough to whisper in Cas’ ear, his voice rough with emotion and orgasm and sleepiness
in those minutes, the way he looks and feels and smells. His orgasm washes over him gently, an inexorable wave that has him clenching as Cas pulls off just in time and finishes Dean with his hands, stroking until Dean is gasping with overstimulation.
Dean has become entirely still, in the unnatural way of vampires, but Castiel has almost forgotten him in the rush of memories that wash over him.
The bosses seem to realize that they have an audience at the same time. They don’t pull away from one another, but they straighten, and Mr. W glares out at all of them playfully.
Dean’s breath hitches, but Castiel’s eyes fell closed some time ago, and he can’t open them now. He has to get the rest of this out of him, express the rest of this poison from himself, and he cannot face Dean while he does so.
“Well, a wife has a way of… Setting a man down, smoothing over his rough edges. You’ve put the time in at the job, everyone knows that, but how are you really
Apparently, the world of Novak, being a Well-Rounded Adult means that you must have an artistic pursuit as well as academic. Which is weird to Dean, since in the world of Winchester, you just have to know how to hustle pool and look dumber than you are, but to each their own.
For the most part, Dean has always liked cities. As far as his job went, cities typically meant more marks, more work, and more opportunities for money. Personally, too, he’s never minded being in a crowd. He’s a big man, a handsome one, too. His scent is that of a strong, fertile alpha. He’s never had a problem in crowds or cities.
“I know where Naomi will be,” Cas says grimly. He looks over at Dean, who gives him a supportive nod and squeezes his thigh gently.
Normally, Charlie’s habit of texting like lightning is quite irritating, but Castiel is barely paying attention through the red haze of rage he’s drowning in,
Cas smiles again and it comes easier this time. He finishes helping her tidy up, then makes his goodbyes. As he starts his car to drive home, he prays to the universe that this Dean Winchester he’s supposed to meet with is as kind as his mother was.
If he could see Dean’s eyes from this angle, Castiel knows that his pupils would be blown wide with lust for blood, and for Cas. Because of his age, once they get to this point, Dean is almost animalistic, mindless in his want. He’s not self-conscious or hesitant in the least. If Cas pulls out, he’s quite sure Dean would go as far as causing physical harm until he got what he wanted. It’s one of the reasons newly turned vampires can be so dangerous.
Though John is a wizard under the hood, he’s never been as comfortable sitting behind a desk. He’s done a passable job of it, along with the board, and their rate of growth has remained steady and sustainable, if not remarkable.
The next few days go by almost peacefully. The farm really is a lovely, quiet place. It’s secluded, so there’s no noise from the main roads, if there even are any. The weather is hot, no doubt, but with the windows open and the door to the bedroom propped open, there’s usually a jaunty little breeze coming through. Cas has fitted the windows with cheesecloth stretched tight over a simple wooden frame to keep buts and critters out, and coupled with the pretty lace curtains, it makes a rather lovely image.
Dean thinks mournfully when he finally returns to the farm. Night has fallen completely, and the only sign that anyone is awake is a lantern burning in the kitchen window.
When Dean let him know that he’d have to go into town to mail Sam’s letter, Cas told him that he would hear gossip and rumors. He told him that, especially since Michael disappeared, no one in town has been overly concerned with whether or not Cas can hear them when they talk about him.
“I was asking what you want to do for lunch? We didn’t pack anything,” Dean says, still smiling. “I’ll go get whatever it is you two want, I just gotta know what that is.”
In the center of that room stands Balthazar. He’s wearing all black (which Castiel feels is overkill), and he’s glaring at the man tied to a chair just a few feet off center.
Claire stills, then nods slowly. Cas tugs her way from Dean, just far enough that she’s looking up at him.
As much as he wants to be too close to Castiel, Dean forces himself to take a step back. He disguises it as moving away to get his own coffee, but he knows that it’s also a bid to remove himself from all of that pale, sleep-warm flesh that tempts him so sorely.
There’s no need to get into a verbal bitch fight with Cas’ mom, though, no matter how much Dean wants to. First of all, Cas would disapprove. Mostly, though, engaging Naomi right now would send the wrong message.
After they arrange to meet the next day with their lawyers, exchange phone numbers, and share an awkward, stilted farewell, Castiel parts ways with Dean Winchester.
Crain Veterinary Clinic won’t tell her anything, some hogwash about proprietary information and HIPAA laws.
She just stares at him, and before either of them can say another word, the door crashes open to omit Castiel. The air floods with omega anger, agitation, and fear. Castiel rushes into the room to pull the pup up into his arms. She goes quietly, and Dean notices that Castiel takes care not to hurt her in any way even as he handles her abruptly.
The lights, the crowds, the buzzing, electric energy about the place. Castiel has put forth an incredible amount of effort to put away his own sin, to force himself to be better, to make better choices. For someone like him to be in a place that so openly and brazenly accepts sin seems… Blasphemous, almost.
Castiel does not jerk awake this time. He awakens all at once, but he remains perfectly still save for opening his eyes.
Dean, enthralled with the act of feeding and being fed from, has stopped moving. That’s all right, though, because it means Cas can roll them over until Dean is on his back. He’s careful to keep Dean’s legs from twisting awkwardly and to make sure neither set of fangs is dislodged.
Claire doesn’t call him “alpha,” she calls him by his name. She’s never shied away from acknowledging his designation, whether she understands the full implications of it or not, but she doesn’t address him as such. It’s such a… Well, it’s such a
That’s quite true. If Dean wants Adam to stay, Cas will warmly welcome him. If Dean wants Adam out, though, Cas will send him on his way (with a hat, some cash, and a hot meal). It’s not as though Castiel has any contact at all with any of his own family, he would be throwing stones from a glass house, should he choose to throw them.
She’s never met the boy, no, but she recognizes the ruthlessness, the calculating intelligence in his eyes. Hell, she sees it in her own eyes in the mirror every morning.
The room blurs around him with the speed he uses to attack Uriel. His prey is already tied down, hardly even a challenge, but it matters little. The beast inside Castiel’s chest, the one he keeps on such a tight, short leash, is roaring for vengeance, for blood. It does not matter that Uriel is at a disadvantage, because Castiel would kill him anyway.
Mick is… Fine. There’s nothing offensive about the young man, at least from what Dean can see here. He carries himself like an alpha, but he defers to Cas and is respectful as they speak. He’s a hair shorter than Cas, but broad with muscle where Cas is slender, lithe. His clothes are quality, neat, and Dean despises him.
Charlie rolls her eyes. She appreciates the thought, she really does, but it’s not because she doesn’t trust Mr. N.
It occurs to Dean that the omega staring at him warily from across the little bedroom is more courageous than he’s ever been in his life.
He guides the tip of his cock to press against Cas’ hole, but doesn’t go any further. He pulls away just enough to look Cas in the eye.
the room with alpha pheromones, with want, desire, and heat as he growls at the feelings swirling in his chest. Cas whimpers quite fetchingly and moves his hips in a way that Dean frankly thinks should be quite illegal, grinding himself against Dean. His scent, too, is thick with arousal and want. Dean wants to eat him alive.
Dean is standing in the kitchen, just out of sight of the crowd. Jo’s a master bartender (not as good as he himself is, in his oh-so-humble opinion), and her hands blur as she pours and mixes. Balthazar is giving him the stink-eye for taking up space, but it's a nightly ritual that lacks any real fire.
It only takes a few thrusts before Cas is coming with a wail. Dean watches, rapt and adoring, his own orgasm almost secondary to the way Cas’ chest and belly become flush with pleasure.
There is such raw, honest pain in Dean’s voice, such profound confusion and doubt, that Castiel finds himself speaking without his express consent.
“You’re not going anywhere, Dean Winchester,” Cas says firmly. “You’re not going anywhere, or leaving coin behind for us, or explaining
“After that, the traps must be checked and reset, then anything that’s been caught must be skinned and prepared. Then there’s the midday meal, and I have to check on Claire’s reading. As long as that goes smoothly, there’s embroidery, alterations, and darning to be done.” At Dean’s inquiring look, Cas goes on. “The young man from down the road who sells my rose oils in town, his name is Mick, he also picks up sewing work for me and takes the completed work back. I’m quite adept with a needle, if I do say so myself, and that and the roses give us enough to buy wax and oils for the lanterns, and new fabric for clothes and shoes.” Castiel smiles a bit, looking out the bedroom window fondly. “The cow, the chickens, and the traps keep food in our bellies, too, but it all keeps us quite busy.”
Dean’s eyebrows go up in surprise. Sam usually tries to ignore the family business like he thinks if he doesn’t acknowledge it, it doesn’t exist. Dean’s always thought it was kind of a naive strategy, but he respects Sam’s wishes.
Dean stands next to him, tall and proud, and doesn’t look queasy at all. He’s relaxed as they observe the deceptively plain building in front of them. His leather jacket looks good on his broad frame, and it’s almost impossible to tell that he’s hiding a blade in each of his sleeves. If they weren’t in such a dire situation, Cas would find it unbearably attractive.
“Be that as it may,” Castiel says dryly, “Dean has things to attend to, as do you, pup. The eggs haven’t been gathered yet and the hens need feeding. Go on, now.”
Beneath the snarky armor, there’s relief in Cas’ eyes. Cas trusts Dean, somehow, to make him feel better, to make him relax and enjoy himself. Damn if it doesn’t go straight to Dean’s head and make him feel ten feet tall.
“Cas,” Dean whispers, “are you certain?” He would have to go dunk himself in a cold river to do it, but if Cas told him to stop, he’d find the strength to do so.
Dean’s lovely green eyes shine with emotion for just a beat before he gives Cas that cocky grin that he hates/loves/craves.
Dean snorts, but Castiel is too busy staring at Joshua’s blood on the walls. He slowly follows the trail until he sees the heap of a body on the ground in the corner.
“Dean puts on a fundraiser for the local animal shelter every year,” Mr. N says with a soft, adoring smile on his face. “This year, we did a dog show, and our regular vet clinic graciously agreed to host it, since we spend so much time there.”
It’s common knowledge/not knowledge that the Winchesters are high-ranking members of the local organized crime enterprise. Castiel has heard that John and Mary have their hands in any number of shady dealings. He knows for a fact that they frequently socialize with the Crowleys, who are definitely less than savory.
“What about now?” he snarls in Dean’s ear. He doesn’t give him a chance to answer before he pulls his fingers out and savagely thrusts them back in. He angles them so he’s brushing against Dean’s prostate.
done farmwork, but he can hardly tell Cas that he was playing at being a farmboy for several weeks to rip off a rich plantation owner (and, with wicked delight, take the man’s omega son’s virginity). Instead, he latches onto the rest of what Cas said.
All of Dean’s anger drains out of him in an instant in the face of the wave of disbelief that washes over him.
He does some damage to the garden, but it’s unavoidable. The garden is big enough that the hit it takes won’t be too noticeable, anyway, and Dean will do his best to make it up to Cas.
Before Dean can respond, Cas is sinking down on his cock, making his vision blur as he’s suddenly sheathed in white-hot tightness.
Dean’s eyes are somehow hard and understanding at the same time. He nods once, sharply, and Castiel continues.
Castiel realizes that he’s grinning fiercely. “Charlie, you are truly remarkable. Indescribable. A miracle.”
of lying, she suspects that his poker face is out of this world. How is she supposed to trust anything he says?
He knocks on the door and waits for his father’s invitation before coming in. Benny takes up position outside and gently pulls the door close behind Dean. He wonders if it’s kosher to suggest a raise for the man.
If he had his way, Dean would go home. Dean would be a hundred miles away from here, maybe visiting Bobby in South Dakota or Charlie in Kansas. He would be nowhere near this wretched place, this place where Castiel’s past has finally caught up enough to poison his present, his future.
Just like every other high school, however, it runs on cliques and factions among the teenagers teeming in its halls. They’re not so obvious to
Dean stares at the closed door for a while, puzzling it out. He’s been a conman long enough that he knows his story and his scent didn’t give him away. There’s no good reason for Castiel to think Dean is anything other than a trader who’s meeting his brother at the river.
Dean stormed out when Castiel wasn’t able to bring himself to answer his question right away. Balthazar, in a rare show of restraint and diplomacy, stayed silent while they disposed of Uriel’s body, and continued to stay silent on the drive back home. There are no words to describe how grateful Castiel is for his old friend.
Lucifer shrugs. “I mean, yeah, I’m the First, but it’s not like it comes with a lot of perks. And I don’t really hang out with vampires anymore, so I guess it doesn’t really come up all that often?”
That evening, after an afternoon of Dean following him around meekly and looking lost and confused, Cas sends Benny and Jack on their way, takes him home, and makes a simple dinner of grilled cheese and tomato soup. Dean’s still subdued after he changes out of his suit and meets Cas in the living room.
Cas’ eyes are also wide, his scent flat with surprise, but his voice is steady. “You’ll have to ask him, little one.”
me that? Why all this secrecy! And, hey! I could have helped! The whole crew would have helped, you know that.” They’re a family, dammit!
The thought gives Dean the courage he needs to meet John’s bewildered, angry gaze. “You heard me, sir,” he says softly, no need to be loud. “I’m quitting.”
Finally, on a Thursday night when it’s going to be pretty slow and Mr. W isn’t around, Mr. N appears at her side.
A few days later, they’re sitting in Dean’s bedroom on his bed, studying for a physics test coming up later in the week. Dean likes this, he likes the way Cas’ pressed, snazzy slacks look alongside his own worn, torn up jeans.
He wears that stupid jacket, and his jeans always have holes in them. He smokes and drinks and is everything that Castiel has ever turned his nose up at in a romantic partner.
He shakes away his fast, anxiety-ridden thoughts and sits down across from John. “Sir, you wanted to see me?”
As soon as Dean sits down, Cas plops himself right onto his husband’s lap, with his own legs stretched across Dean’s. He wraps the two of them in a blanket and nuzzles close, pointedly ignoring Dean’s bemused look.
- I'm not in love with this chapter. It is 100% an info dump, and I apologize profusely for it. That's one of the reasons it took me so long to get it up, because I fought with it for so long. But I finally decided it's not going to get better, so here it is. Sorry again. Love y'all.
Cas smiles, sweet and soft. “I am not without my faults, Dean, but if you still want to be here, still want
Cas smiles. It feels wan, but it’s genuine all the same. “Yes, of course. Just… Thinking about tomorrow. Woolgathering about it, I suppose.”
Cas shakes his head, trembling from head to toe as he’s assaulted by pleasure. His limbs tingle and he tightens his fingers in Dean’s hair again.
Finally, he reaches the last door on the left. There’s so much to sift through here - pain, confusion, loneliness, dark humor, terror, and a terrible sadness - but it’s all undeniably the same flavor, the same note that so affected him last night. He hesitates for only a moment before looking through the small window into the room.
As he starts to sort through the books that have been donated in the last few weeks, putting the appropriate color sticker on the spine so he can shelve them according to genre, he lets his mind wander again to his husband and the way their life has been lately.
“No, no,” Adam says, surprising Dean. “It’s okay, it’ll help. I want to just jump right in, right? I need to know everybody.”
of them have some sort of story, but he hasn’t shared it yet, and Anna doesn’t ask. Jo looks and acts like she’s tough as nails, but she’s really a marshmallow on the inside. Benny is... Well, Benny is
Instead, Castiel dragged Dean off that horse, cleaned him up, treated his wounds, fed him, and sheltered him. He took care of Impala and let Dean rest. All while not knowing if Dean would be dangerous or not, and not expecting anything in return.
“But Papa is caring for you,” she says with a little frown of concentration. She speaks formally, just like Castiel, and Dean finds himself inexplicably charmed by it.
Instead, he’s sitting next to Dean, who’s hunched over his cup of coffee like it holds the secrets to the universe. It was a late night last night, with their long conversation and the trip back from the interrogation, so they didn’t end up getting much sleep. Castiel himself is quite refreshed, but Dean requires more rest than he does. They didn’t even get dressed more than throwing on old t-shirts and pajama pants again before coming downstairs.
This is a risk. Dean has been laidback about Cas being controlling, but there’s a chance this may be too much. Cas can’t stand by idly, however, and watch Dean throw away his chance to graduate, to further his education.
The Colonel greets him with a tail wag when he gets there. Castiel gives him a brief scritch behind the ears, then sits in his desk chair to think.
“Yes, I do,” Cas snarls. Dean flinches back, but that is no less than Castiel deserves, so he doesn’t let it stop him.
She’d texted him to thank him, and there began a wonderful friendship she wouldn’t give up for anything. When he’d text her, years later, about needing a server at a bar where he’d make certain she was protected, Anna already would have done almost anything for Castiel.
“Okay,” Cas says, forcefully pulling his head out of the clouds. “I’m meeting with Winchester Motors tomorrow. We’ve put together a proposal for a modest increase in rent, uncontested, for another twenty-five year, minimum contact contract. We will continue to provide our own maintenance and repairs, pay our own utilities, and uphold our own code of conduct. In return, they’ll keep up on any property taxes and receive the increased rental rate.” He looks up from his notes. “Am I missing anything?”
As such, he manages to not fall completely off of the king-size bed they share when Dean bucks him off, but it’s a near thing. Instead, he rolls to his back and watches hungrily as Dean turns and knee-walks over until he’s straddling Cas’ hips.
Cas hums as he marks something down on his list. “That makes sense, if you think about it. There’s something soothing about the endlessness of retail, about knowing that you’re probably going to be doing something close to identical as you did the day before.” He looks up and smiles at Dean. “You can work for me forever, you know.”
Because even after all this time, the sharp fear of rejection can still make him break out into a cold sweat.
He waits until it’s late enough that he knows for sure that Claire will be dead asleep. It really wouldn’t do for him to be interrupted now. He might lose his nerve.
He frowns, though, when Cas shuffles forward and pulls his hand free after just a few moments. “Cas?”
Castiel misses the rush of warm blood to Dean’s cheeks being his own, but the knowledge that the blood that makes him blush is from a donor doesn’t lessen the impact overmuch. “Stop, Cas,” Dean murmurs. “Gonna make me all stuttery for when we meet with the enemy.”
He’s maneuvered until he’s flat on his back, but he ignores the hands that guide him to a comfortable position and focuses on drinking deep. The warm liquid is burning him up and he can feel his insides shifting and flexing in a way he’s not familiar with. It scares him a little, but death scares him more, so he finds himself reaching up to clasp whatever it is
“I will hear no more of it,” Cas cuts him off briskly. “You’ll continue to sleep in the bed and that’s that.”
Dean groans and lets his head thump down on his desk. He ignores Jo’s consoling hand patting him on the shoulder.
(Not Cas, never Cas. It still overwhelms him, the demands of working behind the bar, and his hands often tremble too much to reliably navigate all of that glassware.)
Now Cas turns to look at Dean, tilting his head a bit in confusion. Dean looks as lost as he feels, standing next to the bed, hands lying limp; at his sides.
Joshua is even more lifeless than he was before the sort of afterlife vampires live in. His skin, so dark in life, is strangely pale and waxy in the moonlight. He’s wearing work jeans and a dark shirt with a vest over it, the same clothes he’s been wearing for centuries. His heavy boots have dried mud on them, as do his hands.
Once Dean graduated with his own degree, he sat Sam down and told him the truth about vampires, werewolves, and the supernatural. He laid everything out for the boy, whose eyes got wider and wider the longer Dean talked. Once Dean finished, Sam sat in silence for a few moments before the yelling began. As far as Dean has come with his therapy (Cas thanks whatever deities are listening for Dr. Moseley every day), he still doesn’t do well with loud confrontation. He got right back into Sam’s face, matching Sam shout for shout. They ignored Cas’ attempts to calm them down until Sam stormed out of the room, intent on finding Bobby and “getting someone who’s not
“Hey, Cas?” Dean murmurs, soft enough that it doesn’t disturb the cloud of contentment Cas is floating in.
After supper, a simple but rather delicious and filling rabbit stew that was also loaded with vegetables and spices, Castiel insists on changing Dean’s bandages. Dean tries to protest on the grounds of propriety, but at Cas’ dry, “And who, exactly, do you think bandaged the wound the first time?” Dean’s arguments die on his tongue.
It’s a problem for a different day, however. For now, Cas cups Dean’s cheek in his hand and runs a tender thumb beneath his eye.
“It won’t… It doesn’t make it any better, but we never took from anyone who couldn’t spare it. If we could manage it, we rarely took from anyone who would even notice. But I know that doesn’t help, I just… Want you to know that I was
- I forgot to tag for mpreg/implied mpreg, friends, and I am truly sorry for that. There will be no explicit mpreg in the fic, but it's 100% implied and discussed. Again, my apologies.
When he looks back at Cas, there are high spots of color on his cheeks. He pulls the door shut behind him and murmurs a soft, “Good morning, Dean.”
“I’m sorry,” he says softly, doing his best to look honest and trustworthy. “I’m not trying to harm you or your pup, Castiel, nor am I keen on burdening you any more than I already have.”
Cas is stiff and formal, especially if you don’t know him as she does. His impeccable manners hide a sweet, kind soul that Anna adores, even if he has a few of his own demons, too. He says his people skills were too rusty before he and Dean were together, that he had too hard a time connecting to people, so he just never put forth the effort.
Balthazar, brooding on Gabe’s other side and dressed in very stereotypical all black with his trademark deep v-neck shirt, apparently has no such qualms. “You’re a very difficult being to be seen with often,” he says to Gabriel.
He keeps his own face impassive, though he can’t control the anger in his scent. Not at her, never at a pup, but at whoever made little Claire, with her cute braids and neat dress, know how to scent an alpha so young.
Dean’s attempts to move stop and he looks up at Cas, almost childlike in his honesty. “Cas,” he says slowly, frankly, “I’m no good for you. You’re… Better’n me, anyway. Shh, though, ‘cause you’ll notice’n you’ll leave me.” Tears swim in Dean’s eyes, and Castiel’s heart breaks neatly in two. “Can’t let you go, Cas.”
Claire darts over to where Dean was just folding the dish towel again to put it away. She throws her little arms around his legs, her splint bumping him just this side of painfully, and stares up at him imploringly.
Apparently, and without his own permission, Cas began to have hope at some point, because his disappointment feels like a lead ball being dropped into his belly. “Of course, I’m so sorry, Dean.”
he knows, but it must have been a while for Cas, and even so, he’s enjoying watching his omega squirm on his fingers
Charlie is setting up her drawer for opening when the phone rings. She answers without looking at the caller ID.
Cas is resplendent in a black robe with pewter accents down the front. It makes his eyes glow in an unearthly way. Dean knows it's just stupid polyester over what Cas was wearing earlier, anyway, but it gets him hot under the collar.
I came to you after hours, so we could finally talk to each other and be together, but you weren’t here. I got so
“But they’ve heard of you,” Castiel says. “They think you’re the First, and they want you to lead this new world.”
Naomi raises one beautiful, sculpted brow. “I’ve heard some… Disturbing rumors about you and the eldest Winchester boy.”
He gets to Anna’s desk and stops. She looks up with a fading smile on her face. Her fingers are poised over the keyboard. Dean notices that her nails are painted a royal blue. He likes it.
Sam picks up the mug and waves it in the air in silent agreement even as he looks back down and gets sucked into studying once again. Dean rolls his eyes and makes a face, but takes the cup and goes into the kitchen proper to pour coffee for both Sam and himself. While he doesn’t need it, and the caffeine doesn’t affect him nearly as much, Dean still clings to the routines he had when he was human. Cas doesn’t mind.
She sniffs haughtily. “Damn right. But don’t thank me yet. I mean, if the entire group of lunatics you’re chasing can’t find him, I don’t know what makes you think we’ll be able to do it.”
Cas laughs softly, a truly lovely sound that has Dean whipping up to look at him instead. Humor softens the lines of Cas’ face quite prettily, and his blue eyes are shining.
Without warning, Dean pushes him back onto the bed and crawls up to straddle him, grinning down at Castiel.
Dean’s eyes are wide as he looks around, head swivelling as if on some sort of hinge. Though he hates it here, it reminds Castiel with a pang that he hasn’t had an opportunity yet to take Dean travelling with them. He promises himself that, once they’ve handled this Lightbringers nonsense, he and Dean will take the Impala and start driving, and they won’t stop until they’ve seen the entirety of this country and a couple more, to boot.
“I,” Dean says, putting as much swagger into his voice as possible, “am right where I wanna be, sweetheart.”
And then Cas discovered the fault lines in the landscape of Dean’s own heart and mind. The self-doubt and loathing he carries with him in everything. The almost paralytic need to take care of Sammy, which has led to more than one bad decision on his part. His strained (to put it politely) relationship with his own shitdick, abusive father. Not to mention the mother who couldn’t settle in one place long enough to have a forwarding address, much less take care of two sons. The anger in him, the fighting he used to do almost every night.
It’s not until years later that he learns that, as clearly as Dean’s pain called out to him, Dean heard his oath just as clearly.
alpha,” Cas growls back impatiently. Hearing that gravelly voice get even deeper, soaked in desire, sends a shudder up Dean’s spine, and he’s suddenly helpless to do anything but obey.
With The Colonel behind him and Dean curled around his front, Castiel falls asleep again easily. This time, there are no dreams.
Cas, too, seems to relax a fraction. His gaze softens and his scent is still cautious, but it has at least lost the sharp tinge of fear.
The omega nods, but Dean can’t be sure if his story is holding. Before he can try to lay it on a little thicker, the omega is speaking.
If it wasn’t so sad, it would be fascinating to watch Cas’ features close off. His back stiffens and his scent flattens into guardedness, wariness.
“It wasn’t the first time Naomi laid a hand on me in violence, but it was by far the most severe. I kept her off of Anna until she wasn’t angry anymore, but the cost was dear. I believe she came close to killing me that night.” He reaches up to touch a faint scar on his chest almost without thinking about it.
Dean also discovered the kind of shit Cas’ family put him through. He discovered the crippling anxiety Cas sometimes struggled with, and the bright, vivid fear of abandonment. He learned that the reason Cas doesn’t talk about his parents is that Cas doesn’t talk
Sam, wonderfully intuitive at the worst of times and cuttingly intelligent at the best, asks, quite innocently, “Cas, how do you know all of this?”
John announced his intention to prepare for retirement almost six months ago. He’d named Dean as his most likely successor, but it was still less than certain. The board would have to vote him on, though Dean was reasonably confident that they would.
“Ca, if you don’t want to do this, or if you’re uncomfortable with it, we can find someone else to-” A loud, rumbling snarl. “...
She looks, of course, the same. Her hair is shorter, stylish, which he should have expected. She had grey woven through her dark tresses when she took him from the orphanage, and they’re as striking as ever. Her strong features and ice blue eyes, far colder than his own have ever been, are almost enough to send him back into the past, into his dark memories.
Donna Hanscum-Mills beams at Gabe from where she sits on her wife’s other side. “Aw, you like it, or you wouldn’t be here.”
There’s a simple set of drawers in one corner, as well as a neat little vanity and mirror. No decoration adorns the walls, but Dean can see a handwoven rug on the floor from where he’s lying. He wonders if any personal touches were taken out of the room before a strange, injured, unconscious man came in.
They’re in Mr. N’s tan pimpmobile when they pull up to a short, squat building that’s got a full parking lot. There are signs hanging on the door, but they’re too far away to read them.
He wakes when he feels Cas straddle him. It’s still very dark outside and he’s still on his back where he flopped down when he came to bed, so not much time could have gone by. His mind is still foggy and slow-moving, so while he knows he’s hard, there is no urgency to his arousal.
Dean’s eyes widen in horror. “Oh, my God, I didn’t even ask if you’re interested in men. Listen, you can-”
it would be to bed Cas. Though the chances of Cas catching pregnant outside of a heat cycle are slim to none, there’s still a chance. Dean doesn’t plan to stay, but like hell would he abandon a pup. Even if there
Cas’ head tilts back, needlessly defiant and clearly a bit embarrassed, himself. “I could help you shave, if you like. I don’t have a hand mirror, but I have a razor, and I could help you shave.”
Dean has taken over the majority of the cooking, delving into cookbooks from Needs Must and recipes he can find online to try to make something new every night. Cas fusses and insists it’s unnecessary, but Dean ignores him and continues to shamelessly feed his husband. Cas’ praise is music to his ears almost every night.
Unfortunately for Gabriel’s flair for the dramatic, everyone who lives there is far too used to his antics. Dean doesn’t bat an eye as he returns from the kitchen with two steaming mugs of coffee, placing one in front of Sam. Sam doesn’t even look up from his work, just wraps his hands around the mug and grunts his thanks. Balthazar is still making faces at Sam.
He takes it out to the woods behind the farm. He walks for a long time, until the sun’s position in the sky is much changed, before he feels comfortable stopping. It would be a
No vampires are burned by the sunlight or affected by garlic or crucifixes. He would agree with the idea that these ideas were fabricated by humans to give them a sense of safety, but quite frankly, so very few vampires prey on humans at all that it makes no sense that they would
It's utterly terrifying, and her heart is frozen in fear for the first half of their dinner with the Novak boy.
Cas thinks as he slowly, so slowly, puts his hands up in the air around his head and turns to face the intruder.
There’s a lot there that could be considered assumption, but Cas knows as well as Dean they were always going to end up back on Pontiac. He can’t leave Anna and Hannah here to rot under Naomi’s rule, any more than Dean can leave his parents and their slipping hold on their criminal empire behind.
He gestures to his leg, stuck out at an awkward angle to relieve pressure on his wound. “Well, I’ll need help helping your papa, won’t I?”
Still, it takes him a beat or two to screw up the courage to look up at Donna and force his voice to sound casual when he says, “I quit my job up at WM yesterday.”
Dean stares down at this little girl who is so much older than she should be. He shoves away the knot of vile emotions that ties itself into his chest when he thinks about Mick mating Cas and focuses on Claire.
Castiel can feel Dean still staring at him, eyes boring holes in the side of his face, but he resolutely keeps his gaze on Sam until Dean sighs a little and looks away, too.
A frown that probably shouldn’t be as endearing as it is creases Cas’ brow, but he sits up next to Dean, both of them leaning against the headboard. Dean tries not to let the sight of Cas’ bare chest and the way the sheets pool around his waist distract him.
Cas is sitting on his bed, propped up against the headboard, reading in the low light of the lamp beside his bed. He looks up when the door opens and gives Dean a small, tired smile. Dean’s heart thumps hard against his ribcage in response.
indicative of a very kind soul. Cas can only hope that some of that kindness remains in the company.
With that thought, the sudden awareness of who he is, what's he becoming, and where he is comes flooding back to him.
Especially when he sees an opening and takes it, slicing deep enough and fast enough into her leg that he can feel the tendons snapping beneath his blade. Naomi goes down on one knee and her blade rests in her hand as she pants, staring up at him with crazed eyes.
Castiel has tried to be patient. He is aware that self-esteem problems should be handled gently, with kid gloves. He knows that only patience, love, and time will make Dean see himself as Cas sees him, as smart and loyal and irritatingly wonderful.
They need to talk for about four more hours before he’s going to feel okay about this, about what he’s done to Cas and if he’s manipulating him, but
Cas blinks, frowning. It’s the most emotion he’s shown in the last few minutes, which has Dean sweating bullets.
With one last look at Dean Winchester and a silent promise that he’s going to raise the boy out of this perdition, Castiel follows her.
He says that, but Dean thinks he sees the hint of a rosy tint high on Cas’ cheekbones when the omega turns in the doorway to leave.
“It looks much better than it did when you first got here,” Castiel says as he gently but thoroughly cleans the wound again. He’s wiping away bits of salve that have dried, revealing a relatively simple wound that nonetheless is still bleeding sluggishly. The omega looks satisfied. “Blood instead of pus is quite the improvement.”
Dean’s eyes are dark with sympathy, his mouth turned down into a frown. He reaches across the seat and takes Cas’ hand, twining their fingers together and gripping hard. “I’m sorry, Cas,” he murmurs.
“Fine. Cas said you took a semester off. You’re gonna tend bar part-time, you’ll stay with us, and we’ll figure out school when the time comes. Got that?”
- In case you were wondering, Lucifer and Balthazar totally run away together to track down the last of the Lightbringers and end them. Gabriel and Kali end up together, and when Balthazar doesn't want to settle down and Lucifer doesn't want to leave Balthazar, Luci gifts Gabriel with
Cas’s mile is tiny, mostly in his eyes, but it bowls Dean over. “Oh, I don’t know,” he says airily. “Not all alphas smell all that bad.”
So Dean reaches across the table and taps the top of Cas’ notebook until Cas raises those crazy blue eyes to meet Dean’s. When he does, Dean grins.
Cas looks like shit. The left side of his face is one giant bruise. His lip is split and still bleeding slowly. His shirt is dirty and torn, and one of the knees in his slacks is ripped open from seam to seam, almost an imitation of Dean’s jeans.
It’s immediately overwhelming, and he almost involuntarily takes a step back and glances at Gabe, who has also stopped and is making a face.
Mr. W assures her several times that it’s nothing, just some paperwork. But Mr. W is a lying liar who lies and is also
Dean smiles a little. “It won’t bite,” he says lowly. There’s no chance that Claire won’t hear him, with her sitting so close, but if he murmurs she may dismiss his words as “grown-up talk.”
“It was disturbing how accommodating they wished to be,” Castiel agrees dryly as he puts his suitcase on his side of the bed next to the nightstand. “It makes me even more skeptical that he’s who we’re looking for.”
Dean just nods, accepts that answer like it’s any answer at all. “All right. Well, Anna gave me the skinny. Joshua was working overnight at a botanical garden in Reno.” He smiles gently. “You up for a drive tonight, handsome?”
She tilts her head to the side and considers him. “I don’t think Papa will like you being out of bed.”
Dean smiles, but he knows it’s strained. He’s glad Cas is looking down at his pastries. “Well, I got the donuts covered, and I can offer at least eight hours of sleep. Sam and Anna are covering for us, so I can stay with you ‘till morning. I’ll sneak out the window and swing Baby around, make your mom think I’m picking you up for school.”
It’s always been a foggy, nebulous plan for the future. Find someone, maybe get married, and he doesn’t
through the all-consuming fear that seems to be eating him alive, much less feel angry about Dean’s damn car. There’s a sound, a sort of scritching coming from the back room. Cas would hope for rescue, but he doesn’t have the brainpower to think about it outside of acknowledging that the back room was empty save for him before all of this began. He’s on his own. As it is, the only thing really keeping his attention is the way the gun has started to tremble, just a little bit, as Zeke’s hands start to lose their steadiness.
Dean doesn’t hesitate to go to Cas an immediately starts getting into his space. Cas melts back into him in a gratifying way. Dean nuzzles at his neck and wraps his arms around Cas’ waist, pressing his chest to his back.
Asa, when he comes to The Bunker, doesn’t drink at the bar. He goes back with Dean to the office so they can trade tips and tricks, and sometimes submit a joint order when one or the other has a big event coming they need to stock up for.
