It shouldn’t be though.
The doctor raised an eyebrow, nodding to the bed. "Forgive me if that was telling me otherwise."
There was a small hill to the east of the castle. Although small was only comparable to the would-be mountains around him, it would still take the best part of an hour to ascend. But once up he would have a decent view of the immediate valley and would be able to scavenge for wood as he went.
John gave a half smile. “You’re nervous about something. Might as well get it over with. Although, can’t see what you could be so nervous about.”
“The challenge has been set and Zhi Zhu is responding with that acrobatic athleticism he’s known for. Once again Watson could do nothing and he finds himself having to fight hard on his own serve.”
“I think,” Sherlock said with a slow smile, “I might just be able to cope with that.”
“Good game,” Sherlock said, stopping in front of the now closed door.
John Watson was not fucking fair.
Just hands within hands.
Because being called queer for no reason was one thing, realising they were right and doing ballet was just adding unnecessary fuel.
No, he agreed, it probably wasn't.
“I’m not nervous,” Sherlock said sharply.
haven’t you been telling me?”
Ducking his head, he took a moment to simply continue breathing. In. Out. In. Out. In. Out.
the figure climbed into the jeep and closed the door.
And with that the dancing was definitely over.
Blood flow, yes. There was definitely and noticeably increased blood flow to a certain part of his anatomy.
For people in the UK, "Hall of the Mountain King" is, for better or worse, probably better known as the Alton Towers theme.
"I've got to-" Scrambling to his feet, he briefly considered the bathroom - again - before fleeing up the stairs, pulling the door firmly closed behind him.
Sherlock opened the passenger door, slipping out with a crunch under foot. The doctor had left the lights in the cottage on, which gave a welcoming feeling. Also it would be warm, or at least warmer than it was out here, and he was becoming increasingly aware of how damp his clothing were. Staying out overnight would have been miserable, even with a fire.
He gripped the sink.
"I'm not giving it back."
It was not something that had crossed his mind before, that the reason he hadn’t yet heard the full story was because it wasn’t just Sherlock’s secret. Sherlock and Irene’s ‘relationship’, such as it had been, had been built on mutual need, two people using each other to fool the media. He had thought it might be a silly, fun sort of story, but suddenly it wasn’t. Suddenly, with Sherlock’s words, it had changed into a tale of desperation and sadness, that behind the red carpet smiles was the knowledge that Irene was wearing a mask while her real partner could only watch the proceedings from home.
The doctor returned with two drinks; a coke and what looked like some sort of ale.
Packing up, they started the careful descent.
Yet, despite everything so far this week, the doctor had only praised and encouraged him, even when some of the deductions had raised things the doctor no doubt would have preferred to have kept hidden. Like the dead lover, perhaps.
John raised an eyebrow. “Really? And
"Roll over."
The doctor's gaze racked over him, eyes narrowing just briefly, and then he was stepping to the side, pushing the door to but not fully closed behind him.
“Thirty years?” Sherlock looked thoughtful. “I suppose I can put up with it until then.”
"I haven't heard that in a long time," the doctor said, his voice soft but still startling in its unexpectedness. "That arrangement at least. It was one of my favourites."
"Yes."
Who was he really?
. Thank you. I didn’t even know you were paying any attention to what I was saying.” Or how many he had had to throw out, not wanting to send those particular soiled socks through the hotel laundry.
“You think I would allow our personal circumstances to dictate how I play?” he said, his voice low and deep.
"Nothing you're not willing to do."
And then he was there.
The smile was brilliant and it sliced through any anxiety he still had to the point where he almost wanted the boxers off already just so the doctor would keep looking at him like that.
Trust wasn’t real until it was tested.
He talked about the age of the place - 200 years or so for most of the property - although there were signs of an older building having existing there earlier. The side and back extension was obviously considerably newer.
"You're not trying to stop me?" he said slowly.
"You- are- the most- amazing- stunning- beautiful- being-"
“Come on then,” Sherlock said, “I’m all yours.”
"Okay, I probably deserve that," the doctor said ruefully. Reaching over, he picked up the drink and pointedly took a sip. He grimaced slightly as he swallowed. "Sorry," he apologised, putting the drink back. "Probably not a helpful reaction. It's the sugar. Never could get used to sugar in tea. I can make you another if you'd prefer. Or you can make one yourself."
"Maybe," Harry continued. "Or maybe knowing you saved me from Turing's fate. Either way, no regrets. I have never regretting knowing you, John Watson, and neither will he."
"You okay?"
"None of this, though, gives a clue as to location as period properties can be found all over. The fading of the wallpaper says south-facing. The shadows say early afternoon. It’s raining. There was no rain forecast for Cambridge, so either I’ve been out for a lot longer than I believe, or we’re not in Cambridge any…more….”
“Nothing,” John said, quickly crossed the room to where his lover just, raising onto his toes in order to press a kiss against Sherlock’s lips. “Just remembering how much I love you.”
“You’re thinking,” Sherlock said, his voice muffled as he rubbed his face across the pillow and got himself comfortable again. “I can hear you. It’s annoying.”
He let out the shaky breath. “Alright,” he said slowly, grabbing onto the one thing he might have the chance to control, “what do we do? Who do we go to? Who do we tell?”
"Medium rare," he said after a moment.
Bound in ribbon and stored with everything else, the doctor clearly did not appreciate just what he had here. It was almost criminal. So too was the thought that it could so easily be lost.
“Git,” he had said and then pulled away at the sound of the knock on the door.
Sherlock cocked an eyebrow. “I said, could you pass me my notebook?”
“He’ll say the words,” he continued. “In his own time. When he’s ready. And they’ll be all the more special when he does.”
Right, third set. Remember what Sherlock told you. Zhi Zhu is going to have to come for you now. He’s going to attack and attack hard. Hold your ground, hit the balls back and wait for him to make the mistakes, then when he does, punish him, hard, swift, sharp, like an arrow through the heart.
It had all gone strange again and Sherlock found himself off balance as everything once again ceased to make sense.
And whistle all the airs from that infernal nonsense Pinafore."
he had found.
Sherlock burned like a furnace, hotter behind him than even the newly stacked fire in front of them. He could feel the heart beating beneath his ear; hear the thrum of blood rushing through the veins. Soothing. Familiar.
"Probably," the doctor agreed brightly, "but it depends to whom you are referring and why."
The women who lived her life in the public view and somehow managed to keep the truth about her private life a secret. What would the world say if they knew even half the truth about her?
The television flickered with what passed for world news in America, but neither of them was really watching, each lost in their own thoughts.
He frowned because he was confused by the connections, but was certain he was right. "Doctor Watson?" he asked.
"Perhaps now you will permit me further physical exploration," he said as I returned once more to my chair. "I confess to be rather eager to see you less encumbered by all those layers, and I speak as both a scientist and as a man. Tonight, for example, if you are amenable. After which, perhaps you would be so kind to tell me what was the true fate finally met by the Worthingdon bank gang."
Sherlock bolted for the door.
Easy to forget that the other man had kidnapped him in the pursuit of sex. But even that was not as-
“And Watson holds his serve.”
Now there was a choice.
“Double bluffing Holmes, Watson grabs the point to stay in the set.”
"So who was that then?" he asked, automatically motioning to the door the stranger had disappeared through.
"He didn't hire you to abduct me?" he said slowly.
"And I have heard you and confirmed that this is a fact to which I am already fully aware."
And then the doctor.
"What? Oh. Stuff," the doctor said. "That's all. Some of Harry's stuff. Some of mine. Some things we bought together. Some things inherited."
It was the most casual he’d seen his partner dress in a while; well, other than his sometime habit of lounging around in his sleepwear and dressing gown. The jeans were artfully stone washed, dark blue, faded in all the right places. No belt, which meant it was all hips and arse, and the button was at perfect height. The t-shirt pattern drew the gaze centre and then down, down, down.
“No, it’s not. So who’s your money on?”
"I led and you laughed when I dipped you."
He shifted awkwardly for a moment, suddenly aware that in accepting the drink he was now unable to facilitate a quick retreat to the bedroom. Even if he ignored standard curtesy and took the drink to his room, he was still required to wait for it to be made.
So that was an roller coaster closing weekend to this year's US Open. I could write absolutely anything in this story now and it would still be more believable than what actually happened in real life. :D
He stepped back.
And I’ll be in Scotland a’fore ye,
physical method had only been a delight to both of us.
All broken and forgotten now.
"I could go straight to the police," he pointed out. "I could have you arrested."
Well as long as he didn’t terribly embarrass himself, everything would be fine.
The poem John quotes from when Sherlock reaches the top of the hill is from “Abernethy ” by Douglas Dunn. Dunn is a modern Scottish poet, and winner of the Whitbread Book of the Year in 1985 with Elegies, a book of poems written after the death of his first wife in March 1981. He’s one of the Scottish poets seen by Sherlock, but not named, on John’s shelves. “Abernethy” is taken from his anthology Northlight, published in 1988 after Dunn’s return to Scotland.
like.
His climax rolled over him like a crashing wave of pain and pleasure. It burned through him with ecstasy and devastation. For a moment he was more alive than he had ever been.
Then there was the Harry problem.
The doctor considered, tapped gently at the table again, and then raised his gaze to look him in the eyes. "You," he said slowly, "are not a freak."
Or had he?
"And I'll be able to say no without consequence or retaliation?"
"That's one way of looking at it."
He rolled a three, considered the board, and then with a flash of a grin, sunk his hat on top of Sherlock's.
They rearranged themselves again, ending up in a loose spoon, Sherlock fulfilling the role of the smaller spoon. John found his arm manoeuvred until it was over his lover and Sherlock had entwined their fingers to keep him there. It was nice. Comforting, but still with their own space to sleep and move in. From where he was, he could smell the shampoo Sherlock had used in his hair and it was somehow soothing.
The pen felt unfamiliar and a little awkward in his hand, but he was more than capable of using it to scratch his name across first one page, then the other.
He did not expect the lips to his spine, or the teeth to his hips, or the kiss to his bum. He certainly didn't expect the tongue against him
... fuck... yes... god yes... yes....
Had it really been nearly a week? So short a time, and at the same time it felt like a lifetime, in a good way. Sort of.
All in all, however, within five minutes of making his acquaintance, Sherlock Holmes was digging a long bodkin into his finger and drawing off the resulting drop of blood in a chemical pipette. I knew in that moment, beyond all doubt, that he was the right man.
"I'm very well acquainted, too, with matters math-e-mat-i-cal,
He tossed and he turned, one name on his lips, one face repeated through so many of the images.
The package was rectangular in shape, too shallow to be a watch box, too big to be cufflinks or a tie pin, too thin in be a necklace.
Update 11 Oct: Apologies. Had news late last night of a sudden unexpected family death. So I'm delaying posting until my brain is working again. Thanks.
Then it was Sherlock who moved, somehow staying seated as he leant to snag something to wipe them both down with. “Mmmm, that was good.”
The doctor's eyebrows shot up, a delighted expression crossing his face. "Really?"
He still asked, "Why?" though, even as he rolled onto the floor, retrieving the coat that had fallen from him in the process.
“Watson serves, but it hits the net. He lines himself up for the second serve, which Holmes returns with interest. Forehand Watson. Holmes returns deep. Watson backhand and the drop shot from Holmes which Watson had no chance with.”
A few terms:
“Love me anyway?” Sherlock said, his voice quiet and soft.
A hand in his hair pulled his head up and back, but he went willingly, meeting the dilated pupils of his lover.
A girl, he had sometimes thought, a daughter for Mummy, one with dresses and hair clips and another funny name.
"I would never willingly cause you harm," I said quite fiercely.
"Guess I deserved that," the doctor said, eyes crinkling in amusement. "Going a bit slow, was I?"
was perfect, but now you want
Would he have known?
“Lie? Exaggerate? Twist the truth? That’s what consummate performers do. Whether through song, film or conversation, she can take a lie and sell it as truth, or tell a truth and make it sound like a lie. How do you think she’s survived this far?”
"Yes."
Fortunately it seemed that the doctor neither required nor expected further conversation while he busied himself with the task at hand. That gave Sherlock the opportunity to flick through his books in an act that made him look occupied, while subtly watching the doctor out of the corner of his eye.
“No, I’m not,” John said quickly.
He wanted to rear up as the pale, bared arm was thrust under his nose, but instinct was strong and he could see the pulse beating enticingly, already calling to him. His mouth salivated in readiness and it took all his will to push it away.
Scooting down the bed, Sherlock crouched over him, head tipped to one side as if studying the sight. Then started one of the best blow jobs John had ever had. No hands, just tongue and mouth, and it was glorious.
“And what did she say?”
"What was his name?"
Tomorrow he would decide.
"Trust me. It's easier this way."
He took his time with the shower, letting the heat sink into his muscles, especially his shoulder. The last thing he wanted was to start seizing up. Not now, not tonight. He had plans for the evening and they involved a certain dark-haired French smart-arsed wanker and a certain amount of physical flexibility.
Sherlock huffed but didn’t deny it.
The journey was relatively quiet. It started to rain eight minutes out, but it was light and for the location practically inconsiderable. The windscreen wipers went no higher than their first setting.
was more probably more accurate, or
(See the end of the chapter for
So close. He’d been so close to going two sets up. So close.
Where was it?
Liar.
"This was your fall back," he said slowly. "The solution to your final problem. You knew coming back here wouldn't be easy, but you did it anyway, because you knew that regardless of everything you had a plan."
Two, Sherlock picked up an injury that made playing or playing well virtually impossible – not something John wanted to dwell on since he wasn’t sure what an injured Sherlock would be like, but he was in no rush to find out.
"A lot?"
"Which left you with a little, quiet but persistent voice at the back of your mind, wondering, always wondering, because if they were right about that, then maybe they were right about all the other things as well. Maybe you are the weirdo they always thought you to be. The loner who doesn't need any friends anyway. The freak they always claimed you were.
Where me and my true love were ever want to gae
“Also, if instructed, my brother could get the locks changed in all the locations before you’ve even blinked.”
"What was it like," he asked as he stared into the liquid, "when you first realised that you weren’t like everyone else, that you liked-" He trailed off.
Or he was lying.
In action it was small, nearly chaste, and in another time and place could have passed for something wholly innocent, but in this time of reserve and morals, it spoke of far more.
Sherlock blinked. "Is this… do you want… is this a sexual thing?"
Nothing was right.
Of course he was to make himself at home and so could make use of anything around, including the bookshelves, but he had declined to do so as of yet - there was plenty of time for that, seven days in fact.
Accepting it, Sherlock unpicked the string, carefully folding back the fabric. The bow was considerably newer than the violin, although considering the wear from fingers and use, still thirty years old at least. The bow hairs had survived the storage better than he might have expected. There were a few loose, broken hairs, but nothing that a quick trim couldn't take care of. The remaining bow hairs were strong, undamaged and plentiful, and only required a single turn to tighten them back into place.
Now it looked as if Sherlock would have to handle this on his own, at least for tonight. No problem. He had handled the past two years in Eastern Europe on his own, where his legs pumped him through unfamiliar cities and the scent of inclement danger took up permanent residence in his ribcage. Compared to the past two years, what was one night alone in Baker Street? Sherlock considered his harried reflection as he tried to convince himself of this, annoyed at how miserable he was managing to look.
“Oh god, mmmf, Sherlock wait,” John gasps.
Sherlock swallows. John is grinding his teeth, a bad habit he’s never managed to break. It is a habit that only emerges at times when he is grappling with some frustrating or troubling emotion.
Sherlock might have been offended if it wasn’t for the tone of John’s voice. “A movie actually.”
John made a desperate noise, a sharp high exhale, and then he was kissing back, pressing into Sherlock. It was gentle and slow, not the frantic mess Sherlock had sometimes imagined.
“I’ve got my dog tags under the bed.”
John huffs in annoyance, the exhalation tickling Sherlock’s back.
“Yes,” John says, not breaking eye contact, smiling wide at whatever he reads in Sherlock’s face. “I think you’re right.”
“We can stop. If this is too much,” John says, his voice ragged but sincere.
John is silent. He picks at his cuticles. He avoids Sherlock’s eyes.
“Damn,” Sherlock muttered, squeezing his eyes shut.
Sherlock is hovering. John once told him that hovering is rude. That it is off putting. Bloody creepy. Those are the words John had used. And now Sherlock is hovering behind John in the kitchen at three AM, so close that he could press flush against him just by leaning forward.
Sherlock, who had been owlishly staring down at John’s face ever since he’d extracted himself from Sherlock's arms, blinked rapidly and glanced at the fabric. Pinching it between his fingers, he lifted it up to inspect it. Sherlock had no idea why John was apologizing. Did he really think Sherlock would mind? Or perhaps it was one of those polite things people were supposed to say after they had just broken down crying against someone. The crackling of the fire filled the silence that stretched between them. With a small rustle, John rubbed at his swollen eyes and sniffled. Sherlock leaned forward, tenderly using his gathered robe to wipe away the snot streaming from John’s nose.
The familiar clinking of John fixing two cups of tea fills the room. Sherlock turns to face the kitchen. His back vibrates where John’s forehead had rested. In the kitchen, John reaches for a mug from the top shelf. In a few minutes, John will walk slowly back over to the couch holding the tea mugs steady in his hands. They will sit and sip and let whatever they just shared slip away as they always do. Sherlock flexes his hand into a fist. In an instant, he realizes he cannot stand to do this. He springs up from the couch and is behind John before John can react to his footfalls.
John hesitantly smoothed his palm over the wet spot he’d left behind on Sherlock’s robe. “God, I’m sorry,” he said, voice trembling. “I’ve got you all damp. Your bloody posh silk robe and everything.”
“It would certainly appear so.”
“Sherlock?” It’s John’s voice again.
was written in Mycroft’s pretentious lettering. The bullet holes above the couch were concealed under new wallpaper. Sherlock traced his index finger over the wall, feeling the hollow indentations where his gunshots had struck. Whatever lackeys Mycroft had sent to prepare the place had worked hard enough to find and dispose of Sherlock’s cigarettes, but had taken shortcuts on actually fixing any damage. Typical Mycroft. Governmental. Uselessly bureaucratic. Empty gestures of goodwill. Sherlock, annoyed, poked his finger through the wallpaper, ripping the mottled indentations into view. There were nine of them in total, and once he had revealed them all he stuck his middle finger up at the wall, imagining Mycroft’s smug face projected across it. That’s for getting rid of my cigarettes, he thought. He swung the kitchen cabinets open (all empty) and left them that way. He peered inside the fridge. The lightbulb was out, but he could tell that the interior had been scrubbed clean and forgotten about long ago.
John takes Sherlock’s chin gently into his hands. “What did you do? You’re-you have-blood.”
John leads Sherlock into the sitting room and deposits him on the couch. John briefly disappears up to his room, stomping down the stairs again a moment later wearing a dry pair of pajama pants and holding a thick wool blanket that Ms. Hudson brought up years ago when Sherlock had been conducting an experiment on the burning rate of different papers commonly used at banks. It had been the dead of winter and Sherlock had left the windows open to filter out the smoke. Ms. Hudson had fretted over this every chance she got, but Sherlock had no idea why. It would have been much worse if he had left the windows closed. John drops the blanket onto Sherlock’s lap.
John pulled away to look at him. The fire washed the side of his face orange.
Sherlock tapped his fingertips against the leather in a nervous rhythm (allegro) and tore his eyes away from the place where John should have been. He was sure John would come to his senses soon - maybe even by tomorrow. Yes, Sherlock would crawl into bed and wake up to John knocking at the door, and then they could do things over properly. Sherlock had miscalculated their reunion. But John had always forgiven his social faux pas before. Surely he would again.
“Not my fault you use up all the hot water.”
“You could have had anything from me too,” John interrupted, avoiding eye contact. “Just so you know.”
“Dad!” he cried pulling on the sheets.
“Good boy,” John said dropping the paddle. “All done.”
Sherlock was starting to get suspicious of something. John had a very twisted side that he had not expected. It had come out that day he had hid in the closet while Sherlock got spanked. Did John really think he didn’t know? His best friend had masturbated while he got his ass beaten. He had found the dirty cum stained clothes on the floor of his closet later that day.
“Dad!” Sherlock cried tears running down his eyes. “Stop! Please!”
Victor felt a wave of fear flow through him. Sherlock was a bit bigger than him and he knew he could beat him up if he wanted.
Secretly, Sherlock was glad John was so rough on him. His mother could be a very tough disciplinarian. A few months ago she had caught him with a pack of cigarettes. He could still remember the sting of her hairbrush over his backside. His physical injuries prevented her from doing it again.
“Where are you going?” John asked, getting out of the bed. “Get back into bed. Now!”
Sherlock groaned as John pushed him to the bed. The doctor wrapped his arms around his lover’s waist and pulled him in close. John was kissing Sherlock's cheek taking in the smell of his coconut shampoo.
Sherlock knew what was going to happen. Any minute his Dad would come in and give him his bedroom time spanking and put in his bedtime toy. His father forced him to wear butt plugs all the time. Since he was homeschooled there was no way to get away with taking it out. Of course, the youngster didn’t mind too much. It did feel good and he was allowed to masturbate anytime he wanted. He just wished he didn’t have to get spanked so much. His Dad always left bruises.
John Watson couldn't help looking at the young girl as she played. The child was playing as every child should. Yet, something about her called to him. He knew it was wrong but his heart and mind were drawn to her.
Headmaster Lestrade stared down at him as John sat down in front of him. The teenager felt a wave of guilt overtake him. He had never gotten in trouble at school before. His mother was going to be so disappointed in him.
Sherlock quickly got up from his friend’s lap and raced to his bathroom. Tears were streaming down his face and he was rubbing his sore behind. John couldn’t help but feel guilty. He had gotten an erection from spanking his friend. No doubt he was embarrassed and in pain.
“Sorry for what?” she asked, raising an eyebrow.
Sherlock pushed his face into the blankets and cried heavily. He didn’t want to make his father angry but it hurt so badly. It felt like he was never going to stop hitting him. The burning was intense and each hit hurt worse than the last. John couldn't help but smirk as he watched his son's plump little backside jiggle.
Why was he was put off by him? John could easily take the annoying boy. Perhaps it was really his own mother he was afraid of. She would kill him if he got into a fight with another kid. Not to mention it might put his scholarship in jeopardy. He wished he had a friend to hang out with. It would make him feel less nervous.
“I’m not offering pity,” the doctor pleaded. “I’m offering help.”
The doctor wasted no time following after him to the bathroom. John put his ear to the door and listened. He could just barely hear the sound of someone gagging. His heart sank as he listened to the noise. He knew he had to catch him in the act. There would be no way for him to deny it. He opened the door as quietly as possible and walked into the room. John walked up to the only closed stall door. He could hear Sherlock throwing up behind the door. The doctor took a deep breath. This had to be done. Sherlock was in there throwing up his dinner. Anderson had been right. He gave a few hard knocks on the metal door. The vomiting noise stopped.
"Do you want me to break you?" the rabbit asked, raising an eyebrow at his lover.
It would worry his mother to no end. He always seemed to be underweight. She always made sure that he had healthy meals and would try to fix him what he wanted. His weight was never low enough to get the doctors involved but it was noticeable.
“How is Sherlock doing?” John asked. “I was starting to get worried when he didn’t come back.”
He reached down and rubbed himself through his pants. He could still hear Sherlock sniveling through the wooden door. He stood up and walked over the bathroom.
“We need to solve this case,” the taller man said squirting some soap onto his hands. “He’ll make me stay home and rest if he finds out I’m sick.”
“I was ill,” the taller man said sounding a bit annoyed. “I guess the case has been rather stressful on me.”
At least that was handled.
Sherlock needed to get rid of the food inside of his stomach. How was he supposed to solve a case with food digesting in his stomach?
Sherlock sighed looked down at his hands. He couldn’t say it. He couldn’t explain it. There was no way he could admit that he had forced himself to throw up.
What was he supposed to say? Sherlock couldn't tell his friend he had an eating disorder. He'd never even mentioned his eating disorder to John. It was a private matter that he didn’t talk to anyone about.
“Mind me holding you up a bit?” Sherlock asked as he slowly backed John into a wall of lockers.
Whenever he had a case he would push food away until he had solved it. It was nearly impossible to think when his body was digesting food. It didn’t make John very happy but normally he went along with it.
“I want you to stop,” he whispered. “But I need you to keep going. Gag me if you need to. I...need more. I need you to rape me like the little bitch I am. Don’t go easy on me. Fuck me until I’m overflowing with your cum.”
He decided to wait until Sherlock was done feeding Rosie. John sat down on the couch and picked up a novel he was reading. He looked at the words on the page but he didn’t read them.
Sherlock couldn’t help but smile as his mother pulled him in for a hug. While he wasn’t nuts about getting spanked by his friend it would be fun to see if his views were correct.
“Sherlock,” he said softly. “Are you alright?”
He stood up and Sherlock followed him across the playground to where a few roses grew. He pulled one from the ground and carefully tore the points off. He knelt down and offered it to her.
The doctor knew this had to be hard for his friend. These kinds of things were never easy to talk about. He sat down on the couch next to him making sure to give him lots of space. He didn’t want him to feel like he was being cornered.
That number burned into Sherlock’s brain. Where had he seen that before? It sounded so familiar. He set the unopened container on the coffee table and reached for Luka’s notebook. He opened the book and looked over the pages. The number 77 and others very close to it were repeated over and over.
“Sherlock you know your mother-” Victor started.
“Sherlock!” Mrs. Hudson called. “You have a client here.”
“Oh Sherlock,” she said, racing to his side. “I know that darling.”
“Not good,” Lestrade explained. “She has two kids and neither of them can stand me.”
John quickly glanced down at his hands as Sherlock’s angry eyes settled on him. He felt bad that his father was going to cause his friend pain and embarrassment.
Hiding his restriction from John was possible with a bit of hard work.
"John," the bunny whimpered in agony.
“I’m trying,” Sherlock said pushing his face into the hardwood floor. “I think...I think I’m going to die.”
Despite the pain that was shooting up his spine Sherlock found his cock hardened. His tiny cock engorged and pressed up against the sheets. John dropped his hands to grip the bunny's hips as he started to drive his cock into him harder. He made sure to hit his prostate constantly.
“John?” she asked, her eyes widened a bit. “Oh I see. Well, he is much older than you. It would make sense.”
John’s own hands began to shake as he picked up Sherlock’s hair brush. He lifted the implement and brought it down hard on the younger boy’s backside. Sherlock let out a yelp of pain and pulled hard on the sheets.
“Over my lap,” he said. “Clearly you can't behave.”
Sherlock wasn't fucking complaining. His body felt like it was being ripped apart and he needed a break. His tears had stopped.  It was like his body couldn’t even produce them anymore. He was always sensitive after one orgasm and he had already had two.
"Oh fuck, John. No, no, no," Sherlock repeated, shaking his head wildly.
“Hold the bag a bit higher,” Megan instructed.
Sherlock nodded before kicking his pajama pants to the floor. His behind was far too sore even for those soft pants. He knew there was no way he was going to be able to sleep but he had to at least try.
Sherlock carefully and slowly walked through the house. A woman came to him about her missing son. The police had hit a roadblock and had no idea what to do. In desperation, she had come to his flat in tears.
“That’s a good boy,” Mrs. Holmes said carefully inserting the lubed nozzle into John’s back passage.
This was his problem to handle. No one else had caused him to have this problem. He had given into the desire to restrict his food intake and to vomit up his meals. This was something he had allowed to happen. His mind was not nearly as strong as he liked to pretend it was.
John quickly started to turn to go the other way. There was no way he wanted to get caught with kids that were smoking. His mother would kill him if he got in trouble.
Tears filled his eyes as he was hit again. Through the pain and tears he tried to feel John’s erection rubbing up against him. He was enjoying this. Even though Sherlock was amused by the citation he was really starting to hurt.
There was no way Sherlock would admit the truth. John would never think of him the same way if he knew the truth. Sherlock had seen the way the good doctor had reacted when he started to think he had a problem. John’s eyes were full of worry and concern. There was also another emotion showing through those bright colored balls, pity. John felt bad for him. Pity was the last thing Sherlock needed. The mere word made his skin crawl.
John was on his feet and after him quickly. He knew he needed to get through to his friend. If Sherlock didn’t open up then things weren’t going to get any better. He ran into his room and slammed the door.
“I…” Sherlock stammered as John slammed into hard. “I can’t!....I…”
There was a bit of celebration going on at Scotland Yard. It had been a long case and without Sherlock, it wouldn’t have been solved. Of course, Sherlock didn’t seem overly thrilled. Solving the case never gave him the same joy as the chase did.  He would give himself a few days off and then actively start to look for another case.
“Time for an enema,” she said, setting the supplies down on the bedside table. “Go ahead and get undressed.’
John felt his brow knitted together in apprehension. What would Sherlock do?
John took a deep breath as Sherlock walked away. Suddenly, he started to feel rather stupid. He had jumped to conclusions. Sherlock did have unhealthy eating habits but that didn’t mean he had an eating disorder. Lots of people made bad choices when it came to food.
The good doctor was helping himself to a donut when Anderson approached him. He grabbed the man by the arm and gently drug him off to the side. He glanced over his shoulder a few times as if he was checking for someone.
“Sasha seemed nice enough,” the doctor said. “Maybe you two should try again.”
"Oh, stop...keep..." he muttered.
Sherlock didn’t move. He kept his face pressed into the hardwood floor. His eyes were closed and he was slightly panting. Sherlock’s mind felt like it was being ripped in two. He needed John to stop. His cock was destroying him. Yet, he didn’t want it to stop. He wanted to see how far his body could be pushed.
That seemed a bit strange to Sherlock. He couldn’t remember the last time either one of his parents had picked him up from school. His own mother made sure he had breakfast each morning and usually joined him for dinner. Despite the fact she didn’t work she always seemed busy. Mrs. Holmes often devoted herself to doing work in the community. It was a nice effort but sometimes she forgot about her responsibilities in her own home.
“Make me,” the younger boy snapped.
“Sorry,” he said quickly. “You don’t have to answer that.”
“Ah!” Sherlock screamed with each hit. “Please!”
"Oh I do," John growled taking Sherlock's wrist in his own hands. "I love it when you break me down and release the wolf that I am. You make me just want to fuck all day and night."
Sherlock was worried that John would run to a teacher about what he had seen. That was the last thing he wanted. He didn't need anyone finding out about his little habit.
Despite all his orgasms, he was ready for another. He needed to keep going. He needed to fuck Sherlock’s hole was overriding the soreness in his muscles. He reached down and spread the bunny’s cheeks.
“We solved a very interesting case,” Sherlock said with a chuckle. “What’s got you in such a fit?”
“Be a big boy and take it,” John said. “This for your own good. I know it hurts.”
John tried to relax as Mrs. Holmes handed the bag off to Sherlock. The two of them tried not to look at each other. John let out a gasp as the water started to flow in. The temperature was just fine but he could tell Mrs. Holmes overdid it with the soap.
John smiled as he walked into the room. His son was sitting on the edge of the bed looking nervous as usual. Sherlock was looking away from him. No doubt he didn’t want to look at the paddle and butt plug he was holding. His son was still a bit shy about his body and having things shoved into it. John sat them both down on the bed before sitting down himself.
John lifted the paddle and began to hit his son fast and hard.
"You're going to break me," John said with a toothy smile.
He bit down on his bottom lip and tried not to cry out as he was filled. Tears filled his eyes and he began to shake a bit. He really did feel bad for Sherlock. It wasn’t long before the cramps got very bad. He reached down and rubbed his stomach trying to ease the pain.
Sherlock began to cry loudly as John spanked his behind over and over.  Sherlock, of course, continued to whimper pitifully as John gradually increased the pressure of the spanking on his butt cheeks. Sherlock was whimpering louder by the minute as his ass continued to hurt from the punishment, the waves of pain cutting through his sore cheeks as John punished his ass over and over.
John and Sherlock walked out of the room. The younger boy had a scared look on his face as he dove into the bathroom. John couldn’t really blame him. Mrs. Holmes could be pretty hard on his backside. John walked into the sitting room and found the paddle sitting next to the couch. It wasn’t unusual to see it sitting around the house and she didn’t miss a chance to discipline Sherlock. He walked down to Sherlock’s room trying to hide his joy. Yes, he was going to have to take an enema but he was going to get to see Sherlock get spanked.
John’s heart broke at the sound of his friend’s voice. He sounded like he was on the edge of tears. He sighed closing his eyes. Sherlock wasn’t asking for much. Giving him an hour to collect himself was a good idea.
What if he was wrong? What if Anderson had just misunderstood the situation? Sherlock might laugh at him for even thinking such a thing. Oh well, it was a risk he was going to have to take.
“What do you want?” the older boy asked. “I haven’t done anything to you.”
The youngster began to shake his head and cry louder. He wanted it out! It hurt! There was no way he could sleep with it in him.
That made John feel pretty guilty about getting off so lightly. He should have gotten in a lot more trouble.
He needed to get his mind off food and focus on his work.
“Stay there Sherlock," he ordered. "I'll be done with you in a few minutes. "
“Sh,” he said kissing him. “Try and rest until my knot goes down. We’re going to have to go again right away.”
“Shit!” he cried. “Not so damn hard.”
“Please don’t,” Sherlock said through his tears.
John felt his insides flutter at the thought of watching Sherlock get spanked. His mind went back to his masturbation session in the closet. Suddenly John lifted the bag as high as he could.
“It already hurts,” he whimpered.
“Please don’t call Mycroft,” Sherlock said, fighting back tears. “I’ll talk to you. I just need an hour. Give me an hour.”
"Marble," Sherlock answered pretending not to see it lying there.
“No,” John said resting his head on Sherlock’s shoulder. “You came. Stop complaining.”
“No,” John said shaking his head. “I don’t smoke.”
Bonding between parents and siblings was frowned on but not outlawed. John had toyed with the idea of bonding with his son. Sherlock was very special and he wasn’t sure he wanted to give him away. The little one would have to be sold and bonded shortly after his first heat. It was rarely allowed for an omega to be left unbonded.
Sherlock was sure Luka had an eating disorder he had worked hard to hide. His social media was full of hints but nothing that was obvious. The only question Sherlock had was what did this have to do with going missing? If he had checked into a program no doubt he would at least called his mother to let her know he was alright. Luka seemed to really care for his mother. His facebook full of pictures of the two of them together smiling and lots of loving messages to her. Of course, he knew social media profiles could be very misleading but he had met his mother. She really seemed to miss her son.
“I could really use your help,” she said. “Sherlock is a handful for me to handle by myself.”
It occurred to Sherlock that she hadn't seen her brother since she got there. She turned her head and looked around. She didn't see him or Eurus. Perhaps he was off playing with her.
Sherlock began to cry as his father forced the toy in deeper. It was stretching him in ways that felt wrong. He tried to tense and keep the toy from going it but that just made it hurt worse.
“I was stressed from the case,” Sherlock explained. “I was tired and overworked. I’m going to take a much-needed nap.”
“Sherlock…’” she warned picking up the paddle. “I know you’re sore. I’ll give them to you fast.”
“No!” John said slapping his son’s behind. “It will stay there all night.”
“I didn’t say you had,” Sherlock snorted. “I’m just trying to get to know the new kid.”
As the two-week mark neared the good doctor decided to force a little food into his friend. John didn’t have to work that morning, so the three of them had eaten breakfast together before dropping little Rosie off with Mrs. Hudson.
“I mean it,” he said, letting him up. “Your mother’s rules carry over.”
He always tagged along with Sherlock anytime he went to see his dealer. Sometimes his dealer, Mr. Hudson, could be a real jerk and Victor wanted to be there in case they needed to call for help. The rundown apartment made Victor feel uneasy but there was no way he was going to let Sherlock go there on his own. He would never give himself if something happened to him.
It was a full week before he ran into his first problem teenager. He was cutting behind the gym on his way to lunch when he spotted two teenage boys standing behind the large building They were both smoking cigarettes and engaged in conversation.
"I don't know," Sherlock said. "He was here."
He wanted to make him bleed worse. All the wolf wanted was to make the bunny scream louder and fight him with every bit of energy he had. John gently touched his bunny's tail. The small ball of fluff was nervously twitching.
Sherlock’s day hadn’t gone very well. Donetta was still sticking to her story. She claimed Luka had called her the night he went missing and discussed his latest homework assignment. When Sherlock had asked her about his eating habits and current mental health she quickly made her excuses and left.
“Mum!” Sherlock cried as his mother removed the nozzle. “I need to go!”
“I’ll make sure they understand you were acting in self-defense,” Lestrade said. “Now, I need you to check in with your teachers and head to the detention room for the rest of the day.”
Sherlock pushed open the teen’s bedroom door. The room looked just as he expected. There was an unmade bed with a few dirty clothes next to it. There were open and closed school books sitting on a desk. A little black notebook sat on his dresser among scraps of papers and a hairbrush. He flipped open the book to find it full of numbers and dates. There was no way of telling what the numbers represented.
“Stop!” Sherlock cried trying to crawl away from John. “Please...Please…”
“Go to your room,” John said, trying to act like he was in charge.
“I can’t!” Sherlock cried tears already filling his eyes. “It’s...It’s never hurt this badly!”
John’s eyes drifted up to Sherlock’s face. His eyes were closed and his body was already shaking. Was his body quivering from excitement, pain, or pleasure? The doctor didn’t really care. When it came to Sherlock and sex these emotions didn’t really seem to exist as their own thing. All of his emotions seemed to combine into an intense sensation that had no name.
Sherlock’s eyes widened in panic as soon as he saw the enema supplies.
“Mum has always been like this,” Sherlock said with a shrug. “She means well.”
“What was going on?” the doctor said.
“Sherlock,” John said as he heard the door lock. “Please open the door.”
What had her son been up to now?
John was delighted to see it solved. He knew Sherlock wasn’t eating enough due to the case. Some time off work would do him some good. He was starting to look a bit sick.
“Damn straight,” Sherlock said with a loud grunt. “Let’s get out here.”
Luckily since the boy was younger than him they didn’t have any of the classes together. That made it easier for John to avoid him. He was on his way to speak to a history teacher about a question on his homework when he bumped into Sherlock.
John smiled and nodded. He could relate to that. It had taken him a while to get over his test issues. Maybe there was a chance the two of them could be friends.
Sherlock’s body shook as he started to orgasm. It was like a giant electrical shock that pulsed all over his body. His eyes rolled into the back of his head as his chest heaved up and down. His entire body was twitching and his face was trembling.
Sherlock snapped his laptop shut with a frustrated grunt. Damn Anderson. His brain wouldn’t be so twisted if it hadn’t been for him. He could live with his problem on his own but Anderson had drug John into this. Of course, John was worried about his mental and physical health.
He had no idea why he was following Sherlock. He just had a feeling that something was wrong with him.
John’s parents were pretty understanding about what had happened. His mother had sat him down and explained that he needed to tell her if anything like that happened again. His mother had forced him to help more with chores for the next few weeks because she still felt he had gotten out of hand.
“I need to ask you something,” he said, not looking his mother in the eye.
“This is really going to hurt,” John warned as he laid down on his lover. “I mean...it’s going to be bad. I’m not stopping until my erection goes away fully. I might fuck you a dozen times. I mean it that I’m not stopping. It doesn’t matter how much you scream or cry. I’m going to force you to take it. Are you sure you want this?”
“Where you headed?” Sherlock asked taking a step closer to John.
The little girl dug through her bag and dumped out her favorite marbles. She didn't know how long she played there in the dirt but soon she felt she was being watched.
Lestrade looked thoughtfully at the young boy. Clearly, he was holding something back. He knew something that he wasn’t willing to tell.
“I figured as much,” John said as he reached his side. “Don’t worry. I don’t have any problems with you.”
“Victor!” he shouted running towards him.
“What for?” Sherlock asked, raising an eyebrow.
”Come on,” the wolf moaned. ”You know you can do it.”
Food? Was that all he could think of?
Lukas’ girlfriend Donetta was clearly hiding something but Sherlock wasn’t sure what it was yet. His own brain was swirling with thoughts that he couldn't control. His own problems were making it hard to think and focus on the case.
She set it down on the bedside table next to Sherlock’s hairbrush. Poor Sherlock was in the bathroom for what seemed like forever. He looked awful when he emerged from the bathroom. His hair was a mess and he looked terribly pale. His eyes were red from crying and he was still sniveling.
Mrs. Megan Holmes worried about her younger son. Sherlock always seemed so distracted and unruly. She had suffered through the same problems with her older son Mycroft as well. Good old fashioned discipline had turned Mycroft into a model citizen. Despite the fact that she spanked Sherlock often and hard it didn’t seem to help. Sherlock’s father, Mike, was often traveling for his jewelry business but when he was home he made sure to keep his son in line. They tried to be the best parents they could.
Anderson thanked him and headed off to join his co-workers. John frowned shaking his head. There was something he was going to have to do a little research into. If Sherlock was making himself sick on purpose then it had to be dealt with.
Give him an out. John didn’t believe him for a second. He sounded too tense and he was being rather short with him.
What the hell was going on?
John stopped walking and turned his head. He noticed the taller one was smirking at him. The shorter boy poked the taller one in the side.
“You need this,” he said nibbling on his lip. “I know it hurts but you need it.”
By the time he was sixteen, his mother was forcing him to sit and eat dinner with her. Sherlock hated it. He didn’t see the point in eating if he wasn’t hungry. Why did human beings eat when they weren’t hungry?
“I know this has to be hard on you,” the doctor said through the door. “I just want you to talk to me.”
Sherlock wanted to beg him to take out the plug but was afraid he’d just get spanked again. He crawled out of his father’s lap and rubbed at his eyes with his sleeves. His whole body felt like it was on fire.
Sherlock opened the stall and walked out. He didn’t know what to do. He knew Anderson would tell John was sick. After all, he was his doctor and friend. That was something he couldn’t allow to happen. If John found out about this he would never let it go.
As they stepped inside Sherlock made his excuses and slipped off to the restroom. He made sure he was the only one in there before stepping into a stall.
Mycroft ran up to Sherlock and picked Her up.
“He’s been bullying me,” John said. “He calls me names and pushes me around.”
“Come on,” Mrs. Holmes said. “Bend over the bed.”
“No!” he screamed. “Please don’t! Please!”
Sherlock had just started calming down by the time his knot was starting to go down. John’s cock started to harden inside Sherlock’s tight passage.  It quickly became quite a bit thicker than Sherlock had been expecting. How could it keep getting bigger? The bunny gave a cry of pain as his tender passage was assaulted.
“Yes,” Victor said nodding. “This is John. John this is my daytime driver Gladstone”
“You don’t think so?” Lestrade asked seeing the worried look on the boy’s face.
“I think public service might be a better fit,” Lestrade said standing up from his desk. “We have a program called “Freshen” that helps with the local community. In this case, I think I will make you spend two Saturdays with them.”
Sherlock had broken bones?
“He was in there being sick,” Anderson explained. “When he realized I was in there he started acting strange. He about begged me not to tell you.”
John quickly reached out and started running his fingers along Sherlock's shaft. Despite all his lover’s complaining he was starting to get hard.
"Sherlock!" Mycroft was calling her and didn't seem happy.
“Easy for you to say,” Sherlock was reaching down to hold his stomach. “You’re older than me.”
“No baby,” John said kissing along his lover’s spine. “Daddy knows what you need and he’s going to take care of you. You need me to do this for you. You need me to hold you down and rape you.”
It was done. Hopefully, he wouldn’t have to do it ever again.
“Are you alright?” came Anderson’s voice.
“Good boy,” John moaned as he filled him with cum.
"Where's your mother?" he asked.
John was a strong Alpha raising his young Omega son. Even though Sherlock hadn’t entered his first heat he could tell the youngster was going to be an Omega. As his father, it was his job to prepare him for the life he would have to lead. Most parents were the first to knot their children. Even young Alpha's were expected to take a knot at least once. It was just part of growing up. John’s own Alpha father had knotted him and he would do the same for his own offspring.
“A game, yes. A great game. The greatest in fact,” Sherlock said.
Whatever Sherlock had been expecting, it wasn't the sound of Glen Miller's saxophone.
"Come, dinner," he said, then moved back to the kitchen.
"This isn't your main residence."
He gasped as they drew apart, fingers tightening as he registered that they were clenching the doctor's polo shirt, but then the doctor's arms raised above his head and there was only one thing to do.
His stomach clenched as he knew without doubt who had posted that link and that their reason for doing so was far from good.
It had to be the drugs. This was all part of some elaborate plan to get him away from the drugs. Mycroft, it had to be. Somehow. Probably a spy amongst his course mates. And he's pulled in the good doctor to oversee his rehabilitation.
He gasped, sucking in cool air that he hadn't even realised he had been short of. His lungs heaved, his eyes prickled, his groin throbbed.
The new day brought grey skies and drizzle. The view from the bedroom window remained no less impressive in nature and grandeur, but the weather continued to make it imposing and virtually inaccessible. Even if the rain cleared, the ground would still be damp underfoot, limiting movement and speed.
Not now at least.
"I brought you back here," John said softly. "I scattered your ashes from this spot. I did as I promised."
This was it. Time to face the music.
And that was even if he wasn’t murdered at the end of all this.
"I miss you,” he whispered. “So much.”
They both moaned, and it was bloody brilliant. So bloody brilliant. All the way in, Sherlock waited, breathing into John's back, then it was all movement and heat and mind-blowing brilliance. Sherlock’s strokes were strong, deep and hit his prostate with nearly every thrust. Over and over and-
By now the sun was climbing steadily higher in the pale blue and grey sky, and he paused for a drink. The coffee added warmth to his chest and a caffeine kick to his system. As physically fit as he kept himself with his boxing and Bartitsu, he was finding this tougher going than he had expected, and he still had many miles to go in order to put sufficient distance between himself and the doctor, even if he failed to find civilisation before complete darkness.
“If you have to be wild one night per years, it is tonight, Jonny boy!” replied Irene witch a wicked grin.
“Clara had left a clothing magazine last time she went over to your place, it’s still on the coffee table. The spine has distinctive cracks so it was easy to find witch pages have been looked more. And I’ve been told that it's common to give sexy things as gift between couples. Well, that’s what Lestrade does with my brother, anyways”.
Wobbling a little from alcohol (he had tried to make her shut up by getting her drinks after drinks, and it was finally her full bladder who had allowed him to escape) he staggered unto the sofa, letting himself fall next to Irene. The girl’s wig was a bit awry and her lips and cheeks were noticeably more pinkish than earlier. Kate was curled at her side, her fingers intertwined with Irene’s ringed ones.
Ok, maybe a bit interesting, then.
“Oh, no. No no no, you're not going to put that on me. You’ve broken it, you replace it! Until then, I'm going to Mrs. Hudson’s.”
The young woman shifted slightly, leaning on the sofa toward him. She put her hand on John's arm, pinning him with her intense glare.
“Smaug is one of the coolest characters!” he protested, “Or had you preferred to be Gandalf?”
It all started with a serial killer. This one was quite prolific, with a special thing for hands, but without the body attached to them.
“Don't bother, it's too thick. And he had probably blocked the handle with some kind of metal rod, judging by the sound. You’ll just harm yourself in the process”.
“I may have made the kettle...” the detective hesitated, “momentarily unusable”.
“How can you tell?”
John was bouncing with energy, compensating for the gloomy face of his roommate. Both teenagers were costumed and making their way through the London's streets illuminated with Halloween decorations.
“Not like we have a choice. We’ll wait, then”
The blond boy stayed stunned for a moment.
“Then throw away that ring John! Stop pretending that you are just friends. Get out of the shadow, and said to that dragon what you really think of him.”
“Sure. But at least, can you stop 'not sulking' when we'll arrive at Greg's place? It’s rare that his parents leave for the weekend, we’re not going to have an opportunity like that again soon! All school will be there, it's going to be so great!”
He had coerced the detective to at least lean on his side of the bed the night before, rather than let him stay in his chair while he immersed himself in his Mind Palace. That way, John was sure that his lover's body was recovering a little, even if his mind stayed awake.
“John, you've thought to block the door open before coming out, don't you?”
John had a chuckle before gazing at him “Well, unless you have a portable radiator hidden under that big coat of yours, I guess I just have to bare up until Greg arrive and put us out of our misery.”
The mother didn't even turned toward him, the cry of her baby in his stroller covering the teen voice.
“Impossible, I'm working on damps tonight, nothing inflammable.”
John actually stopped bouncing and pinched his nose with his hand in exasperation.
But every now and again, he asked himself if maybe putting a little bit of effort in his clothes could be a good idea? Even if Sherlock had never said anything regarding this subject (and he never dared to ask, how pathetic would it be?) some of the glances he caught during their last date had made him cogitate.
“Come on, don't be shy. Step into the light, John. You won't regret it.”
“I...”
John couldn't believe his ears.
Sherlock was notoriety good as dismissing his sentiments, and he was particularly keen to use that talent with his feeling towards John. Sure, it was hard, but Sherlock was nothing but good to pull a poker face, concealing his hopes and refused to name the sheer agony that fell on his mind every time John was going out with a new girlfriend.
John couldn't help grinning thought the dinner. He felt warm and giggly as Sherlock's fingers kept brushing on his wrists while he played with the ridiculous cufflinks, his mind getting clouded by desire as they shared small talks and a delicious bottle of French wine.
“Yes. Thank you, Mrs. Hudson.”
“You want me to...”, asked John incredulously.
floor. Sherlock was apologizing again when John held out his hand.
And if John didn't let go of his hand for the rest of the afternoon, even after getting out of the shops and into the much calmer streets, well, neither of them complained.
His mind was numb for a couple of hours, barely noticing when Mycroft arrived and sit at his side, putting a cup of coffee next to his chair. The dark liquid was already cold when Greg came and went, talking lightly with Mycroft about some deposition that John would have to make at the Yard in a couple of days.
John rolled his eyes, while Molly smiled shyly at Sherlock.
Sherlock bit his lips and purposely avoided the blond boy’s gaze. Surely, he was already starting to piss him off. People never liked his deductions about infidelity, even when it wasn’t directed toward them.
“John, you always manage to 'forget' them on the locker rooms after practice or have them 'stolen' in less than a week after Christmas anyways”, countered Sherlock.
When John woke up this morning, he could hear loud noises coming from the kitchen. It wasn't unusual at 221b: even when John was still in his old bedroom, Sherlock would regularly make noises loud enough to wake up Mrs. Turner's married ones next door. The detective often worked at night or on in early morning, and had never considered John's sleeping pattern as a reason to be quieter. So, as with every other aspect of Sherlock's habits, John has grown accustomed, and now that he had moved into the downstairs bedroom with Sherlock, he rarely even woke up when another beaker or Erlenmeyer flask exploded during the night.
John rolled his eyes dramatically.
John smiled warmly at the dancer as Sherlock blabbed about Zodiacal figures and astronomical representation. Why Sherlock had deleted heliocentrism but kept stored information about constellation shapes and names was beyond him, but Sherlock's passion was too cute to be frowned upon.
He hadn't been standing for more than five minutes when he saw a fireman exiting the building, pullinga young man by the arms. His blond hair shined under the streetlights as he let himself be dragged outside the building with great reluctance.
That killer has kept them both awake for weeks now, and if John had grabbed some hours of sleep every now or then, he was worried about Sherlock's sleeping pattern.
“Well, not that then. Maybe a new scarf-”
They were now nearly 2 weeks into the investigation, and a new phone call has been received an hour ago, signalling an area in East London. The search area was huge, but, according to Sherlock's deduction, these 300 square meters were the most likely areas where the killer should have thrown the hands away.
Sherlock had nodded, made a comment about the state of the kitchen’s staff backstage drama, and since then it was like everything was back as normal. So, Sherlock guessed they were over it? Friends again? John had not offered any explanation for his behavior that night, and so Sherlock had acted like he did not remembered it either.
What is left? Yes, sexual identity. Well, it's quite clear when you look at your attitude: prolonged silence makes you uncomfortable, but not another man checking you out, and neither did you dismiss the obvious innuendo: homosexual then.”
The Watsons tense finances made them unite Harry's birthday and Christmas gift. So they had the habit to buy her presents first and place them at the feet of the Christmas tree, waiting for the rest of the family gifts who were added later. Sherlock had only needed a rapid look at the vividly colored wrapped boxes this morning to know all about their content, as he was waiting for John to find is gloves before going with him on this last minute emergency gift finding.
Sherlock didn't move, clearly taken aback.
He was also wearing the ridiculous slippers Lestrade had given him for Christmas. His brother’s boyfriend had a terrible sense of humor, and after Mummy Holmes had shared Sherlock's childhood infatuation with bees during a family dinner, the constable had gifted the young man with bee-shaped slippers as a joke. Sherlock will never admit it but these slippers, as ridiculous as there were, were the most comfortable and warm pair he had ever had.
But the old lady was restless, waving her hand in front of her nightie in a hurried motion.
So he huddled up even more on Sherlock’s embrace, turning his head to put his lips against Sherlock’s temple.
“Beside my dignity? Nope, I didn’t even had the chance of a good fight.”
He thought their friendship would continue like this, with John going out on dates and Sherlock pinning after him. But recently, John had started to show interest on boys as well, and Sherlock had no idea how he would manage no to turn into a screaming and pathetic ball the day John will bring a boyfriend to their dormitories.
Then, surrounded by his lover's scent, he let himself cry.
“I don't know. Maybe. I hate that.”
“I know what breakfast is, Sherlock. What I don't understand is how
Sherlock had went home in state of shock and confusion, playing and replaying the scene for hours in his bed that night and all the night ever since.
“Smaug” corrected John.
Jealousy filled John so suddenly it made him dizzy.
“John had hadn't shut up a second about this insufferable movie, and I’ve understood that it had some norse mythology’s inspiration. As the elves are a recurrent figure of that mythology, it wasn’t a difficult deduction to make.”
“What?” snapped him when he opened the door.
“No, I figure you are right,” he said “Everything is perfectly romantic that way.”
“John, you've been dancing around each other for so long it’s not even funny to watch anymore! I don’t know how you manage the sexual frustration at this point.” She turned toward the dark-haired teen with an appreciative look “Besides, he looks amazing tonight, you've chosen the right costume. Quite a candy for the eyes.”
“Wh... what? How could have you deduced that if the box isn't under the Christmas tree?”
“Totally. She had already put the gift under the Christmas tree. It was hardly a difficult deduction”.
It had been a 20 minute cab's ride to go to the crime scene, an abandoned warehouse in the dock area. God help them, it was a bloody mess. Literally. There was blood everywhere, the body barely human anymore, the smell awful and acrid.
Nights like this one, sweet and small intention like these ones, were pangs in his armor.
“I'm truly sorry. I'll try to stay close to you, I promise.”
But what got out was:
He had to left Sherlock's side when they reached the hospital, only to be put in the waiting room, as soon as the paramedics had been assured that the blood on his shirt was Sherlock's and not his own.
This time, Sherlock turned toward the boy, sending him his most murderous glare. But the blond only smiled brightly, a humorous shine in his blue eyes.
“Come now, Sherlock, it's not a Halloween party without costumes!” replied John with humor.
Sherlock send a disinterested look at the frontage.
“Well, you’re sooo better looking that Gandalf, at least,” she purred.
“I'm thinking about the convenience of left-handedness,” answered Sherlock honestly.
Both men hung up, then Sherlock turned back at John.
Sherlock was waiting for the usual reaction: threats, swearing, or even a punch, but the boy only looked at him in awe, mouth open. To his horror, Sherlock felt himself blushing. He was so used to be told to “piss of” that he was unable to proceed in front of this obvious display of admiration.
“Those ideas are brilliant John.”
“You could have told me if you wanted a cuddle, you know,” he said jokingly.
“Of course not. I've seen the firefighters using the carbon dioxide extinguishers, so it removes the risk of a class K fire. The heavy fog tells me it's probably a class B fire, and by the smell I'll say burned plastic. Nothing to worry about then, I'll tell that the operation should end in an hour, tops.”
“Lestrade! Where are you?” he barked when the DI answered his phone.
“Vanished, damn it!” swore John. “Do you want to try to come down? Maybe we can try to catch him at the entrance?”
Sherlock only response was to embrace him tighter. John smiled fondly and raised his head to kiss the part of Sherlock’s jaw he was able to reach. Sherlock shyly dropped his head, hiding his flaming cheeks from John’s gaze. John didn’t push him, simply nestling his face against the mop of curl on his shoulder. They stayed immobile a long moment, listening to the roar of the wind, John eyes on the sky while the detective preferred to keep his face buried in John’s neck. John finally broke the silence.
While looking for the promised hands, John frequently looked up to search Sherlock's form through the London fog. The detective silhouette was standing out against the pink-purple sky, and John caught himself gazing at the detective’s curls, heavy in the soft drizzle. The lean curve of his cheek and neck was enhanced when he leaned over, the skin diaphanous at the decreasing light, his lips swollen and reddened by the cold wind…
“Nothing to concern you about”, dismissed Sherlock, well aware that the DI’s team was probably listening to their conversation and reluctant to admit that they have been trapped like a couple of idiots, “I’ll text you the address. You'll have to get to the rooftop of the main building, following the stairway number 2. Just come quickly.”
“You've
But, unsurprisingly, the two of them were once again separated as soon as they put a foot in the alley of the 2
There, dark blue against the light colors of their bed sheets, carelessly discarded in the hurry of this morning, is Sherlock's blue dressing gown.
oOoOoOoOoOoOO
Sherlock signed as they passed a group of giggling teenage girls, barely covered by 'sexy' nurse costumes.
“It's a dead end! Come to fetch us! There is nothing more to be done tonight.”
Her exclamation was rewarded by a cheer from a group of the teen sit on the next sofa.
, he replied; instinctively using one of Sherlock’s favorite comeback, I just want to know what the other had found for Harry, so I don't buy her the same thing.”
“Enjoying yourself, Jonny boy?”
John nearly fell when his foot got stuck under a part of an old car. He diverted his eyes from the detective silhouette and resumed his search, his heart pounding hard in his chest. Gosh, he was smitten.
“Hi.”
The detective and his blogger had staked out behind offices doors for hours, waiting until night had fall on the empty offices cubicle. The moon was already high in the sky when a sound had finally pieced the air. Sherlock had jolted from his hiding place, thrown the door of the CEO office open, only to catch a glimpse of the man in front of the open safe before he disappeared by another door. John had tried to stop him, but the guy was not an amateur, and he escaped from John’s grip like a snake.
Intrigued, Sherlock let his eyes run along the boy’s frame. He glanced at his face, his attire, his hands, and raised an eyebrow at his deduction.
“Yes, Irene helped me with the costume. She wanted me to dye my hair red, but I don't think my mom would have like it. But you still recognize me as an elf, yes?”
The light of the mid-morning was falling on Sherlock’s form, curled into a ball on his sofa, now dressed in his dressing down.
Because they were both pretty tipsy, it surely didn’t mean anything. And because they had been friends for years, and even if John had confessed been more interested in boys than in girls, and even if Sherlock has always been more interested in John more than in anybody else, well... it didn't mean anything, right?
Valentine's day was right around the corner, so when Sherlock, over a decomposing body in a shady brug den, had declared that he had reserved a dinner table at Angelo's, it had been the little push he needed.
The doctor, already dizzy with the long intervention, gave him as much detail as he could though the torrent of questions. But John only became more and more frenzy, pressing the man, at the end without even letting him the time to answer.
“Moreover, I’d say that Anderson was surely too busy with his mistress to notice anything important.”
Irene face was entirely too serious when she answered him.
“In fact he does.”
But John was eager to show to the word how happy he was how perfect their couple was. And Sherlock was quite tactile in private, so John was confident that they could share more openly affective gestures outside the flat, such as holding hands, in a week or two.
John chuckled despite his beating heart. “I get it, I get it!”
The door of the flat slammed at the conclusion of this very English sentence.
Sherlock had been designated to bring him home, even though he was pretty tipsy too. They walked wobbly all the way back at John’s place, holding arms for both warmth and support. They had kept silence all the trip back, John becoming sleeper as the alcohol really kicked in. Sherlock was prepared to have to lift him to take the two steps in front of the Watson’s family house, but instead when they reached the doorstep, John had suddenly evaded from Sherlock’s grip. He had opened his eyes, his face mere inches from Sherlock’s, babbled about tinsel light reflecting on Sherlock eyes, before reaching with unsure hand to the young dancer face and pressing his lips against Sherlock's one in a floppy kiss. It may had been a little bit more than that, maybe that John's tongue had reached Sherlock's lips, and maybe that Sherlock had grabbed the other teen’s short hair in a possessive grip. Maybe John had let out a telling moan, and maybe Sherlock had felt his knees go weak.
“Thank you, John,” she said taking the bag from him. “You’re such a good boy. Can you fetch the paddle from the sitting room? I think I left it in there the other day.”
Had he simply run away out of shame? Maybe his mother had found out about his problem and he couldn’t face her. His mother hadn’t mentioned him having issues but this wasn’t something you never bring up to a stranger. While Sherlock didn’t have all the details he was sure Luka had left of his own free will and his eating disorder had something to do with it.
“Dr. Watson thinks it would do your body some good,” she said. “Hurry up. I don’t want the water to get cold.”
She felt his legs on either side of her. A hand was gently resting on her butt. Sherlock grabbed her marble and moved back. He's smiling at her.
John frowned and shook his head. Should he tell Headmaster about Sherlock’s suspected drug use? Maybe he just needed help with that.
Victor frowned as he looked over his shoulder. He didn’t like what they were doing. There was no way two fourteen-year-olds should be in that part of town.
“Sherlock,” John said as softly as he could. “I know what you’re doing. We will talk about this when we get home.”
“You’re going to be really busy,” Sherlock explained. “I know you have two charity bake sales coming up and you're helping with the church garden. I’m worried that…”
Sherlock sat on the bed and curled up against the headboard. He picked up one of his pillows and held it close to his chest. He had no idea what to do. What would John do if he told him the truth? Would he send him away to a treatment center? He shivered at the thought.
Megan laid down the towel and helped her son get into position on his side. The poor boy was already shaking. She picked up the nozzle and coated it in vaseline. Mrs. Holmes placed it at Sherlock’s tight entrance. Sherlock let out a whimper as the nozzle slipped inside.
Sherlock didn’t know how to feel about what had happened. His friend had enjoyed spanking him. He didn't enjoy the spanking. It hurt and burned. Yet, as Sherlock ran into the bathroom he was sporting an erection of his own.
“Again I’m sorry,” John said as he started to remove his pants. “I feel like I’m to blame for this.”
“Can I have his mobile number or something?” John asked. “I really want to tell him that I’m sorry for getting carried away.”
A feeling of ecstasy washed over him and he came hard. The bunny went completely limp on the floor as the wolf’s knot swelled inside his passage. John howled as he filled the tight passage with cum.
“Mummy!” he cried twisting his head from side to side.
“I can’t believe you’re going to do this,” Sherlock snapped. “At least make it quick.”
"Mum is away selling her book," Sherlock said standing up.
"How old are you?" he asked.
“I will,” John promised as the Headmaster sat back down at his desk.
He placed the fed child in her playpen. The child gave a cry of delight as she began to play with her toys.
Sherlock knew what Victor was going to say. His friend was constantly begging him to get help. Victor knew what the drugs were doing to him and he was scared one of these days he was going to overdose. Sherlock knew that wasn’t going to happen. He was far too careful to let anything like that happen.
His father would join them when he was home. His business trips often came him away for weeks. Sherlock knew they cared but they just always seemed too busy for him. Victor was in the same spot. That was the one thing that brought them together.
John looked at his friend with a curious look. He couldn’t imagine what had him in such a fit. Ever since Sherlock had come back Anderson had done everything to make things good with them.
Forcing it? Making himself sick?
Tears were streaming down his face and he was struggling to stay in place. John felt terrible about getting aroused by this but he couldn’t help. He was trying not to get hard in his pants but it was difficult.
John felt sick to his stomach at the thought of his mother finding out he’d gotten into a fight. He doubted that his father would say much about it. Mr. Watson pretty much spent more of his time working and if he wasn’t working he was sitting in front of the television drinking beer.
“I’ll give you just what I want. No one tells me what to do.” Sherlock said. “I suggest you watch your mouth around me.”
John reluctantly lifted the bag higher. He knew that would make it go a bit faster but it would make it hurt a bit more. Sherlock let out a scared gasp when he heard the clamp unsnap. Almost instantly water started rushing into him.
John decided to wait by the pickup area and see if Victor was there waiting. Through the crowds, he spotted Victor walking towards a black car.
Sherlock watched with interest as he watched John get picked up for school by his mother. The woman fussed over the young boy as she took his backpack from him. Sherlock could hear her asking about his day. She really seemed to interested in his activities.
Sherlock let out a little yelp of pain as the wolf squeezed his wrist. Of course, he knew his wolf would never really hurt him. There was a difference between pain and actually being hurt.
As cum erupted from his cock Sherlock fell limp against the mattress. His own body felt completely drained. All Sherlock could do was whimper in pain as John fucked him with as much force as he could muster. The wolf was using all his strength to plow Sherlock's ass without a break.
There was no way he could let it go on. It couldn’t start happening again. There was no way his mind and body could handle it.
Sherlock’s mother had stayed home with him most of the week to make sure he wasn’t in too much pain and didn’t hurt himself by accident.
“What if I don’t?” Sherlock asked.
“I see,” the Headmaster said. “Well, I will be dealing with Sherlock. He’s no stranger to my office. I do have to punish you, John. I understand you will acting in self-defense but it seems you got a bit carried away.”
“I didn’t tell Sherlock to do any of that,” he cried. “I didn’t want him to bother you.”
Sherlock let out a cry of pain as John started to push the toy inside. The pre-teen could already feel it was a bigger toy. There was no way it going to fit.
The doctor shook his head. He had no idea what he was going to do.
“Come on John,” he said shuffling his shoes. “I didn’t think you’d actually…”
“I’m..f..fine,” he stuttered. “Look...can…I need to be alone.”
“I do this because I love you,” his mother said as she delivered the final blow. “This is for your own good Sherlock.”
John quickly yanked the bag up higher as he heard Mrs. Holmes walking back into the bedroom. Sherlock let out a pain-filled yelp as more water rushed in.
“That doesn't mean you get to be an arse,” the older boy said.
“Leave him alone Sherlock,” the other boy said.
Sherlock knew he shouldn’t have eaten that much food. That was the largest amount of food he’d eaten at once in months. He walked down to the bathroom and peeked around the room. There didn’t seem to anyone else in the room. He walked into one of the stalls and closed the lock with shaking hands.
“Alright,” she said setting the hairbrush down. “Paddle time.”
“I don’t need your pity,” Sherlock said standing up.
John didn’t want to him Sherlock angry by just showing up at his house. It felt a little weird just showing up at someone’s house.
Sherlock whimpered, hands gripping at the bedsheets as John fucked him harder, desperate to get as much of his dick inside him as he could. The bunny began to struggle to get away from painful fucking.
“I don’t know how your parents deal with you,” John said as he started hitting him again.
“Ah, a friend I see,” he said. “Are we you still headed to Sherlock’s home?”
“Please!” he cried loudly, twisting on his lap as he was hit again. “It hurts!”
For the next week, John and Sherlock seemed to be the only thing their classmates talked about. Apparently, a lot of kids didn’t like Sherlock because of his smart mouth and were grateful that John had put him in his place. He didn’t brag about it but he was enjoying the warm way people were treating him.
Sherlock smirked and "accidentally" overshoot her marble. It rolled over the dirt and under his bench. She giggled and ran over. He pretended to ignore her as she dove under the bench.
“Your mother gave me permission to deal with you and I think this is the perfect time,” he said.
Mrs. Holmes picked up the empty red back and headed to the bathroom. Sherlock gave his friend a sympathetic look. John walked over to the bed and sat down on the edge of the bed.
“Come on,” Sherlock said before Victor could form words.
John didn’t know what to say or do. Sherlock seemed fine to him. He didn’t seem sick. When they returned to the flat he began to feed Rosie her lunch while watching the news.
His own mother cleaned a hotel at night and his father waited tables at a restaurant. They had a small flat that was nice but nothing too fancy.
“I’m...I’m worried about you,” John said softly.
Sherlock rolled onto this stomach. Even though he was scared about what was going to happen he was still excited. He remembered how painful it had been during John’s last rut.
The consulting detective did his best to dismiss the thoughts as he scrolled through his email. He needed to find another case. It’d been a week since he’d finished his latest murder case. He’d had a few nights sleep and some good meals. It was time to go back to work.
John sighed setting the book on the coffee table. Sherlock was looking at him with a raised eyebrow.
Sherlock could see his friend was struggling and clearly in a lot of pain. He was just better at holding it in. No doubt he didn’t want to face the pain of one his mother’s spankings.
John wanted to talk to Sherlock about what had happened. He wanted him to know he didn’t have any bad feelings about what happened and hoped they could move on. Maybe even be friends. After a week Sherlock still hadn’t returned. He was starting to get worried about the amount of damage he had done to him. He had no way to find out how badly he had hurt him.
The case was solved. Two weeks of hard work and a guilty man was behind bars.
Bulimia. Anorexia b/p subtype. ENDOS.
“Stop all that crying,” his father said pounding into his behind with the wooden paddle. “I was doing this at your age and my father would never have allowed all that noise.”
Megan could hear her son and John talking in his room. If she was going to give Sherlock an enema she might as well take care of John as well. Dr. Watson claimed you can’t give enough enemas.
“I can’t!” he screamed. “I’m too sore. Give me a break. Please just take a break.”
Mrs. Holmes walked out of the room, leaving the two of them alone. John used the chance to lower the bag a bit.
“Why?” Sherlock asked jumping up from the bed. “I’m not sick.”
If the case went on for too many days John would intervene and insist he at least eat some milk and toast.
The tears were flowing freely by the time he had taken the whole bag. Mrs. Holmes carefully removed the nozzle and let him go to the bathroom. As much as John hated her enemas he was willing to take them if it meant seeing Sherlock get spankings.
John couldn’t believe how sexy Sherlock looked. His stomach and chest were covered in dry and fresh cum. His face was bright red and covered in tears and snot. His little bunny was breaking.  John’s cock throbbed in anticipation of cumming again.
“What’s the big deal?” he asked. “Josh is a loser.”
“For the way I act,” he said, forcing fake tears out of his eyes. “I really don’t mean to cause trouble.”
“I’ll be right down,” Sherlock said before sliding the book into his pocket.
“Mum!” Sherlock shouted. “It hurts!”
This was something that he needed to keep under control.
Sherlock didn’t say anything. He buried his face in the pillow as he tried to hide from the world. He’d never felt so alone in his life. Everyone was going to find out about this. There was no way he could handle the shame. Everyone would try to “help” him but they would just make it worse.
“Thanks,” John said. “I’ll keep an eye on it.”
“I know,” John said. “Try taking a few deep breaths. They aren’t that bad.”
Sherlock felt so ashamed of himself. He was hiding in his room like a child. He just wanted to be alone with his thoughts. Nagging at him wasn’t going to help. Would John call Mycroft if he didn’t talk to him? There was no way he could face his brother. Perhaps talking to his friend would be the better choice.
Sherlock was riddled with guilt that was taking over him. John had apologized to him for assuming he had an eating disorder without any real evidence.  With each word, his friend spoke Sherlock felt the knot in his stomach tighten. Why was John doing this? Was this some kind of trap to make him admit the truth. It didn't seem that way. John really seemed angry with himself. Why was the doctor being so naive?. He had to know he was right. Sherlock had a problem and he needed help. His mind was screaming at him to tell John the truth but he couldn’t force the words out of his lips.
He looked for his roommate through his half-closed eyelid, finding him in the middle of the dance floor. The dark-haired teen was dancing, his eyes closed, focused only on his body and the music. Some of his curls have come free from his gelled hair, bouncing on his forehead as he moved. John felt his breath caught in his chest, mesmerized at the sight of Sherlock's wave of hips, the fluid movement of his shoulders. As when he was conducting an experiment, or playing a particularly complicate piece on his violin, Sherlock was oblivious to the world, totally focused and very, very attractive.
“Are the stars a requirement for a cuddle to be romantic?”
He found a relatively calm spot at the side of the crowd, leaned against the showcase of a closed shop, and resolved himself to wait until the end of the firefighter intervention to go back to his experiment.
“We've agreed on a 'no experiment' rule on the kettle, Sherlock!” John slammed his fist on the table, making the plates clatter. “God! I'm going to strangle you! And I swear I'm going to do it slowly and with great pleasure!”
Sherlock only frowned deeper, finding John’s gleeful smile infuriating. Sherlock knew the teenager was pleased with their costumes and was in a hurry to show them around at the party, but honestly, Sherlock didn’t see what was incredible neither with his own nor with John’s costume. Sure, his coat was kind of nice, the burgundy color marching Sherlock’s costume, and John had neglected his monthly visit to the hairdresser, letting hair strands slightly wave around his face. But why did the chestnut colored pant had to be cut short? Plus, the October night was chilly, and John only wore flesh-colored ballet slippers with fake hairs glued over. It was rather impractical. And couldn’t he stop playing with that fake gold ring already?
John practically stumbles of exhaustion when he enters the flat. His scared shoulder is crying in pain; he is thirsty and a he has a throbbing headache. Through the curtains the sky is pink and purple, a new day already starting, ending a night of nightmare.
“But why do we have to be disguised?” he whined, pulling on his own garment. John had made him wear deep red tights, paired with a breastplate with articulated scales on his torso, and a ridiculous cape tied to his arms to make it look like wings. The blond teen had even groomed his hair with gel to flatten his curls against his skull! But at least the lenses company has been out of stock of the gold and red lenses John had tried to order. Thanks Halloween consumerism craziness for small mercies.
He curled even tighter on the sofa and sighed, pulling his hair in exasperation. What was the problem with him? Feeling depressed because a pretty boy had called him “weird”? Big deal, he was hearing that since he had started school, why would it be different with that one?
“Sure? I've crossed path with Anderson, a guy of the 3rd floor, and he was yelling they should find us hotel rooms as the firefighters were going to spend the night here.”
Even in the dim light, John saw Sherlock's expression shift through surprise, confusion, and then excitation. His eyes brighten in sudden fever, and the chill John felt running from head to toe wasn't caused by the wind when he looked at the exalted grin appearing on the detective face.
“You know, Mike - that’s my roommate - told me that fire evacuation was a common practice on this building. Apparently, there is a weird dude living in the 2nd floor who does extra smelly experiments and often makes things explode or burn at the middle of the night. Apparently he is a still a student, but he fancies himself as a kind of private detective. Names Shertyl or something. Ever heard of him?”
“Well, ok, if you said so...”
“Well”, mused Sherlock “I've didn't seen any DVD box, so it can be a good- hey, watch out! “
Sherlock looked as John opened and closed his fists in rapid succession.
“No I think you're afraid of novelty, but secretly want someone to make you come out of you comfort zone. You want to go on an adventure, and if you trust yourself, you'll be surprised by your own strength.” As John opened his mouth to protest, she stopped him by adding: "Furthermore, you’ve costumed your flatmate as one of the most iconic characters of the quest. You’ve literally paired yourself with the most powerful creature of Middle Earth. Do you think what it said to me? That you find him as dangerous as gorgeous, so much that you think he is inaccessibe.”
“We're trapped!”
Sherlock continued to glare at the man’s back, his chin raised in indignation.
“Fair point”, conceded John, “But we can't spend the night here. Do you think that if I tried to make S.O.S. signals with my flashlight someone will see it? Or I can try to let myself slip into one of the ventilation duct?”.
So, let's rather talk about John, shall we?
“But John! I've cooked breakfast!”
Still sit on the sofa, Irene looked as John made his way to Sherlock and whispered:
Sherlock reluctantly got up, following her as she stepped out of his flat. She was already leading him down the stairs, toward the entrance of the building. On his way down, Sherlock crossed paths with a firefighter: a heavily-equipped woman knocking on every door on the floor. A powerful smell of burning was already filling the corridors.
Irene only smirked knowingly. It was obvious for anyone with eyes that the two roommates were mad for each other. But Sherlock was shy, and John obstinate. A desperate case without a little help, and Irene would gladly fill the role of the fairy godmother.
“He is gorgeous John. Do you want him to be catched by someone else?”
“Well, no vampire tonight, there will be orcs, elves, dwarfs and hobbits! I think Greg had a great idea with this Hobbit theme party!”
“You are incredible,” whispered John. He realized suddenly what he said out loud, and both teen blushed spectacularly, before turning away from each other. Sherlock's hears were burning and he forced himself to breathe calmly, glancing at John when the teen forcibly cleared his throat.
He was nervously clenching his fist when he entered the restaurant, easily finding the detective alone at one of the most secluded tables.
They barely made back home before Sherlock was all over him, kissing frantically the skin he revealed little by little, unfastening layers and making buttons pops open one after the other.
“I don't see what you are implying”, grumbled John.
They sat down at the foot of one of the electrical cabinet, bringing the skirts of their cloak around them in order to be protected from the strong wind. Sherlock immediately put his hands under his chin, closing his eyes as he went to his mind palace to review the evidence they collected so far.
“Cooking is basic chemistry,” replied Sherlock with pedantry.
Engrossed, he didn’t remark when Irene let go of Kate’s lips, and turned at him with a serious face.
“Ok, that’s enough for the Hobbit references, I think,” said John, trying to calm her. Booze was obviously striking, and Irene had a habit to let her match matching tendency expand when she was drunk.
After some minutes at gazing at the other party goers, Sherlock gradually realized how much effort John had put on their costume. Even without a lot of money (all pieces of their costumes were DIY, or came from second-hand shops), John had wanted them to fit the theme, and had succeeded with flying colours. Normally, Sherlock wouldn't bother to fit and participate in teenage reunion. It was especially true during Halloween time: since his childhood, a lot of children had made fun of him, often repeating that “Sherlock’s don’t need to disguise himself as he is already a freak!”. But tonight John had wanted them to match, and more importantly, had wanted Sherlock to fit in.
This time, the man turned back, but only to send them a dark glare and mumbling something rude about disrespectful teenagers standing in the way. John stepped in front of Sherlock before the passionate dancer could say something even ruder in return.
Sherlock snored in disdain. “Well, Anderson is an idiot, so I'm not surprised by the ineptitude of his affirmation.”
“You know what I always said: a costume is always a self portrait.”
And if, judging by the tightness of his jeans around his thighs and his jumper around his arms, the boy had muscular limbs, then Sherlock had nothing to say against that.
“Oh no, grandma had swore that it was the last year she did those things!”
Either way it felt… good. John’s hand was warm and a bit smaller than his own, and Sherlock felt calluses brush against his skin when they slightly bumped into each other.
“All your jumpers are your favorite! There is no point to talk about 'favorite' anymore!”
Oblivious to Sherlock's thoughts, the blond boy was scratching his neck, looking for a new conversation topic. He opened and closed his mouth a couple of time before talking.
John was already to the input of the second floor when Sherlock finally reached him.
Sherlock kept looking at him in bemusement before offering “Is there something I can do?”.
Sherlock almost made a comment about the pot calling the kettle black, but remembered the state of his slippers, and decided not to drag conversation around the topic of ridiculous clothes.
Tonight, even more than laterly, Sherlock found himself amazed by John’s behaviour toward him. The teen was always so kind, so conscious about was other may thinks of Sherlock. He was never shy to call Sherlock amazing, and fiercely defended him again any malicious attacks. Sherlock absentmindedly chewed his lips, trying to dismiss the familiar pang in his chest every time he realised that John mad done remotely kind to him. It was a never-ending war with himself, to remind that they were friend, good friends, and that nothing positive would emerge from a change of that situation.
“Ok, I don't want to know.”
A metallic sound echoed on the air. Sherlock turned, his coat whooshing around him as he yelled.
“Sorry, what?”
The boy seemed dubious and Sherlock felt a pang of anger. He could hear Lestrade's voice in his head telling him to stop to showing off, but he couldn't help it. The doubtful tone only pushed him harder to show the boy that he could do much more than deduce the length of a fire operation.
“Not mine
“I’m… I’m bisexual, in fact. But for the rest yeah, everything is true.”
“Where's the tea?”
Mrs. Hudson left his side to look for Mrs. Turner, another widower of the building, in an attempt to have more information about the whole mess. Sherlock choose to avoid the bigger group of neighbors who were talking, standing together in various states of undress. He wasn’t a very friendly person and his habits of playing violin at the wee hours of the morning hadn’t increased his popularity in the vicinity. Moreover, Mrs. Hudson had been right when she pointed out that it wasn’t his fault “this time”, as he had quite the reputation to be the one who started fires frequently with his experiments. That was why he had simply turned off his fire alarm. Maybe he owed his life to his only friendly neighbor.
“It will be easier that way.”
“So to be clear, for the moment you have under the tree a scarf from your grandma, book from your mom, smelly bath products from your aunt, and shoes from Clara. Just keep clear of that and you’ll be fine.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. Why did everyone have to be this stupid? He found the frame of the man in the crowd.
Sherlock’s tall stature was waving at him from the other side of a compact group of tourist. Their guide had made them walk straight between the two teenagers, and they were now separated by a mass of foreigners excitingly flashing their cameras.
The boy’s words took a moment to reach his mind. Sherlock turned toward the blond with an incredulous face.
“Easier said than done...”
Sherlock nodded, carefully avoiding pointing that was exactly what the other teen had said the year before, and the year before that one. In fact, it was what John had said every year since Sherlock had been friend with the young rugby player. Why John kept being late was beyond his comprehension: his sister's birthday was the 22
“Right. So, maybe I can get her a new DVD or something? They may have some Doctor Who Christmas sales mayb- oh, sorry.”
“What are you thinking about?”
The blond turned his head, following Sherlock's gaze. The dark haired man was standing a couple of feet away, a frown on his face. At his side, a dark skinned woman was rubbing her arms, trying to warm herself. She was wearing a short sleeved t-shirt, the shoulder falling low on her petite frame.
“Define momentarily.”
“Yeah!” the exclamation was completely sincere “you’ve really guessed that only from her shirt and deodorant?”
The young man looked back at his experiment.
“Are you going to be a party pooper all night?”
“Ok. Sure. Well… I’ll, hum, keep that in mind.”
At that time, their relationship was still new. The sexual tension had slapped only some weeks ago, both tired to pretend to still want nothing more than a friend relationship. After a nerve-wracking case, the kiss they had share at the bottom of the stairs had opened the gate for a long discussion.
He didn't need to ask though.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes but allowed himself to relax back down.
Turning his head, the doctor looked at him quizzically. "Alright?"
“Go,” Sherlock had said, nodding to the door, the other side of which Lestrade would be waiting.
He wanted-
Sherlock nodded.
The doctor almost looked surprised. "I can if you want," he said. "Do you want me to?"
~ 3 ~
"Oh god, yeah. That's... good."
He startled as the doctor got once more to his feet.
“Hey, I did it once, I can do it again.”
A brief lingering tap on the doorframe and then the doctor was gone, his footsteps uncharacteristically heavy on the stairs.
A hand stretching towards his shoulder without actually touching.
was what all of this was about, and
The hand was cool when he took it, then his left hand was entwined with the doctor's right, and his right was around the doctor's shoulder, the doctor's left across his lower back. It was nothing more than a standard hold with some gentle sway, but, other than the kiss, it was the closest they had bodily been.
"But I am them as well," Sherlock continued. "Henry Arthur Sherlock. Edwin Sherlock George Holmes. Sherlock Charles Havering. I am all of them, but I am still me, and you are still mine.
"You're singing."
“Come on, they love an underdog here, and Watson’s proving there’s still bite to him.”
"So, good?"
"Holmes," I said, "I must confess that there is something else about me that I have not told you. It is something of great importance that I should have informed you of before now, but in truth I feared your reaction."
, and was this what everyone else talked about and joked about when they spoke about sex, because if it was then how, how could it be, because this was so much, so very
SHERLOCK!
“Holmes doesn’t appear to be paying any attention to the crowd as he wipes his face and gathers himself for his next serve. Which goes long. Holmes steadies himself, bounces the next ball, once, twice, then serves. Watson returns, Holmes backhand down the line, Watson chases, Holmes backhand down the middle, Watson gets it and what a return there from Watson. Backhand, pushed as wide as it could go and Holmes had no chance.”
There was movement from the other side of the wall. Footsteps, running water and then a brief clunk of metal against metal. He waited. The footsteps retreated.
Beneath him Sherlock looked the very image of debauchery. Back arched, mouth open, pupils blown, spent cock already showing signs of recovery. The fire light added a glow to his skin. The long legs begged to be thrown over a shoulder. Relaxed by the chemicals in John's saliva, everything about him screamed to be pinned down and taken.
The doctor's expression softened from amusement to something else completely, something almost predatory.
"Of course I would stop!" The doctor tapped at the armrest of the chair then ran his hand over his face. "Look," he said, "I'm a lot of things. God knows you're not exactly seeing the best of me, but I am
The words were quiet, almost sorrowful, but completely sincere. "Me and Harry. We weren't perfect. Far from it in fact. We argued. We cursed. We lost our tempers. We could go months without even seeing each other. He could get caught up in his work. I sometimes needed more than he could give. He called me an idiot. I called him a fool. The age thing, I won’t lie, it was sometimes an issue. But we made it work.
"Ceud mìle fàilte ," the doctor corrected smoothly. "A thousand welcomes."
If there is one drawback to reawakening the memories of all the men Sherlock has been, it is that the process inevitably changes the man he currently is. It would be impossible for it not to. What is a man, after all, but a sum of his memories and experiences?
"The second bedroom is locked and you've been sleeping on the sofa. Why?"
His mind stopped. Why think when he could feel? When he could feel this?
"Fuuuucck."
A close up shot; thinning hair nearly all silver, eyes ringed with age and laughter.
Transferring from Toronto to Cincinnati and then to Manhattan, they had kept the same setup. He and Sherlock were sharing a two bedroomed suite, with Lestrade in another room nearby. If anyone asked or checked the hotel records, then it was Sherlock and Lestrade who were sharing, but no one would ask, and they were paying more than enough for discretion and no questions asked.
"You’ve got petrol," he said absently before his brain caught up with his mouth.
of practical experience for two.
There was no sign of human life, and it occurred to Sherlock that perhaps the doctor would have known this. He could well have been aware of how far someone would have to travel before finding civilisation.
He was of the belief that a person's book and music collection could tell you a lot about them. This collection was diverse and confusing; recordings of all fourteen Gilbert and Sullivan collaborations owned by the same person who knew and appreciated the lesser known works by Paganini?
He frowned suddenly looking across to find Sherlock looking back at him expectedly.
It was not necessary to have made a study of handwriting or be an accredited forensic document examiner to determine that.
"No, I felt it best to leave the authorities out altogether, but also could not leave this individual to continue his terrible acts."
He had been cold for so long that he had forgotten what it was like to be warm; to be fed and content, wrapped in the arms of someone who loved him. To know he was safe, to be able to let his guard down, even for a moment.
And it would never be his.
"Come on, you should get back to bed."
John made a sound that couldn’t be classified as entirely affirmative.
Eyes narrowing, Sherlock returned to the kitchen to wash up his plate and mug.
"Gal-leck," the doctor corrected the pronunciation almost absently. "And yes. But you already knew that."
"I'll go first," Sherlock decided. "Now."
There, he had said it.
So, penetration.
Other siblings? Even half siblings? What were they like? Did the doctor know any of them? Were any of them like him? Would it be rude to ask further?
He closed his eyes, willing himself to breathe deeply. Mind over matter. It was just transport.
"Yes."
“This okay?” he asked.
But the doctor liked him. Liked him enough to abduct him. Had told him how much he liked him. Then even though he had tried to escape, the doctor hadn't been angry, had just come to find him as he said he would, and waited patiently for him, and had bought him steak as a treat for dinner.
"Mackenzie," Sherlock suddenly said. "One of the clans around here you said."
This was the part he hadn't been looking forward to, the part where Sherlock remembered how his previous life had ended, why he had died.
He pressed his lips together, for some reason unwilling to let the confirmation pass his lips.
"I don't know what you want from me and I have... little experience to draw on. Mutual agreement, you said. Active and willing participation. Activities of a sexual nature. But what activities? What will you do? What do you actually expect from me?"
The hands shifted, stroking over his calves, the outside of his thighs, more of a caress than a massage. They warmed the skin, stimulating blood flow, but never teased, avoiding areas of greater sensitivity.
Sherlock waited. He had agreed, he had signed, the doctor was going to get what he had set out to get.
Sherlock said nothing.
He shrugged again, reluctant to admit that in truth he had no idea who they were. "They seemed as good a choice as any."
The records didn't take too long to finish sorting after that, even with him meticulously going through both the new additions and the original collection searching for clues about the owner.
“Aren’t you interested in what she said to me?” he said instead.
“It’s fine,” he said quickly, for a brief moment wondering what he would do, how he would feel if he couldn’t be seen in public with Sherlock. They weren’t out officially as a couple – a conversation they had yet to have and not something he really wanted to consider at present – but their friendship and partnership on court did allow them a little more flexibility than most. They weren’t, for one, the centre of tabloid attention.
"No, do not look at me like that," he declared. "You of all people should be aware of my methods."
"I prefer guest."
Bees have encouraged mathematical speculation for two millennia, since classical scholars tried to explain the geometrically appealing shape of honeycombs. It is a truth mathematically proven that there are only three geometrical figures with equal sides that can fit together on a flat surface without leaving gaps; equilateral triangles, squares and hexagons.
He lifted it carefully from its silken cradle, marvelling at the smooth maple wood body, darkened with age. It was a beautiful piece of workmanship, elegant, stylish, precise, a piece of art in its own right. Early 18th century. Italian. Spruce, willow and maple. Deep colour. Powerful arching. Extended f-holes. Intricate purfling. Delicate tracery.
“And the double break from Holmes. He’s now taken four games in a row and this match could be all over very shortly.
He fumbled for the bedside lamp until with a click soft light cut through the oppressive darkness. A glance at his watch said it was still early. Very early in fact. Too early.
The words commanded, so he slowly stilled, sinking into a deeper state, of sleep without dreams. And he slept.
The doctor raised his eyebrows and quirked his lips. “Can’t you deduce it?” he asked, his teasing tone tempered by the small, soft smile that inexplicably spoke of fondness and affection. It was a far cry from the scornful mockery he got when he revealed his 'trick' at university.
"Yes."
“Lovely shot there by Zhi Zhu. Trademark precision, lots of power.”
He stared at the man but made no other sign of comprehension.
He bolted upright, eyes wide but unseeing, chest tight as he sucking in deep lungfuls of cool air. His heart thudded; in his chest, in his throat, in his ears, deafening in its loudness.
"Just relax, Sherlock. Do that for me. Relax and if you can, bare back. Okay?"
“Really?”
Sherlock is his human “soulmate”. Always wanted to do a soulmate story as well. Again, just never expected it to be this one.
“What?” Sherlock said, his eyebrows pulling together in the way they did when something wasn’t quite adding up in his mind. “You’re smiling. Why are you smiling?”
Centre Court at Wimbledon was intimidating.
Something to live for.
He stayed for as long as he needed, then he stayed a little longer.
‘Oh’-ing, Sherlock rolled his eyes, but obligingly walked round the bed and took the offered hand. Lacing their fingers together, he sank to perch on the edge of the bed, holding John’s gaze all the while.
shouldn’t want it.
Leaning his head against the side window, he ignored the doctor's curious glance for staring at the headlight lit road.
Music - Queen "who wants to live forever".
They sat on a blanket on the grass away from the broch.
“What?”
"So, go on then," the doctor said as he took his seat, "tell me, what can you deduce?"
For the first time ever he found himself intensely aware of the other man; physically and sexually.
Come on, Watson, relax. It’s just another game.
“What makes you say that?”
"You want me," he whispered, because that was where all of this had started. "You want me. And I don't know- no one has ever-
Sherlock nodded, and then with nothing else to say, added, "My father used to make this. Mainly for mother, when she was having one of her moments. Sometimes for me or Mycroft as well."
Grieg wrote "Hall of the Mountain King" as incidental music for the sixth scene of Act 2 in Henrik Ibsen's 1867 play "Peer Gynt". The play is based on "Per Gynt", a Norwegian fairy tale.
"A little fast," the doctor said after a moment, "but nothing to be worried about. The water should help."
Unless the doctor didn't want him to return to the room quite so soon? It had come after mention of going back up, so that would follow. Sherlock had spent a considerable number of hours alone up there and it had been previously observed that the doctor was bereft of company in general, even going to great lengths to kidnap someone. His mood could be considered more melancholy than even the day before, his body language increasingly weary. Company was what he was craving.
"I didn't want to dance at first. The bee conundrum felt to be within my grasp, but you were insistent, and it had been so long."
you."
Fire followed; the smell of rubble after a bombing raid, of a musket just after it’s fired, of London choking on open fireplaces, of the flames that licked through an ancestral home, of a castle set alight by the soldiers in red.
The answer given by the Old Man of the Mountain is: Out there, where sky shines, humans say: 'To thyself be true'. In here, trolls say: 'Be true to yourself and to hell with the world.'
Then they were tumbling to the bed, an array of loose limbs and gasping mouths.
A small part of him really wished that he hadn't been.
“We ignore this,” Sherlock continued. “We let him play his petty little games and we ignore him.”
A shiver ran down his spine at the words.
He stood for a moment, watching the view, the faint ripples on the surface of the loch, the mated kestrels circling above. Closing his eyes he could almost see it as he had once known it, bustling with life, all people and animals, shouts and screams, the farrier hammering away, the women with the washing, children playing, Mrs MacEwan shouting her displeasure as one of them stole an apple.
“Another good, solid service game there from Watson. Only the one point conceded to Zhi Zhu. That last volley was another beauty, a shot Watson has certainly honed as part of the doubles in Toronto.”
What had that really been all about? That was the question, wasn’t it? It wasn’t just about what he couldn’t have, was it? It was also about him; about the part of him that he had tried to ignore; the part of him that was wrong.
He opened his eyes as the doctor drew away.
The video ended with a caption, just seven simple words.
“Fair enough,” John said with a laugh as he retreated back into the bedroom. “The blue shirt it is.”
"Any relation?"
He grabbed the towel and scrubbed it over his face and arms. God it was hot. So much hotter than Wimbledon.
This was another factor he had considered extensively.
Alright. He was alright. He may have been drugged, kidnapped by an old vague acquaintance and brought to the middle of nowhere by someone who apparently wanted him in some way that may or may not be sexual in nature, but so far he was fine. The doctor had not moved to touch him, other than to check his pulse, and had in fact remained rather nonchalant about the whole thing.
Take his time? Okay, he could do that, breathing deeply to make sure that no more blood needlessly rushed anywhere. There was plenty of time for rushing later, apparently.
“Ready?” he was asked.
Sherlock came in just over an hour later, animated about something inane one of the reporters had apparently said to him. He complained profusely, dropped his stuff all over the place and looked so alive that John suddenly knew exactly what his decision would be.
Then it bleeped again.
Sherlock considered the instrument. Without a bow he was limited in what he could play, but slipping the violin under his chin, he closed his eyes and started to pluck. He was a little surprised when what came out was Edvard Griegs'
"Should I be?" the doctor asked, still with that almost frustrating mildness.
Sherlock looked so pleased at that that John couldn’t help but reach out to catch his hand and squeeze it.
“You’ve never been the most luminous of players, but as a conductor of light you’re… unbeatable.”
“Liar.”
Well, cottage really, he corrected as he finally got a look at it from the outside. White walls, slate roof, despite the utter remoteness it had been kept in top condition.
For a moment, Sherlock looked round, confused as to which of the other occupants the stranger was addressing, but then, much to his shock, the newcomer was heading in their direction and the doctor was rising to his feet.
Breathing out, the doctor gave him one last look over before turning back to the house, hands in packet as he went. The house door closed behind him.
"Well, my apologies. Can't be sounding like him," the doctor said with a wry smile. "I thought we could go for a walk," he continued. "Fresh air, exercise, a view."
“Who?”
They shared a delicious meal at the light of the candle dutifully brought by a smillng Angelo, finishing with a decadent chocolate cake that tinted their kiss in a rich cacao flavor.
Molly's face fall slightly. John elbowed Sherlock with a glare before turning toward the girl.
Sherlock took a second to gather his thoughts before charging in one go:
“Do you think it’s going to take long?” asked the blond boy after a moment “I’m new in this neighborhood, I don’t know the protocol here.”
Mycroft finally had to grab his arms to prevent him to harm the surgeon when the man tried to refuse him the access to Sherlock's room. The posh man spoke softly to the surgeon, obviously playing of his influence in the British Government, until the man agreed to let John go to Sherlock's room. Without even a word of thanks, John was out in the hospital hallways.
They never went for a romantic stroll on the pack, hand in had. But they had hectic chases after renowned criminals, fit of giggles at crime scene and bickers about the appropriate place of body parts in a fridge. As everything they did together, it was
There has been a fight, then the glint of gun, the echo of a shoot, and Sherlock on the ground, Sherlock and all the blood…
“Did I guess anything wrong?”
“I was trying to be delicate, John. I'll be indelicate then: do you want Sherlock to shag you tonight?”
“When the fire alarm started you obviously put your clothes on in a hurry, but stayed inside the building in order to help, long enough that the fireman had to pull you away for you own safety. You have been restless since then, indicating a will to go back. You want to help, even by neglecting your own safety, indicating you’re adrenalin junky, if I had to say.
He turned on his heel, as Sherlock whined like it would change anything.
“Of course. Unpractical, and with a fairly highly percentage of failure, but still brilliant. And because I don't plan to stay the night neither here nor in the A&E, I'm simply going to call Lestrade to tell him to fetch us.”
Shaking himself, Sherlock resumed looking at the other teens. His eyebrow raise as a pathetic excuse of a dragon made his ways to the dance floor. The boy had applied brown make up on his face, making him look like he had felt on a pile of mud before coming to the party. His costume consisted on a cheap plastron obviously coming from a knight costume and a nylon cape messily cut to make it look like wings.
Sherlock took a deep breath. Molly, a university comrade, was always saying that he was sexy in his purple shirt. No time like the present to test that theory.
But, as in any other part of their relationship, romantic or not, things developed faster and weirder than John could have anticipated.
“I haven't broken it, strictly speaking. I was conducting an experiment about the thickness of fluid regarding the boiling temperature, and I may have made a slight miscalculation about the electric resistance... “
Sherlock tilted his head, letting a glimpse of a smile appearing on his lips.
Joining his will to calm Irene, Kate leaned at the girl side, pulling a playful kiss on her lips.
“No shit,” answered John, his tone a bit more sharp than intended.
“The dragon seems awoken tonight. Ready to let him step into your tresor chamber?”
They resumed running, taking the stairs two by two, hurtling on the roof by the heavy access door left open by the burglar. They separated to look for the suspect, slowly making their ways between chimneys and electrical cabinet
“Gosh, Sherlock, I don't even know what to say,” he babbled honestly.
That meant that John had wanted to find him, and so had to ask for Sherlock's flat number, because Sherlock hadn’t put his name on his door, only letting the gold 221 hang. So surely the other neighbors had been so happy to told John about his worst habits, and yet he had persevered, had found him and was now asking him for a coffee.
Both engrossed with each other, they didn't hear the fireman coming back, and the man had to clear his throat a couple of time before catching their attention.
“Not now, Mrs. Hudson” he dismissed. “This experiment needs constant monitoring. You can’t come here and-“
“I know what I said, Sherlock”, snapped John. His companion shuddered at his side, his eyes worried under his wild mass of dark auburn curls. John seemed to catch himself and winced. He sighed deeply and came again. “Sorry. It's just... I know I should have come sooner. With all these people, it will be hard to find a gift for Harry.”
He halted immediately, gazing at his visitor. Still wearing jeans, but with a yellow jumper even more horrible that the night before, hand still raised and a surprised expression on his face, was the blond boy.
But it was obvious that it was all an act, and their inability to regain a natural relationship wasn't helping. John was unusually abrasive and prone to outburst, while Sherlock was unnaturally silent and careful around him, resulting a constant tense atmosphere between the two teens.
“But he is, Irene. A mythical creature, feared and worshiped at the same time. How could I ever compete? Can you picture it? Who am I but a small hobbit, not even courageous enough to talk to the gorgeous dragon without the help of an invisibility device. How pathetic.”
So here they were, John, Sherlock, Greg and his team plus a couple of forensic team in backup, scanning a huge rubbish tip at the decreasing crepuscule light.
“So? She wears one of his shirts too. A pretty ugly one.”
John decided not to tell Sherlock about that time he had retrieved one of Harry's magazine too, because there was some poster of a footballer in a far more denuded way than in his own sports magazines. Yeah, and no need either to tell Sherlock that the said player had some curly dark hair, and a slender body to die for. No need at all.
Sherlock’s attention diverted and he turned back to look at the building.
He had spent the rest of the night at Sherlock side, holding his hand, caressing his dark curls with shivering fingers. The detective's face was as pale as the sheet he leaned on. But he was breathing peacefully, his chest heavily bandaged, the morphine preventing it to hurt and making him sleep.
He had moped on the couch all morning, and was considering getting up to retrieve his violin from his case and play some of his most depressing composition, when he heard a knock to his door.
“I've said 'hold my hand'.”
agreed because you have to make up for the jumper you 'accidentally' burned with that acid flask.”
The doctor took his cutlery in hand, but, still too amazed to proceed, he choose to take another look at the table. His gaze navigated through honey jars, an unopened can of his favorite jam, a pitcher of orange juice, his Royal Army Medical Corps mug of t-
“Three quarters of an hour,” repeated him.
Then Sherlock heard the sound of the steps whining when the boy stepped on the stairs. John was… he was walking downstairs. He wasn’t going back to his flat!
He sobered “I'll thinks about it, ok?”
John rolled his eyes as Sherlock extracted his phone from his coat with a smug smile, quickly dialing the DI's number.
Yes, if John was honest with himself, he hoped that their second time holding hand will be a little bit more romantic.
John took few steps back.
“Look, I think we’ve made quite a bad start. Please, let me introduce myself the proper way.” He stood up straight and Sherlock added military training as the list of his deductions. “I’m John Watson, your new neighbor from the 5th floor. I think you’ve deduced all that’s interesting about me, but I don’t know anything about you other than that you’re a student with a fondness for ultra shrill violin pieces at midnight and explosive experiments.
John ruffled his hair with a sigh.
John had quickly exfiltrated Sherlock and left Lestrade’s team deal with the furious said CEO as they took a cab to the next location.
“You've broken the kettle?!”
All clothes discarded on the floor but for, as Sherlock's demand, John new waistcoat, they shared heated and delicious lovemaking during the night. When John opened his eyes the morning of the 15th, body aching in all the good places and arms full of snoring and lanky detective, he couldn't repress a smile and he definitely changed his view about formal wear.
John feel his chest constrict. This small token of domesticity suddenly making him realizes what he could have lost today. Not only his best friend, but the man he loves, the man he chose to make his life with. Today, he could have lost the life they made for themselves. All their couple habits, all their games and little jokes, vanished in a second.
“Yeah? You think so?”
“Are you… mad at me?” asked Sherlock cautiously. “Because I’ve let him escape and you didn’t even had the chance to- “
But contrary to Lestrade's remarks, that he considered as the natural expression of a simple mind faced with his great intellect, the boy's praises had send shivers of pleasure and pride onto his body. Sherlock rarely felt attraction, and even more rarely indulged. But he felt that he wanted to learn more about this boy, if only to crack the gears of his mind.
“No, he did not,” muttered Sherlock “And this costume is ridiculous.”
Sherlock stayed silent, his smile still bright. Actually, a little bit too bright.
“But... Are you sure?”
He was pulled out of his reverie only when Sherlock gently pushed him so he could slide a perfect fried egg and a little half tomato on their plates.
“But Sherlock, haven’t you heard the alarm? There is a fire!”
Both boys turned as a feminine voice interrupted their bickering.
“Sherlock, what are you doing? We need to get out!”
The feeling lingered for a couple of hours, before blues eyes and a bright smile were coming back to his mind, the boy’s voice echoing on his head.
“I can tell that you have been living in London for some time, but your family comes from Scotland. You are conscious about your heritage, but more because of the poor state of your family finances than the geographic localization. I also know that you’ve played rugby for some time, but stopped to focus on your medical studies. An understandable choice of career as you have a serious knight-on-the-white-horse complex, doubled by a craving for adrenaline. I’ll end by saying that hiding your homosexuality is actually a good idea as the neighborhood isn’t actually gay friendly.”
John was brought back to present by a glint in the dim light. He identified the source after a few second: it was the glow of a gold wedding ring. He winced. It seemed that he has fund the new addition to Molly's growing collection of hand. He crouched, fighting the urge to puke and the memories of body parts jagged by bombs. Grabbing the hands with his own gloved ones, he got up and held them above his head.
“Precisely,” he said instead, “If she is comfortable enough in his flat to use his deodorant, she would have brought a change of clothes, or left some in his drawers. So, she is comfortable but tries to stay unnoticed: mistress it is.”
“His mistress?”
The detective met him as he entered the room, welcoming him with a profound kiss. John responded to the kiss with a delay, taken aback by this welcomed yet unusually early display of affection.
He skirted around the blond boy, stepped quickly toward the building entrance, and climbed the stairs two by two, stubbornly refusing to look back.
His only extravagance came from the pattern of his jumpers, and if a lot of people had called them ugly, nobody had ever called them formal.
And tonight, with the help of alcohol, he let himself fantasizing about the curves and angles of Sherlock dancing silhouette, imagining his hands on Sherlock wild curls, his body moving against him, his ragged breath on his ear...
asked me to come.”
Sherlock amusement was immediately replaced by an icy feeling. He looked John smile when the girl leaned more heavily on him, whispering on his ears. He looked at them dancing, closer and closer, with a storm on his head and a sour taste on is mouth. He scolded himself, forcing himself to detour his eyes from the dancing couple. After all, John had all right to be flirting. “The wildest night of the year” isn't what Irene had said earlier? So, Sherlock finished his drink in one go, bottled up his feelings, raised his chin and stepped into the mass of dancers, carefully avoiding John’s vicinity. The music was good, the gooze had been strong enough to mute a bit the desperate voice whaling in his head and Sherlock wanted nothing more than to dance into oblivion.
“Yes Mrs. Holmes,” he said taking her seat at Sherlock’s desk.
“I suppose,” John said snapping out of his thoughts.
He was so happy when he moved out. That meant he didn’t have to eat. It meant he didn’t have to put himself through the pain of making himself vomit. If anyone knew about his purging they never let on to it.
“I just wanted to say thank you,” he said, cleaning his tears with his shirt sleeve. “The spankings and enemas really do help me.”
Everything term he had been taught in medical school flew through his mind.
“Stop!” the rabbit cried as his lover finally rammed all his dick home.
Well, it would be time for work if he could find a job worth doing. He didn't care how desperate he was for a case. There was no way he was going to waste his time and skill on a dumb case.
John frowned and stepped away from the door.
“Try flipping the book the right way,” Sherlock said sitting down in his chair. “Might be better.”
John frowned as he watched his friend walk away. He knew he needed to trust Sherlock but he was a bit curious. If Sherlock was making himself sick this might be his only chance to catch him. Part of him felt guilty that he was even thinking this about his friend. Yet, he needed to know. If Sherlock wasn’t throwing up then he wouldn’t worry about it again.
For the most part, things were fine until about halfway through dinner. Sherlock was nearly done with his plate of chicken when he felt his stomach knot up.
“I will have to speak to his mother about his behavior,” Lestrade said reaching into a file cabinet. “I think the boy has deeper issues that need to be addressed. Perhaps it would be best not to allow him to return. He has a history with bullying other children.”
Something about the numbers stood out to him. There was something strangely familiar about them.
Sherlock hadn’t done it in so long but it seemed like it was the only choice he had.
Sherlock moaned and twisted under his lover with excitement at the thought of doing that. John smirked at the raw joy on his rabbit’s face. He dropped Sherlock’s wrist. He wouldn’t tie the rabbit down for this. He wanted to feel him fighting.
“I’m glad to hear it,” she said smiling at her son.
Sherlock’s passage felt tighter than ever. John needed to get his whole cock in there so he could start fucking him. He needed to slam into his lover as hard and as fast as he could. He needed to cause Sherlock pain. After all, it was the pain that his lover craved.
John smirked as he watched his son play on his swing set through the kitchen window. His old war buddy James Sholto was coming to stay a bit and was excited to meet Sherlock. He was coming to help give Sherlock his first enema and get him ready to lose his virginity. John had tried to give him one a few days before but Sherlock had screamed so horribly he couldn’t go through with it. Sholto gave his kids enemas all the time so he was more than happy to help. Of course, he had another reason for inviting his friend over. Showing off his darling little son had always been a passion of Johns and he knew James would love him.
Sherlock knew he couldn’t take another fucking like that. It seemed like John’s ruts got harder and harder to take.
“Of course not,” Vic said. “Don’t worry man. You know I’m not going to tell her.”
Could he throw his food back up? It was something he had promised himself he would never do again. He knew how dangerous it was for him to do.
“Now it’s John’s turn,” she said. “You can hold the bag for me, Sherlock. I just need to mix it up.”
Not him. Never him.
John’s heart was racing as he followed him. He was actually going to get to do this. It was like a great come true. Of course, he couldn’t let Sherlock on to the fact he enjoyed it. His friend would never let him live it down.He might even get angry with him. There was no way John wanted to lose his best friend over this.
The detective fell to his knees in front of the toilet. His heart began to race as he lifted the seat. Sherlock took a deep breath before opening his mouth. He slipped his finger down his throat and rubbed it against the back of his throat.
“Show them up,” Sherlock said feeling a wave of excitement.
He knew if John or Lestrade walked in that he would be caught. Sherlock could convince Lestrade he was sick or that something was wrong with the food but there was no chance of that with John. Yet it was a risk he was going to have to take. Sherlock knelt down in front of the toilet and stuck his fingers down his throat. His eyes stung as he began to throw up.
John let out a sigh of relief as the last of the water draining from the bag. At least Sherlock was done with the bag.
The young boy turned his head towards the voice that was calling him. His eyes widened with fear at the sight of him. Maybe he thought John was coming after him next.
“What happened this morning?” he questioned.
The teenager nodded as he took the paper from the Headmaster. He knew he was getting a very light punishment and should be grateful.
John couldn’t believe this. A driver? Did he say “day” driver? Did he have a “night” driver? The whole concept seemed so strange. It must be pretty expensive to have two private drivers.
“I don’t want to fall back,” he said, forcing more tears out. “I...I wanted to know if it would be alright for John to help.”
”I won’t do it,” he vowed.” I won’t do it. I can’t do it.”
Moving was starting to feel better but it still hurt. Sherlock picked up the float and grunted it as he put it on the drying rack with the others. He walked out of the pool room and headed up towards his bedroom.
Mrs. Holmes did feel some pity for her son. The poor boy always seemed to be getting a spanking but she knew it was for his own good. She wasted no time bringing the paddle down onto his raw backside.
Guilt overtook John as he walked up to the stairs to their flat. It was clear he was wrong. He and Anderson had jumped to conclusions without any real evidence. He really did owe Sherlock an apology. After all, he had jumped on him pretty hard without any proof.
“To see my teacher,” John said trying to hide his nervousness.
“Wow,” John said starting to feel ashamed of his own parents.
“Yes,” Sherlock said standing up. “Touch of the flu I suppose.”
“Ah!” he cried out as the toy slid all the way home. “Take it out!”
His mother had been very upset when she heard what had happened. At first, she’d been angry with John and wanted him expelled. Sherlock wasn’t going to allow that. He quickly told her the truth about what had been happening. Mrs. Holmes was disgusted at her son’s behavior. As soon as they got home from the hospital she had taken his Xbox One and PlayStation 4 out of his room. The items would only be returned once he had apologized to John.
Yes! It finally seemed he had a break in the case.
Sherlock let out a little cry before lying down over his father's lap. If he just went along with this it would be over quicker. John carefully lowered his son’s pajamas and underwear. He could just see the end of the butt plug peeking out between his cheeks.
Sherlock felt horrible all the next day. His new bedroom toy had kept him from getting much sleep. It was far too big and hurt. He had tried to masturbate but that hadn’t given him any relief. He had been extremely relieved when his father came in to put in his day time plug. It was a bit less intense and easier to handle.
Disappointment sunk in when he realized Sherlock wasn’t at home. After checking in with Mrs. Hudson he found out his friend was off on a case. Well, at least he wouldn’t be bored when he got home.  He would be in a better mood when John apologized to him for his actions.
Sherlock's brother carried her closer to him to play. She glanced over her shoulder to see the stranger walking away. She'd have to keep an eye out for him.
“I’m actually going to see him actually,” Victor said pointing to the car he was headed to. “I need to take him his homework.”
John decided to trust Victor about this. After all, he hadn’t done anything bad to him before. He followed the kid to the car. The two them climbed into the backseat. The driver looked over his shoulder at Victory and glanced at John.
