No longer distracted by his shadow, John gets down to some serious thinking while driving. He’s not an idiot, he knows he can't just walk in the front door of the manor; Moran will nail him between the eyes before he gets halfway down the drive. He’s also sure that Mycroft’s people have some sort of trace on his phone, but they seem content, as they had when he investigated the bunker, to let him do his thing. If they are following him now, he glances in the rear-view mirror, they are doing it by satellite and won't be able to interfere easily. He trusts that Mycroft will curb his desire to meddle, caring more that someone gets close enough to Sherlock to be able to rescue him.
"Nothing new 'ere," she sighs. "Still don't know if them meds are helping. He's still a total menace at nights. Just look at the bags under my eyes! Last night, I catched 'im sneaking out of the flat again; 'e said 'e were bored. It was all I could do to stop giving 'im a right wallop across the head. I mean, I'd
A silence develops which Lestrade uses to take a sip of his own coffee. The staff room has one of those Nespresso things, and Lestrade had nicked two of the decaf capsules for their beverages.
Sherlock reaches the wall, and spins on his heel to pace in the opposite direction. His hands have come up beneath his chin, in a prayer shape.
Sherlock shakes his head. "British reticence. I don't blame them. No one likes making a scene except me, it would seem."
"That's one thing he's been very clear about: he didn't scout anything out or apply for anything. They approached him. Got an old family friend who's involved with GOSH fundraising to lure him in."
Instinct makes John grab for the gun, but before he can get the window down, Moran grins and waves and the Porsche takes off in a hail of gravel. There’s a desperate impulse, even though he knows he’s well and truly out-horesepowered, to turn Mrs. Burkes car around and head after him. But if Moran is leaving, then …
“Now, what do we have here?” John moves further into the kitchen and picks up Moran's phone from the table. The screen is open to the surveillance feed on Baker Street. Two cameras active, one blank. “Look at that,” he turns the phone around to face Moran, “it’s us.”
Seeing John mirror that distance he'd been taught had been the blow that had broken Sherlock's hold on his emotions. As he'd put the violin down and left the envelope on the music stand, he'd gone down on the dance floor to say his goodbye, only to deduce the final nail in the coffin, Mary's pregnancy.
I follow instructions, smelling a hint of beer and not a lot else. I suppose that is the difference. Even though we're in the basement, the ambient scent is clean and fresh; all of the heady steakhouse aromas of the other restaurant are missing.
. They had relied on there being a 911 call to the Control Room, the dispatch of an ambulance, a normal admission through an emergency department—none of which had happened that night.
Laying his cheek back down carefully on the stone floor, Sherlock considers closing his eyes and letting the darkness just pull him under again but then, through the concrete, he feels the mechanical vibrations of a car approaching.
John grabs his keys and hurries downstairs while on the phone. He'd parked on a side street just around the corner. "There should be stuff at the flat he can take; he'll know what to pick, of course. If he's too out of it, just help him shove a paracetamol down every six hours. Just… don't give him any of the pseudoephedrine — Sudafed, I mean — it makes him too perky and then he
For a moment, John's concentration is derailed, as he tries to recall the next part of the conversation as it had taken place. Then he realises that Mycroft would have done his best to keep his relationship with Moran a secret. Admitting in public that one of his own agents had gone rogue on him was hardly going to help. Seething, he glares in Mycroft's direction. Trust him to put his own interests ahead of Sherlock's.
Edgar studies his expression, and his face falls a bit. "Before you make the wrong assumption, the legally obtained prescription is in my briefcase as well. If this worries you or John, I will gladly permit you to speak with my psychiatrist."
He had wanted it. Craved it. Received it. Now what? There was no denying that … that — what had just occurred between them — spelt the end for their relationship. As much as Sherlock might want something different, John had clearly demonstrated that what they had before was no longer on the table.
, because I can't predict that in advance, and I suspect a puzzle of many solutions will be needed," Sherlock freely admits. "It was John who brought it to my attention that leadership is not always about planning — that oftentimes, it's about reacting, and that there are not always right or wrong answers. I shall have to try my best and learn from my mistakes. That is all I have done here. If I fail, then at least I have tried instead of forever wondering if I could have succeeded."
Somehow, typing on a computer doesn’t work for you anymore. You haven't opened the laptop in two weeks, because you know that you won't be able to avoid the news sites, the social media hashtags. If they still resonate with his name and what happened, it will sicken you (even more than you are already). If they have gone silent, then that might be even worse. How could the world be so fickle, so shallow as to have destroyed someone so brilliant and then moved on? You can't move on; you're stuck in this limbo trying to deal with what had happened to Sherlock, his life so brutally destroyed by being exposed to the world, surrounded by lies and
God, how home beckons. If he has to pick up the extra shift, he can't even take one of the stronger painkillers left over from his shoulder injury. They've been getting him through the nights. He just wants a blanket and some crap TV, hopefully with Sherlock curled up with him on the sofa assuming the man won't be buried under a mound of research papers. John puts out three more voice mail messages to see if he can at least manage to find someone to take over later in the evening. Doomed to stay past office hours, he then heads down to the cafeteria to grab something to eat and a bottle of water; it's going to be a long night.
His wary attitude doesn't surprise Joanna. For most of his life, Sherlock has treated ASD as his darkest secret, concealing the way it affects his life often even from his partner. "How did your assistant respond to your reveal?"
There is a brief silence on the other end of the phone. Then she answers, “The post mortem was completed three hours ago; the body has been collected from the mortuary at St Bartholomew’s Hospital and taken to a funeral home in West Sussex. The media is calling it suicide, in light of the Sun’s exposé and the arrest warrant.”
“Then you succeeded in your ambition of going home from the wedding with someone to have sex with?” He puts it as mildly as he can. He is not adept at innuendo.
John is pleased to see his frantic energy visibly dissipating. The composition sounds modern and not very melodic, and he lingers by the doorway between the kitchen and the hall to listen and to give his husband a bit of space. Eventually, he makes his way to the bathroom, the serenade accompanying his evening routines. Sherlock moves onto some Schubert as John gets into bed — a slightly melancholy, yet oddly wishful piece more befitting bedtime.
Tonight's walk home detours to Sainsbury's for three carrier bags of ready-meals, tea bags, milk, laundry powder and whisky. As you head home, there is a scream of sirens and blue lights flashing on the main road. Old habits kick in, and your instinct is to run towards the danger. Then your heart sinks as the police car and ambulance turn into Pytchley Road; your flat in Petworth House is on that road.
"Well, excuse me, but I have to work with him even after you've jumped ship. I was only trying to help us both."
"This isn't in line with protocols that respect diversity and equality, and an open application process," Charlotte Carr, the newly elected Head of Neurosurgery at GOSH points out. Sherlock knows her by reputation: a combination of an enthusiastic paper-pusher and mediocre surgeon, she has implemented some changes which might please the Trust administration but have left her very unpopular among the other neurosurgeons at the hospital.
Jim silences him by cupping him with one hand, fingers curling around his cock through the soft material of his tracksuit pants. He reaches round the back of Sebastian’s neck with the other hand to pull him in close and growl in his ear. "Don't talk, don't ask questions, just shut the fuck up and let me fuck you."
"Edgar has never failed to be adequate or above, but I still prefer you, if you're still in dire need of such acknowledgement."
"Charity run's definitely off. There's going to be physio, and she wants me in for an arthroscopy if it doesn't get better."
, John decides as he glances out the window just as a car pulls up to the kerb. He watches, clenching and unclenching his fist as he forces himself to stifle the compulsion to rush down and take over as Edgar exits the black Uber car and hies to the opposite door, then ducks in to help Sherlock out. Edgar is much shorter than the lanky, obviously still a bit unbalanced, curly-haired form scrambling out to stand on the kerb. Edgar hesitates not a bit in clasping his employer's arm firmly and resolutely as they slowly make their way to the door.
Sherlock then popped his head back into the room with a slightly mischievous glint in his eye. "You see, it's not always about you, Mummy."
It's what Sherlock knows he should say; he's learned enough scripting to manage the platitudes that people seem to expect at the start of every conversation.
"Shit! Someone's inside. Greg, call for back-up!" Without hesitating, John throws open the door and charges in, eyes frantically looking for what he is afraid to find, but then does. Down the hall, in the corner near Mrs Hudson's door, the patterned Victorian armchair has an occupant: one elderly woman, bound and gagged with a package in her lap and tears in her eyes.
"For me, it is essential to know that I can walk back in here and pick up exactly where I was when I left. It's an important part of compartmentalising two jobs. I can't function in an open office space; I need things to be the way I want them to be."
The Colonel does not seem in the least bit perturbed by Sherlock’s examination of him, if anything, he seems equally interested, scrutinising Sherlock in return as if he were a specimen in the zoo. Moran though … Sherlock’s eyes flick quickly to the man paused just inside the doorway … Moran looks irritated.
John struggled with an armload of books and scrolls on the venerable study and art of healing when he ran into Victoire studying in the library.
“I said turn LEFT, not RIGHT,” Lupaza grunted as she and John worked to shift a heavy part into the engine of the truck.
The worker moved to activate a control panel, and after pushing a few buttons, the front gate slid open with a slight rattle.
Several people answered her, mumbling phrases that made less and less sense. Grand-mère Holmes located her wand. Only when she babbled something forcefully at Sherlock did he agreed to let go of John’s arm and step away.  After a few passes with her wand and more odd phrases, John felt a pop inside his ears like a pressure change. Suddenly he could understand the people around him. At least those speaking English.
“It might be,” Sherlock said, buying himself a few more moments as he worked his thumb under the seal, and spread the curled paper flat. Elation rushed over him as he scanned the congratulations on his successful appointment to the potions internship with Herr Moser.
“Hey.” John reached out to catch Sherlock’s wrist after he set the bottle on the bedside table. “You didn’t mess up, alright. It’s not your fault.”
Sherlock hadn’t managed to contact John at all, and the worry was burning a hole inside him. His phone had been lost, and he’d only been able to sneak onto a console with outside access twice to email John’s account at the library. John hadn’t replied.
“No time.” Lupaza slammed the truck into reverse and punched the accelerator to send them shooting backwards.
After things had finished for the day, John pulled on his cloak and went for a walk around the grounds by himself. The snow had melted off, but the branches remained bare, everything painted a dull brown and grey under a flat sky. The scenery matched his mood perfectly, and he encountered few people out on such a raw day. When John ended up by the lake, he dug the bracelet out of his pocket, and unsnapped the twin from around his wrist. Holding the two up, John watched as the halves sealed themselves together. He flung it all as far as he could out into the water. The stone winked brightly against the colourless sky for just a moment as it fell, barely making a ripple as the bracelets slipped under the surface. John stood watching the wide expanse water for a moment before he fell to his knees, tears sliding unbidden down his face.
“God, Harry.” John rolled his eyes, shifting the bowl to the crook of one arm. “Don’t let her get to you. She’s an arse to everyone.” Visiting Harry was the last thing John wanted to do tonight but they’d set it up weeks ago.
After their repast, Sherlock got on the console, hoping to work his magic to find the things they needed for the farm. A news bulletin caught his eye and he moved to enlarge it.
The place whirled with activity and John struggled to take it all in: women with jewels at their throats, and long bright dresses flashing like peacocks against the dark of the men in suits, waiters gliding by with silver trays, and the muddle of so many conversations overlapping, and music threading through it all. For a moment, John felt a bit short of breath, his leg starting to ache, but then Sherlock was at his side, reaching down to squeeze his hand, and he felt alright again.
It was pretty watching them sway together, the dark somber wear paired with the flashy bright. One of the Cardassians reached out and swatted the arse of another man’s Bajoran partner, and they all laughed. It struck Sherlock then how wrong this was, a perversion of affection bought and paid for. Who knew what the Bajorans really thought about all this. Sickened, Sherlock took a long pull off his drink, forgetting how awful it tasted. He grimaced.
“Shhhhh!” The group of older students at the next table hissed. Everyone apologized before sinking further into their seats.
John gasps as at the cold ice cream drizzles down the length of his penis. He jerks his wrists and pulls against the cords as Sherlock bends down, flattens his tongue, and laps it off. He bathes his heated cock with long, lingering swipes. Done, he sits back on his haunches again, admiring John and the mess he's making of him.
John could hardly see Sherlock’s face it was so dark, but he leaned in, curling his fingers around his shoulders, finding his mouth, kissing those warm, soft lips that parted for him, over and over, diving in deep.
“Oh, sorry, must dash. John it was really good to meet you.” Evelyn reached for John’s hand. “It’s lovely to see you and Sherlock together.”
“Sadly, it’s not co-ed.” He looked to Irene. “I’m sure you’ll miss your lovely companion as she goes to the ladies’ area.”  Dukat lifted Irene’s hand, smoothly dropping a kiss to the back of it. “Such a beauty.”
“John, I didn’t bring Stephen. I’m sorry, I’m still not comfortable telling him about all this.” His mum  waved a hand toward the many Wizarding families tumbling off the train around them.
Sherlock watched his steps as he descended the trail cut into the side of the hill facing their farm. Dressed in a military coverall, black cap pulled low, and a standard tool box in one hand, he made no effort to hide his progress to the road below. It was somewhat surreal to see the mass of Cardassian soldiers and equipment gathered for a fight with an empty field, but Sherlock knew behind cloaking illusion lay his home. Some of the men buzzed about, busy at their work, but many of the enlisted men lolled idly, obviously bored with the wait.
Something sparked in the corner of Sherlock’s eye. He turned to study it as more bursts of light followed.
“Come on, mates!” Tom cried, leaping to his feet to tug off his school robe. “We’re not letting them have all the fun, are we?”
John leaned over and mouthed at one of his nipples, drawing it into his mouth to suck. Sherlock groaned deep in his throat at the exquisite pleasure that spiraled through his body as John pulled rhythmically at him,
Eyes, closed, Sherlock began moving their way.  John felt a burst of excitement coursing through him. He realized how much he wanted to be caught, but for Olivia’s sake he kept out of Sherlock’s reach, leading the man around the pool until Sherlock decided to turn and grab Olivia’s leg as she shrieked.
Although Sherlock usually hated tedious conversation, he found he couldn’t wait to tell John everything about his life, and listen to everything John had to say in return. He was certain his grin was a stupid, loopy thing as they pushed through the restaurant door, and he couldn’t have cared less.
“Yeah, no worries. I have to share a bed when the football team travels. It happens.” John shrugged. “It’s fine.”
It was comic, the four teenagers in the room, shrieked, the ones standing, almost falling over.  The three men, boys really were of no consequence, blowhards. Sherlock dismissed them with a glance. The young woman with the scar across her face, sitting cross-legged on a mattress  with a reader pad in her hands was another story.
John followed Sherlock, listening as he pointed out some of the more recent flower varieties he’d planted for the bees, feeling as if he’d absorbed the warmth of the day through his pores. He might be glowing just a bit he thought as they left the protective gear in the shed and headed back to the house. John carried his cane almost for show, the pain in his leg having receded almost completely.
“This is unacceptable.” John stepped forward, his face a rictus of anger. “We stick together, or the Empire has already won. YOU KNOW THIS.”
The tall man slowed suddenly, scanning the crowd ahead, and John realized that one of the guests from the wedding, a heavyset bloke in a red plaid kilt was ahead of them on the pavement.  He looked to be weaving his way through a knot of people chatting outside a café.
“John.” Professor Leech seemed to be gathering his words. “It is quite an honour, having one of my students chosen for such a selective position.”
“You weren’t altogether comfortable with being seen as bisexual.” Sherlock’s voice had gone more hesitant.
John felt a weight lift from his chest, he gave Sherlock’s thigh a quick squeeze, “I’m better now though, you don’t need to worry about me.”
“It was loads of fun,” Sadiq said. “Bit crazy when the paramedics had to come for that girl passed out in the bushes though.”
“John, I’m sorry if I ever gave you the impression that it would be a problem.” He looked up with warm eyes. “Of course not. We look forward to meeting him.”
“Good-bye, Mycroft.”  John said softly, watching as the ornate door swung closed behind the prickly man.
John nodded warily, and retrieved the omnioculars from the floor to watch the students queueing up to the stage.
“Perhaps the clue is something to do with the titles and we don’t need the actual books.” Sherlock furrowed his brow. “Rings? Kings? Towers?”
“Excuse me, my good man,” Sherlock hailed the shop keep, shuffling up to the counter. “I would like two of your daylight specials please."
“Soooo . . .  Victor Trevor.” John leaned in slightly across the table. “You told me you’d made him up out of whole cloth. He really exists?”
“No, no, it’s fine.” John flashed a quick smile and continued to Sherlock’s bedroom upstairs.  The acoustics of the house were such that John could still catch a few words from below on the upstairs gallery. He distinctly caught “grand-mère ” and “after-effect of poison” and his own name a few times.
“I’m on my own,” Mycroft said, hefting the bag to better balance it as he made his way to the staircase.
“I think it’s going to be an alright place to start. I mean, I doubt I’ll want to work there forever, but it’s good for now. Just what I needed.”
They exchanged positions, John laying back while his angel climbed onto his lap, his erection jutting before him. He pushed John’s kilt back, whistling appreciatively through his teeth when John’s hard cock bobbed free.
John smiled when he unpacked a bottle of massage oil. “Well, I didn’t have much use for this earlier, but we might use it  . . . together?”
“It was hard, and no, I never got a message from him when I left Bajor.” Sherlock couldn’t meet her eyes. There were some things he couldn’t confide, not even to an old friend.
John grunted in reply as they rounded the sheds to find a small huddle of giggling children hiding behind the out buildings.
“Mmmm.” Sherlock tipped his head back, presenting his lips, and John smiled, moving back in to kiss his mouth.
“Naavi, and a few of his lads are coming over to play,” Lupaza said, joining them, drying her hands on a towel. “You can win back your loses from them.”
“Mmm, you smell pretty good yourself,” Sherlock said, taking a deep breath of his own, letting the woodsy, familiar scent of his Alpha wash over him, settling the last of his nerves.
“Mummy, don’t start cross-examining John.” Sherlock shifted forward, meeting his mother’s stare. “His father is in sales, and his mother works as a receptionist at a dental office. He has one older sister currently learning to be a sous chef in London. He grew up in Aldershot where he excelled in squash, football, and graduated with honors. He’s currently dividing his time between studying medicine and playing on the school football team as an attacking midfielder. There. Tea anyone?” Sherlock gestured to the pot that had been deposited at their table.
“God yes, come here, you beautiful thing.” John pounced on Sherlock, easily flipping him onto his knees and elbows despite his gravid state to snug up behind him on the sofa. John dragged his hot length along the outside of Sherlock’s dripping entrance, reaching up to caress along the curve of his full, heavy belly hanging down.
“What is it, what’s wrong?” Sherlock rolled up to sitting to better examine John. He found the back of his shoulder marred by angry red burns. Laser fire most likely. Sherlock couldn't help sucking in a quick breath in sympathy.
Sherlock nodded. He hadn’t come with anything the night before but the clothes on his back. There was nothing to gather up, nothing left to use as a reason to linger another moment.
“Oh, call me Edith, please,” she tittered, taking John’s hand. “So you’re June’s son. Where has she been hiding you all this time?”
“I promise, I will let you all know when I solve the case,” Sherlock gritted, doing his best to ignore the rising smell of interested Omega permeating the room. It was overly-sweet and cloying and made him gulp more of his tea to cleanse some of the taste from his mouth.
Her eyes roved over the two of them, and Sherlock felt very aware of his nudity beneath the blanket only half covering them. His chest ridges were on full display, and while he knew he wasn’t an unattractive Cardassian, it gave him pause to have a Bajoran woman staring at him unclothed.
Sherlock sighed and slid into the car, moving over as Mycroft joined him. A dark panel separated them from the front of the vehicle, and the windows were deeply tinted. It was like falling into a sealed box once the door closed behind them. Sherlock settled warily into the luxuriously padded seats. Once Mycroft’s goons had climbed into the front, they started up, the car purred through the gates, away from the base, headed toward town.
Sherlock shook his head. “There were a few sex workers. Things I couldn’t get out of with my squadron. Nothing voluntary.”
“No Kai, it went as easily as you said it would.” The man bowed respectfully as all the Bajorans in the room save her guards followed suit.  Sherlock quickly copied them, ducking his head. The Kai was the top position of the Bajoran religion, the holiest of holy people.
“Well, so nice to see you Galen.” Sherlock cut in. “Don’t let us keep you. I’m sure you’ve got many things to be attending to this evening. Ta-ta.” Sherlock slid an arm around John’s shoulders and turned him, marching him away from Galen as quickly as possible.
The slight tan on John’s face glowed almost golden giving his features a luminous quality, while his gorgeous dark blue eyes put Sherlock in mind of fields of cornflowers, or perhaps a deep summer sky just before a storm. Sherlock felt that he could simply fall into those eyes and keep going.  He leaned in to examine the pattern of John’s irises. Why had he never noticed the flecks of hazel in John’s eyes before? Exquisite!  John looked down at the table top, his long golden eyelashes sweeping down to cover those beautiful eyes as he reached out to fiddle with the salt shaker.  Sherlock’s gaze moved down too, watching the play of John’s hands as he slid the shaker back and forth.
“Yes, but to want to see us all killed?” A shiver ran over Sherlock spine. “I didn’t know he hated us so.”
“Peace, Sherlock, peace.” Claudette smiled, holding up a placating hand. “If we concerned ourselves with bringing Alastaire into the human race, we’d be at it all day. Best to ignore him.  Look, John is fine.”
“Well, you hardly touched your dinner. Perhaps a drink in the hot tub next? Something with a lot of fruit,” Irene said thoughtfully. “You can get your nutrition and a buzz at the same time.”
“Oh, look, it’s fine. I’m sorry.” John huffed a sigh. He hadn’t travelled all this way just to come scold Sherlock. He tried another smile. “Come on, you big berk, let me in, my feet are soaked.”
Someone in the Cardassian crowd got off a lucky shot, and hit Quen squarely in the back. The boy cried out, the sound cut short as his atoms dispersed under the harsh blast, leaving a Quen-shaped hole in the world.
“Alright. Sooo, John, I was thinking too.” Sherlock swallowed. “. . .  thinking we might open up our relationship to see other people?”
Did I ever tell folks unfamiliar with this Star Trek show that Bajorans traditionally use their family name first, and their given names second? I guess you figured it out if not. ;) If anyone is interested, I found a fascinating website chock full of information about DS9, and the places and people of its universe. It's been my canon bible while writing this fic - though of course I am taking great liberties with political events. Go check it out if you want to read more background on Bajorans, Cardassians and the worlds they live in . . .
Sherlock had drained his drink down to the ice by the time John returned, the limp a bit more pronounced. “Everything’s ready. Why don’t you pop in?” John motioned toward the en suite.
“John . . .” Sherlock managed to get out before they were searching for each other’s lips again, kissing heatedly, swallowing down each other’s frantic noises.
Sherlock lifted fingers to his smarting head, and they came away dark purple. The cut hurt as soon as he starting thinking about it. “Ugh, you’re right . . . damn. How are you, did they hurt you?” He peered more closely at John.
After John secured them bottles of ale, they moved about, exploring. They found a number of separate gatherings clustered throughout the rambling house. One group they happened on were playing a game involving bouncing floating bubbles about the room. Sherlock recognized another Wizard from the workshop there, and introduced him to John. The man, Oskar, shook John’s hand warmly before being dragged back into play.
It wasn’t easy, the car gave no extra room for easy maneuvering, and Sherlock cried out when John accidentally kneed him somewhere tender, but John managed it all the same.
A smile tugged at Sherlock’s mouth as he dropped beside John. “This was  . . . nice. I haven’t been to the sea in years.”
The Twins, Bajor’s two moons hung full in the night sky looking like fat moba fruit, ready for the picking as Sherlock and John stepped out of the farmhouse. The light was nearly as bright as day, transforming the ordinarily dim landscape into a silvery faery land. The Autumn Twins ushered in the cooler weather, and more importantly a week of harvest celebrations to commemorate all the hard work in the fields.
“No one is going anywhere,” John said firmly. “I’m not leaving you, Sherlock, not ever. No one is coming between us. No one, not even the whole bloody Cardassian Empire.”
He would have growled at someone calling his name if he hadn’t realized a nanosecond later that it was John.
“Clive threw acid on me when I tried to break it off with him. Told me if he couldn’t have me, no one else would. Thankfully he missed my face.” Kerry shuddered. She bent her head as she pushed the sleeve back down. “Faking my death was the only way I knew to escape him. I moved, changed my name, changed my look. It wasn’t enough though, was it? The bastard still found me.”
“Ah, well, I can think of a few ways you can make it up to me. It includes you, me, and that big bed upstairs.” John was pleased to see the shiver that ran through Sherlock at his words.
“No I ate already. I prefer my food on the hoof, as it were,” the dragon snorted, “but please, help yourself.’
Somehow Sherlock managed to pull his own clothes away as well and finally, finally they were pressing skin to skin, nothing left between them. A full body shudder went over them both as they wrapped limbs tightly around each other.
John’s fingers knew just what to do, and Sherlock’s body opened up so beautifully around them. Slowly, gently, softly, softly. Time stretched like taffy in the hot sun as John eased his cock inside Sherlock.
Both Sherlock and Mycroft visibly softened. “Thank you.” Mycroft nodded.  “I appreciate the sentiment.”
“Ah, and not too expensive. Since you have limited funds, you wanted a restaurant that had an impressive ambience, but offered a number of lower-cost selections.”
“Tough luck.” John blew out a breath. “That one has massive arms. She could definitely take you down in a fight.”  John reached over to wind an arm around Sherlock’s middle, pulling him closer for a quick smack on the side of his neck. Sherlock smiled, and wrapped his own arm around John.
“Yeah, that was good, wasn’t it?” John felt about ten feet tall as he pulled the door open to usher Sherlock inside.
He found himself nearly bowled over into the bushes when a heavy-set bloke with an oversized backpack clipped him rushing past.
"––romantic whatevers," John concludes with a chuckle. "Why is it that you're the most verbally talented person in any room, anywhere, even a bit off your tits, as long as the topic isn't sex?" Sherlock's pillow talk varies between cringe-inducingly anatomically correct and lustful brain short-circuit along the lines of
"Wait." Jim issues the command to both the caller and to Carlton as he turns back to the boardroom table and wakes up the last laptop. He keys in a few strokes and up pops the Military Air Traffic Control system. Still with the phone to his ear, Jim drops his gaze down to his right trouser pocket and then back up Carlton, flicking his eyes back down again.
The rising action. The point of greatest interest, I had assumed, was to be found in Ireland. Moriarty. Should have been John. The Irishman had highlighted this error by targeting him. The entire game had centred upon the events that spanned those two months. Solve the murders, set up a satisfactory resolution.
"Either you section me, or this conversation is over." Sherlock barely gets the words out before a coughing fit hits, forcing him to wrap his arms around his torso again to keep his broken rib stable. "I dare you to try," he rasps, coughing some more.
"I will readily admit to losing my temper around you," Sherlock says dryly. "It's one of those things where you might ask
. That he could seduce his Tiger and turn him into a weapon against Holmes made their relationship doubly intense. No bell boy could ever compete.
"It's a question of priorities. Having an assistant with the right skill set would allow me to eliminate those parts of the stress which I don't need and help me prove that I can juggle things if I really make an effort."
John places his glass in the sink next to his unwashed breakfast dishes. The toast crumbs clinging to the yolk stains on the single white china plate — the same ones that were there this morning —- now feel more like a relic from a previous age rather than a happening of the same twenty-four-hour period. A serving for one. The one person living here, because Sherlock had been dead.
Mycroft's righteous indignation at his treatment at the hands of such an unimpressive man is relatively short lived, however. While Sir Edgar is indeed a useless blight on the position of Permanent Secretary, he is correct that this is hardly Mycroft's finest hour. The fourth pip was the final straw, and Mycroft knows that if they knew the whole truth, he would have been immediately dismissed and quite likely arrested for aiding and abetting a criminal, if not for crimes against the state.
"He's not my parent," Sherlock dismisses, "as much as my mother likes to think she passed on that torch to him."
" His brother had said that to you, accused you of missing the war. He'd implied you'd been willing to hook up with Sherlock as some sort of methadone for your addiction to the adrenaline of war.
"So, somewhat against my better judgment, Mister Holmes, I am going to give you permission. On one condition, that you tell the Americans what you are planning to do. And then it's on your head when things go wrong."
Pichler nods, expression sombre. "How realistic does that outcome seem? How easy is it to kick out an undesirable superior in the NHS?"
We busy ourselves getting our skis on and fiddling with our equipment. The nerves I experienced when worrying about the boy have dissipated; now, I am just eager to get underway. Overhead, a helicopter is coming up from Verbier, headed somewhere to the east of us; it's the second one I've seen this morning. Their ability to get skiers up and over the mountains and quickly into the backcountry is something I envy; no crowded lifts or waiting for the pistes to be patrolled and then opened. The advantages of being off piste are somewhat dissipated if you have to move with the herd to reach it. Heli-skiing is something I've yet to try; my main deterrent is the thought of having to weather John's reaction to such a plan.
Jim wants him to watch. Watch as he takes the knife. Antique. Should be as blunt as all hell, but the trickle of blood that appears on his thigh as Jim traces it lightly down the rectus femoris from his Iliac crest to his knee suggests otherwise. It's painful, but nothing he can’t handle. And he has no problem relaxing the muscles of his body into it. He knows, from experience, that tensing only makes things worse.
The idea of ignoring the scene playing out downstairs and just going to have a shower is sorely temping, but he can tell from Lestrade’s tone that the DI’s latitude for the eccentric ways of the genius detective is at an end this morning. And Sherlock has clearly dug himself deep enough into his trench of obstinance that only a nuclear blast is likely to shift him now.
Mycroft taps my arm and points to my right. I can see skiers popping up over a brow and then dropping steeply. There are fewer snowboarders here, but enough that the faster skiers have to think of them as slalom gates and weave their way through them. I can't see any skiers all in black, so it makes me wonder where Sherlock is. It's a slim chance that we'll spot him; after all, we cannot know how long it has taken him to execute the different stages of his plan. The steeper slope means these skiers are going at what would be a terrifying speed for me, so I try not to think about Sherlock and the potential for injury that could result.
He knows he's desperately clinging to hope when he should be abandoning it, but what the hell; what does he have left, really?
"Perhaps you should reconsider. Sherlock has gone AWOL. His phone is no longer emitting a signal. He was supposed to keep us aware of his location. My people say his phone was disabled sometime about an hour and a half after he landed in Belfast."
Sherlock sniffs, pushing them about the table. "Well, an unsolved murder is not unusual; a return to the land of the living is rarer."
John takes the hint and starts moving, the pace would normally be slower, more sensitive to his needs but Sherlock is absent now, separated from the physicality of their encounter. One minute, five? John’s breath starts to stutter as he gets nearer, his hips snapping, driving in. Forced backwards against the headboard of the bed, Sherlock's eyes focus on the ring on the ceiling which seems to grow, the harder John thrusts. He’s not looking for the right angle, not looking to please. This has gone way beyond the border between pain and pleasure, but Sherlock just takes it until John comes with a grunt. On the ceiling, the edges explode in a starburst above him.
She leads him past the skaters, deeper into the tunnel system. The noise of their skateboarding ricochets down the darker tunnel; perhaps that's what puts pedestrians off, because here there is no one else to overhear their conversation.
"That's not fair. I saw the depths of his intelligence and attempted to divert it into useful channels."
"Some features of ASD and ADHD overlap, such as intense focus and certain social difficulties. You seem particularly impressed with the social intelligence you think he possesses."
Violet looks away from the circle, emotions threatening to take over. She remembers feeling terribly guilty so many times when things with Sherlock were difficult, for thinking that they should have stopped after Mycroft, that everything would have been fine with just one child. That she'd been greedy and got punished for it. That she should have realised one agreeable child was as much as she and George could handle. Worse still, she feared that, by deciding to have William, she'd doomed the boy to a life hardly worth living if she failed in fighting to get him everything that other children had.
The thought keeps me smiling all through our lovely candle-lit dinner as we chitchat with Mycroft. After we retire upstairs, we have eighty minutes of high-volume sex while Mycroft is cocooned in the media room, sipping a hideously expensive French brandy and oblivious to anything but the story of a falsely convicted wife (a beautiful blonde played by June Vincent) and Martin, an alcoholic pianist (played by Dan Duryea) who team up to clear her husband of the murder of a singer who had been Martin's wife. We'd watched the film at home before Sherlock had dropped the DVD into a gift bag.
At the same moment, a text alert sounds on Mycroft’s phone. Mycroft picks up his phone and scans the message before lifting his eyes, now unmistakably clouded in concern, to John.
Her favourite shoes are red trainers. He’d been asked to consult on a case virtually with the Yard this afternoon so Mrs Hudson had stepped in to watch Rosie’s last fifteen minutes of class. She hadn’t mentioned any homework, but she had been pressed to get back downstairs before her quiz show started so she may have just forgot.
There's even a video of the final moments of the flight, taken by someone inside the doomed plane. Somehow, a recording of the crashing plane's cockpit exchanges with Air Traffic Control have been put on the British Airways Facebook page.
"Your tone and how meticulously you are approaching this. I get the sense that you don't want to disappoint him personally and not just professionally. Do you feel like you owe him? Is that one of the motivations for your staying at King's?"
“Yes! Fancy suits! Like ‘lock’s!” Rosie answered, jumping and clapping her hands to emphasize her point.
Edgar is still carrying around what seems to be the same glass of champagne he's been nursing all evening. At least the slight crack at the bottom of the glass looks the same.
He stands there, head bowed, hands gripping the side of the sink under the blue light as the heaves subside. He turns the taps on full to flush the mess away and clean off his mouth. He takes a moment to survey the scene in the grimy mirror and he barely recognizes the face in front of him. Deathly white, he looks like he has aged ten years in ten minutes.
We shed our coats, and Mycroft looks over from the sofa, raising a balloon glass of brandy. "You missed a superb meal; Pierre did a steak Diane that was delicious. Join me for a nightcap?"
Your shift starts in ten minutes; in your office, you need all that time to get rid of the shakes, driven by adrenaline. The rest of the day and early evening appointments pass in a blur of bog-standard complaints and prescription renewals, soothing you back into a state of comfortable numbness.
He had debated on the way over whether he needed to place a bug in Watson’s bedroom. Probably not necessary for the ‘official’ task but he can’t get the niggling feeling out of his gut that Jim has a personal interest in Watson beyond whatever scheme he is working on. This one is going to take some real ingenuity though, given the fact that the man is asleep in the room.
what John would think of the plan — he would definitely not be a fan. And not just because he’s tracking down Moran and a Moriarty (again) but because he's doing it solo.
The Coroner interrupts his train of thought. "Doctor Watson, you are being called here today not as a medical expert, but rather as a person who knew the deceased, Mister Sherlock Holmes. For the record, could you please state your relationship to him."
Still, it was damned embarrassing. Having called the police from Sebastian's phone (Watson was bright enough to know that he had to keep the phone active or the screen lock would activate), all Sebastian could do was watch as Watson had opened the app, spotting the remaining two cameras at work. When the police showed up, he directed them to the bug above the fridge, and the other one outside his bedroom. So, all three are now history, to be used in evidence.
At first, when you moved south of the river, the spray-painted walls bothered you. It was vandalism, ugly property damage inflicted by the youth who were bored, unemployed, uninspired. Of course, Sherlock would have been able to decipher the tags, read the runes and identify the territorial markers of various gangs of south London. He'd tell you that painting their street art was harmless —a two-fingered salute to authority, an act of rebellion against what life had dealt them — unlike the knife crime that claimed too many young lives.
Sherlock has squared his shoulders, and I can tell he's ready to march out, forms signed or not. "You cannot force me to comply. In fact,
game that he has to play. Sebastian had managed to salvage one victory out of this afternoon's debacle. While the paper next to the post-it note on the wall had been removed, Sebastian had managed to find something rather useful—Watson's scrawled notes on a pad on the coffee table that did more than suggest that Sherlock Holmes might still be alive. They are now sitting in the bag of his personal effects, along with his wallet and the watch that Jim had given him.
. He would have thought that the jury's decision earlier today would have dealt the man his final blow. He certainly looked defeated when he had left court. But no, the wording of the post seems almost ... defiant. Is that where Jim went, to do some of his own provocation of Watson? Or has he talked to the press again?
the security team had stated in their twenty-eight-page report published on the tool’s capabilities.
The sound, when it comes, cuts through the silence—the thinnest of squeaks of loose board grating against the riser on the sixth step up to the third floor. His breath catches as he strains to listen, imagining the hand smoothing, ghosting its way up the fading wallpaper as it ascends. No one else ever comes higher than the second landing. Not even Mrs. Hudson; John keeps his old quarters clean, not letting her carry the hoover up any further than her poor hip can handle.
Truth be told, he’s always found the Heath a strange place. One where a gentle stroll alongside oak and beech can quickly turn into a wild adventure with the only company to be had, the brambles and bracken whose fingers snatch at trouser legs and beckon one deeper. There had been more than one moment, in the midst of yet another wild suspect chase with Sherlock, when he had thought that they might not actually find their way out of those woods again. This time, he concedes reluctantly, it might actually be the case.
The commuters ignore him, too caught up in their own worlds to notice someone weaving in and out of their path. Except, of course, to grumble and mutter under their breath when he doesn't get out of their way fast enough. The others, the ones who loitered with intent see him looking and skitter away like mice in the dark, suddenly illuminated by torchlight. Every time he thinks he recognises someone, a person he had encountered on a previous case, they seem to disappear. Maybe he is being paranoid but whilst he can’t seem to find what he is looking for, he can’t shake the feeling that someone else has found him. All day he has felt like he is being watched, but whenever he turns around there is nothing. No one. The logical suspect of course is Mycroft. But the security cameras seem to be staying fixed in the same position whenever he checks. He tries to shake it off, but it is definitely something.
Providing shelter from the elements, and protection in numbers, the area has ‘housed’ the homeless for nearly forty years: young people fleeing abusive families, older people evicted through non-payment of rents, people of all ages with addiction, substance abuse and mental health challenges. After Iraq and Afghanistan, they were joined by demobilised armed forces personnel, unable to find employment and suffering from the effects of war.
"Okay, here's an idea. What if Sherlock had a transfusion sometime before all that blood ended up on the floor of the Old Operating Theatre?"
"Better…but not good enough. Try phoning her. Get back in touch; the woman could prove useful to me."
"Some sort of spare John, then?" Lestrade says, his tone challenging. "Can this assistant give us a minute alone?"
What day is it again? Boxing day? Some bloody Christmas this has been. Before all of this – Sherlock being dead, then Sherlock being alive again, John had plans for this Christmas. Plans that involved Christmas morning in bed (not summoned to Hampstead Heath by text) and Christmas night in front of the fire asking Sherlock to marry him. No, instead he had spent the first half of Christmas night keeping Moran at bay while Sherlock faced down Moriarty and the second half, torn between wanting to take Sherlock in his arms and never let go or strangle him to death instead. And those plans certainly hadn’t involved a Detective Inspector in the living room of the flat at arse-o’clock.
, he's been using cocaine to work on the evidence board in his Mind Palace. So long as he can delay his come-down, he can spend his evenings with Janine, dancing and trying to get her to trust him enough to let him into Magnussen's office and flat. The work is the only thing keeping his depression at bay. When he and Janine part tonight, he will vanish to a convenient bolt hole with enough heroin to sleep off the cocaine. It's his routine these days. When he wakes up and returns to Baker Street, the cycle will start all over again. As he watches Janine following Irina, Sherlock is confident that he can manage the dancing. It's a known fact that dancing releases endorphins, and right now he can do with all of the natural chemical help he can get.
"Perhaps it is less a demand as it is a reasonable request to help prevent conflicts. The NHS does have a Workforce Disability Standard, and different Trusts usually have a Disability Policy."
Greg's face is telling him that he's still worried and that consequently worries John, so he re-emphasises the point: "I mean it. I would never consider working anywhere else than with him. Our marriage doesn't start or pause at the front door to our flat. The way we enjoyed running that tiny hospital in Malawi was a case in point; it was one of the big pluses that we got to spend so much more time together at work."
John has to take several deep breaths before he can start to process the fact that both Mike and now this other consultant have in effect verified that his somewhat crazy idea is just about possible. He mentally recites the ingredients.
Edgar unbuttons his navy corduroy jacket and rearranges symmetrically on the table in front of him the cutlery he fishes out of two wooden boxes. "It's early days, yet. But fine as far as I'm concerned, absolutely fine." After a pause, he asks hesitantly, "Has he said something to the contrary?"
. Do not all major figures in politics and business have assistants? Mycroft has three, and not just because he's a poncy git who enjoys ordering minions around. Children at school with particular… traits have individually assigned assisting personnel." He hadn't wanted to use this example, but perhaps it's what needed for John to understand. "They're not there because nobody believes that those students can't manage — it is simply understood that to be able to perform to the best of their abilities, they need more help than others."
“You spoke to him when he was gone. Words you wanted him to hear. Things you wished you had said to him before he disappeared. So, say them. Say them to him now.”
An hour later, Janine missteps, her ankle goes over in the high heel and then she's on her way down to the wooden floor. Sherlock's shoulder twinges as he tries to keep her upright but fails, and he has to take evasive action to avoid crashing into her and falling himself.
"What do you mean, 'all taken care of'?" John asked, sounding indignant but not really feeling that way. After years with Sherlock he was used to being always a step behind when it came to knowing what the hell was going on. "There's bills to pay, I've not been working, we need to find a nursery for Rosie. God," he complained, running his fingers through his hair. "I'm not… I'm not cut out for this. Mary would have done all of it."
It's when you push open the door that you spot the bloody handprint on the glass. It's enough to make you run into the reception room, looking for the injured party.
If you want to waste copious amounts of time, you too can go look up these adorable buildings on Google maps! ;)
It was a relief to step back through the tunnel and see the complex of buildings, the leafy plants moving in the breeze, and the people bustling by, going about their day.
“Irene, my date, and Molly, we’ve been friends for ages. You met her a few times. I can’t abandon them to their possible doom.”
John flung an arm out over the cool sheets where a warm, tall, lanky genius sometimes curled. With exams on, his love life was quickly becoming more of a theoretical thing over an actual occurrence. He sighed, and willed himself to sleep. Tomorrow looked to be another busy day.
Naavi took to the soil reclaimator like a water fowl to a lake, figuring out the remote controls, and how to set it running.  They put the big machine to work on the nearest barren field that day, watching as it hummed, skimming over the dirt, eliminating toxins. Over the next few days, they took turns overseeing the running of it, making sure it ran in straight lines as it covered the fields.  It gave Sherlock a warm feeling in the pit of his stomach just to see the progress being made, something good from the ruin.
“Yoo hoo! Boys! Are you awake?  Is everyone decent?” Mrs. Watson’s voice came muffled from the hall.
Sherlock pushed the picture into his pocket, and continued his search of the house finding nothing but rubbish, a few odds and ends, and the big heavy things left behind. All the evidence pointed to the fact that the Watsons had well and truly vacated the place. Sherlock found his veils and went to the next house, rapping on the front door to find no one at home there either. At the third house, someone finally answered, a little Bajoran girl staring up at him.
Sherlock held up the box, examining it carefully. “It looks familiar, but I can’t quite place it. It’s as if I have seen this before.” Sherlock sat down on the bed to open it. John sat down next to him and peered inside. It contained two velvet drawstring bags. Sherlock quickly slammed the lid shut.
“Ulric, Sherlock needs a friend. Watson John is a good boy . . . for a Bajoran. Very polite. I think he’s been a good influence on Sherlock. Besides, he’s just an infant friend. They’ll grow apart when Sherlock goes away to school.”
“I . . . what?” The skin of the man’s forehead crumpled up in question in a really rather charming manner.
“Is that what I said? I meant you absolutely need to keep practicing.” Sherlock moved his arm to open one cerulean eye. “Lots of practice. At least twice day.”
“Hmm.” Sherlock’s frown deepened, but he came in to sit beside John on the couch. “I’m sorry to hear that.”
“We’re working on it in Defense Against the Dark Arts.”  John shrugged a shoulder. It was amazing to simply be talking to Sherlock in person. He couldn’t stop grinning.
They stripped down to their skivvies, Sherlock looking like some Greek god all classic lines and smooth planes in his dark y-fronts, and lay down on the bed together. Sherlock wrapped John in his arms, and he let himself breathe him in, a mix of outdoors smells, sunshine, and the unique musky scent that was the man himself.  The sudden urge to cry swept over John, but he pushed it down fiercely until the feeling had passed. God, he was so fucked up. How was this going to work, any of this?
John took one more look around the empty room, checking for any further instructions, and shrugged. “I suppose that's what we’re meant to do.”
“God, he’s fantastic.” John couldn’t help babbling about Sherlock for several minutes as the smile widened across Harry’s face.
“Something like that.” Sherlock moved to the table to set plates and silverware down. “And you’re an army doctor just back from Afghanistan.”
. We’re trying to keep them from wrecking up the place,” his fellow Cardassian sneered. “Do you know a band of them torched a water recycling plant in Tahore yesterday? They had to use plasma canons to fight them off. Savages, the lot of them. Where do they think they’ll drink with the water system down?”
Sherlock chuckled at that. “He was working as an investment banker in London last I heard. Married to a wealthy woman, two kids, probably drives a Volvo. Yawn.”
John slipped out his camera and sneaked a shot of Sherlock biting into something coated in powdered sugar. "Ach, now that one's for my bedside table," he crooned.
. Hard to maintain a low profile when MI6 goons keep picking you up.” Sherlock crossed his arms over his chest.
“I know what I’m hungry for right now.” Sherlock bit lightly at the side of John’s neck, and John felt a shiver roll up his spine.
Everything Sherlock did, he did thinking of John now. He lined-up at morning report looking at the bland, closed faces in a row wondering what John would think of his life. When he carried his tray through the mess, past steaming trays of food, and pyramids of fresh produce, Sherlock thought of the many Bajorans going hungry while the army ate so comfortably. He managed to slip several pieces of moba fruit into his pockets before he left the table.
Teddy was taking his place as a junior member of the Aurors division, while Owen would be working as a clerk in the Misuse of Muggle Artifacts office at the Ministry of Magic. They’d only be a couple of floors apart in the building in a few short weeks.
Suddenly something struck him, something was wrong, and John realised the error that they had made with the blueprints. They had been meticulous with the interior of the building, but hadn’t even thought to check the exterior. The outline of the building didn’t match the schematics that were burned into his brain.
“It’s wonderful to see you again.” Irene smiled. “Make sure you get yourselves something to drink. The bar is that way.” She pointed over the heads of the crowd to the back of the room.
“Yeah, they were good. I really enjoyed them,” John said. “Especially the half-troll on the drums. He was excellent!”
John wandered over to slide open a cabinet. “Prophets, look at this.” John pulled out a several brightly-colored shapes that he brought back to the sitting area. He dropped them onto the low table next to the armchairs.
“Well, it's been fun, but I need to get to my next class.” John swung his rucksack over his shoulder. “Cheers, all.”
“John, it was so nice to meet you. You’ll take care of this one, yes?” Lily tipped her head toward Sherlock. “I know he’s not always easy, but he needs someone. Keep him in line.” She winked.
Sherlock went back to his experiments in the morning, and they fell into a bit of a routine over the next few days. “Who you really are” remained up in the air as a puzzle to solve. One evening, they went through the CD’s trying to play each other songs they enjoyed to see if that sparked any ideas. John ended up trying to teach Sherlock to do the Macarena, and Sherlock insisted John get the rudiments of a Tango down. It was silly fun, but nothing clue-worthy came of it.
“Okay, fine,” John huffed, slipping sideways to lie beside Sherlock again, splaying a hand to cover his bare middle, enjoying the look of tanned skin against the pale white of Sherlock’s belly, honey on snow. “God, what time is it? Mrs. Hudson wanted us at six.”
“Fascinating.” Sherlock tapped a finger against his lip, slumping back in his chair as he considered the words on the screen.
“Oh, Harry, lay off Sherlock,” John said. “It’s my birthday. You have to behave, also you’re supposed to eat the cookies at the end.”
“I know, love, me too.” John ran a thumb over the back of Sherlock’s hand and tried not to think on tomorrow, hoping it might never come.
“Ah, good to have you doctor types around.” Coach clapped John on the shoulder, and moved on to yell at Rory and Thomas to pick up their pace.
“No, it’s great.” John waved helplessly. “I’m glad you could come for a swim. Come on in, the water’s lovely.”
“Hey, you couldn’t have known all this when the bloke hired you.” John leaned up on his elbows to watch his progress.
John breathed out against his neck. “Hmm, you still feel the same.” John nuzzled against him, and Sherlock’s eyes slid closed, his interest moving quickly from experiments to the feel of John’s lips moving over him. John’s hands dropped to cradle his rear, and Sherlock gulped as a suddenly southward rush of blood left him feeling quite light-headed. He wasn’t sure he could remain standing much longer.
“Thank you,” he exclaims, and before he knows it, he has crossed the kitchen to give her a kiss on the cheek.
"On that point, you might continue your life after death better if you could be bothered to check who's at the door before opening it.”
But John’s breathless laugh confirmed that Sherlock had been the source of those sounds John seemed to be finding both arousing and comical.
The Colonel's performance continues, now towering over Sherlock's prone form. "Mycroft Holmes is a liar and a traitor. This heap of rubbish lying here on the floor is the brother he's protecting by lying about my death." Then in a sing-song cadence, the Colonel chants, "Game over; daddy's getting bored."
she nearly says. She had been terribly afraid that someone would find out and alert the child protective services even though back then, smacking wasn't the issue it's become today.
Sherlock won't be calm until he's rid of this place, but I still nod emphatically. "Yeah, I get that now. Thank you, Doctor; I appreciate everything that you and the emergency services have done for him. I'm sure he does, too."
As you take the duster cloth and can from her hands, you can't help thinking bitterly that whatever had been behind Lestrade and Sherlock's relationship around a crime scene, it hadn't stopped the DI from arresting him. With friends like that who needed enemies? You remove the fan, the piece of coral and the skull with half a spine inside the glass dome. Averting your eyes from the huge hole chiselled out of the frontal lobe, you place it on the table. You'd asked him about how he'd gotten his hands on a trepanned skull and he'd laughed. "Not a medical procedure. That's the effect of a war hammer. He's from the eighth century."
“His name,” John states with deliberate nod to Molly’s clipboard which is now resting on top of the victim’s abdomen.
The CSO nods. "Yes. Fresh blood deteriorates at a measurable rate. In the temperature that was recorded at the crime scene, testing suggests that it was lost sometime between the hours of midnight and three o'clock in the morning."
A fall on a black run this demanding can be lethal. One of the most demanding runs in the Alps, the Mont Fort mogul field is amazing. Take a look at skiers on the moguls on the following videos:
Then within half a minute, the heroin kicks in, softening the razor edges of the cocaine, and soothing his overcharging brain. His body stops aching, his mind stops hurting, and for a few brief heavenly minutes, things are more than bearable. The two drugs go together like yin and yang.
Sally watched as Sherlock grudgingly sat on the trolley, petulantly swatting the small pillow with enough force that it hit John in the thigh and bounced away to land in a puddle. John just sighed and nodded to the paramedics that it was generally safe to approach to clean the consulting detective's wounds. If John hadn't had combat experience in the RAMC, he certainly got plenty of it now, dealing with his cantankerous bastard of a partner. Sally thought he deserved a medal for it. And hazard pay. And possibly sainthood.
"I mean it. I see many, many skiers in my job. Most are doing it for the thrill, the excitement, the risk, the camaraderie. That's not why he skis."
"Sometimes. But he's always flying in and out of London, and a lot of his meetings are in the corporate jet. His diary management and travel arrangements keep me busy, I tell ya. All hours of the night and day; he never thinks that I might be otherwise engaged."
John bent down to stop Rosie for throwing shoes at the wall. "No, love. Why don't you go find your own? We'll go out in a moment."
Nothing had gone well since they had left Moriarty’s body, the night before, lying on the damp Heath soil.
Behind him, Sherlock hears John ask again, more quietly, "Isaac?" followed a moment later by "Hello, mate. Sit up for me? Sit up."
Over dinner, he'd asked as many questions as he thought he could get away with, particularly about Magnussen's lifestyle and movements. While he picked at the antipasto plate, she'd dished the dirt. "Absolute workaholic. He’s a machine: no wife, no girlfriend, no dating. His social calendar would stun most people, but I think he's only invited because people are scared
— he doesn’t linger on the word, slipping it in there with all the others as if it were a foregone conclusion, wanting to see how it lands. The answer is... not well.
I assume this is the champagne. "No, just paracetamol and ibuprofen." The latter is allowed now that a few days have passed since the accident; his kidneys will have cleared out whatever potentially damaging muscle enzymes had leaked out when his legs got bruised. All of his kidney-related lab work had come back normal at Sion.
The snow cat snarls up behind me and the guy—whose name I don't even know—thrusts a helmet at me and shouts "Get on the back."
Yes, there it is in a nutshell. The problem is that he's been missing his conductor of light. John always asks the most obvious of questions, but does it in just the right way to trigger Sherlock into new avenues of thinking. Far from making him weak, Sherlock has come to realise how important John is to his brainwork.
He’s softened, his erection waning when John entered him. John reaches to take hold of him but Sherlock stills his hand, no. John looks up sharply, as if annoyed. Sherlock closes his eyes and shakes his head, at the same time bringing his knees in to press against John’s ribs, urging him on.
Emma looks devastated, now, sniffling even. "Joe told me to put Jules in a residential care home. That's why I kicked him out the last time. The nearest one is more than a hundred miles away, up in Buckinghamshire. I hate that he got me to even google that."
"I'm glad you could join us, Violet," Pichler says amicably as she arranges herself into her usual chair by her desk. "I'm sure Sherlock is, too."
"No. There are already too many centres in London for that, says that weasel they hired as Trust strategist. We just can't seem to find our niche, and Ormond Street's plan for a hydrocephalus unit is kind of the last straw."
** Due to a workplace accident, Sherlock ended up in a halo vest for a cervical vertebra fracture in
"He whispers the word, remembering how he’d just evaded Mrs Hudson on the issue. “It's just not on. And damages? Let's talk about those. Who put that scratch across the kitchen table? Who put the scorch marks on the ceiling? Who put acid down the sink without checking whether the pipework was plastic rather than metal?"
I take a moment to just stand at the kerb, the plastic bag gripped hard in my hand without making a move to climb into the back seat, the door of which Philipp is holding open for me.
"Right. Lessons for beginner. Once she goes, you, Masha and I drink vodka and we teach you how to act like you love a woman."
It's no better that night when John finally returns. Sherlock is a bundle of nerves. The day's inactivity weighs heavily, and John's mood has not improved. He takes seven newspapers out of a carrier bag and drops them on the coffee table, along with his phone. "Congratulations, your resurrection got more coverage than your death."
She'd realised her mistake when he'd returned and told her too much about herself that had never been on any CV. Her father had been a Provo, a high-ranking military figure in the Provisional IRA, who had been turned by the British Government. If the truth ever came out, he'd be murdered. Half of the money she’s making in London is going into a savings account to buy her parents a new identity and a new life in Canada someday. Until then, she'll be at Magnussen's mercy. He gets off on it, bullying her into accepting the worst sort of abuse, because he knows she won't complain or resign. Tormenting her is part of the man's daily ritual.
For whatever reason Silvergirl chose her name, I thank her for the inspiration she has provided to me in this story.
Sebastian is grinning into the pillow, pleased that Jim is finally paying him some attention. He lifts his head enough to say "Survivors, too—they'll keep the story on the front pages for days. He's going to have to face the press now; can't hide something this big."
. Then he opens WhatsApp and scrolls to the last question John sent him, the one he hasn't answered yet.
Sherlock leans back, as if surprised by John's reaction. "What difference does that make? It won't make solving the case any easier. We have to finish what Moriarty started in Morocco all those months ago."
He stops off first at Waterloo, but there is no sign of the homeless girl under the bridge, making him annoyed. She must have taken his fifty quid and done nothing more than laugh at him. John spends almost an hour scouring the tunnels, checking the underpasses. After he clatters down the first tunnel, he enters the second and slows down long enough to read the poetry on the wall:
He drags out of his disguise box the sad smile and puppy-dog eyes. "Whatever I might prefer, this work matters. People are getting hurt. Lives are at stake."
Edgar continues his explanation. "Adrienne, a friend who has done the customisation for mine and programs my Excel spreadsheets, is quite clever; she works for Digital Shadows as a programmer. MI5's been trying to court her for
Whatever reluctance Sherlock normally has about being in the back of a police car is set aside in the rush to get to Baker Street. Lestrade drives like a bat-out-of-hell, and John tries to breathe. There's been no answer to the phone call he's made to her flat. If Moran has hurt Mrs Hudson, if he's laid a finger on her, then John's going to take it out of the man's hide. And keep yelling at Sherlock the whole damned time about how stupid he'd been to play games with Moriarty and Moran in the first place.
Mycroft's habitual smugness grates on Sherlock's nerves. He decides to probe his brother's ignorance a little deeper.
.. here, this does not matter. The rules, the law, require he give consent to share medical information."
was accepted to Harrow and then later to Cambridge. Finally, someone had recognised what Violet had seen: that if her son got the right encouragement — if someone dared to push him far enough — he could succeed, could find a career that suited him. She still fears that the medical path he eventually chose on his own is a way of pain, but he keeps insisting that he's happy. Seeing him in that documentary, operating on that young man with a brain tumour… it had been extraordinary. Violet still doesn't know what to make of it. She had made George watch the rerun with him. '
Mycroft makes himself an open sandwich, then eats it by the kitchen counter — exceptionally casual for the older Holmes — watching me as I put food out onto two plates; one for me and one for Sherlock.
He couldn't be more wrong. Yes, there are the usual trolls, clearly trying to start something but lacking the intelligence or finesse to draw him into a fight ... like he’s really going to bother responding to
But in the end, he decides to trust that it has been Sherlock giving the instructions. So, he turns left onto the narrow dead-end road, past various houses with cars parked up on the pavements to let other residents drive past and then at the end, walks past the sign and into the park on a wide path between the trees. There is no one else in sight; the park never closes, but Christmas Day's indoor festivities and the weather are keeping pedestrians to the more accessible areas of the park. It's probably the reason why Sherlock chose this place as the rendezvous point.
Originating in Argentina, the tango was a dance of immigrants and lower classes, often danced between two men, due to the shortage of available women. A good tango dancer is one who transmits a feeling of the music to the partner, leading them effectively throughout the dance, which relies heavily on improvisation. Tango is often called the vertical expression of a horizontal desire, e.g, a substitute or foreplay for sex.
Instead he prepared glasses with two fingers of whisky each, handed one over and settled into his chair. It seemed strangely more comfortable now, as though even his furniture improved with John’s presence.
John's RAMC career is a topic often brought into any conversation pertaining to sex. He grins in the low light. His Sandhurst reunion is coming up in a few months, and the invitations should be arriving soon. He hopes that it's an open function and that Sherlock would be willing to join him for the weekend.
. Everyone knows Europeans are much more culturally inbred than us so no wonder they'd rather make a project fail than to let an American helm it. They probably chose you because you'll look pretty in the promo pictures."
The prospective PA had stuck around at Sherlock's invitation after they had returned from a meeting at Steadman's London officers and are discussing what sounds like staffing issues. While Sherlock is monologuing about architectural things related to the new unit with the occasional segue into medical details of the shunt design project, Edgar is listening to him with rapt attention and jotting down notes.
Discussing Sherlock's past history of drug abuse, previous suicide attempts, and periods of rehabilitation had been a highly unsavory task. Of course, it wasn't the first time he'd been called upon to give an account of his little brother's mistakes. It's the burden of being the responsible older sibling.
From over his shoulder, Sebastian watches Jim adjust his tie in the mirror. Perfectly presented in his light-grey Vivian Westwood suit, Jim cuts a fine figure of fashion, right down to the matching shoes. Sebastian prefers to dress like the soldier he is, nothing to attract unwanted attention. A sniper needs camouflage. His dark navy jacket is roomy enough to conceal his weapon, and to keep his arms free. The white button-down shirt is a blend, loosely cut to avoid showing off too much of his musculature. No need to alert any potential opponent about what could lie underneath the fabric.
At least he'd accepted the paracetamol tablets offered. He'd refused breakfast, hobbled down the corridor leaning on my arm to use the loo and then back again. The grimace he couldn't suppress as he got out of bed is indicative that his rib is giving him pain. It had been obvious as soon as the blankets had been pushed away that the bruising is starting to come out everywhere.
"This may help resurrect you." Sherlock pours the brandy into the glasses on the coffee table. "It's okay to be frustrated at first. I hope you won't get discouraged. I really want to continue; it's a great opportunity to keep seeing each other."
"Seeing you in it, walking about like you own the place. Because you do. Because you owned up to the fact that you could do this and told me to stuff it when I got sceptical and I'm so fucking pleased for you. Proud, if you don't think saying so is too… I don't know. You don't always seem to like it when I say that. I don't mean for it to sound condescending, or that you need my approval."
He knows the answer. This is dangerous thinking. But he can no more walk away from the idea than he can fly; after all, what else has he got? He has to consider the possibility that Sherlock is indeed alive and try to work out what all of this means. It is possible that someone did this to Sherlock, but the fact that he'd showed up on the roof with the epipen suggests that he was at least participating in this farce. And for the time being, he is not going to question
"I talked to him this morning. I already told him about the offer and that you are thinking about it."
… Oh God. Had Sherlock taken that literally? He stopped Jim from carrying out that threat against John. He found a way to cheat Moriarty—to cheat death—by dying first.
Jim looks down at Sebastian’s knee again and his whole demeanour appears to change. Gone is the look of macabre fascination and in its place, pure hatred.
“But you said,” Sherlock starts towards him, hoping what? That he can convince John otherwise by invading his personal space?
Jim reaches down with one lube-slicked hand and grazes the underside of Sebastian's rock-hard cock then brushes back over his balls and perineum. "Where have
like Moriarty. Someone who shares his genetic code, right down to the structure of his vocal tract.”
"And as a boss? I mean, he must have a lot of responsibilities to deal with; is he a micro-manager or does he let you get on with things?"
“He landed in Belfast, yeah?” John offers, “that means he probably went to check out the farm in Oghill first.”
"Christ, I wished you'd told me yesterday. Now I'm going to look like a right berk — or worse, a liar — to Lestrade."
"Of course," Edgar promises. "I simply thought it best to mark the official occasion with such a designation."
As the journey continues down the mountain roads in the deepening twilight, my thoughts drift along to how Sherlock has changed over the years to let me into his life. When we first met, he was an emotional porcupine whose knee-jerk reaction was to repel people forcefully before they had a chance to hurt him. The timing of our first meeting was serendipitous; he was under so much pressure that he ended up seeking my help. It appeared he had no one else to turn to; otherwise, I doubt he would have opened up to me like that about being on the Spectrum. He still treats it as something of a dark secret he guards carefully, and he remains a fiercely private person whose work persona is a carefully constructed act. Few and far between are the precious moments when he feels safe enough to allow other people to get to know him a bit. I've always felt like an elephant in a china shop when trying to manage our relationship but then again, that's not dissimilar to how he has described his difficulties in deciphering my expectations and emotions. We're two idiots in love, it seems, but we've had years to learn how to read one another.
She sighs. "You're a good man, Sherlock. I suppose I shouldn't be selfish. I do like spending time with you but I understand. Okay, a pass for tonight."
Sherlock glares at Mrs Hudson before tossing the offending bear back on the table to pick up one of the handmade cards, the design of a crown atop uppercase black font, a replica of the war motivational poster produced by the British government in 1939 in preparation for World War II.
“But you stood in it. Not on the phone, or anything. Just stood there, getting soaked. It’s why I waved you over when you came in. Are you sure you’re well?”
When you shout at him to leave you alone, he has the decency to do so, unlike the neighbour two floors above you who likes to party all Saturday night with speakers that are probably the size of your fridge. You know better than to ask the neighbour to keep it down; besides, it drowns out that voice in your head. What you like most of all here is that no one knows you. You are anonymous, just another nearly-middle-aged boring bloke. When you drag your weary body home from the clinic, it's to a microwaved ready-meal, consumed while sat in a threadbare chair in front of the telly.
When the fist comes at him in answer to his taunt, John ducks. It's one advantage of being a lot shorter than your opponent; it tends to throw their aim off.
"It's not giving up! I'm not delegating the important parts — I'm making sure I get to focus on those by getting help on the other stuff."
I can't stop myself before the words are out. "Maybe if I had, you wouldn't have been nearly killed in the avalanche."
John clears his throat. "I know you're going to get more information today but help me understand what it is about the offer that is enticing you," he tries.
The Coroner is unaware of his discomfort as the vibrations continue. She asks, "in your opinion was your brother depressed?"
Mike's eyes narrow on him. “There were other blood tests before this one, as part of the police investigation? And other DNA tests, like hair?”
Sherlock's strides are naturally longer than Moriarty’s, so he shortens his step a little. The heel of his boot sinks into the grassy soil, and the muscles in his calf and thigh tighten to compensate. He stops, waiting for Moran to call the next step. Timing is everything in this battle; he has to let his revelations sink into Moriarty's consciousness. He has to give the Irishman the chance to think it all through, to imagine his humiliation in the eyes of the public when the tissue of lies that he's built are torn apart.
He regrets the words the minute they have been said. Sherlock has not seemed hesitant at all to share details about himself with Edgar since many personal titbits are things the man needs to know to help organise their life, but this has always been something Sherlock has sought to conceal from everyone. John wonders if he'll be livid that he's said it. He sighs. The damage is now done, and he can only hope Edgar will keep his promise not to tell Sherlock what John has gone and said.
John finally skewers Sherlock with direct eye contact. "Good question. What does it mean, Sherlock?" He tries to control his tone of voice, to take the edge off his anger, but the sight of Sherlock sauntering in as if he didn't have a care in the world re-ignites the burn of last night.
Clad in a pair of cream linen trousers and an equally creased and crumpled navy-blue linen shirt, a pair of worn espadrilles worn without socks, Mycroft sits contented under the awning and waits for his lunch to arrive.
Sherlock scowls. He can never tell when John is being dense on purpose or when he truly can’t decipher what Sherlock wants him to just… deduce. Best to just be blunt, then.
She saw Molly watching Sherlock as she prepared to pour tea in the kitchen, a happy thoughtfulness on her face. And she saw John watching him as he crossed into the kitchen after a teacup clattered against its saucer.
His only saving grace is that Moran, standing close by his Moriarty’s right side, an ornate wooden box held in front of him, clearly is not. Sherlock moves to John’s right alongside him, then shoulder to shoulder they make their way to the centre of the clearing, John’s hands stuffed deep in the pockets of his jacket, his left palm curled securely around the Browning's grip.
I guess, after a shared childhood watching Sherlock react intensely to things other children didn't even notice or just shrugged off, his brother has got a point. I'm not going to ask what his parents did in such situations; I have sworn never to take a single Sherlock-management tip from Violet Holmes. That woman is a big part of the reason for much of why our relationship and Sherlock's career and his social life has been such a minefield. Yes, I know it's largely because he's on the Spectrum, but there are constructive ways to deal with that and destructive ways to do so. Teaching your kid to express negative feelings and listening to them respectfully were not things found in Violet's bag of tricks.
He shakes his head, puts the violin back in its case and loosens the bow strings. "Enough for tonight. I like my coffee hot."
smugness. You can't banish from your head Sally Donovan's comment on that first night you met her: "One day we'll be standing around a body and it will be Sherlock Holmes that put it there."
“Forgive me, but: are you certain it’s not just you, who’re afraid to level with him? Afraid of how he’ll react?”
, you will find that people who love each other are the best placed to deliver the most painful blows."
John takes the now empty water glass to the kitchen, returning soon with a duvet and preparing mentally for the sweltering heat he's bound to soon have to put up with since he'll be having his lap covered with both a thick, down-filled duvet and a lanky git of a consulting neurosurgeon lost to the world.
“He’s here because I asked him to come,” Lestrade comes to stand next to Sherlock. “Just give it a rest both of you.”
It's John asking it not of him, but of someone else. Why does that rankle so? Shouldn't John be asking whether he's alright, too? Isn't that what friends do? He can hear the doctor's solicitude in his voice. Perhaps the boy is one of John's patients, someone who has taken over in the doctor's attention span, a place Sherlock had once found himself, and wished he still was.
Moran gets up and walks over to him. "You really do have a death wish. Sorry I can't oblige you on this occasion."
you. But not that way, not so much anymore. Not as a carer or a minder or a cleaner-up-of-my-mistakes. I need you to love me. Just that. When you do, then I feel like I have a foundation on which to build, because if… if you can appreciate me, then maybe I'm not so…" he trails out and sighs.
The wine is warming my cheeks, and I realise I haven't had any dinner. Sherlock obviously couldn't go out to eat with me, so it had just slipped my mind. This is odd; I am usually quite meticulous about observing mealtimes and making sure he does as well.
"I'm sure it wasn't," Edgar offers eagerly and politely. "Sherlock… if I may ask; why is it that you think you are particularly ill-equipped for certain things?"
This is exactly what Sherlock had been worried about at the session this afternoon with Joanna. First, he'd not been able to put things into words the way that he'd wanted, and now his fumbling explanation is being thrown in his face. What John is saying he agrees with; he shares those exact worries. He
Struggling to sit up, Sherlock finally manages it, slumped with his back to the concrete wall. His lips sting mightily from the pulled adhesive, so he tries to swipe his tongue over them. He's dehydrated and thirsty as hell, but manages to croak out, "why?"
The expression he gives you cannot be summarised. There is hope, affection, even love in there, too. Softly, a bit tentatively Sherlock says gently, "Write about your life now." He holds out the book.
Holmes stands back, pulling his right glove off. He takes a piece of paper out of his jacket pocket, stuffs it into the glove and then tosses it through the shattered glass into the living room. He looks straight up into the camera, letting the lens see his face in full view and then says in a voice loud enough to be heard over the noise, "Jim Moriarty, you are a fake, a fraud. Defend your honour, or I will tell the world what kind of a coward you are."
Once again on the defensive, Sherlock sighs. "I wanted to talk to Joanna about the idea so that I could clarify my own thoughts about it."
Two days later, Sherlock uncharacteristically confesses that he's been having migraines, bad enough to interfere with The Work but not severe enough to incapacitate him and drive him into the den of darkness and solitude of his bedroom. John sighs and swats him with a pillow.
“Seeing the two of you like this? Happy, and reflecting it back to one another? It’s breathtaking,” she said softly. She drew in a deep breath and plunged on, “You should show him the rest.”
He does a victory lap around the board room table. "You can run, you can try to hide, Mycroft Holmes, but it won't get you anywhere. The powers that be are going to rip into you because this is ALL.
There is an accusation in that comment that is not framed as a question. Somehow, John has decided that there is blame to be doled out and is trying to twist things so that it belongs with Sherlock. Maybe it's best to try to find a way to take the steam out of this conversation. "I had to speak to Stella because she was the one who made the offer. I wanted to talk to Joanna to plan how to present the idea to you."
The satisfaction of finally having Moran right where he wants him fades as all John can do now is watch helplessly, as Sherlock and the Irishman square off back-to-back in the middle of the clearing.
"Because in a research unit involving many doctors, the staff would be keener than average to challenge a bad, political recruitment choice? Because Steadman and Dahl's involvement means external pressure to get things done?"
“Oh yeah, which game?” John inquires, trying to find his footing in all the madness in a moment of normalcy.
Jim uncrosses his legs and gets to his feet, his finger raised in warning. Sebastian knows to say nothing else.
Sherlock has been deposited into the chair next to Mrs Hudson's doily-covered table. His mien is always pale, but there is a slightly ashen tinge to it, and his eyes are closed, his left cheek leaning against the wall.
"I believe he was attempting to make a similar point tonight. That we all have something. And that we all need a bit of help."
“That’s not possible. I will leave him a message, but it will take some time to get back to you. He has been in a series of meetings all day regarding his brother’s death. The Metropolitan Police Commissioner has launched an investigation into whether cases that Sherlock worked on have to be reviewed because the convictions have been compromised.”
Sherlock glances at the wall clock and does not hesitate to be honest. "I thought I was supposed to meet with Seamus Murphy, the project manager putting together the research plan for the new Steadman Paediatric Neurosurgery Unit here. I've been updating him on the progress of the multi-centre study of my shunt design. He wants it to be run out of the new unit since GOSH one of our biggest patient recruitment centres."
John is pretty sure his eyebrows have shot straight to the roof. His blood-pressure most certainly has. “Me? Explain to him?” His incredulous tone is only matched by how gob-smacked Lestrade is currently looking.
He's now wrestling his base layer off; it clings tighter than a second skin. I have to resist the temptation to assist as it moves up to expose the taut muscles over his abdomen. When Sherlock's head is covered by a shirt, those flailing elbows can do a lot of serious damage to someone my height; I still get ribbed about the time I went into King's with a black eye and explained to Lestrade that I'd managed to be in the wrong place at the wrong time when Sherlock was undressing.
," John says, in the same tone. "It could have been SUDEP... Sudden Unexpected Death in Epilepsy", he adds for the benefit of Lestrade and company.
Sherlock has stepped away from the windows, arms crossed and looking like he expects John to move. The second John steps back from watching the staff moving about the lab, he starts heading for the end of the corridor.
He expects John to hang up, but instead, he seems to sense that Sherlock still feels restless and disappointed in himself, because he asks, "Sherlock? Everything alright?"
Once she's produced the desired swipe card from the reception desk on Level Thirty-Four, Sebastian flashes her a big smile and makes a note of her name in the little black book he always carries. "Now, Miss Simons, can I ask for one more favour?"
As the cherry on top of everything, a pile of patient complaints two unit heads have requested John to review and co-sign are waiting on his desk.
Branger shakes his head. "That's in the American Pacific Northwest, yes?" The nod he gets does not change the guide's expression. "Different powder. Your coastal weather conditions mean it's wetter, slower, gets more packed; you will need extra care here. And it is a lot steeper here in the Alps. The backside has some very challenging descents — they may be considered
to leave. Making me choose between here and Sherlock is… a bit hard to get my head around. If I stayed here, and it became the reason why he turned this offer down, it would mean you were asking Sherlock to choose between furthering his career and working with me. That's not fair, and I wouldn't want him to hold back because of me. The whole point of this is the part-time deal. It means he wouldn't have to choose."
Some far-from-maternal woman (aged 45, dressed 20) was droning on about her hesitancy in joining a dating site:
to happen. The paperback novel—one of those useless thrillers that he'd once enjoyed for their mindless escapism—lies abandoned on the floor. It used to annoy Sherlock that John left books cracked open like this.
“As-salamu alaikum,” Sherlock offers by way of greeting, gritting his teeth through the aches of the fading buzz.
I don't need a second invitation. Turning my skis down, I launch into pristine snow and am instantly reminded of why this is so remarkable. As much as I enjoy skiing anywhere, being on powder is even better.
He commiserates. "It's hard at first. But the salsa is a party dance, a sexy dance. It should suit you." As the female singer belts out the song, he translates the Spanish lyrics, "Life is a carnival. Anyone that thinks that life is always cruel, they really need to know it's not like that."
" He smirks in a way that fuels John's rage into incandescence. "I don't get it myself. I mean, what's to like? Was he a beast in bed? Is that what you saw in Holmes?
Mycroft looks mildly affronted. Sherlock does what he can to stifle a smirk. John catches his eye and glares at him in warning.
He kneels down on the cold, wet grass opposite Moran, the box resting between them. He doesn’t take his eyes of Moran but in his peripheral vision he tracks Moriarty moving to the left to give himself a better view and feels Sherlock behind him do the same.
"No problem. This is what I am paid to do. Better to be helping someone who is seeing to the welfare of an injured skier than transporting a load to yet another
"What about now?" Jim demands as he releases Sebastian's shoulder and grabs a hold of his hips with both hands. The force causes Sebastian's thighs to contact painfully with the edge of the Porsche's trunk.
Warily, he asks, "Does that really matter? You told him the truth; I've not applied for anything that is being advertised."
Mycroft’s moves to stand behind him, reading the words on the screen over his left shoulder—John‘s blog and the last message Sherlock had sent him:
Sherlock shakes his head. "Not worth bothering. Leave him to Mycroft." He slides under the sheets and blanket, then holds out his arm, which John inspects for a suitable vein. The doctor frowns at the sight of the fresh bruises in the crook of his left elbow. Sherlock knows that John's visceral hatred of his old drug habit will be an issue that will complicate later discussions. He's not forgiven the fact that Sherlock had used while he'd been trying to crack the Moriarty ‘flight chaos’ case. "Not my fault this time," Sherlock murmurs.
There is a very small, knowing smile. "You and me both," Sherlock replies. "You tell me yours; I'll tell you mine."
“What… are you… doing here?” Jim muses as he crosses the room, the plush carpet muffling his footsteps. “Do you have a death wish, my dear Sebbie?”
Edgar lets out a dry laugh. "I would expect a doctor to have better people skills than some of the fashion high-flyers I have worked with."
"I'm your friend, Mary. I don't want you to get hurt."  Janine can only hope that Mary accepts the lie.
Halfway up the steps, the holly bushes give way and John's attention is drawn to a solitary figure sitting on a park bench, some thirty feet away.
I'm half-way down the corridor as another visitor is headed towards me. He's somewhere in his early fifties, a tanned and lined face, with eyes looking sad and weary. He glances at my name badge and suddenly stops. "John Watson?"
John shakes his head. "Just something you said made me think. Doubting Thomas … I don't suppose you have a Bible up here? I'd like to find that bit."
He ignores the man with the gun and drops to his knees, gathering John in his arms. A river of silent tears runs down his face. John lifts a hand to trace their path on his cheek as Sherlock feels the blood seeping through the fabric of John’s shirt and staining his own. In the same vicinity as his previous bullet wound — the one that had sent John home from Afghanistan and on a trajectory into Sherlock’s life. But this wound, this time it’s a little further south, just over his heart …
For once, it's John who is first out of the car and at the door of Baker Street as soon as the Lestrade's car comes to a halt. He starts to get his key out, but stops, realising the door is ajar.
“Erm, my name is Philip Michael Anderson, I am a Senior Crime Scene Officer currently attached to the Forensic Service, working with the Metropolitan Police's Major Investigation Teams."
The shock in the man’s eyes gives way to suspicion and then anger as John mutters, “Sorry, sorry … I’m sorry” and rushes out the door, hurrying down the street, putting as much distance between himself and what just happened as fast as he can.
A slab of snow is descending down the face of the mountain above us. The fracture lines are growing, extending in my direction. My ears pick up an ominous rumble which sounds like a thundercloud on the horizon.
Then he finally does it. Down there, in the damp cold, to the spilt blood from Sherlock’s body on the bunker floor. All those things he had wanted to say to Sherlock but hadn’t.
Again, it’s a gamble to assume that he's going to respond, but John hesitates only a moment before he steps up, bending down to take a closer look at the body. “Umm,” John looks to Anderson who then looks to Lestrade for permission. Anderson reluctantly gets to his feet and hands John a pair of nitrile gloves. Crouching down by the victim’s head, John gently palpates the victim’s neck and examines the nasals passages and mouth before opening and then closing the man’s eyelids. Then he gets back to his feet and clears his throat.
Sherlock kept doing these things, these wonderful, startling things when it came to Rosie. He had no duty to her — being a Godfather was probably nonsense to the man who thought like Marx that God was an opiate for the masses, a lie told to children — and she was the offspring of a woman who had brought much ill fortune to his life.
The voice in your head doesn't try to conceal his excitement. Sherlock had loved snow like this and he'd gone down on his knees into the snow beside the confusion, deducing the footprints at fever pitch, telling you exactly how many people had passed this way, what sort of people they were and why they were walking here.
"Yeah, well, it's like taking a bone marrow sample. If I had a patient with hypothermia and scarred antecubital veins, I would have probably gone for the drill bit, too."
Definitely a key sherlockian feature, yes. Words are not his friends when he's upset. "I guess he just needs time to process things."
"I could still try to reschedule the dental treatment for a week when I'm not quite so tied up," John reminds himself more than Edgar.
What's wrong with him; he hasn't thought about the man in years. He pushes that thought under the surface until it stops struggling to be free.
Jim pushes himself back off his knees and to his feet, regarding Sebastian with a measure of disgust. He tosses the knife onto Sebastian's belly and it nicks the skin before bouncing off and to the ground. After the threat of amputation of his leg, he feels nothing. Jim holds his hands up, rotating them as he examines his fingers, covered in Sebastian's blood.
"Well, we both know how that's gone." Sherlock tries to avoid sounding too snide. He wonders if it is good time to mention the other conclusion that he'd come to, once he posted up the ATC text message that had been sent to each of the pilots telling them to pass on the news that they'd been hacked and the near-miss they'd just survived was only the start. Instead of the London Terminals Control Centre's call sign ending the message that came up on their screen, it had been signed 'M'.
Eventually Sherlock had just told him to shut up and let him think.  With a doctor’s unerring ability to sleep anytime, anywhere, John had put his head down and taken a nap. How he hated that fact now; the acid of hindsight eats into him that he’d wasted his last few precious hours in Sherlock’s company. Perhaps if he’d been awake, asked the right question, made Sherlock actually tell him what the hell was going on, things would have ended somewhere other than on that bloody pavement.
"You've told me you have a reputation among neurosurgeons. Do you think that your fellow physicians have never speculated on the possibility of a neuropsychiatric explanation?"
After a round of calls it becomes evident that John's last hope is Terry Miller, a cardiothoracic anaesthetist who's worked long stints in neuro as well. John's plea, however, falls on deaf ears.
What Lestrade worries about the most is patient care, so it's not a bad strategy. Sherlock is about to admit as much when his phone vibrates on the table. He drops his fork and picks it up, glancing at the screen. "It's John," he tells Edgar.
He leaves me there with my head in my hands and starts making his way towards his bedroom before pausing and turning back to me.
"After I organised the repairs," John concludes in more than a grumpy tone. "She's getting tired of it, and so am I."
you had to do that alone. You could have asked for my help then and we wouldn’t be in the situation that we are now.”
is simple: a dash down Frith Street, crossed by Old Compton Street, double back on the pavement to avoid the one-way traffic and then back out to Shaftsbury Avenue.
Shedding my helmet and gloves as fast as I can, I bend down closer to listen while using my fingers to dig beneath his face, opening a passage through the snow to his nose. When I withdraw my hand, there is blood on it. Cuts from the ice when he landed face down? The airway sounds okay to my ears; he's breathing rapidly, and definitely unconscious, but as I hold the back of my hand in front of his mouth, I can feel air moving. A touch to his wrist shows me his heart rate is elevated, no doubt due to the trauma; blood pressure still tolerable judging by the firmness of the radial pulse. Should he be turned and rearranged into the recovery position? Can I immobilise his cervical spine while doing it? Unlikely.
All that's left now is whether Sherlock can deliver the winning touch, the point of his weapon striking the mortal wound. If he can succeed, then Mycroft will be spared the ignominy of exposure, and he will have a chance to try to resurrect his relationship with John.
His friends have already cleared the mogul field and are swooping down the straight, speeding away, totally oblivious to their friend's struggles. As he reaches the next mogul, he tries to compensate for the problems he's having with his outside ski but ends up producing the dreaded A-frame, when his two skis are separated with his knees still tightly together.
Sherlock gave her a rather tight smile. “For two people who had never danced before, a slow waltz sufficed. And I only did four short lessons with John; Mary was too busy. It’s easier if at least one of the pair knows what they are doing.”
As his spoon scrapes the bottom of the cereal bowl, Sherlock realises he's finished his dinner. Not what John would call it, but so what? Sherlock had fancied it, and he can decide for himself. He removes his glasses and rubs his closed lids with his fingertips. Pouring himself another cup of tea from the pot, he wanders over to his usual armchair and sits down, imagining what John would be saying to him right now if he were seated in his chair opposite.
She could feel his eyes on her as she stepped past him, carrying the tray out into the sitting room. She only just heard his softly breathed, “Thank you.”
“Yes. Should have—brought an umbrella.” Words came slowly and stiltedly; his mind was so very much elsewhere.
“Of course,” Sherlock assures him with complete sincerity, “who else? This is a battlefield, John, and I know of no one else I'd rather have on my side than you. If you want an incentive, according to etiquette,
"How do you think that went?" Sherlock asks Edgar as they walk out of the main entrance to Great Ormond Street Hospital. "I have no way of judging," he admits.
I grin at his inevitable literalness. "Then, let's put the time to good use before your brother arrives to spoil things." I scoot closer to where he is sitting, put my hand on the nape of his neck and pull him into a kiss. I resist the urge to pull him against me for fear I'll disturb his cracked rib.
"You'll just have to ignore your Doctor and get on with this,” Mycroft informs him matter-of-factly. “You need to focus. How would he plan to bring down a plane? Which plane? Where? To what purpose?"
"What do you assume would be his answer if you asked for his opinion on whether this new opportunity is a good idea?"
to do in his own. Surely, Macdonald's failure means that the Steadman company should have severed ties with him?
I worm my fingers through the snow in front of my chest pocket and wiggle the phone out. I can't see it, and nearly slips from my fumbling gloved fingers. I can't operate it blind, but thankfully there's an alternative. "Hey Siri, connect call; put me on speaker."
“It’s not going to help … all of this,” Mycroft sweeps a hand in the direction of the living room wall. “It’s not going to bring him back.”
She snorts. "The murder was because he was involved with a drug cartel. I'm just lucky to have escaped all that, thanks to Sherlock." She takes a bite of the biscuit, chasing it down with a sip of tea. "Anyway, back to those thumbs, John. Mrs Turner next door got her boys to sign a flatmate agreement. Why don't you think of doing the same? She got one off the internet, and it made a world of difference. No more electric guitar playing by one of hers after eight o'clock."
Sherlock has to hand it to the man who sits across from him; he certainly knows how to secure a prisoner. His moment of admiration however, is cut short when Moran’s voice slices through the silence of the room.
Despite his casual assertions to the contrary John’s not an idiot. He may have missed it on the night, caught up in the whirlwind that was Sherlock back in his life, them on a case. But looking back, Sherlock was showing all the signs of a comedown after the debacle on the Heath. In the back of the cab. Sweating, tense, fidgeting.
Lestrade lifts up a finger. "You — just shut up. But good luck, anyway. Being a boss isn't half as great as some people think," the older neurosurgeon warns him.
Janine had found the corridor and the window two days ago, when she'd left the studio looking for a loo. A wrong turn and curiosity had revealed a secret viewing spot, which she'd reported to the front desk, incensed that someone might be watching her when she was doing her lesson with Sherlock. She'd been assured that no one but the staff even knew it was there, and the corridor was just used for storage.
Not that anyone but John would have noticed the briefest hesitancy in observations, the minute pause before deductions, the tightness in his face, the slight creasing around his eyes.
Watson, ever the dutiful pet, nods at her words. Jim being Jim, raises his eyebrows and his palms in mock innocence.
His run of bad luck had started when he'd arrived at the clinic that morning. He'd taken off his rain coat  as he entered the staff break room and discovered that the pen in his shirt pocket had developed a leak, and the palm-sized blue stain had ruined a favorite shirt. A colleague had offered a shirt he'd collected that morning with his dry cleaning. It was snug on the shoulders, long in the arms, loose across John's belly, and pink. The receptionist covering for Mary, who was at her flat rearranging things to make room for John to officially move in over the weekend, had tried to suggest that wearing pink was a sign of confident masculinity. John had smiled politely and thanked Doctor Miller for the loan of the shirt, and thought how efficient it was to get the worst luck of the day over with so early.
"My guess is that they wanted him full time, but someone who knows that he turned them down before told them they'd get a better hearing if they offered it as a part-time thing."
instead of saying they would get back to you, period. It appears natural that they'd want an indefinite contract; that gives you less power to pull out. But, 56 % of NHS's higher admin staff recruited through invitation instead of an open process have fixed-term contracts," Edgar reveals. "Now, there's a highly regarded Italian restaurant a mere block from here, and the weather is favourable. Shall we?"
“It’s fine,” Sherlock replies though he knows that for both of them right now, everything is anything but.
? — but after hours in the empty flat, it is nowhere to be found. After a week of being barely able to contain his anger at Sherlock, at what Sherlock had done (to him), now he’s not even sure he remembers what it felt like; he's numb.
He decides not to add in the lives lost in the incident at the Beslan school in 2004. When he'd been asked to get her opinion on the likelihood of a Chechen-Islamicist alliance in North Ossetia, she'd taken it as an invitation to experiment. Her "advice" had been passed through diplomatic back channels and led to over a thousand people being taken hostage. The Russians had attacked the terrorists with tanks, rockets and heavy weapons. Three hundred and thirty-four people were killed, including one hundred and eighty-six children. When he confronted Eurus with the results of her strategy, she looked at him blankly. "You wanted a solution. You never said that it shouldn't involve deaths. It was the most efficient method of dealing with the situation, as Moscow has demonstrated."  He'd learned his lesson from that, and told other people not to ask her to solve problems without specifying that the strategy needed to minimise loss of life.
Then again, John has no idea what the personal assistants of the world's most high-powered executives have to put up with. Maybe they do have to be available 24/7, and they probably also get paid loads for it.
"While he was still under?" I am astonished — and relieved when Branger nods. Hearing the voices of his rescuers must have helped Sherlock keep calm. I suddenly realise it had to have been Branger he was on the phone with when I was trying to call him, too.
Oh God, the determination alone had John nearly there. Sherlock’s mouth was unbelievably warm on his skin, and when he removed it the moment he thought John was too lost in sensation, it grew very nearly unbearably cold—a deep chill seemed to pierce him to his core, a flame of ice. But thinking past the cold, there remained a comforting certainty that he was being carefully attended to. Almost scrutinised, in fact. No, absolutely scrutinised. And damn if that didn't have him feeling both safe and deeply cared for and completely unnerved at the same time.
John ignored the strong gusts ruffling his clothes and hair to continue his trek along the water line. This was a particularly beautiful, and often deserted stretch of coast – one of his favourite places for solitary walks on his days off. The sandstone cliffs that bordered the beach kept away all but the most determined of Muggles, leaving the Wizarding community to enjoy it in peace, apparating in and out with ease.
“Look, I’m sorry, but I have to go now.” John shifted his weight nervously. “You need to use the front door, and I need to use the back.”
“Anne Sheridan,” the man said, peering at the photo on Sherlock’s phone screen. “She’s not called Williams.”
“Sherlock, I love you. Don’t you ever forget that.” Came whispered fiercely by his ear before he drifted off.
“Victor, you’ve outdone yourself.” Sherlock reached around him to grab a bit of potato off the plate, popping it into his mouth.
Tom and Dom’s hands shot up, but Professor Lestrade ignored them to keep Alastaire fixed in his gaze.
Suddenly Sherlock had to blink back tears. A wave of shame swept over him threatening to send him weeping in earnest. “Prophets, John, I’m sorry, I’m so sorry.” Sherlock wiped his nose miserably on his sleeve.
Victor dug into a pocket, pulling out the small bag filled with white powder that he dangled between them. “Go on, Christian’s gagging for it.” He titled his head to the boy beside them.
The man had moved dangerously close, his thumbs caressing over Sherlock’s hand, as the smell of him danced over Sherlock nose, a pungent mixture of cologne, alcohol, and musky sweat.   Sherlock blinked at him and swallowed, momentarily at a loss for words.
A loud scrabbling noise issued from under the bed, and John nearly fell over in surprise. "CHRIST! Sherlock, what is that?" John fumbled for his wand.
The kiss was sweet as summer sunshine. It went on and on, filling him up, burning all the shadows away.
“So listen up. I’m only going to say this once. Sherlock is not the enemy. He’s helping the Resistance, but more than that, he is my lakayha.” John slipped his arm around Sherlock’s waist, tugging him slightly closer. “If you have a problem with him, you have a problem with me. The Resistance needs everyone to set their differences aside to work together. That’s first day shit. Are you two in or out? If you’re in, I don’t want to hear another word about Sherlock unless it’s about how great he is. Got it?”
Sherlock had to agree. The place steeped in a rich combination of melted butter, ground spices and a sharp undertone of pine from the many evergreen garlands hung festively around the room.
John sucked a bit of cream off a finger. "Is that a name I can call you everywhere, or is that just for in bed?”
