denial.  And whether it was the spell or not; having Castiel’s pre-come oozing stick slick in his mouth, hearing the angel gag on pleasured moans and rutting in between his lips, feeling the way his dick suffocated him at every meeting trust – was fucking amazing and one of the best pies that Dean has tasted.
He could hear Sam snort, although he didn’t know what had been funny.
“You think I don’t understand,”
"Dean, you specifically said,
Castiel moaned on Dean’s throbbing stick as Dean just kept exhaling air, turning his lungs into raisins. So thankful that Castiel was holding him against the door so strongly, else he’d flop down like a soft spaghetti. “mmmm…” Cas hummed as if he was tasting the most delicious treat he’s ever experienced. The angel had ‘oh, sweet ecstasy’ written all over his teary face choking deeper and deeper on Dean.
Dean would’ve shuddered if he wasn’t…
Although he wanted everything but
“ Cas I need you to
“What do you need Dean?” Cas just asked, being too busy with mouthing his skin too see the haunted expression of Dean’s face.
“A bed would be welcome.” Castiel replied as he suffocated a yawn. He didn’t feel like arguing back at Sam. It was probably wiser to do as he wanted since he was the one with more reason at the moment. Seeing things that Cas did not.
Two moments ago, Dean laid awake in his motel bed because of the simplest fact that he couldn’t sleep.
“Fucking great, ain't that perfect! Y-you... You just took away my chances of dying a human. Did you ever stop to think about that? O-or that maybe I didn’t want to be saved? Hell, you of all should know what that’s like.” Dean’s words were bitter, his mind drifting away at purgatory. The selfishness of the angel had wrath building up in his chest and sting at his blackened heart. The voice no longer beautiful to his ear, but only causing him rage. Another type of hunger screaming to be fed. Something that would still the boiling blood in his veins. He wanted to kill again, kill more scum like Professor White on Crowley’s contracts and he needed it now.
Dean gasped, feeling Cas’s thigh rub between his own.
Dean stopped munching for a moment. He really wasn’t feeling like telling Crowley about his Castiel-situation. He didn’t understand why the king of hell seemed to be so persistent tonight either, or looking extra bitchy with his pink drink garnished by a small umbrella.
He got up from his chair and strode off towards the corridors, stopping only to watch Sam throwing away the beer bottles, but leaving his work on the table as it were. “Thank you, Sam. For having me.”
Abandoning heaven for him…
He coughed, and looked up at her to give her a smile. She was a pretty blonde with just a few freckles that still hadn’t quite gotten to bloom yet, much like his own. But she turned away before he could give her a thanks.
He'd show him alright.
that is, was a means to channel his own distraught thoughts and anxiety. It was soothing to see others scream and squirm in terror and pain for it resonated with his own emotions, much like the Tacoma bridge collapsing. Every time he sliced at their skin and saw the red seeping through was a comfort, and as they bled out it felt as if he himself were being emptied from the things he had felt before. The fucking obsession, the hurt and the love. Every time they struggled to breathe was a mirror of himself feeling suffocated by his own tormented mind.
It was so quiet.
Charlie leaned in close as well to counter him, because she knew this would top everything he had thrown at him. The competitiveness was even apparent to the angel. "Kiss Castiel, for… 10 seconds!" She spoke. Dean felt his confidence run away from his body.
, slapping Cas’s face away kind of felt like a missed opportunity in a way, seeing as they hadn’t even kissed before. If Castiel’s mouth had felt so good on his ear and neck, then he could only imagine how it would feel against his lips… or on his cock.
Of course, he wouldn’t let Dean eat his sandwich in peace without being a nagging mother.
“Three!”
The calmness of the clouds and sky morphed into blues and gray as Dean placed the flowers down by the tomb stone, and Cas could finally see the ownership of the grave. The name Sam Winchester was written in silver lettering
Dean couldn’t manage to do anything but to give in and let his body do what it yearned for. He tilted his head and motioned it like a dance as he sloppily moved along with Castiel’s phase. The raw emotion of want spread through his body like a heat wave, just as when you walk outside on a hot summer day. He soon found it reaching down to his crotch area, he hadn’t noticed it before he felt it nudge against Castiel’s pants. The pressure against his bulge felt good, so good in fact that he couldn’t help himself to slip out a small moan.
“Damn it Cas!” Dean blushed as he felt Cas’s hot breath land a little too close on his bare skin. He backed off just the amount needed to deliver a slap on the seraph’s cheek. He knew it wouldn’t snap him out of it, but perhaps he’d at least manage to finish this conversation before they both would get sucked back inside the rabbit hole, because… They seriously shouldn’t do that again.
Castiel turned his head up towards Dean and he looked at him for a tiny while before asking “Truth or dare?”
Castiel’s eyes flickered through intense stares that made Dean feel more naked than he already was… and well, they both were completely nude. But not only that; the angel’s nostril flared like a bull preparing to charge at the matador, taking sharp inhales through his nose every time Dean would beg him in his mind… It was odd, a little too odd. Kind of like he could read his…
“I’m not stupid, boy. I’ll make
“If you have not called to unveil your location, at least tell me if you are alright… Please. I’m so sorry Dean.” The silent and somber tone of his voice snapped him back to present again, and with a large gulp in his throat.
Cas’s reply being one of the things that pissed Dean off to the core at this very moment. The angel had stated that he was scared he might kill himself if he went there.
“A refill for you sir,” The bartender said and poured the whiskey into Crowley’s glass. “and a Glencraig for the gentlemen here, at a discount. Looks like you need it, hun.” She continued and slid the glass into Dean’s field of view.
Cas purred before starting to suck the last bit of come from the tip of Dean’s dick like a straw, so sloppy, so inexperienced like some weird vacuum cleaner- but so fucking perfect, because it was Cas’s mouth.
“Just fetch the blade.” The king of hell growled.
He whimpered in an adorable fascination as he slid his hand inside his shirt and stroked at his chest. “
Castiel had seen the sunset more times than even his celestial mind could remember. Sometimes he appreciated it, but mostly it was just something there in the background of his busy life. But tonight the space above him was something extra, beaming so beautifully that he was nothing else but mute and in full wonderment, stuck with gazing upwards just to see the spectacle. The sun had just started to set and rendered the sky brightly orange as if the whole atmosphere was set on fire. The clouds slowly sailed the skies towards the horizon by the calm wind that breezed in the air. A warmth cast light on the animated trees, the flower-ridden grass, the gates, the gravel he walked on and the… tombstones he passed.
Jk, guess it'll be fun. We're going to learn about plants and species etc.
“Uh, well Cas told me yesterday. That uh, he had you trapped inside the bathroom… Because of a cherub love curse?”
It triggered the switch.
and didn’t help at all with the addiction he felt towards him. It only left him feeling teased, egged and wanting more now that he got the smallest taste of him. And an addict without his drug has a temperament only comparable to the craziest roller coaster. Mash up that factor with the mark of Cain and Dean wound up a moody serial killer.
It still bothered him.
. He had never felt this amazing before. And it wasn’t even over yet.
“Ah, nowhere in particular.” The king of hell responded innocently, but then shrugged his shoulders after a moment of silence, probably sensing that Dean didn’t believe him. “Fine, I went back. To the forest. Had to make sure the blade wasn’t there, but Castiel decided to make an entrance.”
If only he had been brave enough to pull him close and tell him how much he had wanted to be there in his arms. But even at the brink of death he felt himself cowering away and refusing that piece of himself to shine through. He didn’t deserve it, the only one he could afford to show few glimpses of his inside was Sam. But barely even his brother got to scratch beneath the surface of Dean. He couldn’t allow himself to be vulnerable and weak with someone, it only hurt more when they left.
Dean sucked his teeth.
Cas snorted into the phone with that delicious sassiness only he could deliver. The angel could take a few jokes, most of the times he didn’t understand them – but having his celestial persona be joked about in a belittling way was something his celestial ass couldn’t stand.
“You suffer from a concussion.” Cas stated, walking over to Sam. He brushed away the long locks of chestnut hair from Sam’s face which at this point looked just as pale as the bed-sheets they slept on. “I should heal you,” He murmured silently as he observed the torment Sam was in. It could all be over with a single touch.
, and if anyone was going to get smacked around by the angel, it was Dean, and if anyone was going to kill the angel, it was also Dean. Learning of Crowley’s impure fingertips even attaining the slightest touch onto Castiel was amplifying the need to mark his property, and take it back in ways he never had allowed himself to fantasize about before. But not before he’d chop off the Demon’s fingers, to take the touch back in a symbolic gesture.
Cas heard clutter of things falling down on the floor behind him and looked over his shoulder where he saw Sam flailing one hand towards a bin, the other hand was covering his stuffed mouth with something Cas knew wasn’t air. Before being able to aid the Winchester, Sam was clutching onto the bin and purged this morning’s breakfast into it with gnarly sounds. Still purging he stepped backwards to sit down on the infirmary bed again, nearly falling over.
Killing felt like a bodily cleanse, a murder detox.
“Dean, If you don’t stop, I’ll-“
sorry?” It was a weird and involuntary emphasis on the word ‘just’ which he hoped that Sam wouldn’t catch. He knew that Castiel wouldn’t.
” Cas said, licking his lips again before adverting his eyes up to Dean again, so yearning and flushed. And that’s probably when the Kitty Cas bomb went off, ‘cus his eyes seemed blacker than Dean’s self-hatred.
“I-I’m gonna-, oh, I’m gonna-!!“
“And… What did he say?” Dean further investigated, needing to know what Sam knew, because he assumed that he knew everything – but the details seemed pretty scarce. Perhaps Cas hadn’t told him about
And Castiel had no clue just how awful nightmares could be. How one’s own ghosts residing inside the mind could manage to achieve such despair that still haunted him now in his waking hours.
But he never got to ask him what his expression entailed.
Finished writing this at 5am.
Crowley sighed with annoyment growing between his eyebrows.
“By the way Cas. I found this note in your coat before loading the laundry machine. Thought you might want it. It’s uh… In enochian so I guessed it might be important?” Sam said as he pulled out a piece of paper from his pocket and lent it to him.
Dean let that thought sink in for a moment as he glared at Crowley who tip toed over the water puddles on the floor and for some reason folding Dean’s duvet neatly back on the bed. Those nasty and chubby fingers of him... growing larger and coming closer at him by each second. Dean tilted his head.
And he sighed when Castiel’s hand stopped.
He was dead silent, both in mind and soul as he came back to reality.
“Ah-! Cas don’t freaking move! I changed my mind! I changed my mind!!! Don’t move!” Dean yelped going from shut eye to wide eyed as the angel began groaning and wiggle around half asleep on top of him. Dean stuttered on an inhale as he stared down at Castiel’s messy black locks bobbing around with each movement. Every smooth wiggle and squirm felt like a bodily euphoria showering over him.
“Angel of the lord…” He muttered, thinking about how much he had deteriorated in his self-pity. He hardly recognized himself anymore. Had this been years ago he would never have believed that a single man could influence him like this. –
“Huh? Here?” Dean said as he wiped the wrong side on purpose, grinning mentally as Crowley stared at him with frustration.
” He whispered again on a sob, carefully thrusting his hips into Dean’s mouth while holding his head still by the fringe… and Dean moaned, feeling his cock slowly nudge the back of his throat, almost wanting to gag, just because
“Dean, I highly advice you to respire.” Castiel heeded but Dean only shook his head. He couldn’t let himself gasp. If he did he wouldn’t know what would come out of his mouth. Castiel grasped his twitching cock and began to pump him- but no sound came out from the him then either. He only pressed his head against the sheets harder. He could hear Castiel spit, and then it came. A thunderbolt spread his body as he was forced to breathe. He could feel Castiel enter his most precious space fully, and hit that sweet bump right on the spot, causing him to whimper uncontrollably.
Dean wriggled his hands loose from underneath him and reached out to grab Castiel’s shoulder. The plan was just to give him a shake, y’know waking him up like you do anyone. But as soon as Dean touched him while looking at him, a flash suddenly struck at him like an arrow.
“Yes, Cas. I am. I mean, I woke up and you were gone and then I found that text...” Sam took a deep breath and turned himself towards Castiel whose body had grown tenser at his scolding. He just waited and prepared for being cursed at, to hear how much Sam hated him. “And I’ve been really worried about you…
As in masturbating in secret to the conversation.
He scratched the back of his head and paced into the hotel bathroom, exquisite and fine with marbled tiles to fit Crowley’s acquired taste of luxury. Dean couldn’t give two shits about marbled tiles or modern chrome showers, but it was a nice change he guessed. Being in motel rooms would probably just remind him of his old life, and well, he wanted to be as far away from that as possible.
Dean stuttered on air, tongue stuck like a heavy rock inside his mouth.
Sam ran his thumbs slowly over the texture of the leathery wheel, his eyes focused on the distance behind the sweeping windshield as the rain scattered down in dancing speckles. Worry was written in his face. “I, uh..” Sam paused and gulped “I wonder how much of him is still Dean.”
“Ah, Goddamit Crow-“ A burp. “Crowley. Maybe this ain’t too shabby after all.” Dean said, swaying just a little despite not feeling
But as soon as he plopped into his seat and sighed out his frustration Dean found that he wouldn’t get to be alone inside the car either.
“Sorry Sparkles, jinxed him before you could get here.” The king of hell apologized in the most insincere way that even made Castiel able to hint the sarcasm in his voice. It was infuriating, the notion of Crowley snatching away Dean just before he could reach him. He had such a long history with the Demon, and his mind raised through all the times he could’ve killed him. He felt full of regret that he hadn’t. But as much as he wanted to attack him and end Crowley at this moment, he couldn’t, because he was the only lead available in order to locate Dean. Crowley seemed to thrive on this fact for the grin only grew wider as Castiel’s eyes darkened.
Dean panted and hardened his grip on Cas’s hair, legs shivering as if there was an ongoing earthquake. Although Cas was in a way rocking his world like a damn sumo wrestler stomping all over his reason. “w-what about not committing- ahhaH, adultery??” He wheezed, feeling his legs faltering and making Castiel growl. The angel fastened his grip on his hips and held him in place as he kept his mouth greedy like a leech on Dean’s cock. It was clear that he wasn’t allowed to move.
“I find Dean's music satisfactory.”
With a frustrated snarl Dean yanked himself up from the bed with the bedsheet wrapped around his shoulders, and with all of his diminishing self-control he darted to the motel bathroom and slam-locked the door behind him. He let out a whimper as he dashed his back against the door, his legs were trembling, and his hard cock were too.
Thinking about Dean.
He couldn’t let Dean’s word affect him, no matter how hurt the Winchester was.
“If I were to use none of my celestial abilities, I would have approximately 287 years left to live as a human.” Castiel turned around and searched around for the sewing kit. “Healing both of our injuries would subtract the total by one.” He continued as he rummanged the drawers.
Dean felt the same – but not more than
“Hurtful, truly. I thought we had grown close, Moose.” Crowley replied sarcastically as if he was sad. “No matter, see you, boys.” He snapped his finger and suddenly Castiel held onto nothing but the space between him and Sam.
Dean’s squirming grew tripled in aggression as he went full on panic-mode, realizing that the sensation wasn’t a weird one, it was in fact very much familiar to him, but the context was all wrong, because he felt it with Castiel. And he sure as hell shouldn’t feel like that with Castiel.
“What in the actual mother of all shit...” He muttered in disbelief.
Even at the point where his victim seemed lifeless, Dean would glance up at the ceilings where his lungs were hooked and dangling out from the back of his ribcage. He did that so he could see if the life had drained out of him. Always hoping that there still were tiny grains of sand left to rest his mind, that they hadn't yet gravitated down to the bottom space of the hourglass.
Usually as of late, he should only feel it with himself… in his bed, in the shower or wherever he was alone with his laptop.
So after the song he went back to her and buttered her up with all of his cheesiest pickup lines. Though found himself too drunk to even remember her name. Sleazily but with confidence saying
"W-woah hold on. That ain’t happening. Nope." Dean said quickly, raising his hands up in resignation. He felt his blood run up his ears, but it was probably just the alcohol. That's why his mouth felt dry all of a sudden. Yep, it's the alcohol. Not the fact that Cas sat beside him and stared almost like he was waiting for it to actually happen. He could see it in the periphery, it made him sweat. Nope, just the alcohol. Too many beers. Then the angel spoke, and Dean felt himself flinch emotionally.
“Well then, might as well get to it then, the reason I came.” Crowley said, bringing a new aura into the room of pure business.
Mind telling me-! “ Dean tried to collect his words but felt his body fold again as he spewed up more gray and gritty gunk. It looked awful enough to even make the demon's face twist into a pitiful cringe. He kept his head down and rested his hands on his knees, spitting out the nasty flavor in his mouth and trying his best to collect his breath. “Mind telling me, what the hell is going on?” He managed to squeeze out with soreness of his throat as the stomach acid burned against his vocal cords.
“N-no, I-“ And wasn’t that confession just the tip of the iceberg.
” I’ve lived 400 million years,”
, he could see it clearly as he analyzed the man in the mirror. His face was bedazzled with sharp and dark stubble and his hair were greasy enough that it could stand on its own. He hadn’t showered for days, and freshening himself up wasn’t something worth spending his grace on. He hadn’t even cleaned his clothes, nor changed them for that matter since he had left Sam. The only thing he had removed was his trench coat who still was muddy and bloody from both Dean and Metatron... and Crowley. It was neatly folded over the end of the bed frame.
“Jeez Cas, quiet down will ya? Don’t want you alerting Sammy, kay?” Dean smirked, hearing the angel haltering whatever it was he wanted to say with a sharp exhale. He looked down at his crotch, brows raising as he observed the bulge that Castiel had caused him. It made him feel playful- and a little naughty.
Castiel lowered his hand and looked at him intently, taking his time to just look at him as if it would be the last time they’d see each other for a very long time.
But everything had gone wrong shortly after they had gotten there. They were ambushed by Metatron and his ‘flying-ass monkeys’. If it wasn’t for Gadreel
“Oh, nothing of importance at this moment.” Castiel said as if the note wasn’t actually something that filled him with relief.
Maybe he could relate to that doe after all.
“Dean-!” Cas sobbed into him. Burying his face down as hard as he possibly could into him.
But he’d not explode him until he got to rip that smug grin off his despicable face-
Castiel groaned at the bright screen flashing from his phone. Despite the fact that his eyes were closed the light felt like fiery needles prodding their way through his eyelids as the phone vibrated beside his pillow. He had been sleeping, which was something he did a lot lately.
, you’re killing me.” He hated that he was begging - as much as he loved it. The lack of control, allowing himself to feel submissive in a way that didn’t mean humiliation like it would with John.
. But he loves pie and beer more than caring about keeping his body fat down like that.
“I-I didn’t know I was! Didn’t know you’d-“
Dean tugged at Castiel’s hip tightly, digging his claws in as breathing became harder. It only encouraged him to keep sucking and stroke himself quicker. The thought of Castiel desperately thinking about one thing rung inside his mind, and he yearned for it. To have him unload inside his mouth, he wanted to gag on it as it would hit the back of his throat. Dean glanced up at the angel who stood there, humping into him with lips parted. He almost wishes he could see it, every heavy breath from the angel, but at least he could hear it. The few seconds that their eyes met Dean saw it happen before his eyes. Castiel raised his chin to allow a larger amount of air inside his lungs but didn’t break eye contact. A few rough thrusts along with a few primal noises fled Cas’s lips as he came, hard, filling Dean’s mouth. It was so much it even seeped through his lips, dripping down on the floor. Messy. It made Dean feel his own release building up, and he would’ve reached that point if the angel hadn’t surprised him with pulling away.
The poor girl left him with a “Wow, that was… intense.”, which had been embarrassing. She thought that it was her doing that made Dean so fully incorporated in her. Dean took a swig from the bottle again to rinse down the hoarse dryness of his throat. It was Castiel, angel of God, making him feel something he wasn’t allowed to. Something Dean had managed to burry down into the deepest pit that was Dean Winchester, now surfacing because of a damn curse. He should be freaking out over the fact of fantasizing about him while sexing up a woman, and normally he would’ve. But somehow the lonesome pity he felt at this moment only made him feel sad. Sad over the wall Dean knew about but denied having.
The angel’s cheek twitched at the cold of the lube as Dean poured a generous amount on his cock before tossing the bottle aside, and he hummed deeply as Dean spread it out evenly with his hand. Cas steadied his hands on Dean’s thighs, digging his nails into him and bucking his hip into Dean’s fist on a reflex – and Dean shivered thinking about that motion inside him.
Then a crooked sensation spread through his body which filled him with an indescribable calm. As if he couldn’t feel hurt by the angel’s actions, or even sad over the tears on Sammy’s face. He felt emotions, but differently and couldn’t put his finger on why. Soon enough he found that he didn’t feel anything upsetting at all.
He quietly entered the room and walked slowly towards Sam, careful not to make any startling sounds to awaken him. He placed his fingers gently on Sam’s forehead and blue light faintly emitted as he healed the wounds, cleaned off all the blood and patched his clothing. The light made Sam’s eyelids shudder ever so slightly, but still too exhausted to be awakened. It was the least he could do for him.
Dean didn’t even notice the sound of a wings fluttering, or the following breeze agitating his nipples and skin perky.
“Thank you for the parable.” Cas said, calm as a floating feather. A small grin was visible on his face along with confident eyes. “I’ve learned that there’s more to it than what the Pizza man initially taught me.” He continued as he fingered his way inside Dean, nudging at the walnut an inch deep. Dean clasped his hand over his mouth to counter the loudness inside his lungs which he had wanted to release. He wanted to cum now. He had wanted to cum since they were in the bathroom. No- before that as they had kissed at first. But Castiel shoved his hands away at any attempt to touch himself.
to a laboratory mouse. Dean couldn’t understand where it came from or what had triggered it,
It was silent.
Dean couldn’t remember when he fell asleep. He remembered Castiel walking out, talking to Sam and then they just resumed their love-frenzy while Sam went to seek out the cherub. Somewhere along the line he just blacked out from something he assumed to be exhaustion, and woke up now hearing echoes of 4 shoes approaching the front door.
The taste of iron haunted his mouth as he coughed up a splotch of something that could only be blood, it was hard to breathe.
“God, you’re clingier than Alice Parker in seventh grade.” Dean said under his breath as he swung his backpack over the shoulder. “Fine damn it. Do I need your permission to wash up this gunk from Mr. Lee over there too?”
“Because he’s a knight of hell in the company of Crowley. He’s warded himself from me, I cannot locate him. I assume he hates me, a-and… that you hate me as well. I am sorry Sam; I have failed you both again and I need to penance. I-I wish I never were pulled from purgatory.” Cas explained with a coarse voice as he pushed himself away from Sam. It pained him deeply to admit it, but at the same time he found a weight lift from his shoulder as the truth had been slipping out of his mouth in all it’s purity and form. It felt
Dean twitched with wide eyes, feeling the
That further annoyed Dean. He crossed his arms and leaned his back against the bedframe, gaining a full view of Castiel on his right side and Sam on his left side. The angel standing by the corner, Sam still close by the door and Dean himself in the middle.
It kind of annoyed Dean.
“Hey… Cas, look…” Sam said with a sympathetic smile. It was admirable how caring Sam was, despite feeling hurt he still felt the drive to comfort him. The wellbeing of others had always been something important to him, perhaps even more so than his own. “Dean doesn’t hate you, the
“When we get back, um… you should
Dean took another breath, going back to his original question, “I thought cupids were third-class angels, so how come you’re affected? Aren’t you supposed to be a falcon punch Seraph or whatever?” Dean hugged the bedsheets closer to himself, trying to get some sort of barrier between him and Cas…and also some dignity.
Then he felt it again, lightheaded drowsiness, and the image of his surrounding began to blur out in colourful smearings. He could hear Sam desperately yelling at Castiel to save him, and it seemed like he had tried. For a moment everything was clear again and he saw that Castiel had lowered himself closer. He whispered something in his ear with a voice deep with determination, but full of somberness.
He understood the emotion Sam displayed; he felt the same despite not mirroring it. Metatron had claimed that his grace was destroyed, and he was actually quite shocked of learning that it wasn’t obliterated into nothing after the false god had performed the spell. The spell where Cas was cast down from heaven. It meant that he might not have to die after all in the end, because he didn’t want to survive on stolen grace from other angels. The action of stealing grace was one of the most despicable things an angel could do.
much before now, but it wasn’t too long ago after all.
and so thankful that he got to hear him speak one last time before this happy-rush would be over with.
Curiously he ran his fingers on the buttons.
“Barbie? Hell, I could never remember. But I made up for it, she was still down for the D in Dean.” He smirked as he thought of his conquest. Then he suddenly realized something that had been puzzling him at the back of his head the whole evening.
What you cannot see, doesn’t hurt you,
“There’s no fucking occasion!” Dean snapped and turned around to pack up his tools, but it was mainly to avoid showing Crowley his face grimacing at everything that was in this room. What he had said was a lie however, which he hoped Crowley wouldn’t see through.
Castiel gasped and clung onto himself, squeezing at this own skin, wiggling his hips and stretching his legs in the most adorable fashion. So new to the experience, having his cock sucked for the first time, and Dean loved that fact. He’s basically blowing an ancient being into oblivion, because Castiel sure as hell didn’t know where to put his hands. “Oh, Deaaan…” He whined on a gasp, finally choosing to grip at Dean’s fringe.
?” Dean growled as his eyes fixed on Castiel touching himself underneath his shirt before unbuttoning the last pair of buttons. “Cas! C’mon, focus!” He barked despite finding it hard to focus himself. He needed an answer fast so that he could lock himself up inside that bathroom, although… what the hell is stopping him from doing that now? They could talk through the door couldn’t they?
Almost. Just almost the perfect tool.
“Uh- yup,
Castiel appeared oblivious, only that damn remorse was displayed that he had displayed before when telling dean '
“Come on darling, don’t be such a worrywart! Thanks to Feathers you’ve got a second chance in life, albeit different, don’t get me wrong, but a great one at that. With me here to guide you of course.” Crowley replied and waved at the bartender to get a refill of Glencraig for himself and a glass for Dean.
“I’m fine Sam. It was confusing and overall unpleasant, but I am fine now.” It was as much of a truth as it was a lie, but Sam hadn’t been specific. Physically Castiel felt fine, but mentally was another question. Sam hadn’t been specific and so he chose to interpret that the question was aimed towards his physical state. Fine can also be interpreted as neither great nor bad, being in the middle…
“Darling, you think so little of me. I love Dean, he’s always been the better looking one of the two… I mean damn, he sure can sport a pair of denims,” Crowley said as if his feelings were hurt. ”It’s interesting for you to mention though, the blade that is. Let’s trade information. I give pointers to Dean- and you give me pointers to the blade” He uttered the words like a true salesman, which was exactly what he was. A crossroads demon seeking out a new deal that would gain him, and only him. His intentions were naked to Cas. The means to take advantage of Dean. A powerful trophy to sit beside his ruling throne in hell. A subject for his convenience.
“You know what Crowley, I might pick you up on that.” He said and raised his glass to the demon.
“I’m sorry Sam, I.. I should ha-“ He tried to apologize but Sam quickly interrupted him.
“Never mind… So, um. What did he want?” Sam asked as he was fingering at his beer bottle, staring into it with his gaze lost in whatever went on inside his head.
“You happy now? Brain molesting son of a bitch.” Dean scolded into the room. To Cain. It was pathetic but he felt lonely and shit enough that even an imaginative voice was welcome in his presence. As freaky as it made Dean feel sometime, what the curse did to him. Yet he preferred it over the silence, but found that with silence he was greeted.
“Presumably because you’re a demon, and lastly because of the mark. Oh, and welcome to
NEXT CHAP IS ALSO A EMOTIONAL MESS, sry not sry.
“Yeah, Of course you do.”
“So, I did die?” Dean asked, ignoring the demon’s compliment. He already knew the answer, he had moments ago remembered that he had died. But still, he couldn’t understand it. Sam hadn’t sold his soul or else he wouldn’t have torched his corpse.
But shit's finally happening haha.
“W-what is it Cas?”
Sam took a seat behind him, but spared him any looks. Instead, they both just sat there in silence for a while and observed the scratchy prints on the wallpaper, simply just breathing and digesting the situation that they both were in.
“Hey, Cas. I’m soon done here, then I’m ready to go. You done packing?” Sam said as Castiel entered the room. He was too busy to even be looking up at him, getting things in order for their trip to Metatron’s library in Blaine, Missouri. Castiel could’ve teleport them the way there with a snap of his fingers, but both of them figured that he should save grace. Literary.
Have I not been speaking this whole time?” He asked in a slurred manor and licking at his bottom lip.
“Atta’boy. For the future of a long and…
“He just… said okay and agreed to come with me? When I explained that Castiel wanted to apologize and quote on quote ‘hug it out’.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“D-damn it Cas!” Dean said in between his gritted teeth. Face buried in his palms to hide how much his bottom lip was trembling. “It’s seriously-AH!” Two fingers now slipped in. “Fuck ! It’s seriously not cool!” Castiel then stopped.
Sam, he knows he should go back to him and confess the selfishness of his deeds and the consequences caused by them. The younger Winchester deserves an explanation, it’s what any good friend would do. But the thought of their friendship made the shame and guilt grow even more, a lump in his throat, uncomfortably human. He couldn’t face Sam; he didn’t deserve it.
And Dean would repeat it every time Cas demanded it, throughout wet intense kisses, shadowed by Castiel’s orgasm filling Dean up in the sweetest way.
” Cas vibrated at a low frequency, struggling to concentrate and keep himself at bay. He only managed to do that for a few second before reaching out the soggy hand this time to touch Dean’s face.
It couldn’t be him.
But the bed was empty now. Instead of Dean, it was Sam in the room. Untreated cuts visible on the exposed skin of his face. His head hung loosely in a way that would probably be aching his neck come morning, only supported by his shoulder and the armchair he sat in. Sam looked oddly small now despite being the largest of them three. The vision completely different from when Dean would be sleeping there peacefully, now the whole room felt heavy and dark. The eyelids on Sam were puffy and tainted pink from crying. Blood still tarnished his shirt that belonged to himself, and from Dean. Despite sleeping, distress was still written all over his face and body.
Cas drenched a cotton wad in chlorhexidine and turned around to Sam who sat on one of the infirmary beds with a dizzy look on his face. It was a relief to see him up again, and that it hadn’t taken too long for him to wake up. It happened sometime when Cas carried him on his shoulder midway to the infirmary.
“Dean!” He heard echoing and he swiftly spun around on a startle, trying to figure out where the voice came from. But his eyes widened as he realized -
“Shh... j-just shut up.”
Sleep being an otherwise unusual activity for him,
“Please forgive me Dean for what I am about to do… and should it succeed, know that I will find a way to save you.” Castiel had then looked at him with his blue eyes that glistened like sun rays on an open sea, a gaze that felt like an emotional fire in his weakening body.
(See the end of the chapter for
He had spent the last few days working off Crowley’s contracts, killing assholes and collecting their souls for Crowley’s taking. It was easier than he had imagined it to be, actually feeling some sort of fulfillment of his blood thirst. But that was just it. While he found that it fed one part of his demonic desires, it didn’t actually fulfill the other. Just as Cain -
“Seems like your overly attached angel was kind enough to keep the blade of Cain on you. Well, long enough for it to finalize its curse...” Crowley began explaining, cutting Dean off just as he was to say
Cas breathed at him, with a moan tightly followed. Dean could swear he heard something squishy too, and he didn’t have to open his eyes to figure out what it was. Because with each wet sound Castiel would noise a pleasured growl.
” Cas now whimpered, eying down flushed at him with that damn jizz dribble on the corner of his mouth. Looking like a damn snack. Dean could see the pleasure on his face, but it was not only that. His eyes were pleading and comfort-seeking, so Dean hummed softly and stroked his thigh and stomach slowly and smoothly. Wanting him to feel good and relaxed this time- not frightened, to actually enjoy the build up.
“Really? Dean Winchester saying no to beer and pool?” Crowley asked with his brows raised in disbelief.
But it seemed like that feared reality was the one he had bestowed on himself. He had cursed Dean and he had failed them both by doing so, no matter his intentions. He had turned him into the foul breed that had ruined his life in more ways than one. He had failed Sam in the same way by letting it happen, and therefore once again failed at being their guardian angel. Of course Dean had warded himself from him, as painful as that truth was to know.
Panic ran through his body as he finally realized what he had been doing. What he felt was a mixture of guilt and over taking advantage of Cas... and the notion that he had in fact thought of him while he had sex and now also jacked off to his voice was incomprehensive. He couldn’t believe it.
“Ah nice, been lookin’ for these all mornin’.” Dean said with the cringiest acting he had performed to excuse his obvious odd behavior.
It didn’t work.
…lay still.”
It was peaceful.
Despite the fact that they had been at it for hours Dean felt nervous again, shy even, but also so turned on that he felt ashamed... Though it wasn’t like he hadn’t been this turned on before with Cas – but the reason was different now. He couldn’t stop thinking about it,
He shouldn’t answer, but then he wouldn’t get to hear it again.
Dean scratched the back of his head, thinking about if he should run after the angel before he sapped himself out of here. It would probably be a good idea; he’d want to make sure that things would not get awkward between them for the sake of future hunts and endeavors. Firstly though, he’d have to put Charlie into a real bed instead of letting her sleep at the cold floor. He quietly walked over to her, removed the beer bottle that she loosely held in her hand. He couldn’t help but to chuckle at the sight, she must’ve just dozed off somewhere mid count. Dean propped his adopted sister up and put his arms under her pits and knees as gently as he could, and then carried the sleeping beauty back to the room she usually claimed when she visited the bunker. “You’ve really done it now, kiddo.” He muttered.
“Don’t be silly, love. Waddle your way home and I’ll text you the location.”
Dean delved down to kiss him, only parting to heed him a rumbling “Don’t.”, because Dean wouldn’t either and he wanted it. Wanted Cas mad with lust.
It wasn’t just any bar that Crowley had picked. It was something close to resembling a hells angels bar. It was filled with beer bellied men and women parading in the tightest of leather pants. Dean couldn’t help himself but to stare whenever they would sit down, just waiting for the moment before the seams would bust open and uncover a sexy lace thong underneath. It was a perfect suspense that actually allowed himself to calm down about the whole Castiel situation, because it proved that he still got the hots for women. He didn’t find any of the beardy men to be attractive despite them being dressed in leather too, and this felt like a valid confirmation to Dean.
“Cas, j-just…” He complained feeling defeated, but morphed that emotion into being pissed off instead,
He wanted to tell him that it was not too late. That he’d never give up. But he couldn’t and it hurt so much. More than anything he had felt prior. Even more than when Dean had died and the faltering hope that he’d never wake up again.
Sometimes Castiel wondered if being around the Winchesters had changed him for the better or worse. He’d done so many horrible things now – and he had done it before as a warrior of god. But the difference between
“No, Dean… It’s not easy... We need assistance,” Castiel mouthed in heated breaths at the crook of Dean’s neck, while his strong and silky hands stroked down at his waist. Dean stretched out his chin and body to accommodate the angel’s sweet touches, and moaned softly as the kiss-swollen lips tickled at his skin. Cas muttered in satisfaction and pushed Dean down onto the bed, rolling on top now to grind their cocks together for the X:th time with the weight of his body, and boy - it felt great to be pinned down like that. “Mmmhm… In case you haven’t noticed our progress is halted by… Well, fornication.”
Castiel paused for a moment, collecting the right way to phrase what had happened and what he had done. “Technically he did die, but…”
Dean then furrowed his own brows.
If Sam hadn’t heard that ruckus he sure would’ve heard his sudden yelp as he struck the floor. He had never slipped once in his entire life, and it had taking him by surprise. It was quiet for a while, but Castiel kept lying still on the floor.
Until he saw it, a light in the far distance burning at his soul, feeling so vibrant as it throbbed and pulsated before him. Growing closer,
?” Okay, this felt as if it was going like shit already, but he really didn’t know what else to initiate the conversation with… The conversation which he shouldn’t even have. But instead of hanging up he closed his eyes and waited for the angel’s voice to fill his senses again, delivering the next hit. His eyes furrowing as he thought of how amazing it would make him feel, so needy and embarrassed.
“Anyway, as I was saying. It is in my interest to assure that you are on the top of your game. I trust the mark might still haunt the cognizance?”
“Dean-!
As he rinsed himself off in the faucet and tucked his privates away, it just occurred to him that he had never truly told Dean about any of this. How much he did care for him and how deeply his affection was rooted… and maybe that’s why he couldn’t let Dean die in peace. It was selfish, but the thought of Dean Dead without Cas never getting to tell him about this felt unfair. After everything they’d gone through, Dean deserved to know while he himself deserved some kind of closure that he didn’t even know until now that he craved. He just hoped that the seed wasn’t too corrupted or broken now, before this could happen.
Dean dug his nails into her flesh and growled.
A few orgasms later something suddenly changed in Castiel’s demeanor. He stopped his bucking and cast his gaze back at the door. Dean stared at him, seeing his ear twitch like a deer hearing a twig break in the bushes. He turned his eyes down at Dean again, mechanically.
The angel smirked through parted and panting lips, licking them wet as his orgasm faded to an end. “Yes, I am in a way…
“If you’re at this point already, how will you stand a chance of helping me, Dean?” The angel mocked, finally pulling off Dean’s pants to release the tight tension in his pants. He’d have snapped back at him, but the only thing that escaped his mouth was a “
Since they left the left the shabby motel Castiel had filled Sam out on the details around the curse and the uncertainty of how he didn’t know if Dean truly would be resurrected. However discontent Sam had appeared as he learned of it all, he did imply that he would’ve probably done the same thing if he knew about it. Both of them had found themselves mute after that, left to their own thoughts or lack thereof as the seriousness of the situation grew on them. Crowley wanted the first blade in Dean’s hand which meant that an inevitable encounter with demons would happen at some point. A potential army against himself, an angel without his grace and Sam, one human. Albeit a Winchester.
“I had intended to, eventually… But just as the woman’s magazine had foretold, procrastinating only aggravates the inevitable.” He explained with remorse tainting his voice, then simply sighed in an equal fashion. “You must be angry.”
“You okay there, Cas?” Sam asked, hands on the wheel as he drove Dean’s impala the same way he had come from just a few hours ago. Back to the Bunker in Lebanon, Kansas.
“You are being silly…” Castiel answered at Dean’s recent thought, palming at Dean’s body in calming strokes, showing appreciation that he didn’t really want to appreciate right now. He’d rather want to run away.
behind his back and learnt that the angel tablet was there. Despite the fact that all he wanted to do was to gut the angel, as he almost did the first time Gadreel made an appearance to announce that Metatron had to be stopped, he managed to swallow the murderous temptation and come with to the library.
“Fuckin’ ay! I can get behind that!” Dean celebrated since drinking was one of his favorite activities.
“C’mon let’s get going. It’s better if we arrive when the sun’s still out.” Sam said as he swung his bag over the shoulder. He began walking to the exit.
“I’m warning you Crowley, if you ever lay a finger on him, so much as a hair...” Dean paused, fantasizing about all the things he’d subject him to. A thrill of blood thirst tickled his spine.
And Dean came hard. Spurting into Castiel’s strong and merciless hand. Again, sobbing out his moans through tears because the feeling was too much for him to hold on to. He was fleeting away in both pain, euphoria, ecstasy, and anxiety as his dick gushed out hot and sticky into the angel’s greedy palm. “
Would he develop the same kind of bond to Sam now as well?
But Dean didn’t get frightened of the sight, if anything he felt a warmth to his heart which made it beat just a little harder.
Dean sighed and rubbed his temples.
, the word
Dean inhaled, opened his mouth and prepping himself for the comeback which would free him from this mess. But nothing came out from his lips except a silent gasp. He furrowed his brows, suddenly feeling frustrated and knuckled the socks into a ball to be tossed behind his shoulder. “So what? Cut me some crap… I’m trying to deal with… whatever this is,” Dean said and pointed at himself in exaggeration. “It ain’t the usual walk in the park- if anything it’s the weirdest shit that’s ever happened to me- and that’s sayin’ somethin’ because I’ve been through hell of a lot. So, pardon me, for burgifying you.”
Then he pressed at three more other buttons that appeared to do nothing. The last button however made static noises exit the headphones. Castiel adjusted them to his head and could hear the music play into his ears like a lullaby. A calm guitar was playing, and he found himself adrift as the man began singing. Something about a lady buying a stairway to heaven.
“Cas!” Dean exhaled as the angel tucked his hand inside Deans pants to squeeze at his throbbing cock. It had been so sudden Dean wasn’t prepared. He began to rub him through his underpants, slowly but with pressure. Each stroke taking him higher and higher to a state of sweet ecstasy. Despite being experienced in the bedroom, he found it hard to contain himself. But the angel pulled and grinded at him on so many levels that he already felt the pressure building up in his groin.
So, this chapter has non-con phone sex in it, just a lill' FYI.
His heart ached thinking of how much he wanted to find Dean and snatch him away to safety. Things would go back to how they were and how he had planned, eventually. At this point they would already do research on how to rid him of the curse. They would have pumped him into purity with Sam’s blood before any demonic temptations would grasp a hold of him. They’d be together; him, Sam and Dean in the bunker, doing all the normal things. He would hear them bicker and laugh, beer bottles clinking together after a long hunt to celebrate. He would be at their table, amazed with gratitude that they allowed his presence there. That they deemed him worthy as their friend.
Dean shook his head to himself; he was done thinking about it. The only thing left was actions. That’s what he felt comfortable with, not thinking about feelings or explanations to other people’s feelings, angelic or not. He tapped on the last bathroom in the bunker. “Cas, you in there?” No answer. He tried the doorknob and found the door was locked shut. That’s all the answer he needed of the angel’s presence. It was unusual for Cas to ignore him though.
Dean suddenly yelped as he felt Cas’s hand brush against the back of his neck and the other behind Dean’s waist. The warmth of his fingers tingled his sensitive skin and shot waves of goosebumps along his body. Castiel had taken the opportunity to slip his wet tongue inside as Dean had parted his lips to inhale in surprise.
“Relax, Sparkles. You know, marriages rarely last, especially when the maid is a sassy succubus.” Crowley winked.
Cas had seen the insides of Dean’s wallet a few times, and there were more receipts sloppily tucked inside of beers and pies - than cash and cards. But then he realized that it was a memory of Dean being alive. Every single receipt inside the black leatherbound wallet had been placed there by Dean. All the small crevasses folded in the paper was made by him, tucking the paper inside the pockets with his fingers. It had a sentimental value, Castiel understood that now. He had never experienced grief like this before he had seen Dean die… before he knew that the curse would work.
“Where is Dean!?” Sam yelled. He had picked up Castiel’s blade from the ground that he had lost in the failed attack. Now the younger Winchester held it against Crowley’s throat. Cas could feel the demon press back against him, trying to get away from the celestial metal.
shouldn’t.” Dean said weakly as his body began to fail him and sweep his consciousness with a cloak of temptation.
Behind the man was another man a small distance away crying after him desperately. Tears were running down his bruised cheeks in steady streams and it
Of course, he was worried about that. Sam had in spite of everything experienced something similar himself when he was addicted to demon blood.
He was alone in this, so helplessly alone in this.
“aah…AHEM.” Dean’s eyes flew open as he finally understood what was going on. He swiftly pulled away from Cas on instinct, covering his mouth with his hand as to hide his verbal pleasure as a cough. Cas stood there, wiping off saliva from around his mouth as the kiss suddenly were abrupted. Sure enough, as Dean had felt. A bulge could be seen hinting between the angel’s legs.
Sam mirrored the feeling by raising one brow.
“With family of course, he’s one of us now.
It shouldn’t feel this amazing,
Dean don’t hate you. You know how he is. He gets angry, and I guess being a demon just makes his mood even more unpredictable than it already was.”
Sounding so fragile all of a sudden, as if he was made of porcelain, or having his Achilles heel stabbed.
Rough and coarse grunts could be heard faintly from the insides of a hotel room. Inside was Dean. Sweat pearling at his back. Semi-nude. Delivering hefty thrusts into a woman he had picked up a few hours before at a bar.
solve his problem. Thinking of the angel while doing so was
Anxiety.
“Got a problem with my work ethics?” Dean’s voice was deep in his throat, already feeling agitated enough by Crowley’s presence. He didn’t want to listen to the exaggerated sway in the demon’s voice.
“Then you must rest until you are fully healed, no library.” Cas compromised and Sam sighed at the best of his abilities. Even his breaths appeared to be raspy and gritty from the stomach acid burning his throat.
Dean ignored the insult and simply took the piece of paper. On it he found a list of people who had made deals with Crowley throughout the years. Beside their names was the number of years dealt and even further to the side a small summary of the services Crowley had provided them with, all written in the fanciest calligraphy screaming of the renaissance.
Then Castiel stepped on that damned bottle again and this time he slipped. He went crashing down on all the plastic bags he had avoided stepping on and tipping over a small table as he had flailed his arms trying to get a grip on something. The thumping on the door stopped, just as Castiel’s breathing for a moment.
that John had raised him with. Now it had turned him into a fucking monster.
Dean just sucked his teeth with a sob at that, he felt too weak to hit back with something immature to shoo off that praise. He was at the mercy of Cas’s unfair mojo-upper-hand prodding him, though in reality he was at the mercy of his everything…  It struck him again- Castiel being an ancient being. A freaking angel at that, able to smite yellow-eyed demons at the flash of a thunder. And he was here with Dean, though maybe all because of a spell, but even before this –
“...”
He’d be immortal and eventually he’d lose Sam. Castiel wasn’t sure if Dean could walk the earth like that and still be Dean. It would be his own personal hell.
Before Dean could even open his eyes and reprimand the stalking angel, he felt Castiel’s tongue all over his body. Feeling completely ambushed, he stared down and released the weakest and most trembling yelp he’s ever squeezed out, seeing and feeling Castiel lick his cock and torso free from his semen. He should push him away, but his arms were too weak by the hot and wet sensation of the angel’s tongue. Cas was cleaning him up like a hungry animal, the begging dog finally getting his treat. All Dean could do was to grapple at Castiel’s messy hair and wheeze at each lick. “C-Cas! D-Damn it, y-you can’t just sneak up on, ofh fuck be careful! T-there’s a cooldown rate-”
yesterday... Just a few things? But that wouldn’t stop the cherub from exposing any details.
Dean basicly yelled into the air as Castiel practically yanked at his cock slippery with come, using way too much power needed for where Dean was already at. “P-pl- t-take it easss-OoohhFUFffff!” But Castiel only kept purring enochian into his ear, lapping on Dean’s ear and neck without any clear direction, jerking Dean off as if persistent to squeeze out the last bit of ketchup inside the bottle.
for some damn reason, not at all over stimulating like before. It was welcome to Dean’s exhaustion.
He must let him know, but even the thought of a text message stung as he fingered the buttons of his phone that were in his wet pocket. He wanted to flee, if only for a little while.
, he thought. And at that the smallest amount of relief ran through his body, at least he hadn’t forgotten about speech. If he got hit by something it missed that area of his brain.
Castiel shifted himself on the bed with a grunt. It had been the first time in 24 hours that he changed his position and it felt absolutely exhausting –
"Fuck, fuck, fuck-!” Cas thrusted before he hiccupped a moan with a last hump. Dean growled, pressing himself down further to meet him. Shivering and feeling himself spill over in his own hand as Castiel whimpered and filled his mouth.
At that Crowley put his drink down and stared at him like he was an idiot.
Cas blinked at Sam. The thought of wearing something that hugged so tightly on Dean’s body suddenly made him feel nervous. Clothing was an intimate thing; Another thing that Cas had learned in the Woman’s magazine. The specific garments worn serves as a way of communicating one’s inner self to the outer world, which was something he yet didn’t quite understand. Clothing for him was simply a means of functionality.
“Nothing. Go back to sleep.”
As a Seraph his outfit was solely used to convey modesty to his surroundings, as nudity had been sinful ever since Eve took a bite out of the apple in the garden of Eden. As a fallen angel found the trench coat particularly great at several things. Shielding himself from the wind or the coldness of spring, being one reason. But if what the magazines said were true, he’d cloak himself in the identity of Dean Winchester, and for some reason that made him nervous… but happy.
“He’s fine, didn’t lay a finger on him. It took a while see, he was feeling frisk-fully vengeful. I had to freshen up before returning, he absolutely ruined my coat.” Crowley said in a calming voice. The look on his face was careful, as if knowing what wicked things went on inside Dean’s mind. At this point he didn’t care, but he did relax the tiniest amount. Enough that he wouldn’t charge at him at least.
Now however, he was just hungry with his mouth salivating at the sight of the chicken sandwich he had ordered, and the only thought in his head was deciding where he should take that one first juicy bite of food. God, he loved food so much. He was still fit and had the muscles to show it, but pushing into his 30s did have some delaying effects on his metabolism. But, the more the tummy, the more the yummy, just as this deliciously dripping sandwich he picked up, and he did praise life as he smelt it.
“Thank you for letting me borrow your razor. It proved itself very effective at removing stubble.” Castiel said as he approached Sam, feeling fairly good about himself… until he thought of the fact that Dean had actually called him. He should tell Sam about this, but he wasn’t sure how.
He wanted to hit him.
So there he was with handsy Cas exploring the crevices of his laugh lines around the eyes. As long as it wasn’t Castiel’s right hand that would be touching him… which is
about it. The mission had been the most important thing, the larger picture.
“The outcome is inevitable, might as well just give me the blade so I can get on with my life. You two are nothing. A grace leech of an angel, and a whiny giant.” Crowley snarled just like the anxiety that whispering into Castiel’s ear, but this was different. Crowley was real, someone he could touch and strike at to shut up.
Or They don't? Because I am feeling so indecisive. I am also very stressed with UNI up my knees, so I will need time to figure the shit out. Maybe I'll force a friend to read it all just to slap my senses back into focus.
There was suspicion in Sam’s voice, as if he could see through the shortcut Cas had made to deny complete honesty.
But at the absence of touch, Castiel instead dragged his eyes along Dean’s shape and face… looking at his lips, his cheek, his ears…
He let his angel blade slide down the sleeve from his trench coat to his grip as he adverted his eyes back to the demon. Allowing himself to be filled with the wrath that Sam had halted. The fact that Crowley had swaggered his way to the Winchester’s homestead, the only safe space that they have owned since their mother died- was a disgrace to their personas. He couldn’t allow that - both for Dean’s sake and Sam’s.
.” Dean snapped. He didn’t really appreciate being reminded of what exactly the curse did to his mind, or the implied message from Crowley. As if he knew the abstinence that Dean felt. Although perhaps that was all it was. An abstinence for just anything, and if that was the case then whatever it was that Cain tried to imply actually wouldn’t mean anything at all.
He wondered what Cas’s orgasmic cock spasms would feel like elsewhere, and it flooded his brain in ways that removed every other thoughts –
Crowley shook his head in impatient disappointment and gripped at his injury where the blood was seeping through his coat. “Fuck. Why do you blasted mongoloids always have to ruin my coats...?" He growled slyly.
“Y- I know what you meant!” He cursed as the images of Castiel being hot and bothered stormed his mind. How he’s still in there with a hard on between his legs. God damn it, he found himself curiously inclined to help the angel. It turned him on to know how desperate the angel must be for a real relief. To think it all came from one kiss, hot and messy as it was. The temptation was flooding his reason. All the moments where they’d pin each other and fought, he had felt it then too. It was raw emotion in the making. A primal lust to just nudge the fight over the edge into a furious love making. He had wanted that but managed to suppress it, but now he’s had a taste of him. Now he knew that Cas was there on the other side as well, probably feeling the same arousal as him.
Dean swiftly fiddled his phone out of the pocket, hands trembling as he held it a short distance away from his face, eying the numbers and the screen. Each press at the buttons filling him up with adrenaline and anticipation. It was more potent than any whiskey, making him feel lightheaded and out of breath. He needed it. He needed Cas.
“Yeah… well I figured that might be the case, so I packed you a bag. Dean’s stuff again, you really need more clothes than just one outfit.” Sam said.
, Sam. Now, this is an optimal angle for suturing your wound, please stay still.” Castiel said and continued searching for the suture kit. He could hear Sam’s agonizing groans, apparently displeased at what Cas had said. The Winchester mumbled gibberish which Cas only guessed to be curse words aimed at Crowley and the fact that he had woken up too soon from his fainting.
Don’t worry about it !” Dean smiled and clasped his hand together, mentally cursing every blasphemous thing he could at his face. He got up from the bed and walked over to Sam, placing an arm on his brothers shoulder.
Proolly add a pic l8er. I can see Dean in the shower like a sad handsome boi.
Dean could feel Cas's cock twitching, hear how Cas’s voice began to tremble and crack in between his panting, feeling the salty taste slowly creeping. So good when Castiel thrust his full length in and Dean gagged, out of breath, tears flowing and nails digging into Castiel's thighs.
“…I don’t hate you Cas. And I promise, neither does Dean.” Sam said, the calmness in his voice felt welcome to Castiel’s ear. Though he felt reluctant to actually believe it, eying down at the first blade snuggly tucked in its old cloth beside them on the table.
“Sam…” He braced. “Please leave me alone. I am sorry, I just… I can’t.” It was a pathetic sounding whisper, ridden with the wish that Sam would just turn around and leave him to rot in his own pile of trash. He could hear him sigh on the other side of the door, but not in defeat.
Again, Dean was interrupted as Castiel’s damn fingers found themselves back on his skin… and while he himself grimaced, Cas’s sad expression turned into one with daring pupils, dark and fascinated over the touch. Instead of
.” He said and took a seat. Dean’s brows twitched into a frown.
Then suddenly the pain stopped, and he found himself inside the pictures
“Mmmmh…” Cas answered with a bass that vibrated at Dean’s flushed neck. He then took Dean by surprise and rolled on top with excellence, hands tugging down underneath Dean’s knees and pulling him down on his cock. Rocking into him while staring down at him with his shining eyes, picking Dean’s orgasm right back up where it was despite the change in position.
But the touch and vision soon began to feel like a fleeting flicker, and then it finally echoed into a black nothingness. He was falling. Deep down into the dark and empty void; until the light came back, until he woke up:
Again he was resposible for causing Sam emotional discomfort. He felt guilty.
In and out motions through the rubber-band of his ass, wondering if it would hurt in a good way to be completely filled by Castiel. It had him staring at his friend with watery eyes, so bewitched by this perfect being on top of him… and if Dean wasn’t emotionally inept he’d know that his want for Cas entering his anatomy was fueled by a need much deeper than lust at this point.
"Again." Dean demanded which made Castiel smile against Dean's lips.
Cas inhaled sharply and suddenly glared at him like a wild animal, he shoved him backwards against the wall before jumping at him. Tugging at his hair to the side, kissing his neck roughly like a glutton all the way up to his mouth again. Filling Dean’s mouth with his tongue, slurping, licking, and nibbling at his lips. There it was. The feeling of Castiel’s strength. It felt amazing for some reason. Dean had always had to be the one in control for his whole life, but not now. Not at the hands of Castiel, the hands who explored his body at this very moment. Brushing over his nipples, twitching, and playing at them to lure out all the lewd noises he could from Dean’s mouth. And he did whimper.
Dean and the king of hell sat in a booth on opposite sides of each other. He had initially grimaced at the fabric choice of the sofas. Red leather. It was a color he had been seeing too much of today. Satiating his anger and growing want after his call with Castiel had made this his most productive day ever since he became a demon ‘working’ for Crowley.
“I, eh.. You mean you’ve…”
Next Chap is more Dean and Cain voices... Our boy is strugglin'.
“But? Cas come on, be real with me!” Sam said and grabbed Castiel’s shoulder, forcing him into eye contact. Castiel limply abided. He deserved it; every violent tug Sam would throw at him.
Castiel’s large pupils retracted, going from
“Special…” Dean scoffed and smiled down at his beer. He usually smiled whenever he thought of the irony of his life, it was hilarious in a way. Nothing about his life had been anything close to ordinary. He had never gotten to be anything but special. His and Sam’s life was morphed into a damned shitstorm from the day their mother was murdered by Azazel so many years ago. Sam had tried to turn his back on this life, he tried to flee and actually went to college, trying to live ordinary. But Sam had been pulled back. Just as when Dean had tried the same with Lisa. The Winchester’s can’t be anything but special, there’s no escape from that. They are cursed to live this life…
Because it couldn’t happen.
Castiel found himself smiling too, realizing himself the humor of the scenario. Dean Winchester was truly a ridiculous man, despite his admirable strong will and serious temperament issues. “
and damn was he jealous of Sam getting to be around him like that. Dean wishes he could see it too… and feel it. He wanted to brush his hand up Cas’s stomach underneath one of his shirts. A garment that he had been wearing himself. In a way, that was already a statement of ownership - he pretended at least.
Still, he couldn’t stop himself to think… if it had been Castiel’s lips he were kissing in this very moment. The surge of desire struck at him, and he felt his body melt into a pure heat-wave. He thrived on the want. He needed the want. He wanted to satiate the want. It was different, had turned different after the mark. He wanted to fulfill that need now – whereas he hadn’t before.
Dean sucked his teeth.
“Since I lost my grace, Dean.”
Impatiently he aligned himself above Cas’s slippery cock and nudged it at his hole – and fuck did Castiel’s sauna heat feel good on his ass… It forced out a breathy grunt from his throat. His ring muscle contracted at the touch, hyper-aware of every nerve ending being tickled by the angel’s cock. Dean let his body weight bob up and down to try out the waters.
Whether it was all the money Crowley and he had spent on gambling and boozing, or the newly found demonic confidence… or the exotic mating dance and horrible flirting that made Barbie fine with her nickname was left unknown. It didn’t matter to Dean, because either way they wound up doing it dirty in the bathroom,
“Cas- H-he can’t enter! Y-you gotta- Fuckk-! You gotta mojo our asses clean right now or I swear to-!“ Castiel quickly hushed him with pressing a finger at Dean’s lips, and instead mojo-pinned Dean down on the bed.
Castiel’s swirling hips, and the dilerious enochian being breathed into his ear in soft moans sent Dean’s eyes rolling backwards as he gasped for air. He could feel it like a vibration, his own dick preparing to ooze out a new batch of come with new twitches and throbs. “
-!“ The angel sounded panicked.
“Ah.. hmm…” Castiel mumbled with soft shrugs as he stared down unhappily at his rejected hand, stroking it to comfort himself or some shit… and that was that. No other information given at all.
Cas broke the kiss to lean his forehead on Dean’s, gazing at him with his blues peeking through dark lashes. He looked so damn kissable that Dean wanted to cut his own heart out the way it was beating.
He sat up in panic and tugged the sheets around himself, but soon found that he was fully dressed and cleaned. Circling his eyes around the room he found that everything was in fact clean and in proper order.
Then again, he hadn’t actually thought through about what this curse could do to the man. Such as the fact that he might have robbed Dean of his chance of reaching a natural point of his life. A death, the means to an end that comes to all humans eventually.
But this had all changed ever since the first time he had encountered Dean’s soul in hell. Initially he couldn’t believe that Dean was the man who could save the apocalypse. A vessel for his older brother Michael. Castiel had stood there in hell, observing him. Watching Dean gutting, slashing, and ripping at damned souls with a primal darkness. And when there was nothing left of his victims, he immediately proceeded to the next in the same morbid act.
WOps, bloody imagery is being described.
Dean felt his heartbeat convert into improvised jazz as Cas just nibbled and kissed him sloppy, purring and cooing and just running his hands all over Dean’s body before tugging his arms close around him. Sometimes being run over by a compulsion that made him squeeze Dean’s body even tighter than he thought possible.
It wasn’t the angel underneath him; it was the woman.
Dean gasped and felt his whole body tense up for a few seconds. It was perfect. The sound so familiar, but now he took it in like a heroin addict shooting up a needle. It felt so good to hear him, to have him vibrate at his eardrum. The voice so gritty, so deeply dark as if he’d spent all his mornings gurgling on salt water, so flat of emotions. It resonated oddly with his own emotional shit-fest, and it felt fucking amazing.
It took all of his damn efforts to not give in to Castiel’s delicious pleading and horny agonized demeanor. Practically begging for the slightest touch, as if he’d take anything from Dean, just to get something whether or not it be just a scrape of his nail. And the inexperienced noises of him jerking off his dick was driving him crazy with want.
“Yep right about that. Third time’s not always the charm.” He tried to not sound hurt, but he couldn’t help but to glare when he turned around and view that damn angel. Still appearing so frustratingly perfect as he had yesterday, but now so out of reach. His eyes felt like knifes stabbing at Dean’s heart and confidence.
The angel tablet on the other hand, well- that was a trinket any creature would want to get a hold on. The only ones alive to know about it was the Winchesters however, presumably if Dean remembered that he had killed Metatron. The only good thing to come out of this mess. But it wasn’t a victory Castiel could celebrate.
“You fuckin-“ Crowley cussed in fury, butting his head back at Castiel and striking his lip hard enough to make it burst.
Then he quickly corrected himself and advised I should simply wash it, but then also said that it was only natural if I wanted to-“
But it was him.
of things” He said nodding as he thought of his brother that he hadn’t seen in a couple of millions of years. Probably too busy basking in his riches or helping out some promising businessman in the making. He was always fond of those kind of things- unlike war.
Squirrel. It’s not uncommon, you had quite the temper as a human and I imagine you’re still suffering from the aftereffects, it should stabilize after a while, if you let it.” Crowley further explained with a sigh, then turned around from the Winchester, tucking his mirror away and paced forward. “Come on darling, ride’s waiting. Let’s discuss more in the car.”
…” Cas muttered in a growl and stopped their naked dance abruptly. Dean hadn’t noticed it before, but Cas was out of breath, panting with his lips parted and looking as flushed as Dean felt. His hands were propped beside both sides of Dean’s head, hovering over him like an erotic blanket. Shiny with sweat which smelt as celestial as the angel’s whole appearance appeared, just looking at him was enough to keep Dean’s orgasm building to the near brink-
“That’s what family is for Cas.”
“Have you even listened to one single thing I’ve been telling you?” Crowley scowled and frowned at him with some kind of superior impatience.
“Oh, you're telling me that they will show up with the blade? Are you stupid, boy?” Crowley said. It was a contradiction that Dean hadn’t exactly thought through before his last counter. Now he was getting really pissed off however. He didn't come here to be ordered around by the demon in front of him, nor having his intelligence mocked. What Crowley didn’t know, was that Dean didn’t exactly plan to be his lap dog forever. He didn’t need Crowley. He only used him for food and housing, and the fact that he did provide with horrible people to kill off which had Dean keeping himself off from the streets.
“Relax. I was teasing you. Your body language is very apparent to me, despite the fact that you are hiding your face.” Castiel said. Dean could swear that he was smiling, you could hear him being amused.
“Really? Come one Cas, you’re killing me with the suspense!” The winchester pressed on. Castiel sighed and glanced at him. The curious nature of humanity. He looked like an impatient child on Christmas eve seated in front of his presents. Perhaps humans were so impatient to learn because of the fact that they would die at some point. A racetrack to knowledge before the time ran out. He could see that Sam wasn’t going to let this one slip.
Dean shook his head, dropping it low and rubbed his uptight frown (with his free hand), trying to squeeze out the vision of Castiel using his semen as playdough. “…strength in numbers ain’t just one cherub, Cas. Don’t tell me you’ve managed to provoke the whole freaking love army.” Dean grumbled… before growling at Castiel, who was still trying to touch his face with that nasty hand.
This notion finally filled the goblet of his temper, molded through eons and more lifetimes than Crowley could ever imagine. Castiel threw him down to the mushy ground beneath them, mud splattering on Crowley’s polished clothing as he landed with a wince. He wouldn’t let him react or stand up. No, the angel soon straddled over him and delivered a clenched fist to his face with his celestial might. Voice growling low and hefty.
“Trust me Iya…Am gonna make up for it…” Dean muttered, nervous, naked and shaky but wanting. He tugged at Castiel’s pants and damn, seeing the angel naked and moody like that was the sexiest thing he’s ever laid his eyes upon. “
“Heyheyhey, Cas! Where do you… Wh- y-you can’t walk out like that you idiot!” Dean blurted out seeing Cas just straight out walking to the front door as he were, naked and messy with traces of everything they’ve done with each other. The only thing that would be inconspicuous about him was his hair- because that permanently looked as if he was straight out from a German sex club.
Dean gulped, not caring that he swallowed some of it before loosening himself from Castiel’s grip and unlocking the door. Opening it, he tugged the angel against himself, and they kissed and tongue danced out of the bathroom. Castiel followed in a dreamy state, probably not even aware of how Dean guided him against the bed again.
He was butt naked, and he did understand, that being naked was -
I feel like each chap is a different state in my mind.
He had been so confused when he opened his eyes and found himself in the bunker - before he understood that what he had experienced was his first dream. A dream that had been absolutely dreadful and nauseating.
Cas felt thankful that he had never experienced vomiting.
Dean gasped for air and his eyes flew right open, flickering side to side in panic as he tried to phantom what had happened and where the hell he was. Feeling as if he had been stuck inside a dream and now suddenly awoke an eternity later,
Mind if I call you Barbie? Cus’ I wanna undress you everywhere...”
“I really can’t see the logic in being embarrassed at this point, Dean...” The angel said in a low voice as Dean squirmed beneath him, feeling the
Castiel sighed and opened his eyes, staring into the lonesome void of the motel room. It was dark as he had pulled the blinds down a few days ago, though still some light seeped through from the sun outside between the springs, gossiping that it was day. It was bright enough for him to make out the two wrapped items laying on his bedside table, the only company he had in this room. And another reason of why he was hiding. It was the first blade and the broken angel tablet lying there.
distracted.” Cas confessed, and he could finally see that the angel was feeling bothered by this too, shifting around his hips in discomfort.
"That was different." Cas had the nerve to say, and at that he just wanted to off the damn call, but the sweat and come-residue on his fingers wasn't really vibing with the touch function on the screen. Dean cursed, just fucking perfect.
The angel turned around, swiftly putting on his trench coat and prepared to leave at that. Dean groaned at the inadequate understanding of ‘what to do and what not to do in public’, the something he usually found hilarious to tease- now it had come back to bite him in the ass. “…You’re looking like a damn weenie waver…” He breathed, but thankful that it was at least dark outside so not too many people would see him dressed as a perverted flasher.
“A big fuck you then.” Dean snorted before he took a deep gulp at the whiskey, his palm tapped the mouth of the bottle as if it would help him to swallow the large amount he had filled his mouth with. It hurt his throat.
“I suppose... I have been feeling bad about the wasteful water usage of cleaning just my one shirt. Your planet deserves better.”
He growled and groaned into his neck desperately, the volume only increasing as the time passed and the more he rubbed himself against Dean… and the more Dean rubbed himself against Cas.
But Castiel was no doe, he was an angel.
And there, moments later, he found himself in the woods, standing in front of Dean’s ashes. He stayed there motionless for a while, bracing himself for the worst and avoided to look down. But he couldn’t get a break from it even then. The smell of lye tainted his celestial nose almost as if to taunt him. It was pouring down with rain and the water reacted with the powdery leftovers of Dean. Every time a rain droplet went crashing down onto the pile the molecules went flying, as if to remind him that there’s no time in hoping, forgetting, or procrastinating. He mustered up the courage and got down on his knees to observe the pile carefully. It was disheartening to see it empty, just like Dean’s bed.
“I… I dreamed of Dean.” He said in a quiet fashion and hoped that it would be enough for Sam to understand. “I don’t however feel like… talking about it.”
“So… Are you okay? This morning, that was uh… Your first nightmare wasn’t it?”
Such a horrible feeling.
He found himself in a moment of human clarity, sincerely unwelcome since it mostly meant feeling like shit ever since he had resurrected. Hearing the mention of Cas made him feel hurtful, angry, betrayed, and most of all; weird in a way that frightened him. The winning emotion now however was betrayal as his memories drifted away at last year.
Dean thought biting down on his lips to suffocate his moans.
“Interesting to see how you’ll pull that one off.” Sam snorted. “You know the bunker is warded. You can’t even enter, so you might as well forget about it and tell us where the hell Dean is.” Sam said, pulling out his gun and aiming it right at the king of hell, ready to pull the trigger on instinct should he see the slightest twitch at the demon.
The only thing he had been doing was watching Castiel snore on top of him… and well, touched him.
Ever since that moment Castiel found himself being completely engulfed in Dean’s existence, and as life progressed on earth he also realized that it was like his own existence was bonded to him.
Not here, not now. Not with Cas. It was wrong.
. Cas had noticed him staring. He always tilted his head whenever he tried to figure something out. Like why Dean had stared at his stomach for a split second. Why Dean looked so embarrassed and flushed. The angel had gotten much better at emotions throughout the years, but he still couldn’t quite understand the reason behind them if it weren’t apparent to him. Obviously, he hadn’t experienced being a hormonal teen.
“Delightful, already figured it out.” Crowley said with a face full of anticipation.
“A-Are you? Don’t fucking tell me you’re inside my head!?” Dean growled embarrassed as he clasped his hands over his face to escape that piercing gaze. Of course, Cas had been in his mind, he already knew he had been by now, the question was more of an exclamation of his own shame.
“Dean…” He growled. Taken out of context his facial expression would look pained- but in this moment it was just pure hot… So much pleasure was there that the blue shone through the crinkly skin of his eyelids. “I-I won’t be able to contain mys-”
He just stood there, admiring his crimson work of art from the viewpoint of his dark and slaughterous appetite. It was a gory monument to behold, something that he otherwise wouldn’t be able to delight in if he'd been in his mind’s clarity. It was all so foggy now and in a way that made Dean feel as if he’s always been like this. For some reason it also tempted him to let this hidden specter of him be set in concrete. He wanted to let his mind be free from the restraints of morality, and he wanted to allow himself to everlastingly indulge in the serene adrenalin whenever he’d carve out the lives of these filths.
His father had told him that people wasn’t their monsters to deal with. But what’s the difference between a shape shifter and a sociopath when you really think about it.
He was jealous that they actually had a choice, whereas he himself was forced into a life he had no control over. It was not that he enjoyed the torture or the need to punish, it was more so the fact that his emotional intelligence was that of a three-year old’s. He hadn’t learned how to properly deal with setbacks or feelings
He just wanted to wake up to a normal friggen day, he just wanted to eat pie at a diner. Or a burger. Not this, whatever this was.
Castiel smiled.
Dean couldn’t decide but he didn't really care to either.
“Ooone…”
“I will wash with intent and see to my personal grooming.” Castiel answered, eying down at his grown nails and the orange tainted grub underneath the lengths of his whites, a memory from the cheese doodles.
The wave hit him again.
He prayed that Cas would just kiss him… And sparks went flying as Cas did, licking deep into his mouth, biting roughly at his lips just as Dean craved to fuel the frustration of wanting him inside him. Just allowing himself to think about it was enough to feel the reach of his own climax grappling at him.
Dean should feel furious at Castiel for making Sam go through that, and surely he was. But there was something else that he felt too boiling underneath. Something wicked that was scratching at the walls of his mind like a hungry beast. A spark ignited which made Dean feel an uncomfortable need, and he couldn’t put his finger on whether he wanted to feel the heat of Castiel’s blood or… skin under his touch as he would punish him. Either way he now craved breathing in his Castiel’s cries as if snorting cocaine - just as how he felt himself wanting to breathe in the scent of the angel as if it was equally vital like oxygen.
And that’s the story of how Dean sucked his first dick. A cherub’s spell, a filthy come-loving angel and a total of 4 shared ejaculations later, that was what it took to get over Dean’s
“Help how?” Castiel plainly answered. Dean flung his head back and groaned. To think Cas would be so stupid despite kissing him like that earlier.
“Sure was...” Sam muttered in between the dabs. “You could’ve been killed running at him like that. You lied didn’t you? About the grace.”
“Sam…” Castiel answered with a firm tone, authoritative and unshaken by a strong belief. “Dean withstood Alastair’s torment for 30 years before the first of the 66
Dean sobbed as he glared at Castiel’s moaning face, seeing him spill out so cruelly all over him meanwhile he himself couldn’t for the second time. It was beautiful but equally a torture.
“Okay…”
Why you were inclined,”
Dean cried with tears streaming down his cheeks, this whole thing was crazy, but he just suddenly found that he needed to stick his dick inside that wet hole. Nothing else mattered except that, and it was weird but damn exciting and obsessing.
Cas had made Dean into something that the Winchesters deeply despised, the very thing that had ruined their life in more than one way. He had become the kind that had killed their mother, tortured Dean in hell and tricked Sam into releasing Lucifer from the same place.
Sequences of the conversation with Dean played back in his head. He really did try to understand the purpose of it all but he felt like he missed something. The conversation had been so trivial and simple. The term ‘small-talk’ was the only thing applicable which itself was an oddity, because Dean never phoned to just ‘talk’. He always wanted something.
Dean dug his nails into the angel’s shoulders, just now realizing how the tip of Cas’s dick was peeking out above his waistline and pressing at Dean’s stomach. And it made him moan into the kiss, and press back against his lips.
Perhaps he should kill Crowley? The man had been a demon for hundreds of years and taken advantage of several weak souls. Then again those very people often struck a deal out of their own egoistical gain. 10 years of riches, a trophy wife and a show dog that would bark at strangers outside the golden gates of their mansion. One of the many examples there was out there. Perhaps Crowley did the world a favor too, but does that excuse all the shit he had done to him, Sam, Cas or the whole world? The king of hell was one of the reasons Dean couldn’t get what he wanted- it was Crowley’s fault that he had begged Castiel to erase the memory of him from Ben and Lisa. He had robbed him of a family.
Sam said and folded his laptop shut, probably noting the dark circles forming under Castiel’s eyes. The Winchester looked exhausted too, which wasn’t odd. He had been driving all day and now the clock was soon past 2 am. “Time to hit the sack anyway. Just pick any bedroom, okay?”
Castiel removed his tie with a grunt as well as his upper clothing. “Spit it out and get on the bed.” he said and reached down his hand at Dean’s mouth. “We’re not done yet.” Dean’s eyes grew wider as he figured out was going to happen next.
Not like it mattered to him at the moment. Night or morning; if he wouldn't get out of there he'd
Perhaps that had been god’s plan all along.
“Oh, Cas… by the way.” Sam said as if he just realized something important, but his voice seemed a little concerned for some reason.
“I’m sorry, Dean.” Cas said, hesitant and with remorse.
“The curse of Cain.” Cas said as he looked into his eye hesitantly albeit serious. “Apparently it could be transferred to Dean, I… He is alive. I had planned to be there when…
? Dean, I have responded to the majority of your prayers before.”
Though Castiel didn't have to deal with that, so no, Dean didn't want any apologies.
Dean didn’t even notice the angel whispering that he was beautiful.
What does that prove though, boy?
His eyes fluttered and it felt as he had woken up a second time today, dark clouds dispersing in his mind to expose the sun. Not that it filled him with clarity, his mind was kind of hoity-toity all over the place and nowhere at the same time.
“Dude, are you serious? I fucking told you, nothing’s going on. You honestly gonna Dr. Phil my ass now?” Dean frowned with a dash of garlic dressing at the corner of his mouth. All he wanted was to enjoy this moment, not to be picked at again by shrink-Crowley.
Sending a prayer that he loved him.
He felt a strong want to approach him, and his mind was already two steps ahead. But when Castiel was to initiate the task of motioning his feet forward to Dean, he found himself dumbfounded. They didn’t move. Castiel stared down at his feet. Everything was there and intact but for some reason his legs were too afraid to move. It felt as if the earth was in the process of swallowing them, gulping him down into invisible quicksand - or as if his legs simply didn’t exist at all. He was paralyzed.
The damn freaking thing he had mourned before with no warning whatsoever.
“That’s good, Cas. That itself is proof that he doesn’t hate you. I mean, either he called because he was drunk and bored, or he called because he was drunk and lonely. Which means that he’s still Dean.” Sam said and somehow seemed a little happy despite the initial reaction. His words were encouraging, and it did make sense in some ways, even Dean’s anger. Had he been fully demonized, then Castiel figured he wouldn’t be struggling the way he interpreted him to be. But then again, he couldn’t take much joy in the notion of causing Dean all that hurt which riddled his voice. Which is why he could only give Sam the smallest smile he could afford to fake.
Dean’s hatred.
Somehow Sam sounded very sure of that.
“Shhh- shhh! Cas you’re fine!” Dean threw his arms around Castiel to sooth him and help him in the only way he could manage, hugging him tightly against his violent shivers as the angel humped down on Dean’s cock through forced spasms.
“Oh, you’ve no idea..!” He squeezed out, watching the final large bob of his cock and the last bit of white dribbling out from his hot-pink tip on the messy pool below on his stomach. He smiled happily and milked out the last of it with his hand, ass clenching as he pressed over the head.
“Are you deaf boy? I have already told you. Don’t tell me you know
Castiel coughed, hands down and gripping on the grass.
“I’ll count down from three, then you can begin!” She called.
to see. The name Sam escaped his dry lips as he reached out a pale hand towards him, weak and heavy just like his throaty voice appeared.
“Alright? Come on Cas, you fucking demonized me. You expect me to be alright? You have no idea-“
experiencing a top tier masturbation session whose orgasm felt better than sexing up a hot chick.
“Are you dealing with it though?”
Except for Sam. Sam would see, and Sam would understand exactly what was going on. Because Cas would probably tell him exactly what was going on. Because… Cas is Cas.
“…I believe you human address it as,
“What you said before…" He paused and Dean could see the smallest bob of his adam's apple. He seemed hesitant but decisive, like he had to say it. "I love you too, Dean. I know you were not in your right mind yesterday....” The angel kept talking but Dean blocked it all out.
Dean moaned, both because of Castiel grinding him good, and at his assertion. “You mean, we can’t do nothing else but this?” Dean asked with a smirk and cupped Castiel’s cheeks to pull him down into a kiss again, in which they both hummed into each other’s throats. Cas relaxed his whole weight on Dean as he kissed back, sliding his arms underneath Dean’s armpits, and just holding him. Holding Dean so tight. It sent flocks of small earthquakes down his body whenever he felt Castiel’s strength, and Dean squeezed at the muscles on Cas’s shoulder just to amplify the Richter scale.
as Castiel rubbed the slippery tip of his member who seeped with pre-cum.
Then Dean sang his lungs out to
He whispered as his cock pulsated with increased blood flow, every damn throb made him more and more hard. And he couldn’t think. Didn’t even notice how Cas hadn’t even chased after him or how quiet the angel was on the opposite side of the door.
Poor Dean just wants to know how to get the spell removed, but Cas is too distracted :*...
. Doing so they had been treating everything that Dean couldn’t have like it was nothing more than shit, and for that Dean found himself inclined to punish them.
His dick milking itself with throbbing twitches and landing record breaking streaks all up his bottom lip while he pressed his head down. His body basically convulsing through a never-ending euphoria.
“Damn it Cas, open the door.” He snapped. The angel was behaving more childish than he ever had. Then suddenly he heard rustling noises, and a zip.
Instead, Dean punched a sucker at Crowley which made the king of hell fly out of the bathroom with the darkest blackeye he had ever accomplished to donate a victim. Dean had barged after him as he fiddled his fly close, cursing foul insults at the king of hell. They rumbled and scuffed their way out from the bar with flying fists, but it all ended up with laughter as they both fell downwards in separate trenches beside the road.
He held his breath to suffocate a groan as he thought of how Cas was saving his mojo that much. To have the angel actually allow himself to get dirty for more than a mere few hours. If he didn’t even use his grace to clean his clothes, what else was he abstaining from? Was he letting himself sweat and get hot too? Did he have to eat? What would it taste like to lick cream off his lips?
Despite everything Castiel had put him and Sam through, Dean would always forgive him. It made Castiel want to do better, to be worthy a presence in Dean’s company.
An involuntary groan slithered its way out from his mouth, driven by the frustration of his never-ending thoughts. He sat up and stretched his sore muscles before getting up from the bed, walking his way over to the bathroom. Every lousy step made rustled as he waddles over plastic bags of chips and cheese doodles scattered across the floor.
Cas said deep and gritty, looking back at Dean with his chin down. Either he just mimicked Dean’s emphasis on the word ‘just’ and applied it to his own ‘sorry’, or he knew exactly what Dean was talking about.
at me as if I were a hamburger,
Sam waited quietly for a while, probably anticipating a reply or that Castiel would open the door. But when he didn’t Castiel could hear him fiddling with something metallic.
“Roughly translated…” Cas said and cleared his throat. “Castiel, your grace can be found in the library. Take my advice and live for a long, long time. Gadreel.” Castiel explained, cutting back on a few details such as him being a guardian of the seventh heaven. He figured that Gadreel must have slipped the note into his pocket before he aided the Winchester’s in their fight against Metatron and the angels. Before he sacrificed himself by blowing himself up to pieces, a chance of redemption for his wrong doings.
“So… Why didn’t you?” Sam eventually asked now also looking down at his own hands.
Dean thought as he pushed the exit door open and walked straight to his stolen car. He didn't want to get back to the hotel, because Crowley was staying at the same one. He’d have to figure something out but he was too angry to keep his thoughts straight. Perhaps he could just sit tight in the car and some solution would pop up in his head. At least he’d be alone in there and actually get to think and calm down in peace.
So. I've reached a point in this story where I'm suddenly rethinking the whole act that comes after this. Which means that the chapters I have done, might need to be scrapped alltogether or rewritten.
Dean suddenly stared into the room.
“No, no, no, chap. You’ve been ‘
“These devices… I don’t trust them.” He murmured to himself as he closed it shut again.
Be prepared for the beginning of Dean's roller coaster of emotions haha (:...
mm… b-but” Kissing, “-you seem” Licking. “- less crazy now…“
Sam had taken the telephone from Dean’s pocket before they cremated his body. He had also taken his wallet which Castiel found weird at the time. It is not as if Sam would have any use for it.
He didn’t like it; not one bit. The overbearing and psycho-stalking-possessive feeling he suddenly found haunting his mind towards Castiel. It was something he didn’t want to be true or listen to, but it was something Cain wouldn’t stop shutting up about. He didn’t know how to make it stop, so all he could do was denying it, but the more he fought back the worse the voice got.
– Dean thought as he remembered what Cas said edging him before- but those thoughts were quickly clouded as Castiel’s dick nudged at Dean’s fun-bun. Repeatedly, as if the slight uppity bent of Cas’s dick was made just for this.
by the way.” Crowley mocked as if he couldn’t help himself. Dean glared at him, clearly not amused as the reference, and especially not now as he was experiencing an emotional turmoil between mountains and valleys.
…?” Dean whispered weakly at his naïve smooshes, kind of afraid and kind of thrilled at the mindless angel basking around in his fragrance. Admiring him as if he was the one and only holy grail. “Cas we gotta get sum’ help, I- this is great and all but…” Dean tried to reason but bit down on his lips as Castiel was purring against his neck and smearing the semen-drool all over his skin.
Cas pulled his lips backwards. It was neither a smile nor a pout. Just something that felt natural to his vessel as he thought of what it would be like if Sam and Dean didn’t get intertwined in an apocalyptic prophesy, where their demise all began. Perhaps it would have been for the better. They’d have their deepest desire of a normal life, and they’d have their family. But the thought made his heart ache with the same selfishness as before, because in that reality they’d probably never meet. He would still be a mechanical angel standing by and guarding the seventh heaven, a regent of Saturn, an observer of humanity. Not someone who interacts with the human world. He would be a seraph that would only attend the deaths of Kings or those who found themselves complete at loss. Lost like the Winchesters often found themselves.
“Dean? Dean where are you?? Has Crowley-”
“What a delight! There’s the old Sparkles I know, too bad you’re still a doormat.” He chuckled and raised himself from the ground, spitting out the pool of blood in his mouth.
Or his chuckle that suddenly rang in the room.
“Uh, yeah, that and… Well, maybe you don’t want to wear Dean’s clothing all the time while yours are drying?”
“Why you gotta do me like that, Cas! Just, we’ll fool around or something, okay! The offer’s not on the table for long, I’ve no idea what’s… Whatever. Damn it. I’m out.” Dean pushed himself from the door, heart feeling like it’s thumping its way out from his chest. What was he doing? What was he thinking? He seriously thought that this would make the situation any less awkward? No, time to flee. Just as he normally did when feelings were bubbling inside him too much. He turned around to leave, but then a click could be heard. The door was open and Cas had grabbed his wrist.
Last time it happened, well… That’s how this come-fest happened.
“Dean called me.” Castiel quietly confessed. “I should have alerted you, but he threatened to silence his telephone device.”
“This was a setback, we were careless.” Cas said, dabbing at Sam’s wound. The Winchester whined at his touch, but he chose to ignore it.
“Jesus fu- Quit staring before I cave your face in! Been busting my ass off all week with your contracts. So cut me some slack will you?” Dean growled, wanting to lessen whatever aura there was in the room.
“So… how do you defeat a cherubs army?” Dean asked.
listenin’ right?” He scolded, slapping away the angel’s hands as if they were bugs buzzing around his face. As if Cas was the only one needing to get a grip. The main reason why Dean refused him was because every single touch felt dangerous. Nudging him back to that delirious state he’d rather not think about. But he wasn’t as deep down in it as Castiel seemed to be.
He wouldn’t listen to it anymore. Dean turned his head to glance at the mirror wall beside the bed. Letting his eyes linger on the woman whimpering below him at the mercy of his bucking hips. Listening intently to her heated moans escaping from the softness of her plump and flushed lips, smeared with lipstick. It comforted him and grounded him, everything about her was beautiful and made him feel right. She was a perfect tool to occupy his mind with, to keep himself from listening and thinking. The warmth and wetness of her insides enveloping his own cock was a perfect argument to prove that this was enough, he didn’t need anything else. The voice in his head was
. Everyone had been in a good mood after a successful hunt. They were also in a good mood because of the fact that it didn’t seem like any large threats were ready at their doorsteps. That if one thing further spread joy around the aura of the bunker. Dean had wanted to celebrate, so he had bought beer,
Castiel stood paralyzed as he felt the words sink in, now alone in his isolation. This had been a fluke, a chaotic and stupid fluke. There was nothing else to do but cursing at himself for being imbecilic and how helpless he found himself to be. He couldn’t do anything to try and piece this shattered mess together.
So, it was morning again.
But he opened his eyes.
It seemed pretty straight forward, unlike poker where you had to remember what a good hand was and not. After a while he did get the hang of it. Though it was difficult at times. Once he was told to make his eyes glow and imitate a white walker from Game of thrones. Acting was not his strongest suit.
So, he unzipped his pants, turned on the faucet and angled his cock down towards the drain… And he stared at himself in the mirror again as the steady stream began running down.
Crowley squinted at him in a quiet manor, as if fascinated and trying to figure out the source of his sudden change of character. It wasn’t odd, since this wasn’t Dean being overprotective like he always had been before, it was him stating his claim.
Castiel felt Sam hand on his shoulder.
Dean turned the shower on and made it a cold one to fully awaken his senses and logic. As the water landed on his body he let out an embarrassingly sharp shriek, feeling as if his skin was attacked by icicles. The shocking temperature change made him aware of muscles he normally wouldn’t see or feel, such as those plopping up through the pie and beer nourished stomach of his, just a little more fluffy than Sam’s he argued.
That question struck his gut like an expanding ball of yarn, waiting to get unraveled, everything damn word he has kept to himself, all of his emotions and disappointment. It pushed at his throat, and he couldn’t help himself but to give in to the need to explain
“It doesn’t matter, the lie was successful.” Castiel replied with lack of tone, just his normal dark and gritty voice. He didn’t want to voice his concerns. The grace was faltering but it wasn’t necessarily too low for their mission. The problem was that he’d start growing sick anytime soon if he weren’t frugal. Using his celestial strength to hold down Crowley was obligatory and something he didn’t regret. Sam was choking, and he would not let the younger Winchester suffer any permanent brain damages on his watch due to hypoxia. But it did cause him to experience a drop of energy.
It was as debilitatingly as he imagined a demonic possession would feel like to a human. If he didn’t know any better he might have believed it. That a mini-Lucifer was latched on like a tick inside his ear, solely there to remind him of his mistakes, and spew fear into his mind of Dean hating him. Though he knew that there was no creature in his ear, he could still hear the words over and over again to the point where Cas felt brainwashed enough to believe it. That Dean hated him.
Cas looked down at the clothes he was wearing,
“Okay. Together.”
Sam gave Castiel a look, but Castiel didn't answer it. Insted he walked to stand in the corner of the room- outside of Dean’s field of view. Sam then looked back at Dean again. Puzzled for a second, calculating the energy of the room, no doubt.
to him attaining the mark in the first place?”
The demon chuckled.
He didn’t get that same drunken ignition that sparked such ambiguous admiration. He didn’t get the same curiosity over how Dean would handle the next events coming at hand, how he’d deal with choices in his life. Such as those when the older Winchester had to pick between his sweet tooth or his taste for junk food, often settling for both in the end. He didn’t feel that way with Sam, although he of course cared for him a lot too. It was simply a different type of care.
“Go to hell, asshole.” Dean growled, but shut up as he felt Castiel’s hand move his one knee out of the way. The tip of his penis stroked against his hole, and he found his hands trembling with anticipation. He had been pegged before one time. A long ass time ago, but it had happened, and it was wild despite the babe not finishing the deed in time before Dean had aborted the mission. It felt too unnatural at that point. But now…
The door opened up where Sam and Cas entered. He cast a quick glance at the angel who gave him the smallest twitch of a smile. It made Dean's heart go even more loco, so instead he snapped his gaze to Sam who blinked at him- and then also gave Dean a small smile.
Like it's all chaos.
. Let’s skip the chit chat and get right to it then, lads!” Crowley said, clapping his hands, as if impressed over the obvious.
…” he whispered in admiration before Castiel impatiently began tugging at his arm.
A flash struck him and suddenly he couldn’t stop it. His twisted mind found itself flushed by images of Cas, the damn angel that had made his way into his life and fucking up his world. Dean’s blood ran hot and cold simultaneously at the fantasy, the prickliest of goosebumps rising on his skin. His mind tickled him. Imagining the angel being on top of him, beneath him, beside him. To be in Castiel’s embrace, just as when he had been cradled by him as Dean was dying, so close to his chest and feeling the warmth radiating through his layers of clothes. The darkness of his otherwise beautifully bright eyes piercing into his soul, full of emotion and care.
“Fantastic,
Had Dean been in his full senses he’d probably feel self-conscious about his own body. It was not like Dean hasn’t got any muscles,
started caressing Dean’s cock, pinching at his nipples – touching at his everything.
“Sam. He is approaching.”  Cas replied ordinarily with the tiniest wavelength of disappointment peeking through.
“Uh, yeah of course. I’ll… I guess I’ll be out in the Car.” Sam said, casting a last sympathetic smile at Castiel who just stood there stiff like a stature in his corner.
“Twoooo…”
“Again.” He demanded kissing at Dean’s neck.
be sorry about. It had been…
, despite the look Sam had on his face and how he held a breath as he let the information settle in his brain. The silence between them soon followed by a long exhale, and Cas sighed himself too.
. And both of them hummed together in pleasured melodies. Castiel stroked Dean's hair and mumbled praises. And Dean stroked at his thigh, and squeezed out the last of their cum.
Humans often did ask the most trivial and insignificant questions, such as
Hope you enjoyed this mess, whoever you are <3
Sam’s cough interrupted Castiel from continuing any further. “I-it’s fine Cas. Just wash everywhere and you’ll be okay.” He stuttered and appeared squeamish.
Crowley’s eyes turned stern. “I know enough; and more than you. Can’t sense the boy, can you? You must know why. Boy, I must assume it hurts too? Dear Dean warding himself from you, finally realizing what an obsessive prick you are. He despises you, just as Sam will do. Don’t worry I won’t kiss and tell; I won’t spare you that agony.” He spat, words feeling like acid burning at Castiel’s defenses.
But there was this one variable that were missing in Crowley’s equation that Dean didn’t really feel obliged to solve just yet, or ever for that matter.
Cas felt Sam let go of him.
He shut his eyes and pulled Castiel in close, just allowing it to happen but he didn’t want to be too present. Their lips met roughly against each other as he had pretty much yanked the angel against him. He had planned to let it be this clumsy of a kiss, it shouldn’t mean anything. 10 seconds of this and it will be over. But soon he found himself relax into the kiss. Castiel’s lips felt so soft and smooth against his own, besides the amount of stubble above them. The roughness somehow just felt, hot... He realized that he really has had a thing for Cas with his messy hair and unshaven face, like he didn’t have a single care in the world over such things. His crooked tie. The way he stared against all social rules. Did this feel as amazing for Cas as it did for him?
“Hah, thanks for the laugh, Cas.” Sam hummed into his smile. It was nice, the atmosphere in the car suddenly felt much lighter.
Would it make him feel even closer to Dean?
Castiel and Dean now faced each other, but too far apart. Dean wondered who was going to step forward but soon found that Castiel had taken the initiative. This wasn’t new, being this intimately close to Cas. There had been moments before where he’d be eyed down like this. Where he made Dean feel so small and insecure in his own strength, it was silly, but still it made his cheek twitch.
Dean closed the door, but kept his back turned on the angel, one hand resting on the door frame and the other massaged between his eyebrows.
“I have masturbated.” Castiel said with frustration, as if he had been sure it would solve his problem. Dean clenched his fist on the door.
“If Sam burned my body, then why the hell am I here?” He asked, almost forcing himself to sound frustrated but in truth he was more so curious at this point.
. Literary as if Castiel was all over his body, just like he had fantasized before. Pinching at his nipples, caressing at his body, squeezing at his waist, rubbing his dick and finger-fucking him in the ass. Dean shivered like a nervous eye-twitch. He was so overwhelmed that he didn’t know how to process anything else in his mind except the building pressure in his crotch. His heartbeat was thumping faster and faster every damn second, and the muscles were clenching so bad he was basically cramping. Castiel’s eyes shone faintly blue, like a firefly in the dark.
Until he saw it, the outlines of a man, of Dean’s body. He let himself feel the tiniest rush of joy before smothering it with worry. He had arrived late which meant he had no time in rejoicing. Dean was alone out there as a newly fledged knight of hell, he had woken up alone which wasn’t something Castiel had planned to happen at all.
He found himself angry, whether it was from the shock of masturbating to the angel or the emotional rollercoaster that went amok in his brain because of the fact, was unknown to him. It was unfair that Cas got to feel sorry. This whole mess was his fault, but Cas had gotten away easy. He had gotten what he wanted; Dean was alive. Alive and fucked up, brain sporadically non-functional because of
Dean’s ribs felt pretty mushed, kind of like floppy bananas seeing as the angel must’ve been splayed on top of him the whole night,
“Well, I guess you’re back into working order…” Crowley said, sipping on a Sex on the beach in a slightly disgusted but fascinated manor, watching as Dean stuffed his face full like a messy toddler. “So... mind telling me what’s been going on with you lately?”
. Whether that be consuming souls… Demon blood, or making stupid decisions behind each other’s backs. This is… It’s not the worst. Don’t get me wrong, it’s not the best either. But he’s alive and honestly that’s all I could ever ask of.” Sam continued and then placed his hand on Castiel’s shoulder firmly and empathetic. “But Cas, we’re in this together.
He slowly raised himself from the ground with trembling limbs and a hoarse groan. Looking lostly around him one last time before he began to walk. He had no idea where he was heading, but some kind of instinct drew him forward-
“But I thought-“ Dean tried asking but found himself interrupted by Castiel’s fingers stealing smooth touches on his skin. He looked like a lucid drunk, struggling even more with personal space than Dean thought it possible… and it was distracting to say the least. “Hey! You gotta get a grip and listen, man. You
Castiel stood silent and peered inside Dean’s room in the bunker. It felt unnatural to see the bed empty this early in the morning. He would often catch a glance at the man every so often. Sometimes on purpose, sometimes just because he was passing by the corridor and the door would be open. Dean would often lay there sleeping soundly, fully dressed with his shoes on. As if he simply chose to blink the night before but eyes never opened back up, his mind probably drifting along as music from his headphones carried him into a deep slumber. Castiel found comfort in that view. To see Dean’s softly shaped eyes fully relaxed, the length of his eyelashes truly showing, the frown between his eyebrows erased. It was one of the few times Dean looked completely peaceful and Castiel savored that vision just as the Winchester’s savored morning coffee.
. Either it was him that moved towards it, or the other way around, he couldn’t know for sure. But it was blindingly bright and burned away at his essence, filling him with a hopeful trepidation.
“That settles it then. We’ll get some rest, recuperate and then the first thing we do is driving to that library
“C-Cas, c’mon, I’m so close-“
But shit, holding the phone to his ear was a chaotic mix of emotions. Each ringtone and each second had him thrown back and forth between doubt, want, doubt, want.
His hands touched the walls as he walked, fingers bumping over the rough texture of the grainy surface and door frames. The bunker felt so familiar but also so very different, it was unusually empty without Dean there. Just himself and Sam, sharing the weight over Dean in a rather profound silence, no yelling or laughing echoed the corridors. Castiel can’t remember ever being alone with Sam like this before, though he had with Dean. Back when Sam was addicted to consuming demon blood.
“My sincerest apologies. Unrequited love, such an ugly thing sometimes. Jealousy doesn’t suit you, Castiel.”
.oOo.
Dean lowered his hands down at Castiel’s pants, undoing them carefully and hesitant but kind of excited too. Shivering as the silky and hot skin of Castiel’s cock nudged his fingers, and hearing the angel groan as the pressure was relieved.
“And?” Dean asked, looking back at Sam.
Dean gasped feeling Castiel circling his hips around in smooth motions, and he could feel the warmth of his cock even through the sheets. Cas was pressing so hard down against Dean that his own dick was throbbing in a frustrating manor again. Dean wanted more.
He squeezed at his balls, fondling them as if wanting to aid the approaching fire building up in his dick. Thinking so hard on Castiel’s body, his tan and fit body, his hands touching him and rubbing him wet. His dick flopping and slapping Dean’s face with come, His cock against his own, his cock inside him and vice versa. Oh, he wanted it, needed it, it felt so good to want it.
.oOo.
“And what’s that?”
. His hands grappled at the cold surface below him, feeding the need to anchor himself in anything and everything he could get a hold off. To feel something real, whatever real was, he found that he didn’t remember. But something was different, that much he knew. He felt awfully cold both inside and outside. At least the latter had an explanation.
“Dean.” The angels deep voice tickled his insides. The strong grasp on his wrist felt like fire. Dean turned around to look at him and there it was again. The blue eyes, now filled with yearning and need. It was an instant hard on. Dean gritted his teeth; he couldn’t stand it any longer. The angel had ravaged his defenses and now he would suffer the consequences. He pushed the angel inside the bathroom again and shut the door behind them with his foot. Then he further pushed at him against the sink. Just like before when they had played the game with Charlie he pulled them closely together for a kiss, just as rough, but this time passionately so. Castiel immediately tugged at his shirt to pull away.
Sam.” Dean said instead, but the growl from his past thought still stained his voice.
It was just him there, everyone else were either in heaven, hell, purgatory or at home watching the lastest episode of Dr. Sexy.
Charlie spun the bottle.
He'd never get to look at him like this again, and he'd never get to feel the way he did yesterday. Soon it would all be gone.
. Charlie had come up with the idea to play a mixture of truth or dare and spin the bottle. Sam and Dean had scoffed at this at first, seeing as it felt childish. But Charlie looked so enthusiastic and happy, so they couldn’t tell her no. They soon found themselves lost in having a great time, it had been a great idea and a nice contrast to the seriousness of their everyday life. It had been so fun in fact that Dean and Charlie didn’t want to go to bed yet, especially when Castiel came. It would be nice to see the angel loosen up from his normally well behaved manors.
“Yes.” Castiel said, his forehead tilted against the coldness of the passenger window, it felt soothingly damp to his skin and he was happy to actually experience it. The cold, a sensation that he as a seraph never would’ve raised an eyebrow towards. It was raining again however, something he now associated to the day where he had stood in the woods and watched down on Dean’s ashes. His body now somewhere too far away from him to grasp a hold of like he had in hell.
Wanting to watch, wanting to teach, wanting to serve, wanting to participate himself, wanting to taste and feel.
It was decided, Dean knew exactly where he was going. To Kansas, Lebanon. Once and for all he would prove to himself that what his mind was implying, the whole Cas-addiction-abstinence-thing, was utter and complete nonsense. He was in control, not the curse and absolutely no demonic greed. Killing off victims on Crowley’s contracts didn’t help as much as he wished it would, but he hadn’t tried getting the blade yet. He hadn’t dared to because that would mean actually meeting up with Castiel. An encounter that he feared would shake him to his core even if he was levitating in zero gravity.
Sam raised his eyebrows and rolled his eyes with a sigh at Dean’s snappy attitude. Palms up in the air as he shrugged. “I don’t know, I wasn’t here Dean- I only saw the state of..." Sam nodded to Cas, very discreetly. " Anyway, I was busy chasing that cherub well past midnight trying to bring him here.”
Castiel walked the halls in the corridors of the bunker, mind troubled and absent off reality. He still hadn’t been able to shake off the feeling from this morning, even as Sam had woken him up by shaking his shoulders. The action had initially amplified his horror, but he knew that reality and dreams could intertwine sometime. He had seen it in Dean and Sam countless of times whenever he’d stand watch over them sleeping despite their unawareness of him being there.
He closed the fridge. Whiskey it was.
Cas moaned as he slipped his shirt off, with his blazer and the damn trench coat. His hardon poked out as a tent between his legs, displaying a wet spot by the tip from his previous orgasm, and Dean could feel his own boner waking up. “
“I-I…” Dean hesitated, really trying to think this all through – it’s just the cherubs spell right? It shouldn’t mean anything for real right? It did feel good to say it, like a weight being lifted from his shoulders. So maybe it was okay, maybe it was some sort of roleplay, maybe it wasn’t-
“I-uh. Sam provided me with your clothing.”
He breathed hot and flushed.
He touched the phone in his pocket again, playing with the thought of what would happen if he called the angel. Perhaps he could allow himself to feed the want just a little? The want that was much a like when Sam had made him cut back on his drinking.
“Neither of us has never.” He scolded him meanwhile reaching his hand underneath his mattress to pull out his secret hiding place for his lube. Dean could feel the heat from inside the angel through the touch of their chests, hot like a Finnish Sauna, probably nervous as shit. Dean was too, but more than that he was desperate for relief.
“Hey, boy!” Crowley snapped with his fingers in front of Dean’s face, causing him to startle.
instead
“I... I could erase your memory Dean. You wouldn’t recall anything about yesterday.” Castiel offered, taking a step forward.
“Dean?!” Desperation seeped through his voice as he was calling for him, searching for any trail as he spun around. But only the sound of rain answered him, the branches of the pine trees waving. As a beagle he used his sense of smell to whiff out something else other than water molecules, oxygen, and lye, or the moist and ripe scent of the dirt. He twisted and turned his head until he finally found something different. Stomach acid and sulfur stung his nose like a thousand needles as he had focused on it. He immediately ran towards it, still calling for Dean. Desperation still tainting his otherwise flat and raspy voice as he passed the wet forest, into bewildered and untouched vegetation.
“Not just any demon Squirrel, a knight of hell, last one of the kind. That makes you special.” Crowley, who sat beside him, said as he swirled around the ice cube in his glass of Glencraig. Dean licked his lips and curled them before tilting his head towards Crowley, watching as he downed the last of his whiskey. His eyes furrowed upwards, finding the demon’s word to be nothing more than stupid.
The angel whined as Dean pressed his finger inside. Cas took his fingers, opening his mouth so that Dean could see his tongue laying limp against his bottom teeth.
“Yes. I think I understand why Dean listens to it. The first song was calming and had me falling asleep… but I did wake up by another man yelling very loudly along to an obstreperous
Dean was full of despise and despair, and he could feel where it was directed. Dean was angry at him, perhaps he even hated him. His back seemed sharp like thorns, prickly and pointy enough to break through the skin on Cas’s fingertips, if he only could reach out and touch him. Castiel wanted to touch him and hold him and apologize for everything. He was desperate for it and if he had to pay with his blood he would. He’d give him anything he could just so that Dean would not hate him. But it was a hopeless wish seeing as his vessel was useless.
Dean grabbed Cas’s chin, squeezing his mouth open to see all the goods pooled at his tongue. His eyes fluttered at the view, and that damn Cas just smiled at him and reached out his tongue to show off his treasure. Dean eyed at him, lust still in his mind, wanting to please him just a little bit more. He leaned in closer and spat out a slow dribble from his mouth of Castiel’s come onto the angels tongue. The angels eyes fluttered, his cheeks growing pinker and his eyebrow elevated, looking so embarassingly grateful and aroused,
Cas warned him though his dark voice suddenly turned uncertain. But Dean didn’t let himself be rushed, couldn’t be rushed through processing all of this that had just happened.
“State your business Crowley.” Sam interrupted with a frown. Castiel was grateful for it as he found it difficult to act rationally. Sometimes he forgot that he didn’t have his grace anymore, because sometimes he just wanted to smite with a flash from the skies - it was pure habit.
Crowley now being his self-proclaimed boss resided in room 666, a mockery no doubt towards the caged Lucifer. Dean himself wanted his room to be on the bottom floor, old habit dies hard. Being at ground level meant more escaping routes in case of an enemy ambush. Dean snorted, thinking of how that logic was ironic now…
of course, Dean. A gift from me to you, a mutual benefit for both of us. Whatever wicked intention behind those pretty little lashy eyes of yours, thirst of blood and vengeance etcetera, needs to be fed and I’m here to provide.” Crowley explained with satisfaction as if he had done one of his greatest investments in history, and elegantly handed over the scrolled paper to Dean. “I’ve cut it short for you so you don’t have to… Think too hard, don’t worry.”
“I told you I’d deal with in my way.” Dean growled back.
“How bad is it?” Sam asked, but it already seemed that he knew the answer wouldn't be what he hoped for.
“Where is he?” Castiel asked. The deep and gritty voice made it sound more like a demand than a question. He wanted answers, but he knew that Crowley would take his time to torment him. The thought of losing precious time made his nails dig deeply into his palms, and rain ran down besides the sharp whites of his knuckles as if they acted a waterfall.
He heard Castiel blurt out in frightful confusion as he propped himself up on his hands, suddenly wide awake. Dean took a deep and shaky breath, satiating his oxygen derived muscles as the weight was lifted from him. “Dean… This is
than a finger.
“Okay, you leave me no choice…” The Winchester said and initiated the task of lockpicking the motel room, and before Castiel could even respond to that the mechanism made a clicking sound. It was no surprise to Cas, Sam and Dean was very skilled in these things. Still, he had wished to at least be standing upright when Sam opened the door to lessen his shameful demeanor.
He blinked, mind processing what Cas just now had told him, but all his thoughts just collided and turned into a blue screen of his brain. He was shocked. No words except one single sentence popped up with a flash as Castiel eventually raised his fingers to nudge his forehead again. Done talking.
. Always new things would be adding up after another one had been solved, all while the only thing he wanted in life was some damn peace and quiet. The saying ‘no rest for the wicked’ had become his reality now, seeing as he’d never be allowed to dance his way to the grave being immortal, and sure enough he had loosened a few screws in his head after all these years.
and literary exploding himself to kill of the army of angels, he and Sam would’ve been dead quicker than Dean was able to chug a beer. After that Metatron soon plunged at Sam, which was when Dean stepped in the middle to save his brother. Castiel who was inside the library must’ve managed to break the tablet about the same time that Metatron had plunged a blade into his chest.
“Fuck off, Cas.” Dean spat into his phone before throwing it into pieces against the wall.
And for a moment he thought that he’d die right there and now.
Dean proceeded with his shower, turned the water off and stepped outside only now realizing the steam inside the bathroom. Opening the door was like a tsunami of cold and refreshing air hitting him as the warm mist escaped. Dean tied the towel against his waist, water still dripping from his hair down on to the floor as he walked out. A knocking was heard at the door shortly after and he opened it with an empty mind still floating from his shower revelation.
“Fine! but you don’t get to watch!” Dean snapped in determination. This was the moment he would prove to himself that it was all just some odd fantasy and nothing else. Charlie lit up; it was a compromise she was willing to agree to. Dean was now standing, motioning to Castiel to get up as well with his hand waving quickly in the air. He didn’t look at Castiel directly, but at the wall behind him.
“Tell us where Dean is and don’t come any closer.”
Damn, Charlie counted too slow. Was she doing this on purpose? Cas’s breath on his skin made him feel queasy and weak to his legs. Did he dare to look him in the eyes, or would that make him feel even more weird?
God be damned if Dean had known what the demonic stamina could manage to do within one hour. He might’ve wanted to become a demon years ago.
With an exhausted grunt he got up as if sleep had rendered himself more tired than when he was going to bed, dragging the duvet down on the floor with his feet. He didn’t bother to pick it up, might as well air out the sweat-fest in the bed… and it wasn’t his job now was it? Room service was there for a reason.
I also kind of regret deciding on naming chapters after oldschool rock/metal songs :(...
Obligatory as always in the everyday life of Sam and Dean, there was also beer bottles propped beside him on the table. Two empty, one that he still hadn’t finished beside his laptop, and one unopened if he would find himself want another one.
Looking at him made him feel horrible, seeing those lips. The fold of his hooded lids, the gorgeous blue of his dreamy eyes, the dark locks of his hairs that had felt so soft between his fingers… and his soft hand reaching out to press two fingers at Dean’s forehead in this moment.
Dean looked around himself in search for any paper, seeing as the angel wouldn’t wipe off the shit himself. Groaning when he didn’t find any, and instead used the already ruined sheets to get Castiel’s finger as clean as he could get them.
” Dean warned before sipping on his beer to freshen up his palate.
He was so drawn to the man in fact that he couldn’t stay away from him. As Dean would sleep he’d watch over him and do his best to shield him from his nightmares, he’d watch the joy on his face as he’d loudly gorge on pie, and he’d feel the loyalty Dean had for his brother and those around him.
Castiel moaned with a mouth full against his skin.
W-w-whoaah-!” Dean gasped, feeling
it was still better than before since he was finally still.
“It won’t go down.” Castiel sighed after a while. “I’ve committed the task of heathenism three times and it won’t go down.” He further explained. Dean felt the hotness of his ears strike back, eyes fluttering at the profound honesty coming from the angel.
“What? What is it now?” He kind of snapped, wanting this to be over with.
- that it came from all the corners of the wood, and it circled in closer around him.
The emotion spike in Castiel’s voice felt like sweet ecstasy in Dean’s ear. Blackening his gaze and eyes, he saw it in on the mirror wall; how hungry he was and how good it felt. It tingled in his gut, and he could feel his damn dick pressing up against his pants despite humping that lady barely an hour ago. Something snapped in his mind like an off switch to his human panic, fully succumbing the greed, need, want, desire and every other synonym that would apply.
. The relaxation might as well be from of the habitual statisfaction of holding a bottle, either way it felt better so it didn't matter. His eyes stared up at the roof, alternating between observing the cracks of the paint or the still ceiling fan. Cars would occasionally be heard driving past his window. The tiny fridge humming. Dean's teeth at the bottle clinking.
For some reason he found himself pacing through the paths of a cemetery, and he couldn’t recall how he got there. The only thing he knew was that he wasn’t frightful or even confused. It felt peaceful to be there and natural in a way. Castiel always thought of cemeteries as they were, a final place of rest, and he allowed himself the relaxation of breathing fresh air which lacked the static noises of busy souls.
Sam held his ground, still aiming, finger ready on the trigger.
Dean didn’t want to look. Instead, he found himself staring at Castiel’s hand that he held. And he was kind of happy he did because the view actually made his nose crinkle. Feeling an emotion that wasn’t
“Do not taunt me any further, Crowley. He is of no use to you without the blade. Tell me where he is!” The angel growled with eyes glaring, and hands tightening around the coat at every second passing of Crowley’s giggles and metaphors. It fueled deep roaring breaths tense and tucked in Castiel’s chest. His celestial wrath was boiling beneath the surface, the need to smite close to exploding. The parody played of his friendship with Dean was an uttermost ridicule to such a delicate thing. It was the greatest treasure he owned and the most cherished strength he had left after so much loss, so much wrongdoing. It was not a parody or a target of caricature.
And he groaned, and moaned, and thrust and shivered as if he hadn’t touched himself for 10 years.
, as if he was some damn property. A pet angel.
“Hey, Cas! Wake up, man!” Dean wheezed at the celestial’s full weight on top of his chest, thankful for a second that he didn’t actually weigh as much as the Chrysler building,
. Still, he abided by Sam’s gesture reluctantly. He waited with his body tense, ear ready for a command that would allow himself the pleasure of blasting Crowley like a puff-ball, and have his body explode into blackened spores.
. They were nothing but empty words… although words that left him agitated and feeling like a lunatic.
The chap is a lill' dark I guess, demon, curse, human emotion kind of a mess.
Castiel stopped walking as his fingers traced over Dean’s door frame. It was open and the room seemingly untouched except the fact that Sam had forgotten to close the drawer where he had taken the clothes that Castiel wore at this moment. He hesitated, but entered the room, figuring that he might as well close the drawer.
Sam’s optimism made Castiel feel a little better, but he still had his dream haunting him. Even if Dean would come back, he would still be cursed, and if they wouldn’t find a cure there was no doubt he’d again find himself a knight of hell. It wasn’t realistic in the long run. Purging him with blood might take away the demonic forces inside him, but the curse- that was another entity.
"Oooooh, Dean. Truth or dare?" Charlie said smirking.
He got up from his bed. Got dressed and went to the fridge to meet with his other mistress, alcohol. Always welcome to him and always there when he needed her. His fingers traced over the glassy coldness of the beer. He hesitated, eying down the bottle of Johnny Labinski's Kentucky Whiskey on the drawer beside the door. He had bought it the other day when he had felt sentimental, the human in him peeking through as soon as he caught a glimpse of it. It was a beverage he’d drink with Bobby. Buying it felt symbolic, as if he’d be beside his father figure when consuming it.
“I was desperate, I couldn’t let you die knowing there was a chance I could save you.”
he woke up.” He further explained and felt Sam’s grip loosen on his shoulders. Sam looked relieved and smiled as if he couldn’t quite comprehend what Castiel said.
.oOo.
you want if you’ll be my side bitch in hell. This is the Era of Dean Winchester doing the fuck he wants!” Crowley went on enthusiastically and the fire in the demon’s voice did tickle Dean’s mind, even enough to forget about Cain for a second.
No, he wasn’t going to talk to him about what was going on inside his head.
It was unfair.
“Ohfuckdamn…” Dean wanted to close his eyes as he let his whole-body weight sink down on Castiel, but he couldn’t tear his face away from him. He loved seeing him chip for air below him as Dean got down deeper and deeper. Watching Cas’s eyes roll back before shutting them close and exhaling a long groan along with Dean.
“Dean? What is going on? Are you okay?” The angels voice so worried that Dean couldn’t help but to grin as he let the waves of pleassure hit him. Yes, he was
. “You were um… Sayin’ something about a Cherub?”
finger wave. As much as he liked Castiel’s troubled melody he didn’t want to hear any nagging of ‘Please, Dean come home. It’s not too late’, because that would be so fucking boring that it would kill his fun boner. “I don’t wanna hear none of that shit. Just answer the question. What are you doing?”
Dean gulped, alone again In his hotel room. Feeling as if the walls were expanding around him, increasing the distance of himself and the outer world. A sensation afloat in his soul that was anything but estranged when his nightly occupations would leave him to himself, moping around in his own evasive pity. Like a bug buzzing in his ear on warm summer nights after leaving the window open for too long. The bug small to see in the dark, too hard to kill, persistent to come back buzzing despite waving it away.
Dean shut his eyes, feeling his release unload into him. His whole body throbbed as the heat-wave amplified with each thrust he mindlessly rammed at him. Biting down on curve of Castiel’s neck, skin tan and undefinable yearning. As if designed just for Dean to have his nose nuzzled into, to breathe in and fulfill his human desires amplified with demonic drunkenness, just like Cain said. Only it didn’t smell like Castiel at all.
“Can I… Can I tell you something before I do this for you?” He asked, a new type of remorse bubbling up his vocal cords that had Dean shudder.
skin. Yes, he should flay them because of that shouldn’t he? He would do the world a favor ridding it from scum that walked on the earth. He’d cut them, slow and with finesse until their bodies ran empty and limp like the worthless pieces of shit they were. And he’d do it until he had efficiently deleted every single genetic trait of fucktards so that they would no longer multiply.
He slurped at his groin. “…
“I’m not dirty. I have since showered, and I just told you about my current activity. Dean what is the purp-“ Impatient now.
Castiel suddenly relaxed and snuggly purred against his earlobe in a dazed bliss. It stirred up more forbidden emotions. And it was still just nonsense coming out of Cas’s mouth, but the way he purred and mouthed at his earlobe was insanely hypnotizing. Dean hadn’t even noticed Cas’s hand running down on him above the bed-sheet, sneaking it’s way underneath to his stomach.
The revelation made Dean’s cock tingle and twitch in his hand. He wanted to see it, Castiel wearing his clothes. So casual and informal –
“Indeed, you did. But congratulations on the victory against Metatron! Your death was not in vain.” Crowley said, clapping his hands together in a cheery voice with a hint of sadism plastered on his face, clearly enjoying Dean’s confusion more than he should.
It would’ve been solvable, all he needed was human blood in him. That had been the plan; to take Dean home when he would’ve woken up and explain everything to Sam. But that wasn’t a possibility now seeing as Dean was in the company of Crowley. Dean who had put up wards against him, just as Crowley had told him. He hadn’t gotten a single prayer to hear if he was alright. Which could only mean that Dean despised him, and for the same reason Sam probably despised him too, just as Crowley indicated.
A tear trickled down his own cheek, chest tense and chipping for air, every breath hurting but feeling easier each time. He felt sleepy, like he could fall into the sweetest of slumber.
“Mhh… So… We gotta find boss cherub and, you just apologize? That sounds ridiculously easy…” Dean said in between passionate kisses, naked on top of Castiel with their chest slick together, hot and sticky with more than one type of body fluid.
“Sure, you don’t feel like talk about it? It can help sometimes, y’know.” Sam said careful, as if Cas were some frightened doe on an open field ready to run.
-!” Dean whimpered and clenched both of his fists on the sheet and his ass around the
Castiel goes back to see if the curse worked, but finds that he arrived a little too late... and it renders him a very sad angel
(See the end of the chapter for
Plus summer break soon being over ): Back to UNI in two friggen weeks, plz save me and make me a trophy wife.
In taking that away from him, he had robbed him of his chance to reunite with his mother, father, Bobby, and all other friends and family that the Winchesters had lost. All because of the fact that he himself had been selfish. So selfish that the hope he had before to be forgiven by Dean was diminishing into a small crust ready to fall off the skin.
Dean reassured himself.
ok- I made this 4 chaps and not 3- I'll upload them both RAIT NOW.
“Welcome back Squirrel.” Dean heard from behind him, a voice which seemed oddly pleased. Yet again startled by a sudden voice - he spun around and found a man standing there. He stared at him perplexed- until he remembered him as well. The self-proclaimed king of hell, Crowley. Dressed in his usual black coat and smiling at him, the familiar smugness radiated from his gaze.
Dean’s eyes widened at that. The kiss tasted off…the saliva was thick and… Well, the damn angel must have been saving his freaking jizz inside his mouth this whole time. Because what else could it fucking be? Dean shut his eyes, hard, while Cas swirled their tongues together along with their freaking saliva and his own ejac.
Dean said, looking back.
take a shower. You still remember from when Dean taught you right?” Sam said in a careful manner as if not wanting to hurt Castiel. But he was simply stating another obvious fact. Castiel knew that he was in dire need of a thorough cleansing.
Castiel got back up on his feet, trying to prove himself bigger than the nothing Crowley made him feel. He couldn’t let him get to him. It’s what he does, being a demon. Still, it tucked at his heart because it was a thought that pained him, the fear of being rejected by the Winchesters; and most importantly Dean.
Castiel took a deep breath, trying to sooth himself and shake off the images.
“What? Can’t a guy just want to, I dunno,
“That’s nothing compared to- ugh…” Sam was cut off by something bubbling and gurgling up deep down from his throat.
“No, his wellbeing is more important than locating my grace.” Castiel said as in a quiet fashion. Eyes suddenly feeling tired all of a sudden. The weakness of his human vessel was growing stronger every day, and he had wasted a week feeling sorry for himself in his solitude.
“Whaddya mean you can’t?”
the size of a finger rubbing dangerously close at his bottom. He hadn’t noticed Castiel shifting or changed any position of himself, so it couldn’t he him... Because Castiel’s hands was still caressing his body, and his dick was standing in the air above Dean’s - and it was also
Dean grabbed Cas’s hand around the wrist with a smack before they touched,
But he shouldn’t, goddammit he wanted to but he shouldn’t.
Suddenly it absolutely reeked of it, a tiny bit of hope soon to burn out into a deep and boiling fury. As he came back from his spin, he saw Crowley standing there with a wide smirk and eyebrows raised. Almost mocking him. Castiel stopped at once and felt his shoulders tense up, just like his arms, legs, and neck- except he didn’t notice those. Somehow he wasn’t surprised at all to see him there. He had been in close proximity around Dean ever since he got the mark of Cain.
So good he humped a final thrust in his fist, firing the canon and angling his dick upwards to let the come rain down on him. Pretending it was Cas’s semen spurting on his stomach and dribbling down on his trimmed pubic bone… and he moaned and groaned the angels name, wheezing out a
So, he found the red fabric sickening at first, but just as every other emotional dip and tip in his demon-life, he now found himself somewhere in the middle again. He wasn’t as bothered as he had been before when he snapped out of his killing spree, but he wasn’t being bat shit crazy either. It always surprised him whenever it happened, but it was actually something he loved about being a demon. Everything was suddenly okay, whereas human-Dean would torture himself mentally. His self sabotage frenzy before would usually end with Sam either finding him passed out on the bed with a hangover to show it… or beaten into a pulp from deliberately aggravating some drunk dude. Back then he'd chase being a punching bag because he wanted the pain, and he also wanted Sam to be dissapointed in him.
“Yes, a soul for a peaceful mind.”
He could have anything he wanted, just like that. He’d be stronger than anything currently on this planet, and the fact that he might be able to live a life without feeling guilt or loneliness... Well, that would be something.
What I've learned is that I will never ever upload a WIP again, but hey- I'm such a noob that this is the first thing I've written. I am but a naive soul that just want everything done, so I can write the damn ending that I have been obsessing over since May when I wrote the first chapter.
Dean had been angry ever since his call with Castiel, and also very freaked out. The urge that he had felt as he heard the angel’s voice was
’ turning into multiple fiery
But Cas was purring as if being inside a whole other dimension, pressing his body so tight against Dean’s and rubbing his cock up against his naval in sticky motions. And Cas was moaning so happy and horny,
But just as he was to report that to Sam he thought of the other things Dean had told him. That he doesn’t get to feel sorry for resurrecting him. He had cursed at him for saving him and he could almost feel how much Dean struggled. All of Dean’s anger aimed at him. “I fear my suspicions of his despise towards me have been confirmed. He…” He said in a sorry voice which had Sam turn his eyes away from his bottle and look at him. “He told me to ‘fuck off’ amongst other profanities.”
“… Dean, I can’t.”  Cas said. His voice seemed a little off, despite it still being flat. Is there even a word for a monotone voice with hints of emotion? Dean put his hands towards the door and pressed his ear against it to listen.
and he didn’t even fully understand why he wanted it. It should be the other way around, as in him fucking Castiel, and it baffled him that he didn’t want that
Was all the words that came up to his mind when he summarized the events of yesterday.
That caught Castiel’s attention from the book. Puzzled, he eyed both at Sam and the note.
“Do it.” Dean said. “Quit staring for fucks sake and just do it.” He couldn’t be the only one being sick of the sexual tension between them. Or the only one to notice it for that matter.
“...before little Moose burned you up into a pile of ash,” The demon continued as he turned around.
He did feel that he had grown closer to Sam, and perhaps it could be nice to acquaint himself with Sam without his mind constantly stuck on Dean when he was around. But somehow he was certain that the bond would never quite be like the one he felt with his older brother. He had touched Sam’s soul many times before, and it never filled him with the same sense of emotion as it did with the Dean.
“You should explore some more than Dean’s old rock classics, there’s a lot of different music out there.”
Castiel whined breathlessly in heat and it stole a deep and throaty moan from Dean. He could feel the weight of the bed being shifted, Castiel scooting closer at him again. And he swear, the angel was so feverishly hot that he could sense the Kelvin on his skin without even being touched by him. “
“You don’t like it?”
Cas eyed up at him, and the son of a bitch was grinning. A few hours ago, the dude had just been crying his lungs out while experiencing his first orgasm, and now he’s looking bloody cocky. Dean was in awe. “Christianity also preach generosity.” Slurp, slurp, smack “…
The Winchester stopped mid-action and smiled at him.
Threw in a lill artwork at the bottom :')))...
“Oh and I’ll get you some of Dean’s clothing so we can get yours washed.  His size is closer to yours, and well he’s not there so, can’t really refuse…” Sam continued, at first feeling a little hesitant.
" Castiel said, as if nothing. How could he act so calm? Was Dean the only one who saw how crazy this was? Obviously Charlie could see it too because she nodded in agreement with Cas, a little too enthusiastic.
But still he couldn’t bring himself to confront Sam -
Castiel sighed with a shake of his head, as if Dean’s question was stupidly obvious, which was
But despite telling himself that they ‘
Was he even cold anymore? Despite his bare body being exposed to the dampness of the air and lack of sun, the goosebumps on his skin felt corrupt as if they had changed origin. He felt greed. An insatiable hunger roaring deeply from his gut along with the nausea, and the thought of feeding it tickled his nervous system as if he were bathing in a fizzy drink.
in a few hours.
entering him. Startled, he rocked his body upwards with a weak yelp to get away from it, but found a force keeping his shoulders down firmly on the bed. He would’ve freaked out if it weren’t for Castiel being so calm… and focused.
“Dean…” Castiel whispered in a growl, trembling, thrusting and his voice… grateful?
The final blood bubble burst and Dean intensely watched the lungs again. Even as the door creaked open. He didn’t bother to turn himself around to greet the visitor. There was only one creature in this world who knew where he was at, and that was Crowley. Judging from the lack of screaming it was obvious that it was him, infringing inside this space. It annoyed him and in a way he even felt naked, as if Crowley were walking in on something too intimate to be shared. As if the Demon would be sitting beside him inside the shrink’s office, observing his brain being picked at in all different directions to make sense of his feelings. Disgustingly vulnerable.
Castiel had faintly gasped as Dean spoke and the mojo vanquished like a snap of the fingers. He was stuck staring at Dean as if he was the dearest thing on earth, but also like a snack ready to be eaten. Perhaps hearing it was different from a prayer. Dean wouldn’t know and at this point he didn’t care to know, he just wanted him now.
“Dean.” Castiel demanded and pressed his fingers up against Dean’s chin. No more persuasion was needed. Dean spat it out on Castiel’s fingers and got up on the bed like an obedient dog. He couldn’t help but to feel ashamed over liking the dominance so much, he was behaving like some damn sex slave.
, but it hurt in the most fantastic way Dean had ever experienced. It was just as he had imagined it to be if not even better. The strength of his embrace mashed up with the rough thrusts- it made him feel complete, out of control at this seraph’s verdict.
Actually, thinking to himself that Castiel was
“I-I’ve never…” Cas stuttered.
“Fuck this. You suck Crowley, I’m out.” Dean said and pushed the table out of his way, hoping that it would tip over Crowley’s silly umbrella drink, and he snorted as it didn’t. He could hear the king of hell call after him as he left, but he wasn’t having it anymore. It was unacceptable to actually be so put off that he now wasted a perfectly good sandwich. It was blasphemy to leave a delicious snack left uneaten according to the Dean Winchester bible. He didn’t even get to finish his damn beer.
I just felt like separating them.
“I- Dean, please.”
“Fuuuuck-! Cas, what the hell issss….” His cock kept twitching again and again, muscles retracting and not stopping, a mind-blowing sensation striking at his insides which seemed to never end. “gooooing ooonnnn!!!?” And he kept spurting over, and over again into his boxers, experiencing the longest and most fucked up orgasm he’s ever had. Overwhelming enough to have tears forming behind his eyelids… and basically crying his brains out in a horny delirium in between wondering what the hell just happened.
“Haha, well perhaps I can teach you when we get back, or Dean can when we get him back- he’d probably love getting you out on the open road.” Sam laughed as he began recalling the first few times John had made Dean drive a car. Dean had been so young he still struggled with knowing left from right.
Dean couldn’t tear his eyes away from him, despite it being awkward as fuck. Cas was rubbing his sticky fingers together. So puzzled and embarrassed as he examined the hand that was absolutely soiled with Dean’s semen.
“Uh, yeah. No worries, looking good Cas. Nice to see you back.” Sam said as he peaked up from his computer, blessing Cas with a tiny smile of approval. Castiel missed it though, he had instead picked up the biblical book of Genesis in his hands and skimmed through the pages with a frown, suddenly sucked in by its content that were so entirely wrong and skewed. He didn’t even notice Sam snorting at the sight of him being so upset, nor the sudden change of his facial expression as Sam remembered something.
The former disbelief changed. Instead it manifested itself into a deep desire and longing which spread through his whole body. The flannel, the ashy blond, the build of his figure - It could only be Dean.
“This is- I- Why the hell am I freaking out and then not freaking out? And why am I- no, no, no...” Dean interrupted himself before revealing anything he didn’t want to word out loud, such as how he all of a sudden couldn’t stop thinking about Castiel for some damn reason.
like a ticking bomb, the black gradually growing larger on his iris. “…
It hadn’t helped either to hear Castiel being so sorry. So selfishly sorry. ‘
Dean felt himself being nudged by Cas, his friend, an angel, into the abyss of unwelcome pleasure, but so good that he almost forgot all about it as his cock twitched and exploded into his boxer, so dirty feeling, without even being touched hands on,
Dean kept stroking saliva all over the plush skin as if it were lip gloss, feeling the urge to…
Fuck- you gotta get off me dude!” He squeezed out as he pressed his head back against his pillow and pushing down on Castiel’s shoulders, trying to nudge him away but the angel felt like heavy cement against Dean’s trembling arms. If anything, moving him only edged him further down into the pit of no freaking return. Dangerous friction rubbing down on him.
The whole room seemed to be set on pause for a second. Cas stared at his fingers, then he stared at Dean. He seemed tense, like he wanted to-
." Charlie glared at him.
Despite the feeling of suffocation this rendered a sort of calmness in his mind, and the eons of angelic battle-training appeared through flashes of wit. He mustered up the force to turn his head towards Crowley chest, opening his airways as the grip around his throat loosened. He threw a mighty punch into the demons’ testicles, causing him to curse the air of his lungs out.
It was a mess, but it didn’t bother Cas. He still hadn’t quite gotten used to the concept of cleaning. -
