He had always been lean, but his ribs were poking rather poignantly from his skin nowadays. No as bad as those times when cocaine was his best friend, but not as far off either. He was full of purple and sickly yellow bruises, coloring the map of old scars on his body. He had always healed well, sure, but the scars were still there, thin white lines counting the story of his unorthodox life.
"Fine." Sherlock muttered, frustrated. He despised not being able to do stuff by himself, and having to take a “sponge bath” was beyond humiliating. He yanked his pants out trying not to think about the fact that this was the first time John was seeing him fully naked and he looked like something chewed and spit over. "Might as well save hot water and you shower with me."
"It’s ok, you’re tired, we can do this tomorrow." Sherlock said, before he could properly think about what he wanted to say.
His throat wanted to keep working though, and Sherlock wasn’t sure why he didn’t seem able to stop the little noises, deep and needy, from spurting out of his lips. He focused on John’s hand on his hip, tried to... He had barely felt it before but John was holding him with a lot of force, enough to let bruises. John was wearing jeans, and Sherlock could feel the seams through his bathrobe, on his arse. He could feel what was beyond the seams. He could feel when John’s indifference begun to falter, when his cock twitched and when John tried to find a way to keep stroking him while trying to keep his own hips from pressing so hard against Sherlock’s bottom.
He only realized the small found smile playing on John’s lips when both of his hands were cupping his face, and Sherlock smiled back almost in the same way.
- Damn casts! - he muttered, and John laugh over his nipple, tongue out in the middle of lapping at one, and it tingle. Sherlock had never felt
"Yeah." Was all he managed, and it kinda ended on a moan so Sherlock decided he should not say anything else.
“…right. Well, I’ll…” John’s eyes went over his naked chest, and Sherlock tried to concentrate on the pain. “Do you need anything? Or should I wait in the hall?”
"But you w-want to…" Sherlock risked looking back, and John was so disvailish, and wet, and breathless.
"I don't need a shag and I don't need a fucking doll!" Sherlock yelled to mirror John. "I just need my bloody hands back!"
John turned him over and begun to clean the blood around the wound with wet fingers. They didn’t talk for a while, not when John took the loofah and begun to wash his back, not when he picked little pieces of concrete out of Sherlock’s hair. Sherlock, busy trying to not think the words
"You’re sure you don’t?" Sherlock asked, with a the tone of voice to match a courage he wasn’t feeling.
"Everything was nice back then." John commented, and he did one of those flick of a wrist movements that send a shiver all through Sherlock’s spine. "Is a towel nice?"
And that he was alive to come crashing back on earth to realize he was glued to a trembling John, like a wet sticky octopus, panting in little whines. He forced his arms and legs to relax, untangle and turn his vice grip into a soft hold.
John finished wiping his hands and pushed the box in the general direction of Sherlock, still not looking. Sherlock cataloged what he was seeing.
"John…" Sherlock muttered against his neck. It wasn’t something he had meant to say, but the name just scape him, like a prayer of sorts, and Sherlock wanted to touch him
Sherlock closed the door. This time out thing was such a fragile spiderweb of an idea, it felt close to collapsing under any sort of stare, any different tone of voice. Yet underneath it all there was the old, slightly exasperated John…
Gosh he was close already. The towel that had begun cold was burning hot against his sensitive skin, and John must had felt his body changing because his strokes became faster. The force of them made Sherlock bounce a little back and forth, and even though he was concentrating so hard in biting his lips shut, he could feel John’s cock still, fuller on those jeans, not entirely erect yet but if he could just hang on for a bit longer…
"Easy, Sherlock… I don’t want to hurt you."  John’s voice was trembling, even above the noise of the water.
"S-she will try to make them snog with her in the middle. Boyfriend on the back, Blond on the front. Girl is v-very confident...ohn…"
"Thank you." Sherlock said, because really, what he could say? John wave dismissively before glancing at him sheepishly
On the fifth day Sherlock woke up on his own bed achingly hard, from a dream involving a merman John and some aphrodisiac postal stamps in the shape of anatomically incorrect hearts. He turned over, still half asleep, and rut against the mattress.
"The...noises. You’re not… first time you’re much more vocal." Sherlock felt that even in this mortifying situation, there was always something that could get worse. He didn’t even remember the first time except for the hot burning pleasure and the vague obscenity of his own expressions in the mirror. It had lasted so little time! And now his face, already a rosy pink, went hot red all over.
it was gnawing at him, to not be able to flex his fingers on that bloody loose jumper, pull it up, out of the way... to not be able to run his palms on John’s torso, feel the little hairs there, with their delicious texture. The whole rest of his body was trying to compensate for that, kissing John’s neck, his ear, running a leg along John’s then using his knees to bring him closer, even closer.
"If I'm a mystery, you're the bloody Stonehange." Then, finally stretching out of his position, John got up and went to poke at Mrs. Hudson package. "Hum, dumplings! I'll get your sharp chopsticks."
John catch up with him by the door, a sudden body hugging him from behind and coldish hands hitching up his pajama shirt up and out of the way. Sherlock moaned before he could stop himself. John was so close, so much closer than before, his mouth hoovering over Sherlock’s neck, whole body pushing him, gluing them together. John was shorter than Sherlock, but he felt broader, more solid.
- I know how amazing I look. - Sherlock interrupted, with a touch of humor, mostly without air. - Let me see how amazing you look, John…
Then John was grabbing the casts, pinning them above Sherlock’s head with just one hand because John was strong and precise and… John-ish!
"Right, the g-girl is...ah… I think her intentions are quite clear now…" In the video, the woman had positioned herself between the men and was trapping their cocks together between her tights. John looked at the video and back at Sherlock.
the throbbing of blood on his tongue, and the way John shiver even under the hot shower. And Sherlock hummed, because this was contentment.
- I don’t care. - Sherlock uses the position to push John’s pajama pant’s down, as best as he can (at least out of the way of his cock, who is even nicer than Sherlock remembers), planting his own feet on the mattress with legs as open as possible. John drops the lube, then fumbles with his pants until they are out of his person before getting the bottle back.
must had been somewhat subconscious code-words implanted on his brain before because as soon as Sherlock heard it, he just couldn’t stop himself. His arms, supporting his weight on the bed, begun to shake and a bunch of “ahs” begun to drip out of his mouth incessantly, like little droplets of honey. His eyes closed, and Sherlock forgot all about the video once again. John was so close, John was so hard himself, echoing Sherlock’s sounds in a more breathless, controlled way. John
There was a pause, a long one, while John averted his eyes back to the video. Sherlock chewed on his lower lip before deciding to continue.
Sherlock was referring to the case, but he saw John’s eyes travel from his casts to his neck again, as they had done several times those past five days. In the dream, merman John suck on his neck… Sherlock tried to adjust himself on the chair.
Maybe John would kiss him again. Sherlock would let him. Collect data, analyze their collective heartbeat, try to work this out.
"I’m...I’m sorry, I’ll come back later." Sherlock muttered after what felt like ages of doing a dumbstruck impression of a statue. He had made a harsh half turn and was already on the middle of the stairs when a thought occurred to him and Sherlock trotted back because he couldn’t,
Thing is, Sherlock has always been a rude motherfucker. He was often clueless about basic social norms or simply could not be bothered. But he usually had the Work or experiments or whatever he did to occupy his free time with, and would at least not go out of his way to make everyone's (John's) life as miserable as possible. But now, with his two wrists completely immobilized by the casts for what seems like would be at least a couple of months, he was intolerable. Yelling every word instead of talking, refusing to eat only to devour other people's (John's) food a moment later, breaking things he
John’s erection was quite obvious now. He seemed to be breathing deep, calming himself for some reason, and Sherlock didn’t want him calm. He wanted John fired up and touching him again.
"John!" Sherlock managed to yelp, before the soldier was kneeling between his legs and punching his face hard enough to make him see black for a second. That would leave an embarrassing mark on his cheek, Sherlock knew. Lucky him, he was a rather resourceful man when it came to fighting, and he didn't really wanted to be beaten to unconsciousness, so he managed to flat John on the bed (awkwardly, damn his hands!) and strand him on the mattress with his hands painfully pinned by large casts. It was a straining position to be when one was trying to keep one's hips away from one's angry colleague.
Sherlock has a brief moment where he thinks he might faint, then things warp back into an acute need, stronger than ever before, and he moans like a whore.
There was a box of tissues, but John didn’t reach for it. He took the hand on Sherlock’s ribs and covered the head of his cock with it, and pushed his strokes a bit harder, and Sherlock felt more then heard his own moan reverberating in his throat. And he knew he had buckled forward because John’s body got away from him for a second. For a long, white second, when all there was in Sherlock's mind was an awareness of his own body trembling, of John's hands on him.
"Let me guess. Postal stamps." The damn sleeves were a nightmare to slid on with the casts on the way.
By the time he had been thrown soup at for the second time, John pretty much had had enough (and some), and went full berserk to punch Sherlock's bonny face with all wild rage he could muster. Maybe if he broke his jaw too he could have a moment of peace! And the detective, admitting he was in slight disadvantage for not being able to use his hands, was smart enough to run. The chase all around the flat would have been rather comic if it wasn't for the fact that John's eyes screamed murder.
Sherlock wouldn’t let him, not this time. John wanted this, was so hard it must be hurting him by now… and as Sherlock drew back, water and saliva and precum stringing on his lips for a moment before being washed away, he look up. John was looking at him, glossy dark eyes, hands still firmly attached to his scalp, and as Sherlock swallow him again, he could actually
"That’s ‘cause she can’t speak english and only has half of her teeth." John said pressing the remote to change channels randomly. "Besides, you don’t want tho ask the prostitutes. If you wanted, you’ve done it already."
Sherlock's wrists had been broken for the past two weeks. John was not sure how much more he could take.
"You know, I just realized how much it must suck that you can’t get off when you want to." John said, almost like he was philosophizing on the matters of masturbation. He still wasn’t touching himself. Sherlock’s inner resolve was determined to change that.
Sherlock abandoned his pity-party immediately, got into the room while trying to slip on his old robe.
"Hum, yes." John murmured, his hand traveling all the way on Sherlock’s torso, down the elastic of his pants, rubbing over Sherlock’s underwear. He pushed Sherlock in the direction of the bed, and Sherlock crawled into the middle of it before turning to John again.
They had gotten home so late, last night…and Sherlock had run his thoughts to the point where his eyes hurt, viciously trying to understand himself. He had gone straight to bed, for once tired of all the thinking. John had looked at his back until it disappeared.
- I waited long enough for tectonic plaques to do a full little dance. - Sherlock retorted, and John laugh to himself before offering a helping hand, and soon both the nurse and John managed to extract the chunks of medical plastic that had been covering Sherlock’s hands for the past couple of months. He flex his fingers into fists and made a face.
John stopped, his back still and tense even under the soft jumper. Sherlock was almost sure he didn't know either, not really, but he just had to ask. It was rare for Sherlock to not understand people's motivations, but what John had done, there against the sink, so fast and efficient and angry... It was, well, tremendously out of character for John. Because John was very, veeery vanilla, and also mostly straight (totally straight, he would say, but that was more for the sake of his mother), and a bit of a womaziner, and not at all a fan of other blokes' cocks.
"I'm going to bloody end you!" John was yelling. Sherlock jump from the sofa's arm to the chair and then in a big jump was almost safe on his own room, but he was not quick enough to shut the door before John could storm on it and push Sherlock's body to his bed in the brutest, and manliest, of manners.
"It’s always like this?" He asked in a murmur, words hitting the back of Sherlock’s neck and causing goosebumps.
is you asking me to bugger you in the shower and me almost doing it!" ...yet sometimes John sounded just a frustrated. - I don’t know Sherlock, I don’t have a single bloody idea. Nothing is easy with you.
But as he said it, his hands were traveling south of Sherlock’s body. Soapy hands. Sherlock didn’t try to contain the shiver.
"What she’s thinking now?" John asked, raspy voice. Sherlock had, in the spam of ten seconds, completely forgotten about the video.
He made the whole speech with his eyes clued on the ceiling and arms lazily thrown over John’s body, but it didn’t meant his heart wasn’t pounding his chest almost as much as John had. A distant thunder rolled and fleshes of white light filtered through the window and Sherlock look at them, those undeductible things of nature, and hoped he hasn’t about to ruin his entire life.
The second time John hit his prostate Sherlock kept the noise to a whimper, but he buckled back and almost lost his balance.
Third time was almost funny, because Sherlock was barely thinking about it. They had just finished a case (boring, but he was incapacitated so he took what he could get), his body being not exactly sated but not crazily craving it either since it had been only two days. Then he had emerged from the shower and found John in his bedroom with the same bottle of oil that had been so far only associated with healing minor cuts, and the same box of tissues on hand, sitting at his bed. Stiff upper lip and all.
"No!" And Sherlock was back, right back in John’s personal space, then out again, scared brainless… which was a very new feeling, all of his intellect useless against the fear of… Sherlock wasn’t even sure fear of what. The
"Are socks nice?" It was what escape Sherlock’s mouth, in one breath, like he was asking for a secret.
"Never was one to let my mind go blanc, boredom would kill me." Unless it was because John was forcing all of his thoughts out of his head with the flicker of a wrist, that was.
John had composed himself better, sitting properly on the bed and killing the muffled sounds on his laptop, but track pants without underwear were simply not capable of hiding any sort of hard-on. Sherlock wasn’t looking at him but John’s voice sounded like of a man very flustered.
Sherlock's real cause for being such a prat lately spun awake almost instantly. Painfully so. Like it had been for the past two weeks at the smallest of the incentives, and Sherlock could do nothing about it because of his damn wrists! He had become so depended on that particular form of distraction when without cases that it had become an addiction, a fairly healthy one that is... considering. But now that he could not do it, Sherlock had realized he had let his
"Yes, that...yeah." John muttered, not sure where he set his eyes on. "You don’t need to hold back ya know."
And John did, almost out of spasms, hot salty cum hitting down Sherlock’s throat like honey. John pull away like he had been electrocuted, and the last of his orgasm trickling down Sherlock’s abused mouth with his sharp intake of breath. His eyes had fill with tiny tears at the effort, but Sherlock blinked them away fast to look at John and see what would happen next.
"Advantage...John! You’re not taking advantage of anything, at all, what so ever. You are quite literally keeping my sanity in check, because my stupid body got addicted on this… thing, and if your body decides to react, for whatever reasons, I completely understand that is not because you consciously want to
"It this.. is this fine?" He asked, as John usually matter of fact voice was very hushed, almost a whisper. A whisper right against his skin.
“Maybe we should give him to the police.” John slip into his bad cop persona, as if practiced. “I mean, a fancy man like that, on a common cell? It might be torture enough to get us an honest answer.”
John Hammish Watson, when given a task, was the sort of man that got things done. Pure business like, no time for frills. So the way he pushed Sherlock’s pants down to his tights was very matter-of-fact and the noise of the bottle cap opening and closing had no hesitation behind it. Sherlock was half hard by the time John had finished rubbing his hands together, and even though he was waiting, the way John’s hand circled around his cock (firm, precise, all at once) startled him enough that his body did a weird recoil-and-push movement. John’s body aligned with his back, and John didn’t pushed away (
Sherlock took a breath, and also the time to think about this. He didn’t know what he needed. Not anymore. He used to masturbate in the shower, or before bed, with the same attention one gives to brushing teeth or putting on pajamas. It would help his mind to unwind a bit, to signal the brain that it was time for a general clean up of useless data. He wasn't, despite his best efforts, naturally asexual, but the drug dealers that had demanded blowjobs and the one relationship he had had in college had convinced Sherlock that there was nothing more unnecessarily messy and complicated then sex. He dealt with his body's needs, but hadn’t been paying attention to his own orgasms for so long that have them strong enough to shake his insides now was... disconcerting. Not to mention it was John giving them to him.
In the end the case was closed with a disappointing lack of action, as it happened. The narwhal was found at the aquarium, and the baroness was smart enough to handle the entire operation of postal stamps once she saw there was no other way out. And John, always quick and attentive, was able to pistol-whip the curator before he could get to the old lady.
him?! And the kiss, why it set his nerves on fire more then all the other stuff? Oh, no. No, no, no. No!
"Because…" Sherlock stop, took a deep breath. Saying it out loud was never easy, but he had catch a couple of things about the art of empathy while living with John and one of them was that, sometimes, it was necessary to be a little… vulnerable. Very illogical, of course, but so was the whole shebang that was happening with them. " Because I’m afraid."
John look at him them, really look. It was obvious that the fear was not unilateral, John’s face was an open book sometimes, with a thousand emotions written all over it. Fear, yes, and confusion, and a little bit of anger and one that Sherlock wasn’t sure about, but seemed to be in the category of “I care about you a lot”. John did cared about him a lot, Sherlock was sure of it… because Sherlock himself cared about John a lot too, even if, sometimes, he wasn’t sure what that meant.
“Knowing me, you’ll probably have countless opportunities.” Sherlock smirked, and bent over to pick up the discarded crown off the floor. He turned around and placed it perfectly over the blonde hair. He took a step back to asses the look, John smiling but not meeting his eyes in confused awkwardness; but Sherlock frowned and wrinkled his nose at that: there was something wrong with the picture. The violet-haired boy took a step closer once more and reached out to skew the golden crown on his head, grinning a cheeky smile when he was finally satisfied with the more adventurous result.
“Hey, that isn’t a long time. Enough fun, we need to focus…” The girls stared at each other, and erupted into laughter. “Another beer?”
John looked at her in disbelief. “Other hobbies? More than owning a dance company, composing music, and dancing?”
“About twenty-two miles. Shouldn’t take long.” He extended his canteen to Sherlock. The brunette rolled his eyes and
The muscles of his stomach contracted, sucking all the breath from his lungs. He felt the bile rise in his throat and the imminent threat was there. His stomach clenched twice more before emptying its contents. His arms had sprawled out, covering the lid, and he slumped against the cold porcelain. His right cheek rested against the fabric of his blazer. Tears leaked from his eyes and he took time to steady his breath. No matter how many times he went through the withdrawal process, he could never acclimate to this feeling. He detested it. Eventually he stood on shaky legs, and John opened the door. He extended a cold paper towel, and Sherlock’s toiletries.
"May I have this dance?" Sherlock asked before turning to face him. "Since I couldn't take you up on your offer before." He extended an elegant hand and John placed his rough palm inside Sherlock's. Sherlock's other hand found its place on the small of John's back, warm against his flesh. Their chests aligned, Sherlock tall and lean and smooth and John stocky, strong, and masculine. John rested his forehead against Sherlock's collarbone, eyes facing outward at the bedroom. It was dark, and it looked cold outside his window. Sherlock was singing softly in his ear.
“Captain. It’s a pleasure to finally meet you.” John felt his ears go red. He knew he was a captain? Sherlock had talked about him. To other people.
Sherlock dipped his feet into the cold river water as the sun shone down on his back. He knew this would be the last day he would be able to savor in the upcoming weeks. He hummed and the muscles of his legs flinched as the icy water dipped over his toes. Autumn was here, and soon the water would be much too cool to touch.
“Like what? I’m not being anything different than what I ordinarily am.” He raised an eyebrow, one that hinted a good bit at irritation, waiting for the next comment to leave her lips. She said nothing.
He slipped under the covers and watched the rise and fall of John’s chest. He wrapped his arm around John’s middle, scooting a bit closer to him under the covers. Sherlock kissed John’s temple, the sleep-mussed hair above his forehead, his eyebrow, the shell of John’s ear. John stirred, curling his fingers around Sherlock’s arm. Slowly, his eyes blinked open, nearly opalescent from the lamplight pouring in the window. “Hi,” he whispered, his voice husky from sleep.
The detective was grinning, but even more magical than that perfect, blinding smile were the precious tears rolling down his blushed cheeks. John’s heart clenched at the sight: Sherlock shedding tears of happiness. It was a first, and he filed it away in a place where it would never be forgotten. “A bit redundant, don’t you think? The paper already covered that.” Sherlock's voice was broken, beautiful and thick with emotion.
John stared absently into his cup of black coffee. He was waiting for the humming of blood to leave his ears. PT was a bitch. His gray shirt was soaked with sweat and every ounce of energy he had previously possessed had been sucked dry where his hands met the ground. He detested push-ups.
She let a dry, humorless laugh fall from her mouth. Only one, not a string like usual. “Bad habits. Trying to figure out what to do with those as well.”
John yanked his wrist from Sherlock's grip. "Do you really want to know, Sherlock? I don't think you do. You have no idea what this feels like. " John's brows were knit together; the expression on his face was desperate and pained. "Please, god, I am begging you, leave. If you care about me at all, leave. Right fucking now."
“They are wounds, John, not living things. I can leave my arms bare and show my battle scars to everyone in camp, if that is what you wish.” His voice was bitter.
John stood between Harry and Sherlock. His feet had gone numb and his knees had begun to ache. His face was stoic and distant, his hands clasped tightly together, puffs of condensation were born from his breath meeting icy air. John’s lips formed a straight line, and his eyes spoke of his emotional exhaustion. Someone else was speaking, but he heard nothing.
"Wise decision." John nuzzled into Sherlock's neck, planting a small kiss on the right wing of his collarbone.
John rolled over at three in the morning to hear his mobile ringing. “Hrrrrhgg,” he growled in his zombie like state. He pushed a button to shut it up, and rolled back over.
John straightened a bit at that, a new emotion owning his features. Protective. Sherlock felt his heart spin loose in his chest.
“Shot in the dark. Good one, though.” Sherlock smirked as he sipped on his drink. “I was looking at your book selection.”
“Don’t lose your bravado now, Watson.” Sherlock grinned. “What is it? You need light, so it must be quite important.”
Kirsten shut the door behind her and Jane plopped down in the seat across from John. He laughed as he watched her booted feet appear in the seat next to his. She relaxed into the chair.
“Secondary art, grades nine through twelve.” Sherlock nodded swiftly, every motion he made an elegant formality. She could see how John may have felt a bit intimidated.
Molly’s chest was heaving as she paused by the bar to rest. Sherlock had left hours earlier, knowing Molly needed little assistance in perfecting the piece on her own. Her sweatshirt had turned nearly black from the sweat it was collecting from her lean frame, the wild hairs near her ears and the nape of her neck clinging to her damp skin. She went through a set of cooling down stretches, knowing she had already worked too hard for one night. She could feel the muscles of her calves screaming, pulled taut like a rolled up window shade. She sat cross legged on the floor and rested back on her elbows, waiting for her body to find its equilibrium before heading back to the flat. She let her head fall back, exposing sweat covered collarbones, her ponytail sweeping the stage floor.
John clenched his jaw. He was trying to seem as indifferent as possible and was failing miserably. So he decided to take the opportunity Sherlock provided as a scapegoat.
Irene stared at him, mouth slightly parted. “You composed, played and recorded all of this music in two days?”
“Thank you, sir.” With that, Watson stepped from his post and unbuckled the chin strap of his helmet, disgusted at the amount of dirt and sweat that had collected there. He made his way back inside the compound.
to be, but because she loved company. B was a great guy, there was no denying. But how long would she continue to see people without knowing what she wanted from them? What she deserved from them? Should she feel so flattered that someone would pour her a glass of wine and cook her dinner? Shouldn't anyone want to do that for her? She was kind. She was intelligent, gentle, encouraging, moderately attractive. A little high-strung sure, and she had entire conversations with herself, but that doesn't take anything away from her, or the fact that she deserved a good love. A big love. She shouldn't feel the need to grovel at their feet; Jane didn't need to say she was sorry, didn't need to make excuses for the quirky habits she had, didn't need to justify that she was worth keeping, didn't need to say thank you to someone for doing what any decent human being who gave a shit would do. It was time to stop settling and start exploring what it was she loved, who she wanted to be, and what she wanted in a partner. She knew she couldn’t fool herself any longer. It was time to become reacquainted with a woman she’d grown up hardly knowing: herself.
"She was the only one I wanted, of the three. I thought I had saved us. That we could finally be normal," John whispered. "I walked away with a broken wrist and a gash along my leg."
“Detective Inspector.” John extended his hand for a shake. The DI took it, and Watson could have sworn Lestrade gave him a small, knowing nod. Watson was certain he now had red cheeks to match his ears.
“Would you like me to attend the service with you?” It was a simple question, something several people might offer without actually intending to follow through. “Because you know I will.” Yes, she did know that.
“’Course I have. You’re one of my best friends.” Something warm melted in her gut. She could kiss them both. She could kiss everyone in this room.
[1] Do you want images of actors/actresses that I feel identify or look similar to my characters that are not of BBC origin?
The tights and hooded sweatshirt hit the solid gray rug on the floor and Sherlock eased into the steaming water. His tired arms stretched around the side of the tub, cup of chamomile in one hand, and he let his skull clunk against the cold, black tile of the wall. He sighed. Tomorrow he would do it all over again. A small smile took his mouth.
Sherlock stared and John cursed himself. Five drinks may have been too many for this early in the evening. The brunette’s lips parted, and then closed again. The air between them shifted and John could have sworn a magnetic field had developed, because hadn’t Sherlock just come closer?
and rubbed himself down, in awe of the pleading in Sherlock’s eyes. He focused on his breathing to prevent pushing into his own hand.
“I just… I mean, you don’t really date, and marriage is a very solid and ongoing idea, concept, whatever. A big commitment. Not saying you aren’t committed, I’m just saying you might get… bored. With me. Or whomever else.”
For some reason, John wasn’t surprised that the man had detected his presence. There was something… silent about him. He reeked of intelligence and ego. John chuckled.
“To Molly and Callum,” the room whispered in unison. And they tipped their drinks. John took his seat once again and Jane leaned into his ear, making a small request. He passed her the microphone and she stood next to him, fidgeting with the folds of her dress.
“When’s the next event?” Sherlock asked, his chest rumbling against John’s spine, thumb rubbing small circles against his shoulder blade. John’s skin broke out in gooseflesh at Sherlock’s small displays of affection amongst these hundreds of people.
“Hello, Prim. I’m here to pick up a take-away order.” The lady behind the counter smiled at him and disappeared into the kitchen. The door hinge bell jingled again, a blast of cold billowing in as the wind whistled through the closing door.
They kissed away the questions, hesitation, and curiosity, at least for the night. They would have the morning to discuss any and all events the evening had held.
The cabbie parked on Baker Street. Sherlock paid the fare and insisted on getting John’s luggage from the trunk.
Their chatter filled the showers, the boys yelling excitedly. They had finished the match with a victory, 35-7. John felt pride swell deep in his chest as he toweled off and walked back into the locker rooms. The boys hushed as he entered, grinning up at him like mad.
I love you, John, but I don’t think you have chewed all that through for yourself. So go ahead, use the desert as your excuse again. Climb back onto the fucking plane. Deny that this relationship we have created can actually exist. Walk away from the all the things normal people must endure, and leave others here to suffer on their own. Harriet, your father, me. The great, kind, generous, self-sacrificing John. 'Everyone is better off without me. I’m too ordinary and sensible to be worth anyone’s time.' More like too fucking thick to see what’s right in front of him.” Sherlock stepped down from the stage and headed to the door. Standing inside the frame, he turned to look at John, eyes broken and fierce. “You are so afraid. You are so afraid to love me. Christ, man the fuck up, Watson.”
Watson stood at the end of the bed and laced his hands under the bend of Sherlock’s knees, and with one good yank, the detective was nearly aligned with the edge of the mattress. The detective's trousers hit his ankles and John hit his knees. He kissed the insides of this gorgeous man's pale thighs. “I have a case to solve.” John murmured against the soft, unseen skin. He breathed in; musk, cinammon, and laundry detergent.
“Starved.” And with that, Sherlock pulled John’s chin down to his, enveloping those clever lips with his own.
“Yessir. Who’s this?” The question wasn’t ugly or assaulting; they were genuinely interested. John extended one hand, and as the larger of the two men grabbed it, the other grinned ear to ear.
“Mmmm, the medical team never works with me, so I’ve told Lestrade I’m bringing my own doctor.” The godly detective winked mischievously. John dropped his toothbrush in the sink.
John zoomed in a bit. Sherlock looked perfect: flushed and his hair slightly damp, his bright teeth even whiter from the flash of the camera, and John secretly loved the way he fit perfectly into the crook of Sherlock’s shoulder.
“I didn’t,” she replied honestly. She had far more on her mind than dinner at the orphanage. The line went quiet for a few minutes.
He glanced to Jane, standing next to him at the edge of the floor and she had her hand clapped over her mouth.
Sherlock ran a hand through his hair. He flicked on the light to the studio and dropped his bag by the door, along with the damp towel that clung to his neck. He was still in performance attire when he connected his iPod to the surround sound. He stood, frozen, for what seemed like ages, and then he began again. His right foot moved first, dominant side forward. He allowed the music to consume him, another case to solve, another equation to balance, another night to bring to equilibrium.
A few minutes passed as she leaned into his chest and he was pressed against the counter. He rubbed her shoulders and pushed her hair from her face. “Jane, may I ask you something?” He felt her pulse flitter at her neck. “Don’t fret, it’s nothing horrible.”
“Mmm,” was all John gave to acknowledge her statement. He was confused. Didn’t Sherlock compose the music? Why didn’t he conduct the orchestra?
The second was from dinner, and was a bit out of focus, likely due to Sherlock taking the photo in such close proximity. It was a side profile of John’s face, staring up into darkness. He looked so calm, mouth resting in a small, contemplative smile. Watson considered the stress of training, Surrey and his first year of internship and was astounded by how young and
“I mean, I was Callum’s first wife. But let’s be honest, Molly’s so much better.” The group chuckled. John could feel Jane’s eyes studying the side of his face and tried to dismiss it.
“Yes. Would you like to come in?” Sherlock chuckled at how quickly John’s eyebrow darted upward on his forehead.
be a little more uncomfortable. And I didn’t much feel like getting punched in the bollocks before practice even begins.”
John slumped against the door of his flat. He hadn’t expected to be so tired after a fairly uneventful day.
area.” And with that, he returned to his fretful typing. John closed his book and pulled his legs up into his red chair. Holmes had been right. It swallowed you right up, in the very best way.
John and Jane got up from the couch and headed back into the kitchen so Molly and Callum could hash out an obviously much needed conversation. Jane pulled herself up to sit on the counter. John put the clean dishes away. He leaned against the sink and looked up to Jane, who was still working on her orange soda.
Sherlock stared, eyes widening. John stood, fidgeting with the hem of his coat. Sherlock ran his eyes across John’s windswept hair, his eyes, a blue more intense than he had witnessed before, perhaps because his navy jumper was peeking out of his black leather jacket.
“All of it, really. This biogenetic shit is fucking with my head. I should have chosen a different science elective for my final semester. Microbial Genetics and Biotechnology? You’re right. I am an imbecile.”
John stared at the handwriting. Sherlock was the only person who wrote him regularly (post came at least once every two weeks). It helped him feel grounded and less lost as he spent his days wandering in the sand and dirt, with only sun to see for miles.
Sherlock’s body was practically humming with sexual tension. He was a man of class, intelligence, and painfully articulate manners. But tonight was not about that man. He was halfway tempted to pin John to the wall and initiate it, all of it, anything, right then.
“You are capable of anything, Irene Adler.” Sherlock nodded to Joseph, who had just delivered their beverages. He lifted his to his friend.
She grabbed him again, kissing his shoulder. "Don't apologize." She released him and laced her arm through his. "Hungry?" Jane asked with a grin.
“Please, god, let me live.” John was sobbing. A long slice, half the length of his forearm, began to blossom blood from his ribs. “I don’t know. I don’t know what you want.” He felt the tip of the knife press under his chin. The tears felt hot and ran through a coat of dirt and filth on his face. He wished he could drown.
Sherlock toweled his face in a non-committal way. He had not turned to John; now that he was no longer dancing, he was terrified to. That was the most beautiful, consistent rehearsal he had ever had. That’s not something he would ever admit to lightly, and it shook him to his bones. How can one person make such a difference?
Holmes felt his face getting hot. That made him angry. Why did it make him angry? That wasn’t an illogical assumption to make. It was true, in fact. Surely he could have gotten creative even with limited resources. But the fact of the matter was he had not really intended to take his life that night, nor had he meant to mutilate his body. It just sort of… happened.
“I love you, John.” Callum whispered. “You know your happiness is all I want. And if this guy is it, well I’ll be fucking damned to have a sour word to say about it.” John felt the tears sting, and damn did they sting, and shamed himself for ever doubting. Of course Callum had his fucking back. When had he ever
John took a seat on the opposite side of the sofa and found Sherlock’s eyes. They were wide and soft and full of a million, beautiful things. Watson willed himself to hold it together, because this was the best moment of his
John folded his left leg at the knee, carefully aligning himself with the prominent curvatures of Sherlock's pelvic bone, the pale flesh blushing further with every kiss, every tiny caress, every bite of a lip and slip of a quiet, muffled moan. He moved his right leg out from between Sherlock's legs, pulling Sherlock up to sit, and wrapped both legs around Sherlock’s back. He then pressed himself into the dip of Sherlock's shoulder, wrapping his arms around the whipcord muscle of Sherlock's back. He felt heat encompass him, powerful arms wrapping around him, one hand carding through his hair.
“Self-infliiiiicteddddddd!” Sherlock sang aloud. A giggle bubbled out of his throat. Was that right? Yes, Sherlock had just giggled.
Sherlock felt a small smile grab the right corner of his mouth and tug. John turned round from the bar, two shots in hand, and smirked at Sherlock. He raised a questioning eyebrow.
“Yes, I know. I figured it’d be fun to make people think we were together. Sick game I like to play. Easy to believe. We are frightfully attractive.”
We are long overdue for a chapter! I'm sorry for the delay! This one includes LOTS of dialogue, and a lot more John and Sherlock than the ones prior. I hope you enjoy. I have good things mapped out for you.
Molly walked up to the entrance of the theater only to find Irene there, tapping her feet impatiently, furiously typing on her mobile.
John flipped through the pages, evidently looking for something in particular. He had passed the halfway point of the book when he found it.
“Good thing I’m not here for the praise,” Sherlock quipped. John laughed, then bit his lip at the accidental friction between their hips. He opened his eyes to find Sherlock smirking, smug as
She chuckled, eyes beaming bright and blue. “I love it when you talk Harry to me. Okay. What else? I texted at two. And got the silent treatment.
John was torn between humility and adoration. Yes, he had nailed it on the head, struck through to the very core of John’s problem, pulled the weed at the base and discovered the root. Did Sherlock understand the significance of what he had just deduced? John pulled away to find Sherlock’s eyes. They were curious, intrigued, and, thankfully, gentle.
Sherlock stared at John, words vanishing from his mouth. John hardly seemed put out at the fact that his first official outing with Sherlock was a case, not an actual date. Tonight wasn’t
He decided on a navy tie, assuming it was safe with his cool gray suit. Formal attire wasn’t his greatest strength. He was running a wax-covered palm through his hair when his doorbell rang.
John was taken aback at the sudden outburst. He stopped still on the sidewalk. How the tides had turned. This conversation was so familiar, but John never imagined he would be on the receiving end of it; that he would be the lack of emotion. He restlessly ran both his hands through his hair and interlocked his fingers behind his neck. He stared at the wet cement, watching tiny snowflakes kiss it and then melt instantly. The ending for them was inevitable, and yet they tenderly touched the ground every time before melting into it. He looked up at Sherlock through furrowed brows. What did he want John to say? Shit, what did John want to say?
Holmes could admit what he had done in a moment was foolish. His mind had been untreated for months, and one of his infamous black moods had dug nasty, tar colored roots into his heart, spreading and touching everything and everyone that once meant something. He felt nothing and The Work had lost all its allure: it was no longer challenging. MI6 had equated to Scotland Yard, but with nicer suits and classier criminals. It’s all the same process, in the end. It was that realization that led Sherlock to up his intake, increase the ante, take his mind to an entirely new level. He had thought it would make things easier. If he was sharper, he could breeze through it all and then, when the real cases came, he would be ready. Hungry, starving even, for real work. But it had not happened that way at all.
isn’t silly. Just the fact that I used to fancy myself a writer is. It’s a month long… oh, I dunno, program, or plan, sort of, to help you write a fifty thousand word novel. They give you planning materials, daily suggestions, online forums with other writers. Lots of resources to help. I’ve done it twice. It was a good bit of fun.”
I love John Watson, you guys. I hope you know this by now. I also hope you still love me after you read. Don't worry. It all gets better. Remember: it's an important plot point and development of characters is vital.
John’s fingers tapped the edge of the rickety card table before leaning back and finishing the last of his god-awful coffee. A small smile pulled at the right edge of his lips; what a foreign thing it had become, to smile.
Callum abandoned his conversation with Molly, holding the phone away from his ear. “He texted Molly. About you.”
“Do you mind if I practice, too?” Irene asked. Molly’s eyebrows raised up on her forehead, confused. Did Irene ask anyone's permission for anything?
John’s stomach dipped as a smile stole his mouth. He put the letter and envelope between his teeth as he fished out his mobile and pushed open the front door.
He couldn’t lie; John had expected the arrival at his flat to tense him up immensely. He was waiting for his muscles to wind tight under his skin, for his hands to tremble, to feel the movement of his blood in every vein, artery and capillary in his body. None of that happened. The door opened and John was passing through it, feeling out of his flesh, watching Sherlock watching him, peeling his jumper over his head, the sleeves dragging slowly across his arms.
“Don’t look at me like that, you twat. You just got off to my voice. God forbid, I mention you make me want to stay a little longer. Shower up, you filthy animal. See you in the morning. I’m expecting the return of my petulant child.”
Sherlock dipped the teabag in and out of the hot water, encouraging his drink to steep faster. He had hardly slept, his usual four hours barely sufficing today. He felt tired and worn; not at all what he had wanted.
And then John kissed him. He hadn’t planned to, but then again, when did his life ever heed to a master plan? He felt Sherlock’s hands cupping his face, thumbs caressing the bruises above his brow… He was so gentle, as if John could crumble right in front of him. John broke away. “I’m not going to fuck it up this time, and neither are you.” Sherlock blinked and John watched as a tiny twinkle surfaced in his eyes. “I’m going to get out of these trousers and put on something more comfortable. Tea would be nice.” John winked and headed towards the bedroom. Sherlock all but bolted for the kitchen.
*The Underground isn't necessarily a real organization, group, or event in London. The idea of it was inspired mostly by Underground street dancing, but also by The Adjustment Bureau. For those of you that haven't seen it, PLEASE WATCH IT. It's so. fucking. amazing.
John felt his breath catch in his chest at the proximity of Sherlock’s waist to his own. Instantly, his cheeks heated. He looked incredible tonight; he wore a pale green button up under a black suit, topped with a deep pine colored tie, now drunkenly loosened. It did amazing things to his earth flecked irises.
He wandered out into the hallway, using the walls to support him, and startled at the voice following him from the sitting room.
Sherlock’s thumb sweetly caressed John’s cheekbone, and John watched in amazement as tears welled in the detective’s eyes. “Human error.” He whispered, and one hot, plump tear fell and crashed on John’s cheek.
Sherlock was breathing his air, mouth centimeters from John. His hand ticked upward to drag lithe fingers across John’s chest, nails finding his skin at the shoulder, peeling away one side of his undone flannel. He worked his way behind John, leaning his back against John’s solid one, and dipped low. John’s breath went ragged at the feeling of Sherlock’s hands on the backs of his thighs, creeping steadily upward.
Jane rested her head on the doorframe, assessing herself in the bathroom mirror. She looked tired. She reached for her denim trench resting on the chair in front of her vanity and slid each arm in, wrapping it tightly against the black chiffon fabric of her dress. Jane stood there for a moment, her arms around her waist, holding herself tight. Otherwise she felt as if she might disappear entirely.
The captain rested on his left knee and turned to look at Sherlock over his shoulder. Sweat glistened where it pooled above his brow, a few drops trailing down his nose. He licked his lips and chuckled. “No. You know I’m not. Only when I’m trying for your attention. You gotta admit, works like a charm.” John sat back on his heels and took his t-shirt to his face once again. Then he rested his hands on his knees and tilted his head in a way that Sherlock had started to interpret as “deep in thought, please wait.” So he did. The detective stared at John expectantly.
“Mols, it smells amazing in here. Christ.” Callum appeared in kitchen, covered in dirt, grass and sweat. He smelled of earth and boy, and Molly, despite her previous irritation of him being an hour and a half late,
“But for what it’s worth, she cares about you a great deal. More than she is comfortable with. She is unsure, too.” John paused. B stayed still, ears attentive. “Maybe you should talk with her.”
As soon as they arrived to their destination —which to Sherlock looked exactly like any other of the hundreds of trees they had encountered the last half-hour— they walked into the thick of the forest. Crossing a wooden, yet sturdy-looking bridge over a stream, as the colour of green on the leaves grew more intense the closer to the middle they got.
“Why don’t you drop by practice later?” Greg replied. His mouth quirking up as she halted her strolling to stare at him in surprise.
And sometimes he didn’t. “Piss off!” Was the yell that traveled back into their ears. Making the both of them stand back in defeat.
of you.” The breaking point evident in the crack of his voice when he lashed out. The tears in the brunette’s eyes weren’t exactly doing anything to improve the situation. “I can’t be like those princes and princesses that inhabit this kingdom.” He said. “I’m a big fake, alright? A facade. Hair? Fake.” He said, “Clothes? Fake.” He gestured said offending brown curls and the horrible plain jumper he wore. “Manners. Cooking. All
Sherlock sat back on the sofa, forming theories upon theories of what was going on, none of which when further then
- Harder! - It falls out of him again, unbidden. John barely hesitates before he slams himself inside Sherlock, and the spiderweb of pain only fuels the pleasure. He is going to come untouched, just like in the shower… sweat is covering his body and making him glisten, and is dripping out of John, from his neck and his chest. For once the caskets don’t get in the way of Sherlock when he unbalances John’s hands and pull him down, hugging his torso with bruised legs, the angle just perfect to hit him where it makes him hiss.
He had enough strength to turn and lean on the tiled wall, damn the stitches, legs sort of crossed over one another barely supporting his weight. And then there was John in front of him, half frozen in place, almost a sorry figure with his gorgeous cock an angry shade of red, his wet hair glued to his forehead, hands half of the way to Sherlock, half closed fingers. Mental clarity hit like a brick, this time, because Sherlock realized he knew nothing, he was lost on this new realm of “them”, John and him and this thing that was so much more then a helping hand by this point but still had no name or definition. Sherlock realized he was stuck, and when stuck, there was only one thing a Holmes would do.
"Really John, after what you are doing for me I don’t have any right to expect that you remain professionally immaculate." What he wanted to say was more along the lines of
"I’m s-sorry about that. The first time." John was now looking very intently at the video. Sherlock didn’t want to distract the man out of his porno with some probably very male, very deep sex noises he was sure he was about to make.
"Not like that Sherlock. I’m glad is not easy, most of the time… jesus, you save my life on a daily basis by almost getting me killed all the time, you know that. Is just that
Sherlock bit the side of his cheek and didn’t say a word. His damn fingertips, the only useful parts of his hands, were grabbing at the bed-cover and he was just washed with a desire to
"Shower. I can’t risk all this grime getting in the wound and infecting it, is awfully close to your lungs." When Sherlock seemed to hesitate moving it, John let a huff of annoyance. "Really, we past the point of shyness don’t you think? I’m going to clean you properly, you can’t scrub debris out of you with this little mobility."
"It’s fantasy. I facilitates me imagining myself on those situations and… well, it helps. Godamn you’re only person that would make me explain the appeal of porn!" John laugh nervously "How did you do it? On your own?"
"Hum…" The sound almost felt alien, Sherlock’s breathless moan more an extension from the dream then a real thing. He couldn't get off on it alone, god knew he tried before, but it was still good, still made his body prickle.
- It will hurt. - John says, but he is crawling back up, twisting his body to open the drawer, rummaging through the mess there for the little white bottle. The cap makes a pop as John pushes it open.
“What is even the weather in Norway this week? Bloody hell, I’m not looking forward to spend my day in the airport tomorrow.” He opened the door, turned to Sherlock without thinking and begun to pull the sleeves of his coat out of his casts. “Do you reckon it really has to do with the museum?”
- ...will do. - John says, taking barely a second to say this before going back again, hot sleek tongue going inside, pushing just past the first ring of muscles there. Is preparation, Sherlock realizes with a start, but it has been way too much anticipated to last as much as it technically should.
“I’ll be there in a minute.” Sherlock begun to close the door, then stop. “Can you get me some apple cubes?”
"Hard to." John flinched at his own unintentional pun and cleared his throat. "I mean... is this for me?"
on a bathroom floor. And John’s hair was all messy, and Sherlock’s whole body was bruised, and it was beginning to get really cold.
John held his borrowed gun higher, square shoulders, eyes focused. Sherlock lost a moment in there, looking at him, missed the suspect’s answer. John’s eyes flicker to him, and Sherlock blinked and snap himself out of his reverie.
Sherlock got up, look down a bit disgruntled at the tend on the front of his pants, and trotted to the bathroom to brush his teeth. The whole ordeal with his body sounded even more inconvenient now then on the beginning of things. Could he just corner John and ask? If he calls John to the room, would he take the hint, or tell Sherlock to wait? Did Sherlock actually wanted to end the time off?
"Right...right." He climbed on the bed, and hover over Sherlock, both realizing that it was basically the first time they were on this position, eye to eye, on the
John was just doing the same thing as Mrs. Hudson, essentially. Providing him with a basic necessity his current disability let him unable to attend to himself. It was nothing to John other then being helpful, of course, so if he had gotten a little stiff last couple of times... surely it was because Sherlock had been providing a moving bottom pressed against his crotch, and John hadn't gotten laid in ages. It was a fluke, of course.
Yes, that was much better, now they were fully touching, and even if Sherlock couldn’t feel, he could use his casts to pin John there, over himself, undulating softly under the man, bringing him to full hardness. John didn’t kept to himself for very long though, and he quickly adjusted his position to be between Sherlock’s legs, trusted dry, once, twice… long thrusts that didn’t felt as hushed as they had been so far. The whole mood was more mellow now, as if they were both trying to drag it out, make it count.
"I, hum, I’m sorry. For, ha, this." He did a general gesture in the direction of his crotch. Sherlock could see his jeans were still a bit tighter then they should. "I know you felt it."
Something inside his stomach flipped at least three times, and Sherlock put himself on foot before he could think about it. The last few weeks had been uncomfortable but this, this was fear, pure and simple. John like him?!
Day four begun with his little downstairs problem, and Sherlock cursed. Not the time, definitely! Still a murder to catch, a thieving baroness to save, and a narwhal to find. Sherlock looked at his erection, then back at his casts, then at the table by his hotel bed.
- Yes, all of it. All alright. - Sherlock found himself saying, hips moving minutely, pushing against those lips. John hesitate, then he lowered even further, tongue cradling Sherlock’s balls before his hands push Sherlock open, more open, and his tongue found the place it wanted.
- Harder… - he whispers, between moans, and John hides his face in Sherlock’s neck and pounds him like both their lives depend on it.
The part of his brain that was not being use to analyze, which was about ninety percent by now, was just feeling that heat point of movement on his cock, was letting his throat do funny little breathless sounds, was biting the interior of his lips to keep from moaning. John’s hand was incessant, but he varied the movements a little every few strokes so it didn’t felt mechanic. John would turn his wrist this way or that, cover the head of his cock with his fingers every once in a while. The hand that wasn’t on Sherlock’s dick was stranding his ribs somewhat, and every once in a while Sherlock could feel John’s thumb circling the bonny area like he didn’t even realized he was doing it. His breath was hot and even, grazing the hairs at the base of his neck.
"Yeah, I don’t think you should keep hurting yourself to make it go away." John gestured vaguely. So yeah, of course he knew that too, Sherlock shouldn’t be surprised. He got his rubber mug from John and sat quietly, nursing his hot tea, trying to not fidget on the chair. Trying not to stare at John’s hands, sat opposite to him.
John look up at him (he had been staking the first aid kit) with the deer-cought-in-the-lights look.
"Yeah, sure, it’s your cock. Turn." Sherlock immediately closed the door and brace himself against it.
"Fine. Settled then." John changed the channels a couple more times until he settled at British Cook Off. Sherlock chewed on the inside of his cheek for a while, uncertain if he should ask, but it appeared that it would be rude not to.
It was comforting when John let a little laugh escape at that, the one he did when Sherlock was being simultaneously obnoxious and adorable. John didn’t laugh nearly enough in his life, and sometimes Sherlock was willing to sound a bit ridiculous to get a smile out of the man.
"Well, whatever it is, keep doing it, you seem much better." She smiled and make her turn to go down the stairs again, then thought better of it. "Unless it goes up your nose or into a syringe, then I much rather have the moods, dear."
Sherlock thought. Was John actually turned on by what he was saying? He sat again, getting closer to John and looking more intently at the video.
"I-I think the Girl had anticipated some resistance from the Blond." Sherlock panted and forced himself to pay attention back at the video, like his cock wasn’t being gloriously massaged. "She is looking around, measuring her plans, see? The Boyfriend is down for anything, I wonder what she promised him after t-this…" His voice faulted, and Sherlock had to take a moment to get some air into his lungs. John look at him by the corner of his eyes, then back at the video.
in a totally different way. He hummed again, looking up, never letting his eyes avert from John because John like this was a fascinating puzzle.
John paused, looking at him in the eye. John was excited too, not as much as Sherlock, but definitely getting there. He put the mug back on the table.
And in this case forward was down (so easy, his knees were so weak already), painfully hitting the tile, casts insufficient to pull John closer so Sherlock’s head move ahead, and he could be lacking digits but there was nothing wrong with his mouth.
). For a moment or two, it seemed that everything that Sherlock could feel was John’s firmly holding his cock up and his back radiating embarrassing heat. Then John begun to move.
John made a funny sound on the back of his throat that seemed like a hybrid of embarrassment and lack of patience and muttered something about 'deduction porn' not being an actual thing.
Sherlock didn’t know what to say to that. So he hid his face on the tea and almost burned himself on it.
, probably, what what it meant, and what should Sherlock do. "I mean, can we… take some time? Isn’t that a-a rugby thing? Time off?!"
to respond… wool under his touch, warm and a little rough, and underneath the clear form of John’s muscles. Sherlock was happy to realize he was very familiar with their shapes now, even of only from feeling them on his own chest.
There was something Sherlock had to say, and he better say it now while the endorphins and serotonin and exhaustion made it easy… or as easy as it was ever going to be.
Sherlock didn’t get to see John asleep a lot. They did have separate rooms, and there was no reason to just… stare, like this. But the plane was dark, only lit by the occasional overhead light of other passengers. John’s features were soft like this, nothing at all like the rigid, determined man he was with a gun on his hand, or the long-suffering sidekick he liked to pretend to be. Soft, even a little sad.
The responding expression was predatory, completely aware of how unwanted their presence was. There was not much to be said about Irene and Lestrade’s parents, well
“Okay.” She said brushing a strand of blue hair back over her ear. Archie waved them goodbye, as he retreated and sat at the desk once more, eagerly organising his collection again. The sunny grin not leaving his face as he stared at the newspaper articles with daydreaming-eyes.
After a few hours of catching up with the week’s obligations, Mike and John retired to their designated chambers, but just after parting, the advisor turned to the prince and said one last time. “John,” The blonde turned around to look at his friend. “I look forward to meeting him.” He said, a calm and thoughtful expression on his face.
However, the king didn’t seem dissuaded yet, if anything his resolve appeared more decided, like the answer for which he had searched was forming up clearly for him to recognise. “Like you don’t, actually.” He said, leaving behind his alerted pose and dropping both his defensive arms to his sides, as if confident he was not going to be made a target of anything he didn’t desire. As if daring him to take a shot at him. This threw the rebel off for various reasons, what could possibly be written in his face that John still wholly trusted he would never intend to hurt him? The boy didn’t really want to find out.
John smirked at him in respect, and the moment the other’s posture relaxed back he reached out, wrapped one arm around the other’s waist and yanked him forward for a startling kiss.
“You spelled me with love cookies and conspired to steal the wand to overthrow me from the throne.” The blonde offered, with no real animosity contained in his words. However, to Sherlock they fell on his chest like an elephant’s weight, caging him into the leather.
“I don’t care.” Sherlock sighed. “And put that away, you’re not going to scare anybody with that stupid hammer,” He directed at Sebastian, whose smug grin fell from his face when he realised the rebel wasn’t impressed. “Or is it stupid Friday again, already?” Perhaps it was foolish of him to believe they all could be smart about the situation, the task apparently too great for some of them to perform.
“He’s not the king,” He said, faint clouds of purple smoke forming beneath his feet now that he stepped over the wood’s deck once more. His nose turned up at her animosity. “I admit it might have taken me a while,” The tone turned ironic, an expecting eyebrow arched at them. “I’m afraid I was a bit compromised,” The bitter chuckle bounced off the crisp air as he stared at the crowd. Irene frowned at him while he rounded around the couple and they turned to keep him in sight. Lestrade somehow managed to hide his own laughter behind his fist. “But I know John when I see him, trust me.” This was solely directed to his half sister, because knowing the king was a privilege that no Holmes would ever deserve but somehow had landed in his lap; and he would be even worse than Anderson if he didn’t cherish it. “I mean, he went to all that trouble to prove it, I might as well return the favour,” The violet haired boy flapped his hands around excitedly, gesturing to the beautiful mosaic as his purple curls glowed brighter under the fairy lights above their heads. “Because now I’m certain.”
Minutes later, after he had finally succeeded in catching that blasted shrimp, he felt a hand rake through his hair. He stilled.
John sat back against the frame of the booth, finding no words. He had that conversation with Sherlock within the first week of meeting him, and it was hardly an important one. They had known each other nearly three months now, and John was shocked that Sherlock had listened so closely… or in fact, had listened at all. He fidgeted with his watch for a moment and then glanced out the window. He turned slightly to see Sherlock’s reflection in the glass and noticed the detective was watching him. A weird, twisting heat blossomed in John’s abdomen. He glanced up and met Sherlock’s eyes, which, of course, held an unreadable expression. When is Sherlock ever simple, ever easy? John picked up his pint, and without breaking eye contact, all the cheekiness gone from his voice, raised it up. “To you, Sherlock Holmes, for without your friendship, I would most certainly be lost.”
“Oh, I’m counting on it.” She responded, the tone flat once more; gone was the bashful lover or the queen of wrath; just Eurus Holmes as everyone knew her. “And I have a vivid imagination.” The words sent a chill down the blonde’s spine. “First,” She said. “No magic.”
The prince frowned and exhaled a harsh breath, “They won’t disappoint me.” He assured. He didn’t even know where that passionate and deep loyalty to his new acquaintances came from, but he just knew there was so much more to them than the surfaced betrayed, and he doubted that if he didn’t try, anybody else would bother.
The kneeling man stayed silent, his hands quivering behind his head and his chest bouncing as he whimpered in terror. He was supposed to be a formidable villain, but against the force of James Moriarty no one ever seemed to be able to battle for long.
“Come on!” Sally said clapping in time, placing a trainer over Philip’s back and applying downward pressure. “Pick it up, Anderson!” She commented, to the delight of the other’s present. Anderson grumbled something unintelligent but kept going through the entire set. Lestrade thought that perhaps Sally’s addition to the team will come with unforeseen upsides.
were not going to become permanent, the real reason why they were there was already hanging above them like a shading cloud wherever they went. Still, The Great Schemer beamed at his son, completely oblivious to what happened.
give an account on the multiple reasons it was a legitimate question. “Look at where we are, what more could you ask for? I’ve got everything I ever wanted here.” She explained, as she twirled the deerstalker on her finger. “Don’t you?”
foolish,” The king opened his mouth to retort, but no sound came from his lips as his ocean blue eyes opened wide and he questioned the veracity of them. “I left because I thought it the only logical conclusion.” The rebel explained, a soft smile of fondness forming at the gesture. “That it was only a matter of time before you found out yourself.”
and was quite floored at the resemblance. She made no move to get up, happy to lay on the wood, indifferent of the blade resting on her collarbone and grinning through the blood running down her nose. John decided not to think about that sight.
“What’s the harm?” He asked, yet he knew he would be met with quiet derision. And true to form, his girlfriend was giving him such an intense glance of pity for his perceived naivety.
“Greg?” Irene said, tugging on the black, sheer sleeves of he dress to hide from the cold wind. The blonde turned around to stare at the crates of junk next to the door as the other two talked. “It’s really weird being back here.” She commented, looking around her as if she expected the place to swallow her whole and never spit her back out.
precious book. “Don’t you just miss running wild and breaking all the rules?” He tried to hide the wistful tone in his voice, already tired of behaving so little like himself for the whole morning.
“Shit!” She murmured, frantically searching through her purse for the discordant item. Losing her desire to be discreet in the silence of the classroom as the time went on and the height of her desperation rose. Sherlock chose to look at the scene two seats down from his; seeing as he had finished his test nearly ten minutes after they had been handed out.
The girl’s face —who could only be what Mycroft described as E.— remained impassive, her eyes not leaving John as she answered. “
was my favourite.” She said, her words transforming into something more wistful, a distant memory as she smiled crookedly. “You already showed me heartbreak,”
“Let’s get out of here.” Lestrade said, matching Irene’s expression as the rebel felt his feet move on their own volition. When they all crossed the deck, Sherlock dully flicked his wrist and made a faint green mist gather around his body as his great black coat was summoned; figuring there was no point in hiding now. The familiar warmth and heaviness over his shoulders while he walked acting like a shield from the garish reality.
She rested her chin on her shoulder and leaned further back into B’s chest. “You’re the only one that’s given me room to grow. I apologize for now quite knowing what to do with it just yet.” He kissed her ear through her hair and watched her shiver at the warmth of his breath on her neck.
Sherlock smiled, distant demeanor beginning to melt away. “She is so easy to write for. So much spirit.”
Watson climbed on top of Sherlock and straddled him, a moan escaping the detective’s lips at the sudden change in contact. John grabbed the man’s arms and pulled him to a sitting position, causing their hips, and cocks, to line up perfectly. John growled deep in his throat. He buried his hands into Sherlock’s hair, bit that sweet, exposed neck, and began to rut against him. “Goddamnit, Sherlock.
“Yes, I am aware of this ridiculous tradition you are so inclined to adhere to. I just… I wanted to give you something before. I’m sliding it under the door. I’ll see you soon.”
He blinked against the late afternoon sun, seeping in through the crack of the canvas tent. His eyes attempted to focus on the blur of the man in front of him. A head of messy, sandy blonde hair, kissed with gray, sharpened, followed by piercing blue eyes, furrowed brows and a pair of pursed lips. “Now, if you’ll just sit up for me…” The cold of the stethoscope caused his breath to catch in his chest. The cadet blue eyes were then glancing, gently, into his, focused, steady, and sympathetic. Sherlock huffed in a few breaths, rolling his eyes. He was thoroughly exhausted with people looking at him like that, as if he deserved the pity of absolute strangers.
going to have a night out tonight! Oh, the data I will collect from this will be truly life changing.”
Oh, he was human. His jaw set, his eyes closed in concentration, the muscles of his legs and arms contracting and releasing on demand, the way he swept and swallowed that entire fucking stage in four huge steps, the way he commanded attention without ever once having to ask for it, without having to leave the stage, leave the ground. He need not even leave the ground. He was so delicate in his strength; the most minute details did not escape John’s observation. The tiniest flick of his wrist, the slow release of his ankle from one position to another, the extension of his jaw up as his body shifted from one art form to another, seamlessly, the discreet flare of his nostrils lending the only hint at the amount of physical exertion he was indeed performing. The amount of discipline and rigor was breathtaking, and John was left awestruck at the way it was made to seem completely and totally effortless.
Sherlock rose to his feet and stood in front of John. The doctor looked up at him, wiping away the wet spots from his face, grinning a nine million watt smile. The smile went crooked and John tilted his head in curiosity. He was glowing.
Sherlock’s eyes ran mercilessly over John’s form, absorbing the slight rock back and forth between his feet, his thumb rubbing gentle circles on the top of his left hand, the way he leant his chin up when he fought with tears, attempting to drown them back in his eyes and make them stay. Sherlock felt his heart throbbing loudly in his ears and cursed the body’s natural reaction.
“B, it smells so good in here!” He glanced up at her peeling off her leather jacket at the dining room table. He pulled the cork from the bottle of pinot on the counter and poured her a glass. She pulled her hair back out of habit and made her way into the kitchen. B passed her the glass; he relished the look of appreciation on her face every time he did anything remotely kind. On one hand, it made things so easy. Jane was grateful for everything. On the other, it was discouraging.
John’s hands slowed, moving in a way Sherlock recognized; John analyzing, observing, absorbing. He felt the calloused fingers sweep steadily across his back, his arms, hesitating at the patches of roughened skin at his elbows, venturing to his nape, delicately touching Sherlock’s humidity-tormented curls. Sherlock stilled, trying desperately to keep his eyes open, to record John’s eyes, the swollen quality they possessed, red-rimmed and gentle, vulnerability present and paired with an overbearing wave of fondness, as he admired every square inch of Sherlock’s body.
"Harry Potter. He's a wizard and attends a school called Hogwarts and he and his two best mates are Gryffindors. Christ, Sherlock, our very own J.K. Rowling wrote it. Voldemort, 'Malfoy, Draco Malfoy, you don't want to go making friends with the wrong sort', vanishing cabinets, wingardium leviosa? No? No bells?"
“I do love it when you order for me,” Irene quipped as she rolled her eyes. Sherlock winked, placing his folded hands in his lap. “Do you have the music?”
“Oh! My apologies, sir! If I may say so, that last scrum that won you the International Cup was beautiful. Your fullback is phenomenal.”
He casually strolled over to the touch line, turning his side to bump his shoulder into John’s. John barely moved, cemented to the earth like stone, raising one eyebrow. Callum knew it was John’s way of giving him permission to proceed, though it made him no less anxious about doing so.
Sherlock leaned against the door frame to his own room. “Morning” he drawled. John stared up at Sherlock from the bed he was lying in. “How did I… Why am I…” A look of true confusion overtook John’s kind features. Sherlock smiled.
*bboy is interchangeable with beat boy. It's basically breakdancing. Thanks, mollyloo, for that little tidbit and gorgeous idea
“I do not have a history of being kind to myself, John. I have had black moods that possess me the greater part of a year, or three. I’ve done irrational things. I was not a great man before I met you.”
Slowly, John’s eyebrows eased apart and his eyes grew into small, blue moons at full phase on his face. His lips parted in surprise. Gaping at Sherlock, one small word fell from his mouth, barely audible, as if it were hardly worth mentioning: “me.”
look like a Bernini carving. His hand ran through his wet, inky curls and then across his face, wiping away excess water. John was desperately trying to become as inattentive as possible. Trouble was going to rise if he didn’t, and he knew exactly where it would show up: straight between his legs.
John rolled with the punches, gave a thumbs up and his best headliner smile. He was rewarded with a gorgeous grin from Sherlock, who thumbed through the photos, and then handed the device back to Graham. Sherlock came back to his side, his arm brushing against John’s before he discreetly laced his last two fingers through John’s. He stole a look at his… god, what was he? Boyfriend? Love interest? Dream come true? Ultimate demise?
“Ridiculous, I know. I’m far too pale for this color. But Molly…” Jane’s eyes were quickly brimming with tears. “Oh, John. She’s perfect.”
Callum nodded, and John could see the tears in his eyes. He felt his own brow creasing in confusion before he was slammed into Callum’s chest, the embrace nearly closing his throat off entirely. He wrapped his arms around his best friend, a rush of relief consuming him.
Sherlock slung his small bag over his shoulder and rammed into John’s side on the way out. He was so glad to get out of this fucking sun, away from bland and neutral things. Ready for a proper shower and some fucking air conditioning. This was bullshit. Who sends a man in need of serious medical attention to a goddamn desert, anyway? Fuck Mycroft. This was his fault. Sherlock would humble him upon his arrival home.
The moment passed, and the wheels kept on spinning, approximating him to what would probably be the most important minutes of his life, for better or worse. After a few more quiet breaths, John appeared to have gathered the courage to ask what he wanted and turned around to look at him. “Sherlock,” He said, and the boy just raised his eyebrows in acknowledgment. “Would you wear my ring?” The blonde said, extending a hand and offering said item to him, yet Sherlock felt he couldn’t accept it, he was barely able to keep up the farce as it was, there was no need to get in it deeper than it was necessary; than he already was.
“He must never come back here.” Sherlock said, although the rebel knew it was more an order than a suggestion. “He can’t keep dealing with all the idiots I’ve slighted or humiliated in the past,” The violet haired was sure he could deal with them on his own, as he always had. But having John in danger not only proved highly disadvantageous but he also refused to put the blonde in any harm’s way if he could help it. “Which is a lot of them.” He said.
“Like Anderson?” Sherlock couldn’t really help the disgusted note out of his tone as he voiced his question; for him, gaining wealth wasn’t worth spending one more second around Philip Anderson than necessary, his secret paramour was no better either.
“I just pick the one that doesn’t sound like any fun.” He answered, to which Lestrade threw a loud and interrupting belly laugh that cut off the voice asking yet another situational interrogation. Mrs. Hudson —who had appointed herself, as main Defender of Light, to impart as much knowledge of virtuousness to the three additions to the school’s alumni— cleared her throat impatiently, clearly not at all amused that they seemed to be taking the class so indifferently.
The padded walls transformed into a cavernous space, grey stone walls shrouding them as if they resided on the dungeons inside an ancient castle. The setting was a tad dull and unglamorous for Moriarty’s usual taste, yet he made up for it with the big glass box at the centre of it. More than two meters tall, and encasing a lavish red and gold throne inside. Jim was perched on it, laying sideways nonchalantly in an impeccable grey suit topped with a king’s thick cape. The bejewelled crown sat on his head casually, as if its weight had been perfectly balanced to rest on top of his head.
Greg leaned back on the lockers next to where Sherlock was retrieving his books, making an effort not to open the door too much, lest anyone could get a peek inside and find out how many
The voice said, as they showed the footage of John feeding him chocolate strawberries. Sherlock could remember it had been one of the times they —or at least he— had actually enjoyed the afternoon during the excruciating, long journey.
“Maybe.” She said, looking at her rings glinting in the light sneaking in from the tiny window on the back of the room. Giving him a sliver of respite from her challenging gaze. “But don’t you think there’s a reason why you didn’t even think it could be anyone else in the kingdom but you?” Irene asked, returning her knowing eyes at him in a stare down that he definitely didn’t win. She sighed, recognising he was not going to reply, possibly ever; but her surprised eyebrows didn’t hide the fact that his answer was probably written all over his face anyway.
