The mayor receives one as a gift, and he interprets it accurately, as a thank you and a reminder: true love conquers it all.
In response, the inspector reached into his jacket pocket and pulled out a newspaper. He handed it to the detective with a dismissive gesture.
It was still snowing when we made our way to the London dockyards. The streets were deserted. Not even a carriage was passing by. They would not pick us up as passengers, anyway.
, and so Johnny-turned-John had to blend in during university days and had tried harder and harder still,—and yet, there had been still a chance.
“Don’t bother,” his father croaked out with a humorless laugh. “You won’t like what you see.” His words were slurred, and John knew with a sinking certainty that he was drunk. Nothing had changed after all; all that had happened was the house catching up to what its inhabitants looked like on the inside. Old, broken, disused.
“Sherlock,” John whispered, but he couldn’t think of anything else to say. The silence between them shifted, as it so often did, and suddenly the narrow space between them felt electric. He became very aware of the fact that their arms were still around each other, and that if he leaned up just a little…
that danced across John’s eyes? What was he thinking? Had he imagined it? Why couldn’t he just deduce him like he could with everyone else? “So, you’re not seeing anyone.” It sounded like a reaffirming statement, but Sherlock heard the underlying question plain as day.
“You’re dreaming, John.” The soft voice carried him into the waking world. He opened his eyes and realized the bright light of his dream was a beam of fresh morning sunlight streaming into the hollow redwood. His left arm was completely numb from being pinned underneath his body at an awkward angle, and he was shivering under a layer of chilled sweat.
“Of course not!” John wanted to punch something. “I’m not interested in helping that secretive, manipulative bastard. And when I leave, it’s going to be on my own terms.” He stopped pacing suddenly as his own words crashed down on him. He hadn’t meant to say that out loud. He hadn’t wanted Sherlock to know, not yet. Not before he’d asked him… Sherlock was staring at him, his body completely still, his face suddenly devoid of emotion. The air felt tense and cold between them. But it only lasted a heartbeat before Sherlock’s expression cleared.
“Well, what do you think?” Sherlock asked, fixing his brilliant stormy gray eyes on John for the first time in hours, impatiently waiting for his opinion.
Sherlock scrambled to his feet and squinted out towards the southwestern horizon, the direction the dragons always came from. At first he saw nothing, but then a star winked out for half a second – had a dragon flown in front of it? And all at once he saw them, barely a shade darker than the sky behind them, gliding in towards the village, speeding closer every second. The watchtower horns blew; one of the watchmen had spotted them. Fires flickered to life in the village as torches were lit and fire arrows readied. From the high outcrop, the battle cries of the villagers who spilled out of their houses brandishing weapons sounded distant and almost surreal. The first shriek of a dragon cut the stillness of the night like a blade.
There were a lot of things that John could have said. He could have said, “It’s fine,” or “Don’t worry about it,” or even a teasing “Don’t do it again.” He could have said any number of things to return their conversation to their usual light bantering.
Out of sight of the others, John stopped and let his anger rise to the surface. Incomplete, painful half-formed thoughts questions chased each other through his mind. He knew he had been ignoring his father since returning to Berk, and part of him felt immensely guilty for it; but the rest of him had felt liberated by the realization that he owed nothing to the man. And yet, here he was, tasked with rebuilding his home, a less-than-subtle attempt on Mycroft’s part at forcing their reconciliation. But John didn’t want reconciliation. He didn’t need to be reminded of the yelling, the breaking, the stench of drink, the sound of Harry screaming and crying, the frightened and sympathetic glances of neighbors who knew but did nothing. Just thinking about it made him feel physically ill. But there was no arguing with Mycroft. The sooner he got this over with, the better. Then he could go back to the way things were before.
“It’s wonderful,” John breathed earnestly as he slipped it back into its sheath and fastened it reverently to his belt. “I can’t believe - I never expected - thank you, Sherlock, thank you.”
“I’ve got to get going,” John said finally, looking sad and resigned as he stood up and took their empty bowls and spoons to the washbasin in the corner. “I’ve still got a few things left to do this afternoon, and I have to pack.”
“And I’ve got to go check on Toothless,” Sherlock said gloomily. It wasn’t that he didn’t enjoy spending time with the dragon - on the contrary, he enjoyed it very much - it was just that he was reluctant to end their unexpected rendezvous. “Will I… can I still see you tonight?”
“Right. And I suppose you think you’re the one who should go after the dragon,” John sighed. “I know, I know, I can’t stop you, you’ve proved that enough times already. But… look, your knife is broken. I think the dragon stepped on it.” He reached into the sand and picked up a few pieces of shattered blade. “Can’t have been much good in the first place if it broke so easily. Here, take mine,” he offered. “I won’t need it for this.”
After collecting the cooled knife from Philip’s forge and tidying up around the place for the last time, he slipped it snugly into a redwood sheath, which he’d carved and polished himself, and tucked it safely in his pocket. He fought the urge to take it to John right away; he knew he was busy furnishing the newly completed house today, and would probably be elsewhere in the village anyway trading for woven rugs and new linens. Instead he went to Martha’s to look for a bite to eat. He was in luck; she was in the kitchen, stirring a steaming pot of vegetable soup that smelled mouthwateringly delicious.
“See you tonight,” Sherlock echoed, and then John was opening the door, almost blinding him with afternoon sunlight; the door closed, and he was gone.
Mycroft stared at him pointedly, waiting for an answer. John sighed and closed his eyes, pressing his palms to his forehead. How exactly had he gotten into this situation? What did Mycroft really want? Why was Sherlock avoiding him so desperately?
was all he needed to remember the important stats. But going through the moves of dragon fighting felt more like mere exercise or meditation than actual experience since there were no dragons to practice with. Generations ago, the dragon pit had housed captured dragons for the children-in-training to battle with, but the knowledge of how to catch them had died with the last dragonmaster. Rumor had it that he had left Berk before his death, and that it was his own son who was now known as the legendary dragonslayer. John had stopped believing in that story long ago. It was strange to think that Sherlock would be the first dragoncatcher in over a century if he succeeded – and only John would know about it. Keeping such a thrilling secret made him feel dangerously alive.
“Oh, Sherlock, what a lovely surprise!” she exclaimed when he slipped in the back door as he usually did, but he hardly heard her.
Of all the things John had feared, his mother dying hadn’t been one of them. She’d seemed fragile, subdued by the drunken rages of his father, yes; but there’d been a determined fire in her eyes all the same, a fire that reminded him of eternity, a fire that protected him when she whispered how much she loved him through the closet door when he hid for hours after the screaming matches had subsided. Dead. Impossible. And yet. He should be grieving. He should be overcome. Instead he feels sick with disgust and brimming with anger. What did he do to deserve this?
“Is this it? Your call to glory? Training the children of Berk to defend the island against the ultimate enemy? Are you prepared to settle for a life of instructing the village’s offspring to battle dragons?”
“Maybe you could attach wheels?” John suggested, dragging his gaze back to the pivoting base. “Then you could pull it behind you, or push it ahead of you like a cart.”
“Well. One of us should go back and hide the dragoncatcher,” Sherlock decided out loud, “while the other needs to follow the dragon and make sure it’s not getting into trouble. We can’t let the other villagers find it, or they’re bound to try to kill it. At least if they find the machine, we can get away with a half-truth – that we wanted to catch a dragon – without letting on that it worked.”
They suddenly seemed to remember the soup at the same time, and both peered down at it; it was simmering happily, and hadn’t burned on the bottom as John feared, but he commenced stirring it again anyway. The intensity of the moment between them had passed.
“When you left Berk. I deleted you. Because I didn’t want you to be gone. I… didn’t like being alone.” Well, that was an understatement. “So I had to erase the memories of when I was happy, with you. But it turns out I didn’t really delete you. It all came back when I saw you at our hollow tree, the day you came home.”
“Shall I, er, light a candle? Get a fire going?” He stumbled back another step, feeling around for something to grasp onto, looking for flint and steel or matches or whatever might be lying around. His hand came down on the kitchen table, but he quickly snatched it away when he realized it was coated with a think layer of dust.
Sherlock was speechless. No one had ever given him anything of such importance. It felt unnaturally heavy in his hand, yet somehow familiar and reassuring. Slipping it back into its sheath, he clasped it carefully to his belt, taking a half-second to admire how it looked before turning back to John.
“Sherlock was trying to catch a dragon,” he told the chief; as Sherlock had said, it didn’t matter if their plan was revealed as long as no one thought it worked.
Thank the gods it was over now. Captain Lestrade had held the crew together and managed to fend off the first, second, and third waves of pirates that surged onto their ship; by then the pirate ship, Scarlet Kiss, was fleeing over the waves. Five crew members were lost; at least twice that number of pirates had perished.
Except things had already changed – there was a dragon involved now, and he only had a month until he was sailing to the Verland Isles; Mycroft seemed determined to meddle with his life. A chill swept across him as he wondered if it was more than that – what if he was trying to keep John away from Sherlock? And if that were true, why? He tried to shake it off as a coincidence, but the uneasiness lingered as he slowly made his way towards the firelight of the village.
“Wait with me, little brother,” he said in his tired voice. Sherlock waited for a quip about how it wouldn’t do for him to be soaked in seawater when the voyagers arrived, but there was only silence. He couldn’t bear to watch his brother’s searching gray eyes, so instead he turned and trained his eyes on the ship that was nearing the docks all too quickly, but not quickly enough. The rest of the village was catching up, their voices blurring together like a hive of bees. They were practically vibrating with mixed hope and anxiety, but Sherlock felt far away from it all, as though he were floating above the whole scene, a lightning kite drifting on a wisp of smoke.
been delighted. Whenever her fathers wanted to stop, to postpone it until the next day, she intervened. "Please," and as it was the magical word, rarely used in the household even in 2020, they complied.
Medication, as well as therapists, were red flags nowadays; they found their own solution: retirement. As far as possible from London. Therefore they rejected the suggestion by Mycroft - Sussex Down - immediately.
While I was pondering going out myself - maybe a stroll through the park would do me good? - I heard someone talking with Mrs Hudson downstairs. Minutes later, hasty steps were approaching, and then Inspector Lestrade appeared in the living room.
was not suddenly afraid of heights, but after the events of Moriarty and Mary, he had grown more observant and concerned for the good doctor’s feelings. Love was a great motivator, one that kept them alive and together in the end.
"What has she to say about it? She is only the governess. I have been employed at Crevecoeur Hall all my life.
The target group was young adolescents, which proved to be their downfall as Shirley Holmes revealed that its appearance in her school—Sussex Academy—had informed her of its existence. “Out of a sudden, a new chemical drug, I knew that something was going on,” the young detective said. “I looked for patterns and clues, and it didn’t take me long to see a correlation between the weather forecast and the distribution. When one looks around and watches all the snowfall in recent weeks, it does not take long to make a connection. It’s rather obvious, don’t you think.”
a long monologue, the inspector, as well as myself, were surprised, when my friend solemnly stated: "a wise man has reminded me recently that criminal investigations contain always a space for personal moral and justice. I‘m quite pleased that we could verify this hypothesis so soon.
He couldn’t have imagined that his muscles could still manage this movement, but here he was sitting at the table in 221b with a teenager, smiling. If John hadn’t had been on so many adventures with Sherlock Holmes by his side, he would have called himself insane. However, apparently, living with Sherlock Holmes had its perks, one, to never be startled by unannounced house guests.
“I will not tolerate any insult from a schemer like you. Do you think no one at the mansion noticed your ride? You are just a beautiful face and your place is more on the sidewalks of Whitechapel than in a nobility mansion. "
We had shared more than a dorm during those days, I will admit in these private documents, for no one other than my own (and maybe Holmes). It had been nothing serious; we had parted amiably before I
It took less than half an hour to complete the tree. They both took a step back to admire the effect, and they both felt very satisfied so. They turned towards each other by chance, and Holmes's eyes widened, then burst out laughing. Watson was full of pine needles and coloured threads, which were attached to him by the sticky resin of the tree.
“I blame myself for the colonel's death. I wouldn't want his legitimate child to be robbed of his inheritance.”
“That was one reason I abandoned you for a short time. The other one was that I had personal reasons. I suspected what had happened recently, and I feared the outcome. “
The wealthy merchants have found their special seats. They wear their Sunday best, showing off their power and money. No one believes that Moriarty and Magnussen believe in anyone besides themselves.
had praised his intended bride’s good looks, the merchant had first turned pale and then interrupted him without even an apology. In a booming voice, Gregory Lestrade blurted out that he could tell as much about his sorrows as about his wife’s cursedness.
When Miss Parker approached the table, Landsbury rushed to pull out a chair for her. Whenever their gazes met, she smiled at him, which he returned promptly. I turned to Holmes and gave him a pointed look. It was rather obvious that those two were lovers! It pleased me to outwit my partner’s character analysis for once.
It was the iconic line, the one Sherlock Holmes had used when John Watson had examined Jennifer Wilson’s dead body, that broke the tension.
“You’re doing the right thing, Dr Watson.” Mrs Hudson is the first person to congratulate him. How the cunning property owner found the adoption papers remains a mystery.
I wanted to say something against the outrageous theory I thought of Holmes, but he gave me a penetrating look that silenced me.
They had worked too hard to stay alive; therefore, a house facing the golden cap it was to be. Amber cliffs and the bluest of blue water, and a police station that looked as if it had won a design award. It irritated Greg just
“John: we opened a rip twice, we fought some supernatural powers, we suffered for fifteen years and some.”
I watched how he closed his eyes for a millisecond. I felt it before he did it: the mask was in place. He wasn’t hurt because it has slipped his mind nor because he’s part of the community. Or at least, no one was going to witness it except me, because I’ve seen the man behind the mask for long enough to cherish his oh, so, human heart.
“To hell with Mr Holmes. Take my offer or leave it. I will not renew it, that I can promise you, good woman.”
I have no living kin on British soil, I survived Afghanistan, there are always places where a doctor is needed, no reputation required. There are options, but they were not one for me anymore. I closed those doors for a reason, without hesitation or doubt, when I consented to become a true intimate partner of Mr Sherlock Holmes.
It’s as if transported in the Afghan desert and looking up in the midnight sky. Gosh, John has made it home. He’s alive.
“Holmes,” I said, more confident and taking courage for once, “we are in a pretty ghastly time, I know. However, we are in for it together, aren’t we?”
“Oh, John,” Sherlock Holmes sighs softly. He rocks his fingers inside Watson, curling it and shifting it, letting him feel the pressure from the inside. “If I had known that you needed to be buggered this badly, I would have done it far more often...”
Just when I catalogued my surroundings as what they surely were - tricks of my mind - my companion said: “Come on, Watson, I will show you something.” Holmes dashed away toward some bushes, leaving me behind bereft and cold. Some moments later, he reappeared, presenting something to me. “Look, Watson. What do you make of this?”
Watson opens his eyes. They're dark as coal. There's a flicker already, a spark. Love is like a desert or even hell itself. Love is like wildfire because the more it burns, the more it wants to burn down everything it can. “What?”
When I woke up an indefinite time later, I was in a hospital bed. I couldn’t recall how I ended up here, but hopefully, the person at my bedside would have all the answers...
“Hey, man, we’re landed! Back to the living, mate, and run! You’ve got five minutes before the concert starts!”
I had been distraught when he had seemed to have met his ends at Reichenbach, similar to his feelings towards me marrying Mary Morstan. Back then, he had never let it slip, but as the years had grown, I had sensed it but never felt brave enough to address it.
After several years of celebrated collaboration the eminent consulting detective, Mr Sherlock Holmes, and his medical companion, Dr John Watson, have ended their professional partnership, and it seems simultaneously ended their friendship.
It is truly a task one must grow to endure. The blacksmith’s body is already drenched in sweat, yet wearing his leather waistcoat is a necessity. The beads of sweat from his forehead hit the iron, causing the metal to hiss; with one last hit, he placed the blade back into the flames. His back is drenched and his shirt is almost transparent. With one swift movement, both the waistcoat and shirt are removed. Until then it has been his everyday routine, his so-called life, which showed to be barely more than a dull existence.
“We could have arrested Dr Neil, regardless. I could make him talk, get the name of his accomplices. Maybe we could prevent another murder.”
Words are living things. They have personality, a point of view, and their own agenda. And I know we need to let the ghosts rest. Our old life ended when we came to Sherrington in 1919.
It happens by accident, as most things in life are not planned, not staged, not calculated, but real, and it works.
“Seriously, is this what people think jinn can do? No, John, I cannot read your mind, but I can read people very well. It is part of my magical nature—or so I assume—all my own. I am not the only jinn in the world, but I am the second most powerful of my kind
"It’s your fault, Watson. It was you who infected me with the business of Christmas and decorations, after all in the past you and Mrs Hudson have always wanted at all costs to decorate Baker Street despite my grievances," the detective said, sounding almost like reading his mind. He took a decoration from the chest then began to look at the tree, with an absorbed look.
"Morphine. You used it to drug Adèle the night of her kidnapping. You were the one who brought Adèle the herbal tea that night."
“I think they did, Dr Watson. Actually, I am not sure...” Jones looked thoughtful for a moment as if a thought puckered in his mind, but he could not grasp it. He took another sip of the rather excellent local brew he continued: “However, it seems there had been some other plans, maybe including you, but I could not verify it.”
It's not the body heat that he craves, it's the intimacy. A well-prepared Earl Grey Tea can help much, so can music, but a human connection? Endless possibilities!
"I had thought you had deduced it by now, old boy." His eyes were alight with mischief, resembling for a second the man Stamford had introduced to me half a century ago. A queer fellow, oh yes. "It's rather… elementary, is it not, John?"
Foolish, he scolds himself. John, who's got a private side, who's got trust issues, who's been to war, his John.
All eight guards, ordered by height, all dressed up under the scorching hot sun on a deserted street.
What should I say? They’re good at what they do. The work gives them purpose, too. It’s his legacy, and we are honouring him by continuing to make his London a safer place.
Holmes did not bat an eyelash and instead continued, “according to my information the estate has been empty some twenty years. We will see for ourselves.”
Spontaneity isn’t their habit. But when they heard the one preparing something in the kitchen, the other man’s feet found their way to the fridge to put out the meal Mrs Hudson had stored there. The sound of cutlery from one man told the other to put the kettle on and to clean a mug.
Today, 10 years ago “A Study in Pink” aired on the BBC. A show that has its flaws and a fandom that has its drama as well, and yet, I think we all agree that the show and our fandom are both pretty damn special.
We barely rearranged ourselves into a more presentable stage before he rushed over to my partner. Mr X shook his hand, congratulating Sherlock.
Was there some truth in it? Was Holmes’ exile to the basement a way of keeping me away while he found alternative lodgings?
It had been the starting point, ending today with John’s final move: when he would have cleared out the fridge (
"And my habits. We meet from time to time, for hunting or receptions. Lovely people and old friends."
Mary-Ann seemed relieved when I finally left the room. In the hallway, she held me back for a few moments.
He would not say it out loud, but maybe there was some truth in the 'seeing the world through children's eyes. Or, at least, when such a clearly accomplished young lady like Watson was part of the equation.
, she had indeed been staying with her Aunt Lydia, who lived near the coastal town. They had been wed in secret, and as Holmes has observed, consummated the marriage: Anna Johnson was expecting a child.
He slowly passed the tip of his pink tongue to his lips, lifting his eyelids to find his companion's face again, finding it tremendously beautiful and seductive. A small cramp of desire squeezed his guts, and he felt a delicious tingle in his lower abdomen, probably the prelude of a pleasant night.
My friend would never have said that he never would have met journalists to talk about an ongoing investigation, especially to expose a web of lies. Suddenly, I understood the attitude of the lawyer, Mr Albucklhurt. He must have found that Holmes was not lacking in daring to question him after such revelations in the press that morning.
Holmes continued to smile, now in a more relaxed way, knowing that it was not in his real intentions to diminish that important place for both of them, their secret refuge. He closed his eyes for a few seconds, it was so nice to feel the warmth of his hand again even though there was a heavy fabric shirt between their skin.
We were the two puzzle pieces, fitting together. The rest would solve itself, somehow. I had to believe in our love, in us, in Sherlock Holmes.
What game was my companion playing? When he had already spoken to Jones, what else could I learn? I was no detective. Apparently, my inner state was so grave that others could notice it, as David Jones hesitantly inquired, “Is everything all right, Dr Watson?”
John should shave. These days, his hair was more white than blond. He wore a ratty T-shirt and some pants that certainly didn’t match and probably were only good for Sherlock’s experiences, but when their eyes met, he knew that all of this didn’t matter.
I was going to miss them. They knew more about myself and my family than I did, but I comforted myself with them not knowing what has become of me. They had their lives, and maybe the memory of the old John Watson, Johnny, as they called him. When I glimpsed my companion, who seemed to wait for me, sitting aloof from them, I did not want to change it for the world.
The Scauldron was looming over the night fury now, whose struggles were becoming weaker as the waves battered it again and again. The great sea dragon seemed to have no interest in the tiny humans nearby, not when such rare prey was wrapped up before it. That worked to his advantage. He tuned out John’s desperate protests and stopped, waist deep in the push and pull of the waves, waiting for the right moment…
Robert put our trunks in the hall, then he returned to load the horses. A young servant took hold of our coats before we entered the living room.
I wanted to say, "look in the mirror, my love, what do you see?" And I sensed the reply, his, not mine - which would have been:
The milk is clouding the dark liquid. Not for the first time, John wonders if it means that with every passing second, it's less easy to distinguish the tea from the milk, or if the overall effect is that the drink got brighter in colour, softer in taste.
Sherlock deduced John’s life story at first glance while believing Harry to be his brother. Sherlock himself had announced that he didn’t sleep, eat and talk for days on end and that he played the violin, but John had to find out about him being an ex-junkie via a drug bust. Sherlock only knew the truth about his married-to-my-work-speech.
Finally, Sherlock Holmes entered the room. His face was dark and his foot lame. Landsbury rushed to find him a chair and inquire about his well being, but Holmes casually dismissed his worried questions.
“Doesn’t the bible say that love is the most important thing? Like, isn’t that the message of the New Testament? 'Faith, hope, and love, and the greatest of these is love', so how could love be a sin? And if it is a sin," I barreled on, not letting him get a word in edgewise, "then Jesus died to absolve our sins, and we’re saved, anyway. Sorry, sir, I’m not a regular churchgoer, but I live happily with this man who’s all for logic. You cannot have it both ways. Unless you don’t follow God’s word but a man’s interpretation of it. And frankly, what I remember from bible studies at school, years ago mind you but I doubt it's changed, is that God is a rather forgiving guy. Rainbow and all, which is from the Bible, Old Testament even. And his son dined with sinners and instructed his disciples to do the same, so well… love is kind.”
I returned to Crevecoeur Hall just in time to have tea with our client and Miss Parker. Both seemed devastated. Colonel Landsbury was munching on a few cucumber sandwiches, while Miss Parker was completely silent. I was starving but held back to not make a fool of myself. However, the young woman must have noticed my hunger because she ordered unprompted another round of sandwiches.
"Thank goodness, I had almost feared that you were already tired of our relationship," said Holmes, turning to look at his companion in his clear eyes, without speaking seriously. He clearly perceived that the passion between them was still burning and the love far from disappearing.
It is the morning after the all-changing sex, aka the beginning of the rest of their lives. However, how long will it last when one is a supernatural being and the other is a mortal man? Will the star-crossed lovers' wish be granted...?
We dismounted in the paved courtyard, feeling not sorry to find ourselves on dry land. Almost immediately, a woman appeared on the steps. An exquisite woman with bright blonde hair and remarkable blue eyes. She wore a simple brown-coloured dress that enveloped her delicate form.
The fire that burned inside John’s lover wanted to be tamed. There was nothing to it; Sherlock needed the release, and the only way was by penetrating John. John would have offered his mouth, but it was no use. Sherlock was too wound up, too agitated, too driven.
The door to the basement was shut and when I tried the handle, I found it to be locked. From within I could hear the occasional crack of that seemed to be a gun being fired and the grind on metal on metal.
"First an unusual murder, then a potential double method of killing, and now, a note. You’re spoiling us, Lestrade!"
The world seemed golden once more, and it seemed as if Sherlock himself sensed it. Getting ready at the entrance of 221b, rushing out to help Scotland Yard and Bea with them.
Two miles down the coast, a man stared at the dissolving blue horizon. He was wearing a woollen jumper of cashmere as old habits die slowly, but for a man like him, it was as if he were wearing jogging pants. The colour was a deep green, it had been a present. The jeans clung to his hips as if they were a second skin. Hiking boots were a new addition, but a scarf and in particular the prominent Belstaff completed the altered but no less stylish look.
If Lestrade suspected it, he showed nothing. Instead, he took over from Holmes and concluded: "And what I don‘t know I’m better not
“Why, then? I trust Mr Sherlock Holmes.” She sounded so sure, and I desperately wanted to express the same sentiment.
John sounds put off, so Sherlock rushes to clarify, “Oh, Graham. But isn’t George busy with solving murders?”
Holmes turned his head, bright eyes smiling in that special way that seemed to be reserved for me, only to return his full attention to the tree. He even stood on tiptoes to pass the garland over its top! Seriously, what had happened to that man!
a lover’s quarrel, a “little domestic” as Mrs Hudson loved to call it behind closed doors, we had made up in no time.
It felt like a hundred years until I felt well enough to continue. The walls still seemed to close in on me, but I pushed on. We needed to get out of there. First, it went some meters what I assumed was straight ahead, then a couple of steps downward and at last, we reached another wooden door.
It has been close for two weeks until Christmas, and as it seemed: Sherlock Holmes' plan works well.
When he hurt about the news. Once more back home in Baker Street, Holmes alone seemed to be relieved by the child's death, to my horror. However, he explained immediately: “Make no mistake, my dear Watson. The death of a child is an abominable thing. I am not as callous as you might think. But I have a confession to make and it would have been very painful for me to make to Mrs Nordon.”
When we made our way to Sherrington Hall, silently agreeing that here, where it all had started thirty years ago, it had to end as well, I picked up our talk: “And what happened with his inheritance? It did not go to the church, did it, Holmes? I surely didn’t see a penny.”
John Watson was boxing up the last items in Baker Street. All help offered by friends had been stubbornly declined.
a case that they can’t solve without my help in approximately 25 minutes. Until then, we could... go for another round of sex. What do you think? I might even grant your wish for a blow job. Do you
You do. Sheldon Reynolds did another Sherlock Holmes US TV series (aka Howard!Holmes) in 1954 and Geoffrey Whitehead voiced Moriarty in the 1990s BBC production 'The Newly Discovered Casebook of Sherlock Holmes'.
"Adèle!" Landsbury exclaimed, more and more alarmed by my questions. "Thank God, no. She is only nine years old. I have strictly forbidden her to light a fire in her fireplace on her own. She's too young. Jane is there to watch her and reprimand her for disobedience."
At last, after days of solitude, Baker Street was our home again. Now, Holmes stood with his pipe at the open window where a gentle breath lifted the curtains and refreshed the parlour. All was well, or it would soon be.
I was minding my manners while Sherlock was making a little wave with his hand. He was still looking something up on his mobile. My best guess would be that he has activated his homeless network to get them to investigate the area around the crime scene in Soho.
The funfair might be an aberration but compared to what one could see every day in Brighton? Sherlock Holmes has no interest in bungee jumping at the pier. He had one fall, far too much for a lifetime. The neon signs might blink in rainbow colours to proclaim that Brighton stands together, but John Watson was never a man to stand out in a crowd. He is proud to call Rosie and Sherlock his, and he could share his experiences with a hate crime, but he prefers not to.
back in the old century, Watson had never cared. One minute into our private rooms and the world—including his wife—had been forgotten. I—who remembered our first time—knew that not even a kiss was offered and all his senses were lost when he got me under him. In all the years, we never made love. Now, we are too old—his wounds not only aching in winter and I got my scars inside and outside too—to alter it.
John Watson was no Sherlock Holmes. He remained, as Sherlock had put it so nicely once, an idiot. Yet, he had never received insults like Anderson or Donovan or Wilkes or all of John’s ex-girlfriends.
It’s well past midnight. London is asleep. Only Sherlock Holmes is awake, which isn’t unusual for him as he doesn’t sleep or speak for days on end. At least, until he moved to Baker Street. Since meeting John, Sherlock's erratic pattern stopped. Now, Sherlock turns in, when he hears the gurgling of the pipes that announce that John is in the bathroom, getting ready for bed. So far it has only been broken by John’s nightmares, for which
“Yes, but that would be boring,” Sherlock said with a you-know-me-better-than-that sigh. “Besides, no one’s ever asked. Now. I think we’re just in time to attend the celebration if you’re in the mood for a little fun.”
“There you are!” John exclaimed as he climbed down into the hidden valley. “I’ve been looking for you everywhere. Why’d you have to run off like that?” He wasn’t angry, exactly; mostly he was just worried about his friend, and a little hurt at being left out. But his feelings were soon forgotten when he parted a curtain of curling ferns as tall as he was (Sherlock’s curly hair was just visible over the top) and entered a small, sandy clearing, where the half-built dragon-catching contraption rested on the ground.
“Promise me,” John replied, “that you’ll wait for me.” It seemed to Sherlock that there was more than one meaning to his words.
“The children. They were belowdecks. It was my job to keep the pirates from getting that far. Captain Lestrade and the others were all in the thick of the fight, but me being the youngest warrior, he ordered me to stay back.” John swallowed, remembering what it felt like to witness the battle its midst for the first time instead of hiding behind the wooden door with the rest of the children like he had when he was younger. They’d suffered many attacks over the years, but they’d never lost any children. “You’ll meet them soon – Molly is Captain Lestrade’s daughter, and Sally is an orphan we took in at Brickport. And there’s Archie, do you remember how Yolanda was pregnant when we left? That’s her son. And the others… They… they all looked up to me. I was the youngest of the sailors, but still older than them by nine years or so. And I knew I wasn’t going to let anything happen to them.”
They probably would have gone on examining one another until dawn if the herd of startled deer hadn’t come dashing onto the beach. Having grown accustomed to nothing but the sound of waves crashing on the shore, the racket of the heavy hooved animals thrashing through the undergrowth sent a jolt of shock through his system, causing him to leap to his feet. Evidently the dragon was just as startled, for it spun on its heels and dashed away towards the falls. The deer wheeled about in the sand, confused and terrified at having inadvertently stumbled upon a dragon on the beach; barely paying any heed to Sherlock, who was now running past them in pursuit of the night fury, they ran alongside him for a moment before dashing back into the woods and disappearing into the murky shadows. The falls were just around the bend, he was almost there –
“And I suppose you were supporting this foolish nonsense from the beginning?” John bristled at his condescending tone, but bit back an angry retort.
“Oh, I don’t,” Sherlock agreed, his eyes gleaming dangerously. “But there’s always opportunities for mischief when the drink starts to flow, and I’m getting hungry, thought we could steal a pie or two, oh, I don’t know, stick poison ivy up Philip’s shirt, set fire to someone’s shoes, the usual. So. You coming?”
“Where’s Mother?” John asked, hoping beyond hope that she’d gone to stay with her sister Heather instead of staying with this shell of a man. In a strange way it was almost a relief to know that his father was just as he remembered him, that the seeds of resentment, even hatred, that he harbored in his chest were justified.
“I have nightmares. You are a doctor, John. You can surely identify the signs. I cannot use any chemical aid anymore. I want to stay clean, but I want to sleep. The human body needs sleep, my mind needs rest, urgently.”
"I wouldn't allow myself to denigrate your region, Inspector. I'm just wondering about the capabilities of your gang. For their first attempt, they only killed their prey without asking for ransom."
One last look at the young woman, then we parted ways. I bid Inspector Stanely goodbye and then I returned to Crevecoeur Hall.
variety. Therefore, he wasn’t too shocked when he just caught himself before brushing over her curls when he discovered her in Sherlock’s bed that night, curled up in a ball. Instead, he vowed to himself to stop his nightly routine of checking in Sherlock’s bedroom.
Mrs Nordon finally seemed to regain all her joy and hope. She thanked everyone with lots of smiles and reverences, once a more charming young woman.
“Watson, it’s the science of deduction paired with the new field of medicine: psychology. Both, I think I do not need to elaborate further, dear doctor. The phenomena I am referring to is déjà vu: the feeling that someone has relieved a situation already. In your case, it means that your subconscious—I think that is the term Sigmund Freud used—links the scene with a traumatic incident in your past. Rather elementary, don’t you think?”
He feels his cheeks redden when he remembers the previous night. Is John awake yet, and what’s the protocol afterwards? While Sherlock has got some ideas, he shakes his head to wish them away: until tonight he is The Pianist.
Arriving at the crime scene, I should have been prepared. But despite all my exposure to it, I could not get really accustomed to death. Not outside of a war zone, anyway. I was summoned to my first one during
It is not during the springtime when this story begins. No April rains have soaked deep into the dry ground to water the flowers’ roots; and no Zephyrus, the god of the west wind, has helped new flowers to grow everywhere. Birds sing all year round, as it's their nature.
hyperventilate, he had pressed his fingertips to his temples, groaning in anguish. Or how he had forced himself to blow out breaths to calm himself, his fingers trembling against his skin. His face had been twisted with self-loathing, trying unsuccessfully to blink back tears.
M. H. is hush-hush because some people believe that their baristas are actual mind-readers. They’re simply well-trained. A boot camp by Mr Sherlock Holmes is an eye-opener in the human mind. Observation is the key to good customer service. It shouldn’t be such a revolutionary concept.
Holmes said, clearly moved, "a wise man reminded me recently that everyone has a destiny. My responsibility might solve crimes, but no one can force me to share the solution of the cases with everyone."
During our press conference with the whole media lot, whenever Donovan or I commented on something, all people in the crowd got the text WRONG immediately. Never found out he had pulled that off…”
He had been there, in the City of Sodom, when it had been burned to the ground. Irene, a fellow female Jinn, had replied constantly to Sherlock’s, “You smell like sex... with humans” with a nonchalant, “This is maybe because I enjoy fucking them”. They had been selfish, but they
"My brother might be the British government, and I'm almost certain that he is in charge of the Royal Family’s social media accounts, but even Mycroft Holmes isn't immortal, John. He has his limits and living for 150 years is
"There was a nephew, but they haven't spoken to each other for a long time. Mary! Do you know what became of the colonel's nephew? "
Just one kiss. I loved him and I wanted him to be safe, but I was still cross with him. No one kiss would be sufficient (at least, for now).
"The father of the child is the colonel himself. He is so in love with her he will marry her. But from there to conclude that it was the young woman who set up a plot against Landsbury for this purpose and that she eliminated Adèle to inherit... I do not believe it!"
. Apparently, there were three snippers, and if he didn’t jump three people would die, and one of them was you, Mrs Hudson. Don’t sniffle, yes, you’re some sort of mother figure for him. One big found family, hurrah. And yes, another snipper was for you, Greg. And because you couldn’t probably solve one high profile case in a reasonable timeframe, I came into the picture. You should have listened to Mycroft,
Sadly, I cannot remember when it all started. Or, what I would prefer for more, to make it stop. All is blurring around the edges, all is fading away like quicksand, what is not lost already will be gone soon.
I am going to give you some examples from their love stories over the years, as well as two conversations in the Criterion about life, love, lust and loss, and let you decide.
WATSON: Tell me what you propose to do with that counterfeit package — which you are going to risk your life to get.
"The house has been in my family for ages. My father died here, as well as my grandfather before him. I spent some years here as a young boy and settled down at Crevecoeur Hall after my return from India.
Who has somehow sneaked the honey into the bedroom, and decided during the night, that every Sherlock Holmes needs a partner, and who is better suited for this task than him?
"Not just with Adèle. She's nice to everyone. Everyone loves her a lot… except maybe Robert. But for Robert to love someone, it would take a miracle!" The friendly cook laughed. "But I chat, and maybe you have some questions for me? The police questioned me before, but I heard nothing. I sleep upstairs, you see. And my bedroom is on the other side of the house. Besides, I'm a little deaf. Only a loud noise would wake me up." She smiled at this. Patiently, she waited for our questions.
“Haven’t you heard, Mr Holmes? And here I thought I was delivering old news, and you'd surely be involved by now.”
I was glad to be inside a building again as a storm was approaching. Dark clouds coming nearer, it seemed as if it would rain soon. The temperature had dropped over the run of the day; I wished to be back in the inn already. Entering the storage room, probably for garden
Her father is snoring when the messenger arrives. It’s an invitation to a picnic. There’s no name, but she can detect his handwriting everywhere. She should not, and not only because she leaves her father in the maid's care, but she does it anyway.
"You can confirm, Doctor Watson, that my client is in a nervous state. She’s almost hysterical, yet there is an urgent need to discuss the pressing matters calmly.
Apparently, Watson’s belief that his face betrays nothing is a mistake as Sherlock continues, only now with far too much glee. “I knew it! Come on, John! We can even make a pillow fort. You know how it’s done, right? And bring the alcohol with you as we’re a little too old for hot chocolate.”
It’s I who hum some tunes I overheard on my trip home. This singer - Frank Sinatra - is quite popular. I feel the ghost of a smile on John's face; he was always the romantic.
By then, Sherlock would realise that his wish, just like John’s miracle, had been granted. However, why state the obvious? No, that revelation
I wasted no time in guesswork and entered the mansion through the kitchen door. I had a bit of trouble breaking through the lock, not having my burglar gear with me, but I was soon in the place.
The office room was a small room, which was admirably tidy. Everything was in its place. No files were lying on the furniture. Mr Arbucklehurt was seated at his desk, his hands resting on a large yellow envelope. When we entered, the little lawyer cast an astonished look at my companion. Holmes looked down. The reading of the will, therefore, concerned only three people: Michael Landsbury, Mary-Ann, pretty as a heart without her maid's dress, and the cook Emmy, her eyes still red with tears. Holmes and I sat down beside them. The lawyer began his speech:
“Don’t wait for me. I’m going to have to tell Jessie as soon as possible. She’s going to be excited.”
Finally, he wiped his eyes, sniffed deeply and raised his head, coming to attention in front of a ghost.
I don’t know if the BBC will do anything for its once so iconic show, but we’ll certainly celebrate: them and us. And if they don’t, let’s just say... I came prepared ^^
The police were present, and Inspector Stanley appeared to be in command of an occupying army. His soldiers searched everywhere. Some respected the thickets with attention. My heart ached when I saw these occupations. Could it be that the inspector had discovered something? Was Adèle’s body ... As soon as he saw us, the Inspector joined us. His steps were wide and quick, showing a strong exasperation.
“You, Mr X, are the culprit. You staged those gruesome killings. Of course, you didn’t crucify them yourself as you’re a CEO, you are the man behind the scenes. You hired Dr Neil so that he prepared the poisons and you hired the devout Catholic who also is loyal to the bottle of cheap gin to carry the wooden crosses.”
When we came back to Sherrington for good, Holmes instructed a local boy to set up a bench there. The boy turned out to be the son of Mrs Partridge's daughter and David Jones' son. His name is Daniel. He is a carpenter, good with wood and with keeping secrets. It runs in the family. He did not need an explanation for this project or our next little renovation
power. As John Watson shook his shoulder, the driver moved. John’s hand brushed the man’s face, knocking the man’s sunglasses from his face into his lap.
"You’re right, Sherlock. But how do you know…? The forensic team had their suspicions and the medics on the scene."
“Yes and no, John. What you have to understand is that I’m a Jinn. It’s my profession to know everything about the person I’m granting wishes for—otherwise, how could I do the granting? Some people are reluctant to admit their wishes. Others wish for what is impossible given their circumstances, or others wish for things that, without the knowledge of their character, might harm others. It’s my job to know about the people whose wishes I grant.”
Stamford is a jovial man, always smiling and grinning. He got fat with age, as he says about himself, as married life suits him well. Soon, he will welcome his first grandchild.
Sherrington Hall had lived a sheltered life, closed off for decades. There had been whispers of ghosts, family mysteries, and one or two men lost in time. These days, there was laughter, shouting and life to be heard from afar.
“I let my men arrest Mary-Ann before she fled. I came to save you. We knew you came by yourself to throw yourself into the mouth of the wolf.”
The week after “The Fall” from John Watson’s perspective. After self-pity and self-destruction, he pitches a new idea game to his boss. He calls it: “If Baker Street Could Talk“.
there wasn’t a soul on the street, no drunken arguments to reassure me that life was still going on as normal outside, not so much as a single footstep. I shuddered. Silence had always made me nervous in the past. I preferred the hustle and bustle to silence any day. It was when it was quiet that the bad things happened, or so the war, as well as the time as Sherlock Holmes’ Boswell, had taught me.
She went straight to the sofa, sitting in a position reminding John of Sherlock, more lying on the furniture than anything. However, she declined the offer for tea and biscuits.
Yet, he was wearing scrubs and gloves to not disturb the crime scene. It started unprompted one day, and it had baffled everyone, but all were too afraid to ask why. Now we were both standing at the sidelines. Me and my madman — I couldn’t imagine being more content.
"The sea change, with every tide a different countryside is shaped. Sure, it is a small impact, but it still exists. In Sherrington their life was changed, sure, it seemed little and never discovered by the outside, but it shaped them irrevocably. John Watson is a storyteller, he speaks in metaphors. Just like winter, as he felt that dark feeling of no hope of love and the idea that it was too late, that their lives were ending without even have the golden years. However, the sea brought love back to Sherrington Hall, and they both
Listen, when you’ve been together with Sherlock for such a long time… when you’ve worked alongside him, as a partner, living together even... You think nothing can really catch you unguarded. But that’s bullshit, obviously.
Holmes interrupted me. “Yes. The article. I dare say that you appreciated an explanation. Give me half an hour.”
“No. I was here last night too, tossing and turning in my bed at the thought of my ruined reputation,” I replied.
“Mmm,” he exclaimed, mashing the soft carrot in his mouth and tasting all of the delicious flavors of the soup that had soaked into it. He suddenly remembered how hungry he was. John laughed and turned off the stove, then filled a clean bowl with soup and handed it to Sherlock. “Thank you, John.”
He turned around to see Mycroft standing calmly behind him, his eyes unreadable, his brow furrowed and his mouth set in its characteristic small frown. It seemed as if he had been standing there, perfectly straight and still, for eternity, but Sherlock hadn’t noticed him as he ran past.
“Sherlock! Sherlock, are you alright?” John was kneeling over him, grasping his shoulders, his face, scanning his body for any signs of injury.
“I’m fine,” Sherlock coughed, struggling to sit up, brushing sand out of his hair. It was starting to sink in, the fact that John had saved his life, that John had thrown himself in front of the most dangerous known dragon to protect him. “That… that thing you did. That was, um, good,” he told John.
Before long, John was helping teach the children rather than learning alongside them. Lestrade seemed grateful for the assistance; his own expertise was in seafaring, fighting pirates, and giving orders to his shipmates – not ordering around children and pretending to battle monstrous animals he hadn’t encountered in nine years. John spent extra time with Molly, Archie, and Sally, who had developed a bit of an attachment to him on the voyage, and were extra nervous about fitting in. Molly was shy and quiet but persistent and surprisingly powerful, taking after her father; Archie was enthusiastic to the point of getting dangerously excited about handling new weapons; and Sally was stubborn and snarky, but undoubtedly the best fighter of the three, determined to be accepted by her new family.
“No, I understand why you had to go. But I never understood why I couldn’t go with you.” Now it was his turn to stare out across the ocean, avoiding his friend’s gaze. It came as a complete shock to him when John shifted next to him and placed his hand on his knee, giving him a comforting squeeze. He was even more surprised when John didn’t immediately remove his arm from where it leaned against his. Feeling oddly hyperaware of the exact spot where each of John’s fingers touched the sleeve of his shirt, he forced himself to breathe evenly, and slowly managed to relax, part of him trying not to think about how nice it was because he knew it was unlikely to happen again, while the rest of him savored the experience of being comforted and marveled at the way he seemed to fit against John’s side so perfectly.
My arrival caused a sensation. Inspector Stanley was still present. He must have spent the night at the station, stretched out on an ottoman. He listened to my news with amazement and exasperation. It didn't take long for him to gather his men and follow me to Crevecoeur Hall.
Mrs Hudson was crying silently into her handkerchief, which the DI had handed to her with a slightly apologetic expression. Molly opened her mouth every few seconds to start a sentence but stopped repeatedly. John was a medical man but he couldn’t be arsed to give a diagnosis of his mental state at the moment.
"Ha! You see, that's what I was saying," retorted the woman, who was serving drinks to the few customers at the table. "Take this trail. She must be Irish, and when you know the Irish, you are no longer surprised."
a quick spark crossed the intelligent gaze of the detective, followed by a mischievous smirk, “It’s a popular custom. I can show you my studies tomorrow when you come to Baker Street to pass the greetings of the season to Mrs Hudson."
For a minute, we remained silent. Holmes was feeling uneasy because of his emotional outburst while I secretly cherished such moments.
five years ago. He beat her fiercely and was sickly jealous. She was afraid of dying one day by his hand. She had notified the police after she was finished at the hospital, but the police never took charge of this matter. Mrs Nordon, therefore, left her husband. The advertisement for the governess’ position, so far from London, seemed to be heaven-sent."
Later Greg texted us the identity of the second victim. The similarities to the previous day were staggering. Both were presumed to be hate crimes.
Never had he had someone touch his perineum outside professional capacity, and Dr John H. Watson vowed to himself to never make that error again. Sherlock went for the kill, and Captain John Watson
“A respectable doctor, a proper gentleman, don’t I know it, John. And therefore, no one will care what you do during the night. You’re a chancer, Dr John H. Watson. Take one last chance.”
Can you imagine that there were people who knew about them but looked the other way or even supported them in secret?
: And for you, DI Lestrade? How was it for you? You’ve worked with Sherlock Holmes for almost a decade, and almost two years, together with Dr Watson. How do you feel, in particular, in the aftermath of proving his innocence publicly?
"Yes, but look at the fortune of James Winslow! It is easy to understand why Officer Lansbury agreed to break the rule to marry a girl of the middle class. "
People should stop and stare at them, Baker Street bustling with people, noise and smell everywhere, but London continues to exist as if today is a regular day.
The quote about John (= Salim) introducing himself as a mortal man and declaring that he's with him (= Jinn) is from season 2 of AMERICAN GODS. Wherever the star-crossed lovers go on their road trip, he always says this line. Sorry for the potential spoilers!
His “Good evening” is more a question than a greeting, and it hits me almost as much as his broken voice. Where is his commanding air? His
In the end, we needed little. “Take what you need,” I said to him, “my love,” and my lover whimpered and thrust.
Imagine my surprise when instead of a walking stick or a hat, I faced a mistletoe! Even more peculiar: Holmes seemed to intend to put it on our mantelpiece.
We made our way to the coastline. I followed Holmes as if in a trance. When we neared the cliff, I was close to blacking out. I tried to reason with myself: surely, it was the memory of
So my grandfather's estate wasn't far away? What should he do? The old man I barely remembered? Surely he would be scandalized. But alas, I didn't even recall his voice and only recalled some fragmented pieces of his features. We had a similar voice, even I don't know why I stored away that information. Maybe he was an avid storyteller, and I owed my talent for it. From my grandfather, I mused.
https://www.theguardian.com/music/2020/nov/25/chopins-interest-in-men-airbrushed-from-history-programme-claims
We toasted to our return, and it was not only our housekeeper that got misty-eyed. The wine was a rich red, one that had been gifted to us by Mycroft Holmes last month. Originally, Mrs Hudson had planned to bring it out for Christmas, but today fitted as well.
Oh, I wish I had more time to tell you all about Doyle: what it was like before John Watson returned, how lonely Sherlock Holmes had been then, and about the great battle that had sent Watson home and started it all.
"Hah, Watson!" he groaned. "What has happened to the criminal fraternity? Where are their invention and creativity? Three months have passed since any singular crime came my way—you recall the Case of the Exploding Beehive? Since then, nothing but poison-pen letters and stolen bicycles."
Holmes did not answer immediately. Instead, he clutched Adèle's photograph in his hands. He looked at it for a long, silent minute.
The Watson-Holmes family had spent an afternoon reading the notes. It was a censored version, a demand by John Watson. Sherlock had agreed reluctantly but had demanded that when Rosie would be older, she should read the complete tale.
Understand: Sherlock Holmes was standing in 221b, alive, and relatively clean, and they’ve got a case. His violin playing was horrible, the deduction all wrong, and Beatrice was correct on all accounts: “Is this what you were talking about earlier about him being brilliant? ‘Cause, this is gold, pure gold.”
a stomach ache regularly on his birthdays, as he had overindulged in a cake. I had been envious of him, as he could eat as much as he liked and never gained an extra pound. I… Holmes used to say that it was a sign of domesticity.
https://www.srf.ch/kultur/musik/spaetes-outing-chopin-war-schwul-und-niemand-sollte-davon-erfahren (in German, the original research and background of the investigative journalist)
For a second my partner stopped and I glimpsed for a heartbeat, not the genius but the man. He rarely displays emotion in such situations as he’s never as dedicated to absolute reason as in moments of deduction and observation. But this is another side of Sherlock Holmes, one mostly hidden, and I desperately wished to shield him from such vile creatures.
John picked up an old copy of the London Times from the table. He waited, glancing from his watch to his newspaper to the clock on the wall.
One, two, three, then there was movement behind me, a hand was clamped across my mouth, then an arm locked around my throat, the grip was expert. I could not breathe or move.
If Sherlock doesn’t want to suffer from arthritis in retirement, he should look after himself better. His doctor — not John – has reminded him of that fact repeatedly. It’s not that Mike Stamford isn’t correct — he’s a good doctor, even though he’s not John – but it’s a nuisance.
We climbed a shallow hill that brought us out on a huge greensward high above the beach, a timeless green landscape. Cow parsley bloomed in the white foam at waist height. In the grassy dunes and hummocks, I imagined Holmes to interpret a hiding place for those inclined to hide. The ground was full of rabbit holes and their droppings squished like raisins under our soles.
"I thought she was a good woman, but there are rumours she will soon marry the colonel. He is a good catch. That was probably her intention all along. It was reported before."
, wife of Paul Nordon, a notary clerk. This woman is said to have entered Colonel Landsbury's service for marrying him. Besides, isn't she pregnant and on the way to officially becoming the new Lady Landsbury? Adèle’s disappearance would come at the right time for this schemer.
My companion hadn't moved, coldly observing the scene. The two policemen seized the young woman, who had not struggled. And Miss Parker… well, Mrs Nordon… disappeared in a carriage, still claiming to be innocent.
Kudos & comments are love. Tell me what you think and maybe what you wished to read for our two men in love in the coming December!
"It wasn't necessary, after all, we don’t ..." he stopped abruptly, holding his breath when he realized what he was about to say. He looked at his companion with a guilty and mortified expression, he certainly didn't deserve such a sentence from him, he really loved him after all.
“As the Colonel said, Robert was employed as a coachman. He tinkered with, gardened, took care of the horses ... Easy for this handyman to make a false key and hide the drugs in the housekeeper's drawer.
): Now, Watson! How perfectly absurd of you to come marching in here, fairly reeking with the odour of iodoform, and with the black mark of nitrate of silver on the inner side of your right forefinger and ask me how I
HOLMES: Good day, sir. Perhaps you like your Victorian-era Sex Toy back before it goes to auction tomorrow. I heard the starting bid is between 600 and 900 pounds.
We, or more, he had solved a mystery a week ago, which meant that boredom was his constant companion once again. Further, another cold front had hit our city this morning, which made public transport a hassle. If there were any potential clients, they surely couldn't reach our doorstep safely. So far to the context of Holmes' ennui. He gulped down coffee, complaining that it was cold. He threw down the paper, fretting that the criminal classes had abandoned London, and overall, everything was lost since Moriarty had left the scene.
"And now their daughter gets kidnapped. This is a series of misfortunes which much leave the colonel embittered.
It is close to midnight and behind closed doors, but it is not safe and never will be. Yet, the blacksmith senses John Watson’s further depravity: that he craves danger. That it thrills him to be dominated by him.
“So you no longer believe her guilty?” Holmes said, blowing on the hot tea young Mary-Ann had just served him with a very amiable smile.
“Thank God, Watson, I had almost feared that you were already tired of our relationship,” Holmes teased. I could imagine all too vividly the sparkling eyes of my lover. Oh, yes, the passion between us was still burning and our love far from vanishing. To spent only some hours in the company of Mrs Hudson on 221b Baker Street the next day. Impossible. I had not sent a telegram to announce my visit, but Holmes had hoped for it, anyway. Deduced and observed, he would surely say. Oh, this man...
stuffing his clothes into a bag, he made a mental note to go on a shopping trip soon. They needed to stock up on lube and condoms. He grinned, a bit smugly, and tossed his trademark jumper in the washing bin.
Now John wants to trash it and possibly the chair in which Sherlock had sat cross-legged too. Where he just dropped
When the confrontation and the confession followed, he raised his shields one last time — a bunch of adolescents — and then dropped it.
The evening is packed as Watson shops excessively. Thank God for carriages and to have gained a daughter who surely is delighted to receive some gifts. Watson ought to have asked her before buying frocks, but the shop assistants were ever so helpful.
"Miss Parker. She was to make the little one say her prayers. Then, Adèle drank her tea. It's a ritual her mother had introduced."
could hold him, to kiss him, to cherish him as I had longed for years now? Never had I heard the creaking of the wooden stairs that loudly. Even when we were so close to the door to our shared room, I expected Mrs Partridge to show up and interrupt us, stop us, alert the police. Until we had reached the bed, I had played all scenarios in my head and my agitation and ragged breath were not only because of the proximity of Holmes.
John walked over to one of the two armchairs, plumped up a cushion on the chair, and then dropped heavily down into it. Yes, this could be nice, he thought.
The next day I witnessed a shocked Mr Landsbury, confronted with a layered-up and therefore much more confident than Mrs Nordon.
“Just like Mrs Hudson and I are friends of yours, so we like to have a warning. Should I treat our ever-patient landlady to a nice cream tea somewhere posh? Mycroft gets the bill, naturally.”
On the day they met, they had shared a meal in the Criterion. Few words had been exchanged, but many looks. Then, instead of departing, Holmes had gone to the smithy and Watson had followed him.
"It sounds like a statement, you know?" Holmes still amused himself by increasing the redness in my face. I looked away.
"What do you say?" Holmes turned his head to look at Watson with shining eyes, smiling at him in that special way he reserved only for him. Then he returned all his attention to the tree and he stood on his toes just enough to let the wreath pass over its top, beginning to decorate it.
Or it hasn't been until now. Because with every tune, the sound of the gunfire gets softer. You cannot hurt people fatally when music is around. Maybe some madmen could shoot people with their playlist, but soldiers are just weaponized men. They've been turned into machines, but they've kept their heart.
Forcing myself to calm down, I returned to sit opposite Holmes and tried to take an interest in the medical papers in my lap.
The shepherd’s pie was good enough and sensing my willingness to listen to him once more, Holmes said: “We will have to redouble our vigilance, Watson. The trap is set.”
Therefore, I spent the evening cancelling all appointments for the following week with a smile on my face.
Holmes was noting something in his journal. However, when I arrived at the table, he closed it and dropped it into his pocket. He was wearing the clothes from yesterday, and he still looked like a gentleman. How had he tamed his curls? I felt inadequate with my flushed cheeks, tousled hair and loosened collar from the seaside.
Holmes took us to a simple inn in Norwich, where we took three rooms. We could have gotten away with two rooms, so Holmes and I could share one, but apparently, I had no saying in anything at the moment. Mrs Nordon didn't ask questions, letting the detective lead in resisting. Before she retired to bed, Holmes insisted she should not leave the room and rest.
When I wake up again, all is different. Yet, everything is also familiar because my Watson is by my side.
Sherlock lectured us on the difference between the “normal” cross and one used here: "St Andrew would have considered it too great a blasphemy to crucify anyone the same way as Christ, so would have used the diagonal cross instead."
With these last words, Holmes fell silent and surveyed the surroundings. Despite ourselves, we had returned near the vault. The voices of the police reached us. They are now searching inside the house. Some even had to dig somewhere. Holmes examined the tall elm tree on which Landsbury had hung in desperation. The detective then looked at the land and the surroundings. Finally, he entered the lightless vault. Did Holmes have eyes piercing enough to penetrate the darkness of the torchless tomb?
“I dunno,” John said, and he wasn’t even lying; the dragon could have gone anywhere. “He ran off, you know how he is. He wanted to be alone.”
“What do you mean, what?” Sherlock snapped back, though he kept his voice low too, just in case any villagers had wandered nearby.
With that he turned and made his way into the forest, jogging swiftly along the fastest route to the village, a new purpose burning in his veins and lending him a new energy.
Soon he became aware that his father was muttering to himself. In spite of his reservations, John paused from hammering in one of the stakes to see if he could discern what he was talking about.
“Right,” John said again. Silence fell between them once more, and Sherlock thought it was the good kind of silence, the companionable kind – but the more he thought about it, the more anxious he became that he was wrong, that John was surely waiting for him to respond, so he did.
, since she was still in good enough condition. I worked for a local healer and even managed to save a little money, but I gave it all to Harry before we left; it was the least I could do. If I’d stayed I would have been able to go to her wedding. But I couldn’t stay, even though I was happy there. I felt like it was my duty to stay with the crew and come back to Berk, you know? To my parents. I still felt like I owed them. Besides, Harry was happy with Clara, and I had no one. It would have been lonely, living in a city surrounded by happy people. I don’t know.”
“No – gods, no. No, I’m not interested in marrying – I don’t even know any of those – eligible young women, no.” John was mortified; it hadn’t occurred to him that Mycroft would take it upon himself to rope him into some useful position while he was so put on the spot. He was fine with the way things were now, and how could he make that kind of a choice in one panicked moment?
“Yes, I suppose that’s true,” John conceded with a small laugh. “Although the last secret between us that I properly remember was the one about you setting fire to the north shore so that everyone would think the dragons lived there and avoid the place, and I doubt that lasted long after I left.”
“No, it can’t make it through the water safely. It’s weak from its wound - another shock could kill it, and it knows it.” Sherlock felt another pang of guilt. “I’m going to go back in the morning to try to help it. I don’t think it’ll hurt me. I think it knows I’m trying to fix this.”
But now that his dragonfire had burnt out, he realized how hungry he was; he probably wouldn’t make it until dinner without some sort of sustenance. He’d snagged a few late blackberries and green apples on his way into the forest, but not nearly enough to fill his growing stomach. Gathering up his notebook, walnut ink, and kite-feather quill, he slipped his bag over his shoulder and set off through the forest, following his favorite deer path down through the winding hills, his feet padding lightly on redwood needles and occasionally crackling on their small dry cones. He scratched notes in his roughly drawn map as he passed familiar landmarks – the lightning struck tree, the split rock, the fern cliff, the mossy hollow, the sandy stream bank, the hidden waterfall. His favorite place to go was the hollow redwood next to the deep pool at the base of the falls; the interior had been filled with decomposing acorns when he discovered it – a squirrel’s stash? But he’d cleared it out and filled it with soft mosses, a perfect hideaway for unexpected summer rainstorms or days when Mycroft threatened to throw him into the sea if he didn’t behave. He couldn’t stop there today, though, so he went on, continuing downhill until he could see glimmering blue slivers of the ocean through the trees.
“Promise me you’ll be careful when you’re gone,” Sherlock said suddenly, desperately. It was a strange reversal of roles; John was usually the one making him promise to be careful, not the other way around.
Gradually, the trees thinned out and he emerged onto the rocky, grass-swept hills that defined the east side of Berk. He could see wisps of gray smoke puffing over the horizon; that meant the raging fires of the night before had all been tamed, and the village was returning to its normal habits, starting up the cooking fires and keeping the forge fires alive and ready. He remembered one afternoon when he’d been out exploring and the dragons had attacked; when he’d returned, he’d seen columns of black smoke billowing up from the village, and he’d known instantly what had happened. One of the nice things about dragons was that they were fairly predictable; after the attack last night, it was unlikely they’d be back for fortnight at the very least. Scrambling down into a shallow valley between two hills swathed in gorse and heather, Sherlock paused to drink deeply from a cold spring that bubbled out from a crack between the rocks and pooled in a shallow dip before sinking back into the earth. He could never stand drinking the well water in the village; it tasted too gritty and stale. Drinking spring water, though, felt like drinking life.
“One day,” Sherlock tried to say, and couldn’t. Toothless encircled him with his warm body and settled down with his bright green eyes fixed sadly on Sherlock’s face, rumbling in sympathy.
to catch that dragon. He hadn’t told John the real reason he wanted to study a dragon up close; putting it into words felt like a curse, like a dream dissolving upon waking. But here, breathing in deep, tipping even farther out the window, he could admit to himself that what he wanted more than anything was to be able to fly. Studying dragons in flight was impossible during battle; he needed to see one up close. He practically itched with desperation to learn the mechanics of flight. No sleep for him tonight; as soon as John came upstairs and was settled in the next room, he’d drop from the window and sneak off to Philip’s forge to steal supplies for making the net.
The cars crawled forward in the rain. The cab picked up speed. The tension inside the car grew with each meter.
I cherished every new one, “my love, my darling, my dearest.” Did it make me weak, did it make me less of a man? No. It raised me. With words came kisses and touches, and
“Tomorrow, my dear Watson, you will hear about it all. I promise you. For now, however, let us to bed. I don’t want to talk further about this case tonight.” He whispered
Holmes’ only answer was a small grin. We both grabbed a chair to sit close to our client. Miss Parker joined us, standing behind Landsbury’s chair.
For many years since it has been the repository of an archive, admittedly a ragged and disordered archive, a collection of notes and some scribbling concerning some of the most interesting cases of my lifelong friend and partner, the consulting detective, Sherlock Holmes.
Once we reached the bedroom, Holmes sat on the bed. His features were tiring. I scrambled to his left foot, but he waved me aside.
risen over the years, hard-earned and at great costs, literally. He nods, takes the cake and bids her farewell.
With a new iron rod, Sherlock Holmes hammers on his anvil. The intense sound is his own personal symphony. He is the conductor of such beautiful music. His tool is perfectly formed within minutes. Soon he begins with his personal favourite part: the moulding of the blade.
Maybe it’s Holmes’ guilty secret? A potential push towards awareness to self-love? You don’t have to feel guilty for loving something? “Chris Martin is Sherlock Holmes’ Man-Crush” Blabla.
Fair warning: it's getting grim from this point onwards. Check the added tags and warning! I promise: NO major character death, but in chapter 4 we'll get the first death. We're leaving the cozy crime territory and entering the thriller genre.
Where he stood, there was no fence. He could look over the edge, but he did not want to get too close and tempt vertigo. Sherlock Holmes, the man who had invented his own particular profession a lifetime
I whisper endearments in his ears, as well as propositions for later when we retire to one of our bed chambers. With every minute passing by, I get bolder; heady feeling to be in love and to be loved in return. Oh, and how his cheeks are flushed already. Pretty as a picture!
When I entered the room, which had been the private paradise of me and my lover for many months now, a surprise was waiting for me.
Don't expect love. All the members of the board will offer you criticism, connections, or a comment regarding your good looks.
“Yes, it’s elementary, John.” She’s doing it on purpose, ramming the knife into his body and twisting it at maximal force. She’s allowed. He has not saved her mother, twice. “You are going to adopt Bea. She needs a family, a proper one, and a father and you’re the best on offer.”
“Mr Holmes, you've finally come. I have not been myself since Adèle disappeared. The local police and Inspector Stanley are convinced my daughter is dead. My servants are the same. But I can't believe it without proof. Show me that my little girl is dead, Mr Holmes, and I will believe you. I am going mad with all the waiting, the fear and the anxiety.
John had there at ten-thirty, half an hour before his appointment. Now he sat there, flushed and shivering, wondering if he was running a fever. The time ticked by so slowly.
BILLY: I beg to pardon, sir, Mr Forman’s just sent over from the chemist’s on the corner to say ‘is head is a-paining him a bit, and would Dr Watson kindly step over and get
When he came out of the shower, wet, with a towel wrapped about his mid-section, Sherlock was waiting for him in his bedroom.
“Well, let us say that such a science is seminal. It is exactly that problem which I am wrestling in the house's basement. I set up a laboratory of sorts down there where I can conduct some experiments. Progress is promising. If the results are as I expecting, they will certainly send Tobias Organ to the gallows. However, Organ is an utterly ruthless villain. He is undoubting guilty of several murders but smart enough to blame it on others. If he would gain even an inkling of my work, you would be in the utmost danger.”
"I was beyond myself, and I am sorry. It was wrong. I can see that now. But…" The man took another sip, then put down the glass with force, "the man was not the right one for her!" The last part of his tale was almost a shout.
I gained more riches in life than I thought I would. I achieved a great career; I solved many mysteries, including that of the fountain of youth; and I made friends, one in particular.
“Rise, Margot! It’s Sunday. We go to church. Put on your best dress, hurry. The people should not believe I am not the man in the house.” Molly Hooper wakes up slowly, barely registering her father’s sudden activity. “And after service, we will go for a walk, maybe to the next town, visit your aunt. What do you think? It’s such a sunny day. Or do you want to stay in bed?”
The two men faced the horizon together, listening to the drag and deposit of shingle in the waves. It was a repetitive, hypnotic sound that brought about an eerie peace deep within them. London had always felt like the middle of the world to them. Right now, Harbour Cliff Beach felt like the edge.
"John… You followed me all those years. I cherished it even not always in the open. Our work, no, mostly mine, was your priority. Even when I returned, you forgave me and left your marital as well as your professional life almost immediately. And here, when I proposed a new level of intimacy, you opened up body and soul. You were and are my conductor of light and my Boswell. Once you called me the best and wisest man you had ever known - which I applied to you as well. Do not scoff, I am certain - so it is only elementary to come here. At last, it should be your turn. You wanted to come back, and I
While we prepared for the Christmas festivities—and Holmes even put on some mistletoe—unknown to us, the ever-loyal wife fulfilled the master plan of her murderous husband...
“It was wrong to have said nothing…” This was Sherlock’s first attempt at an apology that night. “I didn’t expect you to be so affected.”
WATSON: The journal of Doctor John H. Watson: general medical practitioner, humble servant of Her Majesty’s armed forces, co-inventor of the Vigour Horse-Action
“I'm sorry, Mr Landsbury, but the Colonel's will is very clear on this point. You inherit nothing since a natural child of your uncle will be born.”
His army pension kept him barely housed and fed; even then, he was living beyond his means. When he had enlisted fresh out of university, it had seemed so huge a sum; now, it was evaporating faster than John had believed possible.
All I know was that one day we were homeless, as a bomb had destroyed 221b and major parts of Baker Street, and the next we were packing for Dorset. Perhaps one day the true story will be told, but certainly not by me.
Bea’s compromise catches John unaware: Jessie will come over but will sleep in the guest room. “For old times' sake, please.” Watson's recently adopted daughter looks at them expectantly.
"You've been here before," Sherlock had chided him accusingly, and back then John had denied it. "Admit it." His partner had come close in his private space, and John had felt his gaze on him. Yet, it didn't
shivering or getting goosebumps on his forearms. It’s just Sherlock’s sudden body heat is irritating, foreign and alienating; yet Watson forces himself to not lean in Sherlock’s direction. It’s just a Pavlovian response: Sherlock calls and Watson follows; it’s the same since the beginning; it’s nothing
The walk did wonders for my mood. Now I could finally admire the Dorset countryside. It might not trigger my memory, but the writer in me rejoiced in it.
Next on the to-do list is taming his curls with hair gel. He ignores the pictures in his mind: him, being almost petted by John; him, purring and being content.
Before leaving for good, Holmes wishes to meet the lawyer one last time to find out the name of the universal legatee. I was waiting for him outside the door, not wanting to see this awful character again and already knowing the answer.
While Sherlock was doing some experiments, John had written up medical and criminal reports. It was a routine
The heat absorbed during the day now was radiating back to thicken the evening air. The world outside which I had no news became gradually silent and I, hungry and disconsolate, went finally to bed.
The door that connected this room with the front of the basement was six or seven short paces away. I tested each step before lowering my weight and moved with the floating motion of a rather overweight pantomime artist.
The good widow, Mrs Partridge, had been agreeable without a ruse yesterday, and that should have been suspected on its own. The alternative would be to let her never meet Mrs Hudson. However, that outcome was better than a blackmail case.
Michael had been waiting for this for a long time, too. He, who was still riddled with debt, played his role of raven and deceiver to perfection. Mary-Ann and Michael had chosen Robert as a suspect from the start. Robert had to disappear and be killed. Michael would take care of it.
“John, we don’t even have all the ingredients.” Valid point, Sherlock believes. “I’m banned from Tesco. And you hate shopping. Remember your incident with the chip-and-pin-machine?”
I was as confused as our client. We both could not follow the deduction from my partner. He set off the bomb in mere seconds:
Mrs Nordon gave me a haunted look, looking more a ghost and less than a living soul with every shuddering breath.
Out of the blue, Sherlock had presented this case. John had been suspicious but grateful; of course, he had followed him to Dorset. Old habits die hard, or so he had chided himself silently during the drive. Sherlock had been behind the wheel. John sat in the front, anxiously looking back at Rosie in her seat. She could get fussy, and it was a long drive. However, the toddler surprised them both: she slept. Maybe Sherlock's music selection had been on point. They had been relaxed too, John teasing him about not consulting a map or asking a local when it became apparent that they had taken the wrong way, and Sherlock's sulk was purely for show. They had bickered and Sherlock's, "if you can do it better, do it," was a challenge and teasing in equal measure. They switched places and John indeed found the way to Sherrington with no help.
“Landsbury left a farewell message telling about the dead Adèle and the guilty Jane. He must have cracked. There is no logic in suicide.”
Such thoughts polluted my restless brain and tormented my subconsciousness. In addition, adding to all this lay a sense that all was not clear, that something crucial remained unspoken.
, not to be cruel to you in this state by using that you will lose. Out of respect for my uncle, I am ready to share the inheritance.”
WATSON: Oh well! Life is a small affair at the most — a little while — a few sunrises and sunsets — the warm breath of a few summers — the cold chill of a few winters — (
All I wanted was to be back in Baker Street already. There, warmed by the fire, tea and good company, I could appreciate the season. With Holmes by my side, our London was transformed, and I was not immune to its charm.
It was not Major John Sholto’s voice that had called out to him, nor had it been loyal Bill Murray who had dragged him to safety.
A week of radio silence from John Watson, for reason unknown. After being melancholic, Sherlock Holmes makes the best of it and composes “If Baker Street Could Talk”.
When Sherlock stands before him with a crooked half-smile, John Watson doesn’t understand the world any longer — which is saying something considering the whole paranormal activity in Victorian London recently.
It took some more tears and convincing until the two women finally left. At last, I could observe the scene, using my time until Robert’s return with the police.
Soon only Holmes, Lestrade, and I remained at the pier. The police officers had dragged away from the now docile Mr Marley. Tonight was the end of Jacob Marley, a notorious moneylender, blackmailer and insurance fraud. His criminal empire has fallen, and soon he would face the gallows: he was the one who had murdered Bernie.
Sherlock had spent the anniversary of the fall at the graveyard. He had taken the risky trip on a whim. It had been a thrill; an adult version of hide-and-seek, an escape room only from him, a reminder that the game was still on. He had breathed in his city, rejoiced in its beating heart, and for an hour, and it had been almost bearable. Alternatively, he had done so until John had shown up and had delivered his speech. Sherlock could not bear it; hidden behind a marble angel as if he had been a hero like his John had claimed him to be and not, instead of a fraud, a fallen angel.
Desperate as I was for a company, I could not forget the promise I made to Holmes to attend no visitors.
To understand how Sherlock Holmes and John Watson ended up here (here: euphemism for sex), you need to understand that Mrs Hudson is an Alto, so she tries to sing the higher notes of
“You’ve rarely done this, have you,” Sherlock Holmes says slowly. “That’s a shame. When you clearly need it so badly.”
his country. I did not know where to look, blushing terribly, and questioning which was the worst outcome: that Holmes was affronted by the good women's implication or that he would take one look at me and deduce that I wished to do so but I was unable.
"I know you're an invalided soldier, recently returned from fighting in the war. You have an arrow wound in the shoulder but it's made you lame as well - a sickness of the brain, not the limb. That's enough to be going on with, don't you think?" He puts on a sardonic smile. The man will run in no time, they always do. "Sherlock Holmes. I'm the blacksmith in Doyle."
A hidden treasure, unknown by many, and often suspected not to be as beautiful as Thomas Hardy made readers believe. When Wessex does not exist, put together from all places in Dorset, then the county could not be authentically beautiful. However, it was.
Holmes stopped outside the bedroom door. He turned to me and whispered curtly, looking annoyed and angry: “You were right, John. Colonel
Pride cometh before a fall, and to err is human. I was more emotional to the outside observer than my partner — and this could be a good thing until it wasn’t.
"You know how it is, dear granny doesn't have to know about my new Christmas spirit or she could take advantage of it to make me do some tedious work, and then if she doesn't keep herself busy she gets bored," answered the dark while a small smile amused he stretched his thin lips.
“If he didn't want to be accused of bigamy, he had better come to an amicable settlement. The faith of Sherlock Holmes!
For hours, while the sunlight was dancing on the carpets and wooden floors, they had shared 221b’s drawing-room.
the most bizarre event in a small town called Sherrington. You stayed there some thirty years ago during your teenage years at your grandfather’s home.”
John Watson ran up the stairs to reach a room that, for many months now, had become their private lover's little paradise. And, once he had opened the door, he stopped abruptly.
Gillette took great liberties with the character, such as giving Holmes a love interest. While Conan Doyle was initially uncomfortable with these additions, the success of the play softened his views; he said, "I was charmed both with the play, the acting, and the pecuniary result." Doyle later recounted how he had received a cable from Gillette inquiring, "May I marry Holmes?", to which Conan Doyle replied, "You may marry him, murder him, or do anything you like to him." The love interest was modelled on Irene Adler's role in "A Scandal in Bohemia", with Gillette reinventing the character and renaming her "Alice Faulkner".
) — a dangerous game — but I was playing it! — It will never be the same! No more games — I have had enough! It is my last case!
Desperate, Sherlock grabbed him by the neck, crushing their mouths together as they fell back onto the mattress. Sherlock’s hand travelled to John’s back, and then his arse, tugging as if he wanted to fuse them on the spot.
Just like John’s, as his heart wants to beat once more. John wants to listen to Sherlock's play forever. So he has to stay alive.
Silva: It's about her, and you, and me. You see, we are the last two rats, we can either eat each other... [lascivious grin]... or we can eat everyone else. Ah, you're trying to think back to your training. What's the regulation to cover this? Oh, well... [strokes Bond's thighs]... there's a first time for everything.
My coat was soaked, and I wondered why I was not freezing more. Perhaps I was past it all, as London seemed so far away. The storm came and
“As I say, Watson, Organ is ruthless. To get at any enemy, his favourite trick is to abduct someone close to his adversary. Often with, I am afraid, horrific consequences. You know too much now and since I am not prepared to put at risk in that way, I fear you must sit it out in these apartments. You must not answer the door, you must stay away from the window, you must not allow any visitors and you must live the life of a prisoner, until such time that this matter is settled.”
New Year's Eve... what A Year. I'm not going to blabber and simply say, "Thank You for following me and my little story. It was definitely one of the few bright spots."
It should not be liberating to shout it, but it was. If one had such unnatural feelings, one should never speak about it, let alone scream so loud that people might overhear it.
Therefore, Sherlock is pretty confident that John's star sign is Taurus, but he needs to get his hands on John’s birth certificate first. With it, he can find out John’s middle name too, something that John has hinted at but was irritatingly quiet about so far. (His best guess is Hamish, but Sherlock Holmes doesn’t guess.)
I hardly recognized the frightened voice of Mary-Ann. Instantly, I was awake. I rushed to the door, quickly putting on my dressing gown. The maid’s face was pale. She looked defeated, distraught.
I nearly composed a heated reply when I spotted the gleaming eyes of Sherlock Holmes. I played along. “Well then, I recommend you take another turn in the delightful cold and wait until I am finished to join you for a nice stroll through the park. What do you think, Holmes?”
“You get your man!” Her eyes are bright. She doesn’t pretend to be occupied with something else. Tonight she acts like a parent giving their child over in marriage. “Give Sherlock a kiss from me, won’t you?”
“No, Watson. Ignore the ankle; it is not important now. You will be my legs and my eyes. As we all know, you’re constantly underestimated.”
They play a deduction game. While strictly they don’t keep score to anyone's surprise, Bea wins. Sherlock is only mildly put off. John barely contains his pride.
Slim shook his head. "No, Basil. Been a while." Then he whispered, while putting two beers in front of us, "Heard he is at
Martha Hudson might not have witnessed many concerts, but she instinctively registers the unusual, almost bubbly mood. Rarely Sherlock is prone to smiling with his eyes, and his shoulder loosened. Mummy had seen her boy putting on a brave face in his younger years, pretending to be alright. He wasn’t normal, and he acted the part on principle as a teenager. Gifted child - it had been a curse most days. As he grew up, he understood that his parents wanted the best for him, but their interests rarely matched his. They tried as hard as Sherlock himself, but both parties failed spectacularly. Mycroft was a mediator, meddling along, and he flourished at this job but also got too sure of himself: he wasn’t a fixer, because his brother doesn’t need fixing. All he needs is love. And Mrs Hudson has plenty for her boys on Baker Street.
After Holmes had vanished God-knows-where, I pondered whether I should go back to the inn. The weather, the season and my only shortly restored health called for it, but my feet subconsciously led me to the beach. There, possibly like I had all those decades ago, I sat and witnessed the crashing waves. The air was fresh and clear.
Mrs Hudson had returned to Baker Street and provided Holmes and me with an excellent evening meal. It was a Sunday roast, and we praised her wholeheartedly.
“You, sir, are guilty as sin, and I- no, we, my partner and I — despise you. But mark my words: The queer community is stronger than people like you. We’ll survive and thrive and continue to live and love.”
Sherlock’s bedroom, John almost breaks down the door when the handle isn’t opening at the first contact. His hands are shaking. His business partner’s well-being has always been his weak spot.
he could spot my moods. Why had he abandoned me now? Bloody Dorset! The blurred memories and Jones’ strange story, his pitiful stare and Holmes’ harsh treatment of me, followed me everywhere I went.
And oh, how thin he has become. The absence of his little belly tugs at my heart. Of the two of us, Watson had been the one to love, to indulge. We had dined out often in Victorian London, and the good Mrs Hudson had enjoyed cooking and baking our favourites.
“One thing, Jones, if I may: the police had certainly investigated? Where there really no clues about his fate?”
John forces himself to drink his tea in unhurried sips; his hand holding the cup is certainly not shaking. He watches Sherlock using his knife like a sword; manners have never been his forte.
“It’s a science only in the imagination,” Holmes said. “And even I am certain that one day it will be more than that, there is much more work to be done than I
“A good man and a great one”, do you agree, Mr Anderson? And do you believe that Dr Watson as a new consultant for the NSY can be a needed help?
He had wanted to sneer, but all he had done back then was to get hopelessly drunk on cheap booze until the tears were coming and
“Of course, not, my dear boy. I forged it, Watson; I have seen the draft, so I knew the father’s handwriting. The rest was child’s play.”
Glasses followed glasses, questions followed questions. Holmes gained the pub owner’s confidence with no difficulty, posing as a reporter investigating the abduction of Adèle. The pub owner seemed delighted to be interviewed. After a bit of small talk about the village and the terrible weather, Holmes got to the key aspect.
Lastly, he was a storyteller. He knew when he was in one. But surely, he had no clue how it would end. Would he wake up some time later and this all would be a strange dream? He will play his part at the side of this enigmatic man—if only for a time.
When John admits, while the end credits are rolling, that James Bond isn't doing much for him, but that the new Q isn't looking that bad, Sherlock is tempted to blurt out that he resembles the actor slightly.
Demonstratively, Sherlock walks over to Watson’s bed. Sherlock snatches the pillow up and punches it to his liking. Then he lies down.
“But,” she said more confidently, “you should have warned of your return. We would have your room prepared.”
Soon we were driving through the quiet countryside. We had left Norwich behind us, but there was still the forest to pass through. Night had fallen. The sky was of a pink colour that announced snow. Holmes did not loosen his teeth. Only Mrs Nordon was smiling.
I knew that crisscrossing the floor of our room at the inn was not helping. God forbid someone would overhear my muttering.
WATSON): Precisely. This strange case of Professor Moriarty, reborn from The Reichenbach. Not unlike as myself... (
Sherlock was not. "Oh, Lestrade, it was wise to consult with me first. You would have embarrassed yourself if you'd asked someone else. This one is child's play: every letter stands for a day of the week. F means Friday, and what’s today?"
Some journalists already fire up headlines, like “OMG! So meta: The Pianist plays The Pianist.” Ironically, one of them is a reporter from The Mirror.
.) Your soon-be-wife is waiting. Now that you see me in my true light, Watson, we have nothing left to say but good night — and goodbye — which you ought to be very glad to do. Believe me, I meant no harm to you — it was purely business — with me. For that, you see I would sacrifice everything. Even my supposed — friendship for you — was a pretence — a sham — everything that you —
A flame had lit him from within. John Watson, a man who had stared silently into the darkness, into the reality of his bedsit and the flicker of his imagination for a month.
’ They were lucky that John loved them both to the moon and back. Or how she prefers to say, "like the sea turns," forever changing fixedly.
This entailed my knocking at the door of our neighbour, Mrs Turner, an elderly, amiable woman who seemed happy to allow me access to the rear of the building.
Finally, the colonel's nephew stood up again and yelled in a shrill voice: "It is not possible! I am the only legitimate heir!
So I took my courage in both hands and grabbed each tree, one after the other. In an indefinite time, I made my way to the second carriage. There, it still took me far too long to grab hold of the bridles of the horse, whose eyes rolled in terror. After another eternity, I could untie the horse and draw it to Mrs Nordon. The horse, the poor beast, was terrified by the smell of blood, death, and the continuous cry of the other horse. I tried to calm it down with my voice.
) — it is too bad.  Now that this is all over, I suppose you imagine that your room will no longer be required. Let me assure — let me assure you (
They turned onto the next street, where the traffic had stopped completely. A lorry had blocked the road. The rain was not helping. There was a cacophony of horns, but the cars did not move.
The colonel looked dumbfounded. The worries, as well as the lack of rest, had dangerously reduced our client’s faculties: he couldn’t remember.
It was a few days after the third advent, and it seemed as if Christmas would be cancelled. I wanted to take courage and ask about the upcoming festivities, and most, unfortunately, it collided with Holmes' temper.
"Congratulations, Miss Parker! This indeed explains your gastric troubles. Nothing to worry about in this case. Your legitimate concern over Adèle's disappearance has only made the inconvenience caused by your condition worse."
Their daughters, Cordelia and Cecilia, were the black sheep, or so had their father, a widower like John, with a wink and a broad smile had told them. Apparently, the twin sisters had no interest in taking over the family business, but they were enthralled by the fixer-upper. They had got on with Rosie like a house on fire.
The man was nervous somehow. His fingers were twitching, and as a doctor, I was positive that it wasn't simply the body's reaction to the sudden warmth of the fireplace.
Holmes had instructed me not under any circumstances to trouble him again. In this situation, it was positively critical.
His remark made me smile, too. To occupy my hands, I hastened to examine his wound and bandage it carefully.
He has a wicked tongue, and oh, I have found my master already, and we play our private game, and there will be the only winner tonight and forever. What a thrill. Oh, my heart!
“Madam, you ask a lot. There can be no question of that." Mr Landsbury's gaze turned compassionate. He seemed genuinely sorry. "It's up to me to carry the title, madam. Society will never accept that a natural child inherits such an old and respected name as Landsbury. Understand me!”
On the last day of May, a third body was found. Again, a male prostitute, sedated, poisoned, crucified. There were already some rainbow flags raised in the streets. We passed some banners on our way. If it were possible, the crime scene was even more depressing. Everyone worked quietly, grim faces all around. Even Anderson was mute.
John Watson, war veteran, army doctor, blogger, flatmate and partner of the world’s only consulting detective, wished Sherlock Holmes to not be dead.
Sherlock does the breathing exercise his doctor — not John – recommended. Back then Sherlock had scoffed. But it helps. In, out, in, out. It improves his stress level too. He feels calmer, more balanced, and Sherlock would be royally pissed if it wasn’t so counterproductive.
loves Miss Parker. He did not appreciate my worldly ways towards his fiancée and was glad to damn me the pawn on military matters." I was about to say something drastic when Holmes continued: "But I don't know if she loves him!"
A recruit joins the guardsmen. He is an open, honest boy who reminds John Watson of himself a lifetime ago. As the head of the guards, it is Watson’s duty to train them properly. They have to follow protocol. In the future, they will announce the mayor, the archbishop or even the king. Yet the youngest is struggling. The rhythms of the drums are out of tune. It ought to have been, “left, left, right, right, left.” The result is not even close.
The clock announces the hour. It’s ten o’clock, and we should go to bed soon. I forbid myself from all thoughts about sleeping arrangements.
The only thing that linked me to reality was the item securely put away in my pocket: the silver medallion. It took me a while to open
my companion felt the same. We continued to put up the decorations, and I discovered it was rather pleasant to carry out that activity with Holmes at my side. Holmes and I had always been close friends for years, lovers for some time, and yet, I
Norwich being a small town, only had one police station and itself only one cell. Usually, this cell only locked up drunkards, not a young woman accused of the abduction of a child and murder.
, but he had basked in it. Secretly, John had hoped that Sherlock would read aloud some particular gripping paragraphs which had happened later.
The driver sighed. “Not much. This morning I drove a man to Heathrow. When we got there, he ran off into the airport, and I could not find him again. A decent fare is gone, and I had to pay the tolls on the way back myself.”
It was therefore the first will written by Colonel Landsbury. After these introductory words, the lawyer took a long letter opener and solemnly he opened the envelope with a sharp gesture.
Then the coldest of winters had come upon us at the turn from 1902 to 1903, and I, the doctor, tended to all my patients until I had become rather ill myself. Believe me, I wish I had some adventurous tale to relay, some treasure hunt in the Thames or a hostage situation involving a child and I succumbed in because of some heroics but it had been a simple equation of fatigue, overlooking my health and bad luck. A tale as old as time, and as I was getting on in years and my past—partly unknown to myself at the time—was paying tribute, I was bedridden for quite some time. Further, doctors made the worst of patients.
But I stepped forward at all costs and found myself in the hallway. A ray of light came out from under the living room door. I approached, hugging the walls. Two voices could be heard, people arguing, a man and a woman. I immediately recognized Michael Landsbury and Mary-Ann.
His focus switched to Harbour Cliff, and he knew that when looking further still - and if he had x-ray vision, he could have spotted Sherrington Hall. Bloody Dorset, how he wished to hate it.
-normal" thing had to be Sherlock apologizing. There was no help for him - and when he looked out, the snow falling, the warmth of 221b from the fireplace, the mulled cider, surrounded by cheer and love - he came to the realisation that he wanted neither.
Scarlet didn’t offer her help to put things from the boxes back to their rightful places. Instead, she dropped her few belongings into Sherlock’s bedroom and declared it hers.
"Can she even inherit under a false name? How to be sure? I should ask Albucklhurt. The whore, she has to pay."
"This is a gang that has engaged in child abduction with the ransom demand before. It is an American fashion that was exported to England. They will start over."
And I wished I could tell you about their secret wedding and the even more secret celebration afterwards. If you could see their joy on their faces…
"Locals, all decent people. For me, the case is clear. It can only be the governess. The culprit cannot be from around here. So, Miss Parker needs to be sent to the gallows. Quite an easy case, if you ask me.
The two women overwhelmed with concern, nod. I sped off to get dressed and ran to the stable. The research in the tomb could wait. But I cursed Holmes for not being there. The colonel owned several horses. The driver had left only with the harnessed carriage. I chose a large gelding, looking fairly calm, and left for the police station.
heat, and I sat next to Holmes in our parlour in Baker Street, drinking in the air and hoping for the little ripple of a breeze.
Some nods to Neil Gaiman & Terry Pratchett's "Good Omens"; after all, Neil Gaiman himself wrote one of the best ACD pastiches, "A Study in Emerald". Further, the question about "good" and "bad" in context of "The Reichenbach Fall" is one that inspired millons of readings and interpretations. Sherlock Holmes certainly thought it was a good thing (once)...
Holmes had left Baker Street without further notice, so all I could do was to wait for his return. I tried to relax by the warming fire and indulged in Mrs Hudson’s baked delicacies. The woman was a treasure! She was clearly relieved that I was still among the living, though she did not mention my recovery in so many words her baking spoke volumes.
