“Well I can't court a married fella, so you better hop to. Sorry Colonel, don't mean to be a homewrecker but I just can't resist a pretty pair of brown eyes.” Steve has always been the type to wear his heart on his sleeve, and there is that saying about hiding secrets being easier when they're right out in the open.  Tony proves him right; laughing into his eggs, oblivious to the way everyone else in his entourage has stopped everything they're doing to just stare at the pair of them. Steve feels the tips of his ears go hot again.
“Well then you're slacking, you should just come up with names for me in retaliation.”  Tony's eyes glitter with mirth, and just a little bit of challenge.  Steve's never been one to back down, and today is no different.
“You're too sensitive for me to fuck you again right now, won't feel good for you.” He says, running his palms down Tony's back, watching the flex of strong muscles avidly.  Tony smiles back at him affectionately, but also more than a little deviously.
’.  He didn’t know what that meant, and it sounded kind of negative, but Natasha insisted it was a good thing, so he’d bought a stack of them.
the arc reactor. Even though he doesn't know it's actually embedded in Tony's chest, just the thought that he likes the color of the light is enough to make something like hope crash through Tony like a wave.
“Tell me if I do anything you don't like, I only want you to feel amazing, alright?” Tony murmurs against his lips, and Steve nods, lifting his head a little to steal one more little kiss. He feels Tony's smile as much as sees it, but Tony is scooting back then, lifting off his body. Steve huffs out a breath in disappointment, but Tony rewards him a moment later, trailing a path of kisses and clever touches down his chest. “Patience is a virtue, beloved.” That is spoken right up against his nipple, making Steve suck in a sharp breath when Tony scrapes his teeth there lightly.
“Want your hands all over me, god your fingers are just-” Tony cuts himself off, opening his mouth and
at his worst, but that doesn't make it any easier. For one thing, Rhodey's lowest is still a hell of a lot prettier and better adjusted than his own.  Some ugly part of him that sounds a lot like his dad keeps telling him he needs to suck it up, be a man-Stark men are made of iron.
“C'mere then, let's get your rocket fuel.” Steve says, leaning down to pull Tony into his arms, hoisting him up with one roll of ridiculously powerful shoulders. This is the first time he's been fully conscious to appreciate what it feels like to be carried by a supersoldier. Tony sighs, leaning against Steve and resting his head on one of those magnificent shoulders while Steve totes him up to the main kitchen.  “I missed you, glad you asked me to come and get you.” Steve sounds as sincere as he always does when he's making Tony question the reality of what's currently happening. Tony blinks slowly, sitting up in Steve's arms to get a good look at his face, and Steve meets him head on, not hesitant at all.  “We don't have to talk about what happened at the gala-” Steve starts.  Tony opens his mouth to say something, but closes it again when Steve's Determined face makes an appearance. “-but I want you to know that if you need me to go knock that Hammer asshole around-you just say the word.” Coming from someone else it might be kind of funny. Coming from Steve it's deadly serious. Never in a million years would Captain America offering to kick the ass of someone who wronged him seem anything but fully surreal.
“Hey-” Their eyes meet in the low light of the room, and Tony blinks as if he's coming out of a daze.  “Is this okay?” Steve asks, trailing his palm over Tony's arm before encouraging Tony to throw his legs over his lap.
“I always did like him, but we’ve been at loggerheads before.  He’s mean as a hornet when he wants to be, but I don’t take it personal.”  The rush was still buzzing through him, but Steve paid it no mind, there was nothing for it.  Maybe his new friends could direct him to a gym when they got back from wherever it was they were.
“Okay, okay, wow, this is the best thing to wake up to ever, god.” Tony babbles, turning from the kiss to drop his head back on the pillows, taking a few steadying breaths.
“That a yes sweetheart, gonna make an honest man out of me?” He whispers, kissing all over Tony's face, laughing when Tony bats at him and kicks his legs to be put down. Steve just holds him, kissing his cheek until he answers.
They lay like that for a time, Steve has no idea how long, but it's good, so good. The corners of his eyes are wet, but he doesn't care to hide it, just letting Tony stroke his hair and croon sweet words to him. His thoughts are so slow, syrupy, as if they've taken a dip in blackstrap molasses. Everything is warm and soft, and he sighs when Tony takes one of the sleeves of his robe and wipes at Steve's eyes, gently rolling him onto his back when he's done.
The determined face is back. Tony wonders how weird it would be if he just jettisoned himself out the window right this moment.
The MOMA is just as amazing as Steve remembers. Tony is surprisingly knowledgeable about art. A fact he explains away by saying Pepper is the one who really enjoys art, but Steve knows a critical eye when he sees one. Tony talks about brush strokes and composition as readily as any art critic. He shies away from rooms with large crowds of people in them, until they end up at an installation that is empty at the moment. Light dances through colorful hanging glass beads, painting Tony in a dappled glow, bright across his features like radiant glowing splashes of translucent paint.
“Ask me again sometime when you're not about to pass out.” Steve hopes he will, a guy can dream anyway.  Tony nods slowly, and then he's out, fast asleep between one blink and the next.
“Steve, you can’t fight comorbid conditions, no matter how good of an alpha you are.” Tony said, laughing. He sounded fond, warm. “I’m not sick, honey, you’re such a sweetheart. I’m fine, don’t worry about it.”
sight a few times.” Tony says, indicating the round swell of his behind-wiggling it for good measure-and well, who is Steve to refuse such an obvious invitation?
“What?  Come with you where?  Not to a game in New England I hope.”  Steve grumbled when Tony began nodding and started speaking quickly, undeterred by Steve’s grousing.
me, whatever you want, just touch me.” Tony sounds desperate already, and god that's not a tone of voice he ever thought to have directed at himself.  Steve just barely bites back a groan, sinking down enough to brush his lips over Tony's-teasingly at first, but then in earnest when Tony moans into his mouth and presses up against him. Steve has been fixated on their mistletoe kiss since it happened, but this kiss is something else. Tony puts his whole body into it, legs wrapping around Steve's waist, fingers pulling at his hair. They part for much needed air only briefly, before Tony is dragging him back down, licking into Steve's mouth with a such focused intensity that Steve can't help but grind down against the body trapped beneath his.
Steve slumped back onto the bed, raking his hands over his face.  Well, he’d royally messed that up.  Tony probably thought he was losing his marbles.
“Oh.” Tony says, his head spinning with the look in Steve's eyes. “Oh yes, please.” He repeats, as that hand slips beneath the sagging waistband of his pants and Steve's clever fingers stroke through his crease. Tony feels his eyes roll back involuntarily, his body strings tight with anticipation, and Steve doesn't disappoint him. He seals their mouths together, swallowing Tony's probably far too loud sounds. Strong fingers curl over his cock, and the hand he's slipped into the back of Tony's pants squeezes a handful of firm muscle before moving in to rub just the pads of two fingers teasingly over his hole. It shouldn't affect him this much, just that barely slick rub, the pads of Steve's fingers there; but the suggestion, the idea that it's Steve touching him there, Steve moaning into their shared kisses as Tony writhes in his lap, Steve's hand pumping his cock in sure even strokes. Tony sobs, pulling away from Steve's mouth to hide his face against Steve's neck as he comes and comes and comes. He feels as if he's turning inside out, as if his whole body is one superheated wash of firing neurons. He's mouthing at Steve's skin, letting out soft little noises he'll deny if asked later. Steve pets him through it, murmuring encouragement, and slipping his hand from Tony's ass to rub over his back.
“There's more pasta and chicken up in the kitchen if you want it later, wouldn't want you to think I'd leave you without seconds.” Steve says, once Tony has found his zen again.
“I am, and you're going to do something about it for me, aren't you, beautiful?”  Tony speaks against his cheek “Here, I'll show you how, I have a task for you.” Tony smiles wide, pulling out of his arms and off his cock with a wet sound that makes Steve feel deliriously turned on all over again.
“Oh god, listen, if my vast list of negative personality traits didn't scare you off, then my morning breath will.” Tony didn't intend to say all of that, but he hasn't had any coffee yet; uncomfortable honesty is his uncaffeinated baseline.
"Yes, definitely, very much go, green, verde-" Tony says, nodding so much he feels like a bobblehead. His heart is pounding in his chest as they walk out into the hall. Through the little porthole of a window he sees Natasha walk into Hammer's holding cell. He almost feels sorry for the guy. Almost, but not quite. A few SHIELD agents start to say something to Steve as they move through the halls, but the look on his face seems to stop them in their tracks, and they back away, leaving Tony to be tugged along at a speed just shy of urgent behind him.
No matter how certain Dr. Erskine seemed, how rock solid he was in his belief, Steve did not sleep that night.  He sketched for hours, stopping in between to pace the room.  He was afraid yes, but that fear would not stop him.  Even if upon the morning arriving, walking into the room where he would either transform or possibly die made his hands tremble.  He still stepped into the Vita Ray chamber and allowed Dr. Erskine and his colleagues to enclose him within it.  He knew the whole procedure was being watched, that a room full of top military brass sat beyond the glassed in surgical theater walls.  No pressure.  He thought to himself as the first battery of injections bubbled through his veins.
“Oh that's not fair.” Tony slurs when Steve gets a hand under his waistcoat to start kneading his shoulders through his undershirt, pressing his thumb into the line of his spine and dragging it down. Under most circumstances Tony would be about ready to strip naked and throw himself onto a bed, but he's just so
“I think yes, green, anything.” He says, and he means it. He can't think of anything Tony has ever done that he didn't outright love, and there's no doubt in his mind that if they ever did discover something that didn't really ring his bell-that Tony would stop immediately. “I trust your judgment, I want it, want you.” It comes out clumsy, almost jumbled, but Tony just sighs, leans in to kiss him.
Steve tackled Waters with as much force as he could without causing injury as shots rang out.  He curled around the much larger beta, bracing himself for the gunshots, making sure to cover the other cadet with as much of his body as he could.  Waters himself seemed to realize they were being shot at with live rounds, stopped struggling, and started cursing.
“I get the feeling he's not going to tell me is he?” He concedes.  JARVIS hums in agreement, opening the door for him when he heads back out into the hall. JARVIS continues to speak to him in the hallway. Steve sometimes feels like he's talking to a ghost, JARVIS' voice follows him just as surely as an invisible man keeping step at his side.
“Love, Steve, beloved come on, you're okay, you're okay, breathe, we'll-I'll come up with a different plan okay, something better. Are you back with me?” Tony is practically curled around him. His suit jacket and waistcoat are discarded, the sleeves of his silk shirt rolled up to bare the toned muscles of his forearms. “Yeah, hi, welcome back babe.” Tony says so gently that Steve almost wants to weep.
“I need you to promise that you won't chase the rabbit, or the water in this case. Can you promise me that?” Steve's voice shakes slightly, but his gaze is steady. Everyone in the room is staring at the two of them expectantly. Tony smiles.
“No membership dues, not for you.” Lorenzo said, crossing his arms as if daring Steve to argue with him, even if he was still smiling.
There were others after that, nothing serious, just two people taking pleasure and enjoyment from each other.  It was nice, and not something Steve ever thought he would get to do.  He tried his best to show his partners the best time he could, even if he’d very likely never see them again.  It helped to keep him from getting too sleep deprived, and it kept him from taking up the valuable time of the omegas working in military hospitals.  It was good, it was working, it was fine.  Except for the fact of course that he was still in the states.  The war was raging in full now, Steve read the papers whenever he could get his hands on them.  He got the feeling General Phillips was going to start pitching typewriters at him the next time he inquired about being sent overseas.
Some warnings here for panic attacks, discussions of PTSD, sexual content, and Tony being a smidge masochistic about bruises.  Also Tiberius Stone being a creepy, creepy asshole.  If mentions of stalking are triggering to you, skip the section that begins with “Stop looking guilty" and ends with “Can you still get in touch-".
“Sass, Captain, I see how it is.” They're both silent for a time, Tony relaxing against him once more, laying his head on Steve's shoulder. His lashes tickle a bit against Steve's neck. Steve feels himself center, things clicking back into place as they always do when Tony is in his arms. He still feels shaky and out of sorts, but it's fading, breaths coming easily now as Tony hums and kisses his neck lightly.
“Steve.” Tony whispers, leaning up again. Steve cradles the back of his head in one palm, bending slightly to press another kiss against Tony's upturned mouth. He closes his eyes, but the brilliant after images the installation leaves are still there, flashing behind his lids in bright starbursts of color almost as vibrant as the feeling of Tony warm and wanting against him.
. Tony usually doesn't do coy well unless it's a business deal he's trying to play hard to get about; it's just a fact. Steve still seems affected by it though, he pauses, tilting his head like he's really actually thinking about it.
“I'll bring it to your room okay, you've had a long day huh?” He murmurs warmly.  Tony just mumbles in response, face tipping against Steve's hand as he loses the fight with wakefulness again. Steve sighs, petting over soft curling hair again.  It's easier to coax Tony up this time, as if in this half awake state he still remembers Steve carrying him before. Steve stills when Tony's breath catches, body shuddering in his arms only to curl up more tightly against Steve's chest.  "It's okay, I've got you."  He whispers, even though it's pretty unlikely that Tony really registers the words.
“Yeah, you've got pretty eyes.” He says softly, meeting Tony's gaze dead on. Tony puts his spoon down to take his sunglasses off wordlessly, folding them up and leaving them on the table. “Better, thank you sweetheart.” Then he leans over the table to pull Tony into a long sweet kiss that makes Tony's toes curl in his shoes. Steve's mouth is cool and sugary sweet, he swipes his tongue over Tony's lips to make him shiver.  Tony wants to crawl into his lap and never leave, but self control is apparently a thing that exists even for him.  “What flavor is yours?” Steve asks, drawing back from the kiss, but not before pressing his lips to the corner of Tony's mouth. Tony shakes himself, looking down at his half forgotten bowl.
“I'm going down to the lab when we get back. I have a lot to work on.” He finally says, surprising even himself as he breaks the thick silence.
scrolled across the top of the screen.  He swiped up to answer the call, the way it had said in the manual, and there was Tony.  If Steve had thought he looked sharp the night prior, he somehow looked even better now.  He was in a full three piece suit, sat behind a dark wooden desk, surrounded by glass, his hair and his beard were immaculately styled, and he was clutching a coffee cup with ring covered fingers.
“I love you Steve.” There, it's out there in the open, he's said it before his nerve can pack up and run away.
"I feel like my Avengers Charter rights are being very disrespected right now."  He says stubbornly.  Natasha ignores him.
“Shh, honey. I have to sit up for this,” Tony's hand slips from behind his head to cup his cheek. With his other hand he unties the belt of his robe, letting it slip fully open, baring his body to Steve's eyes. Tony is so hard, his cock is flushed so dark, leaving a sticky pool on Steve's abdomen; he wants to put his mouth on him, taste him, listen to him moan and praise him. He wants that so much, but Tony just shushes him again, and pushes him back more solidly into the pillows, grabbing few more and tucking them behind Steve's back. The ends of the robe brush against Steve's thighs when he sits back and holds the tie of his robe up for Steve to see. “Last time I tied you, you liked that, didn't you?” Tony asks, and Steve feels himself go red all the way down his chest. Yes, he had liked that so much, Tony tying his arms above his head and taking him apart so sweetly.
"Tony," he says, trying it on for size, getting a beaming smile that just about knocks his socks off in return, "Tony I have something for you.” That stops Tony short. He blinks slowly, spinning to face Steve in his chair.
“Fuck, yes, yes that's good.” Tony groans, dropping his hands down to brace on Steve's shoulders; digging his knees into the mattress to give Steve better leverage to fuck him open with his fingers. Steve always figured Tony would be a noisy lover. He's spent probably unhealthily long amounts of time with his own right hand trying to imagine what Tony would sound like, what he would look like writhing above Steve just like this. Even Steve's exceedingly vivid imagination could not do Tony justice. He
“Careful.” The hand in his hair stills, moving down to trace over his cheek in a way Tony can only classify as longing. “I think he's awake.” Judging by the volume and the approximate location, the person speaking is probably his dearly beloved head massager.
“I'm not gonna leave you over morning breath-” Steve cups his cheek in one big hand, thumb stroking just under his eye. “But if it really bothers you that much go brush your teeth and come back-and get dressed. I'm taking my fella out for breakfast.” Steve's eyes are twinkling with amusement when they meet his, a soft smile curving his lips upwards.
“Your turn Cap!” Warm brown eyes crinkle at the corners, the sparkle in them just shy of devious. Steve swallows, taking off his hat so it won't smack into Tony's, and stepping in to wrap an arm around Tony's waist drawing him close.
“Rhodey, Rhodey Bear, Gumdrop, my little Gummy Bear-” Tony's singsonging is cut off by Rhodey standing up and walking out of frame before reappearing a short moment later with a six pack of beer. He plops back on the couch, popping the cap from a bottle and taking a long swig; raising his eyebrows, and gesturing at Tony in a way that says it's Tony's fault.
“He's fine.” Pepper mutters, shaking her head in fond exasperation. Tony beams at her; even without his memories, he just
“Mister Stark designs pretty much all Avengers tech, including little old moi.” Iron Man sounds amused, but also a little proud.
“Steve,”  Tony said, the armor was sliding away from him, the flightsuit peeled away as well.  He must have just woken up when the call came, because he was just in a pair of silk pajamas.  “Honey, are you okay?”  Said so softly, as if he was afraid Steve would shatter on the spot.  Tony reached out and laid his warm ungloved hand over Steve’s clammy shaking one.
“Coordinates!” He gasps, pulling out of Rhodey’s grip to wobble to his feet. “Coordinates, it’s coordinates, Rhodey, Rhodey, I love you!” He says, leaning down to grab Rhodey’s face and pull him into a smacking kiss. He gets rolled back into the sand for his efforts, but it just makes him laugh. It’s an odd laugh, the laugh of a man on his way to the gallows. Those coordinates are in the middle of the ocean, Tony knows. If his soulmate is leading him there, it’s likely to his body.
Steve stood there, breathing heavily for a moment, and then flipped the shield onto his back, securing it in place. Zemo was surely dead, but there was still the issue of the island crawling with henchmen. Steve sighed, and set about rounding them up and leaving them near the shore wriggling and cursing in flex cuffs, or whatever rope he could find on the island. He hunted down the last one trying to swim for the mainland, hauling the sputtering beta up and tossing his bound form beside his other struggling friends. SHIELD was an easy call to make after all that business was taken care of, they could deal with the henchman better than he could after all. He wasn’t in the business of keeping prisoners.
“Little bit, don't sweat it Steve, I've slept in much worse, I'll just have JARVIS turn on the heat. Or okay-okay yeah we can do that too.” Tony cuts off when Steve pulls him in close, winding his arms around Tony's body.
“Dammit, I’m going to be late at this rate.”  Tony grouched, letting the cuff he’d been working on hang open.  He was holding a cufflink in his hand, it was obviously missing a stone.  Steve felt his heart jump up into his throat.  He wondered if the universe was trying to give him a sign.  He thought of the cufflinks, his hopeless courting gift to Tony sitting in his bedside drawer.  It was silly of course, he was sure Tony had plenty of cufflinks.  Drawers and drawers of them even.
“I want to do this right, if you'll let me.” Earnestness has always been something Steve has in spades, he puts it to work now, hoping he can make Tony see how much he means everything he's said.  Tony clutches the flowers to his chest, staring off at some fixed point to the left of him.
Married life is really not that different at all from how they lived before. They sleep in Tony's room almost exclusively now though. It's much less likely to be host to middle of the night Avengers shenanigans. Tony has his own floor after all. It's also perfectly acceptable to christen every feasible surface of said penthouse. Steve's never been in better shape, and Tony looks like the cat that got the cream most days. Both of them are deliriously happy, and once not too long ago Steve would probably have stepped back and waited for the other shoe to drop, but his joy at finally having what he's always wanted makes him optimistic.
That evening, the apartment which once seemed so small and cramped seemed massive in the dark.  Steve was cold, shaking as he once had been the first time an alpha rush upended his nerves.  Unnerved, and unable to sleep, he filled an empty glass bottle with hot water, wrapped it in a towel, and held it until the cold around dawn woke him with cruel, icy fingers down his spine.
“Tessalon perles are non narcotic, I asked the pharmacist, and you know Bruce wouldn't prescribe opioids for you unless it was unavoidable.” Natasha's voice is smooth and calming. “Relax Tony, just rest.”
“Do not. Do not angst about the bruises okay.” He says when he notices Steve staring down at the spot where bruises in the shape of his fingers must be slowly blooming now beneath tight black fabric.
As if sensing his impending fit of embarrassed pique the Jag rolls around the corner before he can pick up any steam. Happy hops out to open the door, and Tony doesn't even pretend to be surprised when Steve practically carts him into the backseat. He
good”  He says with feeling, not wanting Tony to doubt that, wanting him to know that he's everything.  “So good, Tony, you feel-” He cuts off in a long moan when Tony twists his hips and sinks back down.
“That's not what this is about. One day when you're comfortable we can...I would-I want that with you too, but I wanna be romantic with my fella, didn't ever really get to do that before.” Steve cups his cheek, dropping a kiss that's disproportionately chaste compared to what they had been up to before. Tony's eyes flutter shut all the same. It's so easy to let Steve be gentle with him. The kisses are soft now, sending tingling shivers of sensation down his spine and making something heady and sweet twist in his stomach-and Tony likes sex,
A new crew of people showed up to cart Amora and Executioner away.  They wore fitted jumpsuits with vaguely patriotic symbols all over them.  SHIELD was, as Widow informed him, where their superpowered villains went, or rather, a facility run by SHIELD.  Local authorities did not have the kind of technology or manpower necessary to keep the Avengers’ more dangerous adversaries contained.  Something that became only too apparent when a headline on a discarded newspaper caught Steve’s eye as they were leaving Central Park.
Steve knew what he had to do, and he was nineteen now, there was no way the war effort would turn him away.  Except of course, they did.  One rejection turned into two, and two into three, until his list of rejections became almost as long as the lists his doctors furrowed their brows over when they thought he couldn’t see.  Steve didn’t quit though, he kept going back, kept striving.  If anything was an alpha’s purpose, then helping to stop the evil going on in Germany certainly had to be it.  It seemed like everyone was signing up, lines snaked around recruitment offices in long teeming ribbons of alphas and betas alike.  He was sure there were probably a few omegas in there too, although they were unlikely to be put on the front lines.  Omegas were too valuable, too rare, and their abilities were pivotal to keep their alpha and beta counterparts from losing themselves.  He’d heard of some omega soldiers in the past, but war was hard on them, their empathy and ability to both affect and be affected by emotion made them fearsome warriors if they so chose, but it also almost always destroyed them.
“Don’t worry about the plot, Cap, just enjoy the giant robots hitting each other.”  Clint said.  He looked about as content as a cat laying in a sunbeam.  Steve settled in to watch the movie.  At some point Tony’s hand slipped back into his hair and he shivered hard enough to jostle Tony’s leg.  Thankfully he didn’t comment on it.
“What a mouth on you, Commandos would have been proud.” Steve says, unable to resist needling his friend despite the situation. “C'mere, help me fix this. You got a splint stowed away in that roomy behind of yours?”
holding Tony open with a hand on his ass, slipping through Tony's now lax hold. Even with all the preparation before, there's still a stretch, a moment where Tony has to consciously relax and allow all that pressure and heat to become pleasure. Steve's hand slips away from his hip to brace on the bed by Tony's shoulder as he presses in and in and in, until the hand he had on himself meets Tony's. He stills there for a moment, gently taking Tony's hand away, and then he's pinning that hand to the bed, bracing his knees between Tony's to spread him wide as he buries himself in a long slow thrust that makes Tony's eyes roll and his thighs quiver when he bottoms out with a slow, deep circular grind of his hips.
He could also smell himself, and smell himself strongly.  Steve flushed, maybe that was why Tony bolted in such a hurry.  He didn’t smell
As if on cue Tony himself comes in looking sleepy in an oversized red MIT sweatshirt and a pair well fitted dress trousers. A pair of burgundy velvet slippers completes the look, soles shuffling across the floor as Tony wanders into his space to groan and lean his head on Steve's chest.
“Well, my shower before you woke up was very thorough indeed, if you catch my drift.  I was thinking I might ride you, make it really good for you, give you the lazy morning in you deserve.”  Tony sounds almost thoughtful, as if he hasn't just thrown Steve's body into overdrive with his words alone.  He doesn't say anything after that, just kissing Steve's cheek and rubbing his fingers through short cropped blond hair while Steve tries to regain the power of speech.
“Yes.” Tony says, covering Steve's hand over the arc with one of his own. “It does get cold. But you'll keep me warm right?” His smile is slightly brittle.
The bruising must be hurting him something dreadful. Asleep as he is there's no front to put on, no way to pretend he's not feeling the way he is. It makes Steve feel crazy. There's nothing he can do about it though, so he just makes sure to be as careful as possible; murmuring reassurances to Tony while they make their way through the house.
“I’d like that, yeah, I’d like that a lot.”  He finally said.  It came out rough, his voice deeper than usual.  Tony’s mouth moved, he didn’t say anything for a moment.  His eyes looked dark and a little starry.
“You gonna dance with me Steeeve?” Tony wheedles, smiling broadly when Steve nods, settling his arms around Tony's waist.
“Good morning, hermoso, how did you sleep?  I've brought us breakfast, are you hungry?” Tony asks, scooting closer and dropping a sweet kiss over the back of Steve's neck.  His hair is still damp, the clean spicy scent of him wafts over as he leans over Steve to seemingly kiss every bit of exposed skin available.  Steve grunts, feeling his cheeks heat when Tony helps him roll over and perches himself atop Steve's stomach, and he realizes the robe Tony is wearing is all he has on.  Red fabric opens in a long vee all the way down past his navel, and the spread of his gorgeous thighs makes Steve's mouth go dry. God that's a lot of skin, Steve wants to kiss him everywhere.
There was a pizza joint where the De Rossi’s gym once stood.  Their pizza was delicious.  He sat in the very back of the place.  The chairs were rickety, and the tables looked like they’d seen better days, but there were pictures all over the walls in black and white, some of them of the gym.  Steve chewed his food and stared back in time until he’d worked his way through the entire pizza, and the guy behind the counter started looking at him with suspicion.
“Fuck, amazing.” Tony gasps as Steve braces a hand on the back of his neck and comes across his back with an embarrassingly loud moan.  “Holy shit.” Tony whispers, grunting when Steve lays down atop him, uncaring of the mess, intent only on gripping Tony's chin to angle his jaw for a long deep kiss that leaves them both shivering. They stay like that for a time, Steve drawing Tony into slow lingering kisses over his lips, the back of his neck, and the sculpted lines of his shoulders, until Tony is squirming beneath him with renewed arousal. Steve has been half hard for a while, but the tilt of Tony's hips, and the strong hand gripping his own encouraging him to press his fingers back into warm gripping heat brings him all the way around to fully hard.
“Have a present for you.” Steve murmurs, the smile on his face verging on a shit eating grin when Tony opens his eyes to squint up at him suspiciously.
There is a weight around his shoulders, a ring around his neck, a vast yawning chasm where his dogtags used to sit; empty and aching, heavier than the band of gold around his ring finger. Two weeks into their relationship, two glorious weeks and Steve had placed them around Tony's neck. The glitter of Tony's eyes that night is etched into his memory. A soft moment tucked between their heartbeats, backlit by the city, shades of neon catching on the silver chain. The curve of Tony's smile had been so soft, uncertain, like newly bloomed flowers-delicate and easy to bruise.
“Oh god, why is it always with-” Iron man groans over the comms, shooting a focused repulsor blast into the metal monstrosity Steve is currently making into scrap.  “-the stomping, and the chest ugh.” He finishes, shooting up to catch Steve in a secure hold about the waist while the bot goes down in a shower of fried circuitry. They land atop a building in a skidding halt. Below them smoke rises from downed Doombots. He almost smiles upon seeing Thor hitting Doctor Doom with his hammer somewhere highly uncomfortable. Almost.
Steve shakes his head.  “No, it was perfect. Always wanted to learn how to play, but times were tough and my Ma couldn't afford piano lessons.” He can't hide the wistful regret in his tone.  Tony of course, notices.  The soft dreamy expression on his face changing into what Steve recognizes as his 'I'm about to do a Thing.' face. He draws his hand away from Steve's to pat a spot on the bench.
“And um...what are those?” Tony's head dips, he buries his nose in the blooms, glancing up at Steve through dark lashes. Steve feels his body go hot with just that look. “Is this...is this some weird forties friendship gesture, because let me tell you, times have a changed.”
“Still need to get him outta here though.” Bear puncher says, catching Tony's intense stare and clearing his throat. “I'm Steve, we work together.” After that, everyone else introduces themselves to him again. Not that he remembers them doing this before, but it's obvious this has happened more than once.
“Steve! Oh my god, who taught you that?” Tony says on a gasp, working his hips back. “Oh wait, mmmm, it was me, go me.” Tony groans, laughing breathily, but breaking off into whimper when that earns him another swat on the behind, just over the fullest part of the muscle.  "Just so you know, you're only encouraging me with that."  Tony snickers, wiggling his hips enticingly.
“Indeed I am Captain Rogers, do you require my assistance in picking flowers for Mister Stark?” JARVIS asks, expectation clear in his tone.  Steve stares at his phone.
Steve was still staring at the catalog, calculating how many papers he’d have to deliver to get his ma’ those new curtains, when the door to the classroom swung open, and Russell Blanchard waltzed in.  Russel was often late, and Steve privately thought he relished it a little when Mrs.  Carmichael gave him a talking to, but something in his bearing had changed.  A pair of fine leather gloves were tucked into his back pocket.  There was something else too, a faint soapy, powdery scent that went sugary sweet at the end.
.” Tony repeats, softer now. His name said in that tone of voice is enough to cause goosebumps. Desire pools in his gut, hot and heady when Tony's lips part, head angling so their noses won't bump. Everything about his posture screams
Steve closes his eyes for a moment. A large and very insistent part of him wants desperately to give in to what Tony's offering and just
The walk to their rooms is quiet, Steve drifting into Tony's orbit to wrap an arm around his waist. Progress is slow that way, but it means Tony can rest his head on Steve's shoulder. Steve counts that as a resounding win. When they make it to Tony's door it opens, lights drawing up to a dim candlelit tone in anticipation of Tony's presence.
Steve very carefully set his pencil down, gnawing at his lip.  “Ma, can omegas really tell what you’re thinking about?”  He finally got out, after a few moments of staring into eyes just as blue as his own.  Sarah just laughed, staring skyward for a moment, before sitting down across the table from him.
“Thanks Cap, uh. What's on the agenda then? Skee ball? Darts? That strength test with the hammer? Because I hate to tell you this but Thor already broke it.” Tony says, gesturing over to their resident Asgardian and his gigantic lion plush.
“Steve, darling, touch me.” Tony moans, letting out a sharp gasp when Steve reaches beneath his crop-top to pinch and roll dusky nipples between his fingers; he knows tony likes more pressure, a harder, sharper tug, and he's rewarded by Tony arching beneath him, spreading his thighs in a way that screams invitation.
“Oh my god what!” He yells, unable to stop himself. JARVIS' silence is smug and incriminating. Yelling as it turns out was a bad idea. It brings into awareness once more that his chest feels like it's doing a good impression of a pressure cooker.
“Fine, okay. Iron Man is off feeding Hammer to SHIELD right now as it is...I think? Not important. Okay.” He adjusts his suit, splashes his face with water and rinses his mouth out.
“Long day?”  She said, coming closer to peer over Steve’s shoulder.  One of her cool hands pressed to Steve’s forehead, and Steve swallowed, he really hoped he didn’t have a fever, he felt fine!
, please Steve, fuck I'm so close, please, Darling, please I need it-need you, love you..” He babbles, as if he's lost control of the words spilling from his mouth, thighs splaying wider between them when Steve covers his body with his own to take his mouth in a deep kiss.
“Hey!  I’m not a bug, stop that”  The voice sounded from somewhere by his left temple, then a shocked gasp, and the sound of metal against metal.  “He’s waking up, he really is alive, everyone, come quick!”
“You, you dirty-fuck, does anyone know Captain America is such a-” What he was going to say is cut off with a moan as Steve's hips rock up against his own. “Oh god, Steve, please-oh please, you've been driving me out of my mind-but oh god, is this okay?”
“Go to sleep Mister Stark, work will be there in the morning.” Steve replies warmly.  Tony's lashes dip in a slow tired blink. He licks his lips and their eyes lock in the warm golden light of the room. Golder even than the flecks of warm copper in Tony's eyes. God, Steve just wants to kiss him so much.
After the movie he treated himself to a slow walk home, contemplating the new blocking moves Lorenzo had been trying to drill into his head.  It felt like something was missing, it was hard to block with such thin arms.  Maybe if he had a shield like one of the knight characters in his ma’s old romance novels.  He supposed he couldn’t justify just walking around with one of those strapped to his back like some kind antique turtle.  Sure would have made getting swung at easier though.
“We'll find a way to fix Arsenal, you've helped me with Bucky-” Tony shakes his head, pulling away slightly, but Steve holds him fast, slips his hand away from the tags to tip Tony's head up so their eyes meet. “Let me help, don't hide these things away from me.”
Sorry for taking so long to get this chapter out to y'all, but holiday giftfics ate my soul and my free time.  This chapter is a lot longer than I originally intended, but what's new.
He had a few moments to feel regretful about sending the question-he was sure Tony had better things to do than answer Steve about every minute detail in his room-when the phone rang.  The words
There was something else too.  Growing up in constant pain and illness, in the past there had been little time or energy for him to think about sex.  The serum had changed that, and changed it drastically.  There was no pain anymore, nothing stopping his mind from traveling that path.  He was nineteen years old and suddenly given a body that did not tire.  He thought about sex a lot, so much he probably would have gone to confession had he been back home.  Sex wasn’t frowned upon, but excess in it was, and he was sure he was committing the sin of lust nightly, just by himself.  Sitting in bars in low smoky light, he found his glances reciprocated more often than not.  It took him months to finally take someone up on an offer for a nightcap.  This new body was so strong.  He routinely bent metal with his hands, he’d snapped a neck with as little effort as it had taken him to open a damn beer bottle before the serum.  He was terrified he’d seriously injure any person nice enough to show him a good time.  That and, as his fellow soldiers felt no compunction in telling him, his cock had gotten bigger along with the rest of him.  Even an omega might have struggled in taking him, but that was not really on the table.  All the omegas he met while out had been taken, wedded or steady gloves covering their arms up to their elbows, fingers covered in jewelry and, their arms looped through their partner or partners’ elbows.
“Just. Just be-” It seems too much to hope for. Like something he could never ask for, something he wants more than anything.
“You look like you're all mine.” Steve says softly, and his hand slips down Tony's back to touch the bruises along his hip.
“I'm not going to Strange, he'll probably suggest a naked moonlight ritual or something.” Tony pauses, expression brightening. “Actually, you know what, I feel a kind of kinship with him, maybe he's onto something, and he
“Tony, what?” He gets out, and ah, there's the flush. Steve visibly turns red just about to his toes. Tony smiles, patting his shoulder companionably, studiously avoiding the elephant in the room that is Steve's very large and very noticeable erection pressed against his hip.
“Yeah I did. You know for such a smart guy, you can be pretty hard to get through to.” Steve says bemusedly.
When they are far behind enemy lines he comforts himself by listening to the steady sound of the Howling Commandos hearts when they rest. Even Namor sometimes stays near enough for Steve to pick it up. Knowing they are all alive and safe makes it possible for Steve to drift off for a bit. At least until the morning comes and their mission takes precedence over all else.
He still wanted to wake the team up, his instincts warred with his logical mind. He could only imagine the telling off he’d get if he went banging on everyone’s doors because he was in rut and needed all his important people in one room where he could sniff them for injuries and brood like some kind of great bird. Clint would certainly never let him live it down, that was for sure. Steve groaned, going over to look at Sarah’s picture. He bet she would have had some good advice about what to do. He needed to do something, but what? During the war, rut was a boon in many ways, it helped him on missions, made him even stronger and more tireless than with the serum alone. This body wasn’t meant for downtime or rest.
“It’s me, I am a public, and I will have you know, I am feeling extremely corrupt, someone delete my cache and reboot me.” The last part of that statement hadn’t made a lick of sense, but the first part made Steve flush hot. Tony was always saying stuff like that, he only wished he meant it. He didn’t know what Tony was going on about anyway, it was just shorts and a shirt.
“Oh yeah?” Tony turns around, leaning his hip against a console near the edge of the room. Steve tries and fails not to give him a slow, lingering once over. Tony just preens, posing against the console in a way that should be ridiculous, but instead makes Steve want to bend him over. Tony stark will be the death of him.
“So is that a yes on being my fella then?” Steve asks, joyful with the possibility, and Tony laughs, the sound bright and warm.
“Happy holidays Shellhead.” He murmurs, leaning down to kiss Tony's forehead. Tony tips his head back and smiles, eyes sliding shut.
Tony thinks, somewhat hysterically. God Steve feels good. He doesn't say that though, Steve looks embarrassed enough as it is.
“Yes, the game is tomorrow, I thought we would fly in to PVA, check into our hotel in Foxborough, you know, make sure we make it there on time.”  That was awfully luxurious, flying out someplace just to see a football game, even if it was in Massachusetts.
It's his worst nightmare, everything he's feared wrapped into one terrible moment of time. In the end when Strange pulls them into the pocket dimension-in the end he can't even touch Tony to say goodbye. He's confident that they will be able to get him back, confident that Tony's genius will outweigh the caprices of fate as it always has. In the end, when everything has settled, and everyone has gone to their rooms, Steve sits in his empty room-their empty room, and he feels the absence of Tony's hand in his, sharp like the stab of a knife slipped between the ribs.
He should have known life as an Avenger is never so simple. Inhumans, having to go into hiding, all of that is jarring, but Tony remains at his side. They run together, hide together. Their little family remains intact. Even if they're technically criminals now, Steve still goes to sleep at night with Tony's warm weight draped across his chest, or spooned up close. As long as Tony is here, and his team is safe, Steve can't really complain.
“That was a test, cadet, good job.”  He turned to Dr. Erskine, clapping him on the shoulder and leaning in to whisper, a whisper Steve’s buzzing ears still caught “He’s still too skinny.”  He said, and strode off to do whatever it was generals did when they weren’t terrorizing new cadets.  Steve blinked up at Dr.  Erskine, who offered him an encouraging smile and knelt down to press his fingers against Waters’ neck.
He spent the day alternating between the gym and catching up on history in the library.  The giant library bigger than several of the apartments in the building he grew up in put together.  There were books on everything, from anthologies of ancient Greek plays to scientific papers about something called carbon nanotubes.  He found a whole section on art and painting, and carried a good portion of the shelf over to one of the desks in the back, and settled in to read.
“Can I take off your tie?” Steve asks against the collar of his shirt, and Tony reaches down to practically rips his tie off in his haste. The offending article of clothing gets tossed somewhere, he can fret about wrinkled silk later, Tony's not really thinking about that right now.
It was infuriating to think of, all the good men and women Steve knew during the war, all of them were gone. Taken away by the hands of time while he’d been sleeping in the ice, but here was Zemo, alive and well, and playing mini Mussolini here on this island that still felt heavy with what Zemo’s masters had once wrought. It was unfair, wrong, and Steve intended to remedy it.
He still asks to get a look at the kid, and he sees that look in the boy's face too, the same haunting emptiness and longing in his own every morning. “They say I'll die before I meet her.” He whispers, small hands clenched against his sides in anger.
“Sure Cap, it's a date, I'll even put out after.” Tony says with a wink. Steve just snorts, following him over to the rest of their friends to join in throwing some food together.
.  So many promises he’d made and not kept.  So he had become an empty seat at the De Rossi’s table after all.  Oh how Nonna would have scolded him.  At least they had won the war, that was one less regret, he didn’t know what he would have done if that had not been the case, if he had failed everyone that badly.
“Yes.”  Steve said.  That creeping feeling of unreality after a rush faded almost as soon as it had begun to come on with Dr. Erskine’s words.
“Listen. You're Captain America, I doubt you would do anything bad, but Tony doesn't have a good record with people he trusts. He's a great guy, best friend I've got, but let's just say his self preservation instincts leave a lot to be desired, you know what I mean? So I'm making it clear now, if you got any ulterior motives lurking around, if you're just messing with him, you need to leave him alone now, before he gets too invested.” This time there's no friendliness in Rhodes' bearing.  Steve does salute this time. It just snaps out of him without a thought, the reaction so ingrained in him by that tone of voice that it's all he can do not to drop down and start doing push ups just on reflex. He wonders if Rhodes ever met General Phillips.
“Yeah.” He pants, breaths coming in little hitching gasps. “You ever heard the expression 'hurts so good?' Steve, because it
He tastes too, blood behind his teeth, like he’s been punched in the mouth, sucks it back behind his lips, doesn’t spit it out (he knows what being hit feels like, tastes like after all).  Sweet pungent cigar smoke sometimes filters into his senses, like Obie’s, blown in his face with no regard for young lungs. It’s a comfort, sitting with Obie and showing him new designs, his small hands dwarfed by Obie’s large ones as he points at things and asks what they are.  Tony smiles, and breathes in hazy air with the bright feeling that someone feels pride in what he does.  He likes that taste when it comes, wonders what his other half is doing now, thinking now to evoke such a thing.
And it's not better. He still wakes up, listens to Rachel knocking on the door, and thinks that today is the day. He misses Bucky. He misses the compound and his bed and his shield. He misses Nat like crazy, Wanda and Viz. He's not sure he misses Tony because Tony is not someone he ever had, but he does it anyway. His stubborness is funny like that.
"I sent him a phone, too. I told you that last time, didn't I? Sorry if I repeat myself, I'm going a bit stir-crazy here. It's like back in the thirties, being laid up with the flu. Trying not to die," Steve whispers. "Well, I sent him a phone and a letter, told him I was sorry, but he hasn't called. Gave the number out to everyone, and they'll talk, but not Tony. I know what you're thinking. I could call him. But I just...
Hope settles in well enough, though she doesn't hide her irritation that even Tony can beat her on the mat as well as she thinks she does. She's terrifyingly smart and can talk Donnie and Tony both into the ground when it comes to biology, though she has a little more trouble with Bruce. Hope is competitive but she's making a conscious effort to make it productive, something to motivate the rest of them. Clint tells her a few stories about Scott and she hangs on every word.
She looks thoroughly unimpressed. "Because reading politicians and board members takes no skill at all. Stop being prickly and work with me, boss."
He personally swung the shield at Black and Gold himself, rejoicing in the solid thud it made on impact instead of the clanging noises that woke him up at night. T'Challa's gift of vibranium could not be more welcome.
And Nat - Natasha who is so terrifyingly competent but walks around the halls like a ghost. She sees things in this compound, memories and nightmares that Tony can't understand. He is still so miserably angry with her but Tony won't let her fade away like this.
Later, when he's calmed down, Steve remembers that things happened even after the bomb. Diamondback hasn't changed out of her costume since they returned and she has yet to move from this spot outside Madame Hydra's observation room, but when Steve approaches her eyes snap straight to him, her senses not dulled in the slightest.
Tony takes a deep breath. "I'm worried. Sometimes. That I'm doing this for the wrong reasons. I'm not - I know part of it is my guilt, and that's selfish, alright, bringing that into the game. I'm not proud of it. I did - I did some messed up things in the fight. But what if it's spite? What if I can't give up just because that means that I was wrong?"
"I'm assuming FRIDAY filled you in," Tony says, dragging a finger across the black marble table top. "She told you I'm heading out."
"Tony," Pepper says softly. "You did the right thing. You and the Defenders saved a lot of people. Whatever the council decides...I'm always proud of you, you know that." Iron Man had caused so much grief between them, most of it Tony's fault, and he's so lucky to still have her with him. He taps her foot with his appreciatively and they smile at each other before returning to their respective tablets.
"Oh, yeah. Once when I was five and once when I was thirteen. Dad always told people he wouldn't pay a ransom, but it didn't really matter. He had SHIELD agents in his back pocket. I was back within the day. Didn't even realize I was kidnapped the last time, I just meant to hitchhike to my friend's house."
Tony sucks in a sharp breath, suddenly so dizzy. He is staring at Donald or maybe Coulson now, he doesn't know. He makes himself say "Explain this theory of yours to me."
it was something to behold live - but its better to keep everyone separate. The Avengers being spotted all in one place could lead to nothing but trouble.
"And we wouldn't want that!" Gwen chirps smartly. She gets up on her very tippy toes and he obliges her, crouching down so she can place a kiss on his cheek. "Thank you, Iron Man. You saved me and my friends. All of you. We won't forget."
Another long pause and Representative Rochambeau sighs. "The council will back you up, Mr. Stark. Now we will see if New York City will do the same."
"Right, right, I'm getting off track. This is just a prototype." Tony dismissed the hologram. "If we want to stay ahead, we've got to think practical, too. So, try this on for size instead: Rocket told me about these chips they have on Centauri II. You install them right into the brain, turns your whole system into a computer. You can interface with tech instantly. I could build something like that, no problem - I'm actually a little embarrassed I didn't come up with it myself, but that's exactly what I'm talking about, Steve. Thinking forward! Imagine what I could do with that. I'd have powers our enemies couldn't even begin to understand!"
"The Dora are very attentive. My father even more so," T'Challa says. Tony feels his grin turn bitter at the edges. "But I did envy them - my people. They lived to me what seemed like unfettered lives."
." T'Challa looks at him sadly and Tony realizes that he doesn't have to imagine, he can remember. "Sorry. I know I'm not helping my case."
"Really? Well, the man was certifiable," Tony remarks, coming over to inspect it. Rhodey's not wrong; the trigger is there but nothing's connecting it to the wires that would set off the bomb. "Let's not tell Spidey about this, okay?"
"-but being alone never helped anyone, Double D. That's why I wanted you and Mr. Cage here to meet." Cage tears his gaze away from the Accords at the mention of his name, eyes zeroing in on Daredevil, rigid at Tony's side. "You mentioned you wanted help taking on Kingpin. The Avengers are always there to lend a hand, but I figure a guy like you might appreciate something a little closer to home. And a guy like Cage here probably appreciates some righteous head-bashing."
"Great. It's been getting kinda toasty around here without her icy glare." Even with an entire country between them, Tony does not feel safe even referencing the tears Hope had cried when he brought Scott home with him in handcuffs. She'll know, somehow. Hope's spooky like that.
"You must try," T'Challa says, like he's reading Tony's mind. Or maybe Tony's been rambling out loud, he does that when he's over tired.
Rhodey sits, curiously ungainly in his braces. "No. You weren't making a peep. You weren't moving either. Stiff as a board, like rigor mortis. Freaked me the hell out, man, my muscles were tense just looking at you. You alright?"
Vision had paused by the end of Tony's second sentence and now he sets his beaker down carefully, turning towards Tony. "What do you wish to talk about, Tony?"
Tony takes a deep breath and lets it out slowly. "Okay," he whispers. "Okay. Let's do it, then." He pulls her along, opens the door to the room, and says "Anyone who has never willingly jumped off a building please exit the room!" His crack team of lawyers exchange confused but relieved glances and file out of the room as Natasha and Tony take seats on the opposite side of the table from Clint.
He grabs her signed copy of the Accords and with an exhausting bit of strength, tears it in two. "Don't sign these. Seriously, don't let anyone else know you signed this version, because the UN will take you for all you've got. We've got our own individual contracts lined up. Think about what you do and don't want and talk to legal. Until then, there's about eighty-five bedrooms in this place, knock yourself out."
But today, Tony hated him. Hated him for being right, hated him for seeing through Tony. Hated the name on his left wrist, just above Tony's own blank one. Whoever Sunset Bain was, she was in for a hell of a future.
"Yeah, and what about the Frozen Chosen sleeping down there?" Scott asks sharply. Steve frowns at his tone and the other man scoffs. "C'mon, Captain, let's be real here. We fought your friends at the airport to save Bucky Barnes. And now you're just gonna leave him? What did we fight for?"
later, no doubt. She waits for everybody to take a seat (and for Tony to clamber out of Rhodey's) before continuing. "Steve's team has been following the rogue operation of one Ophelia Sarkissian."
"Truly good men seem to be the only ones who do," she volleys right back, eyeing Tony up and down with no question of if a good man sits in front of her. He removes his hands from the letter just so he doesn't crush it on accident when they ball into fists.
Looking back, the first time Tony had met Steve had gone amazingly well. There had been Tony, stars in his eyes, shaking Steve’s hand and refusing to let go, and there had been Steve, not even trying to pull away, listening with rapt attention as Tony explained everything about the Academy and the Avengers in one impossibly long breath. And if they had just left it there, Jan mourned, if they could just limit Steve and Tony to two-sentence interactions per day, things would go great.
"Wakanda, of course, will not," Tony says, teasingly, and T'Challa smiles back even if he doesn't dispute this. T'Challa, as much as he tries to work the wise king act, is still young, barely thirty, and still very proud. It would gall him to have anyone but Wakandans protect his country. "Good work, Sir Pounce-a-lot. I owe you."
His temper, simmering since he awoke, snaps suddenly bright and flaring. He's stepping forward before he can stop himself. "Fine, you tell me, what's your plan? What's
"Don't lie to me, sweetheart, we all know he's immortal. He also has been known on occasion to push too far, and this is one of them. Remind your boss which gives first when you put Steve Rogers to the wall."
Scott pulls away and wipes at his eyes again before reaching down and gathering all his papers together. He hesitates and then hands Hope van Dyne's Accords to Steve, waiting until he has a firm grip. "I think you need them more than me," he says. He takes one last look around and sighs to himself. "Well. Hopefully T'Challa can arrest international criminals."
The council, in their infinite wisdom and constant terror of public backlash, let Rhodey off with a warning and an incredibly unsubtle hint that they'd be ecstatic if he resumed his partnership with the US government. Tony would have thought the United Nations would be wary of handing over that much firepower to the US armed forces but he supposes the Avengers are still a little too autonomous for them. Now they've got Captain Danvers trundling in every weekend to take Rhodey out for test flights. His best friend is happier than he's been in months, happier and healthier and gone. Tony had promised Rhodey he'd been fine but...
“Well, not in public,” Jan said with an unspoken ‘duh’ somewhere in there, and Natasha growled. The only one who made Stark cry was
Tony wrenches himself upright by DUM-E's arm, bringing the bot close when he whines. "Sorry, buddy, but I need - Wakanda, FRIDAY. Now."
Steve was still a little woozy, and more than a little indignant. He sagged against his soulmate and huffed. "I just couldn't, Bucky."
"I know you can, Don," he says, and the kid looks just a teensy bit mollified. "But practice never hurt anyone."
"But I've been away from the States for months, I dropped out of college." Aamir's voice is filled with self-loathing. "I thought my parents would always be there."
“The window broke first thing on the plane,” Steve agrees, and this conversation of half-filled fears is less gruesome than it has any right to be. Tony almost finds himself smiling in the brief seconds he isn’t wondering what the hell Fury was thinking, putting this team together. The Island of Misfit Toys was a part of fiction for a reason.
"Not Wakanda, then. Somewhere people don't have the resources to help themselves. Third world countries where the military would sooner spit on their graves then lift a finger to help, places where the military are the ones doing the killing," Steve snaps back. "Or, hell, even places like New York City. The police did the best they could but it wasn't enough. If we hadn't have been there New York would be a radioactive wasteland and Loki would likely still be around raising hell."
“She got sober?” I ask hopefully, wondering if the brave, brilliant woman Tony so admired and adored ever really existed.
. Nobody's owed happiness but surely Steve is owed something other than a chosen suicide and a new century where everyone who loved him is gone. He doesn't accept this, he refuses, and he's been putting up his dukes against the universe for four years now trying to beat this down.  He lives his life like a fight; he doesn't know another way anymore. And it felt like every single expectation he received, every secret he uncovered, every burden of command - STRIKE Team, the Avengers - was the universe fighting back.
Peter stares hard at him. "Get that changed, Mr. Stark. Seriously, it's messed up. I'll go on trial, probation, whatever, but jail - no way. I'm trying to help."
Scott is staring at him, his red eyes sharp and his mouth quirked down. Scott isn't like Tony or Bruce, or even Rhodey, their wits acerbic and intelligent in a way Steve has mistaken for cruelty before, but he's a genius in his own right and it's just as intense having that focus turned on Steve as it was whenever it was Tony staring him down. "I don't think," Scott says finally. "I'm the one you should be saying this to. This plan, this Fury guy? They're not going to fix anything."
"Your lab," Steve grumbled, sitting him down in a stool before collapsing heavily onto the one beside him. He rubbed his fingers in slow circles between his brows, pushing out with every pass until his forefinger and thumb were dug into his temples. Out of the corner of his eye he saw Tony place his dizzy head on one palm and settle in to stare at him, glassy eyed and smiling. "What?"
one. And Steve won't leave him behind again. "You're gonna take Tony's offer," he says, closing his eyes.
The HYDRA agent grins. It's slightly crazed and flecked with blood. "You will not stop me from my goal, Avengers. I was warned of you. The doctor told me what I must do. To save us all. The doctor told me. The doctor told me." There is a sing-song quality to his voice that sends ice straight down Tony's spine. The man raises his right hand and reveals the trigger. "To save us all. I was warned."
And to clarify, since someone will mention it: Steve is still intent on giving Wanda her space but he knows what his choice is. As for his, 'I need' stuff, yeah it is kind of pathological, but Steve himself is kind of pathological about this. This is the man who tried to enlist five times because he needed to be out there in the war. That doesn't mean his heart isn't in the right place.
"They never remembered her before." He feels like he's speaking around broken glass. "She was just - Howard's wife. Tony's mother. Now the whole world is going to know her name. Maria Stark. Loving wife, devoted mother, strangled to death by the Winter Soldier. God, I hate this, Pep."
He pushed a hand forward so it sunk into the Fog. Steve grabbed onto his shoulder, one more wait dropping from his lips, and Tony turned. He looked…scared. Sad.
Tony snorts. “I sneaked bourbon into her drinks at dinner because Jarvis thought I didn’t know where the bottle was. The cooking sherry, the wine bottles guests left as gifts. Jarvis and dad thought it was all her, but it was me. Because I wanted to help.”
The bomb was detonated in a park in Brussels and thankfully has so far claimed very few victims; HYDRA isn't that incompetent, so Tony knows that's the point. It's meant to
“…Expectations, mostly,” Tony answered, so quietly Steve almost couldn’t hear him. Then his face hardened, his tone brisk. “You don’t look like you have to worry about that here, though, all this…
"What doctor?" Tony blurts. "What are you saving us from?" Suddenly a burst of gunfire echoes loud over their comms and Tony hears Rhodey curse. He switches his speakers to private. "War Machine, report!"
By the time Tony's comes back to himself, Donnie is cold and still in the chamber, a bullet hole between his eyes.
Tony wasn't even watching the movie and yet the closer Steve got, the more clearly he could hear him recite the lines sometimes even before the characters on-screen said them. However, when Pepper saw him coming and said "Captain Rogers" Tony's head snapped up so fast Steve worried for his neck.
I tell him about the pain of letting a friend slip through your fingers and he - goes quiet. Sympathizes.
Barnes drops his eyes to the papers, skimming a hand over schematics, charts of data and graphs. Tony leans against the window, staring at the wall opposite him. They both wait for more, and don't get it. It'd be easier if Barnes was a machine. He could take him apart piece by piece, find the spanner in the works, the cracked power source, the faulty gear alignment, the clogged exhaust. Tony would clean him 'till he gleamed, make an adjustment to the frame and switch out a few bad parts and then put him back together again.
Steve nodded. He supposed that was all he could do, now. Be there. Isn't that what Tony had come knocking at his door for, so many months ago? To be there, in the present, with him. "Right."
Now, Tony reaches out, places his hands on Rhodey's collarbones, and plays the notes from so long ago. "We're way too old for this," he remarks, even as a small smile begins to stretch across his face. His hands had been so small beneath his mother's, not able to stretch for the more complicated notes, but Maria had always pretended that he had. "
He held his left hand out, wrist up, name bare. Bucky looked from his wrist to his face several times before his expression went sheepish. He reached his own arm out so that his left wrist rested on Steve's own. After a pleasurable moment of feeling each other's heartbeats through the physical manifestation of their bond, the oldest soulmate trick in the book, Steve had calmed down a bit.
The meeting adjourns and Tony waits until he has shaken every hand to collapse down in his chair. Instantly Natasha's hand is on his shoulder and Rhodey and T'Challa are passing through the wooden gate separating the audience from the rest of the room. "You did good, man," Rhodey assures him.
"Equivocation is no man's friend, Your Highness," Tony warns, straightening up. He gathers up his courage and meets T'Challa's eyes. "I want to tell. I do. But not tonight. I've got to get some sleep. What time are we heading out tomorrow?"
The three head farther in, trailing behind Vision, occasionally finding evidence of his presence. Coulson lets his agents pull a perimeter behind them but the army hangs back, the threat of terrigenesis very fresh on everyone's mind.
But now, looking around the room as he explains the information uncovered by the Avengers to his own team, he can see what he didn't before. Madame Hydra's confession plays and Diamondback pales as the Madame deems her 'special,' but it is Dagger who looks back at Steve imploringly, silently begging him to say something.
Vision is quiet for a long moment, eyes tracing something under Kamala's skin that Tony can't see. "I believe Ms. Khan would call you her savior. I would call you creator. Colonel Rhodes would call you friend, Agent Romanov her leader, Spider-Man his mentor."
What if God, the universe, whoever decided this cosmic bullshit looked at Tony's future and knew that he would do something so terrible he could never be loved by anyone? Saw something inherently lacking in an infant that no amount of wishing or trying could change?
"Tony," Steve breathed. And this one looked even more similar to his own then the older, bitter Tony he'd met last month did, if not for the impossible sadness was ingrained into his skin in the lines around his mouth and eyes. The older Tony, the one who had fought his own Steve, had had those too. (Steve had to wonder now: was his Tony the outlier then? Was the multiverse populated by sad-eyed Tonys who looked at Steve like he was the end of the world, except for his? What did that say about the two of them?)
He could do all that, and be no better than HYDRA. Make a mold of a man, and fit the broken pieces of a human being inside, burn and melt him until he had no choice but to give in, to fit.
"We're not starting a dialogue here," Fury finally snaps. "Your Highness, you have SHIELD's unending gratitude and a personal guarantee from me that our agents will never again cross your borders. Rogers, Wilson, you're already on the clock, so let's stop wasting everyone's time and get in the goddamned portal. Cloak!"
Well, gee, nothing like getting the 'acquaintance' brush-off from the girl you assisted building her eighth-grade science fair volcano. See if Tony ever makes realistic inflammable lava for her ever again. "Agent Carter. This is a surprise."
His phone rings, saving him from his thoughts, and T'Challa's grumpy face that Tony didn't have the balls to tell him how cat-like it was appears on his screen. "He has a flair for drama," he mutters out loud, and answers. It's time to hear Barnes' choice.
Tony glances over at Natasha, ignoring the way Rhodey is watching him carefully. His best friend should be out riding high with the other flyboys but apparently Tony has worried his platypus enough that he insisted on accompanying him to Europe to meet with the council and some key German officials.
But Bruce - Bruce is right there, looking at him steadily. He won't go away without a word from Tony and some old part of him bristles at that but he is mostly just. Glad, really. To have his friend by his side. He looks up, meets big, brown, concerned eyes. He pretends. "Will we be able to reverse-engineer anything out of it?"
"Of course," Sharon says, sliding into her customary spot to the left and just behind him. Lukin eyes Tony, his gaze feels cold and blue, then he raises his hand to Tony's shoulder, something glimmering in his palm, and rests it there.
The smile drops from his face. The screen, previously filled with lines of FRIDAY's code, dutifully clears, and a name pops up, one he didn't expect to hear from so soon.
"And you never forgave him," Rhodey finishes solemnly. "I mean, what did he know, right, Dummy turned out okay."
, he doesn't say, wishes he was brave enough to. The noise she makes, small and pained, makes him think she hears it anyway.
"I was dreaming," Tony says. Stops. Beats out the opening notes of 'Two Little Boys,' a song he only knew because it made his father sad. "About Howard."
The king draws his long coat open and pulls out a slip of paper. There is something else in there, a familiar looking packet, but Tony concentrates on the paper in front of him. It's a transfer slip for one Scott Edward Harris Lang from Wakandan custody to Belgian. "He will need more help than Agent Barton. It is my understanding that Mr. Lang has missed...'parole?'"
Much later, the kissing grows more fervent, and they wind up on a couch, Tony in his lap making all kinds of delightful noises, and Steve is so happy and
“What is this?” Tony asks suspiciously as Steve rounds the table to slide in behind him, arms wrapping around his waist.
“That’s me. Tony Stark. Red and gold, you got it, you brilliant incomprehensible weather front, you,” Tony cajoled. “You did good. Can I have my hand back?”
"Uh, no," Tony drawls, suddenly remembering why Carter women could be so very irritating. "No, no I don't. Rogers and Wilson don't get their gear and we take them down at the airport no problem. Zemo's plan is ruined, Barnes gets the help he needs, and Cap gets to continue on blissfully lying to me about my dead parents while the team sorts out these damn Accords. Or, Rogers and company aren't delayed waiting for you and head off to Russia while we chase after them and everyone goes to jail. But, yeah no, please tell me about your brave and gallant choice to stand up to The Man, Share. I'm all ears."
"You're hurting people, Double D. I'll have a copy of the Accords on this rooftop tomorrow night. I'll come back a week from now. Tell me what you think."
"Steve, we all know its been rough on you. Rachel's a psychopath, but she means well, getting you out and about," she says. "But if you're not biding time here, what are you doing?"
The kettle is whistling by the time Clint comes in, Kamala and Aamir trailing in after him. Tony raises an eyebrow at the elder Khan's presence but he supposes as Kamala's guardian he has just as much right to be here as the rest of them. "Oh, tea!" Kamala coos. "What kind?"
It's been two days since he first saw him, two nights of the same dream standing at his parents' graves with a fistful of dirt in his hand that he never manages to throw down onto their coffins, forty eight hours to wonder if he's doing the right thing. If there is even a right thing to be done here.
Libya is nice enough to let the quinjet hover in their airspace while they work. The death toll climbs and Tony gives it one more try, reaching for the phone. "We don't have to send in the whole team, but Iron Man and War Machine could make a world of difference-"
"Agent," Lukin admonishes before Tony can speak, but Tony keeps his eyes on his former cousin, watching the way her smile never reaches her eyes. "The evidence is compelling. We all want Barnes to have his trial. The sooner he's out and about and contributing to our great society, the better."
"And that is just how you like it," she accuses. On the edge of her voice, razor thin, is the beginning of a sob. "Having all the power over everybody else."
Steve nodded, putting on his 'Captain face' as Sam liked to call it. Then he looked around. "Wait. Where's Tony? I don't want to get started without him."
"Imagine having that fall into the wrong hands," Steve muttered, but Tony wasn't paying attention, putting his palm into the air and launching a projection hologram of his own body.
"I should have told you," Steve says. "When you asked. You were worth it, Bucky, all of it. All those times you protected me, it was about time for me to do the same. I just wish you were here now, you jerk. I told the others what happened in Siberia; they aren't too happy with me. I'm not too happy with me either. Honest, Buck, I didn't mean to hurt Tony like that, I just - kinda figured he'd never find out. I know that's not good enough, don't look at me like that."
Clint's face shutters closed for a moment before one of his kids hugs him tight. He looks up at his wife, then Natasha, then Kamala, with a kind of helpless look on his face. "I came back."
A long pause and then Tony's mouth went tight, his brows drawing tight and low. "Another Tony Stark. Jesus. What's he like?"
Rhodey snorts loudly over the comms. "Don, my man, if you don't think Tony Stark hasn't already got FRIDAY fabricating eight different frames as we speak then where have you been the past three months?"
“Shield HQ has a full medical bay, just -” he offered. When the other Tony raised an eyebrow and him and his outstretched arms, he gestured up and down the other man’s body. “You’re, well, the way you’re dressed, I thought-“
Tony looks from person to person, his team, eyes finally landing on Natasha, who is staring steadily back. "So," he lets out shakily. "Separate but equal here? That's the game plan."
Tony’s hand are so tight around his arms. He tries to focus on that, on the feel of them, on Tony’s back muscles moving under his fingers. But he’s floating somewhere, or sinking down, to wherever Bucky hides now, wherever Peggy’s mind goes, wherever Dum Dum and Morita and Phillips went after they passed. Steve never keeps anything good. “Don’t leave me,” he repeats. “Don’t.”
In that moment, he had only himself, and it was enough. He built a model from the data; if the universe wouldn't give him a future, he'd make his own. He'd apply to MIT again next year, and next year he'd get in. He'd graduate, he'd take over Stark, and he'd change the world right under his father's nose. And they would fall over their feet to praise him while he laughed at them the whole time. He'd never love them back. He'd never care. See how they liked it.
They have not spoken in a non-professional manner since even before their break up but she is at his side in a moment.
Tony doesn't say any of that because Natasha will not ever be ready to hear it. "I'm not giving anything to you, Romanov, you're one of the smartest people I know; you've worked with the Avengers for years. You are the best person for the job. We're not - we're not like we were and -" something flashes in Natasha's eyes and Tony takes a deep breath. "Nat, I need your help here."
"We've just received intel from Steve," Natasha explains when Tony turns to her for translation of Barton's words. "Yesterday, actually, but last night you were..."
"It worked once. It could again, with adjustments. I had to try. Either I fixed it, or I found you. I would be welcomed back with open arms, regardless," she replies with a shrug. "A new world order is being built. I will not be left behind."
"You won't like how I retaliate," Ross had said. He'd told Tony how forthcoming Zemo had been. And now the whole world watches his parents scream and cry and beg for mercy. The whole world has a piece of Tony's pain to dissect and tear apart.
Vision inclines his head and withdraws, going back to his workstation. Tony baldly switches the conversation to Viz's next adventure in cooking and the night is no longer silent.
That small flush of victory only lasts so long. War Machine and Iron Man make it to Oscorp just in time to see the glider burst from one of the top stories, Daredevil pinned between two of its blades and barely hanging on while the green figure ragdolls Spider-Man around.
nearly," Tony insists. "He threw her off a rooftop and he would've done a lot worse to everybody else up there and Peter - Peter, I won't take away your right to feel sorry for the man, to regret what happened to him, because you, you clearly loved the Osborns. When I looked over, and Obie was
Cage eyes him suspiciously then gestures at a bar stool. He is already flipping through the Accords when Tony leaves.
And surely enough not three seconds later, a tiny reddish-gold dot appeared in the sky, headed their way, flanked on either side by smaller, darker blots that soon revealed themselves to be Peter Quill and Rocket Raccoon as the three got closer. Moments later, Rocket and Peter had dropped to the ground and, already well accustomed to Stark theatrics, moved out of the way so Tony could do his customary three-point landing.
"Yeah," Tony says. "Yeah. Go on without me, okay? I'll be down in a sec, I just-" He waves at the air around him and Rhodey nods understandingly, flipping the faceplate down and descending to where the War Marchine robots wait to dis-arm him.
He'd thought that Tony was spoiled, albeit with a unhealthily large dose of trauma. Thought that, given a few years and the stability of the Avengers, Tony would grow out of it. He'd never thought Tony's motivation came from something like this.
Tony’s fists were balled up and he was nearly on his tiptoes just to compensate for those few extra inches. Steve’s fair skin was red, his chin turned up – defensive, but all Tony Stark could see was Captain America looking down his nose at him.
"Thank you," Tony says by rote, as he taps a log of what she's told him into his own private database. "It's not looking any better on my end. There's no tampering of the video outside Osborn's cell near the time of his death, but we did find a blackout several hours ahead of time. There's no toxicology report from his time in the hospital or after his transfer and the prison had his body cremated."
Steve stepped forward, suddenly worried. Tony was dressed in scrubs, after all, who knew what kind of situation he had fallen out of when the Time Fog got him.
The nice thing about Natasha is her ability to have an entire conversation in very short sentences and minute facial expressions, but apparently Natasha has forgotten this skill because she goes straight for the jugular. "Why haven't you called him, Tony? Or gone to see him, since you clearly know where he is. You could show him the Accords yourself, talk to him -"
"Erm, uh...well, HERBIE, for one. That was one of the first AIs ever invented, you know. Dr. Reed Richards. Batshit insane man, but I thought the idea of precedence would be thematically appropriate. Or PLATO, but I was hoping to save him for the automated defense system me and Rhodey have been working on. The last one, I kinda like it, but I'm not sure how Rogers would take it..."
"Look, I know that you don't know me, or my former team very well," he says slowly. "But what I can tell you is this - Fury named us the Avengers, but we were the ones who made it our own. We may not have always been able to defend people like we want, but we could see to it that the justice they deserve is found. Avenger wasn't a noun for us, it was an - idea. A thought. Impossible to destroy. And we made it into reality."
“You know we can’t go back,” Tony whispers. Steve stiffens in his arms, and then relaxes all at once like a great weight has been lifted off of him.
Steve nods, facing away from Sam but no longer looking at Bucky. Iron Man is still on the news, dark and red-eyed and new. "I can be mad at him, too."
"No. No machines and no robots," the heavily-accented commander refuses. "We will not be another Sokovia."
Tony almost spits back, but godammit that would only prove T'Challa's point. "So what's the line, then, Highness, since you seem so well-informed? What's in the space between protection and control?"
“Oh, I’ll always be right here,” Tony says, sarcastically cheerful when Steve turns to find him mowing down a line of Chitauri. “Right by your side. Even if it kills me.” The last bit is delivered in a grumble, because everything is still not fixed and some days are hard for both of them. But they are getting better. Steve stands at Tony’s back on the battlefield and knows he is right where he belongs. He’s determined to never forget it again.
a scrawl reads on the front, and that is Tony's writing. Steve's whole body tenses, curls over the slip of brown paper.
"Um, hi?" Tony tries. The woman's shoulders tense and she snatches off her helmet. "Mrs. Pym?" Tony says dazedly, but no, her eyes are too blue, her features a touch too sharp. Mrs. Pym was always smiling, too, one of the few adults to say hello when Tony was allowed down at Howard's parties. "Hope van Dyne. Pleasure."
Four different responses try to fight themselves out at once: relief, at knowing that Bucky isn't alone, that Wanda's with him; continuing concern about Tony; anger that Bucky's struggle isn't over. Not a word of it made it out of his mouth.
War Machine's taken a few bad hits, one of them even precise to affect the targeting on his shoulder-mounted machine gun, but since they've stopped worrying about casualties he and Tony let out the big guns. T'Challa is a one man army, jumping from woman to woman on the ground to give them some breathing room and Widow's Bites are arcing all over the place. Quake is keeping entire units pinned to the ground while Agents May and Morse make sure they stay down. The army keeps its fire careful and precise, picking up any stragglers. Ten minutes of non-stop noise later it comes to an end, the last few HYDRA agents deciding that killing themselves is better than being taken alive.
"So, what do you say?" He says, clapping hands just to hear the flat thud again. "Team All Black Everything against the Rainbow Squad?"
"Email pparker@msst.edu, no subject line, body reads." Tony swallows, opens his mouth to cancel the whole thing, and then braves on. "
"We're telling Coulson, right?" Bruce asks. "I mean, why mess with the trigger when you could just use an empty bomb?" Tony nods, remember the shell casings all over the place. "They basically handed us a sample of their top-secret formula. Why?"
Howard breathes in his ear from thirty five years ago, Baby's First Board Meeting, no one's your friend Tony, it all will be yours Tony, so tear them apart, Tony, before they can get you.
He retrieves each copy of their amended Accords the next week, snorting when he sees Jessica Jones' notes on Cage's copy, impressed by the extensive knowledge of the law evident in Daredevil's, amused by the copious amounts of 'WTF's and exclamation points in Peter's.
He doesn’t love Steve when he comes back, fresh and uninjured and taking up space on the floor below Tony’s in the Tower. He loves his companionship, loves his humor, loves the pranks he’s brave enough to play on Natasha, but he doesn’t love him.
“No, I just-I'm dealing with it.” Steve says quietly, slipping Tony's hand away from his mouth, but not before leaving another kiss there.
Steve thought, and sat up a little straighter in his seat.  Russel was an omega.  It made a certain kind of sense, and Steve had been a little sweet on him since last year, when Russel shared his mallow cup at lunch.  As if he sensed the classroom full of curious eyes on him, Russel grinned, whipping his gloves out of his pocket, and very conspicuously pulling them on.
"Thanks Captain Marvel, you're a beautiful sight as ever."  He says, shooting her a little salute where she's hovering beside him.
“It was, you're a wreck Shellhead.” He notes with satisfaction, cutting Tony's affronted ranting off before it begins by sliding down Tony's body to drag his tongue through the mess on his stomach and chest. The taste is bitter, but not bad at all, and it's worth it for the shocked sound it punches from Tony's lips.
“Hey.” Steve says, smiling when Tony passes him a bottle of the sweet lambic beer he hates but Steve has come to love.
JARVIS sighs theatrically, pulling up the footage of Steve stroking his hair and tucking him into bed.  “I do not think he would care, and I think sir, that at the very least you owe it to yourself to test the waters.” Tony replays the footage from the previous night over and over.
“I'm sorry you had to see that.” He says quietly, shame and embarrassment twisting up the words.  Beside him Iron Man goes still. There's an electrical buzzing at the center of him. A frequency Steve has never heard. He remembers Torch sounding a little like this, but there had been fire in him instead of this soft electrical hum.  There's nothing organic about it at all, but he knows in his heart if he were to open the face-plate a flesh and blood man is inside. It's almost more comforting this way. Not having to see pity in someone else's eyes makes it slightly easier to pull himself together and pretend.
“You're doing so well, God...look at you, taking it so good, fuck, Tony.” He groans out, grabbing Tony's arms and pinning them above his head, crossing his wrists to hold them there with one hand, and stroking over Tony's face, then down over his throat, his chest, until he wraps his hand around Tony's cock to touch him in time with the deep rolling thrusts into his body. Tony doesn't fight his hold at all, instead, he shifts his hips around, grinding back against Steve, and giving a harsh wordless cry when Steve nails him just right.
“Hey” Tony mumbles, shooting him a wounded glance, lips turning down in a mock frown. “that's mean.”
“Captain America, biggest superhero ever, also part time space heater for Tony Stark, who would have thought.” Tony says; the smile on his face stretching into something real and fond now.
“What, turn up the heat when I can see you shivering?  I don’t think so, Cap.  I think that’s exactly what I have to do.  Especially since...”  He bit his bottom lip then snapped his mouth shut.  Steve wondered what he’d been about to say, but he didn’t want to ask anything else of him.
“Ya don’t say, seemed like such a nice guy.  You should invite him by for sushi sometime.”  Errol Flynn in purple said.  He was stroking the shaft of an arrow with an air of deep contemplation.
“We will, but you better take your hearing aides out or you might regret telling us that. Isn't that right Cap?” Steve feels his face heat with the images that conjures. He pulls Tony a little more tightly against himself, trying to adjust his train of thought into something that doesn't involve Tony and a bed.
“No seriously, I'm not long for this world, I'm-ooh, is that silk?” Tony is touching him fully now, fingers curling just right.
“Mister Stark would just find someone else to pilot the suit.” Iron Man says quietly. “I was...sick for a while. There were other pilots lined up for the job. There's only one you though, I can't think of anyone else throwing the shield like you.” Even though he's speaking in past tense, Steve feels a wave of terror slice through him as surely as any knife. Tony had been sick, or maybe even dying as his words imply. Steve imagines an absent spot at his side, waking in a world without Tony Stark in it, and even worse, Tony silently suffering alone, bound to secrecy by the identity he keeps so closely.
“I’m not joining any sort of funny business enterprise.”  Steve said with as much conviction as he could muster, he knew it was rude to interrupt people while they spoke, but there was no way this could be on the level.  He was probably going to get bumped off if he wasn’t careful.
“No. No blindfolds.” He whispers, stock still, eyes wide and glassy. Steve holds his face between his hands, leaning their foreheads together. Rhodey is there too, murmuring an incorrect equation, then another. Tony wrinkles his nose, blinking out of his haze to glare over at his mathematical butcher of a friend.
“You don't want to come and eat something, maybe get some rest?” Steve asks softly, carefully, and Tony feels something bitter and ugly curl up in his chest. He regards Steve from the corner of his eye, head tipped back against fine leather, and the words just rise out of him hopeless and bitter and poisonous.
“Aw I don’t know, seems pretty homey, especially that big metal contraption you had over there.”  Maybe sass might not have been the right way to approach this, but Dr. Erskine’s gaze sharpened as if he’d said something right.
“Come on another date with me.” He says, completely derailing Tony's frankly obscene train of thought.
“Yeah, you need Taxi service Mister Stark?” Cheeky. Tony smiles, sighing when Steve runs his fingers through his hair and bends to kiss his forehead.
“You want me to put a plate together? There's a lot over on the counter.” Steve offers, concerned Tony is going to be sitting up at S.I. hungry.  Tony just shakes his head, digging into his stolen goods with a few big bites.
“Stark. Thought you'd be long gone by now.” Despite his best efforts, he still sounds a little hopeful. Sure enough Tony catches it, lips turning upward as he moves his arm from around his shoulder to give his waist a quick squeeze, before letting it drop away so they can walk down the hallway side by side.
“Ah but that makes you extraordinary Mister Rogers.  But forgive me, I have not introduced myself.  My name is Doctor Abraham Erskine, and I do believe we can help each other out,”  Dr. Erskine began.
“Yeah, about that.”  Iron Man said, subdued in a way Steve might have heard in a churchyard.  Steve swallowed.  He didn’t like the sound of that at all.  “You’ve been gone a long time, Cap.” In the distance, a city was coming into view.  Towering buildings dotted the landscape, but tucked within that alien labyrinth of metal and glass, the Empire State Building shone out like a beacon.  “A really, really long time.”
“Strong, wow. Um.” Iron Man shakes his hand out, flexing his fingers and turning towards him. Eerie blue eyes gaze into his. He wonders if the man behind the mask is looking at him with disgust. He shouldn't have, had not meant to show so much.  “Hey it's okay. Well I mean-no it's really not-do you, do you want to talk about it? I mean uh. I'm not a licensed therapist or anything but I have ears in this tin can.”
“It was very dramatic. There was a laser light show, possibly a few explosions as well.” Iron Man says archly, Stark sputters a bit. Pepper steps aside to place a large stack of leather bound files on the kitchen table and Steve finally gets a good look at Mister Stark.
“It's your color.” He says when Tony looks down at it, fingers slipping over the cool glowing plastic. “The holograms, your holograms. The arc light, it's...it's that blue.” Steve stutters out, his eyes wide and so incredibly blue in the soft light of the necklaces. Tony forgets to breathe. Steve
“Is Steve awake?” Tony all but croaks, giving up on the state of his clothes and going over to grab a spare set out of his lab closet. Technically he could live down here for weeks and never emerge, but he's trying something new.
He draws her holding a gun and kicking her enemies in the face. When he gives it to her she laughs and kisses him on the cheek. He swears he's red for days after that.
“Oh this is unacceptable. How, explain.” Doom's tone reminds him a little of a teacher scolding a student who just failed a softball of a test.  Steve pinches the bridge of his nose for patience.
Steve laughs, nodding, adjusting the grip on the flowers behind his back and grinning when Tony claps his hands together-all bright eyes and unstoppable excitement. He's either feeling a lot better than the he was a few days ago, or he's better at hiding it now. Steve sniffs, the minty scent is still there but it's not as strong as it was before. He hopes Tony hasn't been down here working on something for him when he could have been resting.
“Mhmm, yes, very convincing.” It should be against the law for Captain America to sound so knowing when Tony's trying to lie, really.  Tony manages to unstick his face from where it's been pressed against his personal space heater and gives Steve what he hopes is a very stern face. Steve smiles though, so he guesses it's not frightening.
It's a smaller room, all done up in light colors and muted florals. The curtains are drawn on the windows, casting long shadows across a stately grand piano. Atop the fireplace a large vase full of pink carnations dotted through with pale Queen Anne's Lace lends the room a gentle floral scent. Steve wonders who goes out to buy the flowers, they're obviously fresh.
The links were right where he’d left them, sitting on top of the other, more personal gift.  The gift he would very likely never give, but this at least he could do.  Tony would wear them all day.  They’d be on his wrists, all day long, Steve’s gift.  Steve swallowed, tucking the little red box against his chest and jogging back towards the kitchen.
“Sure, let yourself in, door’s open.”  It wasn’t up to his usual standards.  He would have gotten up, opened the door for his guest and welcomed them in, but at that moment it was almost too much effort to even be upright.
“Honestly Cap, he'd probably like just about anything from you, because it's you that gave it to him.” There, Steve is smiling again, and it's not a lie. Tony's been given a lot of things in his life. Cars and watches, and you name it really-but there's few things people have given him out of simple affection. He can count on two hands gifts given to him that came with no strings or stipulations or expectations attached.
“Sorry JARVIS, usually I'd go along with this, but I didn't pull my brother out of the desert not to go to him first when he has some crazy memory whammy going on.”
“I'm sorry I didn't mean to upset you.” Steve says hurriedly. He never could handle it when women cried, when anyone cried, truth be told, and he doubts he could handle it now. With the way he's feeling it might set him off too, and that would just be embarrassing.
Dreams swirl around him, for how long he does not know, but then, then, he sees it. A glimmer of gold, the flash of his medallion, and he reaches for it as it sinks towards him, rising up out of the wreckage of the downed plane. He finds himself on the deck of a ship, it leans to and fro, bobbing along choppy waters he knows so well. The world is painted in tones of blue, dark and foreboding, the sky almost indistinguishable from the cold waters below. Wind whips, howling wild through hanging ropes and carrying the sound of someone singing lowly. It is a song he knows, passed down by good Irish boys making port in the fish markets of his childhood, one he sang around the fire with the invaders what seems lifetimes ago now. He follows that voice, follows the tug of something pulling behind his heart
“Tony,” Steve says sharply, almost as though he's been struck. He takes a breath though, speaks again softly, as if there's a bomb in the room. “Tony don't talk about yourself like that-and that's not at all what I want, and I'm sorry, so sorry if I've said something or done something to make you think-to make you think you're not special to me.” Steve scoots closer, dropping to his knees on the carpet so he can get close without looming. His hand rests near Tony's, but he doesn't touch, seemingly waiting for Tony to bridge that gap if he wants to. Tony can't look at him all over again.
“Just didn't want to jostle you.” Steve tugs him back down, stretching them both out on the couch lengthwise, and reaching up to slide his thumbs over Tony's cheekbones, right under his eyes.  “Tony.” Steve says again, looking up at him in the dim half light of the room. It's so similar to the infamous day of Cockblock Radio that Tony half expects their communicators to start going off.
“Uh-” Steve manages, stepping a little closer, afraid that if he moves too fast this will all prove to be some kind of dream.
JARVIS wisely says nothing, merely projecting a large screen. On it Tony is where he remembers falling asleep. It stays like that for a while before a shadow falls across the doorway, and Tony is treated to the surreality of Captain America carrying him to bed with all the care one might expect from a lover.
Tony’s mouth moved for a moment, and then he slowly lowered the sandwich.  “Why are you dressed like a centerfold, Steve?”
“Is this the part where I say I know?” Steve asks, the corners of his lips twitching with a smile. Tony laughs, curling his hand over Steve's neck, fingers playing over the short hair at the nape of his neck in a light touch that makes him shiver.
“Tony, you alright?” Steve murmurs, turning him so that they're leaning into each others space; effectively putting himself between the sidewalk traffic and Tony.
“Oh yeah? Maybe I'm an exhibitionist, don't kinkshame me Clinton.” Tony snipes.  Steve isn't sure he wants to know what the meaning of 'kinkshaming' is. It sounds decidedly like something he would look up in the middle of the night in a fit of excessive curiosity-and then regret his eidetic memory for the rest of time.
“What about it-wow you're already starting to heal some.” Iron Man sounds distracted, but Steve presses on.
“Honey, Oh, Honey, God you're sweet,” Tony moans, lifting his head to watch as Steve presses into him fully. One of his hands flies out, strokes over Steve's abdomen, tugs lightly at the blond curls around the base of his cock, and Steve whines, shivers, his hips rolling but going still with another panted moan because Tony has not told him to move yet. “There we go,” Tony pants out, “All in me, all mine, good boy.”
“I'll have JARVIS run a facial recognition sweep to see if we can place his last whereabouts, and ping all his contact information first.  Any plan to draw him out is dependent on whether or not anyone can even get in touch with him. Let's start with that, I promise not to use myself as bait unless it's the only way.” Somehow that's not entirely comforting, but it's a far better compromise than Tony's initial plan.
“Yessir, and how drastic are we talking, because from where I'm standing that kiss was...it was pretty drastic.” Steve is at a loss, but the knowledge that Tony might love him brings new resolve. Steve has never been a quitter, and he's not about to take up the habit.
“Yeah, they're for him. Is there...does he have a favorite flower?” A thin blue beam of light shoots out of his phone in that moment, scanning around the room once before disappearing as quickly as it came.
“Don't worry, I'll keep them from harassing him too much. Only I get his guns now.” Rhodes says with a wide smile. Tony finally removes his coffee cup from his mouth and takes the Colonel's hand with a dramatic flourish.
At night he was still alone though.  He struggled to sleep.  The bed was comfortable, the temperature perfect, but sleep, if it did come was short and filled with nightmares.  He woke more often than not with his heart pounding and a scream caught in his throat.  Back during the war, his inability to truly come down from a rush wasn’t as much of a problem.  There was always another mission, always something to move towards.  He never had more than a day or two of waiting around.
“Did you catch her name, who was she?”  Steve asks, ready and willing to be swept into Tony’s enthusiasm as he ever is.
They arrived at an inconspicuously grimy looking office with very little fanfare.  It looked like the sort of place you might go to find a notary, perfectly inconspicuous in its conspicuousness.  When they walked in, Dr. Erskine said something that sounded a lot like gibberish, but Steve noted the elderly woman at the back of the office as she clipped something back up under her desk.  Steve could smell metal all around the room.
“No.” Tony says somewhat petulantly at being caught dropping eaves. Technically it's not, after all it's not as if they don't know he's there. He
“I'm fine, I can get past this.”  He knows it’s not the forties anymore-that people won’t look down at him for speaking with a therapist, but the forties weren’t that long ago for him.  It’s difficult to shake the notion that someone like him ought to lock everything up tighter than a bank vault.
“Off to bed now?” Steve asks, reaching out to cup his cheek-slipping his hand up to stroke a thumb just under his eyes. “Been resting? You look tired there mister big brain, gotta remember to give that noggin some time off.” Steve murmurs, the corners of his eyes crinkling fondly. Tony realizes suddenly that he's been holding his breath. He lets it out with a gusty sigh, hanging his head in defeat. He
much worse than this, I can't believe you would do this to me. I am Betrayed, shot through the heart-” Tony's rant is cut off by Happy gesturing around at the garage. Oh. Next to him Steve is laughing, looking kiss ravaged and blissed out. It's a good look for him.
“Adhesive, what kind of adhesive?”  His question was answered as they landed by the Brooklyn Bridge.  Cars were at a standstill, he could hear people breaking their windows to climb out of their cars.  He had seen this before, a lifetime ago now it seemed.  Adhesive X, but it couldn’t be?  Zemo had escaped, but he had hoped someone had taken old sockface out in his absence.  Down the street some kind of black suited knight landed, he was riding a winged horse.  Steve blinked in confusion.  Maybe Baron Zemo had nothing to do with this after all.  He sure hoped not.
“Mhmm, yes.” Tony answers immediately, then holds his arms out, twisting his face in an expression Rhodey has known him long enough to be immune to-but Steve still has yet to learn. “Carry me Steve.” He looks up at Steve through his lashes, and is rewarded by that large solid body coming right up into his space.
Tony thinks about that-about laying it all out; his identity as Iron Man, his trip to Seattle, his fears for what he's set in motion should the worst occur. No. He doesn't think Steve would still love him if he knew all that, no matter what Steve may think right now. The breath feels frozen in his chest, his lungs tight, and his eyes hot with the desire to just bawl his eyes out in his room, or maybe right here where Steve can get a really good look at what kind of mess he's given his tag to. He pushes it down though, swallows past the lump in his throat.
“What do you think he wants then? Does he just want to hurt you now-cause trouble for you?” Steve knows there are many forms of hurt, and despite Tony assuring them earlier that the Hulk has no cause to scramble one Tiberius Stone's brains into pudding, the look in Tony's eyes tells him Stone's antics were anything but painless.
shouldn't say things like that to me in public Steve. It's not fair.” Tony might be whining but Steve seems to find it endearing. As if to prove that unvoiced opinion, Steve pulls him down into long heated kisses. Tony's brain is definitely not firing on all cylinders, but that hardly seems to matter.
“Why, you want to gaze into my eyes?” Tony flutters his lashes for effect. Steve shrugs, reaching over to take Tony's free hand in his.
“Steve, beloved, I'm so glad.” Tony kisses him again, leaving his body humming as he always does. “I'm just going to get up for a moment, alright, we need to get clean and then we can spend our lazy day in bed, hmm?” Tony slips away from him then, and Steve's mouth goes dry, his cock stirring ambitiously between his legs when Tony drops the robe in a heap on the floor and saunters off into the bathroom.
Widow climbed into the front seat of the car and spread her fingers over glowing dials, she was nice enough not to mention the scent of badly in need of a bath alpha that must have been wafting off of him.  There was no steering wheel, of course there wasn’t.  It was all beautiful, glowing technology, and he was lost, not in space, but in time.
He stays a little longer to update security software and check camera feeds. The compound is quiet, the intruder long, long gone. Tony's shoulders slump in defeat after he reboots the darkened machines and gets everything running again. He walks outside after double and triple checking his people are safe, punching the autopilot for New York as he takes off into the sky. During the flight back he monitors feeds from all around the Seattle facility. The whole place had gone dark the moment Ty had shown up, but some grainy CCTV footage caught his figure on the way there. He had been traveling by foot, in a dark gray hoodie and scuffed work boots. He doesn't look good at all. Ty has always been a preening asshole, seeing him looking better suited to a dive bar than a rooftop lounge is jarring. It makes something awful and nervous creep along Tony's spine. He resolves to improve security on the Arc powering the mansion, and his own personal reactor, the one faithfully keeping his heart running. He gets the feeling there's a whole lot of magic at play here, but the monster, and Ty himself left Seattle's reactor intact.
“Hi.”  He said, fixing the now fidgeting man with his most disapproving look, “I’m Captain America.”  The guy seemed to wilt, but he also looked tremendously annoyed.
“Sometimes.” Tony says softly, one hand going up to press at his chest. “Sometimes even Kevlar isn't enough."
“Your fingers are so big, dove, so lovely and big, just what I want.” Tony keeps talking, even as Steve slowly works one lubed finger into him, his breath hitching on a moan as he pushes back to take it deeper.
“Aw Cap, way to ruin my fun.” Hawkeye grumps, but Tony barely registers it over the shriek of alarm bells on the HUD.
“I. Am great.” Tony murmurs breathlessly, leaning down to pepper Steve's face with kisses.  “Where did you learn that anyway, how did you...nevermind. I need you to take that gorgeous cock of yours and do something productive with it, because while I love your fingers so much I could write an aria to them, I would really,
“Okay, bye for real now, there's a big blond hunk on a motorcycle I have to see about.” Tony's eyes glitter with amusement, he taps his ear to end the call, taking the helmet and strapping it in place with a few deft movements.
The images go black and white. Tony leans forward, feels the ground spin away from underneath him. "I know that road..."
Steve smiled fondly even as a tiny furrow appeared between his brows. "You don't have to show up the entire galaxy, Tony. I think what you're doing now is more than enough."
"Tony, this is Captain Carol Danvers," Rhodey says when he gets closer. Carol stands - she's taller than him, dammit - and sticks out a hand.
"That would explain the death rate, but not why Terrigenesis is giving people strange powers," Bruce interjects. "Kamala's amazing, but she's not a super soldier."
Neither of them are happy when the rest of the team suits up to head to Canada, but Clint can't go twenty yards beyond the compound's walls and Hope still isn't quite meshing with the rest of them.
"If he left the shield with you, he's coming back," Kamala says confidently. "Captain America doesn't just give up." Her
"Yes," T'Challa says slowly, glancing away. "The United States will likely back some level of free movement, considering Lukin's support and Ellis' dire need for public approval. If any other countries want to take the offer, it is free to negotiation."
"The Accords are still going to be there no matter what we do," Tony says softly. "And we need to be seen as accountable, so if a blow's coming, I'll gladly take it. The Accords came to be because of fear and mistrust, and the only way we're going to fix that is proving to everyone otherwise. Reminding them of what the Avengers really stand for. If the media wants to shout fear-mongering rhetoric at them, then we make sure our actions speak even louder." He looks over at T'Challa to see the king staring back, eyes glimmering with something indefinable. "...in the meantime we amend the charter as best we can. You ready with your proposal?"
Gamora snorted derisively. "Please. Iron Man alone won't stop the Chitauri and Ronan will pound you into pretty red-and-gold smears before your first attack. We need to come up with a plan for Ronan's next attack."
He is out the door in the next second, five feet down the hall, then ten, then he is drifting to the side, putting a hand to the wall and beating a mindless rhythm against it until his elbow buckles from the force of his shaking. His shoulder hits first, then his back, and it sends a shock of hurt through his chest that lingers. Then his feet give out from underneath him, and he slides down the wall.
Donnie's tears have frozen on his cheek and the air is so cold Tony can see his breath when he breathes out. "Guess I'm proving you right," the kid says miserably, not looking up. "Unstable. Untrustworthy. Out of control."
"Pep, Pep, Pepper, honey," he tries, and her eyes well up and he pulls her into a hug. "You are the best woman I've ever known. And I knew Peggy Carter. I knew my mom."
getting missions from Fury. And never the twain shall meet, apparently. World's ending and the man's still playing Spy Games."
A sleeve pulled back, and a name revealed. But it did not fill her with the sickness and hatred it did last night. Her heart rose up into her throat, buoyed by joy. There was a name where once there were smudges.
Captain Rogers, this is Vision. Do not be alarmed, this line is completely secure. I wished to inquire as to your well-being.
Captain Danvers smiles brightly and pulls him into a hug. "We miss you around the base. No matter what, you promise to come visit us soon, alright?" When she gets a nod from Rhodey she rises and shakes Tony's hand again. "Iron Man's help would not go unappreciated either, Mr. Stark. Food for thought. It was nice to meet you. I'll see myself out."
There is no response and Tony puts the call on mute, turning towards Natasha. "Absolutely not. You are not going in alone."
Steve watches as Wanda runs her hand over Bucky's chamber. "Can you feel him?" he asks her in a near-whisper. "Is he okay?"
Obie and his father straighten outside, shake hands; the dream is about to end and his mother's blue eyes take up his entire field of vision. He smiles at her, he always should have smiled more for her, shouldn't have been so short-tempered, should have made her stay home with him that night. "You're asking for the impossible."
Steve realizes with frightening clarity. It shouldn't have been a surprise; Fury trusts nobody beyond his most loyal lieutenants. But the fight over the Accords, the Civil War as the press had inanely started calling it, seems to have broken what little faith Fury had in them in the first place. The man is scrambling, desperate for a way to regain control over a situation that had gotten away from all of them.
Steve glances to where Bucky lays dormant. "Him, safe. And I wanted to do what I promised Dr. Erskine. I promised to stay who I was. Am. 'Not a perfect soldier, but a good man.' I didn't want to just follow orders and fall in line. I tried it once, when I woke up here, I thought it would help, but it only made things worse. The people in charge have changed, or maybe its me. The world's a lot...louder now. Messier, more gray. I don't know where I fit in that."
"My powers are still really wiggy. I can't go out in public like this, but I can't not be at my family's funeral. Dr. Banner said the only thing he could think of was drugs and to ask you instead. I - I don't want drugs. I want to remember."
"No. You couldn't have. Even you knew that, in the end." The specter of his father has nothing to say that; Tony suspects he's probably gone entirely. He releases his fingers one by one, and Steve's eyes grow wider and wider at his every move. There is light peeking through the gaps of his fingers, because of course Captain America's heart shines. "It'll hold," Tony whispers to him. "This is my head, right? I won't let it break, I know it's stronger than that. You just gotta have a little faith in me, Steve."
Maybe Steve even wanted it too. Tony did, in his heart of hearts. A legion of Avengers, together, connected. Helping each other and protecting the world. An Avengers
She holds his gaze for a long moment - normally when people do this, their eyes flick a little back and forth as they move from iris to iris; not Natasha. She stares at him, true and steady, until she's satisfied, and the moment passes. She'll accept it for now, and push when she has to. Natasha's learned some things, too. "So," she says, breaking the gaze and the moment. "What are the top three picks so far for your new bundle of joy?"
Tony doesn't answer because he still believes in these Accords, still believes in the cooperation they represent. He can't be the playboy who denied his suits to Congress with a peace sign anymore, even if he never will give his suits up (
Tony starts at that, looking at Bruce like he's crazy. "Of course I'm proud of him. Do you know what that kid has done in the past four months? Nothing short of incredible."
Tony is back in the car with his mother, a hot morning in New York outside St. Patrick's Cathedral. Obie and his father are once again leaning on the hood of the Cadillac, sharing a cigar and talking about work while they people-watch. His mother is running her fingers down the rosary that Tony lost seven years after her death. He never forgave himself for that. There are so many things for which has never forgiven himself.
"The scientists here are making me a temporary prosthetic. Should be ready in a day or two, and Stark wanted his answer around then," Bucky answers.
“Well, then, I’m adding to my Trauma Tetris,” he goes on. “The drinking. I didn’t get it from Howard. Got it from my mama.” He laughs. He sobs. I can’t tell the difference. I can’t even speak.
Tony found himself scrambling to his feet. "Secretary Lukin. Didn't know you were dropping by today."
"Fuck, fuck, fuck," Tony chants to himself. "Widow, Panther, fall back to War Machine, lend a hand. Vision stay with me. Spider-Man, do you read?" The crazy man is laughing as Black Widow and Panther retreat.
"The Avengers?" Nat can't help but start guessing, and its not surprising that once she stops and thinks, she gets it. Her eyes widen, head tilting towards Tony like they're conspiring. "Bucky Barnes. That's...big of you."
Hey thank you all for waiting so long! I never meant for that to happen, but I got intimidated by my own story and kind of. Lost the plot. And my head. Sorry!
“I assure you it is,” Brian said, insufferably sure. “I believe you Yanks have borrowed a phrase from the Japanese, what is it…oh yes. ‘Notice me, senpai.’ Though Heaven help Tony once Steve finally does.” Natasha felt her mouth fall open as several things fell into place. Brian took no notice, gathering up his jetpack and facemask to head to class. “Ah, well. Until that time, I’ll be happy to join Stark for body shots at the club. Care to join?”
"So," Natasha says, and when Tony looks back Rhodey's gaze is now directed at the other screen Tony has up. "That doesn't look like the armor."
"Bringing the car around," Rhodey answers. "You are ice cold, man, like you've been sitting in the snow. You sure you're okay?"
"Staff Sergeant." Steve returned the gesture somewhat stiffly, never quite ready for it. The days when he was Private Rogers, potato-peeler extraordinaire and all-around fat-head, still didn't seem all that far away.
"You're a strange one," Stark told the robot, blinking slowly at him as if his eyes were playing tricks on him. "Where do you hail from, friend?"
"You know me, sweetheart, I always dream big." Tony smiles bitterly at his reflection in the window. "Least important up, please."
"I do not! The things you create are amazing, Tony, I always like hearing you talk about them. The suit is-" His eyes ran up and down Tony's form. "The suit is great. Can't wait to see you put it through its paces."
"And I always will be. We were friends first, Tony." But her eyes are so sad. Tony has been a hard experience for her.
EDITED: One of Steve's lines because it was really jack-assy in a way I didn't like. Other than that this chapter is unchanged.
"Loud and clear, kid," Tony says, straightening up. "We just worry. First-class worriers here. Perks of the job. Or did you miss my late-night chats at Kamala's bedside and the five million version of braces Rhodey's never going to use or Clint's inability to not feed us or Hope's love affair with bandages?"
“I – well, to tell the truth, it’s a bit fuzzy, but I think we might be under attack by an alien force. I know my team can fight them back no matter what, but I need to be by their side.”
"If they can't have them, no one can," Tony surmises grimly. Panther's claws scrape horribly across his own suit.
"Nothing," Tony insists, and it sounds like a plea. "I don't know why I called. I just - I messed up. And I-"
Tony startles in shock. "You remember that?" Tony had reluctantly let Rhodey in on this quirk in college but they hadn't counted the beats together since he was twenty one and took control of Stark Industries. Tony still does it sometimes, tapping out rhythms onto his collarbone or the arc reactor when it was still there, tables and chairs and anything solid, anything that grounded him. Pepper used to let him count the beats on her spine at night, said it helped her sleep better. Tony had never loved her quite so much as those moments.
"But if rules are placed upon us, the same will be demanded of them," T'Challa finishes for him. "A compromise, then."
Natasha, the coolest and most collected super spy ever, practically vibrates with tension at his side.
Tony closes his eyes and breathes again. Tony hates the quiet more than anything; it's no coincidence all the worst moments of the past five years of his life all include the loss of JARVIS or FRIDAY in his ear. But for once he doesn't want the constant clamor of the suit, the bright lights and noise and the reminders that there is always something waiting for him out there. There are no more quiet moments left for Tony. Just a few stolen seconds in the breeze, his suit wrapped tight around him like a ready-made coffin, how has no one ever seen that Tony built himself a coffin-
No, no, Steve wasn't let him leave on that. "Hey, Tony," he said, catching the other man's arm just as he began to turn. "Listen to me. If you do one thing - anything - in my name, you do this: you live. Do you hear me? You live, Tony. You have a great life."
"Hopefully less than there would be if I let all of you run around half-cocked like you did last May," Fury retorts sharply. "In this line of work, the job is to save as many as we can. Sometimes the way to do that isn't the way of righteousness after all. There isn't any more room for mistakes or personal feelings, Captain. As long as both teams do their jobs, we can take HYDRA down. So what's it going to be?"
This is not a mistake, Tony knows that to his bones. Peter is the best of them. Peter is one thousand mistakes gluing themselves back together.
The new suit was beautiful, no doubt about it, cast in a much brighter red and gold than normally used in the suits and burnished to a glimmering sheen. Its shoulders were spiked and wide, the plating in the arms and thighs casting an intimidating figure. Iron Man raised his head, revealing a cold, golden stare that would strike fear into the hearts of his foes. The suit practically thrummed with power.
"Not at all," T'Challa replies immediately. "They are direly needed. It is not only about what is fair to the Avengers but what is just for all of us. The Avengers as they were before were dangerous. Completely autonomous and nigh unstoppable. But this seems like such a simple matter and yet here you stand, eight hours away from hearing determining your future. I know they will side in your favor, but will they do it because it's right or because they have been backed into a corner?"
HOYL CRAP IT IS YOU. Look i know im only suppose to use this in emergencies but tony gave it to me and i couldnt resist. im that kid in red and blue. you dropped a cargo thing on me?
Steve straightened, going stiff, and a cold breeze seemed to shiver down everyone's spine. Tony was still smiling, as cheerfully manic as he ever was, but those words...they didn't sound right from his mouth. He didn't sound like himself anymore as he babbled on.
T'Challa just raises an eyebrow, glancing to his side. "I'm assuming the spider will be going with us?"
oh I'm here now," Aamir breathes. "I won't leave you again, I'm so sorry. Are you - take all the time you need, I'll be right here when you wake up, little sister. I swear, I swear." He rocks her back and forth a little and Tony doesn't remark about all the tubes he's knocking around but begins to back up. Aamir looks up at the movement and focuses blearily on Tony. "Thank you all, thank you so much. I can never repay you for this."
She didn't feel it when he died. She hadn't felt him in a long time. They threw dirt on his coffin, and James held Steve's hand the entire ceremony, and she didn't look at the grave. Her soulmate's body wasn't there. He had been dead for years.
Stranger still is a red hourglass he instinctively identifies as compassion, a shining medal for loyalty, a black claw of honor, a yellow gem gleaming with curiosity and a green one of forgiveness.
The green figure has descended on the terrified group of Oscorp employees on the roof, being guarded by Cage. "Come now," the green man cackles, his voice distorted horribly through the insane mask he's wearing. "I only want just the one. Hand over Dr. Anderson and the rest go free."
Steve shoves that thought far, far down. Nothing's lost here, nothing that can't be regained. Even Tony will one day forgive him, even Bucky will one day come out of cryo. There's nothing here that can't be fixed, there's nothing here that can't be fixed. He just has to be certain and true. One foot in front of the other, from the time he was little, sick and frail. If he stopped moving, if he stood still, Fate would finally catch him.
Madame Hydra snarls and raises her whip hand but suddenly a flash of pink and black lands behind her and Diamondback is there, a hand shoved into her back while the other wraps around Hydra's throat. "Hi, honey," Diamondback whispers, sweetly menacing. "I'm home."
He turns the page, and finds himself. He is in a vest and tie, slightly disheveled, leaning in towards the viewer. Hand outstretched, palms up. Helping. "Godammit," he whispers, the paper crunching up in his fist.
"If I go out with you, I can make sure they don't send you and T'Challa into some death trap just to save a few of their own men. And they're not going to kill me, Honey-bear. I realize the threat of UN sanctions isn't very scary, but these people aren't stupid. It's all going to be fine."
"Everybody loves an underdog," he grits out. Then he explains, more slowly, his plan to use Tiberius to sway a whole world's worth of skeptics and juries and judges (and executioners), to predetermine the outcome of for a trial that, if they do everything right, won't even happen. Barnes' gaze never wavers the entire time. "Your story's already out there, Barnes, if someone wants to dig hard enough. Zemo proved that. Why not tell it your way before it can happen again?"
"I am sorry." Barnes' whisper breaks on the last word, and Tony wants to run, feels his feet press harder into the floor on reflex, back muscles clenching. He slides his hands to the edge of the table and holds on.
She smiles graciously and gets to her feet, heading off to give more goodbyes to Scott. Sam, sensing Steve's spiralling mood, leaves as well.
Steve will never be able to comprehend what Bucky went through, what he still goes through, but he thought that whatever came he'd be able to help. Now it is staring him in the face and he doesn't know what to say.
The blonde woman steps forward, uncharacteristically demure up until this point. She catches Tony's eyes from under her eyelashes and ducks a nod to the others. "The Avengers. We're acquainted."
It would be shamefully easy to slip back into his old ways, and for thirty-eight hours Tony does. He locks himself in his lab and doesn't eat or drink, he just builds. FRIDAY has been reduced to a drone in the background the way he never could manage with JARVIS, but even through her constant needling for him to take care of himself she keeps everybody out. Tony movies from one project to the next without stopping, even when his hands come out from the Iron Man suit bloody. Butterfingers nearly ends up with a brand new head when it tries to bring a soldering Tony bandages, which brings its on hosts of worries that result in Tony spending an hour on the floor with his bots and bottle of vodka, apologizing every five minutes. Dummy has never been apologized to, before; he thinks its making the robot very anxious.
"I could say 'too long' but that would make me sound like an ass since you were dead," Tony says, his flippant tone descending into a snarl the more he talks. "Or I could say 'not long enough' but that would also make me sound like an ass since
Tony whistles as they assemble in the living room. "By far the best looking superhero team ever," he declares.
"Let me go," he rasps out, and the robot laughs at him, fingers digging and twisting into the arc reactor and it hurts, it hurts so much.
"Or maybe it could have all gone even worse," Steve reasoned. "I'd rather have you building something new then have you ever build another weapon. I'd
. No one's asking for perfection, and no one minds if he's weak sometimes. He has a team to help him! He never has to go that far. And then he has the nerve to tell me he's doing it to protect me. I would
seemed advance and history lessons that told him about a future he never got to have. He’d led the Howling Commandos as best he could, but how could that prepare him for a team of young heroes who could wipe the floor with whole platoons of the Axis armies?*
But Ty is surprisingly quiet on the other end for a long minute. When he speaks, his voice vacillates between his Serious Journalist Voice and real sincerity. "They're scared, T. Newark was one thing, an extremely terrifying thing that brought back a lot of bad memories for the entire region. Whole families died in that neighborhood. But now its happened again and has apparently blindsided everyone, including the people sworn to protect us. For every person who insists that living in fear is giving the terrorists exactly what they want, you've got another who wants to nuke whole sections of the planet to hell just so they can feel safe. Anti-Muslim violence is on the rise again, Europe is very visibly scrambling and on top of all that the Avengers are missing half their roster and are only just now recovering their image from that time they went around destroying airports. Nobody trusts anybody. Well, that's always been the kernel of truth, the damn secret of the universe, but now more than ever. And people will forget about Brussels like they forgot about Newark and they forget about the thousand other atrocities I let pass by my desk every day because no one wants to hear about them, until it happens all over again.
He savagely wrenched it off of Tony’s chest and threw it on the ground. Steve then grabbed his forearm and yanked him closer with a strong grip that sent a throbbing pain up Tony’s arm.
All he wished was that he enjoyed raising her as much as Tony did. He wished he could be the person Tony needed him to be. And Steve tried. He has been trying. He’s been trying so hard to be
When he looked into Tony’s eyes, he was home. The memories that came flooding back didn’t make Steve as sad as they used to. Instead, he was filled with gratitude to know that he, a man who used to have nothing, had the ability to experience a love so profound that it hurt when it was gone.
Steve remembered every minute detail. He missed the feeling of Tony’s warmth when their bodies were intertwined in each other's embrace. Steve danced his fingertips through Tony’s soft curls and then his husband used to look up at him with an everlasting love that made Steve feel that as long as Tony, his entire world, was in his arms, everything in life would be okay. Then, the kiss. The kiss that held enough fire to shine through the coldest and darkest moments of Steve's life. In Tony’s eyes, lips, arms, Steve knew that he had found his place.
Tony attempted to tap on his arc reactor to activate his suit but Steve was faster and much stronger
Tony kept his gaze on the floating figure who went to the edge of the summit. The cloth on its cloak flowing behind it. He could feel himself becoming colder by the second as the wind became stronger. His gut started to feel uneasy. He didn’t know what was going to happen, but he had a very bad feeling in the pit of his stomach. Something was wrong. Very wrong.
It didn’t take long for the tears to slip down Steve’s face and stain his jeans. He looked away from Morgan and wiped them with his sleeve. There was no way to bring back the past. It hurt, it hurt more than anything, but he and Tony tried. They tried to get their happy endings.
His face flooded with tears of relief as he lifted his hand out of the water. In front of him lied the bright orange soul stone. He was happy for a few blissful seconds before the bleak sea of guilt consumed him. He started screaming into his hands. He screamed until his voice went hoarse and cried until his eyes throbbed. He sat there like a small, neglected child and pulled his knees to his chest. “T-Tony… T-Tony…”
We all think that at first.” The hooded figure turned and in that instant, its face was recognizable. The Red Skull peered vacantly at Steve. “We are all...
“In order to take the stone you must lose that which you love.” He never took his eyes off of Tony, “A soul… for a soul.”
Steve clenched his fists as he stared over the ledge. His body was tight. He remained silent for a long while.
When Steve came out of the ice, he thought he didn’t have anyone. Until he finally met the love of his life.
“And then Dad and I watched a movie together and then after that we went to the grocery store and then we got some of the fruit pops! And then I ate my favorite one-”
Steve came forward and examined the semicircular engraving on the rock below his feet. As he continued, his stomach twisted when he overlooked the sheer drop. He had never been a fan of heights. He walked over to the edge and peeked his head downwards. Through the mist far below was a full circle with similar engraved decoration.
.” He continued staring, brows furrowed. His body was in a defensive stance, “I don’t want to have to kill you, but I will…
But Tony, as always, loved him in such a way that made Steve feel like he could do anything. His husband consoled him and said that starting a family might be the best thing that has ever happened to them. At that point, Steve felt a bit inspired. Maybe with enough planning, he could still have the shield and manage a family. And, who knew? Perhaps Tony was right. Fatherhood might of been the next best thing.
It was hard, but Tony knew he had to stay focused. There were more important things right now. More important than Steve and him. It was getting that stone. It was all that mattered at the moment. “This is going to work, Rogers.” He meddled with the sand below him, voice flat, “We’ll get the stone.”
Every time he looked at him, let alone thought about him, his insides burned with the familiar infernal of betrayal. The feelings would then flow into an endless river of remorse before shifting into a bottomless sea of rage.
Steve watched with his eyes full of sorrow as Tony fell to his death. During the final seconds of his life, Tony cried out for him. He had his arm extended above him as if he was reaching out for Steve to save him from his soon to be unavoidable fate.
His glare never ceased. As it continued, the longer Tony felt it burn into his soul. He glanced towards Steve uncomfortably. Something wasn’t right about this.
The gaze in Tony’s eyes was overflowing with pure admiration. It consumed him. As Steve stood and stared, he wished that somehow Tony could share some of it with him.
It didn’t take long for Steve and Tony to finally divorce. Nobody’s fault. Luckily, it was clean, smooth, and quick. There were no harsh feelings towards each other. To Steve, however, it was bittersweet. It meant no Morgan, but it also meant no more Tony.
Tony’s eyes bounced from Steve’s to the Red Skull’s, “I… I don’t understand…” He stared at the Red Skull, still confused. Then he turned back to Steve. “Steve… I don’t understand…”
“Well,” She took a deep breath in, “I finally landed one of my spins at ice skating practice and then Dad told me how proud he was of me and then we went out to get cheeseburgers!”
Morgan was six now and Steve was thankful. There were only twelve more years of this before she goes to college. Just twelve more years… twelve more years…
Welcome, Steven, son of Joseph.” Its brittle voice echoed. Its unrecognizable face turned to Tony, “Anthony, son of Howard.”
She stopped and placed her hands in her lap and swung her legs, “Dad and I looked at the stars last night. They were really pretty. We even drew some of them.”
“No,” He clenched his jaw, shutting his eyes once again. He shook his head and tried his best not to cry, “Everything is fine.”
As Steve stood on top of a small sand dune his body was tense and vigilant. He gazed upwards, scanning the surroundings of this unknown planet. The sky was a starless blend of blue and purple hues with the only source of light being a mellow orange sun consumed by the moon. A full eclipse. With heavy eyes, he gripped the handles of his shield tighter and glanced behind him.
The Red Skull spoke and this time his eyes locked on Tony once again, “They're not for him.” His voice quiet.
Steve looked back at Tony, tears in his eyes. “Whatever it takes, Tony…” He said, “I promised the team… whatever it takes.”
Steve wanted to say he missed her too, but his daughter didn’t deserve to be lied to. He broke his gaze away from Tony and stared sorrowfully down at the drive way.  “Lets go get some ice cream, yeah?”
The first few years of his marriage with Tony were steady. Easy, even. As time went on, they became a deterrent to each others more aggressive and unstable behavior. They balanced eachother out most often than not. Missions were more a success and decisions regarding the team were more coordinated. They were fluid and in synchronization with each other on the battlefield and at home.
is it. If he did it right. If he would finally get the stone. The figure stood by the edge in an eerie silence, nodding his head in slow approval. “What you seek… lies before you… A soul....” His brittle voice repeated once again, his purpose coming to an end, “For a soul...”
Tony felt like he was suffocating. He stared tearfully down at his arc reactor trying his best to reach it, but Steve jerked him away. “NO! STEVE! LET GO OF ME!” Tony choked on his tears. He hit Steve’s arms, his chest, and he even punched him in the face, but his efforts to escape remained futile. “Steve… no… no… please… please don’t do this… we’ll find another way… ”
When Tony looked up at him, his eyes were void of the resentment from before. Instead, they were replaced with strokes of a year's worth of regretful sorrow. His soft brown eyes met the burdened blue ones in front of him. Neither of them blinked for what seemed like the longest time. When Steve stole the opportunity to take a step closer, Tony quickly took one back. Brown eyes soon broke contact and went back at the sand. “We’re wasting time.” His facial expression changed and his voice went bitter.
He had to savor these last moments because this was the closest he could get just to being with him. Seeing Tony’s face was the only thing that reminded Steve to keep going. It reminded him that he had a home. It reminded Steve that he was safe.
Steve took a deep breath in, clearing his thoughts, “This has to work.” His usually confident and firm voice was wobbly, “The stone… must be up there... It has to be… It is.” They had to focus on the task at hand. Getting the soul stone. That was it.
When Steve turned his attention to her, he had to force himself to look happy. He tried to smile, but he was sure it turned out to be more of an accidental grimace. He then gave her a small, unenthusiastic wave.
The blond was overwhelmed by a bright streak of light that burned his corneas. He closed his eyes in agony and then in an instant, he woke up in a shallow pool of water by the base of the mountain. He sat up searching for the stone until he felt something in his hand.
Centuries…  perhaps. Time works differently here. All I know is that a lifetime ago, I, too, sought the stones. I even held one in my hand. But…  it cast me out, banished me here. Until the end of time, I must remain here… guiding others to a treasure I cannot possess.”
“No, Morgan. No.” Steve was practically groveling at this point. He sounded exasperated but he had to know. He
“Yeah! I had a lot of fun!” She started to quiet down and her expression began to calm. She turned and stared at all of the trees, her eyes glowing with interest. “The trees are very pretty. I drew some at school on tuesday… I think...”
He drove as slow as possible to delay what waited for him once he finally reached his destination. The distance from Brooklyn to his and Tony’s old house was time consuming but, Steve wished it to be even longer. It was the house that was often too painful to look at. It held too many memories. The house that was once so full of love before the warmth seeped out quietly, gradually from the cracks. If Steve were being honest, he wasn’t sure if there was any left. He glanced down at his empty ring finger and tried to silence his thoughts. Most times, especially when he was alone, he could still feel the golden band wrapped snug around it. So many years ago.
Tony laughed bitterly, shaking his head. He did a full one eighty spin, running his hands through his hair. Sighing, he continued laughing at the irony of the situation. From the start, he knew something was going to go wrong. There was
He rose his head back up to Tony and gave him a final nod goodbye. Tony gave a quick nod back. Turning back to his daughter, “Go on. Get in.” He said, his voice low. Once she let go, he slid into the driver’s seat and patiently waited for Morgan to get settled in the back. She climbed in and smiled at Steve. “Seatbelt!” She giggled playfully.
He turned his attention back towards the road. He needed to move on. He had to. It had been about four years since the divorce and it hurt to say that things hadn’t gotten any better for him. The remorse never ceased. It always lingered behind him, wrapping its lonesome arms around him when he was most vulnerable. The guilt and the loss he felt still ate away at him most nights. The thing was, Steve didn’t hate kids. He never minded them. If anything, he was somewhat indifferent about them.
It was peacefully quiet in the car for a few beats before his daughter chirped up again, “Are you still beating up bad guys? Cause I wanna do that one day!” She jokingly started punching the air in front of her, “Pow pow pow!”
“Tony…” Steve spoke softly, desperately. His eyes swelled with tears that trailed down the brunette's hands. “We promised… I promised…”
It didn’t take long before Tony’s conscience started nagging at him. Maybe he shouldn’t have said that. Bucky was dead. Died in the snap. Even after everything that had happened, Tony felt that he should have the tiniest bit of empathy.
The figure turned its back towards the two as it went through the domed opening. “It is my curse…  to know all who journey here.”
Then, it slowly rained down on him and his heart started aching when he began to realize what this meant. “You don’t mean…” Tony tried, but he felt his throat closing up. Steve stared down at him gently tightening his grip on their hands.
Steve dropped his shield and it landed on the rocky ground with a loud clang. “This… this is our one shot, Tony. Our one shot to get the stones… our one shot to bring everyone back.” As he began stepping closer, he showed no signs of stopping. “We can’t mess this up. Not again. I cannot fail… again.”
. He was still Cap, just not as often as he wanted to be. He only went on local missions and tried to help out wherever he could. He couldn’t travel too far because his family needed him on weekends. He was still trying though, he was. He was trying to be
After that, things weren’t the same. It put a serious strain on their relationship and made their life even more difficult. Day by day it felt as if their love was fizzling out like an old spark. At the worst times, Steve thought of walking out but he could never do that to his kid. She didn’t deserve that.
The endless trail of trees guided Steve down the everlasting dark road. He wished he could lose himself in the blurred scene, but the pang of regret sulking in his stomach didn’t allow his thoughts to rest. Driving as slow as possible, the pressure of his right foot was next to nothing on the gas pedal. Thankfully, there was no one else on the road. Knowing that he had to pick up his daughter, Morgan, every weekend filled him with dread. Tony had sole custody of her but, that didn’t bother Steve though. He never wanted full custody of her to begin with.
Tears slipped from Tony's eyes too. He knew this feeling. It was branded into his heart. Eight years ago, Siberia. The sequence that will haunt his nightmares for the end of all time. Betrayal. Even after everything, Tony didn’t want to fight. He never wanted to fight to begin with. But, he had to.
The figure looked at Tony with the same secluded glare from before, “In order to take the stone you must lose that which you love. “A soul…for a soul.”
When he held his daughter in his arms for the first time, he knew that was a mistake. He instantly descended into a downwards spiral of loathing and discontentment. Before, he was unsure about kids but within the first year he knew deep
Tony kept his distance as he followed faintly behind him. The walk up the mountain was long, but surprisingly not difficult. Luckily, the weather was forgiving and not as harsh as either as them thought it would be. Despite the absence of life, the planet was warm. A rush of relief calmed Steve’s nerves knowing that due to this, there was no competition. No one else to fight. No struggle.
Morgan then took one last look at Tony before slinging her backpack over her shoulder and running over towards Steve. She hugged his lower body with everything she had. Steve tensed, but tried his best not to peel her away. He gave her a single pat on the head before turning back towards Tony.
“Papa!” Morgan jumped up excitedly and smiled at him. Her long brown hair was like a little bird’s nest on her head. Her face was bright and her smile wide. Her happiness cast the light of a thousand suns when she looked at her other father.
He helped him take those little brave baby steps into becoming a new person. Even though it didn’t work out as well as either of them hoped, Steve knew he had to keep on moving forward. He had to try to become whole again. But, he had to move on first.
Tony didn’t hesitate to smack Steve’s arm away and glare up at him. His eyes held a thousand daggers that tore their way into Steve’s chest. “Don’t… touch me.” His voice full of venom and his body tense. Ever since what happened between him and Steve, ever since Siberia, things weren’t the same.
“Hmmm…” She pondered, tilting her head toward the trees, “He said that… he and you used to look up at the stars too.”
His daughter continued beaming with joy, “And then we went outside the other day and we saw a daddy deer and his babies! He reminded me of you because you’re tall and the dear was tall!”
for and it broke him. His new life revolved around that child. Tony couldn’t handle her alone, so Steve stayed. It was strenuous and exhausting.
Tony looked down and shook his head. He used one hand to wipe his face and brush some of his dark brown and grey curls away from his forehead. All he wanted was to get this over with. It was difficult being with Steve again. Tony had spent the last eight years trying to forget and move on. He thought he was doing a good job until he got off the Guardians' ship and saw
When they were still married, Tony thought that Steve needed some time to get used to everything. That wasn’t the case though. Steve knew he had no true enjoyment from this big lifestyle change. Once he came clean to Tony about how he felt, it made him upset. More than that.
“What did he say?” Steve blurted. He looked at her longer than he had since he arrived at the lake house. His voice was somewhat desperate and if anything, he felt quite embarrassed.
The blond then gazed at Tony who looked even better than he imagined. All he wore was a simple black cardigan and a burgundy shirt that was a little big on him.
parent, but he wasn’t necessarily a great one either.  He was there, yes. But, he wasn't as committed and affectionate as Tony was. For the longest time, Steve thought there was something wrong with him. Maybe there was. Being with his own daughter was tiring and looking at her filled him with sorrow of what else could’ve been. He tried his best to ignore it. He sucked it up and kept on going because it didn’t matter how he felt. This wasn't about him. It was about
They followed the effortless path that was made clear by centuries or more of feet that led up to the summit. Every now and then, Steve would steal a glance behind him, just to make sure Tony was doing okay.
“I’m sorry, Tony…” The tears continued sliding down his face, “ I promised them… I promised you…  I promised myself... Whatever it takes.”
, their home. It didn’t take long for Steve to realize that Tony had an insatiable desire to have kids, he wanted a family. And that sounded great on the outside, but to Steve, that terrified him to his core. He wasn’t ready to make that big of a jump. Marriage was already something he never thought he could have, but did. It was perfect. He had never been happier.
. Even though this new lifestyle sucked away his own happiness, Steve truly did love his daughter and he wasn’t going to let his emotions interfere with her upbringing.
As the full lake house came into view, Steve’s shoulders hung down with the choices of his past. When he pulled into the dark brown driveway, he saw Tony sitting with Morgan on the steps of the house. She had on a light blue dress and had a pink backpack resting next to her. It was the one Steve remembered getting her for her birthday this year.
Tony then looked away from Morgan and up to him. Steve was glad to see that Tony looked extremely well and was taking care of himself. Somehow, he was even more beautiful than Steve remembered. All he did was stare into Tony’s warm brown eyes and it made him feel safe again. It made him feel at home.
in the first place. They took the jump together and didn't know where they were gonna come down. But they still did it.
Tony watched as the blond’s eyes flashed with disbelief before it quickly transformed into wrath, “It's
What you seek lies before you...” The figure loomed, “As does what you… Steven Rogers... truly fear.”
Steve’s grip tightened on the steering wheel. He didn’t look back at her. “Yes, Morgan.” He was emotionless, “I’ve been beating up the bad guys.”
Whenever he offered her to bond with Steve the blond would often shy away, rejecting the offer. When she was young, he often kept his distance. If anything, he only held her about three times when she was a baby. Even now, he still felt uneasy touching her. It was often difficult.
Both of them stared at the figure preparing for a fight. Steve gripped the handles of his shield even tighter and Tony tapped on his arc reactor. His Iron Man armor covered only his left hand, repulsor ready.
A few uneasy seconds passed as Steve and Tony searched for the stone or anything that could lead them closer to it. Then, Steve heard something. He heard someone. Peeking his head up, he saw a floating hooded creature form from the shadows in front of him. Instinctively, he rushed over to Tony and pulled him behind himself.
Steve blinked himself out of his trance and nodded to himself. Turning ahead, he began walking towards the mountain. “Right.” He agreed. He promised himself to keep his priorities focused on the mountain ahead. Getting the soul stone was all that mattered right now. Whatever it takes.
The masked silhouette, once again, ignored Steve’s empty threats. Instead, its eyes glowered towards Stark, “The soul stone holds a special place among the Infinity Stones. You might say it has a certain... wisdom. To ensure that whoever possesses it understands its power... the stone demands a sacrifice.”
Tony took parenting like a fish to water. He knew how to hold her, how to calm her down, how to be a good dad, how to
“I HAVE A DAUGHTER!” He continued hitting Steve to make him let go, but the grip tightened. Tony let out a small whimper as the pain became unbearable. Steve said nothing as the tears continued falling from his eyes.
“Steve…” Tony’s fear took over his actions. He wasn't going to let Steve jump. He reached forward and pulled the blond's arm to bring him away from the ledge. He and his partner held hands and Tony watched as the tears slid out of his sullen blue eyes and down his face, “You are not going to jump, do you understand me?” Tony commanded,  “We’ll get the stone. Just not like this. We'll find another way. I promise you, we’ll find another way.”
