"I'm sorry if I woke you and made you uncomfortable," he managed to say, feeling his stomach curl at the thought of having made himself a burden, "I-I thought the nightmares were just about done."
A candle made John rear back as he yanked the door open, eyes squinting against the unexpected flame. Sherlock's face was all shadow and bone above the flickering flame, and it contorted into something akin to worry as he leaned forward.
His mother walked away, leaving them alone and his father patted him on the back, "I don't care who you date, son, as long as they make you happy. You can't choose who you fall in love with, after all, eh?" he winked and Sherlock nodded before he walked away.
John rubbed his thumbs over Sherlock's skin, quirking his mouth. "I think I am. It's just one step closer to putting that bastard away."
"So... After you stopped Sebastian from attacking Sherlock on Friday... It didn't occur to you that he may try again? You just... left Sherlock there, unprotected." She was being relentless now and Sherlock gripped tighter to John's hand.
Mary watched as John tried to bring Sherlock back, but the vacant stare was still there. "John... He's not responding, I
"I will, I promise you that," Sherlock said seriously and looked at Mr. Watson, his face conveying just how serious he was about that statement.
Sherlock frowned, continuing to hold John and try his best to soothe him. Ms. Rodin soon joined them again and she didn't look too hopeful.
Sherlock smiled into the kiss and wrapped his arms around the shorter boy's waist, ignoring the whistles from their classmates. He pulled away and out of the corner of his eye he saw Sebastian and a couple of other rugby players. Sebastian had his arms crossed in front of his chest and he was shaking his head.
John could just barely feel that Sherlock was there, but it wasn't enough to wake him. His nightmare shifted to complete darkness where he could only just barely make out the form of Sherlock far in the distance. But no matter how fast he ran he couldn't reach him.
John leaned his head over and hummed as Sherlock washed him. "I know. Your health comes first, I wouldn't want you to push it. It's just a little lonely." He grabbed the shampoo, turning around so that he was facing Sherlock and started lathering his hair.
Sherlock smiled and cupped John's cheek. "Thank you," he whispered and leaned up to kiss him. He let a small whimper out, part of him not expecting to ever get to do this again, but John was here and he wasn't going to leave. So Sherlock let his desperation out through the kiss, opening wide for John and stroking his tongue along the inside of his mouth.
Sherlock sighed, he'd never felt this happy with anyone before and never had he wanted to protect someone an take care of someone as much has he felt with John. He grinned and chuckled as John placed the crown of flowers on his head. "Thank you," he said and kissed John on the neck.
Mr. Watson watched the scene between the two boys and smiled. The fact that Sherlock was willing to blackmail to keep his son showed just how much he loved him (and how dangerous the Holmes family could be if you crossed them). It was then that he noticed the ring on John's left hand. "John... Where did you get that?"
Several hours passed before Sherlock awoke and when he did, he blinked his eyes rapidly before looking down, seeing a hand linked with his own. He looked back up to see who it was and was shocked to see John sitting there, having convinced himself that he wouldn't want anything to do with him anymore. "John?" he said, his voice rough.
"Mmm," Sherlock mumbled in his sleep and held John tighter, nuzzling the top of his head. He didn't want to wake up and he didn't want to move. He'd never been more comfortable than he was right now.
Sherlock swallowed thickly as he watched John take off his jumper. "Okay... Maybe that wasn't one of my best ideas..." he murmured. His eyes fixated on his lover's chest and he tightened his fists. As John started working on his nipple again, he groaned and threw his head back, closing his eyes.
John chuckled a little, kissing Sherlock's forehead. "You're still adorable, you know." He stroked Sherlock's head gently. "I don't know how attractive I am now, but I must have been an ugly baby. I can't find one picture of Mum holding me..." He looked off across the room, still absently petting Sherlock.
He then removed a smaller case and opened it, revealing his violin. He smiled fondly and ran his fingers along the strings. It had been a while since he'd played, but he had nothing else to occupy himself today and he wanted to do something special for John.
John chuckled a little. "Like that, do you?" He lapped over it again, using his hands to pull Sherlock apart more. "I like knowing what you like. I want to know everything that makes you scream." He plunged his tongue inside, curling it against his lover's inner walls.
"I told you I would still love you," he said quietly. "That is a little scary to know, but only because you came so close to never coming into my life. But the fact that you overcame something like that means that you're even more amazing than I thought." He smiled faintly, "from now on, though, I'm the only thing you're allowed to be addicted to."
John moaned into Sherlock's mouth as the other boy came down on him. He was so tight, the feeling was incredible. He worked his hips up, meeting Sherlock's each time he moved, wanting him to enjoy this as much as he was.
John returned the kiss, feeling warm and breathless. When he pulled away he grinned up at Sherlock, then glanced down to see the other boy's second release floating between them. "Looks like we've got to clean the hot tub now too," he said with a laugh.
His father popped in and out as well as Sherlock's family, bringing changes of clothes and other things he wanted from home. He ate very little of what Mrs. Holmes brought, and by the fourth day he was nearly falling asleep sitting up.
"That sounds nice... Mycroft never played with me," Sherlock murmured and kissed John's cheek again. "So what happened after that? I know that's not all to the story..." he tilted his head until his cheek was now resting on John's shoulder and raised an eyebrow at him.
Sherlock's eyes widened and he grabbed a pillow, bringing it to cover his mouth while he cried out through his release. Because of all the build up, just the one touch to his prostate brought him to orgasm and his whole body shook with the intensity of it.
They say that when you're not looking forward to something, time seems to speed to that event. And that much was obvious to John as he found himself suddenly dressed in a suit and tie, sitting with Sherlock outside the courtroom. He couldn't deny that he was nervous. But if everything went well, then they would be fine. He just wished he could somehow hold Sherlock's hand while he was testifying. He'd have to settle for clasping his own together in his lap.
Sherlock pulled back when he felt the need to breathe grow too strong to ignore anymore. He left only a little space between their faces as he panted against his lover's lips. "I love you so much," he breathed.
He looked up and nodded firmly, "yes, I'm sure." Sherlock turned to John and cupped his cheek, "don't worry about me, love. I'll be fine," he whispered and gave him a lopsided smile.
"You're very lucky that I love you both," he said with a half-smile. He had to admit, the teasing was even fun for him sometimes.
"Finally completely connected," Sherlock whispered, bringing up his hand with the ring on it and brushing a few stray hairs from John's forehead. He beamed at his husband and leaned down to connect their lips in a long, sweet kiss. He closed his eyes into it, focusing on nothing but the feel of his husband's lips beneath his.
He shoved his mobile in his trouser pocket and flung his jacket on. Then, he sprinted down the hall to a room he rarely ever went to and pounded on the door.
Sherlock chuckled, "yes... we have a home theatre. I actually spend a lot of time there. I really enjoy watching films." Once John was ready, Sherlock led him to the hall and down the stairs to the lower level. He took him through a large, padded door and turned on the lights, revealing the theatre.
Sebastian's grin got wider, "you're right, I don't... But I do have this." He lifted his hand and pointed a gun at them. Sherlock's breath caught and he grabbed onto John's arm. Moran's face transformed into a snarl, "You ruined... everything!" he shouted, "You know I lost my scholarship because of you? Oh yeah! No Uni, no rugby,
After several minutes, Mr. Holmes rejoined the group. "They said he's stable," he said, getting out the most important information first. "He lost quite a bit of blood and his heart did stop for several seconds. The doctor said although they were able to revive him, they don't know if there is any brain damage due to the lack of blood to his brain. They won't know anything more until he wakes up."
John made a muffled grunting sound as Irene forced herself on him, and just as he was trying to push her away, he could see Sherlock in the door. His eyes went wide, heart breaking at the sight of his fiance looking so devastated, and he got an extra burst of energy. He shoved Irene to the ground as Sherlock ran off. "Shit!"
Sherlock kissed John on the forehead and stroked the back of his head. "I love you too, John... I love you, too."
Sherlock obliged, slipping his hand under the elastic of John's waistband. He wrapped his fingers completely around the other man's length and started stroking harder, twisting his wrist a little. "I bet it's so hard to stay quiet, isn't it? I bet you want to scream out in pleasure..." he whispered directly in his husband's ear.
John managed to sit up a little and squeezed Sherlock's hand. "I could never be disappointed with you," he said, rubbing his thumb over the back of Sherlock's hand. "In fact, that was even better than I expected it to be." With a gentle tug, he pulled Sherlock down to kiss him.
"Yeah. I can only imagine what kind of pool you have after seeing the rest of the house," John said, leaning into Sherlock's touch.
Sherlock smiled back at him, "yeah... I do. He likes you a lot, already considers you family." He brushed a few hairs away from John's forehead, "you'll be on your way to becoming a doctor in no time, and you'll be a fantastic one, I'm sure."
... John," Sherlock moaned and widened his stance, changing the angle so he could hit his lover's prostate straight on. "Fuck, you're so good... I love seeing your face while I take you," he murmured. He placed one of his hands on John's back, running it down the length of his spine.
John felt guilty for having said that in the first place, and now he felt even worse for having made Sherlock cry. "No, Sherlock. I didn't say that because I don't want to tell him. I really do. It's just..." He sighed and rubbed a hand over his face. "Sometimes my father gets angry with our whole situation. And sometimes he takes it out on Harry for being a lesbian and making Mum leave. I'm just a little afraid of how he's going to react when his second child turns out not to be straight. It's not you." John smoothed back Sherlock's hair and kissed his forehead. "You're perfect. Any person, boy or girl, would be lucky to take you home to their parents."
Sherlock chuckled and looked at John, "took them long enough to realise it, yeah?" He said and winked at his fiancé, leaning down to peck him on the cheek. He walked John to his first class and walked away towards his own.
John chuckled. "Well, be assured then that I will be taking advantage of that." He pumped his hand even faster, pressing hard into Sherlock's slit, and sucking another mark onto his lover's pale skin.
When they finally arrived, they dropped John's bag off in his bedroom before walking together to his father's home office where they would be meeting with the lawyer. Sherlock opened the door and found his father sitting on his desk, talking to a woman wearing two piece suit who was sitting in one of the chairs with a briefcase by her feet. They both stood as the boys entered.
All John could do was listen and rock back into Sherlock, so desperate for friction as each of his words went straight to his crotch. The images that he had conjured were driving him mad and he clutched at Sherlock's back, trying to press their bare chests together. Any contact would do. He needed Sherlock all over him.
Sherlock slowly deepened their kisses, grasping tightly to John's hands. He caressed the other boy's tongue with his own, reacquainting himself with his feel and taste. He let go of one of John's hands, letting his hand slip under the hem of his boyfriend's shirt, sliding his fingers along the skin there. John pressed in as close as he could to Sherlock, swirling his tongue around Sherlock's as it invaded his mouth. He arched towards Sherlock's fingers, making a soft sound. Oh, how he wanted to go further, but he didn't want to push anything. He could be patient.
John looked up and nodded, running over to the witness stand. He knelt next to Sherlock and pulled the other boy into his arms, cradling him to his chest. "I'm h-here, Sherlock," he said, still crying. "I love you, s-so much." He rocked the other boy, kissed him, whispered to him, everything and anything that he knew usually worked to calm his fiance. He was truly the strongest, most brave person that John knew.
"I just can't wait for this whole trial to be over so Moran can be out of our lives for good." Sherlock lifted his head and kissed John on the lips, "I don't want him to torture either of us anymore, but I can't stop the memories..."
"Oh, God...Oh, fuck, Sherlock!" The clenching of his lover around him, the sight and sound of him succumbing to the pleasure, all brought John to his climax and he spilled into Sherlock. He thrust through it, getting out all he could, then finally collapsed on top of his husband, panting.
John could feel the roughness of the stitches under his fingers, and he dropped to his knees in front of Sherlock. Very lightly, he brushed his lips over the spot, looking at it more closely. The wound may have been deep, but the size on the outside was small; it would just become a bit of puckered tissue. Sherlock was absolutely right in everything he had said, but John thought he may have figured out the reason. And it almost made him feel sorry for Moran. "Maybe he doesn't know love," he said quietly, letting his fingers ghost over the wound again. "He doesn't know what it's like, and maybe it scares him. Maybe it makes him jealous." It was no excuse, of course. Nothing could ever excuse the pain that both halves of their whole had to endure because of him. But it helped John to understand.
John moaned and tightened his legs around Sherlock, his arms around the other boy's neck. He liked Sherlock getting rough with him and he moaned again more loudly as the other boy's hips found his. Laying back with his arms splayed, John arched into Sherlock's mouth as it set fire to his skin. He was glad his injuries had all healed. He wanted full enjoyment out of this.
"He shoved me up against the wall and started calling me names again and he punched me in the eye. I fell to the ground and he took me by the throat, standing me up. The other boys were laughing, cheering him on. Then he... he asked me how much I liked taking it in the arse. How many guys' cocks I'd ever sucked." Sherlock could feel the tears coming on and swallowed them down, trying to be strong.
Sherlock's hands cut from one side to the other on "one-two" before moving to press against his temples.
?" John asked, and was glad he had a fairly tame, safe topic to channel his swirling feelings at the true state of Sherlock's health. "You can't walk around with shoes and no
look like one of those Greek or Roman statues) before him. He trailed off, losing this grasp on his thought before he snagged it again.
John bolted upright, a cold sweat coating his skin as outside, thunder shook London. The nightmare was fragmented, blasted apart by the white bolts muted by his curtains, but he could still feel snatches of phantom pain in the leg he'd never been shot in and the dry dust of desert heat in the back of his sore throat.
There was a beat of silence where John processed what he'd heard behind closed eyelids and Sherlock took a breath.
"How does that constitute as a "good day" for me?'" Sherlock asked, and John shrugged, leaning against the cushions as he turned fully to face the consulting detective.
Sherlock sighed before moving. John sighed too, closing his eyes and ignoring the pang in his chest. He may have felt some way about Sherlock, but he was sure that his poor flatmate didn't care for being manhandled.
He wasn't sure why he asked that. It seemed Sherlock hadn't expected that either, for there was another long pause.
John turned to face the new figure that had manifested a few feet away. The people gave Sherlock a wide berth as well, but for a different reason. While they avoided him due to his invisibility, they cringed away from Sherlock.
Yes, that's what it was. People were wrong when they said Sherlock Holmes was a monster. Because if that was the case, wouldn't John be one as well?
On the very first case they'd worked, he'd killed the man that tried to hurt Sherlock. It had been a desperate situation, and John had had very little time to spare, but the decision had been easy when he'd been faced with it. He'd chosen to save Sherlock, damn the rest of the world and the consequences, and it'd been that way ever since.
It was a contradiction of sensation. Sherlock was warm, as warm as any human. Besides being a bit bony and taller, he fit as nicely as John had imagined against him. But his legs weren't even on the bed, and Sherlock was already wiggling like a worm on a hook.
Today, Sherlock was hurt because of his recklessness, something that happened every so often. However, John was more than capable of tending to these particular flesh wounds. It was easy, being clinical when one was faced with a patient, even if the patient was of a more personal variety.
"That's alright. Just carry me to bed and say whatever you want to say when I fall asleep," John said, looping his arms around his shoulders and shutting his eyes.
"Couldn't sleep before," John said, even as the drowsiness that had been pushed aside as their conversation started returned (what had Sherlock called it? Hypnagogic?).
Somewhere in the room, a fluorescent light hummed. The noise was strangely quieter than the beating of his heart.
woke when he left the bed, but John knew it was better to nip this sort of thing in the bud before it got worse. Besides, he didn't want to spread it to Sherlock, who always complained furiously whenever he was under the weather.
John made it a point to never call Sherlock handsome or other such related compliments for a variety of reasons. For one, Sherlock
"Tell me something. I know you don't see me as a monster, but I'm viewed as one by enough that I have to ask. Do you enjoy my company?"
John sighed before carefully extricating himself from Sherlock. He didn't have high hopes he'd do so without waking him; Sherlock
if the situation was reversed. In the almost month that he'd known the man, he'd seen Sherlock doing various odd things at various odd hours that seeing him curled up on the couch at any hour was downright normal.)
He wasn't sure about the eyes in the microwave yet, or the hands in the fridge and all the chemicals on the dining table that John felt might start a fire at some point, but John wasn't squeamish, and he could always talk to Sherlock about the chemicals. He was sure he could, with time and every brain cell he possessed, reason with the man a bit. John had reasoned with many more difficult people in his life after all.
"I did your washing up too," he said, frowning as his mind flitted to a recollection from the day before. "You had another weird stain on one of your shirts. Really, Sherlock, you
A questioning murmur ran through the table, and Sherlock yawned dramatically, calling attention back to himself.
"You fought him too hard," Sherlock murmured with hardly a glance spared at the suspect lying prone somewhere behind them (John hadn't paid much attention to him after he'd pummeled him into the pavement). "This could scar."
-fancy him back (he wasn't even sure how to define the feelings he held towards Sherlock besides a strong, potent magnetism laced with affection that could be perfectly platonic) and he had never been eloquent. The words would get butchered on the way out, so it was for the best that he kept silent.
John blinked in pleasant surprise as Sherlock lay with him, tugging him into a warm embrace. Sherlock was remarkably tactile in his sleep, but rarely did
John flushed a bit. He hadn't had a problem being bare-chested until Sherlock had strode up with the cleanest bill of health he could obtain, and now he was hyperaware of the fact that he had
Sherlock laughed, the sound vibrating right down to John's bones and settling in them like it was meant to be there the whole time.
The heady kiss made Sherlock pliant in a way he hadn't been before. Maybe he could sense all the ardor John was trying to pour into it, or maybe he could simply sense that this had been a long time coming.
have in spades, and I struggle to scrounge up on the best of days. Except when it comes to you," Sherlock said, mouth descending to speak his next words against the shadow of stubble that evening brought on the edge of John's jaw.
John was good at earning trust, but Sherlock's trust was a precious thing to hold; given out grudgingly and taken back quicker than a whip. Having it in the area of expertise that had been his first passion before his life had gone pleasantly sideways into case-solving was even more gratifying and filled his chest with warmth.
John could see Sherlock's face shift to true anger for the first time that night. Before, he'd just been irritated and more than a bit tense, but now he looked as if he truly wanted to rip Sally's head off.
"Pity," Sherlock said with a barely-there wince as John fished out a particularly deep, but small piece.
John didn't remember too much of his odd conversation with Sherlock, but he remembered the way his face had closed off when he'd asked if he knew that he wasn't the monster people made him out to be. He could remember the way Sherlock had paused, and the way he'd dragged a finger down his cheek and spoken of war.
He'd grown accustomed to sitting Sherlock down and watching to make sure he ate or giving in to Sherlock's desire for some specific take out meal and getting it himself because getting
, to say the least (exhilarating, headache-inducing and wild were all good phrases to use as well), and it all stemmed from Sherlock Holmes. Consulting detective (
That was as far as John got in his observation (Sherlock would have doubtlessly gotten farther) before the icy gaze was shifted from the pages of the book to
A great skill for a consulting detective, but horrible in a heated conversation. John had evolved his already notable conflict resolution skills to be the Mediator and Soother as a result, but now and then, some situations reminded him that he too hated to let things lie. It was what had driven him to the battlefield instead of staying in the tangled administrative workings of a standard hospital and ultimately what made him put his foot firmly down when he'd had
"There, now you won't get cold on the way back. Take care not to let it drag on the ground. I know you're significantly shorter than me."
He couldn't voice any of this. John's nature had no room for that much elegance and refined words. His mind went go, go, go, through the battlefields with hardly a stop for the finer details that didn't pertain to the fight at hand.
He was vaguely aware that it was now early morning, and that the pale sun filtering through the blinds of the flat flickered constantly, as if intercepted by clouds outside, but John was too tired and in some kind of halfway sleep state to care. Now that he'd reminded himself of where he was (not in Afghanistan,
like the Thames," Sherlock remarked, nostrils flaring ever so slightly as he sniffed delicately, "No, you smell rather pleasant. Exactly like the thunderstorm outside."
It was not John's thumb put into action, but Sherlock's. John's eyes shut, heart seizing like an animal caught in a trap as it swept across his cheek and caught the single tear that had slipped loose; the only thing that had escaped him instead of the jumble of words that were caught in his throat.
Sherlock's pace quickened, mind back on the chase, and John only shook his head before following, scarf streaming behind him.
"I suppose that's fair," Sherlock sighed before taking a dramatic, nearly whimsical turn in tone. "At least I'm a bastard worth knowing."
Sherlock cleared his throat before squeezing his hands once as if to reassure himself that John was still there before he spoke.
If John hadn't known better, he would've said he was in his mind palace, but he knew signs of a struggle when he saw one. Sherlock wanted to say something but couldn't find the right words.
"I'm…I can't…put it out!" he exclaimed, voice raspy (oh fuck, he had been screaming) as he raised his hands to shield himself from the desert sun.
Sand drifted through the streets of London, sinking into nooks and crannies it shouldn't have ever belonged in. The sand existed only on the periphery though; trivial compared to the monochromatic sea of people before him.
The long moment of silence confused John for a moment (Sherlock was hardly ever quiet when it was just the two of them) before what he said hit him.
Sherlock exhaled, long and low like the whisper of his violin bow when he pulled it through the air.
John tried to swallow the sensation building in his chest, but it filled him with light and air until it overflowed in a series of hiccupped laughter, interrupting Sherlock's melodramatic rant.
He certainly couldn't express how much he wanted to kiss all those doubts away and show him that he was more than worthy of being cherished. John was a physical man, who was more used to showing his care through his actions than words. He wanted so badly to pull him in and down into the silk, but he couldn't bear the burden of rejection, or worse, scaring Sherlock off forever.
Sherlock's concerned face looked down at him, curls messy and tangled from sleep and his mouth pressed in a firm line that wavered when John turned his face fully to look at him.
It wasn't a very good explanation for the thoughts that had been crowding his head and the other words that had been heavy on his tongue, but it seemed his echo of Sherlock's previous words helped. The man's lips quirked ever so slightly, and John found himself back in the presence of a more relaxed, if warier Sherlock.
John's own smile was small and satisfied, even if his ears continued to burn. In this small, coffee smelling breakroom with their knees knocking together and Sherlock's blood staining a variety of materials scattered across the table, John was suddenly inexplicably and indescribably happy.
"I'm well aware of just how much of a bastard I am," Sherlock smiled, fingers drifting downward to clasp the side of his neck; the bloody side where his carotid was suddenly leaping to life at the warm touch.
John couldn't bring himself to care that he'd enabled the Holmes brotherly rivalry when Sherlock draped an arm around his shoulders and tugged him in, already rambling a mile a minute about "calling Mycroft out on his excessive surveillance scheme" and "telling him what he can do with his unnecessary assets." After the near miss John had, he was feeling incredibly selfish and tired. He'd guiltily accept this balm to the soul and make his peace with it in his dreams.
Still, as Sherlock whirled around the kitchen, eyes alight as his fingers danced through midair in the way that John knew meant he was itching to delve further down this new avenue he'd discovered, something in him thought that maybe he could have a chance. Pesky optimism, always popping its head up when it had the lowest odds of being useful.
"Let's go home," he said softly, suddenly wanting to be away and wrapped up in 221B, pretending life only consisted of him and Sherlock. Wishful, useless thinking, but tonight, John knew he could let himself pretend. Sherlock would sleep, and for tonight he would be John's to keep safe.
"I'm afraid I don't know what you're talking about John," he said smoothly, even as his face froze over and his eyes paled to chips of ice. Gone was the vague sense of relaxation Sherlock had gained while sitting with him, and John mourned the loss even as he struggled to find the right words to rectify the situation.
"I'm experimenting on them now," Sherlock responded dryly, holding up a petri dish with what looked like a halved eye, "You said you needed the shelf cleared, and they needed to be used tonight anyway."
They sat in silence for a long moment before thunder rumbled outside, making John flinch ever so slightly. It was enough for Sherlock to pick up on though, the perceptive bastard.
"I just said fuck approximately two minutes ago," John interjected, growing more and more amused by the second with Sherlock's antics. The melancholy air that had surrounded him when he'd walked in must've been brought about by drinking alone, and now that John had arrived, Sherlock was perking up like a flower.
"Today's a good day for you," John said finally, and Sherlock frowned slightly before turning his head enough to look at him.
"Fuck," he gasped, setting the bottle down with a thunk heavier than he'd anticipated. Sherlock hadn't drunk as much as he'd assumed-or at least, not much from this particular bottle. "
Sherlock, however, could get ahead of himself some days, and this time was no different. He swooped in with force and wild abandon, lips firm and hands clutching him close and stealing away his breath and mind with his warm mouth.
Not that Sherlock would let anyone take him there anyway. If he wasn't "gushing blood or clutching his intestines," he strived to avoid it at all costs. Better to work than to be cooped up in a bed he believed he didn't need, something that aggravated John to no end.
Their feet remained rooted to the ground in uninterrupted silence, just as disparate in size as they were as a whole before a hand suddenly gripped his shoulder and icy fingers forced his chin upward.
What they were looking for, John knew not. All he knew was that the chase was on, and ecstasy suffused his entire being as he ripped himself free of the current and raced onwards.
"You've got a fever," he said, pressing the back of his hand to his forehead before his eyes zipped this way and that over him. "Hit your hip on the nightstand too. At least you didn't crack your head open on the way down."
"That's what sick people tend to do," John remarked, trailing off with a gasp when Sherlock sucked at a particularly sensitive spot on his neck.
Sherlock was dressed, but not in his coat or shoes, or even socks for that matter. Just a purple silk shirt John had seen before and dark slacks that hung low on his hips, his pale skin standing out amongst it all. His nimble fingers paged through a book, brow furrowed in concentration as he muttered underneath his breath, black curls dangling into his narrowed eyes.
That seemed to put an end to the subject, until a few days later, when John entered the flat after running some errands and noticed a word scrawled beneath the yellow smiley face Sherlock had spray painted. It was undoubtedly Sherlock's handwriting, written in blue ink from the pen John always used to make the grocery lists.
Sherlock Holmes reminded him of war. The man's unpredictability, cannon fire rapid thought process, and the
Sherlock glared down at him, nostrils flaring to no doubt deliver some scathing response. However, he held his tongue in check when, in a bold move he didn't think through, John wound the scarf around his own neck.
That day, and the day after, passed in a blur of sleep and sweat. John fell in and out of waking like it was an obstacle course, voices coming and going in distant volumes. Sometimes he heard Mrs. Hudson but the rest he could only assume were figments of his imagination or perhaps overhead calls, like Lestrade and Molly and once even Mycroft.
"Bastard," Sherlock said finally, swooping back in for a toe-curling kiss that gave John half a mind to flip them and take over the edge into proper passion.
). "However, it would...pain me slightly if my features were marred in some way. After all, you seem quite fond of my face the way it is."
that word choice) was still there. Both of them craved the high of the chase, craved the thrills and dangers and adventure and risk normal people tended to avoid. Sherlock had been
The worst problem was undoubtedly food. Sherlock treated it as something to be put up with and ingested like an especially deplorable tonic on a schedule John couldn't make heads or tails of. Some days Sherlock would eat meals alongside him, albeit never fully finishing them, and other days he'd discover Sherlock had been subsisting off of tea and biscuits for a whole weekend.
"You just answered the final question in my head," he breathed, feeling Sherlock's hands rest uncertainly on his waist, "I thought I'd answered it myself, but now I understand why it wouldn't go away. It had changed without me even realizing it."
John looked down at his tea and was taken aback to find that Sherlock was right; his cup was rattling hard enough that it was a miracle he hadn't spilled any yet.
There was also the inconvenient little fact that every time a compliment popped into John's head (which happened more and more frequently these days), John grew ridiculously embarrassed even
A car horn somewhere nearby reminded John that he was still outside and that the rain hadn't paused in its deluge to allow him to think. With a muttered curse, John started the trek back to 221B, his umbrella trailing behind him in a broken, pathetic mess.
He showed no teeth (not even John could tug those sorts of grins from him yet with any sort of consistency), but it was strong enough to make his eyes crinkle at the edges, which is what mattered the most.
He radiated cold, eyes nearly colorless and devoid of all emotion. No arrogance or triumph; not even the stray spark of mischief. His coat swallowed him whole from the neck down, shrouding him in a black deeper than the faded gray-black that made up the darkest color of their surroundings. Sherlock was marble infused with the barest trace of life, just enough to bring stone to life.
John giggled and stepped out. "Why thank you, darling." He went to the towel rack and grabbed a towel, wrapping it around himself.
"You have a home theatre?" John asked, sitting up a little. "Yes, I want to see it!" He got out of bed and grabbed his shirt, pulling it on and smiling excitedly at Sherlock.
Sherlock tugged his lover close again for another passionate kiss and settled both hands on his hips, pulling them even closer together. There was so much love in the air around them that he could feel it warming him from the inside out as they continued to kiss.
"What's wrong?" Mr. Watson demanded, worry making him rush over to his son and take his other arm to help support him.
"You're a fucking idiot," Lestrade replied matter-of-factly as he turned the truck onto another street. Anderson's face scrunched up, making him look like an angry rat.
As Mrs. Watson returned, Jim spit out his gum into a wrapper he had produced and shoved it into Sherlock's hands.
Harry sat there in shock, probably imagining how very different her life could have been. Apparently, Mrs. Watson still didn't know about her daughter's many dalliances with other girls.
"I may be a beta, but John wants me. He would never choose a narcissistic alpha who flew through uni on daddy's money."
"You have a plan?" John asked, the hope in his voice incredibly relieving. "What are you going to do?"
Sherlock's slowly rising mood died when he felt John stiffen around him at Anderson's careless words. The blond forced out an uneasy laugh.
John didn't reply, only staring at the woman with his mouth hanging open. Sherlock sincerely hoped it was because he was too incensed to respond. Honestly, the taller boy had never seen his boyfriend yell so much. His anger was usually a silent, seething rage until it boiled over into physical violence. But today, he was all emotion and it was a little jarring. Maybe that was why Sherlock was having trouble observing, trying to put the pieces together in order to find a viable solution to this mess.
Even more insulted and desperate to prove that he wasn't an idiot, Sherlock tried to recall everything he knew about omegas and heat inducers. Admittedly, his knowledge was extremely limited due to the fact that alpha-omega biology wasn't taught in public schools. Although, he did remember once reading an article about a rise in prostitution-related deaths due to black market heat inducers. If he remembered correctly, it took approximately twelve hours for the heat to be fully in effect, which means that John had been given them before school this morning.
"Harriet," Sherlock said in greeting, knowing that she hated the name, as he and John sat down on the love seat opposite the adults.
"Well, John, let me start by saying, once again, how excited your father and I were when you went into heat," Mrs. Watson began.
While Jim and the rest of the Watson family exchanged boring pleasantries, Sherlock tried to read as much as he could of the man who thought himself to be John's future husband. The fact that this person had departed a plane this morning and spent the day touring London was obvious from the state of his clothing. He preferred high quality things, but was comfortable in any situation. He was highly educated, well-mannered, and incredibly
Sherlock nearly flinched at this stranger's critical assessment of his abilities. A dark voice in his mind, one that sounded suspiciously like his brother's, couldn't help but agree that, yes, he was a disappointment. However, a much louder part screamed at him to do
The two boys followed her path. John looked as if he was marching into battle, but Sherlock was far more wary. The woman had relented much too easily with his presence and he couldn't figure out why. There just wasn't enough data yet. When they entered the drawing room, they found the strange sight of the entire Watson family all sitting in the same room. Mrs. Watson had sat down next to her husband on the white couch, trying to look as regal as possible. It was a tough feat when her seventeen year-old daughter was on her phone, lounging on the perpendicular chair with her feet propped up on the coffee table. John's father was wearing an older, worn out suit, staring at the drink he held in his hand with a crinkle in his brow.
"Well, it's no matter," Jim interrupted, taking pity on her useless floundering and turning back to the boy. "You are only a beta, after all."
Oh. He should have seen it. Mrs. Watson had shown no signs of shock that John was in heat, unlike her husband. She had wanted this marriage to happen so badly that she must have somehow slipped the heat inducers into her step-son's breakfast.
A smile grew on the alpha's face that was all teeth. It was an I-know-something-that-you-don't smile and it made Sherlock falter and lose some of his confidence.
Sherlock couldn't watch anymore. As Jim stood, half guiding and half dragging John with him to the guest house, Sherlock forced himself to turn away, letting John go forever.
"Come on, then. The longer she waits, the worse this will be," John muttered as he gently squeezed Sherlock's hand in a reassuring manner before letting go to shut and lock the door.
"Sherlock," John whispered harshly, but the taller boy ignored him. He had a man to deduce within an inch of his life.
"Respect? Why should I respect her when she doesn't respect me? She said so herself, this marriage is only because of my gender and class. She's just using me as an object to show off to her high society. She'll be ruining my life, if she gets her way and you're just going to let her."
Just as he was nearing the front entrance, he felt a sharp shove from behind. He stumbled forward and almost fell face first into the porch step, but those same hands that had shoved him were now spinning him around and guiding him to fall backwards against the door.
"Yes," Jim affirmed, drawing out the word into a hiss after seeing the realization on Sherlock's face. "The evil step-mother. Every fairytale needs a good, old-fashioned villain, which makes Johnny boy our damsel in distress, waiting on his knight in shining armor to save him."
"What?" John asked. He pulled back and looked at the taller boy with a hazy, confused expression. "What are you-"
"Don't give me that. It's true! Omegas got some kind of natural scent that's supposed to attract a spouse or something. Only alphas can really smell it, but betas register it on an unconscious level. That's why all the omegas are already in relationships. Isn't that right, John?"
"Always lovely to have your support, Sally, but I believe this is our stop," Sherlock stated in a mildly sarcastic tone as Lestrade pulled up to the ornate, golden gates that indicated the Watsons' drive. Sherlock hopped out first, wanting desperately to end this conversation, and made his way to the keypad. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw John start to follow before he was stopped by Lestrade reaching through the driver's window to grab his sleeve. Sherlock paused before entering the code, surreptitiously eavesdropping on the two.
John's eyes were darting around the room, looking at every detail that Sherlock had listed. His breathing had turned erratic as he saw that Sherlock's deductions were accurate.
"No!" John shouted, finally breaking out of his shocked state. Thank God. Sherlock was starting to get worried that John would just let this happen.
Heat inducers? Sherlock's eyes widened at the realization and he snapped his gaze back to the older man. Jim glanced back, but after seeing the look on the teenager's face, he closed his eyes with a pained expression.
"I can show you where, if you'd like," Mr. Watson offered, looking like he would rather do anything else.
. She must have noticed his mood because she immediately suppressed her laughter and placed a gentle hand on his arm.
"He's in so much pain," Jim said softly. "Heat inducers are such nasty things. Practically make you feral, if you don't use them just right."
"John, listen to me. You have to calm down," Sherlock urged, preemptively cutting off anything John might say.
"Yes, I am, and you must be Mrs. Watson," The man - Jim, such a boring name - replied in a light, Irish voice. He took off his ball cap, revealing short, brown hair. He held the hat against his chest in one hand while the other was held out for Mrs. Watson to take. When she did take it, Jim lifted it and kissed the back of her hand, holding eye contact with her the whole time.
Sherlock could immediately tell that this was the wrong time to say that. John's eyes hardened and he quickly turned on the older girl.
"And that's you?" Sherlock snidely asked. It was a weak response, but he didn't know what else to say. John was still in heat -
"I mean, no!" John repeated, standing up as his anger grew. "I won't go through with it. I am perfectly happy with my life, thank you very much. Sherlock and I-"
"Fine. Join us then," she relented in a clipped tone with a tight smile. She then whirled around and marched back into the house. Her high heels clicked loudly on the marble floor as she made her way down the large hall and into a room on the right.
"Oi, get your own, you jealous wanker," John threw back, finally succeeding in landing a loud and messy kiss on Sherlock's cheek.
"Exactly, Soo," Sally agreed with a beaming smile, like a mother watching her child make their first friend. Soo Lin blushed while her brother just glared at Sally. "Besides, those two freaks were together
Sherlock couldn't speak, he just nodded and grunted in acknowledgement. After a few minutes he finally found his voice again and smiled at John. "That... was the most amazing feeling ever. I don't think I want to use a condom ever again," he chuckled and looked around for something to clean them both up with.
Sherlock nodded, "I think so... It will be hard not to say anything to him when we see him in court." He didn't say his name, John would know who he was talking about anyways.
Sherlock blushed and nodded, "yeah, I'm alright. Now touch me or I'm really going to go crazy," he said and chuckled softly.
Sherlock could feel the love and admiration practically drenching their kisses and he moaned loudly. Somehow, he managed to straddle John without parting their lips, but found he had to a few moments later to breathe. "John..." he panted against the shorter boy's lips.
John resisted as long as he could before responding with a buck of his hips. "You're a natural, then," he said, and leaned in to nip Sherlock's ear lobe. "You seemed so sweet and innocent, yet from the first thing we did to now, you've always blown my mind."
," Sherlock moaned and started stroking faster, his orgasm approaching quicker with every word. His imagination went wild as he envisioned John pounding into him. He whimpered and moaned, his grip tightening around his cock.
like at my birthday party." He leaned in to whisper into John's ear, "I really can't wait to grind against you on the dance floor again," he murmured huskily.
Mr. Watson stepped forward to put a hand on Sherlock's shoulder. "Sebastian Moran hurt my son because of your relationship, but not because of you. As long as you didn't sick that boy on John, I don't see you at fault."
Sherlock smiled and sat back down, eating as much as he could. He reached under the table and grabbed John's free hand, squeezing it and looking over at him with a grin.
"It's a pleasure, Mr. Watson," Sherlock's mother smiled and shook his hand, "my name is Violet Holmes, this is my husband, Siger." Mr. Holmes took Hamish's hand and grinned, "good to meet you, sir," he said and sat down. "Well, it seems our boys have taken quite a liking to each other, hmm?" Mrs. Holmes said and winked at Sherlock, chuckling softly.
Sherlock smiled as best he could and nodded, "I will, I promise." He grabbed a piece of toast and started nibbling on it, ignoring John's glare when he didn't eat more. After breakfast was over, Sherlock went back to his room with John and started to change into his swimming shorts in silence.
John shook his head. This sounded perilously like a goodbye speech. "I love you, too. God, Sherlock, please don't go. Don't leave me..." He bent down as his tears became too much and he had to close his eyes, just repeating 'Please, please' again and again.
John watched, only wincing slightly at the shifting he had to do to get his shirt off. He felt each bruise and cut as Sherlock kissed them, but they only felt tingly and warm. He felt as if they were actually healing under Sherlock's touch. He sighed, relaxed, and laid still as Sherlock moved over him.
John groaned around Sherlock, swallowing to add to the effect. His finger pumped and twisted inside of Sherlock, reaching his prostate and stroking it.
John swallowed again and again, the taste of Sherlock filling him. He pulled his finger out and pulled off of Sherlock, licking him clean. He crawled back up the bed and kissed his boyfriend. "You are gorgeous, you know."
Sherlock smiled, glad to see John liked it. He walked over and stood beside the other boy at the game. "Hmm... you bet me, huh? What are the stakes, then?" He grinned and raised an eyebrow, this could definitely get interesting.
"Oh... Oh God... I'm... yes!" Sherlock cried out as his fingers hit his prostate dead on. His whole body was shaking with his release and he came so hard that some landed on his chin.
He held John tighter, tears reaching his eyes as he tried to push away the negative thoughts. He was with him now and nothing was going to change that. He needed to trust that John would always love him.
It was always eyes closed, heads turned away, trying not to think about who this was they were shagging with. Not this time. John didn't feel strange staring back at Sherlock at all, but he did close his eyes to give him tender kisses with each thrust as he felt himself getting closer.
John wondered what Sherlock could mean by that, but he did as he was asked and got up to get the satchel. He brought it back to the bed, sitting next to Sherlock and watching as he opened it.
Sherlock smiled back at him and hugged him close. "It's not my parents you have to worry about," he said and looked apologetically at John. "I'm not quite sure how I feel subjecting you to Mycroft just yet, though..."
"Well... the defence is trying to get the judge to change the charges," she said and sighed. Sherlock shook his head, "to what?" She sat down and looked at the ground, "they want them to drop the attempted murder charge completely."
John turned to Sherlock and then gave him a sly grin. He'd meant it rhetorically, but this was fine with him. "If I win..." He looked Sherlock up and down, then leaned up to whisper in his ear. "I get to tie you up and do whatever I want with you."
Ms. Rodin was approaching them a few moments later, dressing in a grey suit with a light blue button down shirt. "They're ready for us," she said and led the boys inside the courtroom.
Sherlock smirked, "hmm... But I'm not sure you're cheered up yet." He reached down and tickled John's sides, chuckling, "Cheered up yet? Are you happy now? Hmmm?" He grinned as he tickled him, following him back onto the sofa when he tried to get away.
"That's it, love... Let me hear you," Sherlock purred in John's ear and nipped at his earlobe. He swiped his thumb over the slit, gathering the precum and using it to make his hand slick. Just the sight of John coming apart by his touch and the sound of his boyfriend's voice, deep with lust, was making Sherlock hard. He rutted desperately against the sheets, trying to find friction for his aching arousal.
John blinked rapidly as Sherlock's kiss broke him from his thoughts. He shook his head. "N-nothing..." Love had no place in such a short relationship. Not yet anyway. He couldn't say anything or he might weird Sherlock out. He pressed a kiss to the underside of Sherlock's jaw.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes, "...anything I want?" He said and smirked. "Hmm... I suppose I can do that."
John had managed to undo Sherlock's trousers and he bit back a moan at the feeling of his fingers lightly touching his most intimate area through the thin cotton of his pants.
John had to take a second to decide, but said, "An oath." He wasn't really strongly religious, but since he met Sherlock he'd been believing more and more in miracles. And they could use all the help they could get to put Moran away.
Nodding slowly, he got up and went to his room. He wanted to be with Sherlock, but he knew he couldn't drive in this state, so he sent a text to him instead.
John chuckled and shook his head. Of course they had a house in France. He stepped out of the cab with a very British sounding 'merci' and went around to the trunk to get their luggage.
He looked down at his crying mess of a fiance and just wanted to hold him and apologise and make everything better, but he couldn't let this go. "Sherlock... if you can't trust me, this isn't going to work. You have to believe in me. Like I believe in you."
Both boys were happy when it was all over and Sherlock begged for John to be able to spend the weekend at his house again. John's father was happy to let him, he and Ms. Rodin having made plans for dinner the next evening.
Sherlock jerked as he felt the touch to his shoulder, expecting it to be another punch. He relaxed once he heard John's voice and opened his eyes, looking at the other boy's face for the first time. He was quite handsome, with his dark blue eyes and short dirty blonde hair. He was definitely an athlete with his broad shoulders and slightly muscular frame making up for his lack of height. "F-fine... I'm fine," he lied, his voice strained and shaking. He winced as another pulse of pain shot through his nose and he reached up to wipe the blood away with the back of his hand.
Sherlock moaned as his erection was caught between their bodies. "Oh, God... John," he whimpered and clung tightly to his lover. He would never get tired of this. Being completely connected with John, in the most intimate way possible. Every day he was reminded how lucky he was to have such an amazing man in his life. Sherlock let out a loud groan and dug his nails into the other man's back.
Sherlock pulled lightly against his restraints and groaned, "John..." he whimpered, "Fuck, John..." Sherlock continued to chant his lover's name, unable to think of anything else. After several moments of sweet torture, he could feel the sweat start to drip from his forehead with the effort of staying still.
Sherlock gave the cabbie the address of the house that they would be staying in, speaking perfect French. John didn't know they wouldn't be staying in a hotel and he smiled mischievously over at his husband as they drove off.
Sherlock frowned and moved to kneel in front of his fiancé, putting his hands on his knees and looking him straight in the eye. "Hey... I think that you are
, John... C-close," Sherlock whimpered and rolled his hips in time with the other boy's. He swiped his thumb across both of their slits and his breath hitched at the feeling.
Sherlock grinned wider and stepped beside John, reaching over and covering his eyes with his hands. He carefully led the shorter boy through the remainder of the woods.
Sherlock laughed and wrapped his arms around John's neck, smiling up at him as he was carried out. When they got inside the limo, he cupped John's cheek and kissed him firmly. "It takes about twenty minutes to get to the reception at the castle from here," he murmured against his husband's lips. He smiled at the other man, a mischievous sparkle in his eyes.
John felt Sherlock coming apart beneath him and it brought him that much closer to finishing. But what really set him over the edge was Sherlock speaking in that low tone right in his ear. He bucked hard into Sherlock's hand, crying out loudly. "Oh, fuck, Sherlock!" With one more thrust he cried out and came, riding through the most powerful orgasm he'd ever had.
Sherlock fell to the ground and barely had time to react before all the boys started pounding on him. He whimpered John's name over and over as his whole body was pummeled, wracked with pain. He tried to ward them off, but there were so many of them coming at him in different directions. He managed to yell out John's name one last time before a well placed kick to his head knocked him unconscious.
"John Watson... From the day we met, I knew you would be someone special to me. You have saved my life in many different ways and on several different occasions. I have never known another man as kind, handsome and loving as you and it is my honour to call you mine. I've been waiting for this day for a long time and I promise to stay with you, love you and cherish you for all time. Through the good and bad times, no matter what life throws our way. God knows we've been through a lot already and with you as my husband I am prepared for whatever else comes."
Sherlock shook his head and quickly reached up to wipe away the tears that were forming in his eyes. He didn't want John to worry and, in his mind at least, it was better for him to think he was mad than scared.
Sherlock kissed John back and bit his lip before nodding, "yes... I am," he said quietly. He let John pick him up off the ground and lead him back to the table. They rose when the judge came back in and sat back down again when he was seated.
John nodded, and sighed a bit. This one he felt a bit less confident about, because he was stupid enough to follow Mary down the hall. "Well, after Moran and the others left that Friday, I fixed up Sherlock's nose and then he invited me over. We spent pretty much the entire weekend together, and...fell in love." He blushed a bit and smiled.
John smirked a bit at the shiver sent down his spine from Sherlock's words. "Remember what happened last time. We won't have a limo to run to for a quickie." He rested a hand on Sherlock's thigh, just a short distance from his crotch.
John was almost there. Sherlock was far too good at making him lose all control. He reached down to grab his own cock, giving himself a few quick strokes to push him all the way over. "Ohh...Oh, fuck!
A couple of hours later, a nurse came out to speak with John and Mycroft. "He's stabilized now, but still unconscious. He suffered from several broken ribs, a broken arm, several lacerations, a concussion and a collapsed lung. It might take him a while to wake up, but you can go in and see him now." The nurse led them back to Sherlock's room where he was lying on the bed, bandages covering the worst of his injuries and the heart monitor beeping steadily beside him.
Sherlock hugged John tightly and ran his hands up and down his back, "It's okay, I've got you. You're safe, you'll be all right," he whispered and placed a kiss to John's temple. He wondered what John could have been dreaming about that caused him to be so scared.
Mr. Holmes sighed and rubbed a hand across his face, "we should have been there," he whispered. Mrs. Holmes went to his side and hugged him close. Siger instantly wrapped his arms around her and placed a kiss to the top of her head. He looked up at John, "You can go in and see him, I've informed the staff that you are to have full access to his room and that they are to answer any of your questions about his condition."
Sherlock shook his head, "No, I want to feel you everywhere," he murmured and looked into John's eyes, trying to convey how much he trusted him in just one look.
Sherlock moaned into John's mouth and reached in between them to start undoing the other boy's trousers. He released his lover's lips and started kissing his way down John's neck.
John grinned, taking a few breaths to calm down and then nodded. He took the bottle and grabbed a wash rag, pouring out some soap onto it. Then he spun Sherlock around and started washing his back.
Sherlock smiled and nodded, "I think so, yes." He led his husband out onto the dance floor and pulled him in, settling one hand on the small of his back and grasping the other one with his free hand. "I don't think I'll ever get tired of dancing with you," he said and started swaying them to the music.
Sherlock let out a breathless chuckle, "I'm glad you thought so, love. It was quite... arousing seeing you come apart by my hand." He turned his head to smile at John. Lifting his hand up, he grimaced, "I guess I should probably clean this up."
Once they were finished, Sherlock asked if he could bring their dessert to his room with them and his mother agreed to let them, saying she would have it brought to his room later. Sherlock hugged his mother good night and gave her a kiss on the cheek, whispering in her ear, "thank you, mum." Mrs. Holmes smiled and patted Sherlock's hand, "Of course, dear. Keep hold of this one, you seem so happy with him," she said quietly enough for just Sherlock to hear and winked at him, making him blush.
Sherlock turned his face to give John a slow, languid kiss. "I love you, too," he said softly against his fiancé's lips, then gave him another kiss. He pushed himself forward, effectively separating them. Then he stood and held his hand out to help John up, "we should wash off," he said and smiled down at him.
John still felt terrible. He had his face buried in his hands as he waited for them to call him to Sherlock's room. He had failed him, over and over today and the day before. How could he ever hope to take care of Sherlock if he couldn't even help him when these sorts of things happened? When he caused them in the first place? He was brought to Sherlock and relieved to see his eyes closed and the heart monitor showing the beating of the muscle. At least now he looked like he was sleeping rather than...the other thing. John sat in the chair next to the bed, holding Sherlock's hand again and closing his eyes to wait.
It was obvious when Sherlock had hit it because John almost screamed from the feeling. He arched up, hips pushing onto Sherlock's fingers, trying to get them deeper. Panting, John relaxed again, but still moaned in his ecstasy from Sherlock's ministrations. "You... Oh, you're amazing..."
John whimpered as the cold hit him without Sherlock's mouth. He had to hold onto Sherlock's shoulders for a moment when he was standing, and expected that he would start teasing behind him, but when the other boy took his hands away, he swallowed thickly. Sherlock was letting him have his way with him, and for some reason, that was incredibly sexy. John put his hands in Sherlock's curls and started pumping his hips, groaning softly at the smooth slide of himself into Sherlock's mouth and throat.
Author's Note: Well, here it is! Chapter two of our story. This one gets a little intense, so be prepared for some angst! Please R&R, we love hearing from you!
"Watch all you want, Mycroft," John said, taking his hand to shake it. "But I love Sherlock, with all that I am. I won't let him down."
"Yeah, that's probably it," John said softly. He let himself be pulled to sit and caressed Sherlock's face with his free hand. "But everyone was pretty impressed with it. You're one hell of a dancer." He smiled down at his fiance, very happy to see him lucid once more.
Sherlock nodded and slowly unbuttoned his shirt, taking it off and tossing it aside. He toed off his shoes and used John's shoulder for support as he took off his socks. Then he started on his trousers, undoing the button and zipper and sliding them down along with his pants. He stepped out of them and was now standing completely nude in front of John, his cock already slightly hard from the anticipation.
"Mmm... does it matter?" Sherlock whispered and pressed his lips against John's, keeping the kisses soft and slow. He stroked his fingers across his boyfriend's side, being as gentle as possible. Sherlock knew how sore John probably was, having gone through the same pain himself a couple days before.
"Okay, so... While Sherlock was recovering, you continued to go to school, correct? How did Moran react to seeing you again?" Ms. Rodin questioned.
When John finally broke their kiss he was able to speak coherently again. "You're incredible... I'm so in love with you." He stroked Sherlock's cheek, pulling him in and tangling their legs together so they were as close as possible.
"Fuck..." Sherlock swore under his breath and leaned closer to speak in John's ear. "Unless you want me to end up molesting you on the dance floor, I suggest we run to the limo to continue this."
John hummed against Sherlock's skin at the scratching. He moved down the long column of Sherlock's neck to his collar, undoing the buttons one by one. With each new patch of bare skin, he paused to lavish it with kisses and gentle nips here and there, until he had finally opened the entire thing. Then he went back to Sherlock's lips and kissed him languidly, letting his hands caress his beautiful body.
, the only one to ever try to find me. The only one to work to break down the walls I had built..." He lifted one of John's hands and placed it over his heart, "and you are the only one to ever hold my heart," he whispered and smiled lovingly up at his fiancé, the love of his life and the most important and perfect person in his eyes.
John smiled up at Sherlock, chest swelling with emotion. "I love you, too." He had rather enjoyed the dance, in spite of his earlier nerves, so he was a little disappointed they weren't going to go again. But he was sure that whatever Sherlock wanted to show him was worth it. He held fast to Sherlock's hand and followed him out of the dining area.
Ms. Rodin sighed in relief, "okay, all right... good. Now..." she cleared her throat, "when he pulled the gun out, you said you tried to reason with him. What did you say?"
Sherlock hummed in content and mouthed his way over John's collarbone to kiss his shoulder. He brought both hands to the other boy's waist, fingers skimming across his hip bones. "You have no idea... how much I love every centimetre of you," he murmured and continued to kiss along John's upper torso. "You're just so perfect... so handsome... and I'm so lucky to call you mine."
John moved to Sherlock's hips. He kissed across his lover's waist and stopped at the hip bone to bite the thin skin, leaving yet another mark. John licked the mark to soothe it then shifted down to settle between Sherlock's legs again. He nudged Sherlock's hips up and swooped under to lick at his entrance again teasingly.
After applying probably the tenth layer of lip balm in the past fifteen minutes, Sherlock heard the organ start to play. He nodded for the usher to open the door and made his way down the aisle. He had refused to carry a bouquet, finding it a bit silly since he
After and riding to school on his bike and nearly hitting someone with how tired he was, John was glad to see Sherlock on the steps waiting for him. He smiled and walked over, rubbing his eyes. "Morning, love."
Sherlock smirked and nipped at John's earlobe. "I have been thinking about how wonderful you looked this morning. Naked and dripping wet. I had to try so very hard not to ravage you in that shower. Not to push you against the wall and just have my way with you."
The rest of Sherlock's day was pretty uneventful and as he stood with his parents as they said goodbye to the last of the guests, he fidgeted anxiously. As he turned to run up the stairs to his room, his father grabbed his shoulder and turned him around. "I hear you have a new friend. I'm sorry I wasn't able to meet him, will he be coming back?"
Sherlock wrapped his arms around John and closed his eyes, his chest still heaving. "God, that was wonderful." He lifted his head after a while and smiled down at his lover before cupping his cheek and kissing him softly.
"No, don't be sorry, love. I know this is what you want and I'll be here to support you every step of the way, no matter what." Sherlock placed a kiss to the top of John's head and maneuvered them until they were laying down again with John's head resting on his shoulder.
Mr. Holmes frowned and clutched the boy to him, wrapping his arms around him and bringing one hand up to the back of his head. He looked up at the officer standing nearby who nodded, confirming that he'd heard the name. Siger focused on soothing the boy in his arms as if he were his own child. His youngest loved him and he considered him part of the family now.
John kissed Sherlock back, running a hand through his hair. "I know, love. But you have me now, and I'll always be there to make you feel better." He stayed quiet for a moment, thinking. He wished there was some way that they could eliminate the memories from Sherlock's mind.
John was crying too now, and he just kept staring at Sherlock, wishing so badly that he could be up there with him. He completely understood now why Sherlock never wanted to talk about it. It was more horrible than he could have imagined. And he had never before felt so vehemently like he wanted to throttle someone. If he could do it, if he could kill Sebastian Moran and get away with it, he would have in that moment.
him. He whimpered as he felt a shiver make its way through his body and his arsehole convulsing around his lover's cock.
Sherlock stood and lifted his shirt to show the wound on his side. Helen looked over at him before turning back, "okay, continue please, tell me what happened next."
John smiled back, more fully this time, and looked at Sherlock again. He scooted his chair closer to the bed and opened ilhis mouth, trying to think of something to say. "Um...hi, Sherlock," he started. "I'm really sorry. I feel like I keep messing everything up." He sighed, bowing his head.
blush." He reached around John to grab the soap and shook the bottle in front of his face. "Shall we?"
"I try so hard, then something stupid happens and then you get hurt...I wish I wasn't such an idiot all the time. Anyway, I hope you wake up soon. I...I need to see you, alive and moving. You really scared me before." He glanced back up at Sherlock, not knowing if he could really hear anything he was saying.
John bit his lip. "I don't really want to, but I mean, just look at this place. We can barely afford this, let alone for me to go to school." He sighed and hung his head. "I'm not smart enough for scholarships, I don't have a job. I don't know what I could do besides the army. And now that I have you, I really don't want to leave." He looked back up at Sherlock, wishing there was some other way.
John chuckled just a little, giving Sherlock a loving kiss before sitting up so he could reach the table. He opened the drawer and found the box and bottle he was looking for. Pulling one condom out, he put the box back.
John giggled a little and winked at Sherlock. "No, I don't. But it's still fun to tease you." He grinned and then turned back to the film, settling comfortably with Sherlock.
Sherlock collapsed back on the bed when he was finished and he could only manage to nod his head in response. He laid still as he evened out his breathing and reached a hand out to try and get John to join him on the bed.
trust you, I just..." he bit his lip and looked down at the ground, "It's hard to understand sometimes, you know? That you would... love someone like me. Someone so messed up..." he felt tears coming to his eyes again and squeezed his eyes shut. "I trust you, John. I believe in you, I believe in
John grinned. "Get used to it. There's a lot more where that came from," he said, wiping Sherlock's tears away gently. He shifted to lay his head in Sherlock's lap, smiling up at him. Grabbing both of Sherlock's hands, he laced their fingers and waved their hands a little.
Helen nodded once and stood, smoothing out her skirt. "John... Before the second attack on Sherlock, had you ever spoken with Miss Morstan?"
Sherlock shrugged, "I'm just looking at the most handsome boy I've ever seen," he said cheekily and grinned. He lifted himself up until he was able to straddle John's hips and leaned down to give him a long, slow kiss.
After they were done cleaning up, Sherlock grabbed John, wrapping his arms around his waist and kissing him firmly on the lips. He led the other boy back to the dressing area and sat him down on the ottoman. "Wait here, I want to model for you too."
"Ohh, yes..." John pushed onto Sherlock's finger, moaning happily at the penetration. He spread his legs a bit wider.
"Oh. Da, that's terrible. Why didn't you tell me sooner?" John tried to get him to meet his eyes, but he wouldn't.
With a sudden rush of adrenaline, John ripped the rugby players away, flinging them into walls and lockers and each other until he reached Sebastian Moran. He got a special treatment. John whipped him around by the shoulder and decked him in the face, knocking him to the ground. Then he dropped beside Sherlock and his heart cracked at the sight of him. "Sherlock! Oh, God. Hang on." He scooped the boy into his arms and took off at a run. Luckily, Sherlock's irregular eating habits left him rather lightweighted.
Sherlock faintly heard another voice joining in with the others, but this one was different, soothing... "
When Sherlock pulled back, he moved forward trying to catch him again. But as he started kissing the bruises, John just laid back and let out a soft hum. Every spot he touched tingled with relief from the pain. "I love you..."
John could feel everything in Sherlock's lips, as if he were saying in to him out loud. He kissed him back, trying to show that it was all reciprocated. It wasn't a surprise that John was getting hard with all this attention. And how could he not anyway, when the most gorgeous boy and his only love was even just in bed with him. So he was glad when Sherlock moved his hand down to touch him, and he moaned softly at the strokes.
John's cheeks went the faintest bit of pink. He'd forgotten about this too, another threat he'd said to Moran. "I told him that if he touched Sherlock again I would let him know what it felt like to be in his position."
John barely had time to catch his breath before Sherlock was coming in his mouth. He swallowed much the same, sucking through Sherlock's climax. Finally, when Sherlock was finished, he licked him clean and pulled off to flop onto his back. "Oh...fuck, Sherlock..." he breathed, pulling his fingers out.
Sherlock gripped John's hand and started to move in and out of his body. He leaned down to whisper in his fiancé's ear. "Have I ever told you... how perfect you are? Just so... handsome and kind and your body..." his breath hitched as he moved in deeper, "
The usher stood near the back of the courtroom and walked up to read the charges. "Sebastian Moran, age 18, being charged with harassment, assault and attempted murder. Being charged by Sherlock Holmes, age 18."
John smiled as he kissed Sherlock., gently pressing him back to lay in the flowers. He followed Sherlock's lead and kept it slow, just the soft touch of lips between two lovers. When he pulled away, he gazed down at Sherlock and brushed his fingers over the other boy's cheek. "I don't want you to doubt me," he said softly. "And I don't want to ever make you cry again. So if I do something wrong, tell me."
John rubbed the towel over himself, ruffling his hair so that it stood up at odd angles. "I do too. I think I'd figure out a way to transfer the both of us for our safety." He glanced down at the floor for a moment, remembering Sherlock laying there in his own blood, the gunshot ringing in his ears, and he shivered. "It's sick," he said, only half meaning to let it out loud. "What drives a person to be so violent?" John looked back up to Sherlock, who had been so close to not being here in this moment, or any moment for that matter.
Sherlock just laughed and carried John up the stairs, grinning the whole way there. He pushed his bedroom door open with his foot and shut it behind them. He plopped his fiancé down on the bed and straddled his hips.
John's face heated a little and he headbutted Sherlock gently in the chin. "After so long, most couples would lose their spark, wouldn't they?" he said softly. "But not us. I wonder what makes us so different."
, he kept repeating in his head and took controlled breaths. He tried not to show any weakness to show John that what he was doing was working.
Sherlock smirked, but had pity on John and removed his trousers and pants. After tossing them on the floor, he came back and kissed both of his lover's hipbones before kissing all over his thighs.
John's face could have passed for a cherry when Mycroft spoke. Hadn't he ever heard of privacy? He buried his face in Sherlock's neck as Mycroft continued, but peeked out again when he heard that it was Sherlock's birthday. Once Mycroft was gone, he looked up at Sherlock and smiled. "Why didn't you tell me that it was your birthday? It would have passed right by and I wouldn't have given you anything."
John nodded, understanding. He gently flipped them over so Sherlock was on his back beneath him. "I'll take care of you first, my love. Tell me if anything is too much for you." He bent to kiss Sherlock, hands working the button of his trousers.
He took a deep breath and began. "Harry came out to our parents when she was seventeen. You know what happened then. Mum picked up and left, and the divorce was final within a few months. Da was really upset because he loved Mum a lot, but he loved Harry too, and wanted to support her. I was upset too, but I was seven so I didn't even fully understand. Harry didn't seem that bothered. At first."
John sighed and closed his eyes, but opened them again as visions of his nightmare swam before him. "My father came to take me away. He didn't want me to be with you anymore. I couldn't get back to you," he explained quietly.
Sebastian laughed, "ooooh, we're so scared!" he shoved John against the wall, "look, you're still new here, so we're going to go easy on you this time..." he said and turned away slightly before rearing his fist back and punching John in the gut.
John rolled them over so that they were both on their sides, making it easier to hug Sherlock back. He tucked his head under Sherlock's chin and snuggled into him. "Don't worry. I swear to you, you'll never have to be alone again." He pressed a few gentle kisses to the pale skin of Sherlock's neck. This seemed strange to say when they barely knew each other, but at this point he couldn't imagine them being apart. It was as though Sherlock had always been there or was always supposed to be.
Sherlock continued running as fast as he could until he couldn't breathe anymore and collapsed on the ground in sobs, his back against the wall. He brought both of his hands up to his hair, gripping tightly and trying to calm himself. But it was no use, his heart was shattered. He couldn't believe that something like this could happen and started rocking back and forth, tears flowing freely down his face.
John moaned at Sherlock's touches, reaching down to undo the buttons on Sherlock's shirt. He broke away from Sherlock's lips to start trailing hot kisses down his lover's neck, grinding down into him. Yes, he had definitely forgotten about where he was because he wasn't trying to hold back anymore.
John frowned, knowing that Sherlock probably didn't want to have to look at it again; he didn't want to either. But he gave him a smile and reached out towards him. "It's alright, love."
John shook his head, but not enough to break the eye contact he maintained with Sherlock. It was making more and more sense, which made it worse and worse. He was sure that Sherlock could tell he was catching on, but he didn't want him to stop. He couldn't stop. Terrible as this was, it was just what they needed to win. 'I love you. So much.' he mouthed towards him. 'You're so strong.'
John panted heavily, stumbling back towards the bed until he could collapse back into it. "Oh shit...Oh Sherlock..." He closed his eyes and swallowed, trying to calm down.
much planned for John and he wanted to be able to enjoy it fully without worrying about tearing his wound back open.
John's breathing was laboured as Sherlock finished preparing him. When the other boy spoke he whined and nodded. "Yes, please!" He spread his legs even more, feeling desperate.
"John!" Sherlock's father made his way through the crowd of police and paramedics and grabbed onto John's shoulders, shaking him. "Get it together, son. You have to tell them what happened, okay? You have to help catch who did this to my boy." He spoke firmly, but was also trying to comfort the boy, knowing how he must feel right now.
John cried out and thrust up into Sherlock as he came, soon finding his own release inside of his lover. He kept moving until he was totally spent and then slumped back and pulled Sherlock against him.
"God, yes." John closed his eyes, panting still from the amazing sensations. "That was amazing." He opened his eyes again, turning to look at his fiance with a smile. "You are amazing." He ran his fingers through Sherlock's curls.
John's whole body was shaking at the feeling, and he squeezed himself a little harder. It felt smooth with the slickness of his saliva, yet the top was rough as it scraped against the rim of his entrance. "Fuck,
"I'll make sure we stay together the rest of the night, then," Sherlock said and nodded in understanding. He stood and helped John up, looking around and finding a small living area. He led the other boy over and sat him down in one of the plush chairs.
"This morning, when you told your father you were staying with... a friend. I just... I have to admit, it hurt. I know that you probably think that I'm stupid for thinking this, but there's still that doubt inside of me that you'll stay no matter what. I'm afraid that if you are that ashamed of telling your father about us, that you'll eventually leave me because you don't want to lie to him anymore." He held his breath after he finished what he had to say and looked up at John, helplessness written across his face.
John looked up when Ms. Rodin said that they wanted to drop the charge, and he was just as angry as Sherlock, though his fiance had beaten him to saying anything. He couldn't believe that they were willing to ignore the fact that Sebastian had nearly killed Sherlock. And of course, this all came back to the fact that his testimony had gotten weaker the longer he stayed at the bench, which brought John back to feeling guilty.
Sherlock moaned, still half asleep, but once he figured out what his boyfriend was doing he smirked. He lay perfectly still and tried to keep his breathing even so John would think he was still sleeping.
Sherlock gave John a quick peck on the lips before jumping out of bed to get dressed. "Get up! There's a lot to show you," he said and winked at his boyfriend before walking out the door to the bathroom.
Mycroft walked in at that moment, "you passed out at Mary's party," he said, smiling at John. He knew he wouldn't want to lie to him, this way he wouldn't have to. "The doctor said they'll release you in a couple hours, they just want to keep you under observation for a bit more."
John copied the stance and said, "I swear by God that the evidence I shall give shall be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth." He removed his hand and took his seat, waiting for Ms. Rodin to come up and question him.
you to go." He wrapped his arms tightly around the other boy, "I'm kidnapping you, you're not allowed to leave."
John grinned. "You're welcome." He snuggled closer to Sherlock and closed his eyes. He felt like everything had fallen into place somehow. He and Sherlock just...belonged. At Sherlock's words, he felt his heart doing backflips and his cheeks going rosy. "I don't know...But I feel exactly the same," he said, locking eyes with Sherlock's.
Sherlock closed his eyes and bit his lip as John teased him. He opened them and raised his eyebrow at the other boy, "You don't really want to go there, do you?" he asked with a cheeky grin.
John hummed and kissed him again, fingers dipping under Sherlock's pants to slip them down his long legs. He then brought his fingers up, between their lips, and pressed them to Sherlock's kiss-swollen mouth.
John moaned more loudly and reached up to wrap his arms around Sherlock's neck. He was nearly there and he bucked into Sherlock's hand easily with the natural lubricant. "S-so close..." he whimpered, clinging tightly to his lover.
John started bobbing his head, each time he came down moving lower on Sherlock. He relaxed his throat, willing Sherlock to use his mouth if he wanted to. He felt a bit cheeky and moved one hand underneath his boyfriend, slipping a finger between the cheeks of his arse to tease him.
John hummed, so content in this moment. "Agreed. Though I think it has a lot to do with our new marital status." He reached around to take Sherlock's hand, the one with the ring, and kissed his knuckles. "I love you, so very much. My world, my heart, my soul."
"Then you can do the same to me," John said with a wink. He then turned back to the game and started it up. It was a classic fighting game. John picked a character and then watched Sherlock with a grin.
"Is that all he said?" Ms. Rodin asked. Sherlock bit his lip and hesitated, but shook his head. "When I told him that I wasn't going to stop dating John, he said... that we'd have to do this 'the hard way'."
Sherlock hummed, "luckily you won't have to." He sighed happily and snuggled into John's neck, "you're amazing as well, love. I couldn't see myself with anyone but you."
"I'll take that as a compliment," he said, grinning with what he knew could only be an extremely sappy expression. "But maybe one day we'll remedy that. Practice makes perfect, and all that other stuff."
a burden," John said quietly, but with a steely ferociousness that he hoped would banish that particular sentiment of Sherlock's. His hands smoothed over the battered old case still sitting in his lap. "The only reason it hurts is that…"
to be doing in the dark) as he unconsciously pulled his legs up to his chin, "You just caught me off guard with the candle, and the storm is loud, and-"
too late for unnecessary conflict in John's opinion. They were all sequestered in a conference room for a briefing on an especially heinous serial killer in the making, and half of the room was either catnapping or well on their way to falling asleep in their files and paper coffee cups. The drone of the air vents only made for enticing white noise to doze to along with the warmth of the room.
John looked less closely at Sherlock's wound (which wasn't hard since he'd more than had his fill of it) and more at his hands. It wasn't
It continued to trail behind him as he tramped up the stairs, ignoring Mrs. Hudson's inquiring call as he pushed open the door (the door was almost always unlocked nowadays), and simply stood in the doorway.
John turned his head a tad to let Sherlock know he was listening, but only a little from his very cozy position that involved burying his face in the crook of his soft neck. It had been a long day of chases through London's grimy alleys, but a blissful few months of silk sheets and cleared refrigerator shelves when he asked for them.
"Oh no, science is cemented in fact, and so are my thoughts on it. Faith is a tricky, guileless thing that
The motion was so unexpected that John opened his eyes to stare at Sherlock in disbelief, only to be taken aback when the man's face was much closer than he anticipated. No more than a few inches between them, just enough that Sherlock was all he saw.
"You're slower than me this morning," John managed to reply, straightening out his jumper and hopping over the empty violin case. It took all he had not to sound as aghast as his inner thoughts.
John's stomach twisted, fluttering and soaring like a bird had gotten caught inside him. He shoved the feeling down before it could meet the weight in his chest, focusing on the blood and duty before him and
than just a conversation. There was always something left unsaid that John had to read between the lines to pick up on, even in the instances where Sherlock was word vomiting as fast as he could to explain his brain's output.
"You're not just a man," John said roughly, trying to ignore the different kind of heat flooding his skin at the feel of the fingers sliding up through his hair, "You're a good man."
Sherlock's smile still held no teeth, but his eyes sparkled and danced as he stood and shoved his hands in his pockets, still managing to look regal despite the messiness the night had brought to his appearance as he walked out of the breakroom.
"You'll have to trust other doctors someday," he said because that was the only thing his mind could focus on beyond the fact that Sherlock
John huffed out a laugh and stretched out a hand to fumble for Sherlock, fingers sliding against his forearm.
He leaned into Sherlock's warmth and buttoned up his coat, heart both comforted and tormented by his scent and his voice. It was pain, caring so
"Sherlock, there better be a cleared space for this milk," he called out, mentally patting himself on the back for keeping his voice as normal sounding as possible. Hell, he'd even been civil enough not to bring up the open window first and foremost.
"Instead, I come close to falling into bed with you last night, and other times besides that," Sherlock said, words pouring from his bow mouth like the volatile liquids he poured into beakers to make color change and air smoke in dazzling displays, "On a
"Stupid medics," he hissed, dabbing the cuff of his shirt at John's cheek as he used the other hand to slowly peel the gauze back. "Honestly, you think they'd be able to handle
"Then follow me, as you always have," he declared, moving with a fluid grace that defied his marble appearance.
Mycroft cleared his throat, "very well then, off we go." He pulled out of the driveway and towards the school.
, he thought and focused on escaping deep into his mind palace to ignore the pain, as he always did. He didn't even hear the exchange between the other boys, too lost in his thoughts.
After a while, Sherlock opened his eyes slowly and smiled down at his fiancé. "Good morning, love," he said and stretched before hugging John tighter.
Sherlock hummed in agreement, "yes, I'd have to agree on that. I think that's been proven, yeah? We're right here together even after all we've been through." He smiled again and ran his fingers through his new fiance's hair before pulling him in for a deep, loving kiss.
Sherlock wiped his eyes and continued to smile at John. After they exchanged the usual vows, the minister proclaimed them married and Sherlock leaned down to press their lips together. He wrapped his arms around his new husband's waist and closed his eyes, drowning out everything else but this moment where they truly became one.
John leaned back into Sherlock, sighing in happiness. He could stay like this forever, in the most beautiful place he'd ever seen, in the arms of the boy he lo-...John's thoughts stopped there. Was he already falling in love with Sherlock? He glanced up at him, taking in his handsome face, his unreal eyes, and that adorable mop of curls. His heart skipped a beat and he turned pink. Oh yes. He could definitely be falling in love, hard and fast.
Sherlock made a noise between a whimper and a moan as John continued to move. He tilted his head further back, trying to give his lover access to more skin. "Oh,
John relaxed, glad Sherlock forgave him and that he seemed to be feeling better. "No, I want to do it now. If you're up for it. Are you feeling better after yesterday?" he asked, looking him over. Sherlock still had some visible cuts and bruises on his face and arms but John couldn't tell how badly it felt to him.
John arched into Sherlock, eyes darkened with lust as he bucked up to get more of him. "Yes...please fuck me, Sherlock. Make me yours." He laid back and pulled Sherlock on top of him, groping his backside as he ground up into his lover. "I want to feel you filling me up, using me to make you feel good. Please..."
Sherlock shivered as he felt his lover coming deep inside of him. After he was finished he maneuvered them both to the floor of the shower, John's back to the wall and Sherlock settled between his legs. "
Sherlock kissed John back as passionately as he could and kept his eyes open to look back at his boyfriend. "I also promised you I wouldn't ever leave you," he murmured and smiled. "You'll find I never break my promises, John."
John smiled at the soft touches and kiss and felt his chest swelling in happiness. "I love you, too." He could stay like this forever and be perfectly content.
John sang loudly with everyone else, watching as Sherlock blew the candles out in one breath. After listening to the short conversation between Sherlock and his father, he flushed and hugged him back. "You are too sweet, love," he said into his chest.
Sherlock's eyes widened as he realised what John was planning. He greedily sucked and licked his fiancé's fingers, coating them in saliva. He snuck a hand down to the other boy's arse and gave a squeeze, unable to help himself.
"I'm cold too. I miss my personal space heater," John said with a smirk. "But really, we need to move in together. I hate being away from you."
Sherlock blushed, "really? Well... I have to say that I think you are quite fantastic yourself, I've never felt so... pleasured before." He hugged John tightly to him and sighed happily. "Mmm... I think I will have no trouble sleeping all night after that," he said and chuckled.
Taking a deep breath, he spoke. "Sir, I just want you to know you have raised an amazing son. He is kind, caring and wise. We never expected to feel this way about each other, or even meet, but we did... He has saved my life twice in the past few days and I am forever grateful for that."
"It's alright now," John said, Sherlock's words ripping his heart to shreds. He couldn't stop the steady stream of tears rolling down his cheeks. "No one can ever make you do that again. No one will ever hurt you again. I've got you." He smoothed his hand over Sherlock's back, kissed into his hair, and kept talking to him gently. If after this anyone dared to let that monster free, John wouldn't be accountable for his actions.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes and frowned before wrapping his arms around John and attacking his face with kisses. He rubbed their cheeks together, making sure to get more of the cake on his husband's face. The guests laughed as the photographer took pictures of the whole episode. After a while, Sherlock pulled back and smiled down at the other man, shaking his head. "You're lucky I love you so much," he murmured.
John cried out, pushing back onto Sherlock's long finger. He could see his face in the mirror, flushed and sweating, and he closed his eyes. "Ohh, Sherlock..." He tried to brace himself on the glass but his hands slipped down, streaking it.
John's fingers curled into the fabric of Mr. Holmes's shirt as he tried to control himself, but it was no use. He was shattered, heart and soul. He listened to his deep voice speaking, almost the same tone as...and it only made him cry harder. That is, until he heard his last few words.
Hours later, Sherlock woke, a dull ache throbbing through his body. He groaned and let his eyes flutter open. The first thing he saw was John's face and although his eyes were closed, Sherlock smiled. He was beyond happy knowing that his boyfriend was okay. He gave John's hand a light squeeze and sighed happily.
Sherlock kissed John's fingers, reaching up to take his hand in his own. "I have a few things for us to use... In the small red satchel by the door. Go get it, please," he murmured.
"Then what happened?" Helen asked and continued to pace. Sherlock was wringing his hands together and kept eye contact with John, trying to offer any comfort he could with his look.
After a few minutes of that, he pushed up so that their positions were flipped. Putting his hands on either side of Sherlock's head to hold himself up, he started to thrust his hips hard, slamming into Sherlock and trying to get deeper each time.
Sherlock frowned, "I can only do that with my brain..." he murmured and swallowed thickly. There were several memories of the beatings he'd taken from Moran and the others that he had locked away, several of them worse than the pounding he'd taken mere days ago. He closed his eyes against them as they tried to fight their way back through and he felt a tear run down his face.
He increased the speed of his movements, knowing Sherlock must be close to the edge. He wanted him to climax, wanting to take everything he gave.
John loved the way the two of them fit together. He could fully sheath himself inside of Sherlock, his lover's inner walls closing perfectly around him, and make them one whole piece. He felt fully complete, more than he usually did when he was with his lover.
John looked up at Ms. Rodin when she came over, and then back down at Sherlock curled in his arms. He tilted his fiance's face up to kiss him a few times. "This is it, love. All this just has to be worth it," he said softly, desperately hoping that he was right. He ran a hand through Sherlock's tousseled curls. "Are you ready?"
Sherlock hid his face in John's shoulder and closed his eyes, jumping at a touch to his shoulder. "Hello, Sherlock!" Sherlock sighed and lifted his head, turning around slowly. "Hello, Irene," he grumbled and plastered on a smile. "Who's your friend?" She said and looked John up and down, nose turned up.
John returned the kiss happily. "You're very welcome. Now smile for me, I don't like it when you cry." He caressed Sherlock's cheek, thumb running over his prominent cheekbone.
"Mmm... Well, if you did that, I'd never let you leave," Sherlock said and chuckled. He leaned down to press a soft kiss to John's cheek and left his face there, snuggling into his neck.
Sherlock smiled and leaned into the touch to his cheek. He grabbed hold of John's hand and placed a kiss to the centre of his palm. "Thank you... No one has ever said anything that nice to me before." He beamed at his fiancé as happy tears came to his eyes. How could he ever have doubted this young man's love for him? It was written clearly all over his face in that one moment. Sherlock knew this scarf would forever be his favourite item of clothing.
John led Sherlock up to the flat and when they got in, he called out for his father. "Hey, Da, Sherlock's here." Hamish popped his head out from the kitchen.
John laughed and went back to the bed, sitting on the edge. "Feeling any better, lovey?" he asked, smiling down at the other boy. "You're adorable, by the way."
After almost an hour, Sherlock finally got to the point where he felt good enough to kiss John back. "I love you," he whispered, voice still a little choked, "I love you so much..."
John liked this, slow and sensual, the music and candles keeping the mood gentle and loving. His hands wandered down to Sherlock's arse, slipping under the elastic of his boxers and pulling them down slightly just so that the pale hip bones of his boyfriend were showing. He trailed tender kisses along Sherlock's jaw, to his neck and down it, letting Sherlock undress him as he did.
John pulled the boy up and shrugged a little. "I know I don't have to. But I want to." He looked up at him and could see the almost calculating look in his eyes. It was a bit unnerving, especially because he didn't understand why this boy would be looking at him that way. Unless of course he didn't trust him just yet. John supposed he couldn't blame him for that after the way he had been treated. He gestured for the boy to follow him down the hall, intending to go into the bathroom and clean him up. Luckily he always kept a first aid kit on him. "What's your name?" he asked, glancing at the boy.
When they stood up to say goodnight, John waited until Sherlock had hugged his mother and then stepped forward to shake her hand again. "This was wonderful," he said sincerely. "Thank you for having me, Mrs. Holmes."
Sherlock hissed in pleasure as he felt John's fingers on his skin and he reached down to take his own trousers and pants off with shaking hands. Once he was fully nude, he laid on top of his boyfriend and ground their erections side by side, moaning and panting.
the most amazing, kind, wonderful man that I've ever met." He offered John a smile and leaned in to kiss his lips again.
Sherlock laughed, "I think I can manage. After all, you did get me off twice in less than an hour. A new record for us, yeah?" He grinned at John and led them back towards the house.
"I'm only teasing. Don't stay up too late." Then Mr. Watson went into the living room, leaving them alone.
Sherlock looked up, locking gazes with the other boy. He shook his head, "I could never be too good to you. There will never be enough words or enough actions for me to express to you just how special you are to me. I told you that you saved me in more ways than one and that's true... John, you not only saved me from Sebastian..." he took one of his hands and cupped his fiance's cheek, "you saved me from /myself/." He leaned in to press a loving kiss to John's lips, closing his eyes and focusing his entire being into it.
John climbed up next to Sherlock and kissed him. "Glad you enjoyed it." He laid there, trying not to think about his own erection, letting Sherlock have a few minutes to calm down. He knew his lover wouldn't leave him hanging but John had taken a lot out of him.
John's tears came back anew and he pressed his face into Mrs. Holmes's shoulder. He could easily see himself considering them a second set of parents. He looked up and smiled as best as he could. "Thank you." Pulling away from Mrs. Holmes, he wiped his eyes again and turned more stoic. "He deserves whatever he gets. It's a good thing he'll be going to jail because if I ever saw him again..." John's hands clenched into fists and he took a deep breath.
John groaned around Sherlock, his talented mouth making him want to open his own trousers and stroke himself. But he wasn't going to lose control. He pulled his moistened fingers from Sherlock's mouth and reached under his lover, swirling one around his entrance, while at the same time starting to move lower on him.
"Extremely lucky," Sherlock said and smiled fondly at John. He continued eating, doing his best to clean his plate. After he was done, he helped John clear the table and wash the dishes.
He finally looked up at Sherlock and smiled. "But then you came along and suddenly that didn't matter anymore, just like it didn't matter that I was unsure of my sexuality in the first place. I guess when you find the right person, everything just...clicks."
Sherlock nodded and smiled, he was really excited to show John where he was taking him. It was a very special place to him and he hoped he liked it. He stood and grabbed John by the hand, dragging him out the door and through the foyer.
John's eyes were also glistening with tears and he swallowed the lump in his throat to try to make himself more able to speak. He took a deep breath and concentrated on Sherlock and Sherlock alone.
John pressed his lips a little harder to the spot, sucking more firmly. He felt something poking him, letting him know just the effect he was having on Sherlock. John flipped himself around so he was stradling Sherlock, and very gently rocked into him. Pulling his mouth off, John smirked up at Sherlock. That was enough for now.
Sherlock suddenly stopped crying and his arms loosened around his legs. He let John lift his head, but he was staring blankly off at the doorway. "Is he going to be okay?" Mary said softly, frowning and brow furrowed. His eyes looked glazed over and the only movement was him blinking occasionally.
"You don't have to, darling... Calm down and listen to me, okay? I need you to come talk to your father with me." Sherlock murmured soothingly and stroked the back of his fiance's head.
"It's the least I could do for the love of my life," Sherlock said softly and tilted his head up to kiss John on the lips.
John sat up and stretched, swinging his legs over the edge of the bed. "Thanks," he said, scooping up the clothes. His stomach rumbled at the mention of breakfast and he licked his lips. "French toast sounds fabulous. I hope you don't mind if I take a shower myself." He kissed Sherlock on the cheek, taking the clothes to go find the bathroom.
Sherlock moaned into the other man's mouth, laying back and pulling John with him. He rocked his hips down onto his lover's finger, desperately wanting more.
Sherlock nodded and gave John another kiss. "It's time," Ms. Rodin said and led the boys back out to the courtroom, showing them to their seats. Sherlock kept a tight hold on his fiance's hand as they waited for the judge to rejoin them.
Sherlock whimpered at his lover's words, completely lost in every sensation he was feeling. "John... Oh,
John tried to control himself but it was getting hard when Sherlock moved his hips forward. He didn't make any moves but he hissed a little at Sherlock's fingers digging in. He took a moment to breathe, trying to force himself down before saying anything. "It's all right, I don't want you to be in pain." John smoothed his hand through Sherlock's hair. "When you're all better we can do whatever you like."
Sherlock chuckled breathlessly, "you mean you wouldn't have enjoyed it this much or you wouldn't have enjoyed the way we did it?" He turned his head and kissed John on the temple.
Sherlock smiled at John's nervousness, "of course. Would you... like to come over?" His heart began to pound in his chest from what was either excitement or his own nerves, he couldn't tell. It was exhilarating either way and he hoped he hadn't overstepped some boundary, never having any friends growing up caused him to be rather inept socially.
Sherlock cupped John's cheek and attempted a smile, "we'll make it work. I don't want to ask you to give up on your dreams, it wouldn't be fair of me. I'm sure something will come up, and if it doesn't, well... you'll just have to write me as often as you can from the army."
John frowned, wondering what that could mean, but he supposed he should come home anyway. He'd been at Sherlock's for nearly three days now. "Da wants me to come home after school. But I'll come back as soon as I can." Once his shoes were on, John pocketed his mobile and grabbed his bag. "Love you," he said as he bent to give Sherlock a kiss.
Sherlock snickered against John's skin, his body shaking with silent laughs. "God... that could have been so much worse," he said and pulled away, still laughing.
Sherlock groaned and arched his back, his nails digging into the palms of his hands. "God... You're amazing," he breathed. John's mouth on his cock was one of his favourite sensations ever, he couldn't believe he'd never done anything with another bloke before. John was a natural.
"I have no idea what you were saying, but you sounded damn sexy saying it," he whispered, reaching Sherlock's chest. He kissed all over it as his hands worked down further, reaching his husband's trousers and pushing them to the floor.
Sherlock chuckled, "okay then, but I get to choose this time." He led John over to the huge leather sofa in front of the telly and grabbed a couple of controllers. He held one out for the other boy to take. "Here... You may have me whipped at that fighting game nonsense, but I am the
John hung on until the bitter end and by the time Sherlock was telling him to go, he didn't think he could have lasted another second. He cried out with his climax at, the feeling of Sherlock's hot release filling him only adding to it. When he finally finish he gasped for breath and slumped, feeling sticky and sweaty but incredible all the same.
John took Sherlock's hand under the table and grinned. If they were anything like Mr. and Mrs. Holmes he would be very grateul. They seemed to have a very strong marriage.
parents, they probably already have some idea that this was going to happen." He smiled and kissed John on the temple. "What about your father? I mean, I know he's okay with us dating now, but how do you think he'll react to us being engaged to be married?"
"I know I don't have to, but I want to," Sherlock murmured, pressing his face into John's hair. "You saved me... In so many ways and you're testifying, bringing up those memories again just do I don't have to testify." He pulled back and smiled down at John, cupping his cheek, "I don't know how you do it. You're so brave."
"No nightmares last night, son?" His father asked and Sherlock looked at him in shock, "How did you...?" Siger raised a hand, "Sherlock, it's hard for me not to notice when you wake up in the middle of the night screaming. I didn't come in because I knew you'd want to be left alone." Sherlock sighed and nodded, "yeah... no nightmares last night," he said softly. He really didn't want John to know just how bad the nightmares were, but he supposed it was too late now.
Sherlock tilted his head to place kisses on John's jaw and he moved his hips so the other boy's cock got friction as it was caught between their abdomens. "There we go, love... Almost there... want you to come with me," he murmured against his lover's skin.
John whined, squirming and grinding back on Sherlock. "Please..." He opened his eyes, catching their reflections in the mirrors. Sherlock looked so powerful standing behind him that way, truly owning him, and the sight made him whimper, cock throbbing.
John kissed Sherlock in return, forgetting all about the soreness of his injuries. In fact, he was feeling nearly one hundred percent better, and he knew it was because of Sherlock. He made a soft sound into Sherlock's lips and tilted his head a little as they kissed.
"Well, we have the whole flat to ourselves for at least eight hours. No one to hear us, or accidentally stumble in. What could we possibly do..." John moved to straddle Sherlock, putting his hands on the other boy's shoulders.
John sighed happily, returning the kiss. They danced for a long while until they finally announced that the cake was being brought out. It was a tall cake, chocolate with strawberry jam filling and vanilla buttercream icing. On top were two groom figures that someone had done up to look like the lovely couple (and pushed the John figure down a bit to make him look shorter).
Sherlock shrugged, "I don't know, I just... Didn't want you to think that I was weak." He sighed and rested his head on John's shoulder.
Sherlock would like to say he wasn't scared, but he was terrified. Sebastian chuckled, "well, well... It's my favorite freak. Where's your boyfriend, hmm?" the other players laughed.
John took Sherlock's hand and squeezed it. "Sorry I asked," he said after seeing him get uncomfortable. "I wish I could do that, though. I get haunted sometimes by my nightmares." He closed his eyes and thought about trying to lock up the memories but the more he thought about them the stronger they became, so he gave up.
John was already half-hard just from watching. He smacked Sherlock's arse as it was presented to him and hummed in satisfaction. "You are so sexy, Sherlock Holmes." He grabbed the other boy's hips and pulled him down. "Dance in my lap," he breathed, leaning up to say it right behind his ear.
Sherlock groaned sleepily and snuggled closer to John, "Not hungry..." he mumbled and squeezed his fiancé around the waist.
shirt-morning hour slow your already average brain," Sherlock said, arms tangled in his shirt and head stuck within it. John was glad for it because it gave him time to school his face into something less horrified.
"John? You look even worse. You must've been hit in the head somewhere," Sherlock insisted, beginning to tug his chin down so he could inspect the back of his head.
"And what question would that be?" Sherlock asked slowly, eyes slightly narrowed as he tried to puzzle out what John was going on about.
If only it was just friendship. Then John wouldn't have to suffer like this, trying desperately to keep his bleeding-heart stoic in the face of the man he couldn't
John had ensconced himself on the couch, wrapped in his comforter as he gazed blankly into the fireplace. He'd had a dream about the war, and while they didn't plague him as often as they used to (he was too busy some days to even
"Hmm," John grunted, a wave of exhaustion halting the thought process that would've formed some sort of witty response.
John didn't care what people thought of him, but it wouldn't do to let them believe their misconceptions to be the truth when he hadn't let them see his methodical side. Sherlock wasn't the only one that could be calculating.
"I think the fuck not," John replied mildly, already stooping to take the bottle away. It wasn't one that John recognized, leading him to wonder where Sherlock had squirreled it away, and why he'd decided
Just one touch would be all that allowed himself tonight. John couldn't say how much he cared; not like this.
Strangely enough, Sherlock's words didn't sound high and mighty like they usually did when he insulted "average" thinking or something particularly stupid someone may have done that
"We're listening," someone said hurriedly, triggering a rush of dark mutterings as people began to glare at Sally and the couple others who'd picked on Sherlock the most.
"It's easier to speak to you when you're sleeping," Sherlock began slowly, eyes downcast. "I say the words you deserve to hear when you're awake then. All the sweet nothings and the…other things."
"That's the spirit, John! We should swear off of all medics until we rectify the situation with him." Sherlock exclaimed, tugging the gauze back over his cheek with a firm, but gentle tug.
that is the truly good man," he responded, his tone almost affectionate as his fingernails lightly scraped John's scalp, "The caring doctor; he who does my laundry and makes tea at odd hours."
"I'm surprised you didn't get any on your face," John remarked, dabbing at one of the wounds with a bit of gauze. His work was methodical, hands steady as he worked on Sherlock's bloody, scraped ones.
"When one is required post-haste somewhere, socks can be foregone," Sherlock replied, tossing the brush carelessly over his shoulder before stooping to look under the furniture for his elusive shoes.
"I doubted you when you said it wasn't rotten work taking care of me, but if you love me even half as much as I love you, I can believe it. It's not hard at all, to take care of someone you love."
"M'tired," he said, shutting his eyes and moving the arm he'd draped selfishly over Sherlock, freeing him before he could do something more stupid and pull him closer.
"This is serious business, John! Don't make light of the potential conspiracy we have on our hands," Sherlock admonished, but John could see he was jesting by the way the corner of his bow mouth twitched.
Sherlock's voice was always there, following him in waking and dreaming with a consistency John relied on. Sherlock was the one who propped him up and made him drink water and tea; the one that helped him get to the bathroom without flopping bonelessly onto the floor. He ran his hands through his hair and sat with him,
"Only being respectful of your boundaries," John said graciously, running his hands through his hopelessly messed up hair as Sherlock tossed the shirt over his shoulder.
"You're not so bad, Sherlock," John said suddenly, feeling the urge to let the man know a bit of what he thought, of what had troubled him beside the occasional revisit to Afghanistan in his mind, "You know you're not a monster, right?"
the rest of the world. When the fires grew hot around them and everything else burned and boiled away, it would just be the two of them. Would
And wake he did. His first lungful of air came easily, and John stared up at the dimly lit ceiling with a clear gaze, head only throbbing the slightest at his temples.
"You're dressed," John continued, nodding to the man's attire before he rested his suddenly heavy head on the back of the couch, "You smell like...soap and conditioner, which means you didn't do any experiments, and the kitchen smelled like food, which means you ate too."
However, that didn't matter a single bit to John, who was only happy that Sherlock was hungry and wanted to eat. A small goal, minuscule and perhaps more than a little strange to some, but when it came to encouraging better eating habits, John would take whatever progress he could.
Sherlock blinked, almost reptilian-like before a spot of color bloomed in his iris. The only reason John saw it was because he was looking deep into his eyes, searching for the color he knew existed.
There was a dual tone to the man's voice as if he was insulting and complimenting him at the same time. John continued to stare before deciding that the duality really didn't matter. Sherlock's eyes said that he was leaning towards the latter, however dubiously he felt about it.
John almost said so but caught himself well in time before he could dwell on the thought. Sherlock didn't-
John cracked open an eye to peer at the spot he knew Sherlock to be, even if he could only make out his vague form and planes of shadow across ghost skin.
"You make things very easy for me, John," he continued, voice lowering from the volume it'd risen to in his burst of emotion, "Easier than anyone I've met in my life. Things that I used to have trouble with are nothing but paltry shadows when I'm with you. Drugs. Routines. Comfort."
If anything, he remembered his dream better. The sand, the dust, the sensation of being lost in a crowd, almost swallowed into obscurity before being pulled free into motion by someone trapped in stone.
Something flared in Sherlock's eyes, so human and alive that it would've taken John's breath away if it'd been given the chance.
"On the contrary," he drawled, holding a thermometer that John-much to his disconcertion- couldn't recall having ever felt in his mouth. "You're running a notable fever, and you're shivering hard enough to make your tea fear for its existence."
"You're not the only one that can observe," John remarked, sliding the bow in and taking the violin from him.
"I cannot speak like you John," Sherlock bemoaned, eyes squeezed shut as he shook his head. "I am not soft, or gentle with my words. Oh, what a
into Sherlock was better than nothing. John carried around crisps, granola bars, and other snacks in his pockets for Sherlock on the off chance he could slip one into the man's hand while he was distracted poring over insane amounts of information reports or files (in that state, he was easily persuadable to eat what John gave him). He started cooking more often and storing meals away when there was room in the fridge amongst the various body parts and suspicious liquids when he learned that Sherlock would sometimes sneak out and eat it in some odd respect for John's efforts.
John nearly growled, hands going back to Sherlock's hips as they were now face to face. He started kissing Sherlock's neck again while slowly grinding against Sherlock's leg. His hands slipped around to grope Sherlock's arse, tugging him even closer.
John licked his lips, kissing Sherlock firmly. "Watch it, Sherlock, or we'll never make it to the bathroom."
John instantly felt guilty. He hadn't meant to make Sherlock cry. And hearing what he had to say almost made John want to cry as well. It was heart-wrenching. Reaching up his fingers, he gently brushed a tear from Sherlock's cheek. "I'm sorry, Sherlock. I shouldn't have asked." John bit his lip. He wanted to say that he could love him, quite easily he thought, but that was too much too fast. So instead, he decided to show Sherlock in another way, without saying it outright. "Tell me what you noticed about me," he said, offering him a smile of encouragement. "I want to see this for myself. It can't be as bad as you make it out to be." John brought his hand down to grab Sherlock's and squeeze. "I promise you, I won't be going anywhere," he added softly.
