It feels like a beginning.
“Inias, Ingrid,” the woman calls, and suddenly the angels are at their side, holding Sam and Dean back.
“Cas, it
” but the only thing his voice can do is scream and scream and scream
Dean tries to take a deep breath. “Where…” he rasps, “… Nick…”
“Um,” he says. “It’s... sort of tough to explain.”
Garth takes Kevin by the upper arm and leads him out of the kitchen-- “Ow! Ow, lemme go, old man!” “Kevin Tran, I known you for a long time but I will not hesitate to smack you!”-- leaving David at the table, mostly confused but intrigued, the name
“A demon,” Dean answers his silent,
“Well, where’d you get this one, then?” David asks, pushing down the urge inside him to reach out, grab it, and run.
And fine, maybe he doesn’t love it. Maybe he liked having a home on wheels, watching the town names pass by, remembering who and what he had lost in each one. Maybe he enjoyed having angels and demons for friends, sleeping with a knife under his pillow. Maybe he misses Castiel’s blue eyes looking at him with affection.
“You know that’s not what I want,” Castiel growls.
“I meant... it was supposed to be fun,” he says helplessly. “You know. Flirty. Just to take the edge off, for both of us. But Cas, I--”
They get into the car and they drive down the mountain in silence. Dean turns on the radio to fill the quiet, and every song sounds like it’s playing during the rolling credits on the film of Castiel’s coming-of-age story; after a nice adventure, the changed boy goes back to the town he came from and finishes school and becomes a businessman. Castiel doesn’t want that to be his story. He can’t go back.
“Because!” Castiel shouts. “If I have my grace, the angels who want to put me on trial in Heaven can find me, and then they can have me executed.”
“Yeah, some place in South Dakota,” Paul says. “I don’t remember the name. Something Falls? You were adamant, man.”
“Did you sleep with him?”
“This,” Garth says proudly, pointing to a knife with a wooden handle and a jagged, scalloped edge, “can kill demons. It’s the only thing that can. There ain’t many demons around anymore, since the gates got closed, so I keep it here in case of emergencies. And this,” Garth hesitates for a moment with the second blade. It’s long and sharp and looks like it’s made of glass or diamonds. “This is an angel sword. Can kill near just about everything, but it was made for killing angels. Each one is special to the angel it belongs to.”
“I know,” Dean says. “But I want to. It’s what I’m good at, Sam. Everything else is just... supplementary. I’m happy when I’m hunting. It’s the only time I’ve ever been really happy.”
John and Sam come pounding out from the back room.
“You breaking up with me, Dean?” Sam jokes when they sit down at the diner, but he sobers instantly when Dean doesn’t laugh. “Dude, you okay?”
“I don’t care. He’s going to die if you don’t do something.”
“Look, our dad yells a lot, but he won’t throw you out if Dean and I both want you to stay,” Sam says. “And I want you to stay. So come on.”
“Do... do you want me to leave?” he asks, trying his best to keep his voice steady.
“I just never thought you would get it,” Sam says. “It’s been years, and I never thought--” He laughs, almost sadly. “Good luck, Dean.”
Dean passes out again.
“You wish what?” Castiel says before he can stop himself.
The demon stands up fluidly. “That was almost too easy,” it declares. “You’re disturbingly out of practice.”
Dean slips briefly into unconsciousness, but Sam shakes him awake with a yell, and moments later, Castiel is kneeling beside him, holding a glowing blue vial.
“No,” Kevin frowns. “I think she just... remembered everything. The millions of years she’d been born, and why she ripped out her grace.”
“Yeah, it was hilarious,” Dean flops down in his armchair, trying his best to sound flippant. “You and I were like, I don’t know, private detectives or something, and we were in Spain, but everyone was speaking Swedish, and then you were wearing curtains because you’d just watched Gone With The Wind, I don’t know--”
“You must be the boy from the convenience store who helped kill Lilith,” she snarls. “That was my sister, you meatsack. I’m going to stuff your liver down your throat. Although,” he feels her eyes slide up and down his body, “I might have some fun with you first.”
“We work together,” Dean answers. He knows that he should be somewhat excited about the fact that this beautiful woman clearly wants him, but he feels oddly like there’s somewhere else he has to be.
“I don’t have any friends,” is all Castiel says.
They didn’t speak again until Dean called to tell him he and Sam were retiring. He’d shown up, collected all of the guns and machetes and Sam’s source material out of the trunk of the Impala, and he’d taken it to South Dakota. And that was the last time Dean had seen him, almost two years ago.
Castiel nods and takes the clothes from Dean, stooping slightly to set them on the bed. When he straightens up again, Dean is inches away from his face, cocky grin still in place.
Dean resists the urge to argue. Two workaholics in a relationship might seem like a good idea, but for he and Gina it means that they really only see each other on weekends.
“Thank you,” Castiel repeats, stiffer this time. “Be careful, Ingrid. You drew attention to yourself with this miracle and that’s not acceptable. If you’re going to live on Earth you must live as a human.”
“Drink?” he asks Castiel, but he can tell before his friend even answers that Castiel is only thinking of his bed upstairs.
“You’re a natural,” he says, clapping Castiel on the shoulder. “Now try again, without my help this time.”
He goes back to sleep instead.
“I didn’t like watching you walk away,” Dean admits. “But Cas, you have to know. This life... it ain’t easy. Not a lot of money, or glory, or anything. Mostly it’s bloody and tiring and--”
He spends some time in the library, looking up abandoned farms and warehouses in the area, as well as doing a little questioning at the local bars, asking about big, loud groups who moved in recently. If these vampires are as stupid as he thinks they are, they’re probably not trying real hard to cover up their tracks.
“Fine,” he says. “Say you’ll stop hunting
“I think she underestimated me,” Castiel pants. “She thought I’d be an easy target, her guards were down.”
“92.7 percent,” he says matter-of-factly.
“Oh, is that bothering you?” it asks, and with one swift yank, it pulls out the blade. Blood spurts from Dean’s chest and mouth.
It’s almost eleven when he hears the car pull into the driveway, the door opens, and Sam tumbles in, looking pleased and satisfied and like he’d been making out with Melissa in her car. The sight of him, happy and disheveled, makes Dean feel even worse, which makes him feel guilty as all hell. He should be happy that his brother’s love life is working out for once, even if his is in the crapper.
“Don’t make promises you can’t keep,” Nick’s sing-song voice is back.
Garth shoots a look at David, who pretends to be occupied by what Robbie is saying.
He bites his lip and waits a moment. He knows Sam is going to freak out when he drops the next bomb.
Why are you even trying to stay alive? the traitorous part of his brain thinks. Are you going to go home? Back to silence and a school full of people who don’t listen and don’t care, back to a disappointed mother and a shelf full of books? The only good thing you ever had was Dean, and he was never really yours.
” But he doesn’t listen. He’s starving for a kill, anxious to get back into the world he’s left behind.
“Dean,” John chastens him. Castiel knows that John is trying to keep everyone calm; an excitable Dean could mean a risky Dean, and that could be trouble for all of them.
Cas came back out of his room and out to the kitchen. "When you are finished eating, can you meet me in the living room love?" He asked.
“Fuck Cas. Please.” Dean begged. Cas quickly stripped off his own clothes and reached into the nightstand for their bottle of lube. He moved to sit in between Dean’s legs, spreading them apart to make room. A cold, wet finger circled his hole before it pushed in, sinking all the way to the last knuckle. Cas had already fingered him a few times, so Dean was used to this part; although this time, it wasn’t the main attraction. No, that would be finally taking Cas’ cock inside him. Just the thought had his cock so hard beneath him. Cas wasted no time stretching him out, and before he knew it, the fingers left his ass and were replaced by the blunt head of Cas’ cock at his hole.
"No, I really want to know. Don’t be embarrassed." Desn touched his cheek
“Exactly. I knew I couldn’t keep doing this with you after that. It would hurt too bad.”
After he got dressed, he poured himself coffee in his travel mug and went to leave the house, but his car keys were not on the hook by the door where he put them. He pulled at his hair in frustration before spending the next fifteen minutes searching for the damn keys which he eventually found in the freezer of all places. The universe had to be fucking with him, it just had to be.
grown to accept Cas and they had a decent relationship now. It helped that Bee had him wrapped around her little finger. She’d just bat her eyelashes and get anything she wanted from the man. Cas was pretty sure he even saw a tear in the man’s eye that time she had slipped and called him grandpa. Everyone had frozen in shock at first, not knowing how to react, but then John had pulled her onto his lap and told her he would always be a grandpa to her, no matter what happened. That was the day Cas had truly felt like he had found a family of his own. He finally had people besides Gabe who had his back and who loved his daughter like their own.
"Yes sir." Dean typed back immediately. And he scrambled out of bed to find the perfect outfit to wear.
Cas smiled. "I would like to take you out to dinner then tomorrow night if you are amenable."
“Yup” Dean affirmed as he nodded his head before smirking “Why? Ya wanna see em?”
“Well…” Dean started, cheeks tinged pink as he twisted his hands together in his lap. “I kinda, um…I made a list.” He confessed before he reached into his pocket and handed Cas the folded sheet of paper he took out.
“But I thought you guys had been dating since college?” She asked.
“Fine. Fine…. I’ll try to meet someone.” He conceded, shoulders slumping in defeat.
“Oh, dear
"Dear lord, please promise me you will not actually do that. Please don’t try to give me any more headaches you little brat." He groaned.
Dean looked very surprised to see tears, sitting down and resting a hand on his shoulder. "Well I'm here. And I'm not going anywhere.” He said sincerely.
"You will be the death of me Dean" Cas laughed as he swatted Dean's hand away from his cock. "I would love to fuck you again, but, unlike you, there is no way I could get it up again this fast."
“That’s okay little lady. You still have two more left. You can do it!” The young man encouraged Bianca. She threw her second ball and missed again. She was getting very discouraged.
Cas complied and opened his laptop that was sitting on the table in front of him, and navigated to his favorite site. He scrolled down the page till a video caught his eye; it was a video entitled ‘gay friend jerks off straight friend’ and Cas chuckled to himself as he clicked play and sank back into the cushions. He felt Dean shift on the couch and settle beside him, thighs toughing.
He was soooooo not looking forward to that.
After another hour of torture, Cas had finally had enough. They were on deserted two-lane highway, when Cas say he chance. There was a gravel back road coming up and it would be perfect for what he needed.
"I'm worried they will think I’m too old for you. I'm 15 years older than you Dean. What if they think I'm just some creep taking advantage of you?" Cas was panicking.
After what felt like forever, but was probably only a few minutes, Cas walked back in the room with just a towel wrapped around his waist and Dean felt his mouth water at the sight. Those damn hips should be illegal. He must have been obvious in his ogling because Cas called him out on it.
“Hm. Not sure. Maybe it would be safer to check it out anyway?” Dean shot a grin over his shoulder at the officer.
“Hey!” Dean retorted, but Sam carried on.
“Hey Handmaiden! You came!” She cheered.
Dean ran eagerly into the house, practically vibrating with excitement as he looked at Cas, waiting for instructions
“So…. don’t leave a girl hanging!” They both laughed at her and Dean put his arm around Cas shoulder and placed a kiss to his forehead, making Charlie squeal in delight.
“G-good. My ass hurts a little, but uh…not too bad. That was amazing Cas.” He whispered, still in awe that he just experienced all of that with someone who loved him and who he loved in return. His throat was tight with emotion and he clung tighter to Cas, never wanting to let go. “I love you.” He whispered again.
Cas arrived and they made their way inside, the hostess directed them to the correct room. A few guests had already arrived and Cas found an empty table for himself and Bianca. There were chips on the table, which was enough to entertain her until the guest of honor finally arrived ten minutes later.
“Sorry, I uh, I forgot I need to…get home early tonight. I-I…uh, I gotta go.” Dean stammered out, a fierce blush blooming on his freckled cheeks. Before Cas could wrap his head around what was happening, Dean had rushed out the front door, leaving Cas confused and momentarily stunned. When his brain finally got with the program, he jumped to his feet and ran out the front door just in time to see the gorgeous black muscle car fleeing down his street. He pulled out his phone and tried to call Dean, but it went right to voicemail.
The rest of the pickup went by in a blur, and soon he was walking back to the classroom with Miss Mosely so they could pack up and leave, first day successfully down. He was so lost in thoughts of the other man still, as he packed up his bag, that he didn't hear his name being called, until he felt a firm nudge in his side.
"Are you a hooker?" Cas asked with a smirk.
"Sorry. Sorry. I’m just shocked you slept with someone in their 60s." Cas said as he shivered.
“Don’t worry Cas. I have plenty more where that came from.” He assured his lover, earning another feral smile from the Angel. They were going to have so much fun.
Charlie left soon after and Dean sat there, trying to work up enough courage to place the call he knew he needed to make. He finally hit dial and listened to the phone ring.
“Yeah…. yeah it does.” He agreed. They stroked each other, strokes getting faster the closer they came to orgasm, and before he knew it, he felt Dean come all over his fist moaning Cas’ name as he did. Cas followed quickly after.
“Tough shit Dean. I’m sick of seeing you like this, when I know its your own doing. So, either you spill, or I’ll start saying why I think you ran out of Cas’ house last week.” Dean remined silent, voice decidedly not wanting to work at the moment, so Charlie sighed and continued. “I think you got scared. Cas told me you guys were making out and things got heated and that’s when you ran. I think your own insecurities of being inexperienced came into play and had you freaking out. Am I getting warm?” She nudged his side hard, making him roll over.
“Is that true Papa? You’re a lot older than Dean?” His daughter turned to him in question.
“Thank you.” He politely smiled as he placed a tip down.
“Oh, I…uh…I didn’t know that.” His shoulders hunched in shame at his own stupidity. He always thought anal was just something every gay guy did.
“I’m sorry.” Cas said as he wiped the remaining tears from his eyes. “ You just have no idea how much I’ve dreamed of finally having a relationship where someone’s father threatened me like that. I never thought I’d get that.” He laughed through a watery smile.
Cas reached around to undo the hunter’s fly, before he yanked the man’s pants down below his ass. He undid his own pants as well and took his throbbing length in his hand, moaning at the relief of pressure against his cock. He touched the hunter’s back and sent a tendril of grace through his boyfriends’ body, getting it ready for his cock since he lacked the patience and proper supplies to do it the human way. He guided his cock to Dean’s hole and pushed in hard, bottoming out in one thrust, causing a yelp to escape the other man.
“Cassie! Where did you hide it?” Castiel woke with a start at the sound of his brother yelling across the house. He had just managed to push himself to a sitting position when his bedroom door slammed open and Gabe pointed an accusatory finger at him. “What did you do with it? I know it was you Cas.”
They both cuddled on the bed after the intense sex they both had before they found their voice.
"Um...I was wondering..." Cas started before he chickened out and left to room and went to his bedroom. For a Dom, he could really be a chicken shit and he knew it.
She whooped and threw her fist in the air before yelling “Yes! I’m gonna have two dads now!”
He was debating the best way to murder Gabriel when he heard a knock on his front door. He wasn’t expecting company, so curiously, he got up and went to open the door. He was surprised to see Dean on the other side.
“Yeah, um…yeah. So, the thing is…I’m uh, I’m pretty sure I’m not straight.” He stammered, but kept his head held high with the admission as he waited for Cas’ reaction. Cas’ eyebrows shot way up high into his hairline and his jaw dropped. It would have been comical if Dean wasn’t so nervous.
“Your cock feels so big…” Cas groaned. He wrapped his legs around Deans lower back, digging his heels into the top of Dean’s ass. “Move, please.” He begged. Luckily Dean was quick to comply and began slowly thrusting inside Cas’ tight channel. “Fuck yes, like that…god, Dean!” He babbled, moaning as Dean fucked into him.
"Because I'm a bit of a brat, I guess" Dean shrugged, eyes twinkling bit tone serious.
Cas was pleased with that answer. He raised one eyebrow and gave Dean a stern look "Go to my bedroom. Now boy. And I want you stripped naked by the time I get there. Head down and arms behind your back. Don't keep me waiting"
“Just wait till my dad starts in.” He grumbled.
"Yes. But after I have some questions." Dean gave a nod and let Castiel slide away, snuggling into the pillow.
Dean pulled back his hips and slammed back in, moaning softly. Cas moaned and jerked his body.
“Hello. My um… my name’s Cas. And yes, I could use some help. I haven’t been able to find what I’m looking for.” He explained to the green-eyed Adonis in front of him-
“Where’s Cas?” His brother responded in question, completely ignoring Dean’s question.
Cas eventually calmed his daughter down from her happy dance and explained to her that just because they were boyfriends, that doesn’t mean they were getting married. That had been slightly awkward as Cas stuttered his way through, but she seemed to take it well, before she ran back over to the swings to play again.
“Ugh. I doubt that. But I guess you’re right.” He conceded “I do owe him an explanation.”
Dean grunted and his hips rocked, desperate to find his mouth again so he could come. "Sir, please." He groaned long and low.
“Well I’m a switch so I like both. Although I tend to top more than I bottom.” Cas admitted with his own shrug. He couldn’t deny that it was a little weird to be talking so openly with Dean about this.
Cas slowly undressed himself. And then he climbed on top of Dean. He made his way up Dean's body and kissed him. He knew how amazing Dean's kisses were.
"Fuck you, you little manipulative brat. Stop. Ugh. I’m almost done with my shift. Meet me at my house in a half hour.” Cas ordered in his best Dom voice.
Cas was so fucked out he just laid there. He couldn't tell whether Dean had actually, liked it or not though. He felt stupid again that this was his 'gift' to Dean.
" I don't want you to do anything unless you wanted to Dean. I just figured since you love being bratty that you'd like to call the shots for once. You can literally do anything you want."
“Fuck, Dean…” He moaned aloud.
“Dean. I’m sure it can’t be that bad. You two have been friends for a decade now.”
Dean went to his room and stripped in a pile of clothing on the floor and climbed onto the bed on his stomach, excited.
He parked in the lot and shut off the ignition, before exiting his car to make his way into the convenience store. Since his daughter’s school was just up the block, this place was pretty convenient. He walked up to the coffee counter and fixed himself a large cup just how he liked it; Heavy on the sugar and light on the cream. He took a sip to make sure it was perfect as he perused the pastry aisle, debating what to get. Did he want a doughnut? Or maybe he wanted a danish. He couldn’t decide, so he just grabbed one of each, making sure to also grab one of the pink frosted ones for Bianca. He figured it would either work as a celebratory treat if she had a good day, or a consolation to cheer her up if it had been a bad one.
“You’re ridiculous.” Cas rolled his eyes.
Dean looked at his lap, biting his lip. "You're welcome Cas. It's really nothing." He cleared his throat, "I wish I could have done more but I don’t think I could afford flowers or dinner.” He said dejectedly.
“Do we need a reason?” Dean scoffed as he made himself comfortable. “I’m going crazy man! This stupid quarantine is driving me up the wall. I can’t stand being cooped up like this and I cannot stare at my computer screen another second. So, I’m drinking. And since I don’t feel like drinking alone, because
“Of course.” He kissed Dean goodbye and made his way back in the building to say goodbye to his brother who had apparently been waiting for him.
He heard cheers from all of the people surrounding him, but he paid them no mind. The only people he cared about in this moment was the man in his arms and the little girl hugging his waist. They were his everything, his whole world. And they would be his future. He couldn’t think of a better place to be.
OK I know this chapter is super freaking short. But I promise going forward, all chapters will be much longer, and at least once a week. I will have another chapter posted sometime tomorrow.
“Fuck Dean!” Cas roared as he followed Dean over the edge, covering the front of the panties in his own release.
Dean looked embarrassed and Bobby shrugged, "Only other person we’ve met was a woman."
“Absolutely. I’ll be here waiting.”
"I..." Dean looked down. "I don’t know what feeling in love is like."  He bit his lip, "But if I were to describe how I feel about you... I would say I love you too. He smiled.
Cas was still slightly in shock. He was having trouble fully grasping that Dean might not be straight. That had been one of the absolute certainties he had always known; Dean was his best friend. Dean was his big crush. Dean was straight. It had always been easy to keep that crush to himself because he knew it would never go anywhere. How could it if Dean was straight? But now, everything had changed. That one certainty was no longer so. Dean hadn’t said he was bisexual or anything, which meant at this point he was probably just curious. He’d obviously been turned on by the porn, but that didn’t necessarily translate into being attracted to guys. It could have just been watching the act itself that he liked. But now he was sitting there, asking Cas to be his big gay experiment. Cas was torn. One the one hand, he’d have the perfect excuse to fool around with the guy he’d been crushing on for years. But on the other hand, would he be able to keep his feelings in check? Those thoughts were what made him delay in giving Dean an answer. But when Dean had tried to backtrack, Cas made the decision to go for it. When would he ever get this opportunity again? He just hoped it didn’t backfire on him.
“Cas! Earth to Cas!”
“Fuck.” Dean whispered. He reached out to rub his hand up Cas’ thigh. “God that’s sexy.” Cas just hummed in response before he began fingering himself, quickly adding a second finger and scissoring them to stretch his hole. Dean just watched, mesmerized at the sight in front of him. Cas soon deemed himself ready and removed both fingers before turning and straddling Dean’s legs. He handed him the condom which Dean hurriedly put on after he pulled his briefs off. Cas grabbed Dean’s cock to line it up with his hole, and before he knew it, Cas was sinking down on his hard cock, both of them groaning once he bottomed out.
“Get out of the car Dean.” Cas ordered as he climbed out of the passenger seat and shut the door behind him. Dean rolled the window down.
"Mmhmm that we did" Cas smirked. "I'm going to put this ring gag on you and stretch your pretty cocksucking lips wide so I can fuck your beautiful mouth. But since you won’t be able to talk, I want you to put your hands on my thighs. If you need to safe word at any point, tap my leg three times and everything stops." Is that agreeable to you boy?”
"I love when my boy is good. I’m going to undress you now and I want you to stay still." Cas said. And he slowly started taking off Dean's clothes. He pulled his shirt off and Dean lifted his arms so he could. Then he began undoing his jeans buttons and zippers as he peeled Dean's jeans off of him. He made sure his shoes and socks were off and then finished with pulling Dean's underwear off. He was very impressed that Dean managed to stay still the entire time he undressed him.
"I wanted to make something. I don’t mind." Dean put the things in the fridge, "I already made the other half for Sam and bobby.” He shrugged.
He walked into the room and took the loveseat across from them. His heart was racing and his palms were sweating. His head was down, eyes staring at the carpet and he couldn’t bring himself to look into their faces just yet.
“Okay, now that that is done with, why don’t we get going Cas. We still gotta drop Bee off to Gabe before it gets too late.” Dean chimes in, and Cas was happy for the change in conversation.
.” He emphasized the word, hoping Cas understood what he was saying.
That definitely made Cas feel better. "You're the only guy I've ever been in love with too." Cas definitely felt so lucky to have Dean in his life.
“Thank you, Mary. Here this is for you.” He handed her the bottle of wine he was holding.
! it's not something you do with your roommate!” He hissed as his face began to heat with the blush he was, no doubt sporting. He been crushing on his green-eyed roommate for two years now and the thought of doing anything sexual together had his cock plumping up in his sweats.
"I am." Dean replied quietly, looking away. It was obviously not something he wanted to discuss right now. Cas could tell Dean was uncomfortable so he wasn't gonna make him talk now. They would definitely talk later though.
“No, you really are Dean. It’s never a good idea to have sex with a friend. Especially not a best friend. “
“Ok cool.” Dean beamed. “So, uh, when do we start?”
“Why not? There’s still stuff I wanna try.”
“Ugh.” He grunted in response, throwing an arm across his face in embarrassment at being found out. Charlie pulled the arm away and he looked up at her, and saw the sympathetic look on her face.
Most of the day went the same; small unexplainable things would happen, Gabe would accuse Cas, and Cas would vehemently deny it. By the time night rolled around, they were both frustrated and decided to watch a stand-up comedy on Netflix. Cas clicked play and they both sank back into the cushions to watch. That’s when it started; the living room lights began to flicker on and off making both brothers jump and scream.
"We really should shower." Dean murmured, "And I can wash the bedspread for you since I messed it up."
“Your damn shorts will be the death of me.” Cas grumbled petulantly in response causing the other man to stand and throw his head back in laughter. He walked up to Cas and wrapped his arms around the shorter man.
Dean swings his feet over the side of the bed and feels triumphant when standing up doesn’t result in him swooning like some kind of damsel. He creeps on socked feet into the hallway, where Castiel is standing with his back towards the bedroom, talking on the phone.
far away!”
do you mean?”
Castiel’s face darkens considerably. “Yes, Dean, you said you
“Hey there, Bug,” he says in his baby voice. “You sleep good, sweetheart?”
Until now.
“I’m clean,” he promises. “I just... Cas, I-- I want you.”
“Give me the knife, Dean,” the little girl says again. “Or I’ll hunt down your civilian brother and rip his heart out through his eye sockets.”
“Hey, buddy,” Dean says, giving Jude a gentle shake. “Jude, wake up.”
“Damn it, Cas!” Dean barks, and Castiel finally shuts up. “I don’t give a shit how powerful you are. I just want you to be happy and you’re the most miserable piece-of-shit human I’ve ever met.”
“Do we need holy oil?” Dean asks, gulping down his coffee and wincing at its bitterness. “I’ve got some in the trunk.”
There’s a long pause, but then Castiel says, “Then bring me my grace.”
my first day back on the job. Well, you can both forget it. You’re not my babysitters. I’m an
Dean takes a deep breath.
“What?” Dean demands.
David is trembling, but he sees Claire cough, just once before her breathing stills, and something inside him explodes.
Castiel gives him an exasperated glare.
you,” Dean points out.
Cas doesn’t pick up. Dean almost hangs up out of sheer frustration, but he takes the high road and leaves a message.
“I keep my promises, all right?” Dean says, his voice dropping low. Castiel is close enough now to feel Dean’s breath ghost across his lips.
“What?” Castiel asks helplessly.
“So, that’s it, then?” he asks tiredly, and Dean nods. John straightens and fixes Castiel with a look. “Well, you did okay, Dean. He did good today.”
“And...” David registers his words with a growing horror. “And you’re saying... you’re saying that’s me? That I’m, what, a fallen angel?”
“Well, whatever it is, it’s clearly more important to you than us,” Gina says, and Dean would love to call her crazy, blame this whole thing on her, call her ‘possessive’ and ‘clingy’, but she’s none of those things. He’s the problem. Not her.
“Something for your friend?” she asks, smiling at Dean.
Dean whips his head to look at Cas, who is suddenly looking very tense.
But then he stops. This is it. This is his big moment, the chance to finally tell the truth, to stop hiding behind all those stupid walls he’s been building since he first learned how. But how can he complete that sentence?
?” David demands. “Did Carver Edlund write something? Did he say that?”
“Fine, Dean.”
!” Dean is amused to see that Castiel still employs quote-fingers to get his point across. “You’re not a hunter anymore, Dean. You can’t just get back into the life because you want to!”
Castiel rolls his eyes, and Dean feels almost wounded.
When Paul picks up, it sounds like his head feels the same as Dean’s.
for you,” he snarls. “And this is what you give me?”
Dean’s alarm goes off a couple hours later and he drags himself out of bed to get ready for a day at the garage. When he gets there, Paul is working on a Camarro, his hands already stained with grease.
They end up at this nice bar in town called O’Malley’s and Dean realizes just how weird it is to have friends who are people,
“Circumstances as in your demon buddy kidnapped them and traumatized them to the point where I had no choice but to erase myself from their minds?” Dean snaps, and it doesn’t take the look of absolute
Sam stares at him for a long moment, and then he asks, softly, “Where will you go?”
It’s odd to walk into a bar with Castiel and have people wave and say, “Hey, Cas!” like they know him.
“So that’s a yes.”
. It should always be so completely obvious what
“You know I will,” she says. “Say bye-bye to Dean, June!”
Melissa gives him a very grateful look, and Dean is reminded how much he loves her and desperately wants her to be his sister. The conversation ends abruptly when Sam re-enters the kitchen, calling, “Here she is-- say good morning to the June-bug!” and balancing Melissa’s tiny  daughter on his hip.
“You’re so cute, I might let you live,” she breathes in his ear. “Keep you around, tied up somewhere fun...”
“You’re real,” Dean is saying. “I’ve lived my whole life with nightmares and darkness and shadows and besides my family, you’re the only light I’ve ever seen. I swear, Cas, I haven’t laughed this hard in years, and you haven’t even said a word! I don’t even know what your voice sounds like! And I don’t have to, because honestly, Cas, it doesn’t matter, I don’t need to, I want you anyway, so much--”
Castiel is expecting a thug with a gun, or a wild animal, something that looks like it could put that much blood onto Dean’s face. But what walks through the door almost makes him gasp. It’s a little girl.
“See, I told you your boyfriend would find us here,” Alastair stage-whispers in Dean’s ear. “Now I get to kill him while you watch.”
want to, but the voice sounds so desperate that Dean sighs and blinks and lets the world come into focus, and sitting next to the bed, looking terrified and upset is, of course, Castiel.
After this, it’s almost shocking how quickly they slip into an easy routine of research and hunting, driving and sleeping and eating. There’s a familiarity between them that Dean almost thought was lost, an ease of friendship that he remembers from so, so long ago.
Jude chuckles softly. “I knew you’d come,” he croaks.
“Anything,” Castiel says, and he means it.
Castiel’s eyes soften and he swallows. He has what looks like a full-scale argument with himself before he sighs and says, “Me.”
Sam and Dean finish their food in silence. Sam goes back to class. Dean goes back to the garage, just like any other day.
A moment later, the bell above the door jangles, and in stumbles a young man, covered head to toe in blood.
“Just finished the devil’s traps by the porch door,” John says. “That’s the last one. The only way they can come in is the front door. We’ll be right here waiting for them.”
“She told you her name?” Castiel asks, pulling out a pen to take notes.
“You two feel like a date night?” he asks casually. “Cas and I could watch the Bug for you.”
“Good boy, Jonah,” Castiel says approvingly, strolling up next to the dogpile and grinning down at Dean. “Esther, good girl.”
Dean is scrabbling at the blade in his chest but his hands feel too big, too heavy and slow.
“Nothing happened,” he says from behind clenched teeth.
Castiel nods in appreciation, and goes to the room Dean pointed out. The room is spacious, with a window that looks onto the lake. There’s a framed picture on the bedside table, of a beautiful blonde woman holding a baby. She looks blissfully, stupidly happy. Castiel runs a finger over her cheek. The glass is dusty.
“I want to hunt again.”
David lands in a chair at the kitchen table. Krissy and Josephine sit back in their seats and David notices with a smile that Krissy and Claire lace their fingers together.
Castiel raises his glass slightly and they both drink, silence settling heavily in the room.
“I know you’re a million years old,” she says. “But I have loved raising you.”
“Does Dean do this often?” he asks, and Sam doesn’t need clarification of what Castiel means by ‘this’.
anymore.”
“I thought so. I’ve, uh. I’ve seen you around. And... I’ve heard of you. Sort of. I’ve only been in Westborough for a few weeks, but I’ve heard you don’t talk.”
Dean’s head really hurts.
“Virginia,” she says shakily. “I thought you said he was just an ordinary boy--”
“We’re making it up as we go,” Castiel says, and Dean
much), but it appears Castiel does, so he’s not going to make the weird weirder by refusing. “Sure.”
“Hey, Dean!” he waves. Dean salutes him and goes to drop off his lunch in the fridge before snagging a cup of coffee.
It’s only then that Castiel straightens up, but just before he does, his hand darts out like he’s going to touch Dean’s cheek, but before Dean can react, Castiel is retreating to his side of the room, and Dean can’t be sure he didn’t imagine it.
“I can do whatever I want!” Dean yells back, knowing how childish he sounds. “I’ve been doing this for a lot longer than you have, Cas--”
One morning, Dean is sleepily drinking coffee in the kitchen when Castiel slams a very large book in front of him.
“I have a date tonight,” Sam says suddenly as they’re making lunch.
“It wasn’t Nick,” Dean said. “The thing that was inside him, it’s gone now. I promise.”
“Hunters,” one of the witches snarls. “The most repellent form of rodent, wouldn’t you say?”
The year passes quickly, full of weapons training and sparring. Garth may be old, but he’s scrappy and he knocks David to the ground more than once (more than ten times) the year between his fourteenth and fifteenth birthdays. He sees a lot more of Kevin, but very little of Krissy, Aiden, and Josephine, to his disappointment. Garth consoles him-- the bunker is close enough for visits, but his three childhood caretakers are most often on opposite ends of the country hunting. David sees a lot more of the other hunters who drop in on Garth to ask questions. A couple months before his birthday, Garth puts him in charge of answering the cell phones (not the F.B.I. one, he still sounds too young) but he loves the excitement of participating in the hunt by looking up antidotes to venom and spell-breakers and research on creatures. It is through many phone calls that David becomes close to Claire Novak, who starts popping in on her off days to have lunch with him and tease him about going through puberty.
Sam’s puppy-face takes on a decidedly bemused expression.
“Come on, Cas,” he says. “It’s been forever. Just... do this with me, okay?”
Castiel twines their fingers together and it’s like this that John finds them when he returns to the house several hours later. John Winchester sighs.
When he gets back to the front, Gina is gone and Paul is gazing at him mournfully.
“I’m not going to lie to you,” she says gently. “This will probably hurt. I’ve uncovered things from people’s heads before and it always hurts a little, but this is a big job. This angel stuff is probably buried pretty deep and it might take some time and serious work to get it out. Are you prepared for that?”
Still peering carefully around, Dean edges into the shed, checking all the corners and crannies to make sure Nick is lurking waiting to ambush him. The shed is empty save for Jude.
Immediately, David is engulfed with fierce pain. He tries to push it down, tries not to feel it, but Charlie murmurs, “don’t fight me, Cas,” and he relaxes, breathing into the pain and trying his best to let Charlie do her work.
“You wouldn’t tell me,” Paul says, sounding incredibly tired of this conversation. “The only time you said anything the entire way to the train station is when I asked you if you at least had a place to stay in South Dakota, and you said you had family there. But--” he hesitates.
Dean glares at him, but there’s no venom in it, only tired resignation. Castiel moves into his space tentatively, brings his hand up from Dean’s arm to his cheek.
You are the most frustrating, confusing, fallacious man I have ever encountered and it’s completely impossible to please you no matter what I do!”
Castiel looks up at him with eyes so sad Dean’s heart almost breaks. The sadness of two men, neither of whom have any idea who they are.
He swallows his tears, and does what he does best: he drives.
Castiel shakes his head, tries to move away, but Dean presses on.
“I’m not trying to be funny,” Garth says, in the most deathly serious tone David has ever heard him use. “I need you to understand this, David. It’s so important. It’s the most important thing I will ever tell you. The Dean and Sam that you just read about were real, and those things really happened to them.”
Blissfully, Castiel ignores the last thing he said, and keeps walking, but Dean stops.
“On Paul’s birthday, the night we met,” she says. “We were talking, and then you dragged Paul out the door and when he came back, he said he’d put you on a train to South Dakota. So that’s what I’ve always called it in my mind. The South Dakota Thing. The Thing that made you desperate enough to get on a train in the middle of the night to get to South Dakota.”
“Dean,” Castiel says. “Being human is exhausting. It’s dirty, and it hurts, and I’ve got scars now that I can never make smooth. I’m terrified every day that if I make one wrong move, I’ll wind up dead and none of it will have mattered anyway.”
Dean drives for about twenty hours before spending the night in Denver, and he’s in Lawrence by three the next day. He’s been emailing his new landlord for a couple weeks now, and the key to his place is in the mailbox just like they discussed. The apartment is microscopic: a bedroom that basically only has enough room for a bed, a barely-there bathroom, and kitchenette attached to the living room. He’s not too stressed about it, since hopefully he’ll be on the road most days, but it does feel nice to have some semblance of a home, a place to come back to when he’s really wrecked.
There must be some hint of accusation in his words, because Castiel responds very defensively.
Jude stirs, his eyes fluttering open.
Castiel turns to him.
Aaron seems to find this question hilarious, and he dissolves into laughter as Ben answers, “Demons attacked my family when I was fifteen. Been hunting ever since. Aaron, stop giggling, it’s so annoying.”
Castiel does not kiss with sugar and milk; he kisses bitter, mean, burning, livid. There’s blood on both their lips now, blood on their tongues, blood on Castiel’s hands that keep Dean pinned to the wall. But this is a war that Dean can win, so he attacks Castiel’s mouth with equal fury, pouring frustration into the kiss, reaching up to grab ahold of Castiel’s hair.
“Did... did you just tell me to shut up?” Dean asks incredulously.
“But what about...?” Dean gestures with his hand. Castiel’s been a living, breathing human for two years now, and he’d said he went to that bar a lot...
Castiel shrugs, setting down his full set of kings besides his already completed sets of ones, fours, sevens, and aces.
The bloodhound lunges for Dean again, panting happily, and the movement seems to shock Castiel into action. He shoves the dog into the house with a muttered, “Stay, Jonah,” and steps onto the porch, slamming the screen door behind him.
“Positive,” he says.
Dean plays keep-away with the phone for at least twenty minutes before Castiel pins him up against the wall and wrenches the phone from his grip.
“Hey!” Dean’s arm shoots out and catches Paul’s arm as he walks by. “Paul!”
“I didn’t exactly expect you,” he says.
Cas’s face is stricken and horrified. “Is that what you think?”
“You... you dreamt about me?”
” Sam’s voice screeches in his ears.
Dean hands are suddenly on his book, yanking it again. Castiel wants to scold him, say, “Look at the road, Dean” but he doesn’t. Dean examines the book before tossing it back to him.
, Cas.”
“So, you prefer gun headshots, right?” Cas tries to jump back into their conversation from earlier, but Dean is so over ghouls and so onto
Annabelle pulls Garth aside to whisper in his ear, but David hears her anyway.
“Yeah,” Dean is studying his steering wheel with a focus bordering on fixation. “See you around.”
“Before dawn,” Dean says, kissing his neck. “Go back to sleep.”
“... going to get himself killed, Sam. You have to come out here and get him.”
She sighs, frustrated, but then her tone eases. “It’s not your fault. We’re just not--”
“Let’s go home,” he says, guiding Dean to the Impala. “I’ll drive.”
“Okay,” Charlie says, massaging his temples slightly. “Are you ready?”
“Hey.” The grin slides off Dean’s face. “Dude, I didn’t know it mattered that much to you.”
“Seemed like more than a friend to me,
“No,” Dean says petulantly.
“Can you see me?” Castiel asks, his fingers still dancing across Dean’s forehead and the side of his face. “Does your head hurt? Are you dizzy at all?”
? Going
But--” David’s head is swimming. He has more questions than answers. “But Dean is in Hell!”
“It’s
The next day, he asks Garth about it (without the details, of course). “Why aren’t I... interested in anyone? I’m fifteen, I should be--” he makes a frustrated noise in his throat. “Is something wrong with me?”
He hears Dean sigh, but then the other boy seems to shrug it off, because he says in a bright voice, “You tired? I’m beat. Let’s get to bed.”
“Shut up.”
“I’m dying, Cas,” he tries to say.
Castiel shakes his head and tries to pull away, but Dean holds him fast and pulls him back in, holding him in place with one hand on his arm and the other on his hip.
The demon (Alastair or Azazel, Cas wonders) clicks his tongue.
Melissa is ecstatic about meeting Castiel, to the point where Sam has to draw her gently away because Castiel is starting to look alarmed. Dean resists the urge to remind his little brother how he stammered like a preteen with a crush the first time he shook Castiel’s hand.
On his fourteenth birthday, he says, “I want to go on a hunt.”
“You will
“All right then,” Garth says, reaching into his desk and unearthing a huge stack of papers as well as what Castiel immediately recognizes as John Winchester’s journal.
He gives the phone one long, last look, and then shoves it none-too-gently off the table. Leaving it there, he stalks up the stairs to his bedroom. If that’s how things are going to be, then fine. Dean is awesome at forgetting about one-night stands, and this is no exception.
Dean swallows, and then he says in a very small voice, “Stay, Cas? Stay with me?”
“Just a routine follow-up,” Dean says, tucking his badge back into his jacket. “Now tell me a little bit about Eloise.”
“Dean,” she says, sharp as knives. “This isn’t working.”
Castiel nods firmly, gripping the shotgun with two steady hands.
“What was that?” he asks.
Dean swallows and refuses to look at him. Castiel’s heart drops into his stomach and he feels like he’s going to throw up.
Dean takes off.
“Kings?” Dean sighs, and throws three cards at Castiel, who cackles. “Dude, how do you do that?”
“I’m giving you a compliment,” John grunts as Azazel struggles. “Take it.”
“No!” he shouts, ripping his hands away from Claire and Krissy. “No, get away from me, I have to... I have to--”
They chat some more, about their families, siblings, significant others. Paul is married to Sally, his high-school sweetheart, and Nick is just about to tell Dean about his love life when his face lights up and he waves at the door.
, Dean remembers with a surge of anger-- stupid vampires).
“Do you... drink wine?” he asks tentatively.
“Jessica,” Garth says carefully, “is Sam’s daughter.”
“She’s good,” Dean grunts, taking a sip of coffee. “You know Gina. Workaholic.”
But he doesn’t. He’s too sad, too desperate, too lost in the sunken recesses of Dean’s rose-rimmed eyes to say no.
Like Castiel. He’s human now, brokenly and bitterly human, so he gets a car and drives out to South Dakota. He doesn’t tell Dean that he’s rebuilding Bobby’s old house, but Dean knows.
Two weeks shy of his eighteenth birthday, David is captured, snatched right out from under Claire’s nose, by three witches. They lock him in their basement (chained, not rope-bound, so all his knot-slipping skills are useless) and he’s tied up at such a terrible angle he can’t reach the lock-pick in his shoe. He’s afraid to try and wiggle it free lest it fall on the floor and be discovered, so he spends the next several hours feeling disappointed and angry with himself, hoping that Claire finds the basement soon so she can save him and he can go home and sulk.
“Why are you calling me?”
He hits himself once, in the face, with his phone, before he calls Sam back. Sam is very quiet when Dean tells him where he’s going.
“We’re going to talk when you wake up,” the Sam-shape says.
Castiel’s body responds faster than his brain, leaping into action and fleeing like an escaped animal. His legs take him out of the cabin, down the gravel driveway, out into the forest. He darts through the trees, almost stumbles on a couple of loose roots, loses a shoe along the way, runs and runs and runs until his legs are burning and he knows he’s completely, hopelessly lost. It comforts him to know that he couldn’t find his way back even if he wanted to. He won’t be the week, impotent civilian who wanders back to John Winchester for help.
“What’s wrong?” he asks, clearly confused.
David feels like he’s going to throw up. He’s killed things before, but it’s been his hand, his knife, his finger squeezing the trigger. He’s never committed murder before with this strange, involuntary power, and even though he’s glad it saved Claire’s life, he wants to reach inside himself and cut whatever it is out.
That gets Dean’s attention. There hasn’t been an angel sighting since before he retired. Since whatever happened with Castiel that left him graceless and human.
“It’s great to meet you,” Dean says, and he means it.
Dean is on him in a second, wrapping a big woolen blanket around his shoulders and touching him everywhere, as if feeling for wounds or some sign of sickness.
“That was great,” the woman (Jenny?) purrs. She has blonde hair. He met her at the garage. She’d asked him out while he fixed her Prius.
“So...?” Dean repeats, feeling idiotic.
Considering that the entire reason Castiel is hiding away in this house in the mountains is that he’s probably wanted for the grisly murder of what looked like a little girl, the next few days are oddly idyllic.
“I’ve missed her,” Sam says, reaching out with one hand to rest a few fingers gently on her hood. “I’ve kind of been telling myself that taking the BART and walking is easier, but...”
!” he fires back, but when he plants his feet on the floor and stands, his entire world tilts and his vision goes fuzzy at the edges.
“Dean,” he says. “Don’t get so worked up. Let’s just talk this out... like friends.”
“You touched him,” Dean mutters. “I don’t want—”
Castiel turns around to see Dean standing beside his car, looking lost.
Dean scrubs a hand over his face. “All right, thanks, Paul,” he says.
He tears out of the house, Krissy shouting after him, Kevin saying, “Let him go. He needs some time.”
his soul, more intimately than anyone, he held it in his hands and breathed life back into it. And now it feels like Castiel’s eyes are looking right into him, into the core of his body and breath and blood and life and Dean wonders how it could be possible for someone to look at him that deeply, see all the mud and mistakes, and still look at him like he’s the most precious and important thing in the world.
They were sat in a booth and given menus. Cas decided on a simple bacon cheeseburger and set his menu down, waiting for Dean to decide on his meal.
"Please, can I?" Dean sobbed with another slam to his prostate, thighs tightening and back arching up, fighting it as hard as he could.
of those were proved wrong tonight. You have a chance now Dean. We could come back here a few times and maybe you’ll run into him again.” She offered, and Dean felt a tendril of hope inside at the thought that maybe that could happen. He told himself he was being foolish though.
“Um… o-kay… okay yeah. We can um… we can try it.” He stammered. It was rather adorable to see his normally full of bravado boyfriend so shy.
“Fu--------uck!” Cas screamed as he came inside Dean who followed him shortly after.
They ended up ordering Chinese food and watching a movie while they ate. By the time bedtime rolled around, they were both tired and there had been no signs of anything remotely paranormal. Cas had gone to bed frustrated that Gabe still thought he was lying.
“So…. what do ya think?” Dean asked with a smirk once he was in front of Cas, though years of being his friend meant Cas could hear the uncertainty in his question.
“Heya Cassie, how’s it hanging?” His brother asked, same as always.
“Um…” He muttered dumbly making the other man chuckle.
“Oh, okay that makes sense.” She nodded before continuing to jump around to the music. Cas turned back to Dean who was wiping tears from his eyes still.
“Nice try Cassie!” Gabe yelled and Cas went to see what his brother was babbling about now. The bathroom door was open so he walked in and Gabe was standing there, hands on his towel wrapped hips. He had one eyebrow quirked. “Thought you’d try again huh?”
“Welcome children! Please find the desk with your name on it and put away your supplies in your desk. Once you do that, hang your backpacks on the hooks on the left wall and place any lunch bags on the table underneath them. Then please come back to your seats and we will all introduce ourselves.” Missouri stated and then there was a quick flurry of activity as the children followed her directions.
“Heya Cas.” The other man greeted, hand behind his back as he kicked a loose thread on his carpet. He looked contrite and Cas wasn’t sure why. Dean didn’t do anything wrong.
Dean clambered to the middle of the bed, wiggling impatiently, his ass a bright cherry red from the spankings, breathing harshly whenever fabric touched them
Dean propped himself up on his elbows. "Okay, ask away.”
"I don't really know. I’m new to the dating game. And I could tell you liked men a little older because you like submitting. And I'm much older. So, I guess a part of me assumed I'm the oldest you have been with since I’m much older. And since I’m not, apparently that makes me jealous even though I'm
On the fourth and fifth hit, the tears Cas loved so much began trickling from Dean's eyes, his cock rock hard and swinging with the hits. Cas continued hitting Dean's hole with his crop till he got to 10. He loved watching Dean cry. He set the crop aside and rubbed Dean's cheeks. "Such a good boy love. Do you still want me to fist you? I'd understand if you are hurting too bad and we can just cuddle right now. It's up to you love."
“Well, he uh, we actually met last summer at the college fair. “He hoped giving her as little information as possible would be good before he could slowly work his way up to giving her more. Of course, she wouldn’t be thwarted in her quest for all of the details though.
“You gonna make love to me now Cas?” He shakily joked, trying to lighten the mood after their confession of love. Cas reached out a finger to catch the tear.
"It's a little past 7am" Cas replied as he kissed the top of Dean's head. " I need to be at work by 8:30 so I have to start getting ready. Can I pick you up at 7 tonight for our date?" He asked.
“What questions do you have? I’ll try to answer anything you want to ask.” Cas said kindly, smiling as he held Deans hand.
"What? Why?" Dean smiled up at him, eyes curious
Cas squeezed into the booth next to Dean. He really hoped they would like him. He was so out of his element meeting the family of someone he was dating. This was a first for him. And he still worried that Dean’s family wouldn’t be ok with the age difference.
, he was in a pair of cut-off daisy dukes, as he bent over the hood to wash the car windows. He had backed away slowly, so as not to draw attention to himself, and made his was back to his bedroom to take care of the little
“Well, my virgin ass is your present. I figured I’d wrap it for you” He joked.
“Yeah, ‘course we are Cas.” Dean affirmed with more confidence than he actually felt. He patted his friend’s shoulder and continued down the hall to his room, shutting the door behind him and placing his mug on his nightstand before he collapsed on the bed. He hadn’t been lying to Cas, last night had been fun. At least the parts he remembered clearly. He still couldn’t believe he actually admitted that he had watched a gay porn and liked it. He had planned on taking that secret to the grave, but apparently mixing alcohol and childish games had fucked that up. At least it was just Cas who knew. He knew he wouldn’t judge him, especially since he was gay and watched that type of porn.
"It'll just mix perfectly with the tears you will cry as you are choking on my big cock." He purred as he ran his thumb over Dean's perfect lips.
“Whaddya mean?”
“I guess so.”
“Sure, yeah. That’s fine Cas.” They both took seats on opposite ends of the couch and turned to face one another, just as Cas heard loud stomping down the stairs.
Dean swallowed hard and flushed. "I'd love to try it. Practice makes perfect you know." He bent to kiss Cas again, adding tongue.
Cas met Bobby’s eyes as he replied “My intentions are to love him like he deserves sir.”
“Yes, I did. You have nowhere to go. I suggest you comply with my orders and let me read you your rights.” Officer Novak stated stoically. Stern face a mask, not showing how frustrated he was with this criminal.
"Yeah. You're still lucky I didn't punish you for that you little shit." Cas laughed as he pulled out of his driveway and headed towards the Diner.
"Well I do have one question to ask you if that's ok?" Cas shyly said.
He spent the rest of the night googling online sex shops and browsing through the plethora of different vibrators, before finally selecting three that had the best reviews. He paid for the items, making sure to have them sent to Dean’s address with a note letting him know they were from Castiel. He even paid for expedited shipping so that Dean would receive them tomorrow, this way he could relax about the auction as Gabe suggested. He went to sleep that night hoping Dean would be pleased at the Good Vibes he sent him.
“Yeah man, its my last day. I was only student teaching for the semester. Now that its over, I don’t need to anymore. I’ll be able to get my teaching certificate soon and have to start applying around. It’s possible ya know, I could end up back here, but… no guarantees.” He shrugged sadly, knowing this was the last conversation he’d have with the older man.
"Fuck yes love. Your fingers feel so good in my ass." Cas moaned.
“Yeah, yeah I’m gonna try.” He rubbed the back of his neck nervously.
"You look so good stretched around my cock love." Cas grunted as he fucked his cock in Dean's ass hard. He laid his body completely over Dean's as he grabbed his wrists and held them together above his head on the pillow. He was fucking Dean harder and harder. His ass felt so good on Cas' cock.
Cas climbed up next to Dean on the hood, looking up at the sky too. He had to admit, it was a pretty good view.
“No problem Cas. Glad I could help.” Sam was biting the inside of his cheek, attempting to keep a straight face, but Cas could easily read the younger man and could tell he thought he had Cas fooled. He’d have to find a way to get him back for assuming Cas was stupid.
“Happy Anniversary.” He smirked to cover his nerves.
“How do you feel sweetheart?” Cas asked concerned. Dean shifted a bit and could feel the twinge in his ass; a reminder of what they just did.
“Vibrators? Do you mean those fake phallus shaped objects that are battery operated?” He blushed just thinking about it.
“Depends. You mad at me for lying?” Dean asked hesitantly, and Cas just rolled his eyes.
"What time do you work?" Dean asked curiously.
"How are you weird as hell?" Dean asked, genuinely confused.
With trembling lips Cas breathed out a quiet “Yes.”
“Hmm, I have an idea.” Cas offered before pulling Dean on top of him, making the younger man straddle his lap. Dean squeaked in surprise and Cas chuckled. “You can set the pace this way.” He offered in explanation before pulling Dean’s mouth down to his own.
“If you need any help with your purchases, feel free to give me a call: 631-649-2111”
“Here is the shelf and you are welcome to pick any item on any of the shelves. Ill clean the rest off before you take it of course.” The man-Cas waved dismissively at the shelf in question.
“Then why have you been playing this game? Why have you been continuing to try to break the law? Why didn’t you just come and tell me this?” Castiel was still not sure what to make of this. Did Dean want him? Like, truly want him? Or was he just trying to mess with him? Castiel didn’t do one-night stands. He couldn’t. It was too hard considering how controlling he was in bed. One-night stands wouldn’t be able to handle that he was a Dom by nature.
"I don’t know. I really enjoy being submissive, but if you wanted to try..." Dean shrugged.
“True. So, anyway…” He relayed everything that had happened between him and Cas since that first drunken night, up until now, including the part where he was hopelessly in love with Cas. Sam was quiet as he let him talk before, he finally responded.
, dude. We can't leave the house under quarantine, and we watched everything good on Netflix already. I need to do something exciting before I go insane!” He whined pathetically.
"Minimal. Enough it goes smoothly but I want it to hurt." Dean whispered, wiggling again, "Hurry, I need you inside me." He appreciated, though, Castiel’s thoughtfulness. Despite his youth, he had both paid customers and one relationship with a Dom and they simply abused him.
He and Dean had decided on tonight for the other man to come over for dinner, and Cas was a nervous wreck all day. He wanted-
“We’re going up to the Catskills,” he says, seemingly reading Castiel’s mind and answering his unspoken question. “My dad’s up there, in a cabin. We can hide out for a while.”
Castiel yawns and mutters, “Do you have to start getting ready to leave?”
There’s a pause, then an incredulous, “Dean?”
It’s starting to get dark when he comes around the bend and sees Bobby’s old house silhouetted against the sky. A lump appears in his throat... it’s been awhile. Dean’s heart starts beating fast when he realizes that he was right; the windows look new and it’s clear that parts of the house have been rebuilt.
“Are you okay? Are you hungry? I brought food. I’m so sorry I didn’t get here sooner, but my dad was-- well, you saw him, and then I was stuck with shotgun shell duty and then Sam and I had to talk and it was all so stupid--”
“She’s a baby,” Dean mutters, leaving the room and pulling the door closed gently behind him. “What am I gonna do, throw her into her bed and slam the door?”
Dean screws his eyes shut, preparing for fingers on his forehead and the horrible squeezing feeling he gets in his gut from being angel-zapped, but it doesn’t come. Instead, there is a hand on his cheek, a rough palm, and then lips on his, quick and hard and sorry. An apology.
This is what Castiel wishes he could say. Instead, he keeps silent. He thinks about his mother, staring at the clock. He wonders if she regrets never buying him a cell phone.
“You’re just as charming as ever,” Castiel says, nonchalant, but there’s a bite to his words that makes Dean burn with embarrassment.
Claire gives a short laugh. “Nothing,” she says, but when David glares at her, she says, “It’s nothing, really, David. You just... you’re starting to remind me a lot of my dad. I’ve seen pictures of him when he was a kid, and you look just like him.”
. But I didn’t care. I should’ve. I’m sorry, too.”
“Well, now you’re just sweet-talking me,” Alastair grins. “Come on, Dean, let’s see what we can do with little Castiel here...”
“Okay, okay!” Dean breaks into laughter again. “So, more like... never had the chance?”
“It’s okay,” she says. “I could tell when I first met you that you weren’t-- well, you weren’t
He shoves Meg away with all of his might and fires the shotgun directly at her chest. Meg screams, her arms flying up to clutch at her chest and stomach, and the time it takes for her to recover is enough for him to splash her with holy water and kick her into the devil’s trap in the family room. She gives him a look that makes the hair on his arms stand up, but she can’t hurt him, so he looks around the room to see if anyone else needs help.
“They were found in the same room as you,” Garth answers. “Their... their eyes were burned out.”
He texts Gina to tell her he’s not coming and her response text is short and snippy, but he can’t bring himself to care. Sam and Melissa receive him with open arms and tuck him into bed (in the room that is still his room, even though he usually stays at Gina’s) and he sleeps better than he has in weeks.
When he enters the kitchen, Krissy and Josephine leap to their feet, spouting variations of “you should be in bed, you should be resting, let me help you to the couch, let me get you some food.” He bats them away.
“I will do this because
“Hey,” he says softly. “I’m gonna have your back the whole time. You and I already make a great team, right? We took out Lilith in less than five minutes.”
“Will do,” Dean says, and hangs up.
“Where’s Dean?” he asks, panic creeping into his voice.
That night, when Garth comes in to turn off his light and take his reading flashlight away,  David asks, “Who’s Dean?”
“What’ve you got?” Dean asks cheekily, trying to lighten the situation.
“I can tie you up and put you in the panic room,” Castiel says.
“So, it’s over? ” Dean asks, sounding almost scared.
They don’t say a word to each other as Dean pulls out and Castiel uses a towel sitting on a chair beside the bed to wipe the come off them both, but when Castiel turns off the light and lies down, he slots himself right up next to Dean, a hand braced possessively on his chest, and Dean knows that they’re okay, that this is still something huge and bright and beautiful, something worth traveling thirty-six hours for, something worth staying for. He nestles into Castiel, his fingers twisting gently in his hair, and he falls asleep.
“This is Robbie and this is Erin,” Garth says. “They’re my step-kids.”
Castiel hesitates, and then he says, “Four.”
“I don’t think I ever planned living this long,” Dean says, and he reaches for Castiel’s hand.
“Oh, does he belong to you, Dean?” she asks sweetly. “Come on, we can share.”
“Never mind. Come on, eat something.”
“I wasn’t sure what you like, so I got you a chicken caesar wrap,” she says, handing over the bag. “Everyone likes those, right?”
“Shit, shit, shit,” Dean mutters, then he looks at Castiel. “Well? Are you coming or are you coming?”
“Uh, Nick? You there? Did you butt-dial me, you asshole?”
Dean isn’t ready, doesn’t know if he’ll ever be ready, to have this conversation, so all he says is, “I saw some friends of mine... together. And it made me want it for myself.”
“Nice work,” he says. “Load up the guns. Sam, show him.”
“A friend, Dean.”
“Sing the sad-song-make-it-better song, Dean,” she orders sleepily, and there’s a lump in Dean’s throat as he croons a very off-key “
“Oh, come on,” she says sweetly. “Okay, we won’t play that game anymore. Come on, stay here with me.”
“Get down!” he shouts, and when he does, Castiel recognizes him.
Paul gives Dean a very nervous look, but he relaxes when Dean shakes Jude’s hand and politely introduces himself. Jude has big blue eyes and dark hair, and Dean finds himself blatantly staring at him until he notices Nick is glaring.
“Well,” he says. “Thanks. Bye, Dean.”
Melissa isn’t like the girls Dean usually sees Sam with. She’s tall, almost as tall as him, and she has long, blonde hair and a wide, brilliant smile. Dean is struck by the intense feeling of deja vu when he sees Sam look at her-- he remembers a night so many years ago, when he was twenty-six and scared, being introduced to a girl Sam had truly loved, seeing that same expression on his little brother’s face.
“There he is now!” His grin is blinding. “Jude! Over here!”
“Good job,” Dean pants. “Let’s go get the salt from my car.”
The cashier chooses this moment to clamber out from behind the counter, and his eyes almost loosen themselves from his face when he takes in the body of the child on the ground and the bloodstained knife clutched in Dean’s fist.
It’s terrifying, not being able to read Dean.
“Can I tell you the reason I came here?” Dean asks. “I have these friends, Nick and Jude. And they’re together. And...” he takes a deep breath, “they’ve made me realize certain feelings that I have. For... for you.”
Dean holds up his hands in defense. “No, man. I’m just saying. She was awfully agreeable.”
“You don’t have to,” Paul assures Dean.
The words hit Castiel like a smack in the face. He lets go of Dean’s sleeve.
Aaron stops snorting enough to whack Ben on the shoulder, but he answers David with a straight face. “I sold my soul to an angel,” he says. “Bad move on my part, but I’m here, I guess.”
Castiel throws him onto the ground and wipes his mouth with the back of his hand, smearing blood across his face.
No, Dean does
“I know what Cas was
“Dean,” June whines, holding out her arms for him.
When Castiel gives him a skeptical look, he just rolls his eyes.
“They want you executed?” Dean asks finally. “Cas… why—why didn’t you tell me?”
Before he can hand the novel to the pimply boy working the register, something large and dark hits the window of the store at an alarming speed, cracking the glass and making the teenage cashier screech.
David isn’t sure what just happened, whether Aaron revealed too much or why Ben stopped him, but his curiosity is piqued, and his desire to learn all the secrets of hunting only grows so he can begin as soon as possible.
Castiel sighs again, but louder this time.
It’s not nearly enough meat to satisfy him, but it calms the pangs of his stomach for the time being, and he stretches out, pleased with himself. The satisfaction fades quickly, however. It was all easy today, but what happens when it gets cold? When there are no fish? And what if there are other predators in these woods?
Sam and Dean fall onto the dirt floor of the shed. The angels are gone.
“Yeah,” Paul agrees. “Just like you. Good match.”
“It’s a trick,” she says, although her voice sounds less sure. “The boy is playing a trick, and you’re
“Well,” Aaron begins.
Castiel lights a match and tosses it into the bowl. The ingredients catch fire, emitting a sickly sweet smoke that curls into the air. There’s a whisper of wings on the air, and then Ingrid is standing before them, looking less surprised than Dean would expect.
“M’friend Gina’s house,” Paul says directly into his ear. “We have t’get some booze first, though...”
Spurred by new information, David dives into training with miles more fervor than before. He reads all the books on lore, he learns how to trap and kill every creature and monster Garth knows about, and he becomes extremely familiar with every weapon in Garth’s arsenal. His last weapons lesson, he fingers two separate blades in Garth’s place of honor.
John grins, and it’s the first time Castiel has seen him smile. He thinks faintly that he might enjoy the scowling more.
When Dean wakes, it’s still dark, and his face is pressed into the back of Castiel’s neck. Their legs are tangled and Dean’s arm is wound possessively around Castiel’s waist. It makes Dean a bit giddy to think about how
“It’s the archangel!” Dean can barely hear Castiel over the screaming whine of his righteous brothers.
He’s prepared for Dean to say, “Why?” He’s prepared for Dean to say, “That’s stupid.” He’s prepared for Dean to say, “We’re basically partners in crime here, buddy, if I go down, you’re going down with me, now is hardly the time to cling to some stupid habit you clearly only use to get attention, so man up and let’s talk about where we’re even going right now.”
“All right, man. Take care of yourself.”
Melissa’s mouth twitches. “I don’t know. I mean, it’s great, right? She loves him and he loves her and I should be happy that everything clicks, but I can’t help feeling, like... is it too fast?”
“You don’t know that,” he says, frustrated tears gathering at the corners of his eyes. “One of those demons killed my mom. They’ve killed my dad’s friends, and my friends, anyone who was close to us. They could kill you, too. It’s not safe to be important to me.”
“Back in Palo Alto,” Dean admits sheepishly. “Like I said... extremely drunk. I kind of made getting here a top priority.”
“I know you don’t believe in yourself right now,” he says. “But I believe in you. I carried this coat with me for six months. Because part of me always believed that you’d come back. And I knew that when you did, you’d need this coat.”
There are footsteps, growing louder as they get close to him. His potential rescuer rounds the corner.
. “I’ve just waited so long for him to be dead, and then I just couldn’t stop, I--”
“Those things?” David repeats softly, his voice shaking. “You mean the monsters? The vampires, the ghosts, the demons, it’s all... it’s all
David gapes at her. “You’re
Dean feels inexpert, fumbling, but Castiel treats him like he’s precious. He pulls Dean onto the bed once they’re undressed, and then it’s just the sweet slide of their cocks together, hot and sticky and fucking maddeningly slow. Dean’s hands travel down Castiel’s body to his ass and he squeezes, reveling in the breathy whines that he pulls from Castiel’s mouth, moaning himself when he feels Castiel’s teeth on his lower lip.
Dean nods. He has no idea what Jude is telling the police, but they look very sympathetic so Dean imagines it must be good.
?” he asks, knowing his voice sounds awestruck, but he’s never met someone related to Sam or Dean before.
always wanted to have your powers. Can you look me in the eye and tell me, honestly, that you’re completely happy being human?”
“No, Dean,” he says, stroking the other boy’s hair. “You have a wonderful father who wants the best for you. Your brother adores you and worships the ground you walk on. And,” he pauses, not wanting to overstep with his boundaries, but then he throws his caution to the surrounding trees, “and you’ve got me. Always,” he adds. “You’ve got the three of us, forever.”
“We were,” Cas answers, his tone as flat as ever. “And we were a good team, Dean. But now you’re retired, and I have a life here, in Sioux Falls, and when you call, I just get confused, so please, just... don’t.”
“I just,” he begins.
“Back off,” Dean growls.
“There’s one more thing you can do for me,” Dean says, and Castiel hears
“Sam’s good,” he answers. “He’s at Stanford again, finally finishing his degree...”
They stay frozen like that for a moment until Dean sighs and backs off.
They toe off their shoes and Dean gets to work on Castiel’s belt while Castiel sucks marks into Dean’s shoulders. Castiel’s skin is so warm, and when Dean peels off his shirt he has to press a hand to Castiel’s shoulder blades to feel the muscles move underneath his hand, to feel Castiel’s heart flutter and know that this is affecting him the same way it’s affecting Dean.
He pushes himself off the ground, his legs shaking slightly. Dean is still splayed out on his back, his eyes frozen in perpetual surprise. Castiel places a leg on either side of Dean’s torso and lowers himself gently onto the other boy’s hips. Dean stares up at him like he can’t decide whether to be confused or ecstatic.
“Thank you,” Castiel says. “Thank you for taking care of me.” He looks around at all of them. “To all of you. Thank you for... for everything.”
Kevin’s eyes almost bug out of his head.
“Just not,” he agrees, and he’s almost disappointed in himself for how relieved he feels.
“I was kidding about us having sex,” Dean says.
“It’s not
Shocking himself and the animals around him, he manages to catch a tiny fish (he imagines that the birds and squirrels are all watching him, anticipating his inevitable failure to report back to John Winchester just how inept the civ really is) and he patiently waits for it to flap itself into suffocation before he takes it back to his cave.
“I know,” Garth says.
Fuck this. Fuck everything he’d felt last night, about being fucking
“Because I don’t want to!” Dean resists the urge to scream in Castiel’s face. “Cas, you and I were family once, you were my best friend. Why is it so bad that I want to keep you in my life?”
Even worse, he realizes miserably, he misses talking. He didn’t speak for four years, and now he has to resist opening his mouth and babbling to the trees. Dean made him want to speak. Dean made him want to be heard.
Castiel looks thoughtful for a second.
“Nick,” Jude scolds. “What are we, in college? Aren’t we a little above peer pressure?”
Dean falls silent as the waitress returns with his whiskey, but he continues to glare at Castiel.
“Cas?”
When he wakes again, it must be past noon, because the sun is high in the sky. Castiel’s stomach feels like it’s eating itself, so he sets out in search of food. He doesn’t trust his instincts on any of the berries or nuts he comes across (he was never a Boy Scout or anything like that) but he learned enough about fishing from Dean in the past five days to head down to the lake, dig a worm out of the dirt, and set up a crude fishing pole.
Castiel looks at Dean for a moment, then pulls him close so that Dean’s head is resting in his lap.
” Castiel repeats, and Dean nods because it’s true.
Castiel cuts him off with another kiss.
you...
“I’ll call you when I get there,” he says again.
Castiel can’t stop his feet from moving until he is directly in front of Dean.
“No!” Castiel says. “I’m not just going to ‘
“Yeah, obviously,” Sam says. “But what’s so freaking drastic that you had to spend two hundred dollars on a train to Idaho at two in the morning?”
He hangs back at first, watching the figure closely (it’s a man, or a very tall boy), but then the man raises up his arm and waves enthusiastically, a wide grin on his face, so Castiel decides to give him the benefit of the doubt.
anymore! Because I am gone!”
Dean’s mouth snaps shut in surprise, because this is one of the very few times in his life that he’s wanted to talk about something and been shut down, but if Castiel doesn’t want to talk about it,
like her. A lot. And she’s going to come over tonight to pick me up, and I’d like you to meet her.”
“Sam and I discussed it,” he says, “and you’re not hunting.”
“Can I... get you something to drink?” Castiel asks unsurely, as if he’s read somewhere that one must ask these questions when one has a guest, but feels like it’s not exactly right for this particular situation.
Sam’s eyes get dark and serious.
Kevin points at David. “He doesn’t know about
David feels like he’s eating, breathing, and sleeping hunting. He’s starting to have dreams about it, although he can’t tell the difference between The Dreams and just dreams, because Dean is in both of them, and they’re hunting together, with Sam, taking down demons and ghosts and other weird anomalies.
Dean feels about a hundred times better the second time he wakes up. His eyelids don’t feel like they’re permanently glued to his face and the swelling on the back of his head must have gone down because he can no longer feel it.
“Yep,” Gina giggles. “So which was it?”
“Like feds investigate those kinds of murders,” Castiel says scornfully.
“Don’t burst into tears just yet, Dean-o. When you knew him, he was all Nicky. But I’ve been riding around him for a few months now while you’ve been off finding yourself or whatever. And speaking of riding…”
“Who was that?”
“Wait a second,” Dean says, and he scrambles to get off the floor. Sam helps him, keeping a firm hand under Dean’s elbow. “Stop. You can’t take him.”
And then they’re kissing, and Castiel is suddenly bursting with thousands of unspoken words about every little sensation: the fumbling of inexpert mouths to find a way to move together, tongues that push past lips, licking into warmth and wetness and wow, it’s a good thing his mouth is occupied, because Castiel wants to let every word he’s kept inside for the past three years babble out of him like a river, so he just presses harder into Dean, giving him everything, everything he has.
Castiel winces, and says carefully, “Since I became human.”
Castiel’s mother would be absolutely horrified if she could see him now. He imagines her sitting at home, staring at the clock, which now reads 9:17pm. She is torn between happy hopefulness and dread: Maybe Castiel has found some friends and will be home late. Maybe Castiel is dead and she should call the police. Such is a mother’s lot.
“I’ve been thinking about getting a home base,” Dean says. “Just a little apartment. In... in Lawrence. We haven’t been back in a while, you know... and I just-- well, it seemed like I was running from it for a while. I don’t want to run anymore.”
Castiel’s spine stiffens and he says, “I haven’t seen her since I became human.”
“You are not my friend,” Dean growls. “Fortunately for you, I don’t want to kill you. I promised Sammy that he could have that particular pleasure. I want your brother. Where’s Alastair?”
They brush their teeth and change into their pajamas, and as Castiel slides between the cool sheets, the lake making soothing noises, he thinks about Dean underneath him, and he hates himself, just a little bit.
“I just don’t want you to get hurt,” she says.
The hot water feels absolutely incredible on his skin and helps relax all the muscles that had tightened uncomfortably from sleeping on the train. He collapses into his bed, sleep already edging into his brain, when he sees a large Sam-shape in the doorway.
“Cas?” he says hoarsely, and Castiel is beside him in a moment, a gentle hand on his arm.
“Don’t,” Cas says tiredly, climbing onto his bed. “I know what you’re going to say, and don’t.”
The demon kneels down next to him and traces Dean’s cheekbone with the blade.
“I want to leave California,” he says bluntly.
“That couch is bad for your back,” he says tiredly, and folds himself into the bed, leaving an entire side open for Dean.
“Get out,” he says.
“Says the guy who just blew, like, two hundred bucks at a Star Trek Convention.”
He smashes the vial on the ground. For a long moment, blue energy surrounds Castiel, and before it’s even finished coursing back into him, he’s laid his hands upon Dean’s wounds.
“What are you talking about?” Dean says. “Of course it’s me! I’m the cool one who picks up the girls and you’re the nerd with the laptop.”
“H’lo,” he mumbles.
Garth sits him down on the couch in the living room and puts an arm around his shoulders.
“What, I’m just supposed to ignore what she just said?” Dean gapes. “She said your grace is
“I’m not a representative of Heaven, if that’s what you’re asking,” Ingrid smiles gently. “But It’s been chaos there for years, and it’s actually quite relaxing being here among humans. I’m finally seeing things from your perspective, Castiel.”
All he knows is he’s ready to enjoy life as a human, knowing he’s got the best of prizes waiting for him when he’s finished, that someday he will fade away in his sleep, and wake to green eyes, to a “Hey, Cas” and a kiss, and an eternity spent being no one but himself.
“Ow!” Dean gives him a faux-glare. “Violence, Novak. I bring you on a romantic lake getaway and you won’t even put out. Mark my words: I will get you to talk, and the first words out of your mouth will be, ‘thank you, Dean Winchester, for that fine orgasm’.”
“Every time I think we’re okay,” Castiel says, his voice low. “Every time... you say something like that and I just think--” He looks directly into Dean’s eyes and Dean hates  himself so wholly in this moment, knowing he put that look on Castiel’s face. “Are we ever going to be okay?”
“When angels want to fall,” Kevin says very slowly. “They rip out their grace, and it falls to Earth like a falling star. And the angel is reborn as a baby.”
The boy holds out a big hand, grin still huge on his lips.
Castiel turns to look at Dean, who is studiously avoiding his gaze.
Castiel throws himself into Dean’s arms and presses their lips together. Dean responds so enthusiastically that he lifts Castiel off the ground.
“He helped me kill Lilith, Dad!” Dean defends weakly. “I couldn’t just leave him! He helped me and I needed backup until you and Sam got here!”
“You’re the
But Castiel has already murmured, “Goodbye, Dean,” and hung up.
“Please,” Dean says, and Castiel shakes his head.
“You took the train here?” Castiel asks, bewildered. “Where’s your car?”
?” David demands. “Was I born this way? What am I? Am I human?” When no one answers him, he asks, “What happened to the witches?”
Castiel props himself up on his elbow and watches Dean for a second, his brow furrowed.
“Ow,” Dean mutters. “Stop screaming.”
Dean wakes with the sun, but Castiel has seemingly been up for hours, assembling ingredients for a summoning.
Dean gulps but sheds his jeans and his boots and crawls in after him. He’s careful to make sure their bodies don’t touch, but he can feel the warmth of Castiel seeping across the small divide, and it takes him hours to fall asleep.
Garth looks up from his cereal and nods.
“I spilled my guts all night, Cas, you gotta give me something!” Dean whines. “And just so you know: offer from before still stands. If you’re interested.”
Wordlessly, Castiel opens the door and leads him inside. Jonah the bloodhound, followed by a yappy little Jack Russell and a big, lumbering Labrador, immediately try to ambush Dean, but Castiel shoos them into the hallway and slides the door shut.
Castiel offers him a hand and Dean accepts it, rubbing dog drool off his face.
Dean rolls over onto his back and looks at her. She’s gorgeous, exactly his type when it comes to women: coffee colored hair, big brown eyes, skin that’s dark and warm, body small and lithe and athletic. But when he looks at her, he doesn’t see that. He sees “too soft”, “too small”. He sees eyes that aren’t blue, and wishes that they were.
“I’m sorry,” he says to Dean’s retreating back. “I’ve always wondered what that would be like.”
“FBI?” the sheriff squints at his badge. “They sent another one? I talked to an agent just yesterday.”
, and she’s still here, making Dean eggs and kissing Sam over coffee. Dean absolutely adores her.
Castiel doesn’t know whether to kiss Dean or punch him very hard in the shoulder. He settles for the latter.
Castiel shakes his head, then mimes a crown and a stern face.
Kevin nods. “We think so. From Sam’s journals, we can tell that they met one other fallen angel named Anna, back around the time they met you. Apparently they just thought she was a prophet until a psychic went digging around in her brain and unearthed the angel part of her.”
She turns over and leaves Dean to his thoughts. Part of him is cursing himself, because she’s a beautiful woman who wanted him, and this is what he’s supposed to want, this is what he gave up his old life for. But he shoves that part down, because he knows that they don’t just understand each other. She doesn’t get him. She doesn’t get that as much as he likes sex, he doesn’t want to do it before breakfast. She doesn’t get that he’d rather go hungry than eat leaves slathered in dressing. She doesn’t get that he
“Hey, you finish that witch thing?” comes Garth’s cheery voice over the line.
The next time Castiel breaks away, there is a fierce determination in his eyes, and when he takes Dean’s hand to lead him up the stairs, his heart swells with happiness and triumph, knowing that this big thing that’s been there since Castiel first walked into that barn so many years ago... it’s all about to change. For good.
“Exactly,” Castiel scowls. “I’m an angel and I should be able to-- you
?” Dean practically yells.
After a few hours, Dean pulls over directly in front of the “Welcome to Westborough” sign. They sit for a few moments; Castiel has no idea how to say goodbye.
“From... Hell, I guess. They’re real. They have black eyes and they possess people and they’re nasty sons of bitches, and it’s my job to kill them. Me and my dad’s.”
Sam carries the large woolen blanket while Castiel shoulders the backpack Dean left behind, and they set off towards the cabin together.
Dean’s mouth snaps shut. Castiel is trying to glare at him, but he just looks tired.
“Can I come in?” he says instead. “It’s been a long trip.”
“Dumb to keep,” he says, “I know. I
“Cas, I thought we were friends,” Dean says, anger rising in his voice.
Castiel breaks away after a moment, and Dean chases his mouth, but Cas stops him with a hand on his chest.
Another thing Castiel notices about this paradise is that he can feel Dean’s eyes on him wherever he goes. At first, he thought it was protective, Dean taking over his father’s role to watch out for the civilian. But then their hips bump as they cook together, and Dean smiles at him, or he feels Dean’s breath on his ear when he reads over Castiel’s shoulder, or he’ll just stare, and Castiel feels in these moments like a person. A real person.
“It’s more complicated than that,” he tries to laugh, but it comes out strained and anxious.
“Why?” he asks simply.
“I don’t remember,” David says miserably. “I want to. I think I remember little things, like my name and his eyes and... and maybe a little bit from before, but I don’t remember the big things. I don’t remember Sam or Dean, or being friends with them, or loving them. And I don’t remember why I chose this, this forgetting.” David bites his arm to keep from crying. “I hate it.”
He knows he has absolutely no right to feel upset. He and Cas didn’t work out, for hundreds of thousands of reasons, and he wants Cas to be happy, so why shouldn’t he date? Why shouldn’t he go on nice dates with guys with big smiles who care about him, who ask him questions about himself, who want to get to know him? Why does the idea of that make Dean want to curl up right here on the sidewalk and die?
When he first opens his eyes, he thinks (hopes, prays) that he’s dreaming, but the voices get louder and there’s a point where his brain is so awake that there’s no point in pretending anymore. His is frozen for a moment by the terrifying thought that the demons have found them, but quickly the rational part of his brain yawns and reminds him that if they had been discovered by demons, there would hardly be yelling, and rather, Castiel would have woken to the sound of dead silence.
“Then he’ll die, Castiel. Humans die. That’s what happens.”
“I will stay alive,” he says out loud, to the birds in the trees who are listening. “I am not weak. I am not a civilian. I am not just someone to fuck.”
Castiel takes a deep breath. “I want you to fuck me,” he says finally, and hearing those words fall from Castiel’s lips is pretty much the hottest thing Dean’s ever heard, so he can’t stop himself from surging forward and kissing Castiel with more abandon than he’s ever kissed anyone, sloppy and wet and edging into rough.
He finally approaches Garth again at sixteen years old. He’s getting to be almost as tall as the old man, and he’s been studying his face in the mirror, watching it grow and develop and mature. He’s been training hard now for two years, his arm muscles becoming more defined, his stamina lengthening.
Dean sighed, "I'm right here. You can stop talking about me as if I wasn’t.” He grumbled.
“T-take yours out too.” Dean told him, breath deep with arousal, and Cas was quick to comply, pulling his own hard cock out of his pants. He gazed back up into Dean’s eyes as they both began to stroke in earnest. He couldn’t bare to look away, entranced by the lust filled look of the other man, and soon enough he was spilling over his own fist, with Dean following shortly after.
“Y-yeah. Yeah, I was um, I was thinking maybe we could try anal?” Dean asked hesitantly. He could feel his ears turn red just saying that word. Cas’ eyebrows shot up in surprise.
“Hello Dean. What’s up?” Cas asked as he moved his laptop off of his lap and onto the desk beside his bed.
“Totally dude! Why do you think I suggested this ridiculous thing in the first place?” His roommate chuckled; smirk evident in his voice.
"My bratty little sub. How about we go take a shower before we start sticking together." Cas said as he kissed Dean's forehead.
Charlie caught up to him, and grabbed his arm to stop him from walking away. “Sorry, I won’t tease you anymore tonight.” The teasing tone was gone from her voice now.  “I’m just excited for you. You’ve been miserable for two months over that man. You thought he was straight and that you’d never see him again and
"Maybe when I'm ready. " Dean added a third finger, slickly sliding them in and out.
“Okay…next question.” He continued, rubbing his neck in embarrassment. “Is it messy?” He wrinkled his nose at the thought. That was the thing he was actually most concerned about. He had already figured it could be painful, but he would be mortified if they did it and there was a mess.
Cas spent all day Wednesday fretting around his house cleaning. There wasn’t even much to really clean, since he was a normally a tidy person anyway, and Bianca was past the age where it constantly looked like a tornado blew through his house. But he needed everything to be perfect.
He spent the next few days thinking on it, before he made his decision. Things had been awkward between him and Cas after that morning, and he couldn’t take it anymore. He decided enough was enough and so he made his way to Cas room, but before he could knock, he heard Cas voice inside. It sounded like he was talking to someone on the phone. He knew he shouldn’t ease drop but he was always too nosy for his own good and so he listened quietly.
Cas smiled and hugged Dean tighter. "Good, I'm glad." He said. "So, what's the oldest man you've been with then?" He asked curiously.
“Fuck…yes….” Cas moaned as he gyrated his hips, swiveling them in figure eights before riding up and down again, blowing Dean’s mind. The pleasure was so intense and he couldn’t hold back anymore. He braced his feet on the mattress and started fucking up into his friend.
Castiel waited a few minutes after Dean left and went to his bedroom. Mainly to give him time to follow orders. But he also had to compose himself. He slowly made his way to the bedroom and once inside, he gasped at what he saw.
“I’m sorry love. I didn’t realize I had done that. Is anal play something you aren’t interested in?” Cas asked curiously. He didn’t care one way or another. Of course, he would love to play around back there on his sexy boyfriend, but if Dean wasn’t into that, he would never push.
-fiancé another night. The next morning, he had called his brother and explained the situation. Gabe had wanted to come to the city and give Bart a piece of his mind, but Castiel managed to convince him that was not necessary. Instead, Gabriel helped him find a house to rent on Long Island near where he lived, and while Bart was at work, Gabe drove out and helped him pack all of his belongings, which the moving company had picked up and delivered for him here.  In a rare fit of vindictiveness, Cas had even packed up the entire kitchen and bathroom, leaving Bart without a single utensil, plate, cup, or toiletry anywhere in the apartment. His phone probably would have been blowing up right now about that if he hadn’t made sure to block the asshole’s number.
Dean shrugged, "Only ones that paid." He looked embarrassed, "Sometimes I just needed the extra cash." He relaxed slowly under the gentle touches, having expected the opposite.
"Sorry. Sorry Love. I'm not judging you or anything. It's just...nerve mind it's stupid." Cas said as he hid his face on Dean's head.
“Hm, well your Papa is a lot older than Dean. And I’m not that much older than your Papa.” John remarked, looking at Bianca, while clearly directing that statement as a jibe at Cas. This was not going well. It was clear Dean hadn’t been exaggerating his Father’s disapproval at how old Cas was.
When he pulled into a spot, he checked the time, noting that he still had 15 minutes until dismissal, so he pulled out his phone to get some work done. As he checked his emails and responded to the urgent ones in his inbox, he sipped his coffee and ate the danish he picked out. As three o’clock hit, he got out of his car and shut the door behind him, before making his way into the building and showing his license to the lady at the front desk. He stood in the lobby with the other parents, waiting for his daughter's teacher to walk the students who were walkers, down the hall to hand them off. He saw a middle-aged black woman walking down the hall with a young man behind her, being followed by a handful of students. He was pretty sure the woman was his daughter's teacher, and as the group came closer, he could see he had been right, when he saw Bianca with them. He noticed her face had a huge smile on it, and his worry began to dissipate, now that she seemed happy. She must have had a good day then, he reasoned. As the group reached the throng of parents, Bianca ran to him and threw her arms around his waist.
“Is this what you were looking for?” He questioned as he held out the bag. Gabe looked up from where he was crawling around on the floor; his eyes narrowed.
"Dean, a Dom/Sub relationship is about give and take. And it’s about trust. You trust me to take care of you and in turn, I trust you to be truthful to me about what you need and what your limits are. I’m not here to just take pleasure from you. I want to give you pleasure too. I don't want to just use you. I also expect you to try to behave like a good boy. If you do you will be rewarded. However, I know you are a little brat so I expect punishment to come into play frequently. " Cas explained.
bite a hickey to Cas’ side. If it was what Dean really wanted, this situation would be reversed.
“Why are we drinking?” Cas asked as he moved his laptop off his lap and onto the coffee table, before turning to rest against the arm of the couch, quirking his eyebrow at his friend as he awaited his reply.
he LARPed with her, and it had been the only spot open. Of course, Charlie insisted on calling him that now every time she saw him, even two years later.
Cas walked up to the edge of the left side of the bed. He had rope and cuffs hidden on both sides. He cuffed Dean's left hand in his leather cuffs. Then went around his right side and cuffed Dean's right arm. Then he slipped a blind fold around Dean's head. "Give me your color love."
"I can already tell you will be a bratty sub. And I will punish you for that, which I'm sure you will love. But for this dinner, I want you to be real. I don't want an act. Sure, I chose this restaurant that I didn't know you were too young to drink at. Which apparently means I don't know much about you. And I hope to rectify that soon, since I hope this whole thing has been real." Cas replied. “And I hope you will stop putting on an act and show me the real you.” Before Castiel could talk any further, the waitress came over and asked what they wanted.
“Dean?”
Castiel can only watch him. The pain that is coursing through his body makes him incapable of saying anything, even if he wanted to.
“I hope you don’t mind my asking,” Gina says, biting her lip. “But do you have-- I mean... is there... does this, the way you are, does it have something to do with the South Dakota thing?”
David manages to squeeze out a small, pitiful, “
Sam nods, and there’s a look between them that Castiel can’t begin to understand; it’s a look of two people who have been dedicated to a cause since before they can remember, and now they have their whole lives ahead of them.
this was being taken care of!”
“I’d love to see you try, sister,” he responds, although his heart is hammering. He hasn’t hunted alone in over a decade. It’s been a while since he’s been in danger and not felt at least a little bit assured that someone was going to show up and save him.
Castiel makes a frustrated noise in his throat and fists his hands in his hair.
And he makes a decision.
This is supposed to feel normal. This is supposed to be what he does best. Why does it feel like he’s pretending to be somebody different?
“You’re... Castiel Novak, right?”
They didn’t have long to wait.
“Come on, Dean, have a beer,” Nick wheedles, his words already slurring  bit. “You
“Sure is,” Dean nods. “I’ve fought enough angels for several lifetimes, thanks very much.” He pauses, wondering if this is the right time, then just decides to go for it. “Speaking of…”
From a backpack, Dean produces blocks of cheese and a sleeve of crackers, and they eat in silence, Dean sitting closer to Castiel than necessary, as if he can’t bear to not be touching him. They finish and pack the rest of the food away, and when Dean reaches for him, Castiel goes willingly into his arms. They don’t fuck, or even kiss, they just lie there in the darkness, until Dean speaks.
Castiel stands. He walks to Dean slowly, every step deliberate. He leans down and looks Dean square in the face. For a moment, he’s sure Castiel is going to go absolutely ballistic on him, but then his eyes soften.
“I’m different now,” he says. “I’m trying, Cas. I want...”
At that, David sucks in a breath and sneaks back up the stairs to his room. He spends the morning in front of the mirror, trying to find something, anything, in his face or his body that makes him special, the way he was always told he was. But he can’t find anything-- ordinary face, ordinary body. The only thing they could possibly mean is The Dreams, but David doesn’t see anything special about those. They’re just dreams.
His eyes flash black.
When the call comes, it’s proof that Dean was in retirement too long. He sees Nick’s name pop up on his phone and he doesn’t immediately panic.
“And then she was an angel again?” David asks.
“I know,” Sam ducks his head. “Believe me, I know. But, Dean, I-- I
Castiel presses a knee up between Dean’s legs and Dean can feel how completely and totally aroused they both are, and he tries to move, tries to find friction, but Castiel shoves him to keep him still, snarls “
Garth’s eyes are sad, but his tone is light when he says, “Nicked it off an angel, whaddaya think?” He ruffles David’s hair, and says, “Now go again.”
“Anti-possession charm,” he explains. “Right now, they’re in vessels, and there’s nothing to stop them from leaving one body and just getting into yours, except now you’re wearing this.”
Dean opens his mouth to argue and his chest constricts painfully. “Who,” he begins, but his voice breaks. “Everyone I know is dead.” He tries his best not to sound like he’s about to cry. “Who could I call?”
Castiel slams him up against the wall and leans close.
Dean cracks open his eyes. Through the blur and the blood, he sees Cas. Cas, screaming his name, pressing his chest. Dean tries to comfort him, tell him nothing hurts, but it’s just a burble.
It’s like giving something away and getting something back at the same time, to have Castiel in his arms like this, smelling like suburbs and blood and lake water and angel, all at once. To maybe have someone to belong to again, and to have someone that belongs to him. It’s years and years of never saying anything, never seeing it, never understanding or acting or even acknowledging the existence of this
“Well, that was…” Dean pauses, “… anticlimactic.”
He can still see the lake through the trees, so he figures as long as he sticks close to the water, he won’t die of dehydration.
“I know,” Garth says slowly, “because it really happened.”
“Oh, for the government, right?” Mark asks. “Don’t worry, Cas already told me it’s all classified and top secret and that I shouldn’t even ask.”
drink, and it’s Paul’s birthday! Do it for Paul, Dean!”
“Dean,” the little girl says, her voice lilting and pathetic. “I told you. If you don’t stop being so mean, I’m going to have to hurt you again.”
“You know what this means. If you reunite with your grace and heal him, they will find you. Almost immediately. You’ll be taken—”
” His breathing is coming faster and Garth is hurrying him to the bathroom, where he collapses in front of the toilet and empties his stomach. He’s aware that there are tears streaming down his face, and he doesn’t try to stop him when Garth gently wipes his mouth and takes him up to his room and tucks him into bed, saying, “I know, it’s a shock, I’ve seen this happen to a lot of kids, don’t worry about it, just get some rest, David,” He shuts off the light, and murmurs, as he closes the door, “Good night, Castiel,” and when he says that, despite that terror and horror and shame and betrayal he feels, something lights up inside him and he falls asleep feeling very, very different.
“Just shoot the gun, Humphrey Bogart,” he orders.
, Dean thinks,
Castiel nods, and he lets himself be wrapped up in one of Garth’s classic bear hugs. Garth exits back into the kitchen, and Castiel sinks into a chair to read the letter on top of the stack of papers.
“He’s back at the cabin talking to Dad,” Sam says as Castiel towels off his hair. “Dean told me about how you helped him kill Lilith. Personally, I want you on our side if we have to go up against the rest of the demons. Dad just gets... touchy about people he doesn’t consider family.”
“Did you see Cas? What happened? Dean, why aren’t you saying anything?
“I thought things would be different after everything that happened,” he says softly. “I thought maybe you’d trust me more. I thought...” He looks furious with himself for a moment. “But you didn’t change. You were still the same Dean... selfish, unhappy, and you took it out on me.”
“I’ll be with you,” he says. “That’s what I want. Don’t ever let me walk away again.”
“Give me the phone back,” Castiel grits.
“Dean, can you open your eyes?”
“They hung you up by your wrists,” Castiel says. “Do you feel any pain in your--?”
“I think Dean is my favorite,” David admits to her.
“Do we have a deal?” Castiel asks.
“You know this Ingrid chick?” Dean asks as they leave the hospital.
Dean leans into his space, whispers, “I’m going to show you how to do this,” and nudges his nose. Castiel’s eyes flutter closed, and Dean brushes their lips together, the briefest kiss, almost asking for permission. Castiel chases his lips, so Dean returns deeper, more insistent, sliding his tongue into Castiel’s mouth, and then it’s frantic and fervid, Dean pressing him up against the door of the car, settling between his legs, Castiel scratching fingers through the hair on the back of Dean’s neck. When Dean traps Castiel’s bottom lip between his teeth and Castiel moans, they break apart, panting slightly, and when Dean grins at him, Castiel feels his borrowed heart stutter.
, or whatever. But just in case.”
“There’s the house where Dad’s friend Bobby used to live. He’s dead now.”
“I-- all right.”
People don’t really talk to Dean at school, either, which surprises Castiel, because Dean is very attractive. Normally, the attractive people go right to top of the food chain at Westborough High School. But Castiel can’t think of a single person who he would call Dean Winchester’s friend.
Castiel wonders if it’s odd for them to hear his voice, see his mannerisms on the body of the young boy they knew, and he hopes that, despite the weirdness, he will manage to keep this little family.
“What about the garage? Maybe if you just found a new job--?”
Castiel raises his eyebrows. Dean sighs.
“I don’t read these books for the romance, or for the sex. I read these books because I’m sick of the way people speak to each other. In these books, people say what they feel. People care about the things being said to them. In the real world, nobody cares about what other people say. You are perfectly content to carry on a conversation without me. In these books, words matter. People matter.”
“I’m sorry,” Dean whispers, and Castiel can see tear tracks on his face.
Castiel wakes the next morning, alone in the big bed, to the sound of yelling.
“You’re an idiot,” she sighs, taking a sip of her coffee. After a moment, she says, more seriously, “The Bug called Sam ‘Daddy’ yesterday.”
Sam sniffs, pulling away and wiping his eyes.
“Yeah, well, he ain’t gonna be much of a secret weapon if he can’t hit a target,” John frowns. “Dean, take him outside. Show him how to shoot. Sam and I are going to repaint the devil’s traps.”
“I’m not gay,” Dean says. “I’m just not picky. I like all sorts.”
Dean sits down and pulls the coffee pot toward him.
“Please,” Dean whispers.
“I thought we could have a little fun before I go to work,” she breathes into his ear, nails digging into his shoulder.
Sam’s face morphs instantly into panic.
And it could just be that Dean’s seeing green, and that he’s more than a little drunk, but he could swear that when Mark says ‘my number’, his voice dips a little lower, a little intimate.
?” Garth definitely sounds panicked.
Castiel just stares at him for a second, as if expecting something. When Dean can do nothing but bite his lip nervously, Castiel says, “So?”
“Cas?”
One day, they’re sitting together eating bologna sandwiches on the front porch when David notices that she’s looking at him kind of funny.
Dean drives his fingers into his temples, hard. He can feel his headache returning.
“Now that you’re an expert shot,” Dean says, sliding his hands around to rest on Castiel’s back, “and we’ve got some alone time...”
But Dean doesn’t let go of Castiel’s sleeve. He tugs him closer, closing his other hand in a fist in Castiel’s lapel. Castiel furrows his brow.
He throws himself pell-mell into hunting, barely taking twenty-four hours in between salt and burns. He hasn’t been back to his Kansas apartment in months; he spends most nights on the couch in the house in Sioux Falls. Sometimes Cas sleeps down there too, on nights they stay up late researching lore and end up passing out face-first in the dusty tomes.
, his friend, and he feels like he’s finally getting something right when he leans forward slightly to press a kiss to Castiel’s bare shoulder.
David nods fervidly.
He doesn’t know why seeing Nick and Jude together tonight, holding hands, laughing into each other’s mouths, threw him over the edge, but he tells himself it has something to do with the fact that Jude had blue eyes, bright with affection, just like...
Dean shakes his head violently. “Paul, I need you t’take me somewhere and y’can’t ask me why.”
Dean looks at him. “I wish I could ask you to stay,” he says simply.
Castiel knows that if his mother were here in the store, she would yank the book from his fingers and place it back on the shelf. If he comes home with it, she will stamp her feet and claim loudly and dramatically that he did it purposely to upset her. She is incorrect. Castiel brings the book up to the checkout lane.
“No, we can’t,” Castiel snaps.
“He used to play with us both all the time,” she says. “Before he died, I mean.”
When they kiss again, it’s like water. When Dean licks into Castiel’s mouth, tongue curling over his teeth, it’s a river. When Castiel fists a hand in Dean’s hair and mouths his throat, it’s a waterfall. And when he throws his head back and moans, low and throaty and musical, it’s a fountain.
He braces himself with a hand next to Castiel’s head, and Castiel’s other hand reaches up to grab his, clutching his fingers. He slides in and out of Castiel’s wet, tight heat and savors every look of surprise and pleasure on Castiel’s face when he grazes the most sensitive place inside him. Castiel’s cock is still hard, painting shining stripes on his stomach, and when Castiel whispers, “Touch me”, Dean holds him and strokes him, fast and wet, with a twist in his wrist, until he comes, spurting messy all over Dean’s fingers, and it’s the clutch and pulse of him around Dean that thrusts him into his own orgasm, and he and Castiel ride it out together, the shudder and heat that travels all the way up from his pelvis to his chest to his eyes and his arms, where Dean can feel it in his fingertips. They collapse together, panting, sweaty, and now is when Dean should feel ancient, old and weak, should feel like the almost-forty-year-old he is, but he doesn’t. He feels new, refreshed, unbroken.
Aaron laughs again, his eyes shining, and Ben rolls his eyes at him.
“Sorry for what?” Castiel whispers back, as though the whole forest is listening in.
happy for them.
“Fuck that,” Dean grunts. “Let him go!”
“Nice job!” he says, pouring as much salt as he can down Azazel’s throat. The demon coughs and sputters blood and other things Castiel doesn’t want to think about.
“I...” Dean honestly has no idea. “I’ll let you know when I do.”
“I like your voice,” Dean rumbles in his ear. “I know I said I didn’t care, but now that I’ve heard it, you have got to talk more.”
The cashier flings himself down on the floor, apparently too terrified to question the order that had been barked at him. Castiel is slightly more discerning.
Jude shudders. “It was inside of me, too, wasn’t it?”
When Paul and Nick ask him if he wants to grab a beer after work for like, the ninetieth time, and Dean says no, again, for some reason, this time, he has an existential crisis. Dean never goes out, still feel awkward and out of place among people who don’t know what lives in the dark, but then Sam, with his stupid always-right voice, appears in his head and starts in on an opening argument: “Blah blah blah Dean you need friends blah blah Dean trust issues blah blah blah.”
“I won’t,” Dean says, and there’s a promise there that Castiel can feel everywhere in his body.
Castiel’s faces clouds over and on the other end of the line, Sam sighs.
Castiel pulls away from him to fumble at his bedside table; he returns with lube, but no condom. Dean eyes his hands and raises an eyebrow. Castiel rolls his eyes.
She grabs her shirt from the floor and pulls it back on before slipping into her shoes and leaving. Dean listens for the click of the front door before he flops back onto the bed and stares at the ceiling.
“Dean and I used to work together,” Castiel says.
There have to be at least a couple working cars in the scrapyard that he can take his chance with (his baby is probably still Nebraska) so he flings himself through the screen door and into the yard, and is running towards the nearest truck when he hears a sharp whistle and then he’s on the ground, Jonah the bloodhound situated on his chest, drooling onto his face. Dean doesn’t
Dean never seems to grow tired of speaking. He talks while he cooks spaghetti from the pantry, talks while they eat at the sturdy wooden table. He tells Castiel all about Sam, who is currently at boarding school, although, “Dad’s probably pulled him out by now”. He explains the demon situation to Castiel as well: the little girl’s name was Lilith, and she’s been after the Winchesters for years. There are others too, Dean says, others named Azazel, Meg, and Alastair, and they could be anywhere. John, Dean’s father, is on his way to get Sam, just in case the demons try to go after him.
The birds twitter back to him in their language, and for some reason, this heartens Castiel, and he sets off into the forest again.
“Yeah, I guess you wouldn’t be here if you thought she was, huh?”
They both beam at him. “I remember when you were a baby!” Erin says. “You used to love being thrown in the air. Almost like you liked flying!”
“I’m happy,” Castiel whispers.
Dean drops to his knees and starts untying Jude’s legs, moving onto the arms, and finally pulling the gag out of his mouth. Jude slumps forward and Dean catches him.
Dean laughs bitterly. “Oh, really? You mean that wasn’t you kicking me out of your bed a few minutes ago?”
“Where am I?” he tries to say, but it comes out more like, “Mmrgh?”
him, but he called me a spaz and gave me a noogie.” He steals a glance at David, still wrapped up in a little ball. “Hell of a guy to fall in love with.”
, presses up against him, six feet of solid, furious heat.
“I think it had something to do with Jude and Nick. They were standing off in the corner, you know, doing... what they do, and it made you really upset. Not like, angry, but... I don’t know, and then you made me take you to a train station.”
! Ingrid,
“I know,” he says instead, “I’m sorry.”
Castiel closes his eyes and takes a deep breath, exhaling through his mouth.
Dean is getting old; he can feel it when he wakes up in the morning, in his back and in his feet. He can feel it when he’s been sitting for more than an hour, when he’s gone a little too long without sleep. Hell, he’s over forty, he’s retired from a job most people don’t see the back end of, and he’s pretty much felt eighty since he was twenty-two.
“I am taking you back to your brother,” he says, and Dean is struck by how terrified he is of the angel standing before him.
“Inias! Ingrid! Inias!
Dean freezes. He swears his heart stops beating. He’s sure Castiel can feel him stiffen, because he says, worriedly, “Dean?”
She starts for him, snarling, and before Castiel can even begin to think about defending himself, her eyes suddenly crackle with flame and her lips open in a scream. Dean has buried the blade in her back. The little girl’s eyes go out. She slumps to the floor. The cruelty is gone from her face; all that’s left is pigtails and freckles in a puddle of blood.
“Stop babying me,” Dean barks. “I’m fine. Nothing I couldn’t handle.”
John rolls his eyes and sighs, but Meg has already caught the possessive tone in Dean’s voice.
“I’m not gonna lie, Cas, I’m not--” Dean breaks off, on the brink of being ready to lay it all out, bare, for Castiel to accept or reject. “The last time we saw each other. Did you--?”
He stopped in the early days of his high school career, and no amount of counseling from psychologists, pills from psychiatrists, or pleading from his parents could force sound from behind his lips.
Sam-time, because no matter what life they’re living, the most important person is Sam and nothing will ever change that. And when he thinks about it, he never understood her either, and he never tried to.
Dean remembers well the day Castiel had fallen completely, appearing suddenly in he and Sam’s motel room, white-faced, blood dripping from his nose and mouth. He’d passed out in Dean’s arms, then slept for two days. When he’d woken up, he was completely human. He’d refused to share with Sam or Dean the circumstances of his falling, only that his Grace had been waning for years and was now gone for good. Dean had wanted to look for it, find some way to make him full-angel again, only because of the look of misery on Castiel’s face.
Sam snorts in a dignified fashion.
There’s more blood, Dean is sure, but he can barely tell what’s going on. His vision is starting to vignette around the edges, like an old movie.
Miraculously, one of the bottles shatters, and Castiel almost drops the gun in shock. Dean whoops.
Dean swallows. “Okay. Okay, I believe you.”
? But what then? Castiel lives in South Dakota. He’s a hunter. Dean lives in California, and he’s a civilian now.
Castiel just raises his eyebrows, and Dean caves.
“Well, good news for you, then,” Dean spits. “You won’t have to put up with me being frustrating or confusing or fucking
When Dean wakes up, his phone is vibrating against his face. Actually, that’s not the only thing that’s vibrating. His whole body is vibrating, and so is whatever he’s lying on. His head also really hurts, so he does the only thing he’s capable of doing, which is to press ‘ANSWER’ on his phone.
“G, you’re not going to understand what I mean when I say this, but he’s so, so much more than a guy.”
Garth is looking directly into his eyes, and David can’t look away.
“Yes,” Cas intones. “It sounds like angel activity.”
“Castiel…”
David’s eyes dart around the room, at the old tomes on the top shelf, at the shotgun on the hall table, at every place in the room he knows the silver knives are hidden.
Disappointingly, he feels old during sex, too. He finds himself out of breath, his leg and back muscles ache, and after one round he’s pretty much ready to lie in bed forever and never get up again.
“Good date?” he asks, trying not to sound bitter and failing.
Castiel huffs a barely-there laugh.
“Backup!” Dean’s father barks a laugh. “Dean, the kid has clearly never held a gun in his life, you think he’s going to be much help against demons? Just tell the truth, you brought him up here because you needed a fuck, plain and simple. Don’t try and lie to me, Dean Winchester, I know you too well.”
“Ditto,” Sam says, his voice taking on a teasing tone. “Dean hasn’t shut up about you since I got here. He must like you a lot.”
“He is,” Virginia snaps. “I did all the tests. He’s just a boy. Nothing special about him.”
It’s now been a while Castiel has taken a shower, so he sheds his clothes down to his boxers and slips quietly into the lake. The cool water feels absolutely decadent to his skin, and he revels in the still waters, fish tickling his feet as they pass. He’s not sure for how long he swims, or even how far, but when he makes his way back to the cave, and his clothes, he sees a figure standing on the shore.
“You more than anyone know why I can’t,” he says, bitter and broken.
“I told you,” Castiel says, curling his fingers in Dean’s hair, “to shut up.”
“No, don’t stop,” Castiel gasps again, rocking his hips down onto Dean’s finger. “Keep going. It’ll get better.”
Dean swallows. “I think it has something to do with Cas.”
The asshole finally notices him and extends a hand. “Mark,” he says. “Nice to meetcha.”
“Dean,” he says. “I—”
“Okay, then,” David says. “Teach me.”
The night falls, and gets cold. Castiel can’t see his breath, but he’s sure it’s a close thing, and he huddles as close as he can to the stone wall. Being close to the water has its drawbacks; he can feel the strong breezes coming off the lake, and his clothes were not designed to keep him warm. He is almost asleep, arms wrapped around himself in a false imitation of the previous night, when he hears crashing coming from the woods.
He pulls up to Nick and Jude’s house around noon. He only stopped once to get fast food, but he hasn’t slept, so his vision is swimming and he feels a little like his head is full of cotton balls. He used to drive through the night all the time back in the day… just more proof he’s getting too old to keep doing this.
After interviewing the sheriff and the coroner, as well as seeing the bodies of Eloise plus three other vics, the answer is undeniable: vampires. And dumb vampires at that. They’re messy and stupidly hungry, if the missing pet reports are anything to go on. Seems these vampires just want blood; don’t matter who or what it comes from.
Castiel quiets him with a hand on his cheek, and Dean holds him in place, squeezing his eyes shut against what Castiel is sure are more tears. Dean pretends to be a man, but it is moments like these that Castiel remembers that Dean is a boy, just like him, and that he can be truly scared.
“Look, Mel,” Dean says. “I’m not going to tell you what to do. But I will tell you that I know my brother, and he doesn’t do
“Dean--”
“That’s enough,” Cas snaps at him. “Please, Dean, do it. Now.”
“Just leave him alone, you black-eyed bastard. I’m coming. You’ll get what you want. Just leave Jude alone.”
“You’ll what, brat?” one of the witches snaps. “You’ll unchain yourself and come over here and stab us with one of your little knives? I’d like to see you try.”
Melissa and Sam practically flee the house.
“Dean,” Castiel says, voice low, eyes dark. “Not here.”
“I’m gonna prep myself so just sit back and watch.” Cas instructed as he leaned forward on all fours putting his ass even closer to Dean’s face. Dean gulped at the view. Cas flicked open the cap and poured some lube on his fingers. He rubbed them together to warm it up before reaching behind himself and rubbing a circle around his rim before he began to sink his digit inside his tight hole.
“That she does.” He affirmed. Charlie then got this weird look on her face and just hummed in reply before ringing Cas up. He paid for his items and thanked her before wishing her a good day.
"Would You rather drive then Dean?" Cas asked.
He drove to the store, locking his car before making his way inside. He picked out a raspberry danish this time, and made his way up to the counter.
“I only kiss in a relationship. Kissing is very intimate for me.” He explained, which was mostly true. He had definitely kissed on first dates and on some one-night stands. But kissing Dean would be too intimate. It would be bad enough having sex with him and trying to protect his heart. There was no way he could kiss his friend and not let his feelings show. That was one thing he planned to stand completely firm on.
Cas looked up when Dean sat next to him. "Ok love. So, you know I love you being here with me, right?" He questioned.
“I still don’t want to talk about it, Red.” He mumbled before hiding his face in his pillow. He really hoped Charlie had not actually figured anything out because it was embarrassing enough to think of without someone else being privy to the real reason he left Cas’.
“Hello, Gabriel.” He answered.
Cas hugged Dean tight to his chest. "Mmhmm yes I won't lie. I do love you calling me Daddy. I honestly never thought that I'd find a lover to share that with"
“Thanks Cas.” Dean said sincerely. “And uh, thanks for being cool with the whole, ya know…virgin thing.” He gestured at whole body and Cas just waved him off good naturedly.
"Of course, Dean." Cas smiled. He was happy Dean seemed to be open to truly trying this. It killed him that Dean never had anyone take care of him.
By the time he had three fingers fucking into him, scissoring and stretching his rim, Dean was a blubbering mess. His cock was leaking pre-cum all over his soft belly, and he felt like he could explode at any minute. He felt Cas’ fingers retreat and he whined at the loss, feeling too empty after being full.
Dean coughed, not quite a gag or choke yet, since it wasn't far back enough, and cocked an eyebrow at his master challengingly, waiting for his next move. His master was still in pants which meant he couldn’t go down to the hilt, but he had a good length and width regardless. Dean shifted impatiently.
Dean laughed, "Do you ever eat anything else when you go out?"
" He did tell me he preferred older men. Why did you say women though?" Cas asked.
“Wh-what do you mean?” Cas stammered, his own face blushing once more. Dean couldn’t mean what Cas thought he did, right? Dean was quiet for a minute before lifting his face, a determined look on his face.
Castiel had been dating Dean for about a month. He couldn't get enough of his perfect little sub. He knew it was soon but he could tell he was falling in love with the man. And Valentine’s Day was a week away. He wasn't sure what to do at this point.  He'd really love to take Dean out for a lovely date, but he wasn't sure yet that his sub would appreciate it.
Dean coughed and gave one small gag at the first time down his throat but otherwise took it like a pro, giving Cas a bored look and rolling his eyes.
Dean went quiet for a minute, head tilting. “I want to have you. Repeatedly. All the time. I’m smitten with you. I need you.”
“Sorry for my rant, I just didn’t want you to think it was something you are required to do.” Cas reached out to squeeze his hand and Dean smiled at the thoughtfulness of his boyfriend. “Is it still something you wish to try?”
”. They all seemed to gravitate to him, even more so than Miss Moseley, which she teased him about constantly. She didn’t seem to mind either,
“Fuck…” Dean cursed as he lined up his cock and pushed into Cas’ hole making Cas hiss at the stretch. He probably could have used a bit of prep but he was too impatient. He loved lazy morning sex.
“I, uh, I’ve never shown anyone this, uh…this side of myself. Didn’t feel like being made fun of, he.” He laughed humorlessly, still feeling embarrassed and vulnerable.
“Same as you I guess” He chuckled lightly, hand going to the back of his neck in what Cas was coming to realize was a nervous gesture. “Charlie-my friend from 7-eleven? She dragged me here as my wingman too. Said I needed to get over….” He stopped himself, blush forming on his freckled cheeks. “Uh, that I needed to get out there and find a boyfriend, heh…”
“I’m glad you liked it Sunshine.” He smiled, lazily playing with the smattering of hair on his boyfriend’s chest. Cas kissed the side of his head.
"Good. I love fucking your tight ass with my fat cock. You feel so good Dean." Cas changed the angle of his thrusts, making sure he was now hitting Dean's prostate every time.
Ah, so Cas was worried about how Dean would handle dating someone with a kid.
Dean considered this for a second before giving a short nod. "Alright. Talk then.”
The video played in front of them, and he felt Dean’s breath hitch before he placed his hand on Cas’ leg, slowly working it up until he cupped Cas’ bulge. Cas gasped in surprise and shifted his hips up to push against Dean’s hand. He quickly reached down to unbutton his jeans and push them down below his hard cock, and he looked over at Dean’s lap watching him do the same. They both reached out simultaneously to grasp the other’s dick in their hand and let out twin groans of pleasure.
Dean shivered, shaking his head, "Never, sir." He blushed pink at the pet name, biting his lip and wiggling again
to come out- he would tell them. Yeah, that was a good idea. Its not like it mattered much now since he wasn’t dating.
“How did you accidently watch a gay porn?” He asked the first question that popped into his head.
"What do you mean? No-one has ever complimented or praised you in your life before?" Cas asked sadly.
"I want to eat you out right now love. Then I want to fuck you so hard into this mattress that you can't sit right for a week. Is that amenable for you?" He said as he nibbled on Dean's earlobe.
"Green, sir." Dean wiggled. "Hurry up." He snarked, wiggling his ass temptingly
“Hmm, if this is the price I have to pay, I will wear those damn shorts every day.” Dean smirked before leaning in to kiss his Angel.
