"Okay," Steve says. He waves and turns around, heading back to his car.
“Call me when you wake up, hot stuff,” Steve says, winking at him. “And get me that link.”
what he was thinking about.)
“Nothing,” Steve says. “No one. Just the guy whose arm you fixed.”
Tony takes a slow breath. "Here," he says, pulling out his phone, an entirely glass monstrosity that Steve would break
“Are you okay?”
The adolescent crosses his arms over his chest. “I’m fourteen. I don’t need a babysitter.”
“And what do you say to your other nickname? ‘The Merchant of Death’?”
Tony smiles back. “With them, it does feel like I have everything. Zeke is the oldest. He’s going to be 14 soon. God, time flies by. I remember the day I met him. It was after my honeymoon when I was setting up the house we lived in Massachusetts. I mean, I technically met him before, hell I held him for like an hour at the wedding, but I didn’t really become his mom until that day. No one can tell me he’s not mine, I don’t care that there’s no blood shared between us.”
Zeke rolled his eyes. “God Ma, you’re so dramatic. You’ll be back before I even come home on the weekend.”
Obie fires a missile and misses. “You ripped out my targeting system.”
(Tony had to fight with the skin of his teeth to go to MIT. Releasing his acceptance letter to the press was a risky move that cost him broken ribs and a bruised jaw, but it was
“I’m okay sweetie. It’s nothing serious,” Tony says, trying to sound placating before focusing on Pepper again.
“What’s up, Tony? I thought you were going to go into blackout mode to work on an SI project.” Steve recognized the voice as The Wasp. Janet Van Dyne.
. Steve was already sure he wasn’t going to like this world.) There were other little things about the area he landed in, about Manhattan as a whole, that didn’t match Steve’s memory: the McDonalds down the block was instead a Shake Shack, the smoke shop that was supposed to be a Japanese restaurant two streets away, apartment complexes that were office buildings and vice versa. The biggest change of all, however, was the tall building in the middle of the Manhattan skyline. It was still the same eyesore that Steve had grown familiar of, yet it was missing something significant. It was missing the big, bold letters along its side that spell out the name of its owner; in its place a single bold letter “A” that Steve knew all too well.
Tony’s face softens. “While I do love their food, the biggest reason why I asked for it is that you guys love it. I’ve been gone so long and I’ve missed nearly all of your birthdays. I have to make up for it somehow.”
“Tell me,” Rhodey interrupts quietly, but the anger in his low voice was palpable, “that they didn’t touch you. Tell me that they didn’t—” Rhodey choked before he could get the words out.
“You don’t have to make up for anything, Momma” Peter exclaims as harshly as the 8-year-old could.
“Oh my god,” Pepper mutters under her breath as she places the device aside.
“Alright,” Obie sighs. He shifts the Omega off of his lap and moves to get off the couch. “I should head out now. I’ve got more fires to extinguish back in Manhattan.”
And just as expected, Obie video calls just as the presentation ends. Obie may not have greenlit the touchscreen camera phones that Tony built, but he sure loves using them. (Tony will forever be bitter about the way Obie and the Board touted how unmarketable the devices were as the reason not to invest, only for Apple to blow up a couple of years later due to their rudimentary version of the device.)
When the duo arrives in the living room, Harley and Peter are mindlessly watching cartoons as Zeke sits to the side glaring at his laptop as he absentmindedly pushes a sleeping Jamie in a rocking cradle. Tony decides to take advantage of the fact that his kids are distracted and sneaks up behind them. He grabs Peter and Harley and kisses them all over their faces as the two of them shriek in laughter and try to wiggle out of his grasp. Zeke looks up from the computer to laugh at his brothers. Even Pepper breaks out a smile. Finally, the Omega lets them go with one last kiss to their temples.
Tony sighs, “Of course he did.”
“They will see us,” Yahya tries to argue.
Everhart. Of course. Well, you couldn’t say that she isn’t persistent. This also explains how she was able to not only acquire his personal number but also get past its security. Regardless, Tony loses any respect he had for the woman after only talking to her once. “We’ve spoken before,” Tony says coolly, “Obie, make sure you get her to sign this NDA. Let her know she can’t say anything about the house, the kids, yada yada.”
worry about you. It is my job to. I always want you to come to me when something is wrong, no matter what. Now tell me what’s going through that brain of yours?”
CW/TW - non-explicit description of torture, semi-explicit description of sex
“Take care of your brothers, Peter. Aunt Pepper, Uncle Happy, and Nanny Clara aren’t going to be home all the time. And Zeke is away at school. You’re the big brother now until Zeke comes home. Harley, don’t be too much trouble for your brother, or your uncle, aunt, and nanny at that.”
Tony wakes up with a start, completely conscious and coherent this time. There’s a tube in his nostril. Groaning, he pulls and pulls on the long thin tube until he completely rips it out. He tries to reach for something on the table next to him and ends up knocking it over. Then Tony notices the other presence in the room (if you could call the space he was in a room). There’s an Alpha man, humming and shaving in front of a small mirror, completely nonchalant.
“I don’t make it a habit to let Obie’s conquests bother me.”
“Of course, sir. You are now connected to Ms. Potts.”
Tony must have made some sort of commotion in his frenzy as Rhodey jolts awake.
“And to see your kids, we know,” Pepper interrupts.
Because that was just it. The Tony here was
“I couldn’t sleep until I found out how it went. How’d it go, honey?” Obie asks through the screen.
about that?”
“I know, baby. But you’ve pushed deadlines for everything you had been working on before, and we already had a three-month stasis with you gone.”
Peter straightens up. “I’m really, really,
Steve finally left the library and started making his way to the large, ugly building on the horizon that was the pride and joy of the love of his life. He knew that he should probably take some more time to do some recon. On a normal mission, he would usually spend at least two days gathering information on his target, not just a couple of hours’ worth of Internet searching. But this wasn’t a normal mission, and Steve didn’t know how much longer he could go without Tony Stark in his life, especially knowing just how close he was. He wanted Tony now. Steve couldn’t wait another two days, one day, an hour, or even a minute.
, Tony is not going to give up.
“It’s your birthday?” Tony asks in jest. In the corner of his eye, Tony can see Peter rolling his eyes.
“Yes, and I will see them when I leave here.” Yinsen looks up from the board and at Tony. “And you, Stane?”
“Brown, actually.”
Obie is no help. In fact, he piles more work onto Tony when he brings home an unfinished SI project of Howard’s. Tony tries to decline, citing exhaustion and reluctance to design weapons.
“Lock me out?” Tony asks confused, “You’re my Alpha. You have control over everything right now. I just build.”
“How are you going to do that?”
Jamie, ever so receptive to the scents and behaviors of his family, squirmed in Tony’s arms to face his mother. “Momma, no,” the toddler pouts angrily as he slaps a small hand onto Tony’s forehead.
“I just - I miss them” he said. “All of them. But especially Ma and Bucky. They both loved this time of the year so much. Ma would have loved the tree we have in the lobby. She loved those giant trees decked up with all the fancy ornaments. We never could afford one but we always went to see them, with me all bundled up in every single warm clothing I had. And Bucky he -” Steve’s voice cracked as he buried his face in his hands.
Not that Tony loved him. He just liked him slightly more than the average teammate. Just a teeny-tiny bit. Barely even worth mentioning.
“Captain that building is about to collapse any minute now. You can’t go in there” Maria told him.
“Steeeeve. C’mon. I’m not wearing that,” Tony groaned.
Steve gave her the patented Captain America reassuring smile and she visibly relaxed. “Hey, that's okay. I’m here now and I have just the cure for bad moods” he said as he nodded towards the bags.
“I’m okay,” she replied. “Or at least I will be. As long as he can get the treatment he needs and gets better the rest can all be figured out.”
“We’re building a tower that is taller than all of us,” she declared.
And as he looked over at his family and at Steve, laughing as Clint held out his hand for a fist bump, Tony thought that he couldn't have found a more perfect solution to the Steve Rogers problem.
“Wait Tony when you asked him to watch a movie and have dinner with you did the words ‘date’ actually appear in that sentence?” Clint had interjected.
Tony stepped off the elevator and headed straight for his bed. He knew that saying something like that had been risky. Steve had remained oblivious to his feelings but there was a limit to how long even Steve could remain impervious in the face of Tony’s affections. In this case though, he hadn't been able to let Steve go without letting him know he was loved. The idea that Steve would think that, hurt him in a way he couldn’t really understand. All he knew was that Steve Rogers should never feel that way.
“And why not?” Steve asked, hotly. And of course that would make him angry. Steve Rogers had never taken it well when someone told him he couldn’t do something.
“It’s okay to be scared Tony. But I’m going to be just fine,” Steve said.
“Steve,” Tony began, his voice impossibly gentle. “That wasn’t an asthma attack baby. It was a panic attack,” Tony explained.
“Are you going to make me ask you increasingly dumb questions until you tell me what’s actually wrong?” Tony asked, his eyes glowing in the dim glow of the arc reactor.
“No, I need to tell you this,” Steve said. “But please just let me get through the whole thing,” he requested and Tony mimed zipping his lips.
“Well of course I do. It’s a most ingenious invention. I must take one back with me to Asgard. Heimdall would love it so,” Thor grinned.
A part of Steve was relieved to see Tony alive and unharmed. At least Tony hadn’t been involved with whatever had happened. But he had started feeling lightheaded as he drew breath in short pants. The cacophony of the heart monitor ringing in his ears was making it hard to think.
Steve just shrugged, looking anywhere but at Tony as Tony started taking out some ointment and bandages to wrap up his hands.
He hadn’t noticed when Tony had come to bed last night as he had been working late to get ready for an important board meeting today. But he’d woken up to Tony’s sleeping face illuminated in the early morning light. It was the only time when Tony was actually still although Steve had woken up to Tony talking to Dummy in his sleep on occasion. JARVIS could technically make their room pitch dark but darkness freaked them both out a bit. Steve always thought it was funny that they were both afraid of the same thing but for reasons that were polar opposites. Tony due to the darkness of space and Steve due to the darkness underwater.
“I’ve been out of commission for two days?” Steve asked, shocked. “Wait, is Ava okay?” he asked, suddenly panicked as he remembered the brave little girl who’d trusted him with her life. Oh God. Please let her be okay.
“Says the guy who cried his eyes out while watching Bambi because the deer had brown eyes!” Tony said, with mock offence.
“Oh wow, are you really him?” the woman exclaimed. “Nick, look, it's Tony Stark,” she said, turning excitedly to the kid.
“Deal,” Steve had said.
Steve stood at the threshold of the penthouse kitchen as he watched Tony prepare his morning coffee. Apparently the second one of the day he observed. A wave of fondness came over him as he observed Tony trying to brew coffee, argue with JARVIS and fiddle with some complex looking schematic at the same time.
“Okay first of all, nobody likes a know-it-all JARVIS, and let’s not call it a crush for God’s sake. What am I twelve?  Secondly, I very much do not want to know. I'm not that much of a masochist Jay,” said Tony.
Steve looked up at Tony in surprise. “How did you know I got you something?” he asked.
“I went to Brooklyn today,” Steve said after a while and Tony was so relieved to hear his voice. He hums in acknowledgement. For all his hyper verbal tendencies, he knew not to interrupt when Steve had something to get off his chest. One wrong word and Steve would clam up.
“Hell yeah! Go team!” Tony exclaimed, holding his palm out for a high five. “Look what you’ve turned me into. Natasha would be proud of us.” he smiled. “Uh oh,” he added, the smile dimming a little as he looked at Steve. “You’ve got your ‘serious contemplation’ face on. What’s wrong?” Tony asked.
“Okay if Mom and Dad have had enough of staring into each other’s eyes, can we go now?” Clint whined and Steve abruptly looked away, suddenly interested in the flooring.
“You want us to go to the hospital don’t you?” Steve asked, understanding dawning in his eyes.
”Sorry you just looked so adorable,” said Steve as he raised his hands in mock surrender.
Tony always said that there wasn’t enough money in the world that could make him wake up at the ass-crack of dawn. Except he always woke up to say goodbye to Steve if he had an early start for a SHIELD mission. Or maybe it's more the not sleeping than the waking up part that was involved there. Either way it was cute. It also served as a reminder that someone was waiting for him back home. He needed that reminder on the hard days. He shook his head to clear off those thoughts. No use dwelling on such things so early in the morning. Especially not today.
,” he added as if that explained everything.
“What the hell, how did you know that?” Tony asked, peering up at Steve suspiciously.
After many whoops of joy from the team, Bruce had herded the rest of them out of the kitchen with Natasha muttering about how she had to be the one to do everything on this team.
He entered the apartment and rushed to the bathroom to find Ava sitting in the bathtub, clutching her knees, frightened and alone. She couldn’t have been more than 6 six years old.
Parts of the ceiling started to cave in , plaster raining down around them and chunks of concrete crashing around them. He didn't have time to think of a plan before a huge piece of debris landed on his legs pinning him down and he felt more and more debris falling on top of him with nowhere to go. The pain was indescribable but he clutched Ava as close as possible while taking care not to crush her under him.
“Okay I’m going to leave you two alone now before I have to watch this progress into something else. You have a lot to talk about anyway,” Natasha interjected, shooting Tony a meaningful glance. She kissed Steve on the forehead, whispered a quiet ‘get well soon’ and left, the door closing softly behind her.
“Is that doubt I hear in your tone, Mr Rogers?” Tony teased and Steve glanced at him.
“Tony, anybody with eyes could see how gone you are on Steve. Steve is the only person on the planet who could be surprised by this information. But why didn’t you actually say anything?” Natasha asked.
Steve’s smile faltered at the reminder of what was in store of him.
“Yes,” Tony answered Steve before he turned to the rest of the team “Steve took me along on his monthly visits to the children’s hospitals a few  days ago and we met some amazing kids.They were really bummed out about being stuck in the hospital for Christmas, so I thought we could go visit and have a little Christmas party with them. Pepper basically took over the whole thing when I mentioned the idea so they should have set up the food and the decorations by now.”
‘I know you hate being in the hospital babe. I can imagine it brings up a lot of bad memories for you. Maybe I can get somebody to paint the walls in this room. Just brighten things up a little in here. Red and gold maybe?” he winked.
“Fine,” the kid replied sulkily.
“You’re such a sucker for them,” Tony said, smiling softly.
“Uh huh. And do you like what you see?” Tony had asked, shimmying his hips in a ridiculously exaggerated manner.
“And how much time did it take you to paint the whole thing?” Tony demanded.
“Then you know what that makes it for me? Priceless,” Tony said.
“As amusing as it was to punch Nazis in the face again, what was that for?” Steve inquired.
“If I may Sir, based on your previous interactions with Captain Rogers and after monitoring certain variables, I could run the numbers and give you a probability of Captain Rogers having a -“, and Tony could almost hear an imaginary throat clearing and his chest suddenly ached at the memory of the original owner of his AI’s voice, “-crush on you” JARVIS continued. Jarvis would have loved Steve.
Maybe he was worried for nothing. Maybe he was going to have a perfectly peaceful night of deep calming sleep and wake up refreshed and excited on his birthday. But then he remembered the panic he had felt earlier in the evening when he’d gone out to a cafe to meet Sam for their monthly catch-up and fireworks had gone off. Apparently, the good people of New York were celebrating early, and Steve couldn't help but feel embarrassed at how badly the loud noise had startled him. The echoing booms had brought back the rush of terror and adrenaline of the war, where the balance between life and death could tip over any minute, so easily. He should have been over this by now. The war was long over; one noise should not be sending him back there.
“My favourite colour isn’t red, it's blue,” Tony blurted out.
“Okay so I wanted to suggest a teeny-tiny change in the plan for today,” Tony said, rubbing his hands together, suddenly nervous.
“Tones, you know you call me because you want me to tell it to you straight. We can pretend for as long as you like but we both know you called me because you needed me to give you the push. Which is fine, but let's not pretend that's not what is happening here.”
“As you wish Sir. Captain Rogers is currently on his third punching bag of the evening,” JARVIS announced.
Oh. Steve processed that information. He’d never actually had a panic attack before but he’d helped Tony with them a couple of times after he’d had nightmares. That made so much more sense. He noticed that Tony was still in the business suit he’d worn for his board meeting that day, although he’d draped the jacket over the back of his chair. He looked pale and haggard.
It wasn’t like before when it was Ma and then later just Bucky (even thinking his name hurt, it always would)who cared about Steve Rogers and whether he lived or not. He had a whole team now. And Tony. The one who had given him a home and a family.
Steve nodded to himself like had come to some sort of decision as he moved to stand in front of Tony. “I love you, Tony” and Tony couldn’t help but let out a snort in disbelief.
“That it did,” Steve smiled. “I’m going to have a quick shower before I join you in bed,” Steve said as he took off his sweaty shirt. Tony wolf whistled at the sight and Steve felt his ears warm.
Steve had never been so frustrated in his life.
Tony's cock was perfect. Surprisingly large for a man as short as he was, red and beading with precome already. Steve felt his mouth grow wet at the thought of the cock laying on his tongue. He craved the taste of Tony, wanted him inside him in every way.
Stef wheezed out a pained laugh and sat down. "You're an asshole," she gasped, "and now I need my inhaler."
Once he had, he ran his finger under Steve's eyes. Steve knew that his eyes had watered and the mascara must have run. He couldn't imagine the messy picture he was now, makeup scattered across his face, panting and wide eyed as his erection rubbed against his pants. "Fuck, what a pretty picture," Tony's smirk was back, "wish I could see this all the time. So pretty."
Such as it was that Steve found himself standing in front of the mirror. There was some bizarre comfort in the visage reflected back at him. His face seemed complete, somehow - lashes lengthened, eyes rimmed in kohl, cheeks barely rouged. He turned this way and that, allowing himself vanity for a brief moment. He smiled his dazzling show boy grin and then frowned. He added the slightest touch of color to his lips with a product he had found called a "gloss". It certainly leant less color to his lips than the lipstick the forties had had to offer. He looked less like a painted whore and more like a natural beauty.
The Soldier and the Billionaire
Tony startled, clearly having been lost in thought. "Uh. I mean. That's really up to you, Spangles." Steve's face screwed into a glare. He hated that particular nickname. "I would like to date you. I don't know if you want that. I don't know if you want anyone to know that. I don't know what you want."
"Steve?" came a worried voice. "Steve? Steve? Shit, I think I broke Captain America. I broke a national icon. A national fucking treasure. Shit. Steve?!"
Toni leaned forward, hand cupping Stef's cheek. She searched her eyes for permission. Finding it, she leaned in for a quick, chaste kiss.
Steve swallowed, throat dry, and averted his eyes. He gathered himself and attempted to string together a sentence. He stammered a bit but eventually managed to spit out a quiet "what?"
Steve nodded again, transfixed by the thought of Tony telling him what to do and when. He liked that thought. He'd learned something new about himself today and he found the thought making him harder. He could see Tony's erection through his tight pants and looked up at him, pleading silently with his eyes.
Inches away from a fateful tryst
The night hadn't really gone far beyond that. He and Tony had kissed for a while and Steve had gotten overwhelmed and scuttled off to his room. Things stayed the same for about a week - from the outside looking in, anyway. Tony had been spending an increasing amount of time in his shop and Steve hadn't been his usual self. He'd been avoidant and staying in his room more, worrying and overthinking.
Tony frowned. "More than a little bit gay, I'd hope." Then, looking back at him in shock: "wait, you like me?"
Tony came up to him later. He wrapped an arm around his waist from behind and whispered into his ear. "I can't wait to mess up your makeup, pretty boy." Steve's libido ramped up immediately and he tried to turn around, to crush Tony against him and feel his body on his. He was too late - Tony was already spinning away and racing back down to his workshop. He'd already begged JARVIS.
Toni's brow furrowed and she began to approach. Stef waved a hand and brought out her inhaler, taking a moment to recover.
Steve caught his breath. "You," he said, still giggling, "you, Tony Stark, are the dumbest genius I have ever met." Tony looked offended. "Shh. Listen. Do you think I would have kissed you back if I weren't at least a little bit gay? You're an idiot, Tony. Of course I like you."
"Some assholes were bullying a guy and I jumped in. I got my ass kicked."
One day, however, after a few days of not seeing Tony, he found a note on the table.
And YET. The sunlight shone into the dark closet, blinding her temporarily. Someone backed into the closet hurriedly and slammed the door. Toni heard quiet, hiccuping sobs coming from the intruder that matched the ones she herself had been making before she'd been so rudely interrupted. Her eyes adjusted to the darkness again and she could make out blonde hair, a thin frame with shaking shoulders. She couldn't stop herself from squeaking out a confused "...Stef?"
Stef still looked uncomfortable but shook her head, grinning. "You're something else, Toni. You know that?" She looked at her. Toni couldn't help but notice just how blue those eyes were. "And you're not fucked up. You're...you're perfect."
A precise sweep of a brush
Toni sat. You don't disobey Stef Rogers when she gives a command. "But...you're not gay. You're not gay. I shouldn't touch you. That's not okay. You don't even like me."
Stef's face flashed through emotions. Anger, sadness, hurt, settling on indignation. "Size doesn't matter when someone is being an asshole."
He ran his tongue along the vein of his cock and listened to Tony's moan. He couldn't stand how hot that was, seeing Tony looking down at him flustered and in ecstasy. He felt the hand on his shoulder move to his hair, gripping tight and tugging until it was mildly painful. The hand pulled him forward, forcing him to take Tony down his throat.
JARVIS intoned,
Steve nodded, seeing the heat in Tony's eyes as he did so. He did makeup for himself, of course, but tonight he'd done it for Tony. Every choice had been made with him in mind, right down to the blue shadow that complimented his eyes and the black mascara that might run later.
"Hey," Tony spoke softly now. He gently tugged Steve's chin back up. "Look at me. This is okay. You're okay. This is...this is more than okay. Don't be ashamed." After a breath, he smirked again. "I cannot wait to fuck this up."
he thought drolly as he easily opened his throat to take Tony all the way down. Tony let out a strangled moan above him. "Fuck, Steve," he panted, "so close, fuck, Steve, gonna come." He was babbling now, almost incoherent. "So good oh fuck, so pretty  for me."
Stef narrowed her eyes, evaluating the girl in front of her as her eyes adjusted.  "Stark? Toni Stark? What are you doing in a closet? Shouldn't you be out smoking or something?"
The day was torture. He took three runs that day, exhausting him temporarily. Even on his runs, though, he found himself thinking back to the note. He could see the smirk on Tony's face and the sparkle in his eyes as he wrote it in his messy engineer's script. He wanted the hands that so carefully wrote that note on his skin. He wanted the heat of those hands, travelling down his body, exploring every inch of him.
"Hey, no, don't do that." Tony's voice was kind and gentle; the teasing edge had faded away. Tony shifted and pressed his hands to Steve's cheeks, lifting his face to look at him. Steve's eyes stayed down and to the left, avoidant. "Hey," he whispered, "Steve. Look at me." An encouraging smile lit his face as Steve finally, hesitantly, met his eyes.
When the door opened, Toni instinctually shoved herself further back against the wall and tried to hide. This was HER closet. It was way in the back of campus, hidden in a small alcove. Over the last three years, she had yet to be bothered once. And yet…
That is, until Stef bumped into her in the janitor's closet.
A throat cleared behind him. He jumped and spun on his heel. Tony was standing there, hair going in every direction, holding a mug of coffee. "Hey, Cap," he said, in a lazy drawl. "Turn around again."
Stef's head whipped around. "What? You're not a...a….that." Her face showed shock mixed with...sadness? And that fiery anger was back, simmering behind it all.
"Thank you, JARVIS," he choked out, "I'll be ready." By 7:50, he'd chosen a nice shade of blue-toned red. He thought it would be too much at first but he wanted to give that contrast for Tony.  He imagined the red smearing across his face, intentionally avoiding setting spray and powder in favor of letting the makeup sit without it.
Awoke upon a dusky morn
Steve's eyes widened, his jaw dropped, and his thoughts ground to a firm halt. He opened and closed his mouth a few times, fish-like, before emitting a single expletive that was most definitely not a squeak. He felt his ears, face, and neck begin to burn and knew he was turning a red to rival the stripes on his costume.
Stef slid down the door and back into her spot, not removing Toni's hand. She was silent, flushed red as she nervously moved her hand in a rhythmic pattern to calm herself.
Standing, side by side,
"Gonna mess up all that pretty makeup of yours," Tony said as he slid off his belt. "Gonna ruin all that hard work you put in for me." His hand was once again on Steve's shoulder as he slid his pants down. Steve noted, amused, that Tony of course had foregone underwear.
At 8, a knock came on his door. He had fidgeted over deciding on whether to sit or stand with his little remaining time. He decided, finally, on standing near the door. He'd dressed up in a blue shirt and red-patterned tie, with the grey slacks that he knew were a little too small and accentuated his ass just right. He hoped that he'd chosen correctly.
At first, he was terrified. Who had found out? Who knew? His panic settled after a few moments and he decided to go through his very unexpected present. In the bag was a collection of makeup - mascara, blush, a few different colors of eyeliner, and a bright red lipstick. Bold, he thought, but he might just try it.
"Yes, Tony. I like you." It felt good to verbalise it. He'd been nursing a fondness for Tony from the beginning. Even though they butted heads, Steve couldn't help but be attracted to the bratty, gorgeous man in front of him. "I have for a while."
He jumped as a hand joined his at his cheek. His eyes flew open and he jerked his head to the side. Tony didn't flinch. His hand remained beside Steve's, gently tracing his cheekbone. His expression was one of wonder. Steve found himself staring back - even with cuts on his cheek and a bruise blooming on his brow, Tony was stunning.
Steve couldn't imagine how he looked, red smeared across the lower half of his face. Tony was breathing harder as he pulled back to stare at him. He felt a hand on his shoulder. "Kneel," Tony said, voice hard.
The ding of the elevator made him jump as he was ripped out of his thoughts. All he had to do now was walk down the hallway to Stark's lab. He found putting one foot in front of the other was difficult. He didn't know why he was feeling so much dread. Was it the thought that maybe he had been taunting him? Or was it the fear that maybe that night on the couch meant nothing, and that Tony had called him here to reject him?
Toni was shocked. "Pure Stef Rogers, cursing? Golly gee gosh, I never! Since when does the paragon of purity curse?"
He hadn't really meant to get back into it. He'd gone to the large, warehouse-sized mega store for shampoo and ended up strolling through makeup aisles. His sense of direction was impeccable on missions yet he always seemed to get himself lost in stores. The future was confusing. Stark had offered numerous times to simply order the things Steve needed. but the preferred to go out and buy them himself.
Their eyes connected for a moment. Both of their minds were now fractured, schemas completely broken, but slowly coming back together. Toni interlaced their fingers and looked back up at Stef.
"If she hasn't already. She may have known before we did. That woman is terrifying." Steve nodded in agreement. "Either way," Tony smiled, "I'm just happy we want the same thing."
Tony looked at him as though he was analyzing him. "Yeah, sure, like I believe that. You never said anything."
He finished the eyes around 7, having removed and redone them more times than he could count. He frowned as he applied foundation, blush, and contour. This was far more than he'd ever put on before but Tony had been explicit. He wanted to mess up his makeup and damnit, Steve was going to give him a lot to mess up.
Tony stood and pulled Steve up with him, leading them to the bed. Steve's pants were off before he knew it, Tony leaning between his legs and
"...No," she sighed, looking timid. "It's because of why they were bullying him. They kept yelling 'faggot'. I don't understand." She had begun to cry again. "Why does that matter? Why did they jump him for that? There's nothing," she choked a bit, "nothing wrong with that."
As they trudge forward and fight
Her easy, lopsided smile made Toni's stomach flutter. She'd do anything for that smile.
Stef moved to stand. Her heart was racing. She was absolutely terrified. The last thing she needed was knowing that her crush hated her. Her thoughts were loud and clashing, drowning out the buzz of the world around her. She stumbled a bit and leaned against the wall.
The Engineer and the Artist
True love’s manifestation
Toni preferred sex. She preferred a hard, fast relationship that left feelings out of the equation. She loved those relationships that left her feeling used and broken but left her emotions intact. Toni didn't believe in love - only pleasure and a strange form of self-flagellation. She was broken inside and she knew it. She was damaged goods and she treated herself as such. She knew she didn't deserve love; that she wasn't good enough.
And then, he'd leave with a wink and an infuriating smirk on his face.
The Genius and his Protege
Toni laughed again. "Calm down, killer. That's a long list of people bigger than you are. Your lip is already bleeding." Before she could think about it, she reached out and rubbed her thumb across the cut on Stef's lip.
They could conjure smiles from thin air
So Steve did. He loved the weight of Tony's cock on his tongue, the taste of him. He had never been so hard in his life. He felt himself moan around Tony as he thrust a little bit.
This one is where we get into the heavier stuff, finally. This is going from fluff to smut really fast, y'all, get ready.
Steve jerked as he felt a hand on his shoulder. "What," he squeaked, "uhm, no, wh - I, um...." He snapped his mouth shut and his blush burned impossibly brighter. He took a deep breath to steady himself before trying again. "It's just...it's silly, but I find it comforting. I just..." Steve closed his mouth and looked down at his hands, fighting with embarassment and a pressing urge to run.
Toni never thought she'd even be on Stef's radar. Stef had this good girl, studious vibe right up until someone pissed her off. Then she was fire and righteous anger. She had this sense of justice and morality bordering on vigilantism that made Toni go weak at the knees. Toni, though, with a shaved and dyed faux-hawk, piercings, tattoos, and studded collars, felt she was just background noise in Stef's life.
Steve took one more steadying breath before he knocked at the door. JARVIS greeted him jovially. "Mr. Stark has been waiting for you. Please, come in."
Toni wrinkled her nose. "Contrary to popular belief, I don't smoke. Thank you very much. Shouldn't you be out fighting people way too big for you?"
Toni chuckled. "You are the biggest nerd I have ever seen, Rogers." This time the following silence was comfortable despite the cloying heat in the closet.
He was agonizing over a lipstick choice when a chime came from the ceiling.
Tony had been riling him up on purpose. He'd run his hands over his body. He'd kiss him senseless.
Steve snickered. "We should take bets on how long it'll take Nat to figure it out."
Steve gave him a look. "Neither did you."
Stef reached out and grabbed her hand. She brought it back to her face and kissed it. "You don't know that." Her lopsided smile was back, her voice shy and timid. After a moment she released Toni's hand and dropped hers to her lap, looking completely mortified. She shrank into herself. "...I'm sorry, shit, I'm so sorry. Of course you don't like me," she stuttered, "I'm nowhere near your type."
"A state-of-the-art makeup vanity. I got you a chair, too, but that's just boring to display. It's just a chair, you know, this can actually help you, you'll have a place to put on your makeup and stuff. There's a bunch of drawers." A drawer popped open as if on command. "That little machine there washes your brushes for you." Another drawer popped open. "That one is a lazy Susan where you can store your brushes." It slid out from the drawer, revealing that there were in fact two in there. "Well, two. I'm sure that's enough space to store brushes. I don't know how many you need." A part of the table popped up to reveal what looked like a cup. "That's to set your brushes in when you're using them so they're easy to grab. It all wipes clean really easily, too. I made sure to put a hydrophobic coating on it so you won't be able to stain anything."
"So," Stef said, startling Toni out of her relaxation, "are we going to talk about why we were both crying, or…?"
Tony pressed his thumb to Steve's mouth and slid it across his cheek. He pressed his thumb to Steve's lips and he found himself opening as if on instinct. His tongue lathed its way around Tony's finger as he watched his pupils become blown. "Fuck, you're so good," he mumbled, sliding his thumb down across Steve's chin.
"...checkmate, I guess."
His expression crooked into a grin and he muttered "beautiful," before pressing his lips to Steve's. He began to pull back after he realised Steve wasn't kissing him back. He steeled himself to smile, apologize, blame it on the adrenaline that had worn off hours ago. He only got an inch away before a hand on the back of his neck was pulling him back, crushing their lips together again. Tony let out a muffled noise of surprise and dropped a hand to rest over Steve's heart, kissing him for all that he was worth.
Toni frowned and rubbed at her makeup, giving up when her hand came away stained black. "Do we have to?"
Teetering on the edge of Creation
Toni cleared her throat. "Hey...it's okay," she started. She stopped. What the hell could she even say?
"I don't like being laughed at! I'm trying to be serious here!" Tony was...pouting. It was adorable. He looked like a sad puppy, lip jutting out and hair all tousled. Steve just smiled and wiped the tears from his eyes from how hard he had been laughing.
At 6:20, he finally managed to find a look he wanted to try. It was a smokey eye, done with browns along the edges and filled in the center with a vibrant, metallic blue. It was outside what he normally attempted, the dramatic winged black eyeliner concerning to him. He knew that things came easily to him as an artist, but he found his face as a canvas far more difficult than he'd thought.
"So...so you're not kidding?" Toni whispered, breathless. Stef shook her head, blushing and grinning.
the AI said, sounding almost apologetic,
Stef didn't move away or shrug off Toni's hand. She seemed to relax and lean into her. "It's 2019," she said, fire in her eyes, "how is this still happening?" She paused. Then, softer, "does this happen to you?"
Stef grabbed her hand. "Not messing with you. Toni...I….I like you. I never talk to you because I never thought...why would you even look at someone like me?" She let out a self-deprecating laugh and looked away. "I figured
And make all things well
They stood in silence for a while. Steve felt awkward as he stared at the man in front of him. "So," he said, breaking the uncomfortable silence, "what now?"
Toni knew three things in her life. One: she couldn't wait to get out of this town and go to college. Two: she was inexplicably, incredibly, hella gay. And three: she'd fallen hard as hell for Stef Rogers and she didn't know how. Straight girls, of course, were supposed to be off limits.
Toni sighed. "Preaching to the choir here, bud." She finally stood and headed towards Stef, sitting down a couple of feet away and putting an awkward hand on her shoulder. "This is my life."
Toni decided to take a chance. She grabbed Stef's wrist gently and - quietly, trembling - she whispered, "stay." Her eyes were downcast, lip ring worrying between her teeth. She was expecting Stef to rip her wrist away and leave. Maybe she was pranking her, or picking on her. It seemed so out of character but that was the only way it made any sense. She was terrified. She felt the tension in Stef's arm and waited.
He took a deep breath and continued. “I didn’t even have money to pay for the service. I had to sell every single painting I’d ever made along with all of my art supplies to get some money. I sold almost every single thing in our house that could fetch some money just so I could bury my mom. That’s all I could give her. When I stood at her grave, all I could think was that it should have been me instead. The sickly kid who had nothing useful to offer the world.”
“What?” Steve asked.
“Okay okay, fine. Stop whining. It's unbecoming of your advanced age.”
“You know the offer still stands,” Steve said, giving her a meaningful look.
Before Steve could answer they were greeted with shouts of “Steve!” as they entered what seemed to be the playroom. He smiled and watched as half a dozen kids ranging from 4 to 10 years of age ran upto Steve and started trying to climb him like a jungle gym while he laughed and let them. A couple of kids hung back, looking over at them warily. Tony guessed that these were the ones who had been admitted more recently and thus had not met Steve, who seemed to have given up on dislodging the kid who had climbed on his back and was now greeting all the kids with a hug. Tony scanned the room, taking in the small colourful tables and chairs arranged throughout the room along with toys strewn all over the place. His eyes landed on a little girl with one arm in a sling playing with Legos who kept glancing at Steve and his bunch of kids as though hoping for a hug but too shy to ask. And honestly it was a weird day when Tony could relate to a 6 year old. He made his way over to her and sat down groaning theatrically as he accidentally sat on a lego piece. The little girl giggled, her two front teeth missing.
The Artist and the Engineer
He did and he felt his jaw dropping. Where there had been nothing before, there was now a beautiful table. It seemed to be all wood and reminded him strongly of the furniture he'd seen in the nicer areas back in the 40's. It had a collection of drawers underneath it. As he watched, a screen slid up from it. He saw himself in it and startled again as bright lights came on, showing him his reflection.
Toni was taken aback. She admitted to herself that she had been afraid Stef might be a bit homophobic. She did, after all, hold very strong morals. Toni would be the first to admit she didn't know the girl that well. She felt a warmth swell within her at the realization that she wasn't. It felt a lot like hope. Toni hurriedly shoved it back down.
Toni sniffed in indignation. "YOUR closet? I'll have you know I've been crying here since Freshman year, honey. I claimed this Cry Closet, why are YOU here?"
Steve found himself being shoved against a wall. Tony's mouth was on his before he knew it. As he pulled back for a second, Steve saw the red lipstick across his lips as well and moaned. This shouldn't be so hot, he thought, but here the fuck they were. Tony had a grip on his shoulder and his waist, fingers digging in as he pressed their lips together again.
Tony pulled back eventually. They did have to breathe sometime. He looked into Steve's eyes and his brow creased with worry. "Shit," he muttered, "I didn't even ask before I kissed you. I'm sorry. You probably don't want this. Maybe you're not even gay - er- bi, I'm sorry." He tried to pull away.
Tony startled and leaned back a bit. He blinked, seeming confused for a moment, before allowing his face to settle into a leer. "Oh," he breathed, "I just think that Captain America looks fantastic with makeup." His lips settled into a filthy grin as he took in Steve's expression, which went from confusion to panic in an instant.
Toni swallowed and looked away. "Whatever. You first. Why were you, the avenger of all injustices, crying?"
Stef turned to her, eyes wide and jaw tight. "Have they hit you? Are they here? Who was it? What are their names?" There was a look to her at that moment - a deep, intense determination that shook Toni to her core.
After his run and his shower, he decided against wearing makeup lest another member of the team saw him on his way down. Too risky.  He felt himself shiver once, sharply, and swallowed hard. There was nothing to be scared of, he told himself. It was just Stark. Yet, his heart was pounding again and his thoughts were racing.
Steve felt a wave of anxiety rush over him and he swallowed past the lump in his throat.
That broke the tension. Toni gasped and broke into a high-pitched giggle which set Stef off as well. They both doubled over, laughing earnestly. "Fu-fuck you, Rogers," Toni gasped, "you look like a wet fucking cat."
His worries ceased once he caught sight of Tony. He felt his jaw begin to drop. Tony was resplendent. He'd worn nice, black jeans with a fiery red shirt and a metallic gold tie. He'd seen Steve eyeing the suit and caught him more than once working on colorful renditions of it. He knew that the colors would work well on him. Tony, of course, was smirking.
"Yeah, but that happens every week. Did you break a hand or something?"
Toni frowned. "Yeah, I am. I like chicks. If they can call me that, so can I. Fuck them. I'll take that word back. Yeah, I'm a dyke."
"Yeah, me too." Steve walked to Tony and put an arm around his waist again. He bent to kiss him.
There was another brief silence as Stef looked at her, seemingly coming to some sort of decision.
It wasn't even like Stef was Toni's usual type. She liked rebels like herself. While Toni wasn't exactly picky - she had earned a reputation through high school as a complete slut and wore that badge with pride - she tended to avoid the innocent, pretty girls with long blonde hair. She tended to avoid the quiet, bookish, kind girls. She tended to avoid the straight girls who would only break her heart.
Stef huffed out a laugh. "Why not? We're here. We're both a mess. Might as well."
The next morning, there was no gift. There was, however, a note. Your present today is in my lab. Subtle, concise, clearly Stark. Steve heaved a sigh of relief - of course it was Stark. Nobody else knew. He was safe. He thought about it on his run. What could this all mean? Was stark taunting him? Should he wear makeup down to the lab to see how he would react?
Cog that settles with a gentle push
"Who...what are you doing in my closet?" Stef choked out, heart racing at the thought of being caught showing weakness.
Steve Rogers had gotten used to makeup. It had been a necessary part of his life back when he was doing shows for the USO; costume, hair, makeup, punch Hitler in the face - the usual. He'd stopped, of course, when he actually went to war. Makeup tended to run in the trenches.
“You stupid child! Get me out of this immediately,” Mr. Bassett spits, “I will sue you for this.”
“No, I’m not drinking. I don’t want any,” Rhodey exclaims.
“You want to know what happened in Afghanistan, Obie?” Tony yells. He painfully and with difficulty twists out of Obie’s grip and rips open his shirt to expose the arc reactor. “I almost died! And I had to put this in me to keep myself alive!”
“You better have a good reason to stop kissing me right now baby,” Tony complained as Steve pulled back after a while to just stare at Tony.
“Nope,” Tony replied, smirking. “Karl here has quite the eye for design and Sasha is a solid engineer. I should just get these two to build the next Stark Industries office. I can probably pay them in candy,” he said as Sasha giggled and even Karl gave him a shy smile.
Steve woke up to a dry mouth and Natasha sitting by his bedside, shaping her nails with a very sharp knife. Tony was slumped over on his other side fast asleep, his hand still clutched in Steve’s. The sun had set and he could see the dark sky through the windows.
“Hey. Look at me. What’s her name?” Steve asked.
“Jarvis please let Tony know I’m going out on a SHIELD mission.”
“As far as the thing with money - I just wanted to spoil you baby. Because you deserve to be spoiled and cared for and loved. But I understand where you’re coming from now. We can set a budget for gifts if you want. It will physically pain me to stick to a budget, but I’d do it for you.
“Why what?”
“I don’t think Bruce would appreciate being included in your list.”
“Well as much as you would like to think so, you don’t know everything. And sometimes you can be really dense about things right in front of you.” Steve said as he half dragged Tony to the elevator.
“Nothing. Natasha was right. You really don’t know,” Steve replied, shaking his head, sadly.
“Wait a minute, what are you trying to say here Steve? I didn’t just throw away money on some random shit. I bought my boyfriend something I thought he would like as a gift. Apparently that isn’t allowed anymore. Jesus Christ if you don’t want it so much just give it away to somebody. I don’t give a damn,” Tony said.
“I take it the mission went well then,” a familiar voice echoed over the comms.
Tony immediately picked up the glass of water at Steve’s bedside and elevated the bed slightly with the push of a button so Steve could have a drink. The water brought some much needed coolness to Steve’s parched throat and he felt marginally better.
“I mean, I personally prefer to be called hot, but I guess I’ll take what I can get,” Tony sighed and Steve laughed. Tony had always been able to make him laugh and smile when it seemed like he had forgotten how to.
“Oh do I now?” Tony asked, raising an eyebrow. “You seem to be quite the observant man Captain Rogers.”
“Come here you,” he gestured to Steve to lean forward a little and kissed him. Tony tasted like warmth and home and Steve relaxed into it.
“Am I still listening to you moaning about how much you’re in love with Captain America for the five hundredth time?” Rhodey asked, his voice sounding tinny over the phone line.
“I’ll make sure to send you a video of his reaction when he opens it,” Rhonda assured them. “Thank you so much, both of you. He’s usually such a brave little boy but today’s news just hit him so hard. We had plans for a big combined Christmas and homecoming party for him but it looks like we might have to postpone that for a bit. I was having such a hard time convincing him to do anything today but you guys cheered him up and even got him to eat something. I can’t thank you enough.”
He took a couple deep breaths and he centred himself as he collected his shield. He had a job to do. That was the one thing he knew he was good at. He needed to focus on that.
“Wait, I thought you already finished your Christmas shopping,” Tony said, groaning as he let Steve help him stand.
Tony’s eyes widened.
“Jesus Steve for a man so tall you sure know how to sneak up on people,” Tony said, as he clutched his heart dramatically. “Someday you’re going to be the death of me Steve you know I have a weak heart,” Tony continued.
Nick’s eyes were glued to the screen, fascinated by the bots and Steve nudged him to eat a little more as Tony introduced him to the bots and regaled him with stories of their various mishaps in the workshop.
“It kind of comes with the job you know. Can’t help but notice,” Steve shrugged.
a big deal Tony. At least to me it is. How could you even spend so much on something like this?” He knew the moment he said it that it was the wrong thing to say.
Tony's fingers still on the phone. "Really?" he asks, frowning at him.
Steve steadily goes red. "How'd you get from Bucky to that?" he asks.
Okay. What. "Right," Steve says faintly.
“I answered a sketchy Craigslist ad,” Steve says dryly. “You might have to try harder than that.”
“Fuck off,” Tony says, laughing again. “Alright, I’m here. Do you want me to come up, or…?”
Steve considers it for all of five seconds before he says, “Yeah, okay. Five minutes. Let me know when you’re here.”
Steve grins, biting his lip. "Yeah?" he asks.
Steve laughs, feeling himself go red. Over a call with a stranger, what the fuck. "I thought I didn't match up on camera."
"This. They're all gonna think you're the one with the profile," Tony says. "You're prettier than me."
He finally gets a call eighteen hours later (he’d be impressed by the amount of sleep, but then he remembers Tony talking about how he hasn’t slept in a week).
“Okay, here's serious. My old man had a philosophy, ‘Peace means having a bigger stick than the other guy.’” Tony drolls on as he walks back up to Peter’s bedroom.
Tony can’t help the small smile the started to grow on his face. His boys were all as stubborn as he was. So he lets it go and enjoys a meal with his family.
Of course. Tony doesn’t know if Obie was doing this to punish him for missing the award ceremony or if he really just did not care. Tony was leaning more towards the second option. Nonetheless, Tony knows the routine. He grabs a general NDA that he usually has lying around for one of Obie’s
“Wait! Give me a gun!” Tony exclaims. But the soldier is already gone.
They land in Afghanistan. Rhodey has slept off his intoxication, and if he is hungover, he makes no indication of it. (But he does throw Tony a dirty look, to which the Omega only responds with a sly grin.) Tony makes a bullshit speech about “the weapon you only have to fire once” and sprinkling in a mention or two of his father, again using a script prepared by Obie, and then he blows up the desert.
“It went great. Looks like it’s going to be an early Christmas.”
That’s not his problem, however. Tony can’t put the arc reactor in himself. He needs someone with more slender fingers. He knows just who to call.
Tony sits in that for a minute before his resolve turns steely. Why was he even considering giving up? He had to get back to his family. To Rhodey. To Pepper. To Happy. To Zeke. To Peter. To Harley. To Jamie. He had to get back home.
Work Title is from Northern Downpour
requires, including, occasionally, taking out the trash. Will that be all?” Pepper never lets the smile on her face waver, but Everhart’s drops instantaneously. Pepper directs the blonde to a bathroom where she can quickly get dressed, and Tony finally lets out the laughter he was holding. He loves Pepper tearing down Obie’s exploits.
Tony decides to make some of the boys’ favorites for dinner as a treat. He feels a bit guilty about locking them out of the workshop the last two months. He’s had to spend as much time as possible there when Obie isn’t around to get any work done on Mark II. And while he’s made sure to spend plenty of time with them outside of his work on the project, the Omega needs to make sure that they don’t feel neglected. So he starts a baked chicken Alfredo pasta for Zeke, dinosaur-shaped chicken nuggets for Peter and Harley, oven-baked chicken that he would cut up into small pieces for Jamie, and roasted vegetables that he would make sure they all ate.
Tony runs away from the fires and the sounds of guns being fired. He throws himself behind a rock, hoping it will give him some semblance of cover. He pulls out his phone and starts dialing.
“No, see, this isn’t a game,” Rhodey starts to lecture Tony, “You do not send civilian equipment into my active war zone. You understand that?”
Pepper smiles. “Yeah, you’re right.”
“She had a ‘mergency”
The Tesseract takes Alt!Steve (making that distinction now so it doesn't get confusing) to Manhattan.
“No.”
“Well, I’m not my company.” Tony stomps out to go find his Alpha, not looking back to see if Christine was following him.
“Oh Tony.” Pepper reaches out to hug the Omega. “We’ll figure it out.” As he holds on to one of his best friends, Tony sincerely hopes that that is true.
“Okay,” Pepper continues, “The MIT commencement speech…”
The man looks at him curiously, probably wondering why Steve is still there. “So,” Steve starts, “you’re the one who superglued our neighbor’s shoes to the floor.” Steve cringes internally; of course he did, everyone and their mother just saw the display in the very corridor they stood in.
“Of course, sir,” JARVIS remarks dryly, “however, the more you struggle, the more this is going to hurt.”
“You’ve really earned you title, haven’t you Merchant of Death? I just thought you had some morals, some limits.” Christine hands Tony a pile of photographs. “It’s a town called Gulmira. Heard of it?”
Yinsen looks at him with slight surprise. “Tell me about them.”
“Absolutely ridiculous. I don't paint.”
~*~*~*~*~
Obie is not home when Tony finally comes home from the gala, thankfully. Happy leaves once he’s seen that Tony has come back from the gala, waving Tony off as he apologizes again for asking the Alpha for last-minute babysitting. Tony checks to make sure all four of his kids have gone to sleep and is surprised to find Zeke still awake at 2:00am.
He stopped by the local smoke shop, browsing through the store before buying an “I Love NY” baseball cap and large, tinted sunglasses that reminded him of Tony, leaving him with just enough money for a subway ride. It wasn’t a perfect disguise, but Steve hoped that despite his large size, he passed enough as a tourist, glad that he wore jeans and a slightly loose-fitting T-shirt instead of tactical gear.
The vehicle in front of them is blown to pieces. They stop, and all but one of the soldiers in Tony's Hum-vee go out into combat. But then, even that soldier leaves as the fighting intensifies.
corner of E 84th Street and 3rd Avenue, however, a Starbucks stood where his beloved bakery was supposed to be. (God, a
“Are those bullet holes,” Pepper says, her voice going up an octave, “Tony, what the fuck?”
“I’m Tony. I’ve seen you around to. It’s hard to forget a man with the shoulder-to-waist ratio of a Dorito.” Steve blushes at that, even though he’s not sure if Tony is flirting with him.
The old Frenchman splutters, seemingly searching for some sort of retort. That’s when the elevator chimed and the resident of the apartment of topic came out. Steve immediately gets flustered at the sight of the gorgeous man. He may have a tiny crush, as much as anyone could have on someone they had never had a conversation with before. And it is a tiny crush, no matter what Bucky says.
Tony is very surprised to hear that his Alpha was home later that day. Obie probably wants to tell him about the board meeting. The Alpha is playing the piano when Tony has gotten to the living room, and Pepper is on the couch. “How did it go?” The Omega asked. There is a box of New York-style pizza on the table. “It went that bad, huh?”
Christine squints her eyes. “You have a lot of nerve showing up here tonight.”
“Peter. Harley,” Tony sobs as he clutches the two young boys against him, ignoring the ache of his muscles and bones and finally letting out the turmoil of emotions he has felt being away from his family. Looking up, Tony sees Zeke standing a few feet away, lip quivering as the boy tries to keep the tears at bay. “Why are you just standing there, kiddo?” Tony asks wetly. “Come over here.”
After the two move out of earshot from the children, Rhodey jumps directly into it. “You said they had your weapons. Explain.”
Steve didn’t know how he could get Tony to understand. He was no longer Captain America, hero and martyr of World War II. He was Commander Rogers, one of HYDRA’s best assets.
“Oh wow. Impressive,” Yinsen breathes out.
One second he was there and the next second he was gone.
“Calling Ms. Potts, sir.”
Of course, he wasn’t that lucky. “Wow. Tony Stane.”
“Just leave it on the screen! Stop telling me!” Just a little more, just a little bit more.
He looks around the camp. There are dozens of men, all heavily armed. They start to drag Tony in one direction. He sees a variety of weapons scattered in front of the entrance of the cave. They all have his name on them. Tony’s heart sinks.
“God, you need a new name for that.”
“Get yourself something nice from me.”
Immediately, Tony is grateful for the fact that Zeke has been kept late for his program and that Harley and Peter are both at sleepovers. Jamie is sleeping soundly upstairs in his room.
(See the end of the chapter for
The Beta hesitantly raises her hands as she walks towards Tony. “Oh wow. They are small. Very petite indeed. I just need your help for a sec.”
The reception is a blur. Obadiah and Tony greet people, make conversation, and take pictures. At one point Zeke is handed off to Tony, though the boy stays quiet for the whole hour that he is held by his stepmother before a caretaker whisks him away. After hours of socialization and networking, Tony is tired and ready to go home, though he knows that that is no longer possible.
This would hopefully buy him the next couple of months.
“What are you trying to get rid of me for? What, you got plans?”
The gorgeous man chuckles. “I actually used regular Gorilla Glue for that seeing as it wouldn’t touch your skin. There’s nothing I could do for you there. Your shoes are a lost cause, so why don’t you just slip out of them and go on your way.”
Tony is running his fingers soothingly through the hair of his nearly 8-year-old Omega son as he shivers in his sleep, recovering from a nasty stomach bug when he gets the call from Rhodey. Tony sighs. It was to be expected. He’s lucky it’s Rhodey and not Obie. Thank God it wasn’t Obie.
“Oh nice,” the man says casually, “It worked.”
“From Stane, I have a question to ask.”
are the one who fell for
Tony looks up to his best friend and nods. Then he directs his gaze to his eldest son. “Watch the little ones for me, Zeke. We will just be over there.”
Both Harley and Peter look up from what they’re doing. “Are you okay, Momma?”
Steve through open the door of the conference room, and the only two individuals in said room looked up in surprise. Steve took a moment to observe that Steve Rogers was the other occupant of the room, but he charged forward regardless.
“Hi From Stane. This is Christine Everhart with Vanity Fair magazine. I was wondering if I could ask you some questions. I was hoping to catch you at the award ceremony today. Imagine my surprise when they tell me that not only are you not there, you’re not even in
“I’m going to honest Zeke and tell you that the baby is going to take a lot of my time. Babies require a lot of care because they’re so small and can’t do anything by themselves. But that doesn’t mean I’m going to care for you less. And just because I’m not your bearer does not mean that I am going to love this baby more than you. Blood or no blood, Zeke, you are
He gets out of the Hum-vee. He’s not even sure where he is going, he just knows that he needs to get out. His ears are still ringing.
JARVIS doesn’t answer.
Technically, Tony lied to Zeke. He regrets being complacent the last decade of his life, leaving Obie to be able to sell his weapons on the black market. He may not have much say as an Omega, but Tony can’t help but believe that there’s something he could’ve done. Then maybe Gulmira could’ve been spared.
Once the train reached his desired station, Steve bolted out of the subway car, through the crowds of people, out of the station, and once again into the streets of Manhattan. He slowed down, so as not to seem suspicious, even though someone bolting through the street of New York may not even cause New Yorkers to bat an eye, despite the lack of running clothes. Even still, his pace made a 10-minute walk a 5-minute walk. Finally, Steve reached his destination, 200 Park Avenue, Stark Tower (because even with the singular “A,” it’s still
“Is it safe?”
“There was another captive there. He’s the one that performed surgery that saved my life in the cave. He helped me build this and the device that got me out of there. He sacrificed his life for mine. He helped me through my Heat, made sure our captors didn’t find out I was in one. It’s his.”
He carefully started applying ointment to the bruised knuckles though by this point the serum had kicked in and the colour had already started to fade a little.
Just as Steve was about to enter an almighty crash echoed as the top floor of the building collapsed and the whole structure started swaying dangerously. Screams echoed from all around him as people started running in the opposite direction as he darted towards the building.
“I’m not a kid, you can’t just bribe me with a milkshake Steve,” Tony spluttered. “And how do you even know where my favourite milkshake place is?”
“Oh come on. I saw you with the kids outside. They clearly love you. And with Nick just now. You’re clearly the kid-whisperer or something.”
“Okay but bring him back quickly,” she said and Steve promised he would.
