“I always say it was my karma,” she told him. “Not even a year after you were born, I met Daniel and now I have my own children. I used to visit sporatically when you were very little and wouldn’t remember me but both your parents and I agreed there was no sense in confusing you. But here you are-“
-call disconnected-
“Oh, we’re not- “Sherlock spluttered, for the first time in her life at a complete loss of what to say. “She’s just- we’re just friends.”
,” John swore as quietly as he could and Sherlock paused. He let his other hand fall on John’s exposed stomach, rubbing at it soothingly and sat silently until John put himself back together and nodded. “Okay, go on.”
The Bushwick High Young Feminist Club had been piled into Joan’s living room since ten that morning. No one knew exactly when the news would report on the ruling, so the TV hummed in the background as girls sat on couches and armchairs and gathered on the floor talking excitedly.
*phone call- 3 am*
“Don’t go,” John whimpered softly and Sherlock kissed his forehead.
I really am sorry I disappeared. I was visiting friends in Asia for two weeks and oddly enough, there were very few opportunities to write fanfiction ;). But don't worry, we're back now!
he’d whispered softly and Sherlock had let him hug him.
“I won’t go in a foster home,” John said, sitting next to him, hands gripping the stone edge hard. It wouldn’t even take a competent social worker to walk into his house and make that judgment call.
Joan sighed. “Alright. Let me shower first.”
Sherlock kisses him, in view of everyone, and Lily claps her chubby hands, giggling madly. “You were never broken,” Sherlock whispers in his ear, “just interesting.”
that is?”
Sherlock scoffed from his position on his bed. He was ashamed to realize he’d drawn his knees up to his chest, wrapping his arms around himself in a parody of a hug.
“Bloody hell,” John shook his head, following his slightly crazy friend out to the fair ground.
Cammy was surprisingly a warm conversationalist, nodding appropriately at Sherlock’s deductions of her, the others in the kitchen and even confirming a few wild guesses. Before she realized, she’d been in the kitchen nearly an hour and had finished her whole drink.
,” John told him. “We get one more summer.”
“I’ll see you Christmas,” John said softly, trying to keep himself from diving back into the warmth that was Sherlock’s mouth.
“Of course not! Sherlock love, you know I never laugh at you.”
Sherlock forced herself to consider it. It was just a meeting, after all. She sat through hundreds of classes where she disagreed with everything the teacher said without a word of protest. She sat through rain and fog and would probably, as November began to grow colder, sit through snow to watch Joan and the team play a ridiculous sport she had no interest in. She could do this. She could attend one goddamn meeting.
And Peter is oblivious, laughably oblivious, and John always wondered how Sherlock managed to notice that their teacher was having an affair by the stains on her coat but never realized how much time John spent just
He’d always done this, even when they lived back in the house she still mentally called ‘home.’ Back before he’d gone away to university and everything had fallen apart, he’d always come in to check on her before going to sleep himself.
“Alright, I need bug spray,” John said as they walked down the huge halls of items. “And food. God, camp food sucks.”
Irene look him up and down, stopping on his belt buckle a minute before finishing at his face.
He moved past it. “Pulse rate?”
“What’s-“ John tired but Sherlock silenced him with a hand over his mouth. The noise from onshore got louder and John realized it was a patrol, checking for any idiots who fancied a late-night dip.
Now it was his father’s turn to look uncomfortable, shifting slightly. “I only- forget it. I’m not doing this.”
from 1975.
“Bloody difficult” John muttered and followed a grinning Sherlock down the stairs and outside to where Lestrade stood awkwardly.
“But yeah, we will do something right?” John asks as Sherlock slams him against the counter, working at his neck, giving something for the women at the clinic to stare at.
Sherlock tells him he has a talent with words. John tells him he has a wonderful muse. Sherlock lets himself hope.
“Yes,” she said finally, trying hard not to regret this little slice of honesty. “Not like this, though.”
It was very odd to find herself not included in the moniker ‘private school asshole.’ “It would have made for some excellent entertainment at the very least,” she offered, fidgeting awkwardly with herself.  Out of the corner of her eye she saw Kelsie lean down to take the jaw of the girl between her legs in her own hands and the two began kissing slowly, almost methodically. Cammy made a noise and Sherlock spun back, blushing as she realized she’d been caught staring.
“Christ. I thought I was done with these, you know?”
“Mary Morstan,” she smiled back and shook.
“And yet you love me,” he reminded his doctor.
“Scared?” John asked, not quite following, as he picked up a sheet. It was a diagram of a chlorine piping system with explanations. He looked around and realized all the diagrams were of various parts of a pool, showing off its pluming, its water system, and even the log list of repairs from the specific pool they liked to frequent.
“Amazing,” he insisted and went back to his chicken, surprised at how edible it was.
John looked over to Sherlock’s mother, his pinkie locked with Sherlock’s under the table, their feet pushing teasingly at each other.
“Sherlock,” John called through the door, “are you alright?”
“Yes?” he asked, sleep heavy and bleary-eyes.
“I never said ‘I love you’ before you,” Sherlock confessed, trying valiantly to yank John’s tee off before the boy finally reached down to pull it off himself, tossing it somewhere in the grass.
“Not one record, babe. I’m taking a full-scale musical education,” Joan smirked as she set the needle down and the sound of drums and tambourines filled with small apartments. “Lesson one; The Mamas and the Papas.”
I’m honored I could play such an integral part.
And if anyone gives them weird looks when they return to the reception, flushed and a little wrinkled, they pointedly ignore them and feed each other wedding cake, smearing it on each other’s noses.
“Oh John,” Sherlock practically sobbed, his free hand coming up to cradle John’s face, tracing his cheek bones, and never in his life had he been so inarticulate. “I want- I need-“
Was it Roger Jefferson’s death? No, heart attack- simple enough. Georgia Palmer? No, obituary said it was illness but it was clearly domestic abuse- still, boring. Obvious. Was it Nina Gonzales? Suicide, leapt off a roof in the Bronx but there was zoning in that area- nothing built above four floors. Four floors are enough to kill, yes, but just barely- was that bothering her-
It all sort of bled together at the edges then. Joan licked and kissed at the core of her and Sherlock let herself get lost in the bass melody, and then in just the feel of it. After a few minutes, or possibly hours, Joan reached up with one hand and coaxed Sherlock to put her hands in Joan’s hair, which was soft and curling a bit at the nape of Joan’s neck where she was sweating. She rubbed her thumbs at the fragile skin behind Joan’s ears and when Joan moaned, Sherlock felt it all the way through herself.
“Let me-“ John asked, reaching up to pull down his jeans, and Sherlock’s hands stopped him, drawing down John’s trousers slowly, letting them scrape against the older boy’s erection as he moaned. He pulled off his pants, tossing them with the other clothes, before pausing.
“I got it, love. I-“
John’s ears were.
“Yeah. Little bit of a reprieve. Sorry I never replied to your email.”
Bastard, but John didn’t put it past him, especially not angry as he was. So he let the tiny figure of Sherlock Holmes recede from view until he looked down and realized he was shaking in the coming dark.
“Nearly,” Sherlock lied. “You didn’t say where your mother way this week.”
Warm and dry, Sherlock padded her way back to the apartment and found Joan at the small stove, something bubbling in front of her.
“You really are a kinky bastard.”
Sherlock loves it. “With pleasure.”
“For god’s sake, Sherlock. What’s going on?” he cries, slamming the cup down.
Sherlock had not expected that. “Fighting?” he repeated, and oh, how he abhorred repetition but the accusation nearly beggared belief. The twelve-year-old was staring resolutely down at the kitchen table as though wishing he could vanish, but John was unrelenting.
his legs tangled under the sheets and his hair damp from the shower.
“How are the boys?” John asks, leaning forward.
Sherlock shook his head, looking down uncomfortably. “No, I dorm at Eton.”
John moved to speak but Hamish cut him off. “Also Casey drew his mummy and his daddy and their dog Lila and his older sister Beth only Beth is stinky on account of how she won’t play with him cause she’s in secondary school and she has lots of homework but we have homework too like last night I had to do my vocabalary words with you and I still had time to play so Beth is a stinky liar we think.”
The ambulance lights were too bright and the sirens were too loud as Mycroft strode into a scene of utter chaos. Lestrade was in the center of it, yelling at seven different people and there were two stretchers being loaded in, two arms frantically grasping for each other. EMTs were rushing everywhere, there were coppers littering the small field, and Mycroft could just make out a man being shoved into a cop car in handcuffs. Pure disorder.
“Molly and Riley did,” Sherlock admitted, zipping up the tent behind him. John remembered the camp van pulling away right before dinner and being slightly put-out that Sherlock hadn’t said goodbye. “I managed to convince them to let me stay.”
“That is the point, isn’t it,” Sherlock snapped and moved to get up.
Room 408 was already busy by the time they got there, with Marcie and Kelsie by the front desk, organizing papers. Joan dropped her off at the back of the room with a quick squeeze and then bounded up to the front of the class. By the time she got there, she was a different Joan. No, that wasn’t quite right, Sherlock mused as she set herself down in a chair by the window. It was the same Joan just…unleashed. Unbridled. She got that way playing soccer too sometimes, a bit more manic behind the eyes, freer with her mouth. A force to be reckoned with.
“Permission denied,” he snipped but she kept following him, speaking anyway as he knew she would.
“How the hell could you let him go in without backup!” the inspector was shouting and someone, a constable maybe, was murmuring some version of an apology but Mycroft profoundly did not care.
out of you,” Moriarty snarled and Sherlock just laughed, loud and vicious and ridiculously proud of himself.
Tucked into the giant bed, Hamish was nearly lost; nothing more than a mop of curls in a sea of sheets. “I’m down the hall if you should need me,” he told the sleepy boy, who’d already begun to drift off. He moved to leave and paused at the doorway, glancing back. He opened his mouth, as though to say something, and then closed it, shutting the door behind him.
didn’t, but then he sucked, lightly, and John’s eyes blew open.
There was only one seat on the packed train, and Joan insisted Sherlock take it. They rattled through dark tunnels as Sherlock watching two parents on the train coo at their baby in his stroller, a punk fixing the laces on his shoe, a man in a tweed coat reading Robert Frost. Joan knew now, Sherlock thought to herself. Not everything, not even most of it, but she knew the core of it. All the work Sherlock had done to build this new version of herself was crumbled and broken around her. Joan had seen to the secret inside of her and had been so horrified she’d lied and tricked and manipulated them both to try and solve it.
It was a long hug, tight and intimate, before he pulled back so they could look at each other.
“Better,” Joan said and Sherlock could see the bright flush rising in her cheeks too, how alive she looked. “There we were marching so it felt like we were going somewhere. Lot more police response too. This is somewhat quieter, just like a little pre-election reminder.”
“What did he say?” John asked, voice soft.
“Is that all you’ll miss?” John grinned lewdly and Sherlock grinned back, letting go gently. John reached down to zip up his suitcase and then he took Sherlock’s hand, entwining their fingers, and the two made their way downstairs.
“Could you at least pretend to like it?” John grumbled, falling back down and Sherlock curled up beside him automatically. They’d never done this before, cuddled, and John couldn’t help but smile as he pulled the sleeping bag up around them like a blanket and let his arm cradle Sherlock’s waist, fingers on his sharp hipbone.
“I’m fine,” Sherlock said, cowed by his brother. They’d been close, once. Now they were a man in a suit and a boy who hardly recognized him. It felt sadder than it should have.
“It’s alright,” Sherlock said from the bed. “You can stay. I don’t mind.”
“Sorry,” she said back from her curled up position on the pink, overstuffed couch, looking up from her book.
For a while that was the extent of their interaction. They ignored each other velmently during the day and at night they ran for their lives. Sometimes they ran to the lake. Other times they ran to the woods, or to the property line, or to the highway. Sometimes they even spoke.
“You blame yourself.”
“No you didn’t,” he argued. “You tasted like cheap beer and honey. But you always taste like honey.”
And John adored telling stories. He would never call himself a writer, but he never used a book. All the stories he told were from his mind alone, and the kids drank them up like water. Yet another reason boys fought so hard for John Watson as a counselor.
John spared a glance at Sherlock, who was watching the whole exchange with a loving smile. John rather wanted to ravish the teen right there, but suppressed it painfully. “Right. So Oliver Cromes was being held over a shark tank-“
“What’s going on?” he demanded, coming down the stairs in his small blue dressing gown and firetruck jimjams.
“Get a room,” Harry groaned, turning away.
Sherlock was silent and John moved his hand away to find the man grinning wickedly at him. In three seconds John went from thinking about their son to thinking about Sherlock’s mouth, which would have been disturbing if he wasn’t rather desensitized to it by now.
“Wait,” he said softly, and his tone brought Sherlock back to earth. “Slowly.”
like legwork,” he complained and Harry stopped to push him.
He loves Ms. Hudson. He loves the stairs, all too many of them. He loves the living room, already a mess. He loves the skull on the mantle. He loves the kitchen. And he loves the downstairs bedroom, already made up. Sherlock tucks him in and hopes for the end of it. It’s only starting.
“Not even a little sore?” John checked, a bit put out, and Sherlock laughed.
“Who is Nando?” Sherlock asked, swinging himself by his thighs.
“Really?” he asked hopefully and John grinned, all feral and toothy.
“I think I’ll name him John,” Sherlock mused out loud as John handed him a corndog.
The bear was not remotely fazed and began glaring at John with the same ever-suffering look the boy was used to from Sherlock.
Mycroft was sitting by the dining room table, a few feet from the pervading sound of cartoon violence, when Anthea called him.
“Sherlock, I do not need those… pity stares from Donovan every few weeks,” John begged. He felt his heart constrict as the detective stared at him with those silver eyes, not a care in them.
“Come Chloe,” Sherlock beckoned and she looked up. “John will cook us dinner and then force us to watch a nonsensical movie about cats or some other furry creature. Does that sound acceptable?”
“What?” John asked, turning to face her. She leaned in close, making sure the younger campers couldn’t hear.
“It’s clear the boys missed each other,” Victoria smirked to Cynthia Watson.
“Thank you,” John smiles but the look Sherlock shoots him is one of utter disdain.
“Bit not good, love,” John recommended in a whisper. “Arguing with children and all that.”
The drawing was of a shaky stick man standing by what looked like a table with a box in the background that could have been a fridge. The damning part of the picture however was the very clear severed head resting on the table, complete with Xs for eyes and a stuck-out tongue.
“Don’t you say a fucking word,” Sherlock threatened, her voice hoarse and shot-to-hell from puking. “Not a fucking word, you hear me?”
“Didn’t think so,” John laughed softly, sitting down on the edge of the bed. There was a beat of silence as they stared at each other. Not twelve hours ago, Sherlock had been hovered above that face on all fours, watching it flush deliciously. Now, it was impassive. He couldn’t read John.
They ran in silence, their footfalls and scattered breathing the only noise, and John stayed a pace behind Sherlock, letting him lead the way. When they reached the lake, Sherlock stopped and he heard John sit down behind him, catching his breath. They waited a moment, each boy breathing deeply, before John spoke.
“I met
“Down by Mrs. Hudson,” Hamish informed him, scrambling up onto a kitchen chair, his short legs swinging beneath him. “He said he haded to talk to her about something ‘mportant.”
“Tell me Mycroft.”
Joan’s lips were soft and wet and they opened slightly to take Sherlock’s bottom lip between her own and there was the brush of teeth, the barest hint of tongue as they pressed their mouths close again and again, Joan’s thumb rubbing circles on the sides of Sherlock’s face, just in front of her ears, Sherlock’s hands clutching the soft fabric of Joan’s shirt, bunching it up around her hips. It felt almost innocent, this warm and intimate gift they were sharing.
“Told them I’d never gone camping before,” Sherlock shrugged, unconcerned with just how
“Daddies and Papas aren’t ‘posed to yell at each other,” Hamish clarified, as though his earlier ruling had been unclear.
“The staff was cleaning caramel off the ceiling for three days,” Mycroft pointed out and Hamish flushed. Mycroft backpedaled, unsure how to wipe that look from his nephew’s face. “We’ll try something simpler today. Chocolate soufflé?”
“You were never- he never would’ve-“ Sherlock struggled to explain how it was he who took John from his safe heterosexual lifestyle and threw him into
and it hung loose on him.
Cynthia’s face lit up and Sherlock could plainly see the similarities between her and her son. They wore their hearts on their faces, their expressions so open it staggered people sometimes. He had a feeling it often staggered Victoria.
“Go on,” he prompted.
“What do your parents think?” someone in the circle asked, and Siobhan quickly turned to them with a strong “No interrupting.” Sherlock shrugged, uncomfortable, but no answer was probably more suspicious than a partial answer, so she added,
“Of course,” Mycroft found himself agreeing immediately and John let out a sigh of relief.
“When?”
“Sherlock, there’s a bloody fridge in the corner,” John pointed out.
“That’s because dogs in London are a rarity,” Sherlock excused.
“Guhhmp,” Joan mumbled into her coffee, which Sherlock took as an encouraging sign and she took the stairs two at a time. All she needed was a case, small enough to be wrapped up in time for school tomorrow- Joan would never consent to missing a Monday lecture, not when she was already struggling in chemistry- but big enough to take up the whole day.
Jesus
“How do you know what I call them?” Hamish asked, surprised.
Mycroft was woefully unprepared for this. He desperately wanted to call Anthea but he had a feeling she would laugh at him and then he’d really have to fire her. And it was such a pain to hire new assistants these days. “I’m afraid I’m unfamiliar with the concept of a cuddle-pile,” he said finally, going with honestly.
When he tries to sleep he’s haunted by Sherlock’s shuddering sobs, coming over cracked and broken over the terrible connection. He looks for messages on stars and finds only silence. He feels like failure.
“This has gotta be one of the most proud moments of my life, I guarantee ya,” the marshmallow man was saying over the sound of crackle and static and Sherlock, just slightly, let her weight rest against Joan’s arm alongside hers. Before she could fully register it, Joan’s palm had snuck forward and captured her hand, weaving their fingers together.
John knocked on Sherlock’s door that next night, dressed in a new tee-shirt and jeans. Sherlock was standing in front of his closet in just his pants, desperately trying to figure out just what one
“Oh,” Hamish responded, caught off-guard, and John quickly turned to his husband.
“I have a toothbrush you may use,” he said finally, trying to remember if he in fact had an extra toothbrush upstairs in his medicine cabinet. “And you may borrow one of my pyjama shirts if you would like one.”
Sherlock had the good sense to pray the rest of the house wasn’t awake or at the very least very busy as he came embarrassingly loud, John’s name falling like a prayer from his lips.
“Don’t know why they need to be so public about it,” she bit off instead and Cammy handed her a cup with a knowing glance.
“Sherlock?” Joan called her back, squeezing her hand and Sherlock resurfaced with a slight gasp, the world around her swimming back into focus. The group was still chattering around them, having moved on to ideas of sit-ins here in New York in the meantime, but Joan only had her eyes on her. “You alright, babe, you looked a little lost. In your head again?”
John struggled up. “I know love, I know. I’d love to go camping. How bout you go back to sleep and wake me up in four hours and we’ll talk about it, okay?”
No. He couldn’t hate Sherlock. He couldn’t or Sherlock would- Damn Mycroft. He’d known this would happen. Damn him to hell.
“You swear significantly more when you’re aroused,” Sherlock observed as he slicked himself up and tugged on a condom he’d pulled from his back pocket,
“Sherlock,” John started and then stopped, taking a breath. “Sherlock,” he tried again and Sherlock looked at him full on, unflicnhing. “I will never leave you, you know that.”
“Yes baby,” he smiled and together they set to cutting out twenty-two paper hearts.
“He’s a big bear,” Sherlock noted and John turned to kiss him, quickly and without any frills.
Also, do we actually have a real updating schedule? Best not make it official; that's when it'd go wrong, naturally.
“I had an idea, I had to find out if I was right,” Sherlock shrugged. “It was a rush.”
“See, I don’t think you actually understood-“ he tried but at that moment the doorbell rang and it was all a little too late.
“I would fuck you, right here, right now,” John growls, knee coming up to rub painfully against Sherlock’s growing erection.
“You’re hesitating on your left leg and you’re pushing the bag instead of punching it,” Sherlock noted breezily, still not looking at him. “Your snapping punch is weak in the right elbow and you’re never weak in the elbow. And you keep looking at me. So are you going to tell me what you’re scared to ask or do I need to deduce that too?”
“What?” John asked a bit stupidly as Sherlock’s eyes traveled down his body, taking in his shirtlessness, his tan, and the general
Hamish nearly started glowing. “I couldn’t agree more! So your house, Tuesday night?”
“Right, yes,” she nodded. “Well, Hamish has been turning in some…questionable art projects. I’m sure once I show them to you, you’ll explain them and all this will just prove to be a big misunderstanding,” she smiled awkwardly at that point, “but we just want to make sure everything’s alright.”
“That actually explains so much,” John mused and then seemed to regain focus. “But that is not the point. The point is we are not giving Hamish a baby for Christmas.”
“I assumed,” Sherlock said. “But I had no proof. Mycroft always denied everything.”
“I am still furious at you for yesterday,” she said and Joan’s face changed at once, becoming serious and concerned and fully present.
“Hi, I’m the counselor for B221,” John said, coming in and the boy looked up. He had the most unusual eyes John had ever seen, grey and unfathomable. “John Watson.”
Sherlock gagged suddenly and John managed to choke out, “Thumb. Squeeze your left thumb,” and Sherlock did, humming in surprise as he suppressed his gag reflex.
“If you need anything, find someone who cares,” he said quickly and closed the door to his room, his head still swimming. He need to process this. But first, he needed to check his temperature.
He was silent again, not looking at anything more than the setting sun. “Perhaps it’s good you’re going to the army,” he said solemnly. “You’ll learn how to kill a man.”
“Papa, don’t go!” Hamish cried out pitifully and John froze. “You can’t leave cause if you do the monster under my bed is gonna eat me!”
fuzzy and Mary was a bit
“Right, of course, Joan! You and your friends were so incredibly helpful. It’s so good to see you again,” Shulamith said warmly. “Who are you here with?”
“Because you’re driving him mad, my little angel,” John said seriously, ruffling his son’s hair. “Are you boys hungry?”
Chloe looked ready to collapse and as soon as she’d drank a little of the tea, John led both children up to bed. Chloe looked at the comfy sheets, surprised, before clambering in and tucking herself into the piles. She looked ready to drop off but Hamish carefully selected a bear from his collection of stuffed creatures and handed it to her.
“At least illness hasn’t made him any less talkative,” Sherlock noted, coming back into the bedroom. He handed John the thermometer and John rubbed Hamish’s back.
“Papa!” he cheered, running to hug John’s knees. “I won the egg race in class! That means I get to be in sports day! Julie Samuels is also gonna be in sports day with me only she’s gonna do the 5 mushrooms race. I tried that one only she ran faster than I did on account of how her legs are longer than mine and also her daddy bought her fancy running trainers.”
“I can’t even imagine how many you’ll get when you graduate.”
“I’d kill him,” Joan whispered, with such malice in her voice that Sherlock looked back up.
“Sherlock, he’s my son,” she says carefully.
Sherlock blinked at her, her own skin suddenly flushed as well. “I don’t stay late to watch you all kick a ball around for two hours. I’m just waiting for you.”
“Okay,” Hamish grinned, all teeth. It was too adorable for any morning, a small warm creature smiling up at him like he was the sun.
“Little brat drew me shorter than him,” John gasped, and Sherlock snickered besides him.
“Oh yes, yes Joan, you are luminous,” she praised, smiling wide and genuine. “It means that we are going to get this xerox machine to work as quietly as we can and then, we have a meeting with our dearest principal tomorrow.”
“John, you’re scaring me,” Sherlock whimpered and then John’s knee came up to nestle between Sherlock’s legs and Sherlock was profoundly
“I don’t need-“
“Mycroft went to college,” Sherlock explained, her voice steady despite itself. It felt like she was talking from across a vast ocean, Joan her only anchor to the present. “We’re all quite clever. My father had always been…too affectionate with me, but he would never have dared with Mycroft in the house. He knew my brother would spot it right away. Mycroft really was the only person my father was afraid of.”
“Shouldn’t be too hard, hair like that,” Mike laughed.
“Might be best,” John agreed and then was immediately distracted by Julius, who’d managed to get an angry-looking gash down his leg before the day had even started.
And with a kiss to Sherlock’s cheek, she bounded down the stairs and into the waiting mouth of Mary, giggling as she took the cigarette from her.
At seventeen-years-old, John had been a counselor at Camp Baker only once before, last year, for the youngest group or the third graders, a few of whom were in his bunk now. And yet, he was one of the most popular staff members.  It didn't hurt how much he actually loved his boys, crazy and in this case lazy, as they were.
“You’ve been nice to me for the past two days. You invited me to shop with you, you approached me at the bonfire, I’m asking what you want from me,” Sherlock said, the very picture of unconcerned.
“Three o’clock,” Sherlock said, face impassive and John turned to see a couple walking down the street.
With a grin, Hamish hung up the phone and slipped it back in his trouser pockets. He was remarkably glad he hadn’t ended up getting kidnapped; this was his only clean school uniform at the moment and there was no way his parents were doing laundry before Thursday. He needed this shirt dirt and blood free.
“Wedding ring, never washed- but you’re a clean man. State of your marriage right there. There’s dried milk on your sweater and mud around the knees of your pants so toddler and infant- obviously. Dog hairs on the cuffs of your pants and shoes, small dog- poorly trained. And as for the sex- you just ooze sexual frustration,” Sherlock said, his face impassive. “Now do you want my letter or not?”
“I’m over by Linden,” Joan exchanged. “What’s her name, maybe we know her?”
grateful,” he murmured, his teeth on John’s ear, as his hands settled and John gasped.
“It was a mistake,” Sherlock explained, trying to be gentle. “One I regret until this day. And one I wanted to spare you from.”
Sherlock paused and John’s hands came up gently to unbutton Sherlock’s shirt. “We’ll have plenty of chances to do this fast,” he promised, working on the buttons. “This time we go slow.”
“Shhh,” his Papa whispered, rubbing his back. “You’re nice and safe now. Daddy and I were so worried about you.”
John honestly could not believe his ears. He knew Sherlock was mysterious, a bit cool, and the newfound interest of every girl counselor in camp. But right now to John, all he was was sad.
“Dear god, I know.”
“Hush,” John laughed into Sherlock’s open mouth, peeling him apart with his tongue, Sherlock raising his head to meet John’s lips, stealing kisses where he could. “They’ll hear you.”
“I’m sure you’re starving,” she said, not looking up as Sherlock closed the door behind herself. “I’m hungry enough for both of us at least. Soup okay?”
“Not that,” Hamish brushed off and Sherlock turned to watch him. “It’s too beautiful a piece to never be played. Depriving someone of hearing this- that’s sad.”
“It is,” John smiled at him and that smile was worth all the pains in his arms. “I’m just surprised is all. You don’t do romantic things.”
Sherlock blinked.
he asked, when she finally stopped retching, and once she realized what he meant, she laughed and laughed until Mycroft’s face turned from angry, to scared, to horrified.
“We’re here,” John said, jarring him out of his thoughts, as he pulled up in front of a larger house. The lights were all on and music spilled out into the street with kids John’s age talking and laughing, cups in their hands. Sherlock finally noticed that John looked nervous and remembered. Unidentified Dad thing.
“Now I look like you, Uncle Mycroft!” he cheered and Mycroft couldn’t help the smile that quirked at the edges of his mouth. Wordlessly, he let the boy take his hand again and led him to the marble bathroom. There was indeed a new toothbrush in the medicine cabinet and Mycroft pulled in a chair from the study down the hall for Hamish to stand on as he brushed his teeth over the sink. He watched him carefully, making sure the boy did not swallow any of the quite fluorinated toothpaste and made sure he rinsed twice.
“Well the term is a little cliché,” John agreed. “But I certainly like the idea of you not snogging anyone else.”
“Mycroft?” John Watson demanded and Mycroft felt something inside him relax that he hadn’t realized was tensed at the sound of his brother-in-law’s voice.
The run to the lake was so heartbreakingly engraved in the soles of their feet it took them only minutes, crashing down on the very spot John had first asked Sherlock to the party that had started it all. They were on the ground only seconds before John rolled on top of Sherlock, straddling him tightly between his thighs.
“Sherlock!” he screams and it disappears into the cold, unforgiving night. He feels the cold metal in his hands, pulls it out, looks at it.
“Well, there’s nothing to eat anyway,” Sherlock groaned, falling back. “Chef’s day off.”
“And how’d you know about Harry’s drinking?” John pushed.
“I shall miss you like an ache,” he confessed and John kissed him lightly, only a peck. He wouldn’t dream of doing more, not with his kids so close.
“I think I’d like that very much,” Sherlock whispered and John smiled at him, melting his heart, sending the fragments jittering across his skin.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock shut up. “What about John?”
Sherlock picked up the letter. It had been written in crayon, with a few mismatched letters and backwards Es, but his spelling was improving. Sherlock would have to remember to buy the boy a new workbook. It was also four pages long.
“His name was Mr. Humperdink,” Hamish informed her casually as John’s phone began to ring. He picked it up and listened intently for a few seconds before holding it out.
“I always was good at making you do stupid stuff,” Hamish grinned wickedly, starting his corn. “You remember that time we went to Uncle Mycroft’s house and I dared you to slide down the bannister?”
“Remember when I’d told you we’d have angry sex one day?” John murmurs dangerously in his ear and Sherlock swallows.
“Not on me, you’re not,” Grace warned as if Sherlock had any intention of doing so. The track playing switched suddenly to something with a firm, insistent baseline and Joan nearly leapt off the sofa before staggering into Sherlock’s steadying hands.
“It’s wonderful, John,” he smiles against his forehead. “I may love your body. But I
Hamish ran to greet his fathers in Mycroft’s front hallway, jumping unceremoniously into John’s arms as he set their suitcases down.
Sherlock shivered in her tank top and glanced up from her Chinese takeout container. Normally Mycroft wasn’t home yet, was still scraping in a few extra overtime hours, but tonight he’d even picked up the food himself and carried it home in oily paper bags.
- Shay
“Perhaps you’d like to try something a bit less… scientific.”
“I love you,” he sighed before he lowered him mouth down against Sherlock’s, starting slow. They kissed for a minute before John’s tongue came out to flick against Sherlock’s bottom lip and Sherlock dutifully opened, letting John tongue in to slowly explore the younger boy’s mouth, tracing teeth and gums before finally coming out to meet Sherlock’s tongue in a dizzying embrace that had Sherlock moaning against John’s mouth and twisting shamelessly against John’s offered knee.
“Good choice,” he smiled and then looked at the bear. “You can leave the animal.”
That was when Hamish got out of bed and came downstairs in his pyjamas, not even hiding the fact that he’d been listening in. “Can I have a say?” he asked and as John spluttered about late bedtimes, Sherlock nodded.
“Your father is being pugnacious,” his Da confided and his Pa’s riotous cry of “Hey!” was audible over the phone. “How much time do we have?”
What had happened with
“I love you too,” John said, kissing his forehead as they drifted off into sleep.
“You can never start party planning too early,” Victoria advised, before turning her attentions to the other end of the table. “Harry, how are you?”
“And then the rest of our lives,” Sherlock filled in.
While sitting in the chemistry lab after hours, waiting for Sherlock’s tempered solution to generate any sort of reaction, Sherlock had said,
I hope you like the pictures. The first one’s London from my room window. The second one’s the view out of my homeroom window. The third one’s my best friend Mike’s living room. Those are the things I see most every day. So if you ever miss me, you can look at them and chances are we’re looking at the same thing. You’re only two hours away and yet I feel like I can barely reach you sometimes. It’s times like these I wonder how I’m going to make it through Afghanistan. They’re nearly 6000 kilometers apart. I know that doesn’t help. I’m supposed to be the one making the whole thing sound manageable.
“Ouch,” he sympathized. “Sorry about that, mate.”
Sherlock’s silent, just feeds him his eggs. John doesn’t look at him as he eats and he wonders how broken they have to feel before they splinter.
John stared at him, not moving, as Sherlock’s thumb ghosted over his cheekbone. “You promised me my first kiss,” Sherlock said softly as John’s pupils dilated and his breath sped up.
“Who wrote it?”
“Mind Palace,” Sherlock corrected instinctively, still a bit unsure and wrongfooted in light of Joan’s ease. “And no, it’s somewhat of a…complicated problem. Still several unexplainable pieces of data.”
“It’s a very special job, do you think you can do it?” he prompted and Hamish nodded excitedly. “Good,” Sherlock smiled, meeting his eyes in the rearview mirror as Hamish shifted in his car seat.
Sherlock swallowed.
“Sure sure, I’ll just rest here on this breast, haha!” she laughed, pleased beyond measure at her own little rhyme. “I am a poet. Take that Allen Rosenburg.”
“To the back,” Sherlock
I wanted to write an alternative to chapter 7 for ages, even since I took up teen Hamish. Hope y'all don't mind reoccurring themes.
So you decided to learn the history of China, in Chinese?
“I’m so glad you did!” Hamish flung his arms around John’s neck and squeezed tightly. “I missed you so so so so so much!”
There was a murmur through the crowd at this and Sherlock, who had never given a thought to sports in her entire life, found herself suddenly on edge about the whole enterprise.
“Or how unsuccessful it could be,” Sherlock finished, a light spreading across her face. “Of course, that’s what was bothering me. Not that she died from the jump but that she would even jump at all. She of all people would know there was only a fifty-fifty chance a fall that low would kill her- and all while she had access to much more painless ways to go-“
-          Sherlock
Neither of them said anything. They didn’t have to. John took longer in bed, smoothing Sherlock’s hair back from his forehead achingly tender, studying him the best he knew how. Sherlock started holding John’s hand everywhere, in the bedroom, the bathroom, the kitchen, the gardens. When they ran. That one was a big change and John raised an eyebrow the first time Sherlock took his hand as they left the mansion in darkness, but Sherlock just squeezed tighter and John said nothing.
John laughs. “Bit biologically impossible, isn’t it? For us?”
“We had to run. I have James on my left and Harris on my right and suddenly Harris goes down and I shoot in the direction it came from and the bullets stop. James it taking care of two guys on his left and he’s fine and Bill and Keith have the last two. I check Harris is okay and then I run, I
“Fuck you,” Joan said with no malice and Sherlock gave her a little shove back. Joan pushed her and then both became aware they were just standing there, touching each other in the dark, neither one really able to stop. Joan’s hand, small and rough with calluses, was on her upper arm and Sherlock felt caught in a way that must have shown on her face because Joan gave her a quick squeeze and then backed up.
“Hello there,” he answered politely. “Is there something I can help you with?”
“It would seem so,” Sherlock nodded and they got out of the car. John locked the door and then threaded his fingers through Sherlock’s, shooting him a grin as they walked into the house.
“No problem,” he smiled hesitantly. “I’ll walk you back. I’m tired at any rate.”
“I’ll save your seat,” she said instead and Joan smiled back, leaned in to kiss her cheek, and peeled out towards the bathroom, stopping to collect Kelsie from her group on the way.
“Sherlock-“
“I will,” John said, utterly serious.
“Hey love.”
“No, I stole them from Mycroft,” Sherlock brushed off and John looked up.
“But you were the one who told me not to do anything-“
“Who are you, Mycroft? Go do some leg work, you lazy sod.”
“Are they hitting it off?”
and it was pure and perfect torture and he thrust himself back into bed, willing himself not to picture John tangled up in his sheets next door and failing miserably.
An idea hit John suddenly through his sex-ladled brain and he pulled Sherlock off. Both teens moaned at the loss of contact but then John was pulling Sherlock’s trousers and pants off and his hand wrapped around both their cocks.
Just as he was about to clear the room, Sherlock called out, “Oh, Hamish?” and the boy spun around, nervousness creeping back into his eyes.
“I thought you were looking for evidence. Why would there be drugs here?” he asked, trying to understand what he was missing. “Ms. Hudson only uses herbal soothers for her hip.”
“Don’t be concerned,” Sherlock brushed off, spitting out a mouthful of foam. “It’s not something most people notice.”
, falling out of Sherlock’s lips as though he wasn’t really aware he was saying them.
“What position do I need to be in this time?” John groaned, getting up and Sherlock grinned.
“My name is Hamish Watson and I’m lost, these men are not nice very bad evil people and I want my daddy,” he rambled and then he burst right into tears.
“Why they all seem to think the Watson kid would be easy to kidnap is beyond me,” Hamish laughed, submitting to a hair ruffle. “I’m starving. Can we get food?”
“Joan Watson,” he smiled and then glanced over at Sherlock. “And Holmes, how is your arm?”
“You thought you’d trick it out of me?” Sherlock almost laughed, in shock and horror. “You thought you’d just put me in a room with a whole group of sad, broken women and I’d cry and weep and you’d heal me-“
Hamish nodded, not taking his eyes off the scene in front of him. The first violin was just coming forward for a sweeping solo and Sherlock perked up, nudging Hamish with his shoulder. Hamish pointedly ignored him.
“I assumed we would, after Uni,” John said, coming over. “We talked about it-“
John shook his head, as though the idea of anyone not partaking in such a necessary ritual was insane.
Mycroft glanced next to him. Hamish was passed out with his fact mushed against the pillow, his hair flattened out around his head, one small hand clenched in the sheets. “Yes. We had a bit of a late night. I could wake him if you wanted to talk to him.”
“How do you
“Sherlock, this is stupid.”
Also Hamish's entire speech about the rug with the letters was lifted almost entirely from one of the darlings I babysitt. In the nature of full disclosure and all :)
-          John
“You have everything you need?” he checked, his chopsticks lying still inside his chicken and broccoli. Sherlock rolled her eyes and then immediately wished she hadn’t; their moldy, crumbling ceilings always put her on edge. “Knapsack, papers-“
Lestrade nodded, looking down, and Sherlock huffed.
“Later tonight,” he told the child and Hamish climbed over to sit closer. Unconsciously, Mycroft turned so that the boy sat between his legs, holding one of his fingers in his own small hand. “You have to go to primary though. I’ll send someone by the house to get new clothes for you.”
That’s only offered in Singapore.
“When Brendan first got back, he was terrible,” she confesses. “Used to sleep on the couch like a martyr.”
Sherlock had just sat down to check on his mice when the bell rang and he sighed.
“Not necessary, I’m here to see you,” he smiles his best smile and she smiles back. “Lestrade recommended you, said Brendan had PTSD.”
John gave a little mock-bow, recovering quickly, and the boys laughed, clapping. Sherlock grinned down at him and suddenly John couldn’t wait for movie night
“Hey Uncle Greg,” Hamish said hesitantly, aware something was wrong. “Erm, no. I figured they were out working with you. Why are you here?”
John had never been to Sherlock house before, but it all fairness the boy had never been to John’s house as well. It was too big for four people, even if Mycroft was as fat as Sherlock claimed he was, and John could understand why someone wouldn’t want to spend any more time there then they had too. It had a habit of making its inhabitants feel rather lonely.
“This is not our first pony show, Mr. Holmes,” she assured him. “There’s an Aunt in Longwood. She’s coming in on a flight tomorrow to see Chloe. Supposedly they met when Chloe was just a baby but she’s next in kin. Apparently she’s been looking for Chloe for four years. Florida police already gave up. We couldn’t find her because Chloe’s birth name isn’t Chloe- that’s what her captors named her. ”
Mycroft glanced through the open doorway. “He’s-“
“I thought about you if that helps,” Sherlock said softly, kissing John’s forehead.
, that she ovulated like a
That’s a bit of an extreme reaction
And somehow here they were now, with Sherlock’s jeans a crumpled pile on the floor and Joan sitting up to work her overalls off, neither of them letting the other get too far away, forcing themselves to stay connected with a pressing foot or a looped hand.
John had no idea how to answer that. “Come help me make tea,” he said instead and Hamish took the conversation change in stride, following his papa into the kitchen. He pushed his stepstool forward so he could get the tea leaves while John turned on the kettle.
“They should be,” John laughed, glancing out of the shack to see Mike helping a boy buckle his vest. “Where’s Greg?”
Hamish was by Mrs. Hudson when they came home but he ran into the front hallway to greet them. “Did Mrs. Teacher say I was a smarticle? Do you think she’s pretty? I think she’s pretty,” he announced as he hugged Sherlock’s knees.
“Papa’s coming home,” he whispered, holding his son in the middle of his room, bathed in the fading light from the window. “Papa’s coming home.”
“Look at you, having fun. I’m so proud, I’m practically bursting,” Joan teased her and Sherlock rolled her eyes. The song changed, something more gentle and romantic, and a chorus of
Sherlock stood back to blink at him. “Four? You utter slag.”
Sherlock was going to kill his brother. He wasn’t exactly sure why; after all Mycroft had only done what he’d wanted to do at Hamish’s first Christmas. But he was positive the git deserved to be murdered anyway.
“More than me?” Sherlock pushed and John shook his head.
shoulder. He steadies his breathing as his fingers scrape inside, pulling at the shell. Tears blur his eyes and he can’t see, can’t feel, needs to puke, needs to die.
, Sherlock thought and then laughed at himself. He
“Well turns out he does; what the hell do we do?” George demanded. Hamish’s chest was starting to hurt and his throat felt dry and scratchy. But it was like make-believe, if you stopped acting like the goose fairy, everything was ruined. His Daddy always forgot that rule.
“What on earth are you doing?” a cold voice said and John sat up, panting heavily.
“Hello, is this John Watson?” the voice at the other end said, the sort of posh voice that made John instantly worried.
Posted in a hurry. Let me know if you see any mistakes :)
-  and just two days ago as they sat listening to
“So what are we doing this weekend?” Joan called over. “Museum? Comic shop? Beach?”
John sat up and kissed him, so surely and strongly, Sherlock felt it in his bones. He ran his tongue lightly against the younger boy’s, gently remembering his mouth, committing it to memory.
“It’s not much,” he says and Sherlock takes the box, opening it. Inside sits a ring, white and worn, with a date scrawled in gold lettering.
her, wanted to consumer her until they melded but that was assuredly
“Of course,” Sherlock said, feeling bright in her very limbs and Joan’s face relaxed almost immediately. There, see, she could do this friendship thing just fine.
Sherlock bit back the implication of that, it wasn’t personal Joan hadn’t noticed she had only appeared for sophomore year- Bushwick was a big school, and instead worked on tamping down her inner panic at the can of worms she’d just opened.
You mad genius you.
That was the one thing they didn’t talk about, the largest block between them. So far it had only come up twice- the feminist club meet every other week- but Sherlock had steadfast refused to come to either, instead holing herself up in the library until Joan came to collect her and they went about their day. Joan never pushed her, never did more than just bring it up casually, and yet just the mention of it set Sherlock on edge, her lungs tight and her skin itchy.
Now Hamish only pouted. “But I wanted to show him,” he complained and John sympathized with the six-year-old.
I’m alone and it will be so much worse.”
“Sherlock, give him money.”
“Mrs. Hudson can’t even make it up the stairs these days.”
“Won’t you need my signature?” Mycroft asked and Anthea gave him a look that read plainly,
“I’m not scared,” Sherlock promised and Joan gave her a quick squeeze.
It always seems to be that when I write teenage Hamish, I end up incorporating the things I do in real life. Anyone ever try to make a Baked Alaska? That thing is actually impossible. Forget lighting it on fire, I struggle just adding in the meringue.
John smiled. “I will. Give Marie my regards.”
on drugs and I didn’t want to change that. And then I met you.”
“I told you about it.”
Hamish dutifully hugged John’s knees and then let go to run and hug Sherlock, who was standing at the bottom of the stairs with his arms outstretched.
In June of 1972, Title IX was signed which made illegal any discrimination on the basis of sex in any federally funded education program or activity.
Violet giggled and met her grandson’s eye, both of them sharing a mischievous look. “I wanted to remind your son that you’re human,” she confessed and Sherlock glared.
Sherlock grumbled something about getting Mycroft herself before he suddenly spun around, wide eyed. “Where’s John?” he asked, bewildered. “I thought he was with you.”
Sherlock followed him, his wrist warm in John’s grasp, and he couldn’t prove anything but he was sure he saw Harry wink at him before John had whisked him out of the dining hall and outside to the garage.
son when he’d done something heinous. “He’s been suspended from school. For
And yet, some illogical, impulsive,
he ordered himself as he tried to school his face into melancholy before he began his lament on Rosaline’s chastity.
“What do we have first?” Mike asked as John flagged down a waiter and handed him the empty bug-juice pitcher with a smile.
“Mycroft didn’t hear,” Sherlock said but John just chuckled.
,” but he couldn’t.
There was a sudden noise from onshore and Sherlock looked up. “Quickly,” he urged, pushing off John and sliding silently into the water. John followed him, a second behind, and Sherlock met his gaze before diving underwater. John could hardly see through the lake’s murk but he realized what Sherlock was doing and followed him, diving to surface underneath the trampoline.
They didn’t have any flour, so John ran down to Mrs. Hudson’s to borrow some. He left Hamish at the kitchen table with a strict promise not to bother Daddy. He was only down for ten minutes or so, but as he climbed back up the stairs to the flat, he paused in the doorway to the living room, a soft smile flitting across his face.
Sorry I'm not sorry
“Security!” someone yelled and the boy was wrenched off of John, who lay on the ground. “What the hell are you doing?” they yelled at the boy.
“For what?” Sherlock asked, honestly puzzled. Was he supposed to bite it?
, as much as Sherlock had tried to slick him open and Sherlock kissed him messily.
After the adrenaline from “A Study in Pink” had faded, John had sat down with his laptop and researched Sociopathy. He’d remembered a bit from medical school, but if he was going to be living with one, he felt he ought to be an expert. So he thought he was well prepared to fall in love with one. He wasn’t even close.
“I’m going to kiss you now,” Sherlock said, eyes near devouring him, and John wanted nothing more than to know what Sherlock tasted like.
“Me too,” Sherlock confessed and John started at him before dropping his head down. Chloe had been with them a little over a month before Amelia had declared her fit to interview. John was having trouble imagining what their lives would even look like after she left.
“You never asked for one,” John pointed out, putting the penguin tin away.
There was a spattering of laughter as Siobhan wagged her finger on that last instruction. There were quite a few women between Siobhan and Sherlock, so the two girls listened politely as a housewife talked about spending her days caring for her four children, a professor spoke about her classes and advisees, and a secretary told the room about her favorite staff members at the company, among others.
Hamish nodded emphatically. “Yeah. And they were smelly and mean only not so mean cause they really never hurt me and I was kinda scared only daddy’s voice helped me use my squishy brain and not be so scared and then we had a cuddle pile with hot cocoa and marshmallows and I gots to use six and a half marshmallows which is a lot, I think.”
The sun was just starting to set when they found the small pool, nestled inside a cave. John smiled at Sherlock, his teeth glinting in the setting sun.
John turned silently to face the speaker, a boy a few years older than them. “I’m sorry, come again?” John asked, voice steady.
“Mycroft, I haven’t the faintest what you are insinuating but you can rest assured-“
“Lipstick on your neck and mouth- red number 60. Mary, right?” Sherlock managed to get out before he was bent over the toilet again, retching.
“Ask it,” John whispered and Sherlock wondered how this utterly average boy could read him like an open book.
Sherlock moaned, loud and shamelessly, because he knew it drove John absolutely mad and he closed his eyes, letting himself twist perfectly against the sheets, his hair tangling, sweat dripping down into the pillow.
“Perfect,” Sherlock cooed into his ear as he leaned over to lay one open-mouthed kiss on John’s neck that left the counselor weak in the knees. “I rather hate this film.”
“You’re getting heavy, Hamish. I won’t be able to do this much longer,” he grunted and Sherlock strode back in with a smirk.
xoxo- Shay
Conversation was natural and only a tiny bit awkward. Sherlock and John politely inquired about Laurel’s A-levels and her family’s summer plans and only brought embarrassing Hamish baby stories twice. Laurel was laughing and smiling and not looking horrified but for some reason, it all felt just a step off to Hamish. His parents were doing exactly what he’d asked them to do but it all tasted…fake.
He crept along to the Dining Hall, recognizing just how very ridiculous this all was, before ducking behind it.
“It’s remarkable,” Sherlock went on, staring at him as though he was fascinating. A look like that could
Yeah. You should get it soon.
“Exactly,” he said and headed down the street.
“John?” he said softly, ashamed out how much he loved the feel of that one word on his tongue. John turned and smiled at him.
“My big, brave John,” Sherlock murmured, running his hands up John’s bare chest. “Protecting me from evil men.”
“Sherlock-“
“You’re really good with them,” Sherlock said in lieu of an answer, detaching himself from the wall. “I heard the story. Oliver Cromes sounds incredibly exciting.”
“Yeah,” he agreed. “But now everyone knows it.”
“I knew we were too inexperienced for shower sex,” John muttered, moving to rub Sherlock’s back and the younger boy could have cried in relief.
“Mrs. Teacher said December is the seasoning of kindness,” Hamish parroted, smiling up at his father.
“I was coming out of the theatere trailers,” Hamish sighed. “I was alone and they were coming from track or something equally awful, bunch of chavs talking utter shi- nonsense and I just-“ he dropped his head into his free hand. “I knew I was going to lose as soon as I punched. But I couldn’t just let them think that they can get away with saying things like that. Like no one cares.”
“And apple pies are too!” Hamish completed proudly as Sherlock strode in through the back door.
” Sherlock cried softly. It
“I agree,” Sherlock spit back. “What’s most disturbing is how true they are. Joan, the papers?”
“Perfect, let’s go,” she said, leading him towards the back of the house.
I have loved writing this beast so much- entirely because of you guys. It baffles my mind just how many people have read this and loved this and enjoyed. You are all my favourite people, my babies, the cutest things on the internet. There are no words to explain how much I love you all- trust me, I'm a writer. All I can say is thank you. To those of you who have been with this story since it started almost a year ago- sorry about how long it got. To those of you who only just found me- sorry it was such a short run. And to all of you who read this- thank you.
At ten, there was a soft knock at the door and Jordan opened it to find Sherlock on the porch, hands in his pockets.
“I wasn’t sure what to get, you’re not very materialistic,” he excused, handing it over. “And you have enough jumpers to make a flock.”
“I love when you say my name,” Sherlock confessed, taking over, and John was torn between bursting with pride at how far Sherlock had come, and coming right then and there. “I want to remember it, play it back every night your gone and I have to ease the ache-“
John had been laboring under the notion that he and Sherlock were both quite static in their relationships, or lack thereof. He hadn’t had a girlfriend in months and Sherlock was well…Sherlock.
Hamish wrapped her up in a hug, holding her tightly. “We were bound to do that some time,” he noted and Chloe nodded into his shoulder.
!” Jim yelled, spinning around. “No, no, no, there’s nothing Mycroft can do in the British Government that I can’t do myself.
“You take the fun out of everything,” Sherlock pouted and John just winked as he ducked out of the tent and found Mike waiting a yard away, not meeting his eye.
John let go and rested his head against the taller boy’s shoulder and breathed deeply, smiling.
“Shouldn’t you be in school?” his uncle asked gently but Hamish wasn’t calmed.
person until that moment.
“You’ll see combat,” Sherlock promised him and John couldn’t help the shiver that went up his spine. He
The fifteen-year-old blinked. “Did you just pistol-whip someone?” he asked incredulously.
There was a small chorus of voices that occupied a bench in Sherlock’s mind palace. He’d tried deleting them ages ago but they just took on new faces and settled back on the bench outside the palace. Now they smiled at him and he recognized the addition of that horrible new detective Anderson amongst the chorus. They always shifted, but three faces always stayed- Sebastian, Jim, his father.
“Not now, Mrs. Anthea,” he apologized. “Time is of the ess-eve- time is super important right now.”
Sherlock opened his mouth to answer and then they both heard his mobile chime from their kit. “That’s probably your father,” Sherlock said, separating slowly, “wondering where we are.”
“Did you know your breathing pattern is remarkably similar to the tempo of Saint-Saëns’s Aquarium?” Sherlock informed him and John smiled at him.
“Cancel it,” his father ordinated. “It’s time I taught you how to box.”
“Alright, you want me to come in with you?”
John fell into an uneasy sleep that night. The image of Sherlock’s eyes as he’d confronted him made him sick. He’d never seen someone look so vulnerable in his life. Especially not Sherlock, the boy was near unflappable. He put up walls like people changed clothes, effortlessly and constantly. But outside the cinema, he’d looked so perfectly broken-hearted and betrayed it made John physically ill. And it had been his fault.
When he comes back, he hands John the cup and John takes it gratefully, like a starving man. He drinks and slowly takes Sherlock’s hand, holding. It’s a start.
Sarah finds him on the ground outside, staring up at the cacophony of stars like they hold some kind of cosmic answer. She doesn’t say a word, just settles down next to him and offers him a beer. Must have cost her a fortune. He takes it gratefully.
“Detective Hamish,” John called and his son spun around to face him. “I think I found something,” he said, pointing at a smudge on the floor. Hamish rushed over to see what could only be a bloody fingerprint.
Nothing felt ‘little’ about this but Sherlock wasn’t about to argue. Out of the corner of her eye she could see across the way what looked like a counter-protest separated from them by the police. She was surprised, for a moment, how many men were on their side of the park. There were three boys in the Bushwhick feminist club but two were very clearly gay and one was there with his girlfriend. But these men were young and just as angry and not attached to any woman.
Both men leaned in closer to take a look at the offered drawing. “These figures are clearly you two,” she motioned, pointing to stick figures standing in a field of pink and red flowers, “and there’s Hamish in the middle-“
“You are such a softie,” she teased, already pulling back to avoid the hair tug she knew was coming. “Don’t worry, I won’t tell anyone. So long as you keep cheering for us at our games.”
“The Title IX protest this summer,” Joan filled in and Shulamith’s eyes lit up.
And stay tuned because I'm just moving, not dying. There is still so much more to come.
Joan snorted. “Sounds weird when you say it,” she muttered before reaching out to blot at the cut. Sherlock hissed despite her best efforts not to and Joan grimaced sympathetically before going back to cleaning off the blood.
“Give this one some ice cream,” Greg advised, trying a smile. “She just saved a lot of lives tonight.”
There was silence in the flat after he’d finished. Hamish let out a soft breath and then nodded. “Thanks Da,” he said, standing up and walking over to the front door.
Sherlock turned a brilliant shade of red and started to splutter excuses but John just laughed and climbed out of bed.
Hamish looked so completely thunderstruck that Mycroft almost regretted his words. Almost being the operative word. “Go to the kitchen, I’ll meet you there,” he promised and Hamish scampered off towards the back of the giant house as Mycroft collected the remaining papers and organized them.
, went through him at the thought that his brother had
“Yes,” Violet repeated, settling down next to her grandson. “I homeschooled both of them until they were old enough to go to Eton. So for a very long time it was just me, grandpa and your father. We had a very merry time of it. Sherlock used to run all sorts of experiments in the backyard; it was darling.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“They can have Tuesday and Thursday after football team is done with it, and Friday right after school. I’ll have a check ready by the end of the day,” he growled out, shutting the book with force.
“Da,” he pushed and Sherlock turned to glare at him. “Can we talk about it?”
152 days
“Never been better,” she promised and Mycroft only blinked at her.
It was eleven, about an hour before John usually went to sleep. Sherlock opened the bedroom door and strolled in before dropping a pair of sweatpants on the end of the bed.
*Phone call- 4 pm*
“I still haven’t gotten you a funnel cake!” he cried, rounding on Sherlock as if angry at him for not reminding him.
*phone call 11:20 pm*
John let his head hit the pillow. “I don’t remember any,” he admitted.
“Great,” John smiled, following the pale life-guard out of the shack. They stood on the shack steps, moving to go down, when John paused.
“I am yours,” he whispered, inches from climax, and he realized what this was, what they were doing, and he wouldn't stop it for the world.
He quickly unbuttoned John’s jeans and pulled them down where they were quickly joined by John’s pants.
“Last I heard, all had eight quarts, nice and intact,” she tells him and he visibly relaxes. Sherlock gets them more wine.
“Mycroft is the other woman,” Sherlock said dryly and it should have been funny but then they passed by the alley and John could see their faces, earnest and soft and gentle, and it made him sick in ways he didn’t understand.
a frantic battle of teeth and tongues.
“Go get your brother,” she called after him. “Dinner’s in an hour and he needs to wash up.”
“I just feel like we’re robbing you of a normal childhood,” John confessed and one of the things Hamish loved so much about his parents was how they treated him exactly and entirely like an intelligent adult.
It was meant for his heart, that much was obvious, but it went wide and hit his shoulder. That was what John told everyone, because what the doctors in the hospital in Herat told him beggared belief.
“You,” Sherlock gasped out and it rolled into a moan.
John flushed at the thought of the genius listening in on his children’s story. “Thanks,” he mumbled out and Sherlock grinned at him, walking over.
Sherlock sat cross-legged on the edge of Jon’s bed, watching him with hawk eyes.
interested.
“Remind yourself what Sherlock? That you made a list of ways to kill yourself?” John wanted to scream but he kept his voice down, shaking with the effort.
He calls Sherlock into his office after they wrap, after a man’s gone home in chains. “I might not be as smart as you,” he says, sitting down, “but I know a domestic abuse case when I see one.”
“It’s alright, that was very good,” he praised. “Here comes another house, try again.”
smiled up at him from the morning schedule and he realized he wouldn’t even be given a day to recover from the hurricane of sexual attraction that was Sherlock Holmes.
He walked into school the next morning with dark circles under his eyes and Sherlock winced before refusing to look at him altogether.
He doesn’t know what to expect, but it’s certainly not the groan she gives him. “Of course, all the good ones are taken
“No.”
Anne's speech was lifted almost verbatim from the NYRF manifesto that she wrote. It's a much longer piece and well-worth a read if you ever have time and want to get angry about the patriarchy. It unfortunately goes without saying that NYRF, and the second-wave feminism at the time in general, didn't really have space for non-gender conforming activists and radicals and that's one of the incredibly problematic facts of this time period. So take care of yourself if you plan on doing further research.
Sherlock spun around, caught off guard, and Hamish repeated the question. “There’s no title or composer on the music. I was just wondering,” he mumbled off. “It’s really beautiful.”
Yeah, she’s coming back from Uni especially.
Mycroft, but I can’t. I can’t make it go away and it’s eating me
Sherlock allowed himself a glance at John. “Blondes,” he whispered and the three teens laughed.
“Oh, I’m sorry,” he grinned as his knife hit the glass for the fourth time, sending shivers down the boys’ spines. “I’m so clumsy today.”
There's an epilogue-of-sorts in the works but, in the meantime, read about the incredible, radical feminist movements of the 60s and 70s. Now, more than ever, when feminism is being used to promote razors and diet pills, read about the women (and men) who held protests and punched cops over the right to their own bodies. And read about the significantly more inclusive movements of today, who have made the necessary room for trans and non-binary folks, and for people of color, that the second wave left behind.
-call disconnected-
“Daddy!” he cried energetically, hugging his knees, and then looking past his father curiously. “Where’s Papa, Daddy?”
For the rest of April I'll being doing a little connecting story line (all one-shots, calm yourselves). I know I'm suggesting some pretty improbable/partially illegal things in this chapter but just go with it. Love ya!
Joan lived in one of the renovated brown-bricks buildings that made Bushwhick so famous but altered so the landlord could fit two or three families in what was meant to be one apartment. The Watsons apartment was a one bedroom with a wider living room, a kitchen in the corner, and a shared bathroom at the end of the hall. A screen was erected in the corner of the living room and Sherlock could see a bed and a bureau behind it. Joan toed off her shoes by the worn welcome mat and hung up her coat, gesturing around with her free hand.
“I’d thought you’d find that dull.”
“Papa’s coming home,” he whispered, and Hamish reached his arms up so Sherlock could hold him, clutching him tightly to his chest, wrapping him in a blanket. “I promise, Papa’s coming home.”
“I’ll be up in a minute,” Sherlock says in a voice that promises he’ll be there all night. John sighs and reaches down to finish himself off, wincing slightly. He wakes up alone the next morning.
There could not have been a lovelier sight; but there was none to see it except that lost man, a little boy still, who was staring in at the window. He had ecstasies innumerable that others could never know; but he was looking through the window at the one joy from which he was forever barred.
Sherlock hooked his leg around John’s and flipped them over, landing John on his back with a soft “Oomph,” and a quick kiss.
“I’m sorry about that,” Joan said sheepishly as they waited to cross the street towards Sherlock’s building. “And about them in general. I know it must make you uncomfortable; I can ask them to stop.”
“Lestrade called earlier today to ask if I had time for a case,” Sherlock told him as John helped straighten his clothes. “I actually laughed out loud.”
It had been over a month since Sherlock had given Joan her heaviest secret and Joan had given her nothing but love in return. Over a month of cases from the morning paper and kissing on the L train, meaningless arguments that dissolved quicker than they’d come. The two of them had spent Christmas eating terrible takeout with Mycroft, who pretended not to notice them holding hands under the table, and New Years dancing in Ellie’s tiny kitchen with the rest of Bushwick High, sneaking away up to the snow-littered roof in the seconds before midnight to kiss until their lips grew numb with cold. Sherlock had finished two monographs on cigarette ash and discarded chewing gum and had started one on the taste of Joan’s mouth at different times of the day. When school had restarted the week previous, Sherlock had walked in with Joan’s arm around her shoulders, ready for questions, but they’d gotten none. Everyone, it seemed, had assumed they’d been dating since October.
“Don’t waste your fairy dust on me, Sherlock,” he said softly and it was then that Mary spoke up.
They ended up moving to the other side of the mountain and Sherlock sighed upon learning they were going hiking again.
“She’s not just some piece of evidence you can bring home-“ Sally admonished but Sherlock ignored her, turning right to Lestrade.
“Yes,” Sherlock whispered back in the darkness. “Of course.”
The 9-year-old only glowed in his small tux. “I will call her Trudy,” he announced and Sherlock dropped his head into his hands.
“Sure mate, I’m sure I’ll manage fine on my own, thanks,” John said, his voice equally as soft but just as hard.
Are you guys getting excited for the camping episode? Because I am.
“You’re such a good boy,” John praised and Hamish flushed, tilting his head up for the kiss he knew was coming. John didn’t disappoint. “The best boy,” he grinned, kissing Hamish’s cheeks soundly.
They built a house together in Notting Hill and had children; two beautiful children. Sherlock should have known then, for two is the beginning of the end. But he stood outside their window on Christmas morning and watched Hamish Watson open his presents with chubby fingers while his sister, Alice, lay soft and warm against her mother’s shoulder.
“Sherlock,” John called to him and Sherlock tried to focus. “Can you look at me? Look at me.”
“I miss you all over.”
John doesn’t say anything about his silence in the cab and when they get back to the flat he lets Sherlock carry his bags in taciturnity. But when John makes him tea and Sherlock flinches away, he gives up.
“You’re marvelous,” John stood, kissing Sherlock full on the mouth. “The very model of a good father.”
“I love you for this,” John grinned, and Sherlock returned the wicked smirk.
“Care to fill me in?” John asked but Sherlock was already slipping on his shoes and reaching for his wallet.
“So get your tube out of my face,” John smirked.
Sherlock had decided and they’d bought salt and vinegar chips and two cigarettes.
Christmas break loomed only two days away and the whole city seemed in agreement it couldn’t come soon enough. Sherlock had no interest in the holiday- even when she and Mycroft had lived back “home,” their family hadn’t really been the celebrating sort. Of course her parents hosted parties and attended events and set up a tree in the living room for when they had company, with little gift-wrapped boxes underneath it, but Christmas Eve every year they went out and Christmas Day always passed without acknowledgment. The boxes under the tree were empty.
“What are you proposing?” Sherlock asks bluntly.
“Friend of mine,” Sherlock said casually and John flashed him a small grin. They never mentioned John was Sherlock’s only friend; for a genius the man had a very fragile ego when it came to seeming normal.
“Come here you,” John beckoned and Sherlock crawled over so he could rest his head in John’s lap, breathing deeply. “Cor, are you winded,” John remarked and Sherlock was too tired to blush.
“What is it, Hamish?” he called out and the child walked in a few steps further.
Historical Notes: Consciousness-Raising Meetings, or CRMs, are real and were really popularized by Redstockings and The New York Radical Feminists. NYRF actually held a rape conference after a CRM about rape was so well-received and so "popular," for lack of a better term. You can find more information on CRMs as well as guidelines on how to lead your own in this
was silent now and Sherlock reached out two hands to cup John’s face.
“It’s no more than an oversized violin,” he tried and Hamish glowered at him.
“Season of kindness,” Sherlock corrected instinctively. “But you understand that babies are not gifts people give. They take a lot of work and planning, especially for Papa and I, and we’re not ready at this moment.”
Mycroft seized up the situation immediately and turned quickly to Harry. “Wait inside for me. Seems Sherlock’s gotten himself into a bit of trouble.”
“What does mangles mean?” he asked and John cut them off.
“Looks who’s figuring out slang all by herself,” she teased and finally, blessedly, stopped. “Not like it’s much of an insult. And anyway, you’re a libber now too.”
“I can’t tell you,” John sighs, sitting back down. “I can’t talk about it, you need to understand-“
“I have everything planned out,” Sherlock offered, taking John’s bags, and John couldn’t help but flash back to one year prior, following a boy he didn’t particularly like into a mansion that blew his mind. The house was just as big but the boy was a different story entirely.
“I am though,” he said, looking at Sherlock through ocean eyes drained dry. “Me and Harry both. Just like him.”
This was all very new information to Hamish. “Spy?” he puzzled, out of his depths. At that moment, Anthea bustled in with a tea tray.
Sally and Anderson can’t get enough of his bruise. “You piss someone off enough?” Sally asks, all laughter, but Lestrade shuts them up.
“It’d be much more logical for me to just call you,” Sherlock muttered back and John laughed, soft vibrations beneath Sherlock’s back.
“I was thinking Staffordshire,” Cynthia admitted and Harry leaned closer to discuss.
pressing into his legs and he broke the kiss to look down.
“Because you are my baby brother,” Mycroft admitted. “And I worry about you. Constantly.” He said it with the air of one resigned to his fate, accepting it with a heavy heart.
“What, what is it?” she asked and Joan glanced up.
John’s breaths shudder against him, fingers folding tighter to fistfuls of bed sheets. “We were ambushed, forty minutes from base. These shots just rang out from nowhere and two of them hit the tires-
“Jealous, Mycroft?” Sherlock said, finally settling on a method of insult.
- Shay
Joan didn’t ask for more details, didn’t ask anything at all, and Sherlock was so absurdly grateful even as this was all her own prompting. She didn’t want to take about the nature of the thing, about the bruises and the cuts she stitched up herself in the bathroom, the heavy makeup and the long sleeves. She didn’t want to think about the indignity of it all, how she learned to disassociate so much of her body from herself- her mouth, her breasts, her hips. They just became flesh, incorporeal, unattached to her. It was hell and it was numbness. She lived inside her brain and her brain alone. That he could never touch. But transport is tricky, it demands so much, and eventually it betrayed her.
“Is it true Johnny?” she asked, holding him close. “Are you really going to the military?”
“John, mum wants to know if- oh,” Harry stopped suddenly in the doorway, noticing the extra head in John’s bed. “I’ll come back later then, ya?”
"Well, we lay on the floor and watched a video about inchworms," Hamish confessed and John laughed out loud. "But all great acts start somewhere."
They made toothpaste without fluoride? He hadn’t even known that was an option. “I do not have such a toothpaste, so you will simply have to be careful and not swallow any,” he instructed and Hamish tilted his head, considering that bit of information. “Also, it tastes like mint,” Mycroft added in the spirit of full disclosure and Hamish made a face.
“It’s not that simple-“
“Public school,” Sherlock teased and then he was back, his mouth pure sin, and John knew this wasn’t going to last very long.
His father considered the question for a long moment before finally acknowledging it with a tilt of his head. “I wrote it,” he confessed and Hamish’s head shot right up, meeting Sherlock’s eyes.
“Your poor English skin is gonna burn,” the blonde cackled as she led him towards her car. “You ready?”
“Monsters again?” Sherlock asked and John let his head hit the back of the couch.
“Um Grammy, why are you smiling like Nanny Hudson does whenever two of her favourite actors on her soaps kiss all ichy like?” he inquired and Violet took his hand.
They began to kiss again, softer this time, and Sherlock felt like he was melting, felt like he was fading into John and suddenly John’s mouth left his and found a spot at his collarbone.
“Well then,” Sherlock grinned, “that’s sorted.”
She squeezes back, closing her folder. “We don’t need an interview. You start Monday. Now buy me a coffee.”
They take a cab home and John pauses on the steps to 221B Baker Street. “This is it,” he says, eying the flat.
“Essentially,” Joan gasped, sparing a look at Sherlock as the two of them descended into giggles again, leaning on each other for support. “Let’s catch a train and I’ll fill you in.”
before winking and Sherlock. “Unless you want to watch?”
“We should head back,” Sherlock said. He was always the one that told them to go back. He hated himself for making them go back. Out here they spoke. Out here they were…friends? No. Civil.
“Sherlock it’s 3 am,” John begged, trying to maintain some composure. It was getting progressively harder (pun intended) as Sherlock’s hands traveled ever lower and his head dipped down to graze John’s ear.
Hamish was surprised to hear noises from upstairs when he came home from school. John had texted him earlier that day that he and Sherlock were in Brixton and wouldn’t be home till late. Mycroft was in Burma for the week and so the fifteen-year-old had expected to come home to an empty house.
“Yes?” Sherlock countered, arms folding against his thin chest covered in a gray tee-shirt
“You’re absurd,” Joan giggled, stepping out of the shower and walking over to get her towel. Sherlock pointedly stared at the matted floor. “We’d be lucky to have you. Now just give me a second to get dressed and then we can go to the park and do that thing with the dandelions you’ve been pestering me to do with you.”
“Ten minutes to curtain, children,” Mrs. Dubinsky, the drama teacher, called and Hamish hesitated before pulling his mobile out from where he’d stashed it in his period breeches.
They take a corner booth at Nando’s and order chicken breasts, Sherlock gazing around in utter shock.
and John tried again.
Note on the previous chapter: not gonna lie lovelies, I did not mean to imply that Cynthia and Vivi were an... item. But construe it as you will, I take all credit, thank you, goodnight!
“I mean, even though you’ve got some bent views, you’re pretty far out with all your deduction stuff. And I don’t know, you’re actually kinda rad, in your own  crazy way.”
By some silent negotiation, at the next transition back into the melody Joan abandoned their kissing to begin once again the descent. Sherlock struggled up on her elbows to watch her go, shivering at every kiss Joan laid against her collar, her ribcage, her inner thigh, before she looked up from between Sherlock’s legs and asked, “Can I take these off?”
“The prat.”
. It was like waves, gentle and unyielding and Sherlock couldn’t breathe, all he could do was make tiny sounds of pleasure and pain, whimpers and moans, and John swallowed them up greedily, kissing his neck and face, sliding his tongue into the wet heat of Sherlock’s perfect mouth.
“Friends of yours?” John asked, his voice dangerously low.
Hamish nodded and opened his mouth, his eyes fever-bright. Wordlessly, John eased the thermometer under his tongue and waited, petting Hamish’s curls. “Go make some tea, would you love?” John directed and Sherlock flitted out again. Sooner or later the genius would figure out John was just trying to distract him, but he’d take later. Sherlock was nothing short of a pain when it came to illness.
(See the end of the chapter for
36 days
to amaze John.
Hamish still looked shocked, as though a rug had actually been pulled out from under him, but he seemed to know when to scuttle and so he rushed out of the kitchen, head low.
And yes, in this universe, it's John who buys Sherlock that ridiculous faffing scarf. I have said it and now it is canon!
Dull.
“You know what’s not boring? Sleep. Which I was doing quite well till you called.”
“Robbery. It wasn’t, well, that. We didn’t take anything. It was breaking and entering and even then, more just entering. We didn’t really break anything,” she protested and Joan burst into peals of laughter, Sherlock joining in after once stuck moment.
John bent Sherlock forward a bit to kiss his forehead, still bitterly in love. “That’s not how this works, love,” he said and Sherlock bit his lip, holding back very real tears.
do that again.”
“John tells me you can deduce anything about anyone,” Clara says suddenly, startling him. “Is that true?”
“Fuck- Sherlock-“ John groans, moans around Sherlock’s mouth. “Fuck me.”
“Your father,” Joan grit out. “If I ever met him, I’d kill him. Would not even think twice about it, wouldn’t ever feel guilty.”
I know, they're not very drunk. But poor John had to drive, I needed them to be safe.
145 days.
There’s a pause as John stares at it, mouth open in surprise, and Sherlock watches him, unsure of what to do with his hands.
“Sherlock, we really must go,” he said plainly and Sherlock let go of John’s hands, as if every molecule of separation hurt him.
“Perfect,” Sherlock said, tilting her head. “Pleasure doing business.”
Sherlock spoke up so suddenly John couldn’t even hold him back. “Someone isn’t just your Mother or Father because they gave birth to you Hamish. That is a title a person has to earn by loving that child. Papa and I have been taking care of you ever since you were born. You only have two fathers.”
“Of course.”
“No, of course not now,” Sherlock assures, enjoying the sight of John’s bare chest as he unbuttons his shirt. “But one day.
John stays ten days in hospital. Sherlock doesn’t know how Mycroft manages it, but he’s never asked to leave. So he doesn’t, curling up in the spaces John leaves him, holding him closer. Sharing his food. Feeding him gently, fingers brushing lips. Carding through his hair, watching rubbish telly with him on the TV they pinned to a wall. Kissing his fingers.
“Hamish should really be involved in some extra-curriculars,” John noted from the sofa, watching the nine-year-old running up the stairs to his bedroom. “You know, something for him to do outside of school.”
Mycroft had prompted and Sherlock had been four and still thought Mycroft hung the moon. So he tried. And like magic, it had silenced his brain and that was it. He was addicted.
“Ah, then he’s at work,” Sherlock nodded, mostly to himself.
Sherlock paused for a second to actually pay attention to the song, now back to instrumental with heavy bass notes and a steady drum. “ I don’t see what’s so terrible about it,” she promised, nudging her stomach up a bit in what was clearly a blatant hint. Joan took it for what it was and gave her one last hard kiss on the mouth before starting down, kissing across her sternum, her breastbone, carefully avoiding her nipples before moving down to kiss her stomach patiently, with the air of someone who had all the time in the world.
“Yeah yeah sorry, did I wake you?”
“This is not about-“
I said no angst! Now look what I've done. I just can't stay away, can I? *sigh*
As the little Watson nearly zoomed upstairs to get his trunks, John stepped around the mess to cup Sherlock’s chin and kiss him gently.
“Uncle Greg, there has been a murder,” he summed up and Greg’s eyes widened comically. “Lucky for you, I am already on the case. I found a fingerprint; can you tell me whose is it?”
John bent down, intent on distracting Sherlock, and took the boy's cock into his mouth, sucking and rubbing the flat of his tongue against it. He rubbed three fingers against Sherlock's prostate, rubbed and pressed against it, until the utterly pitiful sobbing sounds tearing out from the genius’s throat turned into breathless moans.
Sherlock sat next to John, thighs crushed against each other, and the pale boy was like a furnace, hot against John’s leg. John turned to him.
“That was when the drugs started,” she tried to explain and Joan reached across the vast hole of the bed to hold Sherlock’s ankle in her grasp, just lightly. Just present.
“If this is another plea for a tree, then forget it,” Sherlock groused, peeling off his coat and moving back to the living room to hang it up. “I understand your desire to give Hamish a ‘traditional’ Christmas but we let him believe in Father Christmas, I dare say I’ve made sacrifice enough-“
“Perfect,” she agreed, taking one strip to lie flat on top of the pie. “Now let’s see what you remember. I want to find out the circumference of this pie. That’s just the outside. What do I do?”
Do I need to come over and kick someone’s head in?
Twenty minutes later the B221 boys were tucked in bed and relatively silence. John left Mike with a frantic sorry and ran around the cabin to the back porch where Sherlock waited, back leaning up against the wooden wall.
“John, you are of average intelligence, I don’t see why you feel the need to state the obvious all the time,” Sherlock whispered back furiously.
“Hi,” he managed, and John laughed softly against his chest.
“Goodnight Sherlock.”
Sherlock vaguely felt that perhaps he was supposed to be doing that but they’d never really been a conventional family. “Later. What is it you needed help with?” he asked instead.
“That must have been hard,” John sympathized and Sherlock found himself struggling closer.
“No,” he said and John looked at him in surprise as he bent down and slowly ran his tongue over John’s hole.
“Good job,” Violet praised, rubbing the eight-year-old’s back. “Now let’s say I don’t want to know the circumference but I want to know the area. That’s the whole pie.”
Anthea laughed good-naturedly. “We need to get you a girlfriend, Hamish,” she clucked, gathering up some papers.
Sorry about that.
“I’m Angelica,” the girl said matter-of-factly. “Are you gonna kiss or not? When mummy kisses daddy she makes me look away. Should I look away?”
“I love you so much.”
“You wanna take a break for a while?” John suggested but Sherlock was shaking his head, getting up.
“That’s an absurd name,” she said through a mouth full of cheese. “Listen to their voices; they’re clearly in their mid-twenties, unlikely any of them have parented children.”
“Hm,” Sherlock responded thoughtfully, taking a sip and then promptly spitting all over herself. “What is this, it’s vile,” she hissed and Joan descended into hyena laughter.
Sherlock wanted to rage at him. “Good,” he said instead, utterly impassive, his face locked in neutral.
,” Joan cried out and her voice was desperate. “Sherlock, I know-“
Sherlock rolled his eyes, forever six. "Hamish, your father and I are grown adults-"
The women’s center was already packed by the time they got there, a contingency of about thirty girls from the club, and they all made their way inside. They weren’t the youngest in the room, some women had come with their daughters and a few pre-teens lingered by the door, but Joan, suddenly shy, slipped her hand in Sherlock’s and the genius didn’t let go. The hall was teeming with women of different ages and races, all talking and smiling and eating from a snack table in the corner. Three women with blue-black pins sat at a table near the door and one of them beckoned them over.
Sherlock sauntered into the kitchen just as John was brushing the crumbs off the biscuit plate. “Never, in the entirety of our marriage, have you ever given me a pudding cup,” he complained as he lounged against the kitchen counter, watching John clean.
“It’s fine, this is-“ Sherlock’s breath stopped as John’s thumb brushed across his slit and he
“No. Whatever you have to say will be boring,” he drawled, picking at his food.
“If we kill the Watson kid, we’re actually dead. We don’t have a choice,” George reminded him and then he was already dialing. “Hello yes, there’s this kid on the street having an asthma attack, he doesn’t have an inhaler. We’re by Harper’s St and Theobald- Harry pull over,” he demanded, closing the phone and then the van was pulling over and George was untying his hands and opening the back, carrying him out to the empty street and arranging him properly- leaning back in his arms.
“He’s a bit odd,” Sarah noted. “Sam said when all the lifeguards were going over lake rules with Greg, he kept correcting him about safety. Funny thing was, he was right every time.”
John himself had grown up in a home with a lot of unwritten rules for each parent. But when Sherlock wasn’t in a black mood, which was most of the time, he loved Hamish endlessly and spent hours simply fawning over him. So John thought this whole set-up wasn’t the worst thing for a child to have to live with.
“What about you?” John asked, looking down at him.
It was pure curiosity, not malicious in any way, but he expected John to be angry. But John always surprised him. “You haven’t deduced it yet?” he asked, a laugh hovering in the sentence.
With the water forgotten, dinner became much more interesting after that. John and Sherlock regaled Laurel with tales of their cases and most interesting experiments and a few exasperating client anecdotes. It was a surprise to everyone when it suddenly became 11:30 and they’d been stalling over dessert for more than an hour.
“What the fucking hell was that, Stacey?” a strong voice rang out across the grassy field as sixteen girls stood panting, their palms on their knees. “Better yet, the fucking hell was that, all of you? I expect better from you shit-fuckers than a fifth-grade kickball game. Let’s fucking try that the fuck again, shall we?”
“I want to go back to sleep,” Sherlock moaned into John’s shoulder, smearing toothpaste into the older boy’s shirt.
“Fantastic, I had
“You said he
“Try and do it in separate rooms,” Harry offered from the hallway and the boys turned bright red. Cynthia laughed, but what was most surprising was Victoria’s reaction.
The icepack! “Hamish, are you alright?” he snapped, dropping to his knees by the kitchen chair. “Has he seen a doctor-“
“Really?” John looked up, surprised. He hadn’t heard them leave.
Sherlock kisses him awake. “Happy anniversary,” he smiles, arms wrapped around his sleeping solider.
Mycroft couldn’t help frowning as John and Sherlock burst into helpless laughter. John tried to silence himself, stuffing a fist in his mouth, but Sherlock ran in from the kitchen to beam at his tiny son, exceptionally proud.
“I-“ Sherlock started to refuse and then could not think of a single reason she should do so. “Alright.”
“Hey,” John said, sprinting to catch up. “You wanna shop with me?”
“I know love, I know.”
I was until you- talked to me. Payed attention to me. And that’s why we can’t do this John, because you’ll hate me. You can’t love me John, I’m not loveable and when you realize that, you’ll leave altogether and then I’ll be alone again, but this time I’ll
“You’re gonna ask about my dad again, aren’t you?” John said and Sherlock could only nod.
“Sounds dangerous,” he remarked, interested.
“Think of the neighbors,” John tried.
“It would seem so,” Mycroft said, unmoved.
“Please,” John begs, holding the duvet for dear life. “Please, just leave me alone for a minute.”
“How much longer do we have?” John pressed, letting his hips snap against Sherlock’s and the boy struggled to speak against his own hushed moans.
“Fucking genius, you are,” she smiled back and this time Sherlock did blush, a high red on her cheeks, before Joan remembered herself and slumped in her seat.
Lestrade followed behind them with John, handing him materials and filling him in on what time to expect the therapists, what times he had to call to check in, the policemen who’d be stationed in front of the flat, and what times she’d need to be back in the station. He promised to text John the details as they got into a taxi and then Chloe was alone with two strangers.
“Ask Mycroft, he’s smart,” John advised and Sherlock scoffed.
him, hands placed possessively on his hips.
Mycroft turned back to his nephew. "And how's, what's her name, Leah?" he prompted.
Yeah. Named Clara. I like her.
“Yeah, kinda,” Joan whispered back. “Not like, in a bad way. Just in a…lot way.”
gay. Well, I do hope we can still be friends.”
Hamish nodded, understanding in some small part just what trust was being placed in him. Children often don’t realize when someone has handed them their heart, Hamish no exception, but he knew he was standing on fragile ground. “Thank you for treating me like an adult,” he responded, because he did appreciate that, and Sherlock looked relieved.
“Yeah, sorry, it’s just, uh, you know that kid you brought?” Mike stuttered and John shot up.
You can watch that moon landing
“Some case, yeah?” she offered and Sherlock took a small sip of her soup before going off.
His teeth close on John’s shoulder as he slides inside and John mewls, like a kitten. “I love you,” he whispers against his open mouth and John mouths it back. He strokes John off in between them and watches as John’s eyes roll back and he comes, breathless against him.
“Harry is short for Harriet,” he said and Sherlock stopped dead. John thought he may have shocked the teen into silence but he was hardly so lucky.
Sherlock nodded but John reached an arm under him anyway, holding him up. They stumbled out of the house and John got Sherlock in the car, buckling him in.
care who John had had sex with before because John was
“No,” Sherlock insisted, wide-eyed, because while he’d done countless horrible things, that was untrue. “I tried to tell you, on the roof.”
Mycroft was sitting at his dining room table with Anthea, pouring over what seemed like a mountain of paperwork, when they both heard the front door slam and a voice singing to itself,
“There’s still,” he checked his watch, “two hours left at the pool till they close. You want to go?”
I adore you Sherlock.
“Sure,” John laughed, picking out swim trunks. Maybe he could drown. Specifically near Sherlock’s area.
Sherlock sits up from the headboard and moves over to make room for John without prompting. “I wouldn’t be adverse to the idea,” he says carefully.
,” Sherlock hissed and John nearly laughed out loud at the face he made, a cross between disgusted and annoyed, wrinkly nose included.
They both walk down the aisle, Clara accompanied by her parents, and Harry flocked by Cynthia and John. Mycroft does his duty as maid of honor and hands them their rings. They exchange vows and John thinks he’s never been happier for Harry than when they kiss, framed by a setting sun.
John stares at him. “That’s different and you know it. You kissed him.”
“Haven’t seen you in ages John, missed you,” she smiled and John smiled back and it hit Sherlock like a ton of bricks-
“Do they use a Lego set?” Hamish asked, cutting his father off. “Or do they go to a workshop like Gracie who threw up on the recess yard when she went to America she made a bear at a workshop and she got to pick out the bear and then a man put stuffing in it and then also he put a heart in it made of love and cuddles cause that’s what bears need to live not like the heart Daddy had in the fridge which was very bloody so is that where babies come from?”
“So was she murdered?” Joan asked, her voice nothing but even.
“Hey,” he asked awkwardly and Sherlock had looked up from whatever he was doing. “Are you really not gonna grow up?”
I'm a terrible person and I love it ;)
“London,” Sherlock told him and John smiled.
“Yes, yes. We’re on our way,” Mycroft said briskly, closing the phone. “They found him,” he turned to John and the teen spun on him.
You don’t get letters from your Mum?
“No, we are not Hamish,” he replied tersely. “We were not there the last time you asked, or the time before, or even the time before. We will tell you when we’re there but for now try and look out the window or nap, okay?”
“I had to leave work early today to pick up your son,” John bullied on and Hamish was only
“Still corn-friends,” Hamish vowed, grinning at in the inside joke. “So what now? We drive back to your aunt’s?”
“type AB? Who’s type AB?” he yells into the crowd of soldiers.
In the morning, they met in the lobby before heading out to the car. As they waited in the cool air-conditioning for Grimsbey to bring the car around, Sherlock found himself alone with Mycroft.
“What?” she asked, paused.
“Thank you,” Hamish grinned cheekily like it had been a compliment and, from the way Sherlock smiled back, it might just have been.
He saw the moment the fight left Hamish and John sat back down in his chair, reaching his arms out to pull Hamish into his lap and cuddle him close.
John looked at him skeptically. “Are you trying to seduce me, Sherlock?” he asked.
“Alright,” he agreed hesitantly. “But no-“
-call disconnected-
Sherlock spared him a look and he laughed out loud. “Right, yeah. Stupid question. Come here,” he begged and Sherlock practically bounded to him. She was taller than him, bloody giant, but he looped one hand around her waist and the other behind her neck, pulling her down for the sweetest kiss of their lives.
“Impossible,” John breathed and Sherlock unconsciously leaned in to whisper.
“Oh, no, Sherlock I didn’t mean-“ she started but Sherlock was already bolting down the empty halls, leaving behind Joan who stood there, watching her run away from the affection pouring out of her in waves.
“Seven,” Sherlock said and John hissed.
John eyed the bear for a minute, sizing it up. “They say you should make yourself look scary,” he informed Sherlock, who wasn’t quite sure who
What do I do?
“My father started a whole family with my mother before he realized he wanted to leave her,” Sherlock said softly. They were just teenagers and this was crazy, it was lunacy. Sherlock could’ve sited a thousand articles and blog posts promising summer love never lasted but here, in the middle of this bubble they’d both crafted together, anything seemed possible.
Did you miss me?
John. That meant something.
“Wow. Do you guys even own jeans?” John laughed and Sherlock blushed.
Hamish blinked wide-eyed up at him. “Um, not to do it without your permission?” he offered, unsure.
Sherlock moved his hands down to help John, tugging his trousers and his pants off to leave him naked in the dewy grass, naked and utterly unashamed. What was there to be ashamed of? John loved him.
Chloe was caught utterly off guard. “Thank you,” she whispered and Hamish smiled to himself.
“Tough luck,” John said unsympathetically. “You are not leaving me to face breakfast alone, where your mum and Mycroft can tell I gave us hand jobs in the back of a car by the markings on my nails.
John dutifully fished out the purple bottle and handed it to his tiny partner. “We found some of this inside poor Mr. Humperdink,”Hamish clarified for his Uncle’s benefit. “But why would Mrs. Anthea kill a bear?”
“You are impossible,” he groaned and smiled as Sherlock came up behind him and wound his arms around his waist.
When Sherlock had left the flat, Hamish had been scratching out “Hall of the Mountain King” on Trudy. He despised how Hamish’s tutor gave the boy such pedestrian pieces to practice. Worst, John seemed to think this was “normal.”
“No need,” Sherlock said into his hair. “I took care of it before I came in.”
“Who is it?” Sherlock asks and John leaves, kissing his cheek like they’re okay.
“We’re not judging you,” she promised. “A few of us are kinda jealous actually. And two people want to watch.” John snickered and Sarah put her hand back on the wheel, satisfied that John was alright. “So what happened?” she pressed and John looked at her.
“Incredible,” Shulamith praised. “We need more women like you. Gives me hope for the future.”
“His wife?” John suggested, not looking up from his book as he turned a page.
Victor is gorgeous. That’s all John can process when he opens the door to the apartment for the boy, a tall, tanned, well-built man with perfect green eyes and the kind of black hair to make a model envious. John feels significantly
kisses; he simply took the ones John gave him happily. But this was lovely, and Sherlock relished his moments of control as he pulled at John’s bottom lip, needing it raw, and John moaned appreciatively.
He set to covering the cigarette burn on Sherlock’s collar with a healing cream. “What do we tell your mum?”
“It’s just like the bathtub,” John had tried to assure him. “The pool is just like one big, fun bathtub. Don’t you wanna swim in the giant bathtub?”
But Hamish heard him and his Da arguing long into the night in the living room. The words “endangerment,” and “abuse,” filtered up a few times until finally Hamish gave into the temptation to open his bedroom door and listen carefully as his Pa said,
We've done it my lovelies! Don't you fret, Summer two will be up ridiculously soon.
John's face was completely neutral. "What'd Scotty say to that?"
He was clumsy, making a mess with the lubricant and fumbling with the condom and both boys flushed for different reasons. But first times are meant to be a bit awkward. He eased Sherlock’s legs over his shoulders, cradling himself in the crook of the younger boy’s hips, and gently kissed Sherlock’s knee.
“You’re telling me,” he laughed grimly and then Greg came out, holding a bundle of papers. He walked over to Chloe and reached out a hand to shake, making sure to stay far enough away she could refuse if she felt uncomfortable. Chloe hesitated before taking it and shaking.
He’s at a crime scene when they tell him. Sherlock is hunched over a body, examining fingerprints, when the black car pulls up and he rights.
“So ask Nichole to watch them,” Sarah suggested. “She’s not going.”
“I’m so happy for you, love.”
“He was a lot like me. That’s what everyone says. Mycroft’s followed in his footsteps the most, he worked at the UN, but he was most like me. Cold, calculating, analytical. Easily bored. Bit headstrong.”
By the time Joan came back, Sherlock had settled herself under the covers, shivering and still frozen from earlier. Joan shut the light and left the hall light on, leaving the room in a dim glow from the doorway and the streetlights outside. She handed Sherlock the water and a plate with warm toast before settling herself cross-legged at the foot of the bed, her knee just brushing Sherlock’s foot under the covers as they sat. Sherlock ate her toast in silence, sipping her water slowly as Joan instructed, and by the time the steady ritual was over, Sherlock finally felt warm again. There was feeling in the ends of her fingers and toes and she could breathe, steadily, listening to the sound of the broken heater in the living room do its best.
“-Argon, Potassium, Calcium, Scandium, Titanium, Vanadium-“ rumbled from those perfect lips like a prayer and John had never been so confused.
“Your therapist will be present with you,” Sherlock reassured her. “You are not required to say anything you don’t want to say.”
of me.”
3 days you berk!
“I know,” John said and then, softer, asked, “What happened with Irene?”
“You saw me?” Hamish asked, surprised.
When her turn came, Sherlock gave an uncomfortable smile. “My name is Sherlock,” she said, grateful for Joan’s hand in hers, the way the blonde squeezed it as she began to speak. “I’m still in high school. I like to solve mysteries.”
“They don’t let men in,” Joan explained. “Like at all. It’s a female-only space. It’s pretty rare, most gay bars are mixed. And mostly male at that. Hard to find somewhere that’s only women.”
“I meant someone your own age,” Anthea shouted over her shoulder as she clicked out of the house, closed thing the front door behind her. Hamish stared a bit dreamily after her before sighing lightly and turning back to his Uncle.
“There’s skype and phone calls and text messaging,” he shrugged, not one easily put off.
John thought, his heart physically hurting.
The fourth-graders looked surprisingly tempted and John bit back a smirk. “I think,” Jason said, speaking on behalf of the boys, “that he should tell the story, and if we don’t like it, he has to get us a snack.”
I might try to type up a new chapter on the plane depending on how much I like the person I'm sitting next to (or don't like them, to be perfectly honest) but I make no promises.
was answered by the now two empty glasses next to Joan’s arm and the unsteady look in her eyes. “Mary and I are gonna go dance, you alright?”
“No,” Sherlock told him, consenting to the mothering. “Have the walls of our kitchen eaten? Yes.”
“That was the most ridiculous thing I’ve ever done,” John laughed silently into Sherlock’s shoulder and he could feel the teen grinning into his hair.
“What the fuck did you do that for, you cunt?’ Ronda hissed. “You nearly got me expelled!”
“Not a problem,” he eased, completely natural in the plastic chair as he smiled back at Hamish’s reception teacher. “On the phone you said something about his art?”
“Makes me feel like I
“Sherlock, why did you kiss me?” John asked and Sherlock blinked at him.
“Hey, love.”
“Put your hands in the air,” the two police running out of the car yelled and Harry and George raised their arms slowly, glaring at Hamish who was still sobbing and clutching onto the paramedic’s legs for dear life.
“Yes,” he admitted. He’d been a bit shocked to open John’s package and find
And then they’re lost in a web of conspiracy and intrigue and John forgets about their anniversary plans until the morning of.
Wordlessly, Sherlock stood and closed his book. “One second, let me put this back in my bunk,” he said and John grinned.
“You’re the greatest Mike,” John smiled, clapping him on the shoulder, before closing the lights and settling on the floor.
But people hated it, didn’t they, when Sherlock did her little “mind tricks.” When she exposed them before they were ready.
“Do you wanna play with me?” John asked hesitantly, his right arm clutching at his left elbow, rubbing up and down as he stared at the ground.
“You ‘membered!” he cheered and John wordlessly picked up Sherlock’s makeup as the two boys promptly forgot about their masterpiece and remembered the scattered action figures on the floor.
“I don’t- Sher-you-“ Joan tried and stopped and tried again, and Sherlock let her, too shocked at her own daring to say anything else. “But you’re straight,” Joan settled on eventually and Sherlock had the decency to look sheepish, not even commenting on how that was barely a sentence.
your mind.”
“At least we know they’re being safe,” John pointed out and both boys glanced at each other before dissolving into laughter. The people on the street glared at them but they only laughed harder, holding onto each other for support.
“Sherlock?”
thought Sherlock, unbidden, but Joan was blinking up at her in a way that made her heart lurch.
Nichole was an arts and crafts counselor. She would stand guard outside the bunk for an hour if John asked her to. But he didn’t know if he wanted to call in that favor yet.
“You started the fight,” Sherlock remarked suddenly, shattering the silence. It wasn’t a question but Hamish nodded. Sherlock could see a wicked black and blue peeking out from beneath the ice pack.
You saw him?
The camp bathrooms were tiny. The stalls were near miniscule. But Sherlock followed John to the bathroom not a minute after and shoved him unceremoniously into a stall.
“We love you and you’ll do marvelous,” Sherlock parroted. “A marvelousness we’ll be there to see. Now go get ready.”
Shulamith Firestone was a real person and really worth reading about-
“I’ve just spent so long living in his shadow, you know?” Hamish went on, gathering steam. “I’m not even my own person. I’m Sherlock Holmes’s son. That’s all I am. If I go, they’re all gonna think I got in cause of my Dad. Or worse, there’s probably still professors who remember him and are gonna expect me to be a Holmes. Brilliant and mental and perfect at everything. I’m tired of it.
“What else would I do?” Sherlock asked, honestly lost. And really, what else would she do? Go home to the apartment and make makeshift experiments with the leftover Chinese?
“Daddy,” he grasped, hands clenching into small fists and his Daddy lifted him slowly, wrapping his long arms around Hamish’s body.
“Look at me,” John urged and Sherlock did, gray eyes snapping open at the sound of John’s voice. “I want to see you when you come." He stopped his head to drop one, perfect kiss on the younger boy's forehead. "You're so put together all the time. I want to see you unravel-"
being an excellent place to start.
“Obviously,” his Daddy promised and Hamish smiled to himself in his half-asleep state. He could feel them getting into a cab as he drifted off, his Papa’s hand in his hair and then someone whispered,
“Jesus,” Joan whistled. “How’d you know?”
Sherlock let herself into the apartment- still quiet at only eleven- and toed off her shoes before heading straight for the bathroom. The water always took ages to warm up and in the meantime she took her hair out of the messy bun she’d kept it stored in all day and set to brushing out all the wind tangles. It had come time, she decided on the train home clutching the fire-starter in a neat plastic bag and desperately missing Joan’s warm body besides her, to deal with this whole ridiculous mess nestled around her heart.
“Will you be back by ten?”
"Are you accusing your father and me of being old men?" Sherlock asked dangerously and Hamish just smiled tiredly at him.
“What if he’s too late Harry? What if he’s too late and Sherlock’s-“
Sorry if I made you guys feel like you’re not enough. Best parents ever
. “I am going to
*Phone Call- 7:05*
“It’s my devilish good looks,” he excused and then headed out of the bathroom to tell the boys a story.
family trips,” Sherlock explained sitting on the edge of the bed and watching John run back and forth to his drawers.
They work well together. Stitching and sewing, and he’s glad of the company. She’s quiet and centered, a lot like him, and when she asks him to join her for dinner in the mess hall, he accepts.
John had worried she’d panic, but she seemed too shell-shocked to respond. They bundled her gently past a sleeping Mrs. Hudson and up to the flat. Hamish had been put to bed hours ago by said Mrs. Hudson but at the sound of their footsteps, he raced downstairs.
“This is amazing,” John said softly and  Sherlock felt dizzy. Actually dizzy. What the actual hell was this? He was coming down with the flu, he knew it, sodding Mycroft and his sodding Uni germs he brought home with him.
“Yes, I mean we- yeah I want to,” she said, not at her most eloquent, but Joan bent double to kiss her anyway, holding Sherlock’s cheek in her hand and rubbing at the shell of her ear with her finger.
“Yeah, yeah,” Hamish blushed, waving her off. “Let’s go.”
“Right now?” Joan asked and Sherlock rolled her eyes at her.
“Put it away, now,” John said, surprised at how low his voice came out and Sherlock startled. He gently placed the mice back in their cage and the second the door locked behind them, Sherlock found himself sprawled on the bed, John looming down on top of him.
“Just for six years,” John said, holding him tightly. “When I’m done you’ll be right out of Uni. We’ll buy a flat together. You’ll work for the met, I’ll be a doctor. It’ll be horribly domestic and we’ll hate it but it will be glorious.”
“Holy shit,” Joan whispered, apparently caught up and behind her, remembering her job as lookout. “Holy shit, those are actual lock picks. How are you so good at this?”
in a way that mattered.
“He’s not the one going to the bloody army,” John muttered and Mycroft spared him one withering look.
The second time John has a nightmare, Sherlock moves to hold him again and feels pain bloom across his right cheek as John punches him straight in the jaw. He feels it dislocate and spends two frantic minutes on the floor putting it back. John wakes up, bleary eyed and angry.
“Well, you do now,” John said and he could almost hear the gears in Sherlock’s head churning. And then the boy smiled and John felt like his whole body was on fire. It made his stomach flip and his head think nasty things. It filled his mind with pictures of him pushing Sherlock against a shelf in ASDA and kissing him  senseless. Of dragging Sherlock back to his bed in the bunkhouse, damning his kids to hell, and snogging him until he begged for mercy,
“It’s-“ Mycroft turned to Lestrade and he shook his head. “Stable.”
with disgust.
Sherlock laughed out loud. “That is the most mangled version of that expression I have ever heard,” he beamed and Hamish blinked at him.
“Hardly public school,” Sherlock grinned and John grinned back. They watched the movie in complete silence for two minutes before Sherlock reached out a hand to point to the servant.
“Oh?” Sherlock asked as the rope inside him twisted tighter,
“Sorry, sorry, I won’t ask twice,” Joan promised and moved her fingers to the button at the top of Sherlock’s old acid-wash. Her hands shook and for some reason that made Sherlock herself less nervous, watching Joan worry for the both of them as she unhooked the button and tugged a bit at the denim. Sherlock helped her, wriggling down on the couch until they’d gotten the jeans off of one leg and then the other. Sherlock wished she had planned for this better; she was wearing a pair of white panties that had little pink ribbons at each hipbone and which she had owned since approximately eight grade. But she hadn’t planned on it happening today, hadn’t even known she was about to ask until the words were out of her mouth. She knew she could stop the whole thing now with just a look but she profoundly did not wish to stop and that, she supposed, was why she had asked.
“You must be the boyfriend,” Mycroft said suddenly and John snapped up, meeting his eyes. Sherlock was flushing and John could imagine the scene well, Sherlock yelling he
Joan, as it turned out, was a wiz with the machine. “Summer internship at a kitchen-based women’s publishing group,” she explained, and before long they were sneaking out the way they came, fixing the fence behind them.
“Is that-“ he stuttered.
“Yeah, I’ll try-“ John said, stumbling to put words together, the memory of Sherlock hot and insistent up against him still bright in his mind. But Sherlock was already unlocking the door and striding out of the shed, walking down the steps to the lake dock. And John could only watch him go.
John smiled to himself, up to his elbows in soap suds. “Hello baby,” he called back. “Take your shoes off and come say hi. There are penguins on the table if you want some.”
Sherlock bit her lip. “Nothing changes,” she said finally and Joan froze with the plaster in her hand. “Men in power will always be in power. They will always make the rules. Nothing we can do will change that.”
“Just twice.”
Hamish shook his head, grinning like a madman. “You’re bloody brilliant, you know. Best Uncle.”
The meeting wrapped up close to six, with Joan wiping down the blackboard and yelling “Remember, Monday after school, meet on the front steps and we’ll take the train together,” and then Sherlock took over so Joan could hold a short pow-wow with Kelsie and Marcie.
He calls Sarah the next day to reduce his hours.
“C’mon, who is he really?” Sally laughed and John stepped forward to shake her hand.
-message deleted-
“That bastard,” she whispered back and Joan stopped raging to blink at her.
Feeling exposed, Mycroft handed the chocolate over to Hamish with a spatula. The boy took it but kept staring at his uncle, shifting awkwardly before asking, “And now?”
“I’d give it five-“ John started but was cut off by the sound of Hamish’s voice echoing through the flat.
Still, Sherlock found herself excited for the time off. Joan had promised to help her type up a little monograph on 400 soil samples across New York- it would take them ages and yield so much incredible data she was already vibrating out of her skin with anticipation. Joan had also promised more sleepover and music lessons along with the unspoken promise of warm meals and the occasional case-solving and she was surprised to find herself almost as excited for that additional part as well.
“So, we had to confirm what A2s we’re taking for next year,” Hamish started, and Sherlock stared back, a madly confused expression on his face. “A levels, Da. GCEs? You take like four of them and then let them ruin your life for two years?”
“Sorry,” he said quickly, ordering himself not to turn red.
“I’d love to meet him,” John says, and kisses Sherlock for good measure.
Sherlock, being Sherlock, caught everything she wasn’t saying.
and it hit him like a shock of lightening. Broken people are rather meant to fix each other, because if the other person is missing pieces, they can fill them in with some of their own in a collage of something monstrous and workable called love.
When he returned home though, he nearly froze in the hallway. Soft noises filtered down the stairs, short and intermittent, but Sherlock recognized the melody all the same.
He honestly didn’t know. Never came up. And so he looked it up on the internet.
this is where she belonged, this is what made her want to
The door suddenly burst open and both teens looked up to face a guilty-looking Mike.
Sherlock took a minute to catch her breath, leaning back against the blackboard. “Hardly. I was only humoring you.”
“Sherlock,” he practically purred and Sherlock flushed.
“To the Yard?” Hamish checked and John agreed, respectfully not holding Hamish’s hand as they walked down the stairs and Sherlock hailed a cab.
“You’re not broken,” Sherlock said. Mycroft was perfect. The sun rose and set on Mycroft. He could stop the world if he wanted to. He was hardly
When he jumped, John half expected him to fly. Half expected him to spread his arms and think happy thoughts. But Sherlock was never Peter Pan any more than he was ever Wendy and the boy crashed to the ground like a bird with broken wings and so it ends.
” John had asked him incredulously after that particular revelation. The concrete behind school was hard beneath his feet, rough behind his back. Sherlock lounged next to him, hands in his pocket, not meeting his eyes.
They have breakfast in utter silence. The bruise on Sherlock’s cheek is a livid purple, angry and accusing, and it stares John down.
The thing was that Joan was, remarkably, very good at soccer. All of them were flying by the metaphorical seat of their pants, none of them having any sort of formal coaching or training, least of all Joan, but they put in twice the effort for it. Joan, for her part was reading soccer books in the library across the table from Sherlock and her bio homework and practicing drills in the public park after it closed for the day and spouting off soccer facts at Sherlock like they were
“I love when you wear my clothes,” John breathed on Sherlock’s throat, sending goose bumps down the younger boy’s neck.
“Harry is your
Submarine racing was a phrase more common to the fifties than to the early seventies but I think it's genius so deal with it. Guys would drive their dates out to secluded points to 'watch the submarines race'- an activity that is physically impossible and therefor diverts no attention from the actual goal of making out.
The two teens pulled apart to the sight of four mildly horrified but mostly wide-eyed fourth graders and a maniacally-grinning Mike.
“Forgive me for asking a frankly stupid question, but are you sure this is what you want?” Sherlock asked, his breath cooling Hamish’s curls.
Ooh, and now that I'm not updating as often, I get to do cliffhangers! Marvalous!
“Are you gonna kiss?” the voice said and both boys spun around to find a little girl of five standing in a swimsuit at the entrance to the cave.
“Sherlock,” he struggled out, trying to keep steady. “Are you sure you want to do this? You don’t need to feel like you- Ngghh,” John rasped as Sherlock’s mouth wrapped around him and he lost all air in his lungs.
Quickly, the burners were shut off and the needle was taken off the record as everyone flocked around the couch to where they could see the TV. Someone had raised the volume just in time to catch the newscaster begin to say “-from just outside the Supreme Court, where the nine justices have reached a final decision in the landmark case of Roe v. Wade. For those just tuning in, plaintiff Jane Roe has challenged the State of Texas’s ban against abortion, claiming it is unconstitutional. It has been a nearly three-year long battle in the Supreme Court where a decision could affect state bans against abortion across the country-“
There was silence and then, suddenly, the whole team was cheering and rushing up to high-five their stern captain. Joan laughed loud enough for it to ring across the field and Sherlock set to packing up her bag. It was going to be that kind of weekend then.
“I’m not,” John said simply.
“When?” he begs, helpless.
, pain came from the brain, it only felt like it was her heart contracted painfully in her chest, squeezing all the air out of her lungs. But it had been silly to expect otherwise, who
John was silent for a moment. “Sherlock, you can’t just fill your heart with science and think it’s enough.”
Thanks for sticking with it, and with me.
John and Mike ran out to the shore. The lifeguard on the dock, a tall boy named Riley, was on his walkie-talkie.
This cab ride was even shorter than the first and Molly was dutifully waiting in the lab as instructed. She looked up from her paper work as the power trio burst in through the doors like heroes in an action movie and walked over to them.
“I’ll be behind the dining hall at two a.m.,” Sherlock said casually, straightening his shirt and pulling the walkie-talkie in its bag back over his neck. “See if you can get away.”
“I’m gonna sleep here?” he asked, eyes worried and Mycroft felt uncomfortably tight around his chest. He made a note to call a doctor tomorrow.
“She’s so-“  she beat her head to the bass, pausing to make a face at Sherlock that left her helpless in giggles again. “Heavy-Heavy-Heavy.”
“Was that a pun?”
“Promise me,” he growled and Sherlock’s eyes widened, “promise me that no matter what your mother says, no matter what anyone says, you will never leave me for some girl with a passport to sixteen different countries and enough blue blood to run sour.”
There were six long seconds of silence before Laurel blinked and grinned. “That’s so amazing. Can you tell me about it, Mr. Holmes?”
Chloe and Hamish paused in their frantic chase of each other through the house. Chloe had jumped on top of the couch to seek sanctuary and Hamish was mid-clamber over the arm. “Yes Daddy,” Hamish called back at the same time Chloe let out a “yes Uncle Locky.”
“Thank you,” he said breathlessly, and convinced himself this wasn’t so bad. As long as Sherlock was his friend.
Sherlock blinked but when she opened her eyes, it was all still there. Joan, in Sherlock’s pajamas, who had refused money to spy on her and then cooked pancakes for the man in question. Who had heard every dark secret of Sherlock’s life and had not run screaming or looked at her with pity but who had stayed, and held her, and was now making her breakfast with a smile and with the same look in her eyes that had been there the whole time they’d known each other and suddenly-
,” he whispered reverently. Sherlock only kissed him.
How on earth did Mycroft know John wanted to be a doctor? Obvious- Mycroft knew everything. But he was wrong, wasn’t he? “No,” Sherlock said, just as soft. “He was fine with it.”
god, fuck me already,” he ordered and he could have sworn he saw the posh boy flush.
“Even geniuses can be wrong,” John promised, before kissing Sherlock again. They gave themselves two more seconds before running off to their separate bunks, grinning like madmen, where John made good on his promise and Sherlock took his second shower of the day.
Hey, I liked lower sixth. Did my first dissection that year
Mycroft inclined his head. “John, as far as I am concerned, you and my brother hold hands and perhaps chastely kiss behind closed doors. Please do not ruin that illusion for me,” he begged and John laughed, clapping him on the arm.
Sherlock’s eyes widened as the genius put two and two together. “Oh,” he said, slightly breathless, and then the vans pulled into camp. They opened the doors and all the counselors jumped out, hugging each other good night and heading back to their bunks.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Hey.”
“So what happened to you?” she asked conversationally as she soaked a cotton ball in iodine.
Thank you Mycroft.
“I miss the way your hair curls around your ears after your shower.”
“Peachy,” she smiled back and Joan squeezed her arm before letting Mary take her hand and lead her out onto the dance floor, giggling into her shoulder. Sherlock watched them for a minute, as Joan let Mary spin her in a tight circle before moving one hand dangerously low on her waist, Joan tripping over her own feet once, a bit drunk, before laughing again and forcing Mary into a spin of her own.
“Then you should definitely come to our meeting! That was some really good patriarchal bullshit takedown! Janet was totally stuck. Will I see you there?”
“Watson, eyes on the pan, the eggs are burning!” Marcie snapped out and Joan broke their gaze to flip the pan with one hand and flip Marcie the bird with the other.
Stay angry, and stay gay <3
John spluttered a moment. “Does it matter?” he asked finally, his heart a beat faster.
“Medicine,” Joan replied, now twirling a loose piece of hair around her index finger and Sherlock was actually going to vomit. She blocked out the sound of them making inane conversation and turned her attentions to the pool table. Heavy-eye-makeup was down to two stripes with her opponent holding three solids but she was cheating, had to be, otherwise why was she carrying two small weights in the back pocket of her skirt-
Lestrade eyed the two boys nervously; Sherlock on the verge of an outburst and John still, perched on edge. “If you want-“
“I enjoy this episode,” he lied quickly and then flushed. “I’ll have to call you back; good night Anthea,” he excused, quickly hanging up. He rushed into the living room and scrambled for the remote, flipping off the television.
“Thank you for doing this,” John said softly and Sherlock leaned forward to kiss his forehead in a surprising display of affection.
“Don’t start what you can’t finish,” he croaked into the boy’s exposed throat and Sherlock grinned against him.
“Did I wake you?”
“Just the way I like you,” Chloe winked and then tugged at his hand. “In that case, Tara says we don’t have to be back by any specific time. Come dance with me.”
She paused as the room broke into applause, Joan not letting go of Sherlock’s hand as she clapped and whooped politely. “Is this anyone’s first meeting?” Anne asked and, hesitantly, the Bushwhick girls raised their hands along with a few other scattered hands around the room. “Cool, so I guess I’ll give a little bit of the shpiel again, yeah?”
“I already told Mike we’re coming,” John sighed as his hands drifted down to splay against the boy’s chest. “He’s expecting us.”
“The better questions are, do you have a red dress and how convincing is your southern accent?” she checked.
Sherlock stares at him. “John-“ he says carefully, wanting to reach out. He’s not allowed now, is he?
“I don’t think you’re particularly entitled to that information,” Sherlock snapped back, already clenching her fists for the sting. “Seeing as you have been so ‘zappy’ these past few days.”
“Yeah, that,” he told John. “Now I know there can’t be any monsters at all! I even looked!”
“John, we’ll be fine,” Sherlock promised, resting a comforting hand on John’s shoulder. “Won’t we, kids?”
“Mummy always advised us to dress more…
He was cut off by the shrill ring of John’s mobile from his pocket. They held each other’s gaze for one long minute as the phone rang again and then John let go of Sherlock’s hand to fish his phone out.
John held his hands sadly. There was a time, not long past really, where he would have dropped the world to be with Sherlock. But now Hamish played three steps away and Mary sat warm behind his back, anchoring him to the ground. He would never fly again.
Sebastian was standing by the far corner, flanked by his two favorite sadists Henry and Sam.
For how long?
“Just fine,” Sherlock said and Joan put a pile a clean clothes in her hands, along with a blue towel that had seen better days, shampoo and a bar of soap.
“Of course I don’t know, you won’t fucking tell me,” Sherlock yells and John’s face thrills him in a sick way, terrified and angry.
“I take it the doctor was not pleased?” Mycroft said softly.
“She’s a Hindu goddess that I saw in a museum once with my daddy. She has three eyes. My uncle Mycroft only has two eyes but they can see the whole wide world like a great big ugly bird!”
“Don’t be ridiculous, how can I know whatever nonsensical rumors our fellow counselors spread if I refuse to talk to dull people?” Sherlock questioned, not taking his eyes away from the fire.
But the face above him now was ethereal, touched with sun and stars, and John thought he might never have made friends with that boy on the playground if he’d have known how colossally
“Sherlock Holmes?” he asked.
“At least yours don’t try to pound each other into the ground, mine make me feel old and weak,” John confessed and it was Mary’s turn to chuckle. They followed the group to where they sat by the edge of the forest and sat down at the back. Mary sent Keera on to sit with the other girls in the front and smiled at John, their thighs brushing in the dewy grass.
"Are you free for lunch?" his Pa asked and Hamish didn't even bother checking his watch. There were things you always made time for.
“Swimming? But Mycroft, you abhor exercise,” Sherlock laughed.
“We’re her foster family,” John explained in a hush. “We took care of her until her blood family could take her. She’ll be happier with them.”
“Like there was ever any competition,” Sherlock said, gazing at John with
“Pleasure,” he smiles and she smiles back, sweet and firm, with a wisp of brown hair falling out of her military-tight bun.
“At a shop in London, it was unbearably awkward,” John confessed, laughing into his hair. “The shop girl kept eyeing me carefully the whole time.”
“Of course, shoulda know. Why didn’t you come get me?” John asked, rubbing Sherlock back. It was sweaty and damp beneath his fingertips but he kept at in and Sherlock seemed to ease back into his hands.
“You have no idea how much it turns me on when you do that,” John muttered against his mouth, his hands coming up to dig deep into Sherlock’s hips, his own hips drawing dizzying circles, back and forth against the boy.
They’d concluded during one of Joan’s post-game showers that Joan could likely go down on Sherlock without serious repercussions, and that Sherlock thought she might be able to return the favor but could make no promises.
“Sherlock! I didn’t think you’d pick up. They told me you weren’t talking yet but I had to try-“
Six?!
Not an option.
Sherlock shook his head. “I don’t need it. Promise.”
For a minute they just stared at each other, both breathing a bit unevenly. Then, in an almost husky voice, John reached out a hand across the tub.
he thought and then decided to screw it and leaned in to hear better.
“No but really John,” he asked, as the paid the check. “What does Peri-Peri mean?”
“And Chloe’s parents?” John prompted, scared to hear the answer.
Sherlock was startled. “You’re… okay with that?”
“I know that picture,” he realized. “But the one we have, it’s my Pa holding me by the window.”
he was, seeping through the already stifling fabric of John’s sleeping bag. “They offered me a tent but I assured them I’d fine
Unconsciously, his eyes went to the scar on her left side, just peeking out from underneath her towel and she bristled, tugging the white cloth up as far as it would go. “I don’t regret leaving, sister-mine,” he murmured, as always reading her mind. “It wasn’t…productive for either of us. You didn’t force my hand.”
“Which is why those aren’t copies,” she said, practically glowing with her own brilliance as she snatched up the forgery. “Meant to look like them, yes, in case any authorities came snooping around, but not both filled out by the hardworking Ms. Peterson. One of them, this one specifically, is an order never placed, an order totaling well over $1000, that went directly into the pocket of Bushwick High’s very favorite coach.”
“Because I need something to bite down on so I don’t wake the fucking camp up,” John explained and Sherlock really did flush, pulling his shirt off with a motion so clumsy, it only confirmed John’s suspicion on the level of the boy’s arousal.
“I didn’t know you’re from Rhode Island,” Joan whispered, sounding a bit caught off-guard. “Though I should have guessed with your accent-“
“Too rough?” he asked, his fingers coming up to rub Sherlock’s swelling lip.
Sherlock had said, for lack of anything large enough to say that could hold all of the pieces of what she was feeling, what she felt every time she looked at Joan and thought
Hamish nodded. “I know the rules,” he soothed his father. “Don’t talk to him, don’t bug him, no singing and no telly.”
It didn’t take much to get his son talking. “Marcie McDonald who sits on the S on the reading rug said I’m her boyfriend.”
He shut the door and moved over to the bed, sitting down by Sherlock’s feet.
They wash each other under the hot water, scrubbing paint out of each other’s hair. John spends a minute too long on Sherlock’s face, rubbing his cheekbone with his thumb for long after the yellow swirls into the drain. And then John kisses him, strong and sure, backing him up against the tile wall and they’re desperate, sweating in the steam.
while Sherlock watched her brother push his hair back from his forehead and rub at his eyes. Every inch of her knew that this version of her brother, this defeated, subservient, small version of her power-hungry brother was entirely her fault but she pushed it down as best she could and wandered off to bed. It never did her much good to dwell on it.
He ran his hands through the hair between the younger boy’s thighs and rubbed at his hipbones like lucky pennies, committing their feel to memory.
They were barely out of earshot, stuffing some apples in Joan’s backpack, when the blonde paused and looked up at Sherlock with big eyes.
, “I mean that you are, objectively attractive it’s just- some might say- I guess I wouldn’t say that I find-“
“You-“ she started but didn’t need to finish because she watched those blue eyes change as Joan got it, became aware of what was blazing out of every pore of her being- what she should have realized she couldn’t have hoped to hide from Sherlock for very long at all.
"We've been talking about it for a while," Sherlock continued, unconcerned he was shattering his son's world. "The original plan was to both die in a blaze of glory sometime around fifty, but then you were born. So we switched it to retiring to the country to raise bees once we couldn’t keep up anymore."
Sally opened her mouth, suppressing a wince, and at that moment the downstairs door opened. There were frantic feet on the stairs and then John and Sherlock were bursting through the open door.
They’re never going to stop. Never.
“Ridiculous,” Sherlock scoffed. “I don’t know an absurd amount of things about you. What you want to be when you’re older, for starters-“
“I’m well aware,” Sherlock purred and John had to grab onto the small soap holder with one shaking hand to keep himself upright as his knees went out from under him at that sound. “Luckily, you get off on that sort of thing.”
“Just cleaning up,” he sighed, his voice even, and John hated him. He ran his fingers through his hair, smoothing it down, and then turned and did the same for John, helping his hair from where it had slid against the shed wall. Sherlock’s hands felt cool in his hair, his fingers long and gentle and John could think of a million other places he wanted those hands.
Sherlock repressed a dry chuckle at that. “I wrote this before your father and I were together,” he explained in a low voice, looking out the window rather than look the eleven-year-old in the eye. “I never considered, in those days, that my feelings might be reciprocated. That piece is rather…painful for me to revisit.”
Mrs. Emily looked utterly lost. “We were sure that one was innocent,” she shifted. “But this one,” she prefaced, holding up the last paper, “we really just don’t know what to do with. The assignment was to draw their favorite activity and Hamish drew this which he titled, ‘Doing ‘Speriments.’”
John sunk his fingers tighter into Sherlock’s skin and tugged him closer. Sherlock tugged on John's hair just the right amount. And John's blood was quite possibly on fire, rushing to all the wrong places.
“No!” Hamish shrieked, running to cover something with his blanket. “You can’t see! It’s you and Papa’s Christmas present.”
“More expensive drugs?” Joan asked and Sherlock nodded. Joan’s fingers were a steady pressure on her ankle, back and forth, never hesitating for a second. “When did you get clean?”
“Oh, that’s nice,” the woman said genially. “My name is Susan, I’m a mom over in Soho- “
*Phone call- 4:30 pm*
“He’s lying sir,” Sherlock said, stepping up and turning on his charm. “I saw the whole thing. He attacked unprovoked.”
That was when Sherlock had proceeded to get fabulously drunk and where things had gone a little blurry. But all he said to John was,
“Hello Hamish,” he sighed softly and Sherlock let out what sounded like a sob into his chest.
“Shut up- just-“ Sherlock tried and John bit down again, harder and Sherlock moaned.
“You would make a remarkable dad,” Sherlock whispered, taking his hand as he sat up, crossing his legs beneath him. The two boys sat like that, cross-legged on opposite sides of the small bunk bed, fingers entwined between them.
“I want to show you something,” Sherlock said and he struggled up.
“I can’t baby, I can’t.”
Joan Watson was, in short, an enigma. A puzzle that did pleasant things to her heart-rate. The only person that could get her to stay after school and listen to a bunch of angry lesbians rage against a deaf system.
Historical Notes:
Joan only grinned wider. “Ace! I’ll see you there, Sherlock!” she called as she ran down the hall to catch up with a group of girls in jean jackets who thumped her on the back and started laughing together about something as they made their way down the hall.
Mega points to whoever's been getting my chapter titles ;)
“You’re a very lucky man,” he says,” with a wife like that.”
Hamish raised his hands slowly, making a show of it. “Okay, okay, take it easy,” he urged in a calm tone. “This is something to do with my parents, no? I’m just the kid; let’s not be too hasty.”
“That was tuff, Sherlock. Really tuff,” she said, pulling back. “Thank you. I’m lucky I have you.”
I know you're going to hate me. I know! I had to do it though. *hides*
“I’m clean now,” he whispered softly in John’s ear, fingers tightening in the folds of his clothes. “You can come home Wendy.”
“Gloria Steinem-“
We did it! 13 beautiful chapters :) And yes, I quoted Princess Bride (best movie ever)
“Harry please, it’s an emergency. Please.”
Of course. John had been utterly stupid. Of course the camp would send lifeguards with a group of fourth-graders when they went
“Tonight, my house, we’ll make posters and put them up tomorrow-“
“Heard you the first time. Now tell me about your day.”
“Fuck,” the posh boy let out in a slow hiss and John smiled against his impossible curls. He unwound one hand to run it through Sherlock’s hair, letting his fingers snag on the knots. They let a moment wash over them, gentle and unassuming, before Sherlock sat up and started moving, fucking John in lazy strokes.
-          John
“What on Earth are you teaching my child?” he questioned, shaking off the lingering smell of cigarettes and hugging Hamish gently, ruffling his hair.
“I’m still surprised the two of you stayed together,” Chloe confessed, echoing what she’d told him through their letters. “Long distance relationships are always a mess.”
“Everyone’s gonna think I’m a pervert when I get a hard-on from fucking
“Oh shut it,” Hamish laughed, nudging her with his shoulder and she pushed him right back.
“I love you, you know that,” he smiled against Sherlock’s bare shoulder and Sherlock smiled back.
“Get him in the car, John,” Mycroft ordered, glancing around nervously at the road, and John did, helping the utterly silent boy into the car and closing the door. The second they were inside, Mycroft turned on the engine and started driving.
One day is too much.
“No, Sherlock,” John insisted. “This is Mycroft’s mess. We don’t get involved.”
“Yes,” Sherlock said, turning red. “No, I mean… yes. Yes, I want to-“
“I love the violin,” John said and Sherlock sighed, like he was giving up.
“Papa, I had the best day at school!” Hamish yelled over the phone. “I got to read the naptime book for the whole class and then I won first in the recess races and Mrs. Teacher said she was gonna hang my drawing on the outside wall-“
“You can sleep here if you want,” he reminded Sherlock. They’d slept in the same bed many times the previous summer but Sherlock had been more reserved since John had gotten here, re-testing the waters almost.
he reminded himself and John moaned appreciatively as Sherlock drew patterns with his fingers, drew ships and stars and pirates off their course.
“Oh please shut up,” Sherlock groaned as Joan ladled corn onto her lunch tray. “I don’t sit about trying to tell you when DNA was discovered-“
The film was boring. John had never appreciated it more as Sherlock turned to face him in his seat and raised the armrest torturously slowly. It was a small cinema and basically empty, with only four other people in the second row. But John was not so easily pacified.
“I am
John was far too chipper, considering he’d drunk as much as Sherlock.
Nothing. They’d talked, she’d laughed at his jokes, eyeing his crotch the whole time, and then she’d tried to kiss him. Twice. He’d pushed her off both times. After the second rebuff, she’d finally sighed.
Mike nodded and soon enough the bunk was empty save the sick boy and John. “Hey buddy, you feel well enough to walk to the nurse?” he asked and Chris nodded, retching as he tried to stand up. After yet another bout of sickness though, they stumbled over to the nurses’ shack. One of the nurses, Tammy, took one look at the green-faced boy and reached out.
I’m worried about you
Sherlock met his gaze. “Friends,” he said carefully, as if testing the word.
John realized with a shock and he almost collapsed.
Sherlock felt her mouth quirk up into a smirk. “I can try.”
There was silence as Joan stared at her with wide eyes before she swallowed. “That is incredible,” she breathed, seemingly content to just stare at Sherlock.
“I’m not upset,” Sherlock bit out. The lie was so laughably obvious it bordered on sad but John said nothing.
“-and the match goes to Sam, well done,” he yelled as Sam reached down to help a rumpled Jordan off the floor while the fourth-graders cheered. “Last one for the night, Sam versus Ha- hello John,” he smiled, turning around, as John closed the door behind him.
“Don’t ever think you’re the dominate one here,” John groaned open mouthed against him as his cock came up to rub against Sherlock’s, shooting waves of pleasure through the younger boy’s body. “Tell me, who do you belong to?”
“I had a dream and you were all wolves and you got eaten by big black bears and I was so scared cause I love you and I don’t want you to leave,” he sobbed and Sherlock cursed John internally for not agreeing to take the boy to the A & E.
You got my letter
“Injury on one of the hooks. Non-spinal, I’m bringing him in,” Sherlock’s voice said as they watched him lift the boy gently onto his board and paddle him back in.
“I asked about yours all the time,” Sherlock noted. “Why don’t you ever ask about mine?”
“Then fucking get me Jackson,” he orders and the boy runs out.
“We’d love that,” John says and they hail a cab as Molly, Mike and baby Lily wave, or wail, goodbye.
“Ignoring that. But we’re not doing anything until you’re ready.”
John laughs. “Because, they made you godfather. You should see the baby.”
“Sherlock, what the hell is going on here?” he shouted, charging into the living room. Sherlock stood by the window, violin balanced beneath her chin, but she lowered her bow at the sound of his voice.
She put down the drawing and then held up another one of a boy on a blue blob surrounded by bars. “This one the children were asked to draw the most exciting place they’d even been. Hamish explained that this was the back of a police car?”
When she stood up, Joan was standing next to her, holding Sherlock’s coat out. She swiped at it, unsteady on her feet, and stuffed her freezing arms into the sleeves. Neither one said a word and Sherlock’s fingers fumbled on the buttons, numb from the chill. Once she was fully covered, Sherlock wiped her mouth on the back of her hand and spit onto the sidewalk, her mouth tasting like bile.
I meant to write this in like November but then I got a real job in a foster home so whoo. And then it was gonna get written in December but it was Visa season and they really don't appreciate when you write fanfiction in the embassy waiting room. And then it was January but I had my research (the actual reason I moved). So really, it's a miracle this got written at all is what I'm saying.
of you-“
“Ah,” John let out, arching back. “Perfect, you’re perfect. I just need- a little to the left-“
“Sherlock, your meds are on the table!” he shouted into the flat and wasn’t that a bit pathetic, that the
“Why’d you keep them?” John asked, fingers interlacing with Sherlock’s. “They can’t serve you any purpose.”
Hamish didn’t answer but instead lifted his small finger and pointed to the strings. “I want to play
“Sherlock, I heard you hooked up with Jamie Kurith,” one of counselors, john thought he might be a waiter, called over, smirking with a few of his friends.
Her jeans were almost hidden by the shower curtain but Sherlock wasn’t surprised by her brother at all. “Figured it out too.”
“We don’t like that term,” John explained kindly. Sherlock had objected to it, calling it utterly infantile.
“If I told you I loved you right now, would you believe me?” he asked, arms holing this impossible boy even closer, fitting him into the curve of his body, uniting like puzzle pieces in some complex game of life played by villians and heroes.
He knew he’d picked the right assistant when John merely nodded and followed him up the stairs to his bedroom. After trousers, a jumper and trainers were procured, the Watson boys headed back down to the door.
"He was infatuated with you. When you started learning to crawl, he didn't leave the house for nearly a month. You were his life," John reminisced. "You still are his life, both our lives really, but he would not part from you those two years."
Sherlock swung a particularly good punch and someone a few stations over whistled. “Details, Hamish. Or we shall be here all night and your father wants us back before eleven.”
dogs,” John laughed. “You practically died over that spaniel in London.”
The girl came over and they hugged,
Sherlock pulled back and took a long moment to watch Joan’s closed eyes flutter open, to match her soft, disbelieving smile, before she reached out and smacked Joan’s arm.
There was silence from the backseat and John turned around to look back. “He’s out cold,” he congratulated Sherlock, marveling slightly. “Nice work.”
“Yes?”
Sherlock said nothing as Hamish drank his medicine and then set to easing him back to sleep, rubbing his back as he’d seen John do. As Hamish nodded off around four, he let himself relax. He knew, intellectually, that a hospital would serve only to make Hamish sicker. Surrounded by all those foreign germs, he was likely to come down with something stronger. Not to mention any antibiotics the hospital would give him would only lower his immunity to future diseases.
“You’re going to blackmail him,” Sherlock tried, desperate.
“Sherlock, he won’t be there for hours.”
“If it gets boring I can suck you off in the back row,” he offered, not even looking at John and the counselor had to pause and wonder what all-powerful deity had cursed him with the trial that was Sherlock fucking Holmes.
John’s fingers are digging deep into Sherlock’s arm, leaving bruises in the shape of fingermarks and it should
“Thank you,” Sherlock smiled before capturing John’s mouth in a searing kiss.
“Just rest, sweetheart,” Grace hummed, still petting Joan’s hair and the blonde began giggling helplessly to herself.
“So dedicated, ordinary people,” Jim laughed, taking a drag on one of the cigarette he nicked from Sherlock’s pocket. “It’s adorable.”
he hissed back and John pulled him away.
“Who’s that, freak?” Sebastian asked, glancing over at John who was pointedly not looking.
“You wanna change while I mess with the TV?” Joan suggested and Sherlock did, surprised at how at-home she felt in the little purple bedroom despite rarely ever going in here. When she came out, the news was on softly in preparation for the big event and Joan was sat cross-legged on the floor by the coffee table, rolling a joint.
“You are brilliant. How did you do that?” he asked moving closer, and Sherlock could feel heat radiating off of him, hotter than the fire.
up the stairs to John’s room, faster than any train, car or plane. John had barely even closed the door before Sherlock had slammed him up against it and dived down to capture his mouth. He bit John’s lower lip hard enough to draw blood and the older boy melted against the door.
The van swerved sharply. “Boss never said the kid had asthma!” Harry yelled back and George was actively going to pieces.
“if you love her, Hamish,” John tried using a different tactic, “then you’ll want what’s best for her. Do you think Chloe could be happy living like you do? With daddy’s experiments in the fridge and crime scenes during playgroup time and policemen coming in late at night?”
“As you command,” Sherlock grinned and moved his hand to cup John through his jeans.
To: Mikey@email.com
“I’m youth, I’m joy!” Sherlock cackled, his eyes brighter than stars. “I’m a little bird that has broken out of the egg.”
and sat him down.
older sister.
“They’re so interesting, aren’t they? Ordinary people,” Jim went on as though Sherlock hadn’t spoken. “That’s half the reason I keep Moran around, really. Well, that and his wonderful taste for violence.”
“Good,” he announced, standing. “And if you’d like, I’ll start packing you two pudding cups from now on.”
“I’m glad.”
. “Some genius scientist said it would get rid of my nightmares.”
“Yeah, this is Sherlock,” John said, introducing him. Mary gave him a once-over and grinned.
They went on every ride, twice. It wasn’t particularly hard- there were only eight. But it was on their second turn on the rapids when things went sour.
“Bushwick got an extra $2,000 from the city this year,” Sherlock told her, leaning forward on the desk to bring their faces closer, dropping her voice to a whisper. “I saw their tax records last time I got sent to the office; Peterson just had her file drawers unlocked, can you believe it?”
“Now Sherlock,” John commanded, grabbing Sherlock’s hips, and tossing one of his own legs over the boy’s shoulder. “Now, before I-“
“Radical feminism, for anyone who’s confused who we are or what we’re doing, recognizes the oppression of women as a fundamental political oppression wherein women are categorized as an inferior class based upon their sex. It is the aim of radical feminism to organize politically to destroy this sex class system,” she started before someone whooped “yeah it is,” and Anne had to bite back a smile before continuing.
“I’m so sorry, I promised my co-counselor a turn and I gotta go back and stay with our kids,” he excused and Sherlock stood.
“This is going to hurt,” he said honestly and Harry nodded, taking John’s hand. John squeezed it tight as Sherlock wiped the cut with antiseptic and Harry hissed, biting his lip.
“Bye Uncle Johnny,” she murmured and John blew her a kiss, which sent her into a tiny fit of giggles. Hamish was one of the few people she voluntarily touched, and so she took his hand and followed Sherlock out of Baker Street and towards the park.
“Among other languages,” Sherlock smiled and John looked at him like he had just told him he’d
Sherlock pushes him back gently, for all the world a satisfied man. Victor grins at him triumphantly and Sherlock feels disgusted at himself.
They all hugged, as one group, and Sherlock realized that was the first time in years he had ever hugged his brother.
“You’re a genius,” he said and Sherlock tried not to preen.
John’s tongue had become as familiar to him as his own and he sucked at it as the older boy moaned in his mouth.
“Tomorrow’s Wednesday, not enough time. Let’s go now; we can make at least six each before lunch ends. Library?” Marcie said, already standing up and everyone around her started gathering their stuff.
“I want to be a doctor,” he said, his eyes never leaving the road. Sherlock turned to him and for the fifth time that day marveled in the
“This holiday just got significantly better,” Sherlock grinned at John as they walked to their hotel room. “And to think, for four whole minutes I was rooming with Mycroft,” he hissed and let out a shudder.
The boy was a mess. Four livid bruises highlighted his face and his sleeves were torn to show off rows of bruises, cuts and cigarette burns. His hair was a greasy mess of curls and he held John-the-Bear in his hand like a talisman, clinging to it for dear life.
-call disconnected-
Once tea had been made and served, and Hamish had settled on the sofa with John and Sherlock sharing an armchair pulled in front of him, John nudged his husband.
“Brilliant,” John muttered and then sat back in the silent car, watching the road unfold before them. Suddenly, he started up and turned on Sherlock.
“It really is incredible,” Joan murmured beside her and Sherlock didn’t even tell her off for such an obvious comment.
One day, Sherlock called him Wendy Darling. They were sitting on the swings in the park two blocks from school. Now they were older and recess was mostly spent avoiding the bigger boys who liked to rough them up, and so they came here after school for a few stolen moments alone. John didn’t like being home any more than he could help it and he knew Sherlock felt the same.
“Right,” John smiled, suddenly more at peace now that he understood the feeling he got in the pit of his stomach every time the lifeguard even looked at him. “Let’s do that.”
, “or this is going to get rather traumatizing for them.”
“John!” a voice called and John tuned to find himself face to face with Sally, one of the nurse’s assistants. She was a friend of Sarah’s, he knew, but they’d never had much conversation.
“Feels like longer.”
“My brilliant son,” his Daddy encouraged softly, rubbing tiny circles into Hamish’s back with his fingers. “My little genius son. I’m so proud of you.”
“Would you ever want to get married?” Sherlock asks suddenly. He’s sitting on the bed, still in his tight pants and dress shirt, watching John undress with soft eyes.
“What would I write in this letter? I text you everything that happens to me anyway.”
“Don’t talk Anderson, you lower the IQ of the whole store,” Sherlock quipped. He leaned closer to John to whisper, “And this is ASDA. Some of these people can’t afford to lose anything.”
“No one ever tells straight couples to take their kissing inside,” Cammy said mildly and Sherlock nodded once in acknowledgement and then seemed at a loss for anything else to say, taking a sip in awkwardness and coughing immediately.
“I figured you’d suss it out on your own and save me the trouble,” Joan said, a smile hiding somewhere in the corner of her mouth and it was just then that a commotion began on the TV and both girls spun around to take it in.
Song suggestion: Chicago by Sufjan Stevens
“It’s because your father has a thing for drugs, doesn’t he?” Anderson taunted calmly from the kitchen and John felt his breath catch.
“Honorary uncle,” Sherlock explained as John grumbled something about ‘stupid kids’ and ‘not that short.’ “He’s a police officer; Hamish must have seen him with a weapon once.”
Principal Richards kept up his side of the bargain- “Blackmail arrangement, Sherlock. That’s what it’s called,” Joan laughed at her- and the girls of Bushwick Public High School were granted their very own soccer team. Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays, instead of sulking with Sherlock on various street corners, Joan stayed late to push the girls through their paces. And Sherlock, naturally, stayed as well, doing her homework in the stands and watching with one eye as the girls ran drills, smirking to herself whenever Joan’s yelling got into a tailspin of curses.
John comes over and gazes down. “May I?” he asks and Molly gets up.
John thought as he gaped up at the high ceiling and followed Sherlock up the steps and to a room. Sherlock dumped the bags inside as John turned.
“I love the idea,” Cynthia said cheerfully and Victoria smiled at her as Sherlock’s brain finally snapped into place. Victoria wasn’t as
“How on earth did you do that?” he asked, eyes wide.
“Obviously it’s hungry; it’s going to eat us!” John exclaimed.
“Not enough data,” Sherlock excused.
Sherlock spoke above the din. “I don’t have a snack,” he tried and the boys hushed. “But perhaps I could give you something else. Maybe a story?”
“I hardly know you,” John said suddenly, still sharing breaths in the small cubical.
“I trust you,” Sherlock said openly and John kisses him gently, prying his lips apart with his tongue, tracing the tops of his teeth and rubbing against the younger boy’s tastebuds, prompting shivers.
“Not last night they don’t,” she said. “You may have been ‘blitzed’ out of your mind but surely you noticed what we walked home in.”
“Don’t you dare stop,” he ordered and Sherlock listened. He really was an incredibly quick study.
“He’s right, I’m afraid,” Mycroft tells Greg with a half-smile and turns on Sherlock.
“No one knows,” the boy, an acne-covered teen, behind the counter said sullenly. “Probably not even Nando himself.”
“Don’t be an idiot,” Sherlock grumbled but he was falling asleep, John could feel in his limbs, the way the boy shifted from brittle bones into dead weight. John was drifting off too, but he held onto consciousness for a few more moments, gripping it by the tips of his fingers.
Sherlock tried again. God, John made this part look so easy with his bribes and distractions and impersonations. “You can walk around while you eat-“
“Thank you Mummy,” Sherlock said dutifully and John bit his lip to keep from smiling at the moniker.
Thirty minutes later, the two families piled into the back of the Holmes family car. Or rather, one of the Holmes family cars.
“That’s wonderful!”
“This place-“ Sherlock stuttered, turning around in his booth to gaze at the other customers- screaming children, cheap dates and overworked businessmen-  “people eat here regularly?”
That hurt him, Sherlock knew, and it gave her a moment of pleasure to watch it hurt him. But then her brother grit his teeth and laced his fingers together and Sherlock knew this chapter of her life was over.
“It’s only natural I should find you precious,” he whispers to her as he paces unthinkingly. “It’s your only survival technique.”
“Would sirs like cheese and pineapple with that?” the waiter asked, coming over and John shot him a withering look that had Sherlock feeling uncomfortable.
John was thirteen when he decided Wendy Darling was not such an unfitting nickname because everyone knows all Wendy really wants is to shag Peter’s brains out.
“It just doesn’t seem like the
him for how utterly calm his voice was. “The water’s fantastic.”
“You’re not supposed to be home right now,” he directed at Hamish, who sat at the kitchen table with an ice-pack to his face. “And neither are you,” he checked, looking at John who sat in the chair across from Hamish, glaring at him furiously.
And then John kissed him, so purely their mums could have been standing behind them. Closed-mouth and sweet, like summer rain, and when he drew back his forehead rested against Sherlock’s.
“I don’t,” she shot back and this was rude, she was being awful, but Joan just laughed and went back to the white plastic pipes.
obligated- to give something back, at the very least.
“It’s alright, Hamish,” John reassured him. “What’s your question?”
“Da and Pa send you their love,” Hamish told her with a gentler smile. “They put that graduation picture your aunt sent us up on the fridge and tell everyone it’s their niece.”
