“Nowhere near.”
Fifa - attention whore
fall, and that’s all that matters.
“Leave me alone,” he says to Dean, gently tugging it free from its hiding place.
Dean scratches the back of her neck. “Is it true that she killed someone?”
The sun is already setting by the time they reach the arena. Paige is glad for yesterday; it was nice to relax a little before the big day, and it allowed her to have a good night’s sleep for the first time since this trip began.
. “Hey, you never gave me the chance to say it, man. I love you too, dumbass.”
Cas finds he can’t answer, his mind bursting with information. “I’m…”
“Uh-” Sam starts, but Paige is already holding a hand up for him to stop.
Paige frowns at him, forcing herself to take a deep breath before responding. “Please,
“The big party,” Sam answers before Paige gets a chance.
“Oh, yeah, thanks. I just, uh...tripped.”
“A hunt,” Paige announces dramatically, hurrying out of the room after them.
“Hey,” Paige protests faintly. At this point, a giraffe could walk past her and she wouldn’t even question it.
{o0o}
“Sam and Eileen went to take Jack to the bathroom,” Cas says matter-of-factly.
At least they’d probably be more entertaining than usual.
He is in a graveyard. His head is bleeding, but he can’t find the strength to bring up a hand to wipe it away. He lies there for a few minutes, the sound of the wind and the thumping in his head and someone else’s heavy breathing the only thing breaking the silence.
“Je m’appelle Sam,” Sam tries. Dean fights a snicker and Eileen rolls her eyes dramatically.
{o0o}
{o0o}
“I- I didn’t mean to! It was okay but then-then…”
“I’m really sorry, Dean. I can collect my things and move out before you’re out of the hospital.”
If anyone thought he was snappier than normal, he could simply blame it on having to be near Dean for the entire day. Bobby was not nervous, but the poor kid was an absolute
hello! just a quick warning, this chapter includes some aphobia, so if you don't want to read it, I'll put an explanation of what happens in the chapter at the bottom!
It’s Cas who invites her to come with them to the nearby beach, but no one else protests. In fact, she’s almost certain she hears Dean mutter, “She looks like she needs a break,” while she’s considering.
At least she hasn’t said, “There’s nothing that could go wrong,” yet.
As beautiful as the dresses are, they are also the reason why Claire declined being a bridesmaid -
she decides.
Jo stands there, staring at him, her hands on her hips. “Do you want something, or…?”
Paige thinks, but it only leaves her with more. Why does Eileen look like she’s about to stab MacLeod? How do they know each other? Is she some kind of dramatic ex? Actually, Paige could see that.
“Thank you,” she says and signs at the same time, “But I’d like to talk to these guys, I think.”
“Christ, I didn’t know we were being managed by Sherlock fuckin’ Holmes.”
“Do you really think the stage is haunted?” Eileen asks conspiratorially.
if you want to scream at me!
“You’re welcome,” she replies, smiling and shooing them towards the airport. “Come on, you guys will miss your flight.”
“You go clean them. I’m watching Jack.”
Patting him on the head, Paige rummages through her bag to check she has her passport. “I’m sure some weird set of circumstances will bring us together again.”
“Oh, shut up.”
Sam nods, shoots him a nervous but grateful smile, and then disappears after his girl. If everything goes right, they won’t see him again until he is standing at the end of the aisle. Bobby’s vaguely aware that he should be surprised Sam can legally officiate a wedding, but there’s a big chance that absolutely nothing at this wedding is gonna be legal, and nothing his boys do or say can surprise him at this point. He’s pretty sure he lost his ability to be shocked after Dean casually mentioned killing Hitler.
They set off walking side by side in silence, the cool air calming him. Cas looks up as he walks and he watches the stars, twinkling so far in the distance. There’s almost no light pollution all the way out here so the view is breathtaking, and they stop for a moment to admire the sky. Even though it is beautiful, the stars illuminating the neverending blackness like fairy lights, it makes him feel so small. He gets the sense that the Cas of the past was so much bigger than he is, that he was somehow
Cas rolls his eyes, leaning over Dean to put his seatbelt on for him. “You’re worse than Jack.”
He was here on a rescue mission, because that was what they did. He was a Winchester. Even the monsters knew that he valued family far above his own life.
Focusing back on her own company, Rowena groaned as Benny launched into his story about Purgatory for the millionth time that evening.
He rolls his eyes, casually passing the container of salt into her trembling hands so he can grip the fire poker with both hands. “They’re idiots. They’d be dead without our intervention - three times over, actually!”
If you're interested in the shirts, you can see the ones I found
“What makes you say that?” Paige replies, tasting blood.
Cas isn’t sure how he could, but he nods anyway. “Alright.”
Diski siski - disco tits
His eyes skim the room again, and this time they land on the young woman whose mother owned the bar. Crowley couldn’t remember her name, but wasn’t Meg responsible for her death? Filled with glee at the new option, he saunters across the room to start a conversation.
“Nah, it’s fine. Don’t worry about it.”
{o0o}
Sighing, Paige goes back to ignoring emails in favour of playing an engrossing game of Candy Crush. Unfortunately, she barely gets a chance to scroll past a bitchy message from MacLeod before Dean, Cas, and Jack all rush up to her.
She sighs. “Full offense, but I can already tell you’re a dick by the fact you’re wearing a white suit, so unless you want something other than to stir drama, please get lost.”
There’s something in Dean’s voice, or perhaps some deep-seated intuition, that tells him that that statement is irrevocably true. The scene fast forwards then, his limbs moving as he is puppeteered around the room, holding a conversation that moves too fast for him to hear but that he still knows by heart anyway. Instinctively, he somehow knows that he is dying.
Vampires are easy, Dean knows. Give him a machete any day of the week, and he knows exactly what to do. He can decapitate a nest of vamps without a second thought, without even breaking a sweat.
The first thing Paige wakes up to (other than the urgent need to go to the bathroom) is an email from an American college student claiming to be Team Free Will’s songwriter. She snorts and deletes the email without even reading it, yawning and climbing out of bed.
Cas shakes his head. “It’s pointless. None of this is working.”
“I’m sorry,” Cas says quietly, eyes never leaving the now dried and flaky handprint. “I didn’t mean to cause you all this pain.”
Paige decides not to disclose that she doesn’t actually speak French. “Merci.”
It only takes the offer of smuggled alcohol for Benny to immediately warm up to the former King of Hell, and Crowley is surprised by how charming he is. He would feel bad about using him to cause problems when he seems genuinely happy for the special couple, but he was Crowley. He didn’t care.
Dean frowns. “He’s been dead for a decade. Why?”
“Yes?” Cas asks, genuinely not sure. “But I’m not sure how.”
Cas looks at her blankly. “What?”
Kaia tried calling Claire, but there was no response. There was also no response from Alex or Jo, which wiped out the entirety of their bridesmaid crew.
Cas didn’t respond.
Cas looked up at Dean, his brows furrowed as if in deep thought. Blood ran down one side of his temple, a matching stain on the headstone beside him.
It’s obvious that Dean must have had some kind of conversation with Claire before coming to fetch him because she is considerably nicer when they sit down for dinner. She doesn’t go as far as referring to him by name or asking him any questions, but she doesn’t completely ignore him and passes him the salt without asking, too. Cas finds that he doesn’t really make relationships these days; just forms truces with people who supposedly know him.
It would explain so much, he decides. The way Dean grieved like a widow. The way he wouldn’t look him in the eyes. Why he seemed to find his lack of memories particularly hard to deal with. He mourned not only for the friend, like Cas had assumed up to this point, but for the love they had shared.
“This is Sam Winchester’s phone. If I’m not picking up, it’s probably for a good reason. If you have an emergency, please call my brother Dean, and if it’s not, please leave a message.”
“Where are all the people?” he asks, brow furrowed.
Kaia grins. “I’ve got two elbows for a reason.”
“Cherry!” yells Jack, dragging him towards the kitchen by the sleeve of his jacket. “I bet we can make the tastiest pie in the world!”
“Are you asking me, or telling me?”
{o0o}
She frowns. “In the corridor where the bathrooms are. Dean was headed towards backstage, I think.”
The other man shoots her a tired grin, adjusting his duffle bag on one shoulder. “I’m Dean.”
Ian runs a hand through his mussed hair and Fox shudders. “There were these horrible scratching noises… it was creepy as fuck.”
Dean chokes on his burger. It takes several painful looking gulps and the rest of his beer before he clears his throat and manages to croak out, “What?”
I had a little bit of writer's block with this one - I really didn't know how to write their vows, and it seemed really important! In the end, I just kind of gave up and imagined things that they would actually say, so I hope you like them. And I did promise you the actual ceremony, so here!
“We should be getting paid for this,” Kevin grumbles, stretching his arm out as he swaps over with Claire.
“Dean,” she says, her voice surprisingly steady given the circumstances. “Do you, by chance, know a man called Jimmy Novak?”
“Real graceful,” he comments, raising an eyebrow. “Especially while wearing last night’s clothes.”
It hits him, as he lies awake in the darkness, that maybe this is what life is. Maybe you just drift from one place to another, forever dreaming of an unreachable place called ‘home’. In any case, he doesn’t remember, so he allows himself to sink into unconsciousness, dreaming of a neverending blackness and cosmic battles beyond his comprehension.
There’s an awkward silence for a moment, both of them working up to what they want to say, and they both start speaking immediately.
Kaia, Charlie had to admit, wasn’t lying when she said she was skilled with her elbows. Even in a sleeveless dress and all dolled up, she cut her way through the crowd with a terrifying glare and her pointed jabs. It was a mere matter of minutes before they made it up the stairs, where Charlie let out a dramatic sigh of relief.
Bobby doesn’t respond for a second, suddenly overwhelmed with pride. Dean is decked out in a handsome white suit, his hair slicked back and an emerald green flower pinned over his heart.
Bobby had spent the majority of his life handling one idiot or another but that didn’t mean he was patient enough - or sober enough - to be dealing with Dean’s stupidity today. Sure, it was the boy’s wedding day, but that doesn’t mean he gets a free pass.
He nods.
Claire thinks, and if Kaia’s raised eyebrows and smile is anything to go by, she’s thinking the exact same thing.
“We’re here!” Sam yells, barreling into Dean, and Paige resists the urge to groan.
In fact, she’s so distracted by trying to read the icing - it’s a pretty random thing to write on the top of a wedding cake but she assumes there’s some meaning behind it - that she doesn’t notice the way one of the confetti cannons twists in her hand until it explodes with a deafening
Cas raises his eyebrows, but doesn’t say anything. Instead, he silently starts picking up the (now slightly dented) pots, passing them to Dean, who puts them back in the cupboard they belong in. In only a few minutes, they manage to clean up the whole kitchen.
“You alright?” Eileen asks, snapping Paige out of her thoughts.
They each get their own outfit, made to their measurements and neatly on their own hanger and placed in a bag to keep them safe. Nobody comments as they each take the hanger with their name on, apart from to say the occasional thank you.
“Alright,” Cas says seriously, and she swallows around the lump in her throat, nodding.
Jack seems to pop out of thin air - it’s entirely possible he did - holding two boxes, handing one to each of them before plonking himself on the front row, practically on Kevin’s lap.
“How long have we got?” Charlie asks, worrying her lip.
“I thought you had them?” Kevin replies, eyebrows raised, and suddenly there are much more pressing matters at hand.
” Dean yells across the foyer, which only succeeds in drawing more attention to him. For him, Paige had selected a very…
rings in the back of her mind, and she shoves the thought away and abandons her toast to go and sit with them. It’s not like hotel toasters ever cook it properly anyway.
Eileen snorts and Paige drags a hand down her face. “I don’t know how to tell you this, but the UK never wins. Eurovision isn’t supposed to be political, but it is. All I need you to do is to not publicly embarrass yourselves and be able to sing-” she lets out an involuntary wince as she remembers Jemini “-and that’s the best we can hope for.”
The dancing continues long into the evening, although Claire felt like it had been a lot longer than a few hours. Not that she isn’t having fun; after looking for Jack and Kevin (admittedly not for very long), she had given up on her babysitting duties. Kevin could handle it. Besides, she had a lovely girlfriend to slow dance with.
“Sorry I suggested it, Jesus.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Paige blinks a few times. “My...children?”
Claire nods silently and walks off, glancing over her shoulder twice as she goes.
Paige laughs. “God, you remind me of my-” She cuts herself off suddenly. “Uh, nevermind. Semi finals are at eight, meet in the foyer at half six?”
The edges of Cas’ lips twitch, like he’s trying to bite back a laugh. They walk down the street in a comfortable silence for a minute or two while Paige rummages in her bag for a plaster.
“Well,” Eileen starts, but at that exact moment, Paige's phone rings.
His phone rings almost immediately. “What makes you think that?” Sam’s voice asks, a pitch higher than it normally is.
He claps Jack on the back, unable to conceal his glee any more. “Kiddo, it’s not your fault at all. D’ya want another go on the swings?”
“Have you ever watched the Ghostfacers?” Paige asks, grinning. “Because we’re going to one of the locations they filmed at tomorrow.”
She frowns, but her voice remains resolutely chipper. “Okay. Can you tell me your date of birth?”
Once they’re all handed out, Paige rushes back to her room. She can’t wait to see them wearing what she’s decided on. She thinks Dean might commit arson.
it's the big finale tomorrow... are you excited?
“Hello!”
“So, no memories at all?” Cas shook his head. “Okay. That’s...fine. It’s fine. We’ll work it out.”
“You guys ready to go?” she asks as she approaches the group of surprised faces, Eileen looking especially impressed at her quick turnaround.
Frowning, she hurriedly scribbles something down in her notes. “Okie dokie, then. I’m gonna have a quick chat with your friend outside, ‘kay? We should be able to figure something out, and I’m sure you’ll have your memory back in no time, so don’t worry about it, alright?”
Dean ignores her. “It’s Cas, okay? You don’t have to help me, but he’s basically your dad, so please. Please help him.”
Paige crosses her arms across her chest dramatically. “You guys better not be planning any sabotage.”
outfit. Which may or may not be a baby blue cowboy costume.
For a moment, she thinks it is Addy, and then she remembers the costumes.
Eileen winces at the mention of Jedward, and Paige wants to laugh. Yeah, she was never gonna stand in for Ireland’s manager again.
Cas stares at him. “Oh,” he replies, breathless.
“Alright, I’ll see you all later then! I’ll have someone pick you up from the hotel foyer in half an hour who can give you a tour of the city. Call me if you need me.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Jo’s back straightens and she cracks her knuckles with a grin. “Have you met me? ‘Course we can make it.”
“Alright, we’re in the audience this time, so let’s grab our seats.”
“I’m Ian,” the same brother says, before gesturing at the shorter man. “This is Fox.”
TRANSLATIONS:
“It’s okay,” Eileen interrupts, smiling.
{o0o}
Swallowing, Paige offers him her hash brown as an apology. “So, what did you want?”
Neither of them can keep from smiling, and for a moment, they meet each other’s eyes. Cas thinks that maybe it’s the first time Dean has done that since his accident, but it doesn’t last long. Dean clears his throat, his attention back on an invisible spot on the floor.
There’s the sound of something crashing in the study - the bookcase, most likely - and Kaia is already running towards the sound without another look back. Claire isn’t far behind, appearing from the front door looking slightly worse for wear and breathing heavily.
Dean drags a bloodstained hand over his face before scanning the area. When he spots Cas and Kaia safely sitting bemused in his car, he breathes a visible sigh of relief.
Dean and Cas are both harder to figure out. If she had to guess, Paige would go as far as to say that Dean doesn’t actually want to be competing in Eurovision, which is strange. She knew people that would do anything to be a part of it, and here he is, apparently having never heard of it before this week. There’s also the added complication of whether or not Cas and him are dating; they seem overly comfortable with each other, but they don’t make any displays of affection, and Dean calls Cas “buddy” at least once per sentence.
“Hey,” Dean says eventually. “Are the rumours of the guy who died at Eurovision true?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Somewhere in the distance, he can hear beeping. He is dimly aware that he should probably find this annoying, but the regular noise is slowly bringing him back to himself, gradually dragging his soul back into his body. Every single muscle seems to ache - his head especially - but there’s a coarse hand entwined in his and he feels warm and safe for a moment.
“Morning,” she greets, hovering by the table. “Mind if I join you?”
as well.
Cas tries to process all the things running through his mind, but he can’t find any logical explanation for what he sees. Angels and demons, vampires and werewolves and a hundred different monsters, even God himself… it can’t be true. And, if it can’t be true, then what is he seeing?
There’s a flurry of activity after that; it’s all hands on deck to get the Roadhouse ready in time. There’s still an hour or so before the ceremony is supposed to start, but they’ll have to let the guests in at some point or another, so the faster they can dress the place up the better. It’s all of emerald green and ocean blue; Kaia and Jody blow up balloons until they feel like they might pass out (it’s heaven, surely that can’t happen?), Charlie and Donna hang streamers from every available rafter, and Jo arranges the fold out chairs with a speed that probably would be frightening if anyone was actually paying attention.
Paige’s mouth may be full, but she still sends him her most evil glare.
It surprises him how fast the lie comes. Perhaps his time with the Winchesters has taught him more than he thought.
“You should get your own clothes,” Dean explains, taking the shopping off him. “You can’t wear my old shit and Sammy’s giant flannels for the rest of your life.”
“Back to business,” Paige says, leaning back in her chair. “So, order of events: the first semi-final is tomorrow, which you guys don’t
Then, realisation dawns on Rowena’s face. “Oh,
“Not enjoying yourself, mother?” Crowley said from the table across from her, and she pasted on a dazzling smile before turning around.
“Of course not,” Eileen responds at the same time Jack says, “Yes.”
Kevin can’t help it. He bursts out laughing.
Charlie looks her up and down. “You’re mostly clean. Go find her, I think she’s outside with Jack and Kevin.”
Plus, they did have at least 2.5 kids, so maybe he was a bit closer to the American Dream than he had imagined.
- is carved into a library table. Perhaps it contained some kind of deeper meaning; something to be remembered by long after their deaths. He thinks that maybe he can understand that. He ignores the look of absolute pain on Dean’s face, simply removing his wandering fingers and twisting them into his sleeves instead.
“No. I’m just gonna entirely ignore my job and watch Gogglebox instead,” she deadpans. “Of course I’m fucking going!”
“Hey!” he protests. “You love me anyway.”
After he makes his bed and hangs his clothes in the wardrobe, he wanders downstairs to find Dean painting a strange symbol on the floor by the front door. It is scrawled in red spray paint and hard to make out from his angle behind the wall, but Dean seems to be drawing it with practiced ease, and Cas can’t help but wonder what the reason for this strange art project could be.
Glaring at her, Crowley was politely tugged back around to his own table by Jody, whose expression could only be described as ‘fed up’.
“You guys ready?”
{o0o}
Time to get this show on the road.
“Okay?” Addy asks, her voice an adorable mix of confused and hopeful.
“I’m not done talking to you, either,” Sam threatens, pointing at him sternly. “Let me just deal with these two first.”
A deafening
The look on Crowley’s face when he had discovered that his own mother was the new queen of Hell was something she would treasure forever. There really was nothing else that could compare to the perfect blend of absolute shock and horror that flitted across his face in the thirty seconds it took for him to regain his composure, and she hadn’t been letting her forget her recent promotion.
Dean isn’t listening, instead pulling the boy into a tight hug, burying his head in his shoulder. “It’s good to see you, kiddo.”
His eyes come to rest on the table in the middle of the library and the names etched into it.
In a run-down bar in Heaven, there are five men sitting on their barstools and drinking enough alcohol to turn a horse’s liver. Where else would they be? This is the wedding of the century, don’t you know - the Michael Sword and the defective angel, the family who beat God - and all of these men have helped these boys in one way or another.
They stay there, eyes shining with matching grins, each remembering that night from so many years ago. When Cas had been Castiel, the terrifying angel of the Lord who had made dramatic entrances and had seen into Dean’s soul. He had never seen anything like it; in fact, he still hadn’t. Even God couldn’t shine as brightly as the Righteous Man, in Cas’ eyes.
Dean hesitates, like he’s expecting a response.
Paige thinks about it for a moment, and decides she has nothing to lose. “Alright then. Tell me when, and I’ll meet you there. I’ve just got to answer a few angry messages first.”
Taking a deep breath, Paige swivels around and lines the doorway with salt like she has been doing this her entire life. Dean raises an eyebrow, mildly impressed, but he doesn’t get the chance to say anything as the ghost reappears and he has to bat it away again.
“Oh,” Cas replies, staring at his burger.
“Right, if you say so.” Finally standing up, she messily shoves all her stuff back into her backpack.“You guys ready to go?”
she tells herself firmly.
“Dean,” Cas says, interrupting his train of thought. “Relax.”
Bobby waits until Dean meets his eyes before saying, “Good luck, kid,” and then the doors swing open.
(See the end of the chapter for
He likes it, Cas decides, this gentle domesticity. He likes waking up in a room with windows. He likes waking up in a house he helped decorate, in a room that belongs to him and no one else. He never dares himself to think about the future, however; allowing himself to think that far ahead feels like it would jinx the happiness he has found here.
“Joanna Beth,
“Cas. Uh, Castiel,” he answers, adding, “and I’m Dean.”
Anyway, the point is that it was a very stressful evening and yet it had somehow gone smoother than Paige had expected, so she had slept well and is somehow awake and ready before everyone else.
Meg and Balthazar exchange a loaded glance and Gabe laughs inwardly. How are the fools falling for his trick this easily?
“Come on buddy, we’re nearly there.” He picked the former angel up bridal style, shoving the vial in his pocket, and he ran. His arms ached and his legs screamed and he was gasping for air but the portal was right there, it’s
Cas is woken in the middle of the night to three sharp knocks on his door. Yawning, he shuffles his way over and yanks it open, but there’s no one in sight. At his feet, however, there’s a cardboard box.
Cas gulps and shoots a longing glance at the open back door, but he can’t leave Dean here alone. He cautiously pushes the door open and nearly vomits at the scene before him.
Cas just shrugs and disappears into the direction of the bathroom, snatching his phone from his bed on the way there. He quickly sends a text to Sam:
{o0o}
They sit in silence for a few minutes as they finish their lunch, Sam furiously scribbling notes. Dean and Cas appear to be having some kind of silent conversation, which Paige decides to ignore in favour of checking her emails.
{o0o}
“Cas?” he cautiously called out, starting to move a bit faster. He wasn’t sure exactly how long the portal would be open and he definitely didn’t want to get trapped here. “Cas!”
Cas’ grace shone blindingly in the darkness of the Empty, a thin ribbon of silvery-blue which arced through the air into the small glass vial Dean had brought with him. It looked like mercury, sliding around as Dean fumbled the lid on in time to catch Cas as he collapsed.
When Cas hesitates, Dean shoves him through the open door, only a step behind him. “Go on.”
The man’s smile slowly vanishes. “Sam? My brother?”
Paige grins. “Of course. You better not be defecting to the Irish side, though. I think I’d have to kill you for such a betrayal.”
“Castiel, do you take Dean Winchester to be your unlawfully wedded husband, to have and to hold from this day forward, for better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health?”
“D’ya think it’s true?”
Dean laughs and Sam raises his eyebrows, but no one asks any more questions. Paige deletes three other emails with a quick prayer to the Eurovision gods, before shoving her phone back into her handbag.
Moving her towel back a little so that they have some space, she lies back, sliding her sunglasses down her nose. Listening to the calming white noise of the waves lapping against the beach is just relaxing enough to ease the tension out of her muscles, and for the first time since this trip started, she finally feels ready to confront what she has been running from.
Jack beams up at him like the three year old he is, all smiles and adorableness and puppy dog eyes. “Can I bake them a pie?”
Dean's eyes look like they water up, but Cas can’t be sure.
(See the end of the chapter for
and then a
She’s still scrawling notes as she hurries from the room, leaving him alone with his thoughts once more. It was a strange thing, he decided, to not know who he was. All he knows is what he can see and what has been mentioned, and even that isn’t enough to give him the vaguest idea about who he used to be.
the third
Paige doesn’t even bother to unpack, simply shoving her suitcase in the wardrobe and rummaging around in her backpack for her phone, before collapsing on the bed fully clothed.
Cas and Dean get attacked by a hell hound, which seriously injures Dean's shoulder and nearly kills Cas, however they are both magically healed at the end because this is Supernatural and their son is God.
rings through his mind without context, and he takes a reflexive step backwards.
The redhead stares at her for a long few seconds before turning back to Sam. “Didn’t know you and your girlfriend could sing.”
“If you ask me if I felt any cold spots, I
Hello! First semi-final tomorrow, how we feeling?
“You know that Israel exists?” Paige asks, mock surprised. Dean just glares at her, opening his mouth to respond, only to be cut off by the door opening, disturbing the salt line.
Struggling to extricate himself from the tangle of hangers which cling to him like claws, Cas mumbles, “nothing,” in response.
Gabriel turns around in his chair, urgently needing a distraction. Not everyone is here yet; Hell, not even
There’s the sounds of shuffling and angry whispers before Kaia pops out instead, her nose bleeding and a bruise already forming above her eyebrow. Steering him towards the door, she doesn’t answer any of his flurry of nervous questions before they step outside the cabin.
“I’m not sure.” Cas considers it for a moment, and then decides just to tell him. “It was foggier than the rest… we were in a graveyard. You said you were going to say something, but I don’t know what it is.”
By the time all their hair and makeup is finished at Charlie, Jody and Donna’s hands, guests are already starting to hover outside. Ellen goes to hang around outside, making sure no one goes in before all the decorations are up and ensuring there are no party crashers, hissing at them to get the decorations up as quickly as possible.
I hope you all enjoy the finale tonight! There will be one more chapter, just a short epilogue, and then we'll be done! Thank you so much for reading this and caring about these silly little people doing silly little things at Eurovision :D
The downside of Cas’ nighttime expedition is that when his alarm clock wakes him up - otherwise known as a pre-caffeinated Dean banging on his door - he’s exhausted. And, as it turns out, moving into a new house can be very stressful.
There’s a laugh at that, and Dean gains some confidence.
“Uh.” Sam scratches the back of his neck. “Was their name Marie?”
the screen reads, and she groans into the pillow.
“Weirdo,” she mutters, picking up her towel and heading into the bathroom.
{o0o}
Somehow - whether it is down to Paige’s stern tone, a scary Russian and a nice French girl with excellent tracking skills, or a
“Look, we’re filming today and I’m not embarrassing the UK entirely by sending you looking like... that.” Paige waves a hand in Sam’s general direction, not looking up from her phone as she checks the time. “You have ten minutes to clean up from whatever extra-curricular activities you’ve been up to. And no, I don’t want to know what they are, unless they’re illegal.”
Sam is the first to break the silence. “Have you ever had a group like ours?”
It takes her a minute to calm her slightly hysterical giggles before she answers.
Now, all they gotta do is make sure they don’t lose him again before the actual wedding.
“You were what- Actually, you know,” Dean decides, shaking his head, “can you tell me later?”
Back at the hotel, Paige tosses herself onto her bed face first, groaning into her pillow. She’s supposed to be the professional here. One week of her life has been set aside for Eurovision since she was nine years old. For the last five years, she has spent that week in the country of the year, travelling the world and dealing with crises ranging from ridiculous to potentially fatal.
Ignoring the usual sting that accompanied the reminder of his mother’s death, Dean quickly got to work. He had spent months trying to find what he wanted; wasting away the days with unconsciousness and dealing with yesterday’s hangover, and the nights researching until he reached the bottom of the next liquor bottle. One day, he found it. It was a relatively simple spell, too. Simple enough that Dean could do it without telling Sam where he was going or what he was up to. In his opinion, the kid worried about him enough as it was.
The man grins down at him. “Hospital, dude. You got a concussion, and we weren’t sure after the whole rescue thing. Sammy thought it best to make sure, y’know?”
The dancing resumes again, after dinner has been cleared away, and of
he thinks, turning the name over in his memory. Nothing.
and who are also potentially responsible for a failed assassination attempt.
“I’m sorry, Paige.” The sincerity in Addy’s voice makes her heart break all over again, and she has to find a nearby bench to sit on before her legs give out.
She nods and they start the silent journey back to the bunker, every step putting Cas slightly closer to his new future.
“Cas came to me specifically,” Charlie mutters as she swings them out of the way of Meg and Balthazar, who are dancing way too close for anyone’s sanity. “Apparently Dean gave him a mixtape a few years ago of his favourite Zeppelin songs. He still has it. I think he carries it about everywhere.”
It only takes about five minutes to get to their seats, and they end up being much closer to the front than Paige is expecting. It isn’t long before the show is starting, and that’s when the real problems begin.
“We’ve just gotta keep him distracted ‘til the ceremony. Then we can unleash him on the crowd,” Claire responds, pushing Jack with a little extra force. “Where are the rings, by the way?”
- and he feels instantly calmer.
Groaning, she rips the door open, still wearing yesterday’s clothes with her hair sticking up in every direction, only to meet five faces staring back at her.
Kaia shrugs, still looking startled. “Uh, half an hour, absolute tops?”
He’s not stupid. Kevin instantly recognises at least six ways this could go wrong. But instead of pointing them out or saying a firm no, the first real smile of the evening spreads over his face. “You know what buddy, I think pie is an excellent idea. We making cherry or apple?”
They’ve barely stepped through the door before Odette finds them, squealing about their outfits and dramatically swishing her elegant forest green dress with every step.
“It’s fine,” she says at last, unlocking Dean’s car. “There’s, uh, a… raccoon.”
{o0o}
“God, she’s the reason Scottish people scare me.”
it reads, and he suddenly has an idea of who delivered the box to his door.
Maybe, in the end, all the good stuff really did outweigh the bad.
Another memory pops to the forefront of Cas’ mind, a more recent one. It’s blurry, certainly more faint than any other he had experienced, but he still manages to make it out.
Paige laughs. “This is just a rehearsal. They won’t be here until later.”
Paige doesn’t look up from her phone. “Marie said you’re supposed to represent an angel or something, ask her. Since when have angels been wearing trench coats? That’s my question.”
“Not exactly,” Dean replies, scratching the back of his neck.
She doesn’t take it, but she nods. “Zrdrasvuyte. Your Russian accent needs some practice.”
Last night, she had been too much of a coward to answer the phone, but now… Now, she is filled with a kind of righteous fury at how she has been treated, at how she has worked and sacrificed things for the person who she loved, only for them to turn around and throw her out based on a part of her identity. It is a betrayal deeper than any other she has ever felt, but that doesn’t mean she should stand for this kind of treatment.
she thinks, her brain roaring with static and not much else.
“Thanks, mom.”
The song changes, drifting from a more upbeat number to an old classic: Since I’ve Been Loving You, and they shift minutely closer, their arms wrapped around each other.
They hover in a slightly awkward silence for a minute, Paige still absentmindedly dabbing at the coffee on her shirt with a soaked napkin. The airport is reasonably busy, and she spots a few familiar faces from previous years hurrying past.
Dean flounders for a minute, attempting to sit up in his excitement before wincing and aborting the movement. “Really?”
“I’m here,” he replies, offering up a smile he hoped looked sincere.
“Apparently these dumb Americans are wannabe Ghostbusters and have gone walkabout instead of getting ready, and I need to find them. Diana, where did you last see them?”
Dean swallows, glancing down for a moment before meeting Cas’ eyes once more and jerking his arm out of Cas’ vice-like grip.
It’s the night before moving day, and although the week in between had flown by, Cas finds himself unable to sleep. He can’t help but overthink, worrying whether or not this is the right idea. His relationship with Dean is already rocky - in fact, he barely knows the man - and the only reason he is still helping Cas is because his brother persuaded him and he feels obligated to help the shell of the man he once knew.
{o0o}
Dean’s face falls. “Sorry, I forgot you… y’know… forgot.”
“Look, I genuinely don’t know what the fuck is going on,” Dean replies, “Just… put the gun down. Please.”
Odette crosses her arms defensively. “Now, Di, that’s not very polite. We should all get a drink together!”
What did you guys think of yesterday? I think Ireland getting her shoes nicked is hilarious but I'm sad Croatia didn't get through, I thought their song was a bop. Tomorrow's chapter has lots of fun stuff in, I hope you enjoy it!
As it turns out, Dean and Cas have very different tastes. When finally given the chance to choose what his living quarters look like, Cas insists on comfort. He likes cute, soft things, and although he grumbles, Dean always buys something if he asks (generally speaking. He said no after three bee plushies, unfortunately). He picks the cosiest cushions and the thickest blankets, insisting on more than he actually needs because he can tell that Dean secretly wants one but is too insecure to buy it for himself.
“Believe me,” Paige replies with a dismissive wave, already heading for the doors. “That’s a fairly tame outfit compared to some of the stuff you’ll see.”
Eventually, he rolled over to face the sky, a wide grin on his face. It was finally time for
It was funny, he thought as he stretched out and yawned in a dramatic show of waking up, how much the Winchesters had managed to change his world. When your world is made up of a few weeks, a single family, and not a lot more, it was the little things that seemed to change your understanding of everything.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You had me worried for a moment,” Dean grinned, clapping his hand on Cas’ shoulder.
she’s flirting with you, right?”
“Are you alright?” Cas asks from behind her, helping her up.
“Dean…”
Dean snorts, gently taking her makeshift weapon off her. “Congratulations. You just helped bust your first ghost.”
Something tells her that no one else will answer their phone either.
“‘Course I am! Go warn your girlfriend,” she says, yanking the door open and bowing as she exits. “Good luck on your quest, young paladin!”
“Alright, then,” he announced, leaving the room that they had been holed up in. “Let’s buy a fucking house.”
He can’t even remember his own name. What had the man called him? Cas?
Cas smiles up at Dean. “Mind if I go first?”
“No?” Kaia replies, eyebrows raised.
“First of all, it’s almost impossible for you to be in the wrong place at the wrong time from the moment you set foot in that arena, so don’t worry about it. There are literally staff everywhere. We don’t know where you’ll be in the running order until after the semi-final, but you’ll probably stay backstage before that and in the green room afterwards. My best advice is to just enjoy the show and try not to panic.”
“Can we listen to this one?” he asks tentatively, offering
), Russia (the favourite: Diana may be terrifying but
“I’m fine,” Dean replies, his sentence punctuated by a nasty sounding cough. Cas raises an eyebrow, and he chuckles. “Well, obviously I’ve been better, but I’m not dead, so…”
Dean raises an eyebrow, clearly impressed. “And
“Oh, come on,” Dean says, exasperated. “I’ve done a lot worse to you. Hell, you’ve done a lot worse to me, and we’ve always worked through it. Although I suppose,” he scoffs, “you don’t even remember that now.”
in neat cursive.
“Joanna Beth!” comes Ellen’s voice from across the room, and they both startle and pull away. “You better not be responsible for this mess upstairs!”
Kevin can’t help but smile a little at that as he disappears down a hallway. The Winchesters may be a giant pain in his ass, but no one can deny that they do make a pretty good family.
It is common knowledge that John Winchester was never around for his kids in life, so no one even bats an eye when he continues this trend in death. When asked about her husband, Mary simply smiles and politely says he couldn’t make it, carefully tucking her bruised knuckles behind her back.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Where’s the rest of you?” she says instead. She’d learnt the hard way that people don’t usually appreciate you dragging them out of bed fifteen minutes early under the assumption they’ll run late.
“Heimlich maneuver?” Claire asks, rubbing her face in her hands.
“I’ve never had European alcohol,” he says with a grin, already dragging Cas along with him, Odette hot on their heels.
Balthazar raises an eyebrow, clearly not interested in Gabe’s attempt at starting trouble. “Cassie apologised for that. Besides, that was ages ago. I moved on.”
“Do you think they’re using ghosts to kill people?” Jack asks much too sincerely.
Kozyol - goat
{o0o}
“Oh, girls,” Donna coos when she sees them, Charlie giving her a little dramatic twirl. “You look gorgeous!”
Crowley huffed. “I’m having a great time.”
“What’s up?” Dean asks, appearing out of nowhere and plonking himself next to Paige with the biggest plate of food she’d ever seen.
“Absolutely! Grab us all the tape you can find and then we can talk.”
“What’s up?” Ian Brendan says, arriving with his brother. By now, there’s a small crowd of people surrounding Paige, and she intends to use all of them.
Just as she is considering going to fetch her contestants, Sam comes barrelling down the hallway with Eileen in tow. “Sorry,” he practically yells, clearly a little out of breath. “We didn’t mean to be late.”
Diana doesn’t follow, instead stopping to size Sam up. “You look like you could handle your drink,
“Are you sure?” Kaia asks, even though she’s already moving.
Kevin’s eyes widen in panic. “Where are they then?”
Cas immediately likes her.
A few minutes later, he hears a commotion in the hallway. “What do you mean I can’t go in? He’s family!” the man shouts. The doctor’s reply is quieter, so he can’t hear what is said, but she enters the room alone a few seconds later, so it must have worked.
Cas can’t quite put a number on the list of things he doesn’t remember for obvious reasons, but every day he manages to realise that he doesn’t know something else about himself. Today, since most of the hunters are out doing whatever they don’t want him to know, he allows himself the luxury of a longer shower. With the time to finally linger, Cas decides to inspect every inch of his skin in the mirror.
The man - Dean - drags his hands over his face again, pulling his cheeks down as he does. For a moment, he looks like a ghost; his eyes seem sunken into their sockets and the bags under his eyes look like ink.
Then, she locks eyes with the man watching her fondly from across the room and she makes a split-second decision.
They are silent for a moment as they come to the same conclusion.
“Jody’s agreed to let you stay at an old hunting lodge that she owns and doesn’t use anymore, so Dean’s gonna drive you both up in a little bit. If that’s okay with you, of course?”
Jack beams up at her. “I have pockets!”
Currently, they were distracting him by taking turns pushing him on a swing set that he had conjured up around the back of the Roadhouse. Ash watches them from the back door, amused, as he grinds his cigarette into the ground with a smile.
They sit like that for a moment, Paige waiting for an explanation when there is clearly none forthcoming.
“Sure can,” Paige responds quickly, already planning what she’ll have to do. “You think this is my first Eurovision?”
By the third attempt, Sam is clearly struggling to come up with more things that could possibly trigger Cas’ memory. “The doctor said we couldn’t tell you your memories outright, but I thought maybe I could just try telling you some names to see if you recognise them?”
Paige is running on three hours of sleep. She hasn’t had time to shower, so her hair is still crusty with the copious amounts of hairspray she had put in it yesterday. There are dark bags under her eyes and her head is pounding with a hangover.
talented makeup team - the UK act gets on stage at the right time, and they kick it out of the park.
As the Empty takes him, Cas knows that no matter what happens next, there is no way he could ever regret this. He had saved his son and the love of his life, and freed himself in the process. Even with his final breath, he was smiling.
“What’s going on?” Ciara asks, ignoring Diana entirely.
“Yeah, might’ve been. Anyway, he’s much more demanding than most of the agents I deal with, and I haven’t figured out whether I’m jealous of you or pity you yet. Shall I make a reservation for dinner at seven?”
“Good.”
Shutting his eyes, he desperately tries to remember how he got here. When he can’t find the answer, he pictures the man by his bedside in his mind, searching for a name.
Alex smiles sheepishly. “Probably a good idea. And thanks, by the way.”
“Is it time for the free booze yet?” Bobby asks, his usually grumpy expression twisted into a fond smile, and Dean lets out a full laugh.
“Yeah, I just…” He gestures at the mess. “I was trying to see if we had anything for breakfast.”
she signs and Sam grins.
As it turns out, it’s surprisingly difficult to keep the many adults hovering about the place out of the kitchen while they try and clean up the confetti. Jo is delicately picking the coloured bits of paper of the cake, biting her lip in concentration, while Alex deals with the rest of it. She managed to sweep most of it up quite quickly, but there is still some on the table of food and on the floor.
MacLeod looks almost as surprised as he is. “Samuel?”
The two men are perfectly polite and civil to him (well, he gets the feeling that this is as civil as Dean gets, anyhow), but Cas can tell that they were weirded out by the whole situation. Which was reasonable, given the circumstances, but still left him feeling like he was somehow intruding.
“So,” Sam says. “Alaska?”
If the frantic journey to Milford was bad, the slow solemn trip back is excruciating.
Better to stay on the road, stay busy.
The research room is below the infirmary and is named, Sam informed him once, because the Letters used to conduct questionably-ethical experiments down here. They hardly ever use it for anything now, but some of the Apocalypse World hunters cleaned it up when they were here and Dean was-- well. Otherwise occupied.
No, it’s not.
Dean doesn’t look at where he knows Sam will have the puppy eyes on full blast, the manipulative little shit. He doesn’t even bother to grab buns, or cheese, or sauce. He just heads straight to his room with his plain ass frozen beef.
“Hey man,” Dean says, leans casual-like against the wall next to Joey.
She looks between them slowly, like she hasn’t known them long enough to know this kind of absurd longshot is standard, then seems to realise they aren’t joking and her smirk falls into resigned acceptance.
Dean, who is running purely on leftover adrenaline, knows they’re all too busy quietly falling apart for small talk, so he turns Sammy’s favourite Soft Rock station on low to gently break the oppressive silence.
Cas sighed and shifted so that Dean could see his hands.  One of them showed a thin line of glowing white light, like angel grace was peeking out of it.  The cut was deep and it extended below the sleeve.  It was long, thin, and extended down, from Cas’s palm, disappearing under his sleeve.
“Cas…”
“Stay there…  Just…  Tell me when you're gonna... cum…”
“Like I said, I think we should figure out how to close it.  I don’t know the ritual.”
Dean smirked at him and raised an eyebrow.  Castiel would have sunk to his knees right there if Dean had asked.  He would have stuck his face right into Dean’s crotch and gotten everything nice and wet and hard if Dean made any indication that he might want him to.
“I don't know anyone else who-”
“If you want.”
Dean’s soul burned brighter than any sun.  It seemed to recognise him, unfurling and expanding  in a roaring joyous flame.  There were no words for it.  Dean knew him in his soul and his soul welcomed Castiel with profound love.  It opened itself to him the way Dean usually couldn’t.  It was the most pure a declaration could get.  Castiel’s grace, injured though it was, practically snuggled up to Dean’s soul.  Castiel posed the question, not in words, but in intent; may I?
Sam decided to edit that part out of the notes he would share with Dean later.  Sam also decided to keep to himself that he did not believe that Cas would want to kill a baby.  He had his doubts about pre-Winchesters Castiel.  That guy may hurt a child.  This Cas, the one that Sam knew, would literally kill himself before letting an infant be butchered. At least if it were Dean’s infant.
Castiel bowed his head, allowing himself to be vulnerable.  He rotated his hips.  He needed more.  It was good, but it wasn’t enough.  He needed Dean’s knot, the needed Dean’t teeth. He needed Dean’s cum.  Dean shushed him and Castiel realised that he had been begging.  He wined long and low.
“I’m here to make things a bit easier for you.”
“I gotta call bullshit on that Cas.”
Dean did not like the way he smelled, Castiel’s heat addled mind supplied unhelpfully. If he couldn’t have Dean, he didn’t want a knot at all.  His whole lower body throbbed painfully at the thought of taking any other knot.  He balked at the thought.  He curled up in a ball of naked angel flesh. He felt weak and shaky.  The muscles in his channel were clenching on nothing.  His dick hurt from how hard he was and how long he had been hard.  Someone was making a pathetic muling sound.  A pained whine that made his headache.  He was so wet.  When he moved his legs, they slid through a slippery substance.  The whining, and the wetness were both coming from him.  If he was in heat, this would track. His mind slipped to what Dean’s knot looked like. He knew what Dean looked like naked.  He had put Dean’s body back together after Hell.  He had not seen Dean’s knot, engorged with blood, swollen and pink.  Full…  He wanted to be full…  Castiel couldn’t stop himself from crying out, from the emptiness. The emptiness was painful.  He was so hot.  He was burning.
Dean finally raised his eyes and nodded.
“Yeah…”
“They Dean.”
Dean’s voice cracked and wavered.  Cas locked eyes with him before rolling his hips sinfully.  Dean made a noise he didn’t know he could make.  The friction… The heat and smoothness of Cas inside him…  The slick…  Cas set a slow sensuous pace, watching Dean’s face the whole time.  He told Dean that it was the most wonderful feeling.  He praised Dean for opening up so well.  He told Dean that his body was perfect.  Cas then proceeded to grab Dean’s hips and ‘please Dean please may I go faster?  May I use your precious body harder?’  That seriously did it for Dean, who just nodded really fast.  Cas applied more slick and slammed in.  Cas was petting his chest and his hair, but fucking him hard and fast.  As it turned out, that's how Dean liked to be fucked.  He clamped his arms and legs around Cas and howled eloquent encouragements such as: fuck yes, and oh yeah.  Cas couldn’t last, even with his angel dick.  He snarled and came, deep inside of Dean.  His hips stuttered a couple of times until he slipped out, trading sloppy kisses with Dean.  Cas rolled off of him but beckoned to him.
“But guess what?” Chuck says, soft and mocking. “Just like you, they didn’t think they were gonna do it either. But they did. And you will too.”
Enjoy!
It isn’t until later - when Baby craps out on him, blows all her spark plugs at once, which is basically impossible at any given time and never mind that he tuned her up last week - that it really feels personal.
, sat here months ago and talked about destiny and hope and--
“Why?”
Any excuse will do, but nothing is pinging any alarms. He sneaks off for a shower, goes the long way when he hears giggling in the kitchen, and scrubs himself down so fast he can’t even enjoy the water pressure.
“--this might get messy--”
Would they even still be hunting if Chuck hadn’t kept nudging them back into the game? He thinks of all the times he and Sam disagreed, fought, walked away from each other. Over Dad, because of Ruby, after Lucifer, about Cas, the Campbells, Crowley, Amy, Benny, Gadreel, the Mark, Amara, Mom, the British Men of Letters, Jack… ever since Stanford it’s been one conflict after another and sometimes they have outright hated one another for it.
It’s been one thing after another for weeks, months, friggin’ years, and Dean never did learn how to open up until all his bullshit bubbled right over. The anger is more familiar than anything else curdling in his stomach, he clings to it like a comfort blanket.
He’d been talking about the Trials, known then that Sam would have to die to complete them and had let them dive in blind anyway, the prick. But….
He goes to lay in the dark of his bedroom. Stares blindly at the ceiling. Even manages to zone out listening to the hum of the showers running down the hall. But eventually the water cuts off, and without the white noise to quiet his thoughts there’s exactly zero chance Dean will actually drift off.
“Yeah. If, uh. If she needs something from me she’ll tell me,” he folds his hands together, prim and proper, what an old lady. “We have an agreement.”
, Donny is right there with the voice of god and, apparently, his extending ears!
“You can just do that?”
“I’m sorry it took me until now to say it,” Dean says to his knees instead. He should have apologised ages ago, except that he was scared it wouldn't be enough. “Cas, I’m so sorry.”
Dean sighs through his nose, steels himself.
Fortuna was clearly going easy in her down-on-her-luck disguise, but not too easy. Sammy’s no pushover, though, and he pots two on the break. He follows it up with two more, atta boy, and Fortuna goes from Mostly-Mute Moira to a regular Chatty Cathy.
Dean does remember, because they were so high they’d lost track of time and if John had barged in 15 minutes sooner, he’d have caught Dean on his knees with a mouthful of cock and that would have been much, much worse.
me to shoot him? Of course not!”
His nerves were already amped up before Sam reading him the riot act, what with Chuck turning Donny into a walking bluetooth receptor and the thought of facing Michael again.
It’s pure luck that the phone rings before he’s done more than stand up. They keep the phones in the centre of Bunker, but for all that the corridors echo and the doors creak, sound doesn’t travel well between rooms down here. He wouldn’t have heard it from his bedroom.
Sam thinks maybe they never could, but Dean remembers the drills with dad, test after test after test, waking up handcuffed to the bed; to the radiator; to each other, until they kept bobbypins in their pockets out of habit and sewed lockpicks in the seams of their shirts and they could pick the cuffs blindfolded, hands behind their backs, and then John’d moved on to padlocks.
“Shit,” Sam says, with feeling. Slams his book shut, runs his hands frustratedly through his princess hair.
Swayze’s parking lot at isn’t exactly busy, but the bar itself is packed. Makes sense in a town this small; folks can get hammered and then walk the two blocks home.
Because they don’t exactly know what they’re looking for it’s even more tedious than usual. Everything might be something, so they have to follow it up. The three of them trade off on referencing and cross-referencing and then it usually turns out to be a bust anyway.
“Yeah,” Dean says,
Now he knows for fuckin sure they weren’t.
“Well,” he says, archly. “We should probably go, since we have that location and all.”
They bury the kid and pack up in silence. They’re more than half way back to the bunker before Sam’s sulky window-gazing forces Dean to break the tension.
“No, not really.”
“Cas.” Still alive then. Still working cases, just not with them. “Sam’s been trying to call you.”
He wouldn’t have come out at all except his Capt'n Crunch is empty. Sam is camped at the kitchen table waiting to ambush him, and he doesn’t even appreciate a good cereal box joke. Loser.
Yeah, there is.
Cas pulls his blade, Dean goes for his gun, but the hounds take two lurching strides and are vaporised in a flash of golden-white grace and when it clears, there is Jack, curled foetal and unmoving on the floor.
“Jack, how are we talking right now?  You aren't even a day old.”
Dean yelled goodbye into the phone before he hung up, hot in the face.  Cas was silent for a moment.  He wasn’t relaxed any more.  His muscles were hard and rigid.  Dean found himself running a hand over them to see what they felt like.  Cas had soft skin, but he was firm.  It was nice.  Dean wanted to stay in bed with him forever.
“That won’t happen.”
“A nephilim has come into being.”
“You are the most caring man on earth.  You are the most selfless, loving, human being I will ever know.”
“That means that we might be a growing family.  You know, I've thought about the idea of getting someone pregnant.  I figured it would be up to them.  Guess I don’t feel that way about us?  Cuz were mated, yaknow?... Guess I’d just about anything for my kid…”
“The only specific details I know are that it needs to be an ‘act of love.’ I feel that penetration might actually be necessary.  If it weren’t, kissing would have done the trick.”
“I was fully prepared for you to pretend that nothing happened.  I was ready to leave…  And then you told me to stay…  To join you in here…”
“Shit.”
“Cas, we gotta get a move on man!  Look at your arm!”
“Why are you still standing there?”
“Cas, relax…”
“Stay still…”
“Fill me…”
“Sam, what if we did make one of those things?  Where do I even start?”
“Hey Cas.”
“Why do you think the mating bites are still there?”
Cas mumbled before wrenching Dean’s hand off of his shoulder and pulling it to his face.  Cas scented it greedily as Dean added a fourth finger.  Dean’s skin tingled with the chemistry of Cas.  He should have worn gloves.  Too late now. Cas stilled his restless movements and let out a continuous low purr that Dean could feel from inside him.
“Um… No! No.”
“Cas.  You’re bleeding…”
“I’m really glad you’re feeling better Cas.”
“Right now we’re walking to my room.  I got the stuff we need in there.  You can sniff me all you want in there Romeo.”
“Cas, I’d prefer to, you know, take my time.  Do it right.  But I think magic and rituals don’t really care.  This is your life. With what I know now…  Cas, I’m more than ‘not opposed’ to it, okay?  In fact, if anyone but you said that, I’d think you didn’t want to.”
Cas blinked a couple of times.  Dean led him out of the shower stall and wrapped him in the robe he’d brought for him.  Cas wasn’t all the way here right now, but he was beautiful.
Dean meant it as a joke, but it came out sounding tender.
Cas pressed their foreheads together.
Cas rubbed at his neck.  Dean recognised that mannerism.  It was something Cas did when the two of them talked about sex alone.  He hadn’t really figured out that Cas was embarrassed because he had a crush.  That was it though.  It was more than a crush.  Dean had felt his grace.  If Cas was made of anything, it was pure love with all the heartache that went with it.  Cas had been glorious, and joyful, and sweet, and so sad. Above all, Cas had been in a lot of pain, and Cas loved him.  Dean felt the tug to be near his grace, to wrap it up in himself and stop the hurt.  Cas was right, it hurt like a son of a bitch, but he didn’t care.  Cas loved him too…  The caress of Cas’s grace had been so achingly tender, that he’d never wanted it to go.  Cas always had to leave him though, so he’d just let him leave.
“Someone I used to know.”
Cas purred.  Dean couldn’t really think he had quite this much come left.  He stopped thinking of caring as Cas’s insides massaged his sensitive knot. It was too much. If his brain hadn’t turned to total mush, he would have been embarrassed at how fast Cas had gotten him to cum.  He whimpered.  Cas laid himself back against Dean’s torso, shushing him.  Dean wrapped his arms around Cas’s chest and rode out the last of his orgasm. His nose firmly planted in Cas’s hair.  Cas smelled like smugly satisfied Omega, needy arousal, and something deeply affectionate.  Dean realized, as he snuffled in Cas’s hair, that Cas hadn’t come yet. That would not do.  He thumbed a nipple thoughtfully, trying to tamp down on the guilt.  Cas let out a little gasp.  His nipples hardened and pebbled.  Dean took the other nipple and rolled them both a little. Cas sighed.  Dean liked that sound a lot. He pulled his face out from behind Cas’s ear and cought sight of his cock.  It was so hard that it curved up toward Cas’s belly and the tip glisstened.  Dean reached down awkwardly and massaged Cas’s entrance.  It was wild to feel it stretched wide around him like that.  Slick coated his fingers.  Dean took Cas’s neglected cock in his hand.
Castiel felt cored.  His body’s resources had been depleted. He was unsure if he could stand.  Castiel stood slowly on wobbling legs. He had to help Sam and Dean.  He had to keep Lucifer away from his child.  He felt that his insides and grace had been torn asunder in Jack’s wake.  It hurt in a new and different way.  No wonder human mothers of the Nephilim couldn’t survive delivery. He hobbled up the stairs and forced his body out through the portal.  There was still a little time. Dean and Sam whirled around.
When Dean and Sam were gone Cas was left lying in the hay.  Castiel chose that moment to wrap his grace around the thing inside of him.  He had been weak.  He had gone to a deserted forest to try to kill it the moment he discovered that he was its host. Then he couldn’t do it.  It was Dean’s.  He had been standoffish in the beginning, but then the nephilim’s grace had begun to move and shift.  It was hidden from sight.  Something, perhaps his tattoo, kept it hidden.  Once he discovered this, he decided to say nothing. Then there was the fact that he never started showing. He could see and feel himself starting to fill out, but the Winchesters never found anything odd about it.  Dean didn’t even see it when they were naked together once.  Cas had been sure that Dean would at least smell him.  His smell had not changed, despite the half human growing inside of him.  Castiel had figured that something like this would happen and that he would lose it.  The trouble was, Castiel was starting to feel something for the little parasite.
“When do you usually have ruts?”
Dean sat back down.
“Well this isn’t goodbye.”
“Maybe you don’t realise this, but you're speaking a language that isn’t english.  Cummon.  Cas…  Why isn’t this working?”
Castiel blinked at him for a moment.
“Care to share with the class Samantha? What made you think that Cas and me were mated?”
“Do you know if it's a boy or girl?”
Dean chuckled, flushing and ducking his head.  Cas had this look on his face.  It was this ‘so happy, I could die’ expression that both made Dean want to run and never leave all at once.
Castiel stayed with Dean for the two days that his rut lasted.  Dean pressed against Cas, earnest in his declarations of need.  If Castiel left to grab supplies that Sam had dropped off,  or to talk to Sam, it would bring Dean to angry tears.  He would pull Castiel back inside and below
“You can get off of the phone.”
“Cas. Hey! You aren’t making sense!”
“I’m not clear on that, but for a month or so they have had a distinct grace and soul.  I wanted to be sure…”
“God Cas, you were dead.  You were hurting and dying.”
“Rest Dean. I’ll be here when the next wave hits.”
“Dude, are you smelling me right now?”
Cas rolled onto his back. Dean kept his eyes determinately on Cas’s face.
“Dude, It’s fine if you don’t want to- I just…”
“I’m sure they will chime in if they like or dislike a name.  The three of us can figure it out together.”
Dean went as quickly as he could, while still taking the time to apply extra lube when needed. Being inside of Cas was awesome.  He was so hot inside. Hot and silky smooth like…  there really isn't anything else like it.  Cas made the best little breathy sounds with his deep base of a voice.  He kept saying; Dean… and caressing him in that way that reminded Dean of pure angel grace.  Cas hadn’t done this before, but he seemed to know the mechanics.  His body opened in a way that made Dean oddly proud of him.  Dean knew, from cases involving witches and sex magic, that the spells don’t work if you use a rubber.  He never went without one, but with Cas, it didn’t bother him that he wasn’t wearing one.  They’d given each other a soul/grace bandage. It was the least he could do.  Cas gazed up at him with those big doe eyes, looking like there was nowhere else he would rather be.  Dean took ahold of his dick so as to guide it in. He watched Cas’s face for pain, but all he saw was swimming blue.  Being inside of Cas like this was almost too much.  He had to just stop and hold Cas for dear life.  Cas was covered in a film of sweat.  Cas looped his arms around Dean’s shoulders.  Dean focused in on the feeling of Cas.  Cas was alive.  He was warm, sweating, breathing, and bleeding.
“You are so good…  So precious…”
“Guys!”
“It's just a little extra food.  We can handle it. Besides, I think Dean would literally die if you starved.”
“Cummere…”
“Please, come in.”
“I know you are.”
“But he told me all about you and that I could trust the two of you.”
“Show me.”
Castiel still couldn’t believe what it had felt like to meld with Dean’s soul.  He’d liked the sex too.  Being close to and touching Dean was always nice.  Being so full of nothing but Dean had been sinfully good.  Touching Dean’s soul was a different story.  All he’d wanted to do was…  rub it, protect it, caress it, press declarations into it over and over.  That is what he had done.  The shocking thing was that Dean’s soul had rubbed itself all over his grace with enthusiasm. Dean had plastered himself to Castiel’s bleeding grace as if he could staunch the bleeding just from the passionate declarations of his soul.  Perhaps that is what he had needed.  Perhaps the spiritual intertwining was the act of love that had been required to heal him, because he was now healed.  Castiel was blown away by the way Dean’s soul had shouted declarations of love for him.
“What do you need?”
Cas sagged.  He looked much sadder than he had when Dean had been holding him.  Dean wanted to hold him now.  He wanted to smooth out the frown and taste his dry lips until he smiled.  Cas had the cutest smiles.  They were all gummy and they made the fine lines around his eyes show.
Dean knew how it worked.  He had invested in a toy of his own once he and Sam had moved into the bunker.  He played with it sometimes, using the synthetic slick that he always kept around.  It was an omega model. He liked that kind the best.  They were petit and streamline without bulging knots.
When Dean woke up, it was to an oddly pleasing sensation. Something warm and wet circled his hole.  His legs had been pushed apart enough to expose his asshole.  His knot had gone down, but his dick was half-way filled with blood, resting cheerfully against his thigh.  Dean, who was still mostly asleep, luxuriated in the soft attention. The tongue(yeah, that was definitely a tongue) swiped over his hole a couple of times, circled it, and swiped again. Dean stretched, pressing his hips up into the touch.  His hole loosened and unfurled, opening up to more attention…  His nerve endings buzzed pleasantly.  He wanted it more…  Deeper…  Hands spread his cheeks wide and the mouth that was currently licking him open, moaned openly.  He’d know that voice anywhere.
Dean snapped.  Sam’s eyes narrowed.
“I'm sorry about that.  Are you okay?”
“My Angel…”
Sam looked at Dean expectantly again.
“What do you need?”
“Jack showed us visions of a tear in reality of some kind.  Perhaps a portal, or black hole.  They have many gifts.  I don’t think they know what it means.  I guessed, based on context clues, that it is a portal to another reality.  I told Dean before you got here, that there was a ritual somewhere on how to close such a thing. I do not know it.”
“Cas…”
“Dry…”
“Hello Dean.”
Cas looked down at him with soft, wide eyes.
Cas made a sniffing sound.
Dean rocked his hips gently.  He felt stupid.
Cas’s brain was clogged by pheromones.  Dean…  Satisfied, safe, post orgasm Dean.  Castiel purred continuously and pressed his lips to Dean’s eyelids, his cheek bones, his nose, and his brow.  Cas held his head in his hands.  He smoothed them over the crown of his head as if he were brushing back hair.  The eye contact was as intense as always, yet the gentleness was almost too much to handle.  His gaze was adoring and tender.  Without breaking eye contact, Cas leaned down a little and pressed his lips to Dean’s.  Dean didn’t move for a moment, which caused Castiel to break away, anxious that Dean had not wanted to be kissed.  When Castiel searched his face, there was desperation, panic, and want.
Cas turned to look at Dean.  It was Warrior Angel Cas now.  He was all sharp edges and hard, glaring, eyes.
“So what you're saying is that you went into heat and it kept getting worse quickly.  The only thing that made it better was a mating bite?”
Cas shook his head.  He really was cute with the sex hair.
While Dean was drying his hands, Cas called him again.  It had not even been fifteen minutes since Dean had helped him.
“I’m sorry.”
“I brought you asprin and some meal protein drinks and bars and stuff.  Sam has gone to get you-”
Castiel smiled at Dean.  Sam closed his laptop, tucking his hair behind his ears.
Dean stopped outside of his room and stilled, breathing deeply to center himself.  He had done this before.  He could do it, but he had not been quite so invested.  Once he smelled Cas’s heat, his dick would probably be able to perk back up and then they’d be in business.
“Give me that knot Dean…”
“Dammit Cas.”
Cas lapped happily at his open, sore hole. Dean blushed furiously.  He’d never planned to do any face sitting, especially not during grooming.  It felt weirdly good and he both wanted to push away and grind down.  He did love getting eaten out.  This was just a new position for him.  Cas fucked up into his open hole with his tongue.  His breath was cool against the fluids that had leaked out, but his tongue was hot and strong.  He hmmed continuously.  Dean was finally relaxing, when he began to suck as well as thrust his tongue in.  Dean was a little sleepy and this felt really dirty, but in a good way. He ground back, sighing.  Only when Cas was satisfied, did Cas lie him down.
This whole time, Dean had been feeling a steady tug inside.  It was the way he often felt when he was around Cas.  He could explain it much better now, after the ritual.  His soul yearned for closeness.  He wanted to touch Cas’s grace.  He wanted the tendrils of light to caress him.  He wanted to embrace it and engulf it before letting it free.  He would have to wait.  Dean applied more lube, watching the minute play of muscles in Cas’s face.  Dean licked his lips.  Cas’s hands kept petting him in that way that reminded Dean of his grace.  The first press of a finger to Cas’s ass made Cas jump.
“I dunno, he likes it.”
After grousing that he was not a ‘little spoon.’ Dean allowed Castiel to spoon him.  Castiel just wanted to put a hand over Dean’s heart and Dean had needed to feel like he was putting up a fight.
As soon as Dean closed the door he ravenously sucked the Slick from his fingers.  It had chilled but his fingers had kept it warm enough to where it still tasted fresh and alive. He whimpered around his fingers.  He knew it would be a mistake to taste Cas.  He was right.  Now he knew how good it could be.  Cas tasted like a fresh garden, a light floral sweetness, honey, and ground coffee. Dean knew that he had to get out of the hallway before Sam smelled him.  Dean snuck his horny alpha ass to the laundry room and locked himself in. Once inside, he slid his jeans and boxer briefs down and took hold of his knot with his slickened hand.  Again, he knew he shouldn’t be doing it.  He knew that once he felt it and smelled what they were like together, he would be spoiled.  Again, he was correct.  His scent, worn out leather, engine oil, and hot eggs and bacon mixed with Cas’s freshly-brewed-coffee-on-a-deck-out-in-the-woods-after-a-storm scent.  It was perfect.  It was like having morning sex and then making breakfast and coffee together.  It was like having that coffee outside on the porch while they held hands.  Like trading kisses with someone with thick stubble and coffee breath.  These pictures were sweet and domestic.  Cas arching his eyebrow over a mug and playing with the rings on Dean’s hand.  Cas had really nice hands.  Dean came without much warning.  His come mixed with the slick in his palm.  He had been close for a while.  He supposed this shouldn’t be surprising.
“Hey,” Lee says, suddenly. “Remember that old song your dad used to play us before we’d go out on a hunt?”
The one and only way they have ever opened a viable portal is by nephalim power or archangel juice, and the later they don’t have unless Cas’ creepy shaman comes through. The former, well. All the more frustrating; he’s right here, full battery and mostly compos mentis and hell, he even wants to help.
Presumably him and Cas, human and angel, are still the same beacons of energy they were back then. So unless every monster in monsterland just friggin disappeared, where the hell are they?
“What the Hell,” he mutters under his breath.
They used to kill time on long hunts talking shit about what they’d do when they got out of the shadow of their families' revenge; own a bar, or a roadhouse, a motel or a diner, a friggin shooting range or some crap, anywhere hunters could gather and swap info, or just take a day between hunts.
He presses the point with his thumb. Tracks the blood drop slide down the blade.
No sign of Cas anywhere.
The smile drops from her face like a stone. “It’s not- I don’t--”
He’s let actual monsters go on good faith before, but any faith he had in Lee is still tied up in the basement.
endgame, Billie?” Sam snaps. Deans kinda surprised he kept his mouth shut for so long, even in the face of Death herself. “I mean. You lecture us about how important all this is but we don’t even know what you’re doing! Jack’s gonna kill God, right? Yeah? Great. How? What’s you’re plan?”
bright white light and then, poof, kid’s gone.
“It certainly can’t hurt,” Cas says, cuts a look at Dean over the fancy decanter. “Given our goal is to overthrow the creator of the universe.”
The change is more worrying for being so unexpected. Sam can deal with Dean’s drinking, his hopelessness. He doesn’t know what to do with…
And after his horrendous, panic-stricken romp through Purgatory, after the renewed despair at even the thought of leaving Cas behind, he’s absolutely fucking sure he couldn’t handle that again.
“Which is why you’re gonna kick it in the ass.”
“I don’t understand,” Cas says. “Why would God write the blueprint to his own death?”
He just needs a minute alone. Just a few seconds to shake off the emotional overload of the last few hours, get his head back in the game.
“I thought she was gonna kill us.”
“Well, yeah,” Adam shrugs,
“Right,” Sam says, purses his whole friggin face and flounces out of the kitchen like he used to end fights with John back when Dean was still the tall one.
Only this time he doesn’t.
“We? I wasn’t the one tap dancing around that old ladies apartment!”
“So. Here we are,” when they finally get through the door, and she really has that sweet, mocking tone on lock. “Now be a god boy and show me that big gun.”
A wide clearing covered in ashy half-rotted flesh and dust. Skulls that look like Jurassic Park props littered around and a few whole ribcages but no other discernible bones, which kinda makes sense for shapeshifting goo monsters but it’s hella unsettling.
“Here,” Dean tosses him his. “Anything we can do?”
everything, for the right reasons or the wrong ones and you’ll only be saved if you’re still useful to someone, somewhere.
The girl is around Claire’s age, and some part of him wonders if this is what  Claire might have been if Cas hadn’t hijacked her dad, if she hadn’t been dragged through the system, if they’d thought to check in on Amelia Novak a little sooner, or left some contact information with them for emergencies.
“That’s one of my names,” she concedes.
“I played you already.”
baby you,” Michael snaps. “And the world can still be fixed.”
It has a pretty standard backstory; gathered dust in a temple until it was looted, sold on the black market to some rich family, passed down as an heirloom. But then it gets interesting.
He can’t promise he won’t lose his shit again, he can’t promise he won’t lash out when that anger at the core of him inflates so much he can’t breathe. But he can try to direct it in the right place, at least.
Dean has no idea what they actually need for the spell; Sam got the Hogwarts crash course from Rowena, not him. He takes a jar from between the familiar purple rockrose and the yellow acacia - some kind of dried red blossom he can’t remember the name of - sniffs it and puts it back while Sam stands in the doorway looking judgy.
Which is fair, he supposes. But it's also not an answer. The Lilith who obliterated that police station full of people back in Monument, Colorado was not the kinda demon to stage a none-lethal theatrical performance just to get a gun back. Dean needs to measure up her strings.
“Chuck,” Dean tells her. “He’s back, and he’s out of control. We need to rein him in.”
“Yeah,” Sally sighs. “It got raptured too, I guess.”
Cas has given his life, his sanity, his home in Heaven, everything to save Sam before. And Dean has rarely ever thanked him for it. He’s a dick, it’s been established.
at best. When the Angels fell, when they fought- killed each other, and he did nothing. I thought him wilfully ignorant when he hid from the Darkness. But I didn’t truly hate him until I watched, helpless, as he burned our son from his body.”
Dean knocks back the last of his scotch while Sam takes in his words, processes them.
“Hey, no,” he says, because she’s spiralling. “This is obviously important to you, Claire. Don’t apologise for that.”
Dean raises his eyebrows, because Lee knows damn well girls were never the problem.
, the Lucky Elephant Casino is deserted. The empty parking lot, unmanned foyer and abandoned drinks lined up across the bar remind Dean of the zombie flicks Jack loved, and they proceed with the same kind of suspicious caution.
. So fucking real. And it was just, you-- that
Then Cas sighs, “I carry that guilt every day.”
“Okay,” he says, “I’ll grab those ingredients, you get set up in the library?”
. Not getting shitfaced!”
If his dreams are black and empty, his waking hours are too blue, too full.
They’ve been sat on their asses for weeks twiddling their thumbs and now that they’ve finally caught a break, it’s a serious ticking clock and Sam isn’t answering his
Then Dad died, and the world got infinitely bigger and more complicated. They’ve encountered creatures John never imagined were real, and they've worked with badass hunters and witches and angels in various shades of the rainbow over the years and Dean just sort of relaxed in teeny tiny increments, until it almost didn’t seem important anymore. What did it matter if his hook-ups were men or women or gender non grata when they were just a distraction for a few hours before they moved on to the next case, next town, next state?
“Uh, Dean?” Sam saves him from his own thoughts, flicks him in the nose for good measure. “You awake?”
“He’s not wrong,” Dean says. Pats Sam’s shoulder and feels all the fight slump right out of him.
He pulls a singe cigarette out of his pocket, sticks it in his mouth, coughs again before he can light it.
thinking about whether Chuck is the reason Cas left again - he won’t ever know for sure, and he’s only just starting to claw his way out of that pit of doubt and despair.)
He’s wondered more than once if any of his choices were his own.
“So then, what happened?” Sam asks. Dean pulls bloody cotton swabs outta his tingly cheeks. “Chuck downgraded us?”
He has a point.
“Yeah,” Dean answers. “Mostly.”
Crunches clumsily through the fallen leaves, way to close when he unhinges his jaw and lunges but Cas is firing all cylinders this time around and the leviathan isn’t prepared for a blast of grace.
Sam breathes slowly out through his nose, taps his restless fingers over the pages of his book.
He’s just thinking the poor girl deserved better when he hears the click of a gun, and Lee cold-cocks him.
“-margaritas last night.”
“Dean. I am trying to let you deal with this whole- this
Dean smashes the other chair arm, still tied to his wrist, rolls his shoulders. Then takes the head and climbs the stairs slowly. He really doesn’t want to do this.
“Chuck,” Cas breathes, and his horror is palpable.
“Oh! Right.” Dean grabs the newspaper cutting from his pocket. “So, girl went missing. Of course, Sheriff things it’s nothing right?”
“Well you can’t,” she laughs. “Not permanently. But I know how to get it back up. For a while.”
“Well yeah!” Dean answers anyway, because what the hell else would he be doing?
“The hell you doing man?”
his responsibility. Cas has chosen them over Heaven over and over, has given up so much to stay on Earth with them. It was Dean’s job to make sure Cas knew what he was doing, not to lash out and push him away, alone and vulnerable.
Sulfur stink lingers like nothing else.
“He’s still soulless.”
“So what’s next?” Sam says, arms flapping. “We’re just supposed to trust her?”
His dreams are a greyscale rerun,
Dean tells him he better leave and Don sprints up the stairs in record time, bucket of wings and all.
For a lack of anything else to say, he falls on platitudes. “I appreciate it.”
The goddess of luck does not lose twice in a row.
Dean prays.
The quiet babble of the river is still there, that echo of last time. And last time they were here, Cas stayed behind. Because he felt like he had to, because Dean had made him feel useless and incompetent, like a burden.
None of those things would work on Dean - he’s admittedly a little clumsy most days, his body is functional at best and he’s never been great at sympathy with the asshole witnesses anyway. No. Instead, Chuck took away his comfort blankets; his favourite foods and reliable old Baby.
Yeah, Dean gets it. It’s hard to not want your parents approval. But, still;
“Ever since God got back you’ve been acting like there’s nothing we can do, like nothing matters. We can do this! This matters!”
It doesn’t take long for Paige to get ready - her ability to get changed quickly isn;t limited to whenever she sleeps in - even though her outfit is a little awkward to get on by herself. Since she isn’t a massive fan of skirts, she settled on a black jumpsuit and a pair of matching boots with heels. What makes her like it so much, however, is the belt: from it hangs a sort of overskirt made of see through black material which swishes behind her as she walks. It makes her feel like she has a cape, and in her opinion, there is no possible disadvantage to wearing a cape.
“Your song writer. No offense or anything, but she really doesn’t stop
Frowning, he carefully picks it up, and with a final glance either way to make sure no one is there, he retreats back into his room, closing the door behind him.
Cas barely manages to scramble back around a corner before Dean storms out of the room, barging past him without a second glance.
a feeling he can never remember experiencing. The weight is familiar on his arms, and even though he can’t recall ever wearing the coat, it is undoubtedly his.
Cas raises an eyebrow, but he doesn’t comment.
For some reason, Claire loathed him, and he had no idea why. What could he have done to hurt the poor girl enough for her to hate him so much now?
“It’s not your fault,” Eileen insists. “Claire, Dean’s out but Sam’s in the kitchen. Maybe go and find him?”
“I don’t remember his name. Hutch? Kitsch? Something like that.”
and Claire quickly slides the bottle under the cabinet with practiced stealth. “There you are,” Sam announces when he sees them, an eager Jack at his heels.
“-Right. And France has pretty good odds with
She would probably feel less bitter about it if their flight wasn’t delayed.
Considering how terrified he had been at the prospect of moving in with Dean, Cas finds himself settling into his new life surprisingly quickly. In fact, they even establish their own routine; Dean cooks all the meals and Cas washes the dishes, Dean looks after his Baby and Cas looks after his garden, and in the evening, they sit together and watch another film that Dean insists is a classic and that Cas absolutely has to see on pain of death.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Look, the best we’re really aiming for is top ten. And that means you’ve still beaten more than 30 countries.”
And, just in case that is simply a coincidence and nothing to worry about: Paige also really enjoys true crime podcasts, and she is thinking about one that discussed the disappearance of a religious man who claimed he had been chosen by God to help stop the apocalypse. He left his home, leaving behind a wife and a child, only to be seen many years later. Guess who he was with? Two serial killers who have been shot dead by police
She presses the
The song slowly fades out and the bar is cast into silence for just a moment, before it switches to the first few (very loud) notes of The Power of Love.
But that’s just it, isn’t it? How likely is it that he will regain all his memories? What if he stays this way forever? There are clearly people who care about him - he knows enough to realise that it isn’t normal to fall asleep holding someone’s hand in a hospital - but what if he isn’t the man who they knew? All he can hope for is that his ‘friend’ outside and this Sammy will look after him for long enough that he can get his footing back.
If anyone has noticed Paige’s odd behaviour, nobody says as much. She’s acutely aware of how fake her smile must look and how the bags under her eyes betray her lack of sleep, but she has long passed the point of caring. She feels dangerously close to unhinged; usually, the only way to get her brain to move this fast is to drink at least four cups of coffee, but today her train of thought is going faster than the speed limit without a drop of caffeine.
A cheery voice brings her attention back to her group, where a ridiculously tall man and a significantly shorter woman have joined them, along with a guy who is waving at them. Paige genuinely can’t tell how old he’s supposed to be; it could be anywhere from thirteen to thirty.
“What’s tonight?” Eileen asks.
A few days later, when Cas has finally finished unpacking, he finds Dean in the kitchen sorting the contents of a duffle bag into the cabinets. He thinks nothing of it, excitedly telling his new roommate about his decorating skills, until he walks past and catches a flash of the contents; a flask labelled
Sam hesitates. “Yes, but-”
(See the end of the chapter for
Charlie pauses her frantic attack on her dress to study him, and she sees genuine regret on his face. “Look, I’m sure you can make it right. And even if you can’t, she probably deserves an apology at least.”
Ellen doesn’t move from her stance, arms still folded skeptically across her chest. “Both of you?”
Suddenly, time seems to slow down. Everything is in hyperfocus; Cas can hear every
The second is also a monster, not that his eternally cheery disposition and alcohol intolerance. You would think that a werewolf would be able to hold his liquor, but not this one. Garth is more of a dentist than a hunter; a father to three and a husband to one over a monster. Without him, the Winchesters would not have solved so many cases and may still be plagued with bad luck.
Paige rolls her eyes. “Don’t bother. I know about your little adventure and I don’t care, as long as Sam and Eileen show up in the next -” She checks her watch. “- four minutes and eighteen seconds.”
of his panicked heart, can see every drop of blood fall to the floor where Dean struggles, can feel the foul breath on his leg before he feels the invisible teeth rip through his jeans. In a moment, he’s on the floor, some invisible creature eagerly tearing into his flesh and a scream rising from his throat.
The Black Sea Arena looks almost barren without the thousands of audience members, hundreds of staff, and the assortment of eclectic acts on stage. Jack’s head seems to swing around the empty place almost unnaturally, his eyes comically wide as Cas gently steers him with a hand on his back.
and he hadn’t felt so nauseous since before he had become a demon. There wasn’t enough alcohol in the universe for him to be able to get through this, and none of his plans were working.
“Hey, Bal, haven’t seen you in… an eon,” he begins, sending his signature charming smile. “And Meg, I’ve heard plenty about you.”
Bobby shrugs. “Tradition.”
It’s too late to back out now, though, since the Roadhouse doors are already wide open and there are a hundred familiar faces turning to look at him. Dean only registers a few on the back row - Ash and Becky and Meg and Balthazar - before his eyes land on Cas, and his heart decides to stop altogether.
and left.”
{o0o}
“I take a week’s holiday from running Hell to come every year, dearie,” she answers with a dismissive flick of her wrist. “How are you, kiddo?” she says, turning to Jack, her voice notably sweeter.
Neither of them respond, but Jo’s blush answers for them. The room is deadly silent for an uncomfortably long minute, the creak of the old wooden floors the only sound to ease the awkwardness.
A few more guests arrive before he spots Sam and Eileen’s conversation by the door.
{o0o}
Dean’s head tilts, begging him not to say the thing that had gone unspoken between them for so long. It had been twelve years; twelve long years of suffering and blood and betrayal and camaraderie, and Cas had kept his truth a secret for too long. If he was going to die, if he was going to sacrifice himself, he deserved to speak his heart.
The second woman is wearing a flowing sky blue dress that falls around her ankles, the back dipping dangerously low to show off two gorgeous tattoos of angel wings.
Everyone gives Eileen a strange look, but Fox shakes his head. “No, nothing like that. As far as I know, anyway.”
Paige has the sneaking suspicion that he knows she’s lying, but he doesn’t call her out.
“Oh, I married Sam briefly. I went to therapy and started a family and made my living off writing fanfiction about them, and then God killed me.”
Anyway, I hope you enjoyed this! Hopefully, next week you might even get two chapters, as a treat :)
Cas blinks, looking up at him in surprise. “Nachos?”
Jack is practically bouncing in his seat. “Great, Auntie Rowena!”
Tu As Bouleversé Ma Vie - You Changed Me / You Changed My Whole World
“Please,” Dean pants, “just leave Cas out of this. You can do whatever you want with me, but just leave him be. He doesn’t even remember who he is, for Chrissakes!”
Cas shakes his head, his eyes wide. Paige can’t help but think he looks like a deer in headlights, but whether that’s because he has been caught out or he just genuinely didn’t realise that his interactions with the French entrant aren’t exactly platonic, she can’t tell.
is a bop whether or not she has killed a man), and to nobody’s surprise, Azerbaijan. Sure,
A lot of weird things had happened in his time with the Winchesters, but this absolutely had to top it. There is no way - no matter what Dean and the girls insist - that it was a raccoon they fought off. First of all, it doesn’t take three people to fight off a raccoon, nevermind a flamethrower that ended up burning down an entire cabin. Secondly, if it was just a ‘raccoon’, why did Dean insist in escorting him out to the car? No one could be that worried about rabies with him but not give a shit when two teenage girls were involved.
“Oh shit,” she whispers, eyes wide as she realises the entire cake is covered in confetti.
Paige stands up immediately, already picking up her phone and dialing Dean’s number.
Dean groans. “They’re idiots.”
{o0o}
Suddenly, the room around him disappears. Cas is standing in the trench coat that he knows is hung on the back of his door, a suit underneath it. Instead of the cabin around him, there is an empty road, bright lights warding against the darkness of the night. A hand lands on his shoulder, and Dean - a much younger, a much happier Dean - grins up at him. “Don’t ever change,” he says, staring straight into what feels like Cas’ soul.
Crowley has to wonder as he tried to avoid his mother’s various attempts at stepping on his toes.
{o0o}
Sam and Eileen look at each other and then burst out laughing. “Oh, you have no idea.”
“So, I guess it’s time for dancing, then!” Sam says, raising his glass, and everyone cheers.
“There is no graceful way to eat this much cheese, Sammy,” Dean replies, mouth still full.
The lights start to flicker and Paige hears footsteps running down the hallway towards them.
Ellen shrugs. “Hard to tell with those two. Becky’s on strict orders to keep ‘em in line if they do start acting up, though, so just chill. Dance with your girls.”
Paige attempts to get a hairbrush through her matted hair. “You do know how a door works, right?”
I Can’t Help Falling In Love is exactly the kind of song that Claire expects Dean and Cas to like, but there are plenty of other couples swaying in each other’s arms on the floor. They don’t talk as they dance, but Claire doesn’t have to say how much she loves holding Kaia this close. Only a few years ago, she didn’t think she would ever find peace like this. Claire Novak hadn’t been the kind of girl who got a happy ending, but maybe Claire Mills is.
“Yeah, yeah,” Lee chuckles. “Your old man saved my ass. Anyway, you know all my hunting stories, dude, and they ain’t all misery. Pony up - what’s the funniest shit you’ve seen?”
“Like a fish--”
“So,” Sam says, loudly. “Eileen, why don’t you make yourself at home while we, uh, work out a way to help you. Dean, can I talk to you for a second.”
and then flitters off to whatever ‘big picture’ business she’s orchestrating, leaving them sat on their thumbs all over again.
And Dean’s got his shotgun up before he registers-
with saving the world! It was supposed to be the
He sets off back the way they came.
Still agree on that much, at least. Rowena isn’t having it though.
Another shot, another score.
Okay.
“I’m sorry about Benny,” he says.
Nobody speaks at all.
He’s buzzed enough to feel vaguely blurry before he pulls out his pocketknife.
Alive and breathing and looking cautiously at them with eyes that aren’t melted out of his skull.
It’s somehow weirder than that.
sorry, Dean. I blew it--”
fucking riddles.
“Damn,” Dean says, watches her walk away and is almost tempted. But only almost.
She flops down next to him on the porch steps, doesn’t actually laugh at him but her face is lit up with humour in a way it often isn't. It suits her.
It is quiet, though, waiting for something to happen, and maybe that’s what really sets Dean on edge.
that he can’t place it. Takes it as a personal judgement of his research skills or some shit, and tears through the entire library, then the really old books in storage, the scrolls in the archives.
Dean always thought they’d address it later, when things settled down and the world stopped ending and… he screwed it up so badly that Cas didn’t even think there was a
“Would you put my Agent on the phone please,” Dean says, hopes he sounds like an asshole boss and not just an ass.
“Good to see you too, Mike,” Dean says, making himself step away from the door, from his escape.
Evie turns her big, green doe eyes on him. “Heroes.”
He’s considering sulking off to his bedroom again when Eileen the friendly ghost appears in kitchen doorway and gives him a better distraction.
But his last milk run was a complete shitshow, and it’s one of those things his mind keeps drifting towards.
“It means I gotta get out of here,” Dean admits. “I gotta take a drive, clear my head.”
“Yeah,” Sam croaks, then again clearer, “Yeah.”
“What happened?” Cas asks, coming carefully closer.
; fucking Chuck, playing his games through mouthpiece after mouthpiece,
,” Dean clarifies. That was
And the cycle of thoughts in his head,
One two three bottles smash as Dean ducks behind the bar and, god bless Texas, there’s a shotgun stashed by the pickles. He returns fire, but he’s only got two shells and an empty box, and they don’t do much. Lee got off a few more shots, and Dean only heard two but Lee did always have a habit of grouping in threes so Dean takes a gamble.
“Well,” he says, “Never got a standing ovation before.”
Sam is struggling against the remaining zip-tie, twisting his arm frantically, but before Dean can help him Chuck appears right behind him.
You win, you get lucky. You lose, your luck runs out, and then you stumble back to the real world and whatever fatal misfortune awaits you.
“I’m not joking,” Dean insists. “It was awful, man.”
And he slices into his palm, which pointedly ends the conversation.
“This is Sheriff Alden Roy," the guy on the line says. "Just, uh, checking on Agent Worley.”
After a moment that feels like an age, Sam falls to his knees. Lets the orb roll away and sags, battered and broken.
They’re coming up to a corpse propped against a tree.
“So. Eileen went out this morning,” Sam starts. Dean has no idea what time it is right now. He nods. “She didn’t say where and she’s not answering her texts.”
Dean stumbles cautiously back through the thickest part of the forest, listens hard for any movement but there is none.
“Uhhh,” Lee says, thinks. “The lake? Maybe?”
It’s reasonable, as these things go.
In the weeks of fruitless research - three damaged brothers, an archangel and a half-human three year old; the only people left on Earth - the shade becomes weirdly comforting.
“Cas, I hope you can hear me. That wherever you are it’s not too late.”
“I’ve felt like that,” he admits. Has for a long, long time, but that’s not relevant here. “After Chuck, after the cript.” After Cas left. Again. “But you know what brought me back? You. You did. Saying that what we do still matters. That’s why I wanted to drag us out here, that’s why I wanted to work a case. To save lives, y’know. ‘Cause it is, it’s- its a crap job. We do the ugly thing so that people can live happy.”
Lee nods, smiles like he’s won. Like a few drunken rolls in the hay two decades ago wipe the slate clean for years of unchecked human sacrifice.
“We lose swinging,” Sam says from behind her. “Eight ball, corner pocket.”
Lee pats his thigh, looks up at Dean through his eyelashes like he used to. Dean swallows bile, stares at the grate welded to the door because he can’t look at Lee anymore.
“No,” Garth chuckles. “Normal! For the first time in your lives you’re having normal-people problems.”
Jack sticks his head around the doorway, frowns at them. “So, we’re safe? I thought--”
easy. Dean learned young that people who make a show of saying they’re sorry usually have ulterior motives - simpering guidance councillors trying to make him talk,
The day after that, Dean charms the lady at the B&B into giving them free breakfast, and Sam somehow finds a wifi signal even though they’re in the middle of fucking nowhere.
“He died,” Dean says.
, that squirmy thing in his head whispers.
Chuck wants them weak. Which means he’s scared of them at their best.
“You didn’t blow shit,” Dean snaps. It shuts Sam up, but he’s careful to keep his tone even when he goes on. “Look, man, I know you have your reasons, okay? I don’t know what Chuck did to you, but--”
When it fades, he daren’t look. His eyelids burn bright afterglow red, and before he can focus on anything, something touches his face. Soft and gentle, big hands cup his jaw on either side of his face and he can’t look, he can’t-
He’s being facetious, it’s not a real question. Cas knows it’s not a real question.
He goes for his angel blade, positions his hand over the chalice and, “Wait, wait, wait. Are you sure?”
“No,” Dean says. Steps forward, slowly, one foot at a time. Keeps his eyes on Chuck’s the whole time. “Not this Sam. And not this Dean. So you go back to Earth 2 and play with your other toys. Because we will never give you the ending that you want.”
“Hmm,” Dean nods.
Guess that’s freedom for you.
Dean is starving after his aborted breakfast, but there’s a new display of chilli-chocolate candy bars and he can’t resist a nibble or two while Teddy rings him up.
He does know he can’t stay here and be mothered to death on two fronts. Handling Sam’s aggressive concern is second nature, but Eileen is a wildcard and Dean doesn’t fancy his chances against the both of ‘em.
Their last $4.60 goes on a slice of pie and a single cup of coffee, but the waitress takes pity on a pair of broke drifters and brings them two mugs.
“Yeah,” Dean agrees. “I got questions too. But right now, this is the only plan we got.”
There’s four or five sprouting together in the middle, the biggest and most fleshy-coloured standing proudly in the middle.
Dean is scrubbing his split knuckles with the alcohol wipes they keep under the sink when Sam sticks his head round the door.
“I’m not going,” she cries, over the rush of wind, and they can’t stop, they can’t stay to talk her out of it when the fog is coming in faster and faster.
. We just need to focus, work together--”
But… Lee has a place here, a home. He’s like a pig in shit, in his element; smiling and winking at the band, the patrons, the staff. Every single person who walks past him waves at him, says hi.
Dean falls to the floor too, shards of glass cutting into his knees. He feels lighter, deflated. Empty.
He rolls the marble sphere containing the spell across the floor to Sam’s feet, and Dean yells, “Smash it, now!”
If he’d mentioned they had company, Dean might have put on his big boy pants. As it is, he’s ambushed by a flickering, spectral Eileen in his dead guy robe.
Fuck, fuck,
They size each other up for a minute before they both crack and then they’re hugging like it’s not been 16 damn years.
“What is it?” Dean asks, as Cas starts lining up jars and checking labels.
Except of course,
“Wait, you’re dying?” Sam says.
It’s grassy, or a dull parody of grassy anyway, dry dead weeds sprouted along the bank of the grey, muddy river. It’s not at all like the rocky stream Benny led Dean down last time, but the sound of the water is almost the same and
Dean braces, because there’s a extremely limited guest list of things that can teleport right into their house and numero uno is actively out to kill them. A quick gesture to Sam with his free hand,
He settles on
“Oh, what? Revenge doesn’t sound good to you?”
The stoic motherfucker tips his hat up slightly in greeting, the coolest Wild West shit, but Dean smothers his inner cowboy fanboy. Business first.
faith healer.
“Yeah,” good point. “I don’t know. But she’s still Death. She was right about Rowena.”
Thankfully Dean has his mouth stuffed with cotton wool so Sam takes the hit, summarises the last 15 years as briefly as possible. Garth takes it on board like only Garth can; by designating himself a side-character and then casually mentioning that him and his super strong werewolf wife are into bondage. Ain’t that a picture.
“So.” Sam says. “If we can’t kill him. Or trap him…?”
“Yes, I suppose it is,” he agrees, then he stubbornly raises his book again.
Dean needs to find Cas.
Except that he did, apparently.
And Dean pulls up short, that’s not what he was expecting at all. Thankfully Mike takes the reins again while Dean flounders.
, this kid could be his damn daughter.
Which reminds him;
“It’s not brave,” he says to his knees. “I fucked up, it’s my responsibility to fix it.”
Dean turns to get a better look and that’s when he clocks the singer.
“To Purgatory,” Cas says, with a look that somehow manages to be both imploring and unimpressed.
He hasn’t got there yet.
“These deals never work out for us,” Sam rages. “You know that! Hell,
“Will Claire be there?” Kaia asks, and that’s just adorable.
He’s saved from having to answer that by some douche harassing a girl, and then it really is like the old days and they get to kick the shit of the d-bag together.
Case in point; Dean hasn’t even got his headphones back on before Sam barges into his bedroom, barks, “Library, now,” and leaves again without closing the door.
Still nothing around them moves. No people. No birds, or bunnies, or friggin’ cicadas. Nothing.
Dean doesn’t either.
“He is,” Dean says. “Trust me, he’s glad to have Jack back, really he is. But. You picked a hell of a week to vanish, buddy. It’s been a real fuckin’ trip. Sammy just needs a breather.”
“Now that’s Winchester stupid,” she snaps, but it’s not a no.
“What the fuck, Dean?” he whisper-shouts. “What the
Chuck built himself into the framework, she says. Hazard of wanting the universe to be self-sufficient while he went to play in other sandboxes, giving himself an accidental weakness, and Dean is starting to see where this is going.
It’s not much to go on, but at this point Dean will take anything to keep them from stewing in dust particles and frustration.
“Not sure,” Garth admits. “The guy who told me said it was in Alaska, on the road between Barrow and Kotzebue. He said
“Maybe you went too far,” he suggests, tried real hard to keep the accusing note out of his voice.
Or all three.
Michael would have helped anybody but himself under any circumstances, and he figures they owe Adam for this Michael seeing the light. “Before you go. Can I talk to him?”
. But he also wants to do better, and there’s no reason not to take a minute to explain. “Just an idea. A long shot, but-- Okay, the Demon Tablet, right?”
The girl turns out to be Sally Anderson.
“Yeah! Feels pretty good don’t it?”
“What’s plan A? Keep Jack locked up here until Billie decides to set him on Chuck like an attack dog?”
Dean’s voice remains stubbornly stuck in his throat, a solid mass he can barely breathe around. He can’t comprehend words, can’t process thoughts.
It’s not Sam.
“Yeah. Little guy, squirrelly as hell.”
“I should have stopped you. You’re my best friend but I just let you go. ‘Cause that was easier than admitting I was wrong.”
“Merle had one job. Keep you in line,” Billie says. “She failed. We’re playing a big game here, and we’re only as strong as our weakest players. She had to go.”
Sam says, “What happened?”
“He won’t be
“Anyway.” Cas says, taking a fortifying breath and slipping back into something almost casual. “What about you, Dean? How are you feeling?”
Naturally, ten minutes after Sam leaves there’s a resonating crash from the research room.
Six rashers in and he feel almost like a passable excuse for a human again. Almost. He flicks through the news out of habit, bookmarks a few potential cases. Dean’s tried alcohol and avoidance, he next step is to add in the tried and trusted catharsis of killing things.
It’s quiet. Suspiciously so.
He’s the nicest guy without a soul they know and he’s always brings a scholarly sort of dignity to to their cosmic nonsense, which Dean finds refreshing after a lifetime of being the crazy drifter.
Chuck appears in the library one day, eyes black and smoking, smiling serenely.
And Chuck, looking supremely unconcerned and maybe a little entertained, the fucker, says, “Well, Sam?”
their hearts?”
By the time he gets Sam tucked up in bed, Dean is about ready to drop.
And Dean repaid him by decapitating him and leaving him in purgatory with every vamp who saw him as a traitor. Including his own nest, his maker and the woman that they send back here together.
Dean casts a look up and down the corridor, but still nothing. Furious with himself, Dean pushes past Adam. He’s got a fifth stashed in his room and the sudden desire to be black out drunk.
After a moment, she locks onto Jack like a shark scenting blood. Strides towards him and the whole room seems to flinch around her.
They might all be fucked when Chuck plays his hand, but damn it all if Dean isn’t gonna save as many people as he can on the way out. He's done sitting on his ass.
And yeah, that first resurrection is a doozy. But still;
Lee steels himself. Nods. “Okay, okay.”
Only Sam has a man-bun and a cravat and a friggin’ velvet smoking jacket, and Dean is wearing a polo shirt and dress shoes with no socks. It’s like looking into the worlds preppiest funhouse mirror, and the car! God, the car…
“They matter to us,” Dean backs him up.
“Hey,” he shouts blindly, halfway down the stairs, not really knowing what he’s gonna find at the bottom--
“Can you be more specific?” Cas says, and Dean almost wants to laugh at the colossal level of attitude in those five simple words.
It’s domestic. Soft. Relaxed and cosy and companionable. It’s what the bunker should feel like, has felt like. But it doesn’t anymore.
He stomps over and snatches the jar. Shoves it back on the shelf hard enough the other glasses clink together.
He thinks of Ben, that year of teaching him how to maintain an engine and talk to girls. He thinks of Claire, and the look on her face when he and Cas gave her the first birthday presents she’d had in years. He thinks of Krissy and her little gang of friends, hunting out there somewhere alone, and Emma, the Amazon child with his DNA who’d lived 16 years in 3 days before she was shot through the heart.
