When he entered Sams room moments later, he was surprised. The heavy sweet scent of Omega in Heat had completely disappeared.
"You are a saint! Thank you! I could use a good cup of coffee. Two cops want to interview me right now. I think it's about Dad. "
"Oh. Mr Novak. Yes, we contacted you but it seems like there is a problem. . . Um. . . . would you wait a second?"
Then they started to rut against each other in earnest. Fuck, he would come in his pants if they didn’t stop. But there was no way Dean would be able to slow down at this point. His hands slipped under Cas‘ T-shirt, caressing his flat stomach and his chest.
"Ah, Castiel. Good thing you are here. The old tire factory seems to be burning to the ground. All firefighters have to help. I'm really glad you're here and I don't have to leave Sammy alone. Please make yourself at home. Dean should be back soon. You'd better take his room. It's the one next to Sammy's. Dean's gonna take the guest room downstairs?"
Then the Omega smashed their lips together.  Finally! Fucking finally Dean felt Cas’ warm, soft lips. How many times had he secretly imagined kissing the Omega?
Jody arrived at the farm one hour later and went over the recordings with Cas. Unfortunately, they found nothing. The tractor had been parked in a blind spot. So they couldn't know for sure what happened, even though Jody shared their suspicions.
They heard a choking noise from Gabe. “Fuck guys, get a room. This sweet sappy love posturing is disgusting!”
Wow! Did he really cry loud enough for Cas to hear him upstairs in Sams room? That was kind of embarrassing.
"Yes we are, but Dean still doesn't seem to want me. So there's still hope for you, Jo. "  Cas voice was soft.
"Well then, Clarence. I think you have someone to take you home. Good luck!" Meg said and waved goodbye.
No! Please no!! Soulmate tattoos didn't just disappear. Not even when the soulmate died. In this case, at best, it began to fade. This had to mean his soulmate was removing it right now. Oh, God!
Cas looked at the gorgeous Alpha on top of him. He was so beautiful it hurt. His skin was flushed and his cock was rock hard, his knot was already forming. Oh God, Cas wanted him so bad.
"You. . . . You two had sex yesterday, didn't you? I went upstairs because Dean didn't come back for so long, and then I… I heard you. " She didn't look at him, but just by her posture Cas realized how hurt she was. Pity spread through him. He knew how much it hurt to love Dean Winchester.
“Did I tell you how gross you tow are? I really like sweets but this is far too much! And I don’t care if you need the money. We made a bet and I lost. You seduced my little cousin before Halloween. Congratulations Dean!”
Jesus Christ! It was exactly like Cas had imagined it. His heart was beating so fast and when he touched Dean's chest he felt that his heart raced as well. Even without their soulmate tattoos touching and their bond forming, he felt how strong the connection between them was. It seemed like the kiss lasted for hours but suddenly they heard someone clearing his throat.
“Hi, mum. I brought you some flowers. They are blue. I know you love blue flowers. I came here to tell you all the news. So, Sam presented as an Omega. Can you believe it? Okay, somehow it makes sense because Jess is an Alpha. I am so sure they are true mates. Speaking of true mates… I … I met my true mate as well. Can you believe someone like me has a true mate? Of course, you do. You always thought the best of me. Maybe you just had to… because you are my mother and therefore it’s kind of your job to believe in me like you did. But for me, this is some kind of miracle .I… guess I felt it at our first meeting but I tried to deny it. But you can’t deny your feelings when it comes to your true mate, can you? Cas, that’s his name… Cas is a male Omega. And he is so amazing, he is brave and strong and smart and he is so incredibly handsome. I am just… I was wondering how someone like him could end up as my true mate. This is… it’s insane and it’s awesome and its so fucking freighting. Sorry, Mum, I know you don’t like it when I am swearing.  But I am really scared. What if I screw this up, what if he doesn’t want me…. He didn’t ask me to bite him when we… You know what I mean, don’t you? You know I am not good with words and I am not good with people. And that’s the reason why I am here. Please help me. If you are somewhere in the sky watching me, please help me to find the right words and to do the right things. Please… I want to be with Cas more than anything else, but I am so scared…”
Of course, he couldn't spot any of Cas moods. The blockers prevented this well enough, but the smell of lemongrass and Ocean was always slightly in the air. It drove Dean crazy.
"Cas, I can't. We're in a hospital. You're hurt and the doctor could come any minute. I can't just bite you now!" Dean said and looked at him skeptically.
Dean wasn’t able to repress the tears from falling down his cheeks. There was no way to stop them. Of course, he fucked up big time, like Sam said because there was no universe where Dean Winchester would live happily ever after with something like a true mate. And of course, it was his fault. He should have talked to Cas about his fear to love someone, about ending up like his father. But like always he wasn’t able to use his words. And so Cas didn’t look for a note. He just assumed Dean rejected him.
The Alpha was standing near the sink, holding one hand tight to his chest. He was cursing and Cas saw blood dripping down on the floor.
The thought of how Cas must have felt hearing him having sex made him feel sick. All these years! All these years, he had hurt Cas, and he didn't even know it.
"But I promise I will help you as best I can. My brother can be a stubborn jerk, especially when he's convinced he's not good enough for someone." Sam said and he seemed to be very determined.
“No, no. I am not a Serviceman. I am a friend of your brother Dean. We are in the same college. And I am an Omega as well. So I am here to help you. Please let me in.”
Then Cas got dressed. However, his shirt was completely unusable without the buttons. Dean didn't remember being the reason they were torn off.
But when Cas took his cock in his hands and started to lick the precome from the head all these thoughts disappeared immediately.
Castiel told her everything about Mary and Anna and about Dean changing classes and avoiding him. He left out the story about his feelings when he saw Dean hugging the girl, though. This was nothing he wanted to say out loud.
"You realize this won't be cheap. The tattoo is small but very detailed." Roweena interrupted their little argument to warn him.
"Good morning. Where's Dean? He didn't come downstairs again yesterday. "He wanted to watch TV with me. " She sounded disappointed.
“Send you away? Are you insane? I nearly went crazy over the last few months. I wanted to touch you so bad. The phone sex was helping, but it wasn’t enough.”
"You're not trying hard enough, kid. I swear I love you, but I'll light a candle in the next church when you finally live on your own again!" Ellen shook her head and got a beer for Jody from the fridge.
Cas seemed to make sure there was always another person in the room. Not once Castiel had tried to approach Dean since their first kiss. Dean was going crazy. Of course, he knew that they had to wait but why couldn't Castiel even take his hand or kiss him sometimes? Wouldn’t this be the normal behaviour for people who were in love? But this was the main problem. Maybe Cas wasn’t in love. Dean, for one, had a hard time holding back. Once he had tried to cuddle a little bit with Cas while they were watching a movie together. But his soulmate had completely turned him down. He almost jumped up and invited Sam to join them. Then he placed himself so far away from Dean that Sam could only sit between them. Since then, Dean had never tried to approach Cas again. To be honest, the incident was not only embarrassing. Castiel's reaction had also hurt him bad.
In order to be completely sure not to fall for a true mate he refused to get in touch with omegas at all, only betas, sometimes alphas, but never again omegas. He went to the secretary to pick up the key to his new room. Crowley his former roommate finished college so he would get someone new. Donna, the secretary grinned at him. A plate with two gorgeous looking doughnuts stood in front of her. "Hey, Dean. How were your holidays?" she asked friendly. With relish, she bit into one of the sweet bakeries. Dean had to laugh, her whole mouth was full of sugar. Grinning, she wiped it away and handed Dean the keys and the note with the room number and the name of his new roommate.
After Dr Crowley left, Rovena came in to draw Dean's blood. As soon as she left, Sam entered the room. He was carrying a paper bag and two paper cups of coffee.
Cas smiled at him. He knew the unpleasant feeling of being helplessly at the mercy of his own biology.
"Hey, Cas, it's good to have you back. Is there more where you got your coffee from" a female voice asked.
"I'm afraid that's not possible. At night, the cut grass absorbs too much moisture. We'll have to wait until at least noon to start. The hay has to be dry."
How would he be able to prevent getting a boner in every single future English lesson when he had to listen to this voice. Besides, the man looked like all of Dean's wet dreams at once! Oh, oh. That wasn't good at all!
Dean didn't even want to imagine how much that must have hurt his friend. He only knew that it drove him crazy to hear Cas' moaning at the moment. However, not only because he was jealous, but also because it was impossible not to imagine what the two men were doing, how blown Cas pupils had to be, how hard his nipples, how flushed his cheeks...
"I... I think I'll go back up to my room. Thank you for the delicious food. And happy birthday, Dean. "
When Dean was falling over the edge a few moments later, Cas felt it as well. The sensation of Deans orgasm together with the love confession set him over the edge too. It was only a little handjob but the feeling was so intense. Both men were still shaking when they managed to breathe normally again.
I know you hate me now,  ಥ_ಥ  but after this chapter, we are nearly done with all the angst. Nearly!   ^.~
Castiel had never been more relieved that Balthazar was so easy going. Anybody else would have slapped him in the face and made a scene. But not Balthazar. Castiel even had the impression he was amused.
“I must say, a clever way to bypass my instructions.” With a smile on his face, he winked at Cas who was too mortified to say something. John rolled out of the kitchen in his wheelchair still laughing and Cas couldn't believe Dean's father wasn't angry. Cas also quickly went back to his room. He sat down on the bed and positioned the laptop in front of him. Sometime during the third episode of Doctor Who he must have fallen asleep. When he woke up by a knocking on his door, he was a bit disoriented at first. The empty popcorn bowl was next to him. The tv show had continued. Apparently, he'd slept an hour and a half. Then he heard the knocking again. He rose quickly and went to the door. To his surprise it was Dean. “Dean! It's just after midnight. I have. . . “
Fuck! Dean knew it was crazy, but at this moment he wanted the other man to just bite him, even if this wouldn’t work, even if it wouldn’t form a bond between them.
“Dean! Fuck! I… I love you too! I love you!” Cas answered though he knew he didn’t have to say it loud because Dean was able to feel it through the bond.
When Cas arrived at their dorm later, Dean wasn’t there yet. Relived the Omega decided to take a shower and then get ready for the party. Not caring he threw his clothes on his bed, getting himself a fresh white t-shirt, boxers and tight black jeans. He knew that there was plenty of time so he didn’t hurry with showering. Afterwards, he carefully rubbed the scentblocker over his skin, before getting dressed. Happily humming he left the bathroom, just to come face to face with a certain Alpha. Dean was standing in the middle of the room with his arms crossed, looking angrily at Cas.
"Yeah, sure thing. You could offer me a cup of tea instead, Lisa. " Benny answered with a smirk on his lips.
There was no question for Cas that Dean would sleep next to him that night. After all, they should be as close as possible.
“No, he was so fast asleep and he looked so peaceful. I didn’t want to wake him. But I left a letter. I told him that I have to tell her about him and that I will be back for breakfast. Why…”
He took the sheet with the second part of the essay and crumpled it. Just when he was about to throw it in the trash, there was a knock on the door.
When Cas woke up the next morning, he noticed two things immediately. First, the room smelled incredibly good of roast apples, old leather and campfire. Jesus! He knew that Dean smelled irresistible, but he had completely forgotten how much his smell affected him. The second thing he noticed was the fact that Dean wasn't there. The bed next to him was empty and it wasn't warm anymore. So Dean had got up some time ago. Cas looked around. This time he wanted to do everything right. He was looking for a note from Dean, checking his phone and the nightstand, but nothing. Could it be that. . . No. Not that again! Christ! He was starting to be doubtful about Dean again. Didn't the Alpha prove more than clear how serious he was? He would have put up with suffering all his life, only for a fifty per cent chance of being with Cas.
and not him. Do you hear me, Cas? I wanted you to fuck me instead!“ Dean all but yelled and Jesus Christ, Cas would never get over this.
"Dean made it clear he didn't want to be involved with Omegas. " Cas hated that his voice sounded so sad, not to mention his scent.
„You could leave College and never see him again. It will take a few years to get over him, but if there is no real bond you could make it.”
"Pff, nice! Because of me, Mr Novak has a free worker who also is able to fix his equipment. So if that's not a gain to him. Even more, because that other boy wouldn’t be there to help him during the summer…. "
“I would kiss your belly and your hips. Then I would spread your legs and suck a bruise on your inner tights.”
But of course, that was highly improbable. Why would the boy come back and give up his free weekend? He probably hung out with his friends or met up with a nice Omega for a date. Or a Beta. Cas didn't like the idea at all, so he quickly discarded it.
"It's all right, Cas. You don't have to explain anything to me. I'd rather you didn't tell me anything than you would lie to me. You just don't trust me, and I can understand that. I probably wouldn't trust me if I were you either."
Cas nodded, got the little package and handed it to Dean. Okay, he could do this. He was able to act like a normal person for a few minutes longer.
"We‘re wearing way too many clothes. Why the fuck are we still wearing clothes?" Dean rasped when they arrived next to Cas‘ bed.
"I don't remember everything exactly. Weird, I'm not hungry at all. Shouldn’t I be hungry after two days, Doc? "
"Dean, you can't even look me in the eye anymore. You're avoiding to touch me. It seems... it feels like we're just roommates or acquaintances and no longer best friends. I'm. . . I'm not even sure if you really want to be my friend anymore", Cas said, and his voice sounded so desperate that it almost broke Dean's heart.
"Have you met Dad lately?" Dean wanted to know when he and Sam were alone in Ellen and Bobby's dining room. Everyone else was busy preparing dinner.
He forced his eyes away from the couple and followed Charlie into the kitchen. He urgently needed something to drink.
It was Cas. Dean's heart started to beat like crazy. Cas never visited him in his room. Not once since their first and only kiss two months ago.
“The fuck I will act like nothing happened. You and Dean are meant to be together for fuck's sake. You can’t do this…”
"Yes and no. Of course, I am able to get you the tattoo again, but if you think that it will automatically reappear on your soulmate's body, then you haven't really understood the whole soulmate tattoo thing. " The women explained.
The rancher looked at the little animal worry written all over his face. He had over thirty animals and knew them all by their name. Dean felt that they were not only farm animals to him, but that he really liked them.
Cas was smiling as well, feeling a little bit guilty because even if they didn’t touch, they had phone sex on a regular basis. “When do you leave? College doesn't start for two more months, but I suppose you and Dean want to leave earlier and spend some time alone”
Cas felt incredibly guilty. Although he had no feelings for the Alpha right now, he knew that this misery wasn't Dean's fault alone. On the contrary. Damn it! He really hadn't considered for a moment that Dean might not have rejected him. He had really believed his true mate would just leave him even though he knew what would happen to the Omega afterwards.  In retrospect, that was just wrong. He should have known Dean would never do that. Just the way Dean cared about his family and with all the things Sam had told him, he should have realized Dean wasn't a bad person. How else could he have been his true mate?
“Then you’re driving,” Rowena said, fishing out her keys and handing them over. “I want to eat my lunch.”
"Screw you." Dean snarled, the curse undermined somewhat by the way his voice shook. He left the blade where it was and shouldered past the angel as he headed for the impala.
Dean's own throat clenched tight as he rocked and hummed and waited patiently until Sam was ready to unbury himself. He didn't know how long it took, but the washing machine behind them was whirring in its final cycle by the time Sam pulled back, rubbed a hand down his face and mumbled something about taking a shower before ducking out, embarrassed.
Dinner was delicious. They chatted amiably over dishes of salmon and steak. Dean gave Sam his side-salad, and Sam pointed out that they had blueberry pie on the dessert menu. It was easier to ignore the tension between them while enjoying a good meal. They kept the conversation topics light, swapping funny stories and terrible jokes and Sam felt himself begin to relax for the first time in days. He still felt the absences though, as though there were two empty chairs at the table where Jack and Cas should be. He was pretty sure Dean felt it too, but neither of them mentioned it. He wondered what it would have been like to bring Jack to a place like this. The kid had never experienced luxury. What would he think of the chocolate bomb dessert or the small portions? What would he think of the décor? Would he stare up in wonder at the crystal chandeliers and huge bay windows? He could almost picture the serious expression on his face as Rowena taught him which fork to use with what. The thought was painful, but not overwhelmingly so. Sam wasn’t sure how he felt about that. Was he so accustomed to grief that it only took him a few days to move past the death of his son? No, he decided, not by a long shot, but the initial sting had lessened slightly and he couldn’t help but be a little grateful.
always ended well. Still, it would do no good to confront him about it, not yet at least. So she said nothing, though she vowed to keep a closer eye on that boy from now on.
“You’ve got tattoos.” Dean bit back grumpily, though Cas knew better than to take his ire seriously before ten am.
“I picked up because your lives are dangerous. I thought you might need lore on a hunt, or that Sam was in trouble. I still
, when it was someone they cared about, they remembered that that wasn't the case and parroted the old line that they were in the business of saving people.
Dean pulled a face and Sam laughed. Considering how Sam was the more socially acceptable of the two brothers it was amazing how bad he was at everyday household chores. Didn't matter how many times he'd saved the world, he still couldn't figure out how to work the vacuum cleaner.
Isla positively beamed and hurried them back out front into the actual clothes part of the store, discussing fabrics and stitching and complimentary colours, gesturing for an assistant and sweeping Rowena away into a fitting room.
"Well alright then," Dean said, nodding, staring out into the dark corridor, the light of the kitchen bouncing strangely off the tiles, making the shadows curl into eerie shapes; he took a step forward and took Cas' hand with him, their fingertips had hooked together, although Castiel didn't remember moving them. Dean took a breath and another step and Castiel's hand fell back to his side. Dean didn't look back, although he hesitated in the doorway for half a second, his head turned to his shoulder as though he was about to say something and Castiel felt a sudden rush of panic, but the moment passed and Dean continued around the corner and out of sight.
The woman sat at the desk was dark-skinned, her hair swept up in a complicated looking twist on top of her head. She looked around fifty, though among witches that didn’t necessarily mean anything. A kindly smile lit up her face but there was something shrewd in her eyes that reminded him with a pang of Missouri Mosley, the kind of eyes that always saw more than you expected them to. That kind of look had always made Dean uncomfortable, but on Missouri at least he’d never immediately thought
"I don't know," Cas answered as though Dean had asked him a direct question, his own eyes sliding over to the boy, face creased with worry, his voice like a tensed string, "his body is as healthy as we could wish it, Michael's grace seemed to fix the physical damage but his soul… I just don't know, Dean, and I'm not sure Jack does either."
He set to work with a vicious hope. Hope that he would find something, hope that he had helped Dean find the strength to hold on a little longer, hope that the Mal'ak box would be found by hunters six generations from now, empty and unused.
Michael stalked forward and, with a twitch of his fingers, another chunk of grace was rent from Castiel. He discarded the precious essence, not even turning to watch it sear an ashy mark where it melted into the sodden wood, all humour gone from his expression.
“Or maybe he’s barely started,” Sam said, turning away from the window and holding his fingers around the mug to warm them. “Maybe we can head this thing off before anyone else becomes wise to it.”
A stinking mixture of blood and stomach acid and whatever was in the kid’s intestines splashed to the ground in a torrent as young Sam screamed, then gurgled as the creature leaned in and
the calls if any had to be made. But Dean supposed wards were useless if the monster was already inside.
gun. It’s wrong, Sam. Something like that shouldn’t exist. What does it fire if you don’t need to load it? Why the deadly recoil? I thrive on bending the rules of what should and shouldn’t be, but that thing…” she swallowed. “It’s just a feeling. Hard to explain. All I know for sure is that I don’t want anything to do with it.”
them. Already, terribly. It felt like grief, like defeat, like surrender; it felt like he had made it through the final God-created apocalypse only for his world to collapse anyway.
Cas' jaw clenched and Dean knew he'd gone too far, or gotten too close to the truth. Cas strode over to the discarded angel blade and snatched it up, turning it hilt-first towards Dean, pressing it into his hand before he could react. The angel's eyes were fire, staring him down, not giving an inch. "You want a choice? You want to be in control? Take it, make your choice, Dean. Do you want me happy, or do you want me alive? Those are your options, those are your
Sam looked up from his own book from across the table too, never one to miss out on a learning opportunity.
Perhaps he had been unfair. Dean Winchester was an incredibly strong human being, but he was still a human being after all. He had succumbed to curses before, to venoms and mundane drugs, why should Castiel expect him to be able to resist the will of the Almighty? Chuck had orchestrated probably every major event of the Winchesters’ lives to play out his story, and this had been his big ending. He had carefully cultivated the wounds that Mary left behind when Dean was a child, the ones he had never been able to fully heal from, and Chuck had exploited that to turn him against his son.
Dean scoffed and ran a hand through his hair, a nervous habit that had replaced the scratching, for which Castiel was grateful.
“You guys, uh—” Dean said, his voice thick with an emotion she couldn’t quite identify. “You guys don’t really think that... do you?”
I have to drive all the way back again in four days but you’re not gonna tell me what you’re getting?”
reason, or feigned ignorance about the topic and excused himself first. Then he wouldn't have had to see the walls that Dean had slowly begun to take down crumble into dust, leaving him open like an exposed nerve.
Lauren stared at him a moment, “Um… no black contacts, but we got a new guy roll in a while back. Keith something. He rents out the house next to Leslie’s old place. I wouldn’t call him charismatic though, he’s no cult leader if that’s what you’re thinking. Our town wouldn’t have any of that.”
no less, more or less whole didn't sit right with him. It made no sense that Nick seemed to suffer no worse than Jimmy had, particularly after seeing the state Raphael's vessel had been left in, and that was when the archangel had
Castiel spent the next few hours trying to busy himself without actually being busy, he made coffee, he ordered the pizza, he flitted around the bunker, making inane chatter with the new residents, all the while trying not to act like he was just waiting for the time to pass.
Dean was watching Castiel’s love for him die in real time. Every aborted attempt at a conversation, every barked order, every sign of impatience at Cas’ disgust for the demon currently making snark come out of Jack’s mouth and Cas’ eyes darkened a little more, his anger grew more spines, and his glare was a little less ‘if looks could kill’ and a little more like he almost wished they could.
As soon as Cas rolled Baby to a smooth stop outside the bunker’s front door, he twisted in his seat to press two fingers to Sam’s forehead. Sam woke with an undignified (and at any other time hilarious) squawk before mumbling a thanks for the heal and fumbling awkwardly with the door handle, still half asleep. Cas then motioned for Dean to lean forward for the same treatment but he instinctively shied back instead, his eyes darting away. He could still practically hear the eye-roll though.
Baby didn’t mind this. She knew a more spiteful car would turn over a couple of times before starting the next time they needed a quick getaway (she’d done that once or twice, it was fun to watch them panic while she knew full well that she would see them safely out of whatever dire situation they’d gotten into, some of their dramatics had apparently rubbed off on her over the years) but she knew that she was spoilt by Dean's usual attentions and chose to be proud of them instead, knowing that whatever they were doing was important, that they were saving people.
He paced the room, taking swigs at intervals. He wasn't sure why, only that inactivity was grating on him. He needed to move, to
“I thought you were dead,” Dean said, despite his better judgement. His every instinct screamed at him to
Castiel nodded and began to carve. He took longer than Jack, like him, Castiel tried to make the letters as even as possible, though they were perhaps a bit blockier than the others. When he was finished he placed the knife down and sat back. Dean, who had been watching his work curiously, tilted his head with a small smile, "Castiel was just too long, huh?"
Sam tugged it away from him and dropped it to the floor, grabbing his hand instead. Dean hissed as his brother's icy skin made contact with his own.
They walked to the laundry room together in companionable silence. Sam seemed way more relaxed than he had when he'd left Dean's room the night before. Running almost always calmed him down. It was kind of nice just to share space with the guy, all of their exchanges lately had been angry or upset or worried. Concerns about Michael, about Jack, about whatever case they were on overriding their ability to just
The years passed and her boys grew, and kept growing in Sam's case. And John's trips got longer, but when Dean was around fifteen he began to join them on short ones. These trips never lasted longer than three days because they had to get back to Sammy, though why John's urgency hadn't been the same when
Why did he even stay if he hates it so much?" His next breath shuddered into his lungs, too fast, too shallow, "I thought he
"Did Cas' entire engine explode or something?" He asked, ladling Dean a bowl of soup with a sandwich on the side when they walked in, "you were gone for hours."
“I don’t care about his power. I miss him sneaking that crazy sugar cereal into the cart. I miss him asking questions about everything. I miss his smile and how hard he tried to fit in. I miss being around someone who looks to me for guidance, who trusts me to keep them safe.” He snorted, a wet, self-deprecating sound. “How selfish is that? The thing I miss most about my kid is the way he looked to me like I had all the answers and made me feel like I did.”
Eventually, Dean wiped a hand down his face as though jolted from his reverie and Castiel looked up to meet his eyes, searching for a clue as to the decision he had arrived at. There was none. Instead, Dean excused himself, patting Cas once on the shoulder as he passed, leaving his beer behind.
“First, I was hoping you’d be able to help us.” Sam said, pulling out his fake badge. “I’m looking for another agent, is he staying here? Agent Cyrus.”
Then the pressure withdrew and Castiel almost toppled forwards, catching himself just in time. He looked up at Michael, hopeful, but those eyes were still cold. Even that gold spark seemed dimmer now, as though Dean had stopped fighting. Castiel risked a glimpse at his friend's soul and what he saw wrenched at his heart; a tight ball of flickering light, wreathed in shadows of hopelessness and despair. It soaked Castiel through more thoroughly than the rain and added a bone-deep chill that the wind couldn't manage.
his and Dean kept them and he thought Dean had stolen them as some kind of immature prank, as though he wasn't fully aware of how much Sam needed to not think about stupid stuff like socks right now?
They'd gone for cases on longer shots that 'this song is following me' but it just didn't seem important. Maybe it was only because after the fourth or fifth time he'd noticed that he started listening for it, and that made him hear it all the more.
"We should head back," Sam was saying, spurring all of them into movement, "it's getting cold and we should probably get those leftovers in the fridge."
Everything in Dean rebelled against the touch He didn't want her to touch him. Not like this. He had decided not to tell Mr Novak that they were soulmates right now, but that didn't mean he would cheat on him.
"It was during the English lesson. He suddenly became completely pale and looked at his hand in disbelief. After that, he left in the middle of class and a short time later Mr Crowley came and told us that Mr Novak got sick. Oh, God, Dean. You should have seen his face. I felt so sorry for him. Are you sure that this wasn't a mistake? You know I love you and I'll support you in everything you do, but right now I'm not sure if you hadn't just got Mr Novak wrong. "
"Jody, please don't ask me why, but I feel like Dick is at the ranch right now," Dean said with fear in his voice.
Thanksgiving Dinner with Ellen and Bobby was nice and peaceful. Like every year they ate together. Ellen and Jo had prepared the turkey and the potatoes and Cas was responsible for the cherry pie.   Simply because of his great ability to make the most amazing pies, Dean would have fallen in love with Cas if he hadn't already been so far gone with the man. It wasn't the first time John wasn't celebrating with them. John missed Mary even more at most of the family celebrations. Since Dean almost lost Cas, he could imagine how bad it had to be. He understood that it was possible to go mad over this pain. But that didn't mean he could forgive his father. There had been a trial and even in the courtroom, his father tried to persuade him to take the suppressants. John was shocked when he discovered the mating bite on Dean's neck. In the middle of the courtroom, he cried that Dean should leave immediately before it was too late and that he should never have allowed their friendship when they were kids. Dean was shocked at how bad things were with his father.
Afterwards, Dean was lying on top of Cas, his nose buried in the Omegas neck, smelling and licking at the scent glands. Cas fingers were drawing circles on Deans back and he felt so safe and so happy. He knew Dean could smell it like he smelled the Alphas happiness.  They didn’t talk very much while they were locked together. They would talk tomorrow. Cas was so tired right now. And so they fell asleep while they were still locked together.
“Dean knew you would react like this. That’s the reason why he left. He wants you to be happy with your true mate and he thinks you never would give it a try if he is still around.”
“We should get you fed. I make some Sandwiches and you should probably look at how Sam is doing.” Dean suggested.
Probably the farm should have already burned back then. It was pure coincidence that nothing more had happened. And Dick had made it very clear that he wanted to buy Castiel's ranch.
Was he blushing? Maybe he was a virgin. Although, Dean couldn’t really imagine, because come on… This guy was really hot!
After a few moments, Sam came back and handed the note to Cas. Dean knew his brother had read it on his way down. He saw it in Sam’s eyes, saw the pitty.
If Dean had known what Cas felt for him, he would have held back. Oh God! In retrospect, it made so much sense! Fuck! Whenever Dean had wondered why Cas wasn't dating, his sad looks... Shit! How could he not have seen it?
On his way home, he noticed the huge cloud of smoke in the sky, which piled up black above the industrial area. This looked very much like a major fire in one of the factories. He was sure that his father had been called. After Mary's death, John collapsed completely and became more and more addicted to alcohol. After he was being dried out he had wanted to help others. That's why he first went to the fire brigade as a volunteer helper and also worked in Bobby's garage as a mechanic. After a few years, however, he decided to fight the fire on a full-time basis. As an active firefighter, he would certainly be needed for such a large-scale operation. Dean felt relief that Sam wasn't home alone. However, the idea that he would now be nearly alone with Cas scared him.
She smelled nice. Maybe Crowley was right and it was only because the scent of the pins was synthetic. When she was in front of him she bent her head to one side so he had better access to smell her.
"I'm gonna have to drive into town to get a spare part but I don't want to leave Cas alone," Dean revealed. "I am not sure if it would be a good idea. Maybe they are just waiting for me to leave the farm to go on with their plan?"
And suddenly there were words coming out of his mouth, he would never have dreamed of saying out loud. “I’d come down your throat, Cas and you would have to swallow it all. ”
“Exactly. I’m sick of being treated differently, I just want to be a normal human. Looks like luck isn’t on my side with this. So I’m also going to be the attraction of this campus, I…”
"Yes. I want us to go to the tattoo shop again. You took a picture of the tattoo, didn’t you?. Maybe the woman who removed it is able to get you the tattoo again. What do you mean? If it disappeared at Mr Novak's hand when you had it removed, it should appear again when you get a new one, shouldn't it?”
He'd manage the situation somehow. The most important thing was that he didn't completely lose Dean.
Dean looked at him in disbelief. When he recovered from his shock, he smashed their lips together. There was no tenderness in the kiss, it was pure lust.
"But I don't want to move in with her. The idea of living with her fills me with fear, not joy," Dean replied.
John smiled at her. “Thank’s Ellen. It’s Mary’s recipe. She was a great cook. ” John replied warmly.
"You only forgot one thing, Mr Novak. " Mary said calmly "It's not just about you, it's about the happiness of your soulmate too. But you don’t care, do you? "
Cas recognized the panicked look on Deans face. But there was no other way, even if he wished there was.
The frown on Mrs Winchester's forehead deepened. "You're not gonna get sick, are you, Dean? You're always hungry." Worried, she felt his forehead.
"Ah, Dad. I brought us support. This is Castiel Novak, my. .. college acquaintance. He's an Omega himself. "
At some point, he realized that Cas came too but Dean was too focused on all the emotions that were rushing through him with full force.
“He wanted to attend Mrs Barnes Music Class but her music lessons collided with your English lessons. And he told me that he wanted to practice his writing. So, Mrs Johnson's class was the ideal choice.” Donna explained.
“I didn’t want you to suffer like I had to¸ Dean. I did it all for you! Do you think it was easy for me? The pills were for me because I couldn’t stand the pain of losing your mother. But I decided to give them to you, even if I knew that the pain would never end without them.”
“No, nothing. It’s strange and freighting because I know what I felt for your brother only a couple of hours ago but I even can’t remember the feeling itself. I see him and I only feel sorry. And it’s making me so sad to know that I hurt him every time I just look at him…”
"I see. "  Cas said and somehow he seemed to be upset. "You probably don't need to. I'm sure there are enough people who'd be happy to help you out."
Later when Dean was on his way home, a plan began to form in his head.  As soon as he was in his room he started to draw some sketches. Out of all the drawings he made, the last one he liked best. It showed a simplified sun with a pentagram in the middle. This would be his fake soulmate tattoo.
"Mr Novak! Everything all right? It's not even midday! Why aren’t you at work?" She asked anxiously.
“Cas…, if you don’t stop this will be over soon…Fuck, Cas…” Dean groaned arching his back at the sensation of Cas‘ lips around his cock.
"Excuse me, please. I'm about to meet Charlie. " He left the kitchen with it without looking back again.
“Exactly. I’m sick of being treated differently, I just want to be a normal human. Looks like luck isn’t on my side with this. So I’m also going to be the attraction of this campus, I…”
Dean wanted to prepare Cas even better, wanted to stretch him even further, but he couldn’t wait any longer. Suddenly all his patience was blown away. He had to be inside the Omega. NOW!
"What if your soulmate is younger and you haven't met him yet? What if he gets his tattoo right now at this moment, but you are already married? "Mary wanted to know.
Cas must have taken a shower. He was sitting on the bed. Only dressed in a T-shirt and sweatpants. His hair was still damp and stood in all directions. His Scent still smelled sad, but his eyes literally pierced into Deans. For a few seconds, Dean could just stare at the Omega.
He quickly lubed up two fingers and impatiently pushed them into his waiting hole. After only a few trusts, he added a third finger. He was already so close.
And Jesus fucking Christ, it didn’t end! He didn’t even remember how to breathe and he knew he was crying the Omegas name too loud but he wasn’t able to stop.
“Oh come on honey! There is no way you could have missed the way he always looks at you. I have the feeling he has no time to eat because he is always watching you.” Charlie smirked at him.
„Dean you are straight. You never wanted to be with a man. At least that's what you told me. Why should that have changed now?" Cas wanted to know.
The way to the cemetery took Dean nearly an hour.  He knew it was a bit childish and even pathetic to visit his mother’s grave in the middle of the night. But it was not the first time he tried to talk to her in that way. Of course, he was aware of the fact that dead people weren’t supposed to answer, but somehow he always felt better when he told her everything. So, no, this wasn’t the first time. In fact, he always came here when something big happened in his life. Like when Dad tried to change his life or when he was accepted into his dream college or the day when Jo’s dad died and left Ellen and her behind. Jo was only six years old and Dean knew how it felt to lose a parent. Jo was like a little sister to him and he felt so sorry for her.
"I think she’s doing fine. She just thinks she is too round to leave the sofa. The baby could come any minute now. Tobias has to leave as soon as she calls of course," Jody explained.
Oh, wow. Dean didn't even know that. The idea that the hay could ignite itself was creepy. Dean understood that the rancher wanted to make sure that it was really dry.
Happily he smiled at the other Alpha next to him. Even now they were holding hands. The two were so disgustingly in love, it was really cute.
The next months would certainly not be easy, but they would be much better than the last weeks. At least Cas was sure of that.
"No, Dean. It's not like that. I know that you have nothing to do with the fire and that the idea of you taking advantage of me is nonsense. You work at least as hard as I do. Besides, I can smell that you're not lying to me," Cas replied.
Hannah was startled by surprise. You could tell she was a bit scared of Dean. The omega couldn’t blame her. Dean looked dangerously angry.
And then as if he gave up fighting it, Dean pushed Cas against the wall with a deep growl.  Hungry he pressed himself close to the Omega. Fuck! Cas was already harder than he could ever remember. Slick was slowly dripping down his tights.
„You… you are sure this isn’t just some big gay experiment for you, aren’t you Dean?“ Cas asked his voice sounding insecure.
Dean knew he was getting a little bit tipsy. Maybe he should take it a little slower. But on the other hand, it was his birthday party. No one would expect him to stay sober.
Cas felt himself blushing. “Thank you, John. It really means a lot to me that you're not against our relationship. And I know it's incredibly important for Dean as well. His family means everything to him.”  John nodded.” Cas shoved the popcorn into the microwave and took a bottle of beer out of the fridge. “We won't be here all day tomorrow, by the way. Mary insisted you and Dean get some time for yourselves. That's why we're going to Bobby and Ellen's. Sam is coming too.” John announced. Cas felt his cheeks heat up again. They both knew what was going to happen when he would be alone with Dean. Embarrassed he cleared his throat
“…but I… I always thought I could explain it to them if I found them… Meg and I agreed to have a divorce if one of us finds their Soulmate… I didn’t think I wouldn’t have a chance to explain…”
"All the better. I'm convinced those friends just got you into this mess. And now you're even protecting them. Dean, I really don't know what to do with you. I know you're a good kid, but this action could have easily put you in jail. Did you think just for one moment about me, Bobby or your brother? If Mr Novak hadn't been kind enough to give you a second chance, it would look really bad for you."
I can't believe you've all been patient with me for so long. Thank you so much. I love you guys! Here now the last chapter! I hope you like it. If you want, you can tell me your favourite trope. I'd be interested to hear what you all like to read most. ^^
Dean nodded and tried to relax. Soon he fell asleep. He woke up three episodes later when Cas's stomach growled.
"Would you like a piece of Dean's birthday pie, too?" Mary Winchester jolted him out of his thoughts. Damn! He shouldn't have stopped to watch Dean.
An awkward nerd who enjoyed hanging out alone in a library more than to socialize with others. Someone who didn't mind that sometimes he just preferred the silence. And now this reassurance was gone. Not even a scar reminded of the pretty wings. Like they had never been there. There wouldn’t be anyone who really belonged to him. He would be one of those poor souls who had to go through life without a soulmate.  Since his eighteenth birthday, the hope of a life with his soulmate had helped him through many things. Even if he would have met his soulmate at the age of eighty, there had always been hope that someone was out there who wanted him, because of the tattoo. But now he had the certainty that no one wanted him. Not even the man who was destined for him. He knew it was ridiculous. Somehow he should have expected it. Nobody was meant for Castiel Novak! His mother had already prophesied this to him when he was only fourteen.
But of course, he would help Dean any way he could. After all, he hoped that in the end, they would stay friends.
Dean giggled at Cas’ impatience but he obliged and started to thrust in and out hitting the other man’s prostate with each drive.
"Dean-o, I have to say, it's unusual to always see you hand in hand with the same person. But to be honest, it suits you. " Castiel's cousin grinned at him.
She couldn't seriously believe that he had the nerve to continue celebrating now. Especially after Meg told him about the real reason for Cas's disappearance and the accident. But of course, Lisa didn't know about the details of Meg's phone call. Lisa had always been jealous of his relationship with Cas. She would get so mad.
“I think he is suffering a lot. I am sure it’s much worse than he thought or that he cares to admit. I feel so sorry for him. I hope this is working and he doesn’t have to stay like this… God, I would give anything to take this burden from him…”
“Shhhht. It’s over now. Thank God, I have you back. I am so glad that I have you back…I was so afraid…” Dean soothed him.
That was okay. Fortunately, John Winchester didn’t care which first or second gender his children had.
No, Castiel really just wanted to get past the kitchen as quickly as possible, but when he saw Dean standing there with a smile on his face, Cas couldn't help but wait a moment and watch him blow out the candles. Of course, Cas wondered what Dean had wished for.
Oh god! It felt so good to touch the Alphas skin. He wanted to feel every inch of his mate. He wanted the other man to take him. Jesus, why didn’t Dean just take him?
Cas was completely confused. Why again this Alpha-attitude and why on earth did Cas feel guilty? He needed all his willpower not to go to Dean and calm him down. What the heck...?
“Yeah, I definitely should think about taking suppressants too until I have someone around to help me.”
Furthermore, it was ridiculous to assume that in the case of a true mate rejection he would get far with a fake knot. In that case, he'd probably end up in the hospital!
“Oh God! Cassi! I didn’t know you had it in you! Such a bad boy! I am proud of you! Dean, you seem to be a good influence!”
Dean grinned at her. For Charlie, everything was so easy. But maybe she was right and it was easy. Maybe he would simply meet his soulmate, fall in love and then live happily ever after. But somehow Dean doubted it would be that easy.
Mr Novak was his soulmate! Okay, the guy was incredibly hot, but he was his fucking teacher. How would that work? Besides, they were here in their kitchen with Dean's parents and his little brother. He couldn't possibly show his own tattoo here. Oh, sweet Jesus! Could it have been worse?
So the pain because of the impact hit him completely unprepared. But before Dean could even think about what had happened, everything around him went black.
Dean's rhythm began to change. It got faster and harder. Cas knew they wouldn’t last any longer. He felt his orgasm built.
He did not know now whether he should be pleased or excited, or if he should be afraid. Damn it! Meeting his soulmate was a big deal. He quickly finished his shower and grabbed the phone to text Charlie.
What the fuck was this supposed to mean? Mr Novak made it very clear that he preferred another way of life. Without his soulmate but with his wife.
“I smelled… I realized that you smell like you again when I woke up. And… and then I felt… you.. not only numbness. It was…” He cleared his throat. “I thought we would deserve breakfast in bed. What do you mean? There are pancakes, fried eggs with bacon, orange juice and of course coffee. I know how grumpy you are before you had your first cup of coffee.” He winked at the Omega with a happy smile.
"Cas' brothers bought us a caravan to attach to the back of Cas' truck. We'll live there. This way I don't have to drive there every day to look after the animals and we can start rebuilding the stables and eventually the house. Thank God all the animals survived the fire because Cas saved the calf and all the others were in the pasture, so far enough away. So the first thing we need is the stables for the colder season and also for sick animals or when a cow gets a calf," Dean explained.
When he entered the kitchen the next morning, Cas sat at the kitchen table and read the newspaper. A cup of coffee in one hand and an empty plate in front of him.
Despite all the heavy thoughts, Cas must have fallen asleep at some point. The following morning he woke up totally exhausted. Dean had already made breakfast. Cas could smell the coffee even before he went downstairs. The boy sat quietly at the kitchen table and sipped at his coffee.
But Cas was so incredibly close and he wouldn't let him go. He didn't even realize he was staring at Cas pink and inviting lips. Only a choked sound from Cas made him look up again. The rancher's pupils were dilated. Dean noticed he was smelling the air. Cas smelled him too. How was this possible?
Suddenly the memory of the last time Cas was in his room filled his brain. The kiss and the confessions. Everything seemed so far away now. Suddenly Dean felt his eyes burn. He stared at his fingers and tried to concentrate. But no matter how hard he tried he wasn’t able to hold the tears back. Quiet they made their way down his cheeks. Fuck! This was more than embarrassing. It was ridiculous. He was ridiculous. Dean felt Cas sit down next to him on the bed.
"Rovena will draw blood from you. As soon as I get the results, I'll let you know. Ah. . . and maybe you and your mate should get dressed. There are two policemen waiting to talk to you. I've been able to put them off for the last two days, but they're getting a little impatient. Oh, and your brother's waiting outside the door as well. "
Cas was only too happy to obey. Grinning, he lay down next to the younger man again.  But the grin immediately vanished when Dean grazed his lubed fingertips over the rim of his hole.
When Cas came back downstairs freshly showered, there was a knock on the door. At first, he hoped Dean had come back.
"Oh, my God, Dean. Have you gone completely insane? The man needs you now, not in four or five years. "
Meg gave Balthazar Castiel's number and two days later they had their first date. Castiel intended to bring Balthazar home if he liked him. Cas was really not a blushing virgin, but he wasn't actually the type for one night stands either.
Cas grinned at him, coating one finger with a considerable amount of hand cream, then started to rub at his hole.
Dean loved it. He wanted to take Cas apart, he wanted the other man to moan his name. He wanted Cas to make those beautiful sounds only because of him and not because of Balthazar. He wanted Cas to be his.
The next days flew by. Somehow it felt a little like they were blurring into each other. Cas was aware that it was mainly because of the fact that he wasn’t waiting any longer. There was nothing to wait for. No expectations any more. Nothing! He had never noticed how much he had waited for his soulmate- to be a part of his life, to complete him. Actually, he was waiting like forever. He could remember all too well when the wings appeared on his wrist on his eighteenth birthday. He was so happy. Happy and excited. How many hours had he tried to imagine how his soulmate would look and be like. The tattoo was so beautiful and Cas was always convinced that his soulmate would be beautiful as well, inside and out. Cas knew his soulmate would be a good person. Someone who cared for the ones he loved.  He also knew it would certainly be a man. Already at the age of thirteen, he had noticed that he felt more attracted to boys. All those years, it had given him comfort to just look at the tattoo when he was down. He liked to follow the delicate lines with his finger and the knowledge that someone was waiting for him was reassuring. At least there would be someone who would care about him. Someone who would love him the way he was.
Oh, Lord! Could his stupid heart just stop beating so fast? Please! What did he do to the universe to deserve being attracted to the biggest player of the whole campus?
"Are seriously asking why this is a big deal for Cas? Cas is in his final college year and will have to look for a new roommate because he wouldn't be able to pay the rent on his own. That's why! " Dean was getting furious!
Tears were burning in his eyes now but he felt a little bit better, more confident. He could do this! He could be a good boyfriend. For Cas, he would try to be the best version of himself.
He took the vase to fill it with water from the nearby water well. Then he placed everything at the grave.
"Yes, he did. Don't you want to show them, honey? " She said enthusiastically. Castiel sensed how proud she was. Maybe she was even relieved that her son got the mark.
At the very back of his heart there was still this little voice screaming desperately and unwilling to admit that there would be no future together with his soulmate. Never! No matter how much he wished for it. He resolutely suppressed that annoying voice. He did the right thing! After all, he didn't want Mr Novak to ever figure it out. Dean didn't want the sorry and compassionate way his soulmate would surely look at him. He didn't need his pity! And he didn't need a soulmate! Dean Winchester was able to live alone. Thank you very much! To be perfectly honest, he always thought he would be alone. There would be One Night Stands but no relationships? No!’+
Passionately, he returned the kiss and run his fingertips over the skin on Cas‘ back. Dean loved how smooth Cas‘ skin was.
Dean's former room looked exactly as Cas had imagined. Actually, it's just a normal teenager bedroom. A bed in the back corner, a wardrobe on the wall, a desk next to the window. But it were the posters that revealed it was Dean's room. ACDC, Led Zeppelin, and a picture of Dr Sexy. Cas had to smile. On the nightstand was a picture of a woman with a small child. Cas was sure it was Dean's mother and the Alpha as a child. In the other corner was a shelf full of books. This was also typical for the Dean, he got to know in the meantime. Dean was very intelligent and well-read, but sometimes he seemed to make every effort to keep this fact a secret. Cas took off his jacket and socks and lay down on the bed. Only then did he notice the stars that were attached to the ceiling. They were clearly constellations and Cas was sure that the stars would glow in the dark. Although you would never have guessed it at first, Dean was really a nerd like Cas himself! With a warm feeling in his chest, he closed his eyes for a few minutes.
Dean would have no choice but to take care of the problem on his own. But now that he knew his soulmate wanted him too, he had at least enough to think about.
Cas must have dozed off because when he woke up the sun was already setting outside and he heard someone working in the kitchen. He quickly slipped into his socks and went downstairs.
He was just entering the cafeteria, about to sit with his friends and to his surprise, no one really paid attention to him. No one looked at him with disgust or hunger vivid in their eyes. With a smile on his lips, he quickly sat down next to Charlie. Ash and Kevin arrived a few minutes later.
With a deep moan, Dean opened his mouth to deepen the kiss. When Cas started to grind against Deans groin, the Alpha knew he was lost.
“Of course they will. Dean, you are amazing! You are brave and funny and clever and cute and hot as hell, even I can tell. Why would anyone not like you?”
"I know you probably just got your soulmate tattoo. But it might be years before you meet them. And. . . . They'll never know. So why shouldn't you have a little fun? After all, it's your birthday party. "
He was way too close for Castiel’s liking when he leaned down to the omega. Cas was able to keep a whine from escaping his lips.
“You mean he didn’t want to reject them?” Dean’s heart was beating very fast now. This was a nightmare. What had he done?
But it was her last message that broke his heart, even if he felt like a prick because Cas deserved to be happy.
A moan escaped his lips. Oh, fuck. His damn knot would never shrink if Dean went on like this and eventually the carcass people would arrive and his knot would still be stuck in Dean and… Fuck! This situation was so beyond anything he had ever experienced.
Cas impatiently stopped in front of Dean and grabbed him by the shoulders. He wanted to shake his friend. This was so cruel. Cas wanted this to be true. He wanted it so so much. But how was he supposed to believe this?
They were out with their friends and Cas was talking to Charly at the bar while Dean was at their table with Meg, Sam and Benny.
"Boy, you only have two options in life. Either you try to restrain your feelings and no one can hurt you anymore. Or you don’t. But then there will always be a chance of getting hurt. But you should always know that the heartbreak you feel now is nothing compared to emptiness you feel when you lose your true mate. When I lost your mother… If I hadn’t to look after you and your brother I don’t know…. "
Dean heard the annoyance in Cas’ voice. Ha! So the Beta was affected, at least a little bit. Dean didn’t leave him as cold as he always let him think. For the last few weeks, the Alpha had been unsuccessfully trying to seduce Cas. Dean didn’t think he was irresistible, but he had to admit that it had never happened to him before, that someone didn’t even react. It annoyed him not just because of the bet.
„If you really want this, Dean, then I need to prepare you,“ Cas said and his eyes were nearly black.
"Come on, Charlie. The man's far better off without an overreacting teenager. I'll tell him. I promise. Someday. But not now. I'll try to get my shit together first, finish college and . . . "
Dean just nodded and poured a cup of black coffee into his favourite cup. For Cas' sake, he also took some pancakes and poured some maple syrup over it. Actually, he wasn't hungry.
Dean was in rut! His eyes were red! Fuck! This was the reason why all this happened! This was the reason why the Alpha acted so possessive at the party and why he wanted Cas to be his. It was all just biology. Nothing more. Only an Alpha that wanted to breed and mate the next Omega because he was in rut. Tears were forming in Castiel's eyes. He was such a stupid idiot. What did he think? That Dean Winchester was falling in love with him? Oh God. He was so pathetic and stupid and it fucking hurt. Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!
“I didn’t. I would never leave you. Maybe I tried to resist you at first but not after our night together.” The Alpha answered holding him close.
"How long do you think it's gonna take for us to...you know...until your knot goes down?" Dean asked. His hand stroked absently through Cas's hair.
Castiel squeezed his hand. He could imagine how terrifying it must have been for Dean to think that he had lost someone in a fire again.
"Listen, I don't have the time to explain it to you now. I'm going to pick Cas up from the hospital," Dean said.
Dean laughed. "Easy money! However, I'll have a look at him first. Just because you think he's my type doesn’t mean he really is. I'll write to you as soon as I meet him. "
"We should be focusing on you right now, though. I suggest you take a shower while I cover your bed. You'll see how nice the new sheets I brought are.
It was a miracle that he was still able to form a coherent sentence. Touching Cas felt like a firework was exploding inside of him. Even though this sounded like a cheap romance novel. But fuck, Dean was so turned on right now.
"True but we are both Alphas, Cas," Dean explained patiently and looked at him as if he was waiting for Cas to understand.
"Cas!" Dean moaned and his voice sounded so damn sexy that Cas couldn't help but to continue massaging the boy's knot.
Oh, no! Certainly not, because Dean had no intention of telling his English teacher that he was his soulmate.
That's why Cas decided to do something about it. It was time to get over his ridiculous crush on his best friend anyway. So why not live a little? And if it led Dean to realize that he could bring girls home as he used to, then all the better.
“Calm down, buddy. I knew that you had no chance. Cas would never sleep with someone like you. So there was no danger you two could accidentally mate.”
„Okay, this turned out to be more dramatic than I thought. But now we have to figure out what to do. I need my laptop. "
"I'm so sorry Charlie. . . " Dean said and squeezed her harder, the crumbled essay still in one hand.
He had never noticed that John had really lost his mind. It also turned out that Dr Shurley hadn't known about the whole thing. He seemed very concerned and told Dean after the trial to tell him how relieved he was that the Alpha had not suffered any permanent damage. The outcome of the trial was similar to what the police officer had predicted. John Winchester was sent to a psychiatric facility. He also had to pay a sum of $200,000 as a compensation for pain and suffering. Dean didn’t care about the money. He wanted the trial to be over as fast as possible. It was good that Cas was by his side the whole time but it still was exhausting. He even couldn't imagine where his father would get such a sum. After the verdict was pronounced, Dean saw John and his lawyer start a heated discussion. He was therefore very surprised when his father accepted the verdict. But he was even more surprised by the fact that John's lawyer contacted him a short time after the trial and asked him to come to court to discuss the details of the money transfer. It turned out John did indeed own the two-hundred thousand Dollars. Mary’s parents saved them. Of course, Dean insisted on sharing the money with Sam. Because it was actually their legacy. If John wouldn’t spend the money, the brothers would inherit it after his death. There was no way Dean wanted to get all the money. Sam was having none of it at first. It was Cas who finally persuaded Sam to take the money. He convinced  Sam that Dean wouldn't take one cent if Sam didn't get his cut. Of course, the Beta knew Cas was right because he knew how stubborn his brother could be.
"Yes, for the first time in my life I'm doing really well. I feel like I'm finally who I was meant to be, and I have Cas... Can you believe that we are true mates?"
"No, I bit you, but...but there is no bond between us. We're not true mates." He knew that Dean would hear the disappointment in his voice. Saying it out loud hurt more than Cas was willing to admit. But why? Why did he want the boy to be his true mate so badly? It was ridiculous. Cas had never been overly romantic.
“Yeah… there… there is some kind of tickling inside of me. I don’t know how to describe it. It’s like a fading anaesthetic syringe after the dentist.” Dean tried to explain. And this was exactly what Cas felt right now. Something tickled inside of him especially when he looked at Dean and when he smelled roast apples like now. Jesus! Could it be…
Suddenly it seemed a thousand times harder to breathe. There were so many questions in his head right now. Dean was an Alpha? Dean was an Alpha! Dean was his Alpha! Cas was one hundred percent sure.
“What an absurd thought. Like I could ever regret being with you. You're everything I want, everything I'll ever need. And I never want to be separated from you again. Not one night. “
Dean shrugged, which turned out to be a mistake. Oh god! Was there any part of his body that didn't hurt?
Cas buried his nose near Deans scent glands and inhaled deeply, while Dean started to stroke Cas back. With one hand Dean tried to draw Cas closer to him, while the other hand was now buried deep in the Omega’s hair.
Before he knew what was happening, Cas manhandled him onto one of the hay bales and kneeled between his legs.
In a good mood, he stopped at the parking lot in front of the school building and went directly to the cafeteria to look for Charlie.
This time Cas didn’t tease him. He grabbed the lube bottle and coated a big amount of the oily liquid on his cock. Then he lined up his cock and slowly started to push in.
Since he didn't know what to do, he sneaked back into his room and closed the door as quietly as possible. Cas and his guest were so preoccupied with themselves that they hadn't even noticed him. But the real dilemma only began afterwards. When Cas was in his room with the other man. Cas room was bordering directly on Dean's and the walls were thin. . .
Fuck! It hurt so bad. He didn’t want this lawyer to be what Cas always wanted. He could barely stand the thought that this man would be able to give Cas everything he needed. It wouldn’t be necessary to call the Omega Service ever again…
"You're welcome. I hope you enjoy reading it. I bid you all good night. And once again thank you for dinner " Cas even managed to smile before he left the kitchen and went back up to his room. It was a relief not to have to pretend anymore. He checked his phone and noticed that Meg had called three times, so he called her back immediately.
Cas was his friend nothing more. He had no right to begrudge Cas what he wanted. Cas had confessed his love to him, but Dean had rejected him. So there was no reason to be jealous. Was he jealous?
The doctor left the room and a few minutes later Rowena entered the room with a spray can in her hand.
Dean could feel his dick getting hard pretty fast. Shamelessly he ground his groin against Cas‘. The other Alpha was already as hard as he was. God, it had only been two nights but it felt like an eternity.
"I realized today that I don't want to move in with Lisa. You're right, I've always wanted a family and children. But apparently not with Lisa. She took me by surprise today as much as she took you by surprise. We talked about moving in together, but we never fixed anything,"
The other man whined, his hand leaving Dean's hair to squeeze his knot while the other hand continued to stroke his cock faster.
“Dean! Not talking to your soulmate was the reason why all of this happened, remember? If you don’t talk to him until the end of the week, I will.”
Dean gave him a quick look. Cas was a virgin? He was a virgin! Dean didn't understand why this new information made him so happy, but he felt a warm feeling spreading in his chest.
His back was arching from the mattress, his inner walls were clenching and clearly, there wasn’t enough breath in his lungs and his brain. He was crying Cas name again and again and Jesus fucking Christ! This was so intense!
Cas tried to figure out what he felt. He knew she was right. It was weird that he was so calm about the whole situation. But the thought of Dean caused no pain or regret, only this numb feeling. In the farthest corner of his mind, an idea of what was happening began to form, but he didn't want to think about it. So he just shrugged his shoulders, took the tray and walked past Jo to the first floor. Worried, Jo watched him leave the kitchen. She also had a vague idea of what this was all about. And even if she was really a little bit in love with Dean, she didn't want him to be unhappy but she was more than sure that this would certainly make him unhappy for the rest of his life. So she grabbed her phone and texted Dean.
"Uhmm I.... I. . . . . Preferably Pontiac in California. I want to study engineering. But I know it's not easy to get in there. So it's very likely to be some other college. " Dean shrugged his shoulders.
"I can literally feel you freaking out," the boy said. "And to be honest, I should be the one freaking out. I was never attracted to another Alpha or any male at all. So this is very new to me. At least you knew you were gay."
When they were in Deans room, both of them looked at each other. It was a bit awkward to perform such an intimate act out of the blue, without sex or love on both sides.
At home! Yeah! Dean would finally go home again, to his old life, to the apartment he lived together with Cas, to his friends, maybe to his old job. Tears were burning in his eyes.
With her arms crossed in front of her chest, she looked at him expectantly. Not for the first time Dean had no desire to deal with her jealous behaviour. He wanted to talk to Cas and not argue with Lisa! He wanted to know that his friend was okay. And he wanted to assure Cas that nothing was going to change between them. Even if Dean didn't love Cas like that, he would always be his friend. At least if Cas wanted that too. Fuck! What if Cas didn't want that? What if Cas wanted Dean to move out now? The idea made him shiver.
"Come on, Sam. It's not that big of a deal. To be honest, I'm not really surprised. I'll probably slide into a little rejection heat and go to the hospital as soon as you get better. After that. . . "
“Do you think he'll insist that I take my pants off so he can check if you are telling the truth? I don't think so. Charlie, I know you mean well, but it's my choice.„
Angry she turned around and went back into the house. Dean sighed deeply. He knew she was mad at him now. Damn it!  He felt like the biggest and ungrateful asshole when he went back into the house, grabbed his jacket and left the party.
Oh God! Dean must be so angry at him. He had to feel betrayed. When he was in a heat delirium he wouldn’t even have noticed his boyfriend. He would only have focused on the Service Alpha. Fuck, fuck, fuck!
Cas sat up and looked around the room. The tray with the burger from the night before was still on the desk. With a sigh, the Omega stood up and went into the bathroom to take a shower. Somehow he wondered why he wasn't desperate, why he wasn't sad that Dean didn't want him. But he just felt numb. Like he's in a dream. It was weird. He put on jeans and a T-shirt and went down to the kitchen. He had to admit that he was very hungry by now. Besides, maybe he should bring some food to Sam as well. For sure the Omega had a rough night.
How could she have so little empathy? Wasn't it obvious? Damn it!Cas must have felt so betrayed. Of course he would have expected for Dean to tell him about such big news beforehand. But Dean never said yes, for fuck's sake! Lisa had simply anticipated his decision.
“Fuck, Dean” Cas groaned helplessly. “Look at you. You are so beautiful. I’ve wanted you for so long…”
Sam smiled satisfied and Cas wondered why he smiled when his brother was hurt. Cas shook his head. That was kind of strange. But there would be time to think about this later.
It was during the third lesson when it happened. Cas was analyzing the figure of Uriah Heep with the students. It was a strong burning pain in his hand that made it difficult for him to concentrate. He looked at the aching area but could not see anything unusual at first. What the hell was that? When the pain didn’t stop even after a few minutes, he looked again. And that's when he realized it. His soulmate tattoo was about to disappear. Oh my god! His soulmate tattoo was about to disappear!
"I'm sure the calf will make it, Cas. We will make sure that it will." Dean assured him and patted a hand on the rancher's shoulder.
“STOP! Are you insane? Why for fuck's sake should I be interested in you? You are nothing more than a cocky jerk with an exaggerated libido.”
“Yes, Dean. I am touching myself as well. I want you so much. God! Dean, you have no idea how hard I tried to keep my feelings for you under control because I promised your Dad not to touch you until you graduate. But I failed. I am not able to stop thinking of you. And I am definitely not able to stop now. I … I want to hear you say my name when you are coming. I want to tell you what I would like to do to you right now…”
Dean tried to drink even more, and Cas was watching him all the time until a female Alpha was talking to him. He knew the girl. Her name was Hannah. She was a shy girl, kind and smart. Surely exactly what Cas wanted. Deans inner Alpha was rebelling against the very idea of another Alpha being next to Cas. It was so hard not to cross the room and pull her away.
The reason was a broken cable. Due to unfortunate circumstances, the smoke detector in the bedroom didn’t work properly. John Winchester who was working on this tragic night never recovered from the death of his wife. Of course, for his sons, he tried to be strong, but he did not really succeed. When Dean was ten years old, John even managed to successfully fight his alcohol addiction. After that, things got a little better, but John Winchester was never the same. He was a broken man.
"Stop it, Charlie. There will never be anything between Dean and me. I have no desire for a one night stand and Dean Winchester does not seem to be capable of more. "
“Forget it, Cas. I know you didn't miss me. And that's okay. But now I'm here and I'm looking forward to spending time with you, especially the night…” Balthazar sent him a flirtatious wink.
Completely upset, Cas got up from the bed. Suddenly all the anger he felt earlier was there again. He longed to punch Dean in his much too pretty face.
Cas wanted to wash off the blockers? Jesus Christ! Panic rose in Dean immediately. It was so hard to act normal around Cas even without his intoxicating scent. Dean wasn't sure if he was able to resist Cas if he could smell it. And what was almost as bad was the fact that Cas would be able to smell Dean too. Fuck! He was so screwed!
He felt the wave of excitement that reached him through the bond. Fuck! If this wasn't doing things to him. . .
Dean had to go! He had to pull himself together. He needed some space and a place that didn’t smell like Cas.
"How could you do this to Cas? Do you know how painful rejection heats are? Not to mention. . . " Jo started to attack Dean.
Okay, he might have lied about his second gender a little bit. Male omegas were extremely rare and Cas was sick of being a curiosity.
Of course! The guy was hot with his disgustingly beautiful green eyes, his freckles and a body to die for.
Cas made some coffee and searched  inside the fridge for milk and eggs to make some pancakes. When he finished, Jo came into the kitchen.
"Cas, it's time for you to let go. Today could have gone worse." Meg said in a soft voice. Of course, he knew she was right. He was lucky he wasn't badly injured.
"Of course, alphas are not fighting for betas. That would be ridiculous. Please excuse us, Hannah. I think I'd rather bring Dean home. He just drank too much. "
The only alpha Cas had to deal with that day was Charlie, who was by no means interested in Cas. She was interested in alphas, female alphas, especially Dorothee Baum. So it was impossible that ...
Suddenly Cas was sucking on his scent glands very hard and holy Christ did he want the other Alpha to bite him right then and there. Fuck!
After looking around, he noticed the smell was coming from Cas' clothes that he had left carelessly in the room. It was that red-haired bitch's alpha smell. Dean tried to control his inner rage, but when the bathroom door opened and Cas happily came out, something flipped inside of him. Jealousy came out of all his pores and although he knew he had no right to, he went crazy and yelled at Cas.
The nurse opened the spray can and pressed the button.  Dean tried to inhale the scent but he had to choke immediately.
Fuck! Why did she have to interfere? Wasn't it hard enough as it was? Desperately he rubbed his eyes. What should he do now? How the hell could he ever look at Dean again? Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!
“You say you thought Agent Cyrus had made off with the files,” said Sam, who was really probably the best one to speak, seeing as Dean looked like he was wound up so tight he was about to start up like a pneumatic drill and Rowena had no idea what to ask. “When was the last time you saw him?”
Cas was by his side in an instant, gently dropping the ruined trenchcoat over his shoulders. Sam tugged it in around himself. It smelled like copper and death, this whole fucking place smelled like copper and death. He was in shock, he could feel it, he knew the symptoms. Mentally cataloguing his wounds he focused on just breathing. Nothing life-threatening, but he would definitely need stitches in a few places and he’d lost more blood than he was comfortable with. He’d never been so glad that real zombies weren’t infectious in the way all media portrayed them as.
buy the book but dutifully fished out 50 cents to pass up to Sam, who replaced it in his palm after a second. The woman solemnly accepted the money with a twinkle in her eye before handing the book directly to Sam, who promptly opened it on top of his brother's protesting head and began to read. Dean had then had to jog to catch up with their father, grumbling. When John caught sight of the two of them he let out a tremendous guffaw and doubled over with laughter, holding his sides. He also snatched up a Polaroid from the nearest stall just so he could take a picture. Dean still had that snap somewhere: Dean was red in the face and glowering at the camera, a book balanced on his head, while an oblivious Sammy hunched over it, tracing the large print with his chubby finger.
" Dean continued, re-picking up the wrench and turning back to the corvette to hide from the intensity of Cas' gaze, "there'll always be things to hunt, people to save. Just hopefully less world-endy. Back to the basics. Hey, can you hand me that chart hanging on the door? The engine seems fine on this thing but it's got a rattle to it that I don't like. I should make a note."
"I'm sure he appreciated the effort nonetheless," Cas said diplomatically, "as you appreciate his efforts in cleaning up the bunker and doing your laundry and suggesting this. Isn't it the same? It doesn't fix the problem, but it helps."
"I made a deal for Jack's life," he said, "the Empty invaded Heaven looking for him, it said that he didn't belong there because he's part archangel so I offered to take his place. It accepted. It resents me for waking it up."
"That's exactly why Dean! I don't want you to give up on anything because of me. You're my best friend, and I want you to be happy. I don't want to be a burden. You're supposed to live your life the way you want. I always knew you'd get married and have children. Family has always been important to you. It just hurt not to hear about you moving in with Lisa from you. But I will get over it. Believe me! It would just be nice. . . it would just be nice if we could stay friends" Cas declared.
“Come in!” The younger Omega said and Cas entered the room. He knew the room should smell of Omega arousal because it was obvious Sam was in the middle of a wave, but he still smelled nothing.
Dean focused on the street until they reached the parking lot infront of the mall. "I... I'd rather wait in the car. " He stuttered.
„Bullshit, Dean! You are an A-plus student and you are an amazing football player. Why should they reject you?" Sam contradicted immediately. Dean blushed.
"What do you mean by that? Of course, I still want you. Why would you say that?" Cas took Dean's face in his hands and looked at him seriously.
"I was just at Bobby's garage to get the spare part and I'm on my way back now. But I'm almost an hour from the farm! Fuck, Jody, I'm scared. What if I don't..." Dean couldn't finish the sentence, let alone say it out loud.
He'd turn eighteen in one week. Then he would be old enough to get a tattoo and remove the Soulmate tattoo without the permission of his parents. Somehow this thought made him confident. He would be able to live a  life without his soulmate. It wouldn’t be easy but it would be possible.
Cas had, of course, expected that he wouldn't find Dean right away and, thank God, booked a hotel room. So he just had to call a cab and get there.
Yeah! I finished my other Destiel story. Now I have more time to write this one. Please don't forget that English is not my first language and this is not beta read. Please consider leaving kudos or comments. ^-^
Whoa! What the hell happened to Cas? The rancher was always grumpy in the morning, but normally not to this extent. Dean almost could have thought the other man was jealous. But of course, this was nonsense. Why would Cas be jealous? He had a boyfriend after all. Dean was sure Cas wouldn't care if he had a date or not.
What? Cas loved him back? Dean felt warmth and joy spread inside of him. His soulmate loved him. All his fears were just misunderstandings. Cas loved him!
Dean let go of Cas cock and started to lick between his butt cheeks. He spread them with relish and drove his tongue around the rim of the hole. Oh, God, this would be his end. There was a rush in his ears, his heart was beating so fast.
Without warning, Dean ripped open Cas’ shirt with his hands. The buttons flung through the air but the Omega couldn't care less. Impatiently he fumbled with his fly. When he finally managed to push his pants and boxer briefs down, Dean also managed to take off his T-shirt and the pyjama pants.
"Hey, Dean. What's the matter with you? You're not exactly a party animal tonight. Maybe I know something to cheer you up... "The pretty girl looked at him expectantly. Just a few weeks ago, he would have loved to accept her offer.
A few hours later, he sat down on an armchair exhausted from all the hard work and took a few sips of an ice-cold beer. He had been working all day. Now he was tired and hungry, but above all, he felt sweaty. So he decided to take a quick shower and prepare himself something to eat afterwards. He'd settle for sandwiches. It was hot and he didn't feel like turning on the stove. If Dean would be here, maybe he'd suggest barbecuing. Oh Jesus! He did it again. It couldn’t be so hard not to think about the boy for one evening, could it?
This was odd. Usually, at this time Dean would still be in the kitchen having breakfast. Maybe he overslept and was having a shower right now. Cas made his way to the bathroom.
Oh yes, he had recognized that the Alpha was hot. He was so disgustingly attractive and his scent was so intoxicating that Cas nearly let Dean bite him. He still blushed at the thought.
“We both know that you can’t resist me forever, Cas. So how about we cut all this and come to the fun part. I’m sure we both can use this to our advantage. I would even give you a part of the money from the bet with Gabriel. What do you think?”
It took a while until both of them were able to catch their breath again. They lay on the couch side by side for quite a while, both still squeezing their knots. It felt so good to feel the other Alpha beside him again, to smell his satisfied scent. Dean was about to burst of happiness. This was the moment when he realized that this wasn’t only a crush, this man was the one for him; he wasn’t only in love with Cas, he was the love of his life! Fucking shit! This was serious, at least for him. But Dean decided to let the thought mature in peace. At the moment he was too giddy to think straight, let alone to talk about serious stuff like this.
„Believe me Cas. I was never so sure about anything in my life. I know it took me almost too long but now that I know what I want, I plan on keeping it,“ Dean reassured the other man.
Hastily both slipped out of their T-shirts and pants so that they could lie down on the bed dressed only in their underwear.
"Hey, where have you been this morning? I haven't seen you in chemistry." She welcomed him right away.
"Do you mind telling me what's going on?" Cas hadn't closed Dean's door and now Mr Winchester was sitting right in front of the room in his wheelchair looking at them curiously and also expectantly.
"Since. . . fuck, Cas! You've been in love with me since you were thirteen? Oh, God, when I think about all the one night stands I brought home! Jesus, I am such an asshole! Cas, why didn't you say something?" Dean said and looked at him in dismay.
This was the moment when something broke in Dean when he knew he wouldn’t be around when the Alpha would be back to continue his Service.
"Yes, I think I'll be back home next weekend. That is. . . if you want me here at all. . . " Dean said insecurely.
"I love you too. Oh God, I love you so much," he whispered when they had to separate to breathe. “And of course that's not gonna change even if we're not true mates, Dean."
Dean had no patience for his Dad’s stupid small talk. Even though he could imagine John Winchester's excuse, he wanted to hear it from his father in person.
Cas was silent a moment longer, then he swallowed, knelt and touched the boy’s wrist. Almost instantly the body was clean and wound-free, only the eyes a glaring reminder that he wasn’t merely sleeping. Cas staggered a little and frowned, and then Jack was on fire, just like that.
“In life he was a bank teller, died of old age about six months ago. Nothing extraordinary about him. I don’t know why he was a ghost at all really but the blasted thing almost broke my arm.”
Alex was almost always at work; sometimes, when Claire was bored and needed company, she would go out there with sandwiches and soda and Alex would smile and, if she wasn't immediately busy saving a life, she'd call a break and they'd go to the canteen. If it was open, Claire would buy a sausage roll or a cup of soup, something hot that would be a lot nicer than boring old sandwiches, but Alex would always eat them first, or dip the sandwich in the soup, which Claire would make a face at, though she would secretly be pleased.
Kethian had chosen to pass his time tormenting a town by forcing or warping love matches. This had made people more sensitive to rejection, more impulsive, even causing hallucinations in Leslie Phelps’ case; a vision of his deceased wife terrifying him into a heart attack and subsequent crash. Kethian had been so
Castiel cocked his head, "I have learned much since meeting you." They were waiting for his grace to rally once more, he had taken a set of claw marks to one of his wings, perfectly placed to sever one of his main tendons. It was excruciatingly painful, but Castiel did not let it show. Pain was just a thing he could ignore and it was worth ignoring it so long as Dean didn't think he needed some 'soul juice'. Castiel was worried about how much soul was now blended with his grace. He would return it, of course, when the oppressive pressure of Hell was gone, but it was weakening Dean day by day and he didn't know how much more he could give without doing something irreparable.
"I think you could say we killed each other at the same time," Dean said, glancing over to where the misshapen lump of the minotaur lay. "I just… haven't gotten around to dying yet."
God knew how many times he'd thought that exact same thing, his and Sam's not-so-merry-go-round of sacrifice and death, each fresh layer of blood staining his hands darker, every person that they couldn't save a new weight added to his back; he'd spent many a night in an alcohol-fuzzy spiral, debating their effectiveness against the price paid. He'd eventually push it aside, bury it under the thought that they were doing more damage because they were doing more good. Their stakes were higher, so their losses would be too.
It was just one of those weird things, he supposed. He made a point to try not to listen too closely to the song when he heard it, unless hearing it was something he set out to do. Which he did sometimes because again, good song.
He'd made it to four beers by the time his alarm went off, and was absurdly proud of the fact, as though he was achieving something rather than failing more and more with every sip. He silenced his phone and headed back in the direction of the laundry room, his head just as clear as it was when he started, a side-effect of his crazy high tolerance level. While it was a good thing right now, and usually on hunts too, it only made that tug that beer wasn't enough more insistent. On his worse days, he skipped the beer entirely.
“You know what?” Dean said, recovering instantly and pushing past his brother to keep walking alongside the crop field at a much faster pace, his voice carrying back to them in the still air. “I hope Cas is in trouble, because we’ve just wasted an entire freaking day coming to check on him. We still need to reopen the bunker, we still need to get the gun and we still need to stop Chuck, we don’t have time for detours. So Cas had better be really freaking—” his voice dropped off as he hit the corner and he stopped in place.
was balking at the idea of experiencing that pain a second time, he certainly wouldn't last another thirty years.
He kept dipping back to the kitchen for coffee and left a plate of sandwiches outside Sam’s door as a peace offering around lunchtime. On his next pass through a few hours later he found the empty plate sitting there and decided he should probably tackle the dishes.
was far worse. He used to believe after all, before it became a known fact that God existed Sam had believed, and he had prayed too, prayed for his family to return safely from their latest hunt, prayed that he would get accepted into law school, prayed for help and guidance when he had no one else to talk to. It had comforted him to believe that there was something out there that was much bigger than his limited world, something that had the big picture all mapped out, something that wasn’t
Before he could properly begin however, there was the barely audible rustle of clothing from off to his left.
Sam took another swallow of his drink. “He’s a hunter, Cas, he needs something. We all need something. Dean drinks, I run, you binge Netflix. We all need a way to forget. The amount we lose, the parts of ourselves that we've given up, that we’ll never get back; those things will haunt us forever. We just need a break every once in a while or we’ll lose our minds.”
, he truly saw what was under the layers of trauma and guilt and despair and rage that Dean gathered around himself. He felt his soul as pure and glorious as it had been before Hell, not unmarked truly, but bright and delicate and good. Castiel kept those thoughts to himself. They were not right, they were not related to the mission. But Castiel took to staring at Dean when they paused to rest, trying so hard to see what he could feel when Dean touched his wings. Sometimes he did, the first time Dean smiled at him without sarcasm or malice, he saw it then and it caught his breath.
"Stop." Castiel said, unable to keep silent. The revelation that Dean craved the future he'd thrown away on multiple occasions cut him deeper than any sword. Not least because hearing it from Dean's mouth should have been a joyous moment.
She blinked at him, looking surprised, either by the subtle admonishment or the nickname Dean couldn’t tell. Either way, he was grateful when she said nothing and simply went back to her tea.
Dean wiped the demon-killing-blade on his double’s shirt before handing it back to him and walking over to pick up his gun.
talked to him about it, was because Sam was terrified of seeing the look in his brother's eyes when he realised that Sam and Cas had thought about this, that they'd talked about this. He didn't want to see Dean crumble like that, didn't want to force him into admitting something that he might not be ready to face. Sam would rather have the apocalypse.
He'd been waiting for barely a minute when he tasted ozone. Wings rustled behind him, bringing with them an overwhelming sense of power, and the barest flutter of something familiar.
Dean grabbed at the olive branch that was being offered him. “I think that would be okay,” he muttered. Then, “I think you’d look real nice in eyeliner, Cas.”
Cas let out a sound then, half a sob, half relief, and then there was a bang on the solid block of stone behind him, vibrating it, making his skull ring like that damned bell.
That thought stung at his chest, his own grief yawning wide. What the hell were they gonna do now? How did they even go back to being just Sam and Dean against the world? It had always felt that way, even as their family kept growing, but he’d fallen into a support system of ‘not-Dean’ too. And he hadn’t realised just how much he’d been relying on that until the last vestige of it was stripped away. He thought of Rowena then. She was a great ally to have and he trusted her, but that trust didn’t extend to being able to dump all his problems at her feet. She might be observant, but she didn’t have the insight that Cas had had, or the motherly instinct of Mary, or even Jack’s charming guilelessness that never failed to make him feel better, if only for a moment.
"Thanks," Jack said, cutting out a large chunk of his stack and shoving it in his mouth, getting sticky syrup all over his chin.
I chose Charlie for this one (who I don't think I've ever written before, so that was fun) because she will always be my queen.
Cas looked over at the boy and bit his lip before nodding, his shoulders rolled back as he braced himself for whatever reaction he was going to get from the brothers.
"Your siblings are all dicks," he said by way of a greeting, "all they wanna talk about is the Apocalypse and using me as a meat suit, it's gross."
Later, Dean imagined what would have happened if he'd stopped him, if he'd grabbed him by the arm and told him not to leave, if he'd apologised for being an asshole, if he'd told Cas he loved him, if he'd kissed him and begged him to stay because he
Dean's half-smile disappeared before it had even fully formed, "No," he lied, then, seeing that Cas was about to call him out on his bullshit, "I mean, it's working fine."
Sam's footsteps receded down the hall and Castiel hoped that he would manage to get some actual rest. He sighed and turned to Jack.
Dean closed his eyes and took a moment to just breathe. He couldn’t kill Rowena through the phone anyway. “How are things out where you are? Anything weird happen in the last twelve hours or so?”
The day they found Cas hunched over a river, Dean was almost… disappointed. Yes, he was glad Cas was
Logically, he should agree with Jack, but every molecule in his body was screaming that Dean deserved better, although whether that was out of pure selfishness or not he couldn't tell. The line between Dean's well-being and his own was blurred, as much as he hated it, as much as he knew that it affected his judgement, as much as he knew that he was capable of living without Dean. He just didn't want to.
“Hell.” His voice was a splintered thing, quiet and fearful. “That’s what I became in Hell, what Alastair carved me into.” He shuddered.
kind, or at least, it was only a fraction of that kind, the kind that Dean held close and warm inside him, the kind that glowed a little brighter whenever Castiel came up in conversation and despite his attempts to smother it, he could tell Benny had noticed.
“I meant to replace ’em,” he said. “We were running low and just about to go out on a werewolf case. I figured we could use the extra.”
"So fix it." Sam said, as if it were that simple. "You've had so many chances to get this right. Rowena and I… we never even got the chance to try. What is the point of being free if we make ourselves just as miserable as we were when God was pulling the strings? You can fix this Dean, but only if you actually go and fix it. He's not going to come back if you don't."
Cas pinched the bridge of his nose as he waited for the Winchesters to arrive, leaning against the door of the Corolla he’d taken from the bunker when he’d left, not even a week previously. His attempt to separate himself had been a failure apparently. He’d had a lot of time on his drive back from Nebraska to contemplate that. His first setback and he’d gone running back to the Winchesters’ last known address, unable to call them, both because his phone had been broken in the fight with Ja—
happy. He enjoyed his life for the most part, he loved his family and he was loved in return. He had put aside his insecurities long ago and although it was almost never
. Grumpy, sardonic, dry-humoured Cas, who never seemed to get tired of humanity no matter how many times it had let him down, who got confused by the logic of fantasy shows but binged reality TV like it was the freaking gospel. Cas with the kind eyes and rare, gummy smile. His Cas.
started it?" Castiel said, raising an eyebrow, indicating his hair, which, he imagined, was almost completely white after Dean had rubbed a handful of icing sugar into it.
“What if it turns out bad?” He asked quietly, “I still have no idea what I want, what if I can’t think of anything? What if she doesn’t have the right colours, or-”
"No," Cas said again, pulling out his own phone and pressing speed dial, "we have to go after him, we have to stop him from killing her."
Dean made to take the cloth but Sam waved him away and sat on the bed instead, dragging the cloth gently over his face, Dean flinched back in surprise,
"Gross, dude," but Sam laughed with real warmth that made something glow in Dean's chest. He knew Sam had been through hell lately, since Lucifer died, in fact. Sam had explained it once as finding it hard to believe that he was really gone; at least knowing he was out there had made the world feel real, because it couldn't be a dream if Lucifer was in it, and if Sam knew that he was far away it felt safer than thinking him gone completely. Dean only kind of understood, as best he could anyway. He tried to reassure Sam whenever he seemed worried that things were too good to be true. Chuck knew the guy deserved some stability to get used to the idea.
But Cas had already left. Dean stared at the closed door, a faint burning sensation climbing his neck. So Cas had figured it out, or maybe Sam had told him. He didn't know how to feel about that. Either way, he might just try out that music thing, it might stop him having a freaking panic attack every morning.
Dean would have beamed if that reaction wouldn't have made Sam feel even more self-conscious than he clearly already did.
The fingers landed lightly on his cheek and his eyes blinked and sharpened, the red tint draining away. A mop of dark hair and huge, worried blue eyes gazed at him.
"Do you think maybe Dean was right? That we should've let him go when he asked us to? We lost over twenty hunters, Cas. Good people who didn't deserve to die. And Jack had to burn off who knows how much of his soul to save us. Would it have been better to let Dean get in that damn box?"
"So what are we going to do now?" Jack asked, looking up at Dean with those large blue eyes, paler than Cas' but no less intense. "With Michael dead, that's it, right? Do we just go back to hunting?"
Of course, they had the go-bag, at least Sam had had his head on straight. Dean had been too focussed on
"You're awesome, buddy," he told Jack after the boy revealed that he'd saved the last slice of pie for him,
something soothing about the repetition of it. Most of the time they just shelved in silence and Dean watched as his brother’s posture changed to something loose and relaxed, his eyes intensely focused but without the urgency that often came with such an expression.
. That was all he had to do. He could do that, he had to do that. For Sam. Because there had been a massacre in their home, because Jack may have lost his humanity, because Dean had fucked everything up. Again.
themes for a hotel room than a pretty flower and a nice smell, but it felt a little… old ladyish, like she should be withered and hunched over, her hair grey and wispy, showing all of her 300 years in the lines on her face.
like a child; he didn’t think he’d ever been so vulnerable as he was in this moment, in Dean’s arms, missing his son, knowing he’d failed him, knowing he’d broken his promise to Kelly, his promise to himself, and yet, allowing that pain the space to breathe, to float around them instead of trapping it inside, it felt something like healing.
He dropped the arm and saw Cas wrinkle his nose as he used his foot to nudge the pile of corpses over the edge. Angel strength really came in handy, even if the angel wielding it was pissed.
“I’m fine.” Dean said, ignoring the heat in his face. “You and Cas are both worrying for nothing. I’m not some delicate damsel, okay? I’ve got this. Now give me a blade.”
"She's angry." Jack said quietly. "She's been angry since you called. I think she was already mad that you left without her and Sam."
"Is he right?" Sam asked carefully, dropping his phone to his side, "Is Naomi controlling you again, like before? Making you think you have to leave?"
"There are less than a dozen angels left, fewer still contributing their power to Heaven. It's unstable already and if it fails all those souls will be forfeit." He shoved the phone back in his trench coat and stared up at Sam with pleading eyes, "I will never forgive Naomi for what she did to me but she isn't controlling me now and she
. He just wanted Dean to lock eyes with him, he wanted to stare until time stopped, stripping each other down to the wire and adding a current. They shared that sometimes, when Dean needed grounding. Castiel liked to think that they were comfortable enough around each other that moments like that weren't invasive, but then again, that was part of the appeal, exposing yourself to another person—especially one you cared deeply for—was as terrifying as it was liberating. Dean's eyes darted around the room, from him to Jack to the survivors from Apocalypse World and back again; it was a fleeting thing, but it was enough to remind Castiel that they weren't alone, and Dean would be uncomfortable with what he called the 'freakish staring' when they had an audience.
Sam chimed in, “I hate to say it, but Dean has a point. All of these bodies were stabbed in the head, we can’t just start a rumour of an earthquake or something.”
"How convenient for you that your belief absolves you of blame!" Castiel snapped, "No matter that the blood of a whole planet is on your hands and that you're planning to destroy another. Tell me, Michael, how is that God's will when He created us specifically to
in danger? He's our kid and we've gotta protect him, no matter what. That's why Cas made that deal in the first place. I get that you wanna help him, I do. But it's not just us on the line any more, you can't just go charging in and damn the consequences because I don't know about you but I can't lose Jack again."
Not that she was complaining at this particular moment. Castiel might be a pleasant thing to look at but he was just as stubborn and pig-headed as the humans he fell for. Dealing with them one at a time was bad enough.
“I don’t want you to see it before it’s done.” Cas said, holding Giva’s sketch tightly to his chest. Before Dean had come back in with sandwiches, they had discussed minor tweaks and colours and Giva had given him the sketch to look over in case he wanted to change anything else before his appointment. She assured him that even the day of, if there was anything that he wasn’t certain of it could be changed to his liking as long as he told her before she got her needles out. In fact, all Dean knew about the piece was that it was going to be large and on his back, and that they would probably need more than one appointment to get it all done.
Young Sam mirrored his step with a glare that chilled him to the bone. “I’m ashamed that I became you.”
. He's afraid that his mother will leave, that his brother will die, that he'll have to watch as I tear everything down. He's afraid of his past, he's afraid of his future and of the fact that he actually
But it did seem to follow them around. A song that old had no reason to be played on the jukebox so often by college students in bars, it had no reason to be playing in Wal-Mart or crop up every single time he re-shuffled his playlist of over 2000 songs, or added by freaking teenagers into a musical about their lives. He'd even heard it in the most religious of towns they passed through, where rock music was the devil's voice or something. He wanted to tell them that Lucifer didn't have the range.
She was much too tired to try and figure out any of the last 24 hours right now. After pulling her cases from the bed and onto the floor she climbed between the lavender-scented sheets and hoped that it wouldn’t seem so bad in the morning.
He took another drink, more than one, he drank until his head was swimming. It wasn't a nice feeling, almost nauseating, but it was better than his thoughts lining up in an orderly fashion just to punch him in the face.
something, Michael's the most powerful son of a bitch you crapped out, this one's supercharged and gone rogue and you're leaving it to two humans, one angel and a
Jack's smile was a little too innocent, just a hint of forced, which only solidified that idea. Jack was just a kid, barely even a toddler by actual alive-time standards, but here he was, missing part of his soul and a possible danger to over seven billion people, sitting at their kitchen table, eating cereal with the kind of overwhelming sugar content that made Dean's teeth feel like they'd grown fur. There was no way in hell that he deserved that kind of pressure, just because he had access to immeasurable power didn't mean that he didn't deserve the chance to grow and make mistakes and learn from them like any child should.
He woke sometime around 4.00 am, glad that he’d heeded his own advice for once and showered before passing out. His sheets were clean and sleep-warm and unusually, they weren’t soaked with sweat from his nightmares. In fact, he didn’t remember having nightmares at all; he was actually pretty sure he’d had a
"Come home," he said, pulling Dean with him back into the bunker proper with an almost wicked grin. Dean followed him willingly, ignoring the way that his arms still itched.
His eyes were tacky with sleep and he rubbed them clear, the rough cloth of the bandages helping to kick-start his brain again. He stretched, bones popping, muscles complaining, and rolled out of bed, heading for the shower. So priorities had changed, he would clean his own blood off the walls first, and then he could get back on track.
Dean blinked and lifted his head, abandoning pretence immediately. He looked around first, taking in the stone room, the thick air of underground, hanging from the walls were chains with flakes of red on them, rust or blood he couldn’t tell from here. There was also a dirty looking cot against far wall. His chair seemed to be in the centre of the room.
"Look, these things you're doing, cleaning up, doing my laundry, they're sweet and I really appreciate them, I do. I get that you're trying to make things easier on me. And honestly, I kinda need it, I'm not… I'm not doing so good. But that doesn't mean I want you to burn yourself out. These things, they're kindnesses to help me out, okay? They're
Sam nodded as Cas made his way to the door, but he stopped with his hand on the knob, and looked back, "Sam?"
"I know it probably doesn't help," Castiel said in return, "but he was thinking of you at the end. I think that's what gave him the strength to hold Michael back, just for a moment, less than a second of hesitation but so much more than anyone else could have managed."
"Looks like that soul was a bad fit after all, huh?” The other Sam said, looking him up and down with a twist to his mouth, “You look so… squishy.”
Sam strode up to his brother and pulled his wallet from his inside jacket pocket. He flipped it open and pulled out thirty dollars to leave on the bar. Hoping that was enough, he then tucked the wallet back inside Dean’s jacket and gave him a sharp poke.
“That’s correct,” said one of the assistants, though she didn’t elaborate on why an appointment would be necessary.
After several long seconds, Jack's expression smoothed and he looked up at the two of them, "Okay," he said, smiling his usual bland smile, his eyes flat.
vessel would be so full of doubt." Michael continued, heedless of Castiel's pain, "It hardly seems compatible, don't you agree?"
Dean shrugged and grinned. Charlie just shook her head, falling back into character and picking up her pace so that Dean…
Sam snorted loudly and ran a hand through his tangled hair. “Yeah, and it’s the only option you’re going to fixate on now, isn’t it? Because once you’ve got it in your head that there’s a way for you to go out in a blaze of glory, you’re gonna bend over backwards to make sure that that’s our only choice left, so that we’ll forgive you for going after Jack like you did. Well, guess what, Dean? Dying isn’t an apology.”
's', Dean, I don't understand where you're getting the other one from when you shorten it."). The photo was a simple one, Cas was squinting off-camera at Dean, and was halfway through asking him why he’d been told to smile. It was a little blurry but Dean had precious few pictures of Cas and this one captured him better than some of the other ones with a fake, awkward smile plastered to his face. He looked mildly annoyed but there was a fondness there that made Dean’s chest ache, a fondness that he hadn’t seen in a while, that he hadn’t been
“So eat, drink and celebrate, my friends! To another year of prosperity!” Charlie finished, raising the goblet before her, waiting until everyone else followed suit and echoed her before taking a long drink. The wine was sweet and fruity and flowed over her tongue like the promise of summer. She then sat on the padded seat of her throne and motioned for Led to fill up a plate for her before sitting at her side so they could enjoy the feast together.
of course. Dean’s dumb act was just that, an act, because nobody had ever expected any more of him than idiot high school dropout, nobody except John, who had expected things of Dean that shouldn’t be expected of any kid. Dean’s worship, in hindsight, was understandable, and pretty damn heartbreaking.
"Dean, think about our lives, we currently have an archangel plotting to destroy the world, Heaven is crumbling, we've lost people and we have so much depending on us winning and that's just the past few months. Besides, having a deal hanging over you that says if you're happy you die kind of puts a damper on the good moments."
It was small and petty but sometimes he wondered why they bothered saving him at all. It's not as though he was any use here and it was clear that they had everything under control. He kind of felt like just another item on the checklist, now he was ticked off they could move on to other things. Sammy was clearly the leader here, and Cas his right-hand man. Dean couldn't just bust back in shouting orders and taking over everything his little brother had so painstakingly built. Not that he was in any kind of position to be giving orders right now, pitiful as he was, sat on his bed, massaging his chest and waiting until it was late enough that there would be less people outside so he could go and get something to eat. It was ridiculous. He was being ridiculous. He'd just spent weeks as Michael's goddamn muppet, he should be freaking
Castiel blinked, "I don't understand," he said honestly. After the incident a week ago, Dean was much the same, he didn't seem either enlightened or scarred by what had happened so Castiel had assumed that he had chosen to reject his words and act like they had never been spoken. Not the reaction he would have preferred perhaps, but better than it could have been.
Sam pulled out his wallet and handed over a few bills, grimacing. They didn’t have that much emergency cash on them and their card was one they had to be careful how they used. Of course, this wasn’t a problem for
Sam thought acidly, making a noise of disgust when he pulled too hard and one of the dead zombies’ arms came off with a sound like wet velcro. Some of these bodies had been in the ground for years. He guessed that Chuck must have healed a lot of the oldest ones somewhat or they would have just been fighting skeletons; Sam couldn’t decide if that would have been easier or not.
They pulled up at the bar and headed inside. It was busy despite the early hour. Couples and families sat in booths around large, greasy-looking pizzas and bowls of chicken nuggets. Rowena wrinkled her nose, fine dining was clearly not the goal here. There was a large space towards the back with music playing from a battered jukebox which she assumed was supposed to be a dance floor. There were very few people taking advantage however, just a sickeningly sweet elderly couple practising what looked to be a salsa and a few of children running around, bashing each other with toy lightsabers while their exasperated parents stared at their menus like they might offer a full night’s sleep alongside dessert.
Castiel placed his hand on Dean's shoulder, there was nothing else to say. No words would close the gaps left by the people they had lost on the journey to get here.
A few minutes later the beverages had been drunk and a burner phone was ringing out in the middle of the table. Sam and Dean had hunched over towards it, their expressions tightening further the longer there was no answer.
He suddenly felt very stupid. Of course Sam was right about this. He needed to stay in shape. Knowing his limitations was one thing but getting lax about his physical upkeep was another. They were in fights constantly, always having to run away from or towards a big, bad monster. If he overestimated his speed by even a tiny amount it could mean life or death for any poor schmuck caught in the crossfire. When had he forgotten that?
“And here’s yours,” she said, giving him one of the cards for the room. “I splashed out on a suite.”
As per their tradition, yesterday's clothes had been dumped in a pile by the door, ready to be disposed of. Dean wondered why Sam hadn't taken them out to the dumpster himself on his way out this morning, but then he shook himself, Sam probably hadn't been able to bring himself to touch them after taking them off. Their little ritual had apparently become full-blown superstition. Whatever, Sam had at least two other pairs of jeans and more shirts than he could stuff into three drawers, if getting rid of these ones would help ease his brother's mind then it was hardly out of his way. He retrieved his own clothes from the previous day and a black trash bag. He thought about going to Jack's room to request the same thing but wasn't sure how, or even if the kid would be interested, he had far fewer clothes than either of the brothers.
“The Veil’s just Purgatory for ghosts, right?” Sam asked, and Rowena could practically see the gears churning in his brain to make sense of the puzzle. “Where they hang out when they can’t affect things on this side.”
No, it was only Dean. It was the soft look he got sometimes when he was feeling particularly protective, it was the way he got angry when he was worried, the way he relaxed when he cooked, with easy smiles and, if asked, a narration of what he was doing; it was the way he held on too tightly to his failures, the way he drank less when he felt safe, the way he looked at Sam with admiration and pride; it was the good and the bad at war with each other and the way he desperately craved company. It was those moments when his soul broke through the cracks of his human features, pouring forth the complicated mess of the true Dean Winchester.
“DON’T TALK DOWN TO ME!” Cas yelled, whirling around, his hands balled tight and shaking as he advanced on Dean, who could only stand there in shock at this rapid change of mood. “I know over seven thousand languages; they were programmed into me, word by word, gesture by gesture, definition by definition, so when you belittle me, patronise me, demand things of me, I understand. When you tell me that you don’t need me, that I should follow your orders or get out, I understand. When I’m no longer useful to you and you tell me that I can’t stay, I understand. When you say that I’m dead to you, you are making yourself perfectly clear. It’s not
"Of course! I wouldn't miss Bobby's famous steaks. I changed shifts so that I would be able to come. Unfortunately we are a little late because Tobias had to get the potato salad from his house."
"Yes, but they're not allergy pills, they're suppressants. I don't know why yet, but our father seems to have prevented Dean from presenting. Anyway, Dean's not a Beta, he's an Alpha. "
Then Dean started to kiss Cas' neck and licked over the place where a mating bite would be placed. For some time he just sucked on it and Cas felt that certain regions of his body would be interested in more. How the hell did he get so turned on when Dean was just sucking on his neck? It was crazy!
Cas wanted to say so much, he wanted to yell at him, he wanted to shake him. How could Dean believe he didn't want him? But when he saw Dean's big eyes looking at him like he was waiting for rejection all the words were blown away. His soulmate looked at him so desperate and helpless that it really hurt him.
Cas drew him closer to himself so that their bodies touched from head to toe, gently caressing Dean's back. The younger man shifted even closer and Castiel could feel Dean’s hard cock against his own. The feeling was mindblowing. Slowly they began to grind their lengths together. Cas knew he wouldn't last long if they went on like this. So he peppered kisses on Dean’s neck and his chest until he found his nipples. He first took one and then the other in his mouth and sucked
Whatever! He had more important things to do now than to think about the colour scheme for Omega-shops.
"You're not seriously telling me you've never knotted anyone, Dean?" Cas's expression was surprised, almost shocked.
John Winchester hadn't said very much yet. Thoughtfully he stood there and watched the scene. But now he turned to Castiel.
When Cas came back about fifteen minutes later with a discreet white paper bag, Dean deliberately concentrated on the road again and immediately started the car.
What? No! Dean felt the panic rise in his chest. He didn’t want Cas to think that anything that happened between them was about the bet.
„Dean, did you get your tattoo today. You were born at midday, so it must be there already.“ She asked.
"I can't understand why you're not attending to English literature this year, Dean. It sounds exciting. "
He spent the short walk contemplating all the fun things he could do when they got there. He had a knife after all and he considered himself a creative sort. His pet had come a long way with regard to pain, but seemed unable to appreciate the nuances of true suffering. It was happy enough to copy what Alastair showed it, but had yet to develop its own personal flair. He smiled happily at the thought. It was the most promising of all his pets though, and he was certain that when it came, the result would be a work of art. Perhaps today would be the day.
Battered and Bound - as you can probably guess, this one is pretty angst and torture-heavy, though not much gore. If you're not good with that, you might want to skip this one.
I may have dropped a little towards the end there, this one fic a day thing isn't leaving much time for editing or re-writing unfortunately, though when this whole thing's done I'm hoping re-visit and update them all, fix typos and improve etc.
“You’re taking him the rest of the way.” Dean told her, angrily twisting off the gas cap and shoving the nozzle in. “I can’t deal with that for two more hours.”
Heading back into the main area, he decided to try one of the herbal teas rather than coffee and settled down with a cup on the sofa. He closed his eyes, just enjoying the quiet peace of the moment, the comfortable couch, the heat of the cup on his knuckles where they brushed it as he held it by the handle, the smell of peppermint. It was moments like this that gave him the strength to battle the rest of it, he realised. A fantasy of normality that he could cling to for a few precious minutes, reminding him this was what he was preserving by continuing the fight. It was grounding, it was humbling, and it was enough.
would be alive. They’d be back at the bunker with Sam to plan a ‘sorry about Dean but we saved the world and have our free will back’ party.
Yeah… she was looking at worse right now, giving him the kind of lingering once-over that he was so used to that he barely even noticed anymore. He’d always had a pretty face and good hair and his job kept him in good shape, though he had more pudge on his stomach than he’d used to and the lines at the edges of his eyes didn’t fade when he stopped smiling.
On occasion, going back centuries, God would send an angel or two to answer so simple a prayer, "Dear Lord, please watch over … tonight."
, with Dean at her wheel and Sam's too-long legs propped on her dash and Cas pleasantly settled in the back. She liked that Dean and Sam never had to worry about a drive to the hospital because Cas was there, she liked that Cas had learned how to lean into her rather than perch on the edge of her seat as he discovered what comfort was, she liked that they had found each other, that they looked after each other in more ways than just basic maintenance; the four of them together had ticked up the number of her odometer battling the impossible, outrunning the apocalypse, chasing freedom. They had a destination and a purpose and she knew that she would be content to belong to these humans (even if one was an angel) for as long as they could keep each other running.
"So that's why he's out of his box." Michael said with a frustrated sigh, "He seems determined to watch this. I created him a paradise but apparently he would rather be here. Interesting."
He’d rather be driving Baby, he thought as he pushed aside a bramble, but the itch under his skin was such that he knew he’d keep going until he ran out of gas. It was best he stayed close, like he’d promised. Sam didn’t need another disappointment right now. Besides, this was nice. The walking was keeping him warm enough that he didn’t need a jacket and the pre-dawn gloom was just starting to lift, lightening the world to shades of grey. The air was cold and clean in his lungs, delicately scented with earth, flowers and whatever animals lived in these woods. It was calming, and as long as he concentrated on where to place his feet so he didn’t trip over a root, then he didn’t have the brainpower to think about anything else.
“I hate it too. Trust me, I hate it as much as you do. The amount of times I’ve found him on the ground, had to make him throw up, debated risking a broken jaw to take him to the damn hospital, or force him into rehab… but it wouldn’t work, Cas. He doesn’t
They stayed up for a while longer, talking about nothing, keeping far away from anything heavy that would disrupt the tentative peace of the evening. After an hour or so Sam bowed out, flipping his glass and bidding them goodnight.
The temperature didn't really affect him, but he knew that Dean was grateful that he no longer had to change his shirt and shower multiple times a day and that Sam was pleased to not yet need to put on a hat and gloves in addition to his sweater.
“Lady, if we need something from you, it would be in your best interests to give it to us.” Dean bit out. “We fight the world-endy kind of battles and we don’t have time for side-quests.”
"Whatever feels right," Sam answered quickly, "Jack, we're not asking you to abandon your mother's name, or take ours if you don't want to. Your last name doesn't change the fact that you're family."
Cas nodded. “Kethian, a cupid. This world’s version died some time ago but this one took Jacob as a vessel before they came to this world. I can only assume that was why he chose Keith as an alias, it sounded similar.”
“He’s gone,” he said, sounding lost, sounding afraid, sounding smaller that Sam had ever thought his tough, stoic, goofy big brother could sound. “He’s really gone isn’t he?”
“I don’t want to kill you, Rowena.” Sam’s voice was small. Rowena smiled and reached over to pat him on the arm.
again, dropping the plastic blocks back into her vents, re-fitting the green soldier, bringing his brother to touch up the carving of their initials.
"He's not just your sword, Michael." Castiel shot back. A flash of heat and energy lit the barn white for a split second, complimenting his spike of anger and raising the hairs on the back of his neck. The darkness it left behind seemed deeper, softened only by the glowing red embers of the remains of the spell.
“Pretty much,” Dean said. “But only for the souls that can’t move on. Violent deaths, unfinished business, that kind of thing. Why would a guy who died of old age and presumably with no hinky skeletons in his closet...” he glanced to Rowena who shook her head to confirm, “say no to his reaper?”
Sam’s lips pressed together into a thin line, then he reached for the phone and replaced it on the table after a moment.
, not just the vague notion of his mom, the few snatches of softness and kind words that he’d clung to as a kid. He'd come to love her fierceness, her stubbornness, her refusal to compromise if she knew what she wanted, he loved her kindness and her patience and the way she was so eager to learn about all the technology and food and places that his modern world had to offer.
“Of course I am.” Rowena said haughtily. She had found that a display of precociousness was sometimes needed to dispel the tension of a room.
going to die, if the others hadn’t already. There were just too many of them. He let out a yell as something got its teeth into his arm. He shook it off, the iron spike unwieldy and too long for such close-quarter combat, but he managed to stab the thing. Whether he killed it or not he didn’t have time to check as something else grabbed him by his bad shoulder, ragged nails digging in. He cried out and stabbed blindly behind him, the spike meeting resistance as he punched it through flesh and bone and out the other side… and there it caught.
"I guess everything's gonna change now, isn't it?" Sam said plaintively, finally tearing his eyes from the remains of the pyre to look at the angel.
“I guess,” Sam conceded. “It’ll be easier to figure out what we’re dealing with when we’ve got a first-hand account. Make it easier to figure out the new rules, you know?”
“You think?” Rowena asked, coming up to stand by Sam, the top of her voluminous hair not even as tall as Sam’s shoulder. His head tilted down to look at her but his eyes didn’t land. He was clearly lost in his own head.
“His bed was slept in, Dean!” Sam said loudly, finally turning back to face him. “He was eating and sleeping and after the cemetery it took him the whole drive home to be able to heal us. He wasn’t as powerful as he used to be. He was taken by surprise and you know as well as anyone that it only takes a second.”
