Steve turned his head towards the rest of the team. “They need you.”
“We’re going to be late for the movie, Steve,” Sharon said.
MJ just shrugged. Peter began to tap his leg up and down, his nerves showing. She nudged him hard. “Stealth is not your strong point, is it?”
“I do now, since I’m keeping you. And if you’re scared about what could happen, then we’ll make our own future instead.”
“Everyone, practice is back on. Now, ready, Cole?” Cole blustered his way through his improvised speech and Mr. Steve led the applause.
Natasha had known all along and she knew kissing him was the worst idea because of it. Because he’d know she loved him back.
He glanced over at the small black box with the arty cufflinks Steve had given for him on the nightstand. Steve had commissioned the artist sometime last year to craft “space geode” cufflinks. The gift stemmed from a long-standing private joke that would be impossible to explain to anyone else. He grinned, thinking of how Steve said “space geode.”
MJ rolled her eyes at that. “It’s what, October? Graduation is in May.”
As Steve already suspected, the mysterious building he had seen before was Tony’s workshop. Tony threw open the door to reveal a large space filled with tools, tables, gears, a blacksmith’s anvil, piles of wood, metal and chemicals. “I spend all my time here,” he said, steering Steve’s attention towards a table. “Here’s my latest discovery -- a light powered by electricity.”
Right. “I like you in the cat version and in the human version,” Steve confessed bashfully.
“Come on, you know you want to go,” Jan said. “Clean clothes, wash your face, you’ll be fine.”
“Tony likes to talk about movies,” Rhodey said.
Tony pressed his lips to Steve’s cheek. “Let me guess,” he said. He pressed his lips to Steve’s jaw.
“It wasn’t just Jan. Clint overheard us talking about big news before the party.”
Tony groaned. “Let’s just get through this first date.”
Two days ago, she had put up with the incessant chirps for a couple of days. It wasn’t like she didn’t look for the tiny bastard. But there are a lot of nooks and crannies for a determined cricket to hide in the workshop. Really, she should have set a robot on it at some point instead of going quietly crazy.
Steve couldn’t stop smiling at him and he laughed at Tony’s jokes and blushed when Tony brushed against him. It was cute and adorable and everything that Tony had day-dreamed about.
“He’s insufferable. That’s all you need to know about that,” Tony declared. “Now pass the noodles.”
As if on cue, Jan and Hank and the women walked out of the restaurant. Hank waved down a cab as Jan rushed over to them. “We’re late to the concert.” She glanced over at Hank. “Look, I told them that you both had Avengers business. I didn’t think you’d want to join us after dinner. I’ll make it up to you both -- I thought that this would be fun.”
His face softened into amazement when he saw Tony. “Oh, Tony, you look great!”
“Oh, wait. I just remembered I still have your tie,” Steve reached into the belt pocket for Tony’s tie.
Hank preened into the mirror. “It’s now who likes Steve’s favorite movies the most. It wouldn’t be so pathetic if Steve liked anything past 1944.”
It had been real, all of it. So real he could have built a skyscraper on it a thousand floors into the troposphere.
That way he laughed when he came back to the workshop with his now empty shoebox after releasing the cricket.
“I’ve heard a lot about Peter. He sounds like a great kid. Nice to meet you.”
More to the point, Rogers was gorgeous as he floated on the breeze coming through the columns of the temple. That slight smile as he drew always made Tony melt a little. The late afternoon sun shone on Rogers, like he was precious statue.
Rhodey looked thoughtful as Mr. Steve and Sharon walked down the street towards the cinema. But Peter traced a figure on the floor. They kept trying and nothing happened.
Star, as usual, appeared on Steve’s balcony. He smiled at her and instinctively reached for the treats he was now keeping in his bedside table as she hopped onto his bed. She let him give her a few belly rubs before she settled down next to his leg as he attempted to read a book, as her tail swept over the pages.
Except he didn’t get the promposal of his dreams. All around him there was a new promposal everyday. Like Sam flying around the quad with all the balloons for Kamala. Seriously, they’d been dating forever. Everyone knew they’d go to the prom together from when it was announced. Steve was running a campaign to get Sam elected Prom King.
“It’s not a novelty act for me, you know, I love your art,” Tony said. “Not as much as I love the artist, though.”
Except that Steve was not really Tony’s, was he? Tony thought he was Brock. And Steve was decidedly not Brock.
“He’s my teacher.”
“You’re not that good an actor, Pete,” she said. “Why did you invite Steve over here?”
Lost Temple found, new boyfriend achieved. Perfect ending to an amazing day, Tony thought as they returned to camp, flipper in flipper.
Everything weighing him down seeped away, leaving Tony only happy and euphoric. Swept up by the raucous crowd around them, Tony tried to rub the digits off Steve’s arms. They locked eyes, Tony easily falling into Steve’s brilliant eyes. Steve bent towards him, Tony tipped his face expectantly. They kissed. And kissed again, tangled up in each other and free to be just Tony and just Steve, young men falling in love with their best friend in a crowded club.
“Do you want to move in?” Tony replied. His breath hitched and pulse beat faster as that old fear that Steve would bail on him reared its ugly head. A lifetime full of disappointments and Steve’s workaholic tendencies had taught him to be wary.
~~~~~
“What?” Tony said, grabbing the printout from Bruce. “All of that for --?”
“Remember to write from the heart, not the brain,” Mr. Rogers advised.
Peter looked up to see Mr. Steve kissed Tony at the doorway. He wasn’t quite sure he was ready for the lovey-dovey stuff.
January was all miserable cold rain and tedium after the holiday rush. Even the initial excitement at getting accepted at MIT had worn off for Peter. Natasha admitted she had nothing so Peter was back at square one about finding his dad a date and a special someone.
“Definitely.” Wow, Steve looked dazzling when he smiled like that.
Rosalind smiled kindly at him. “As you know, Axel, Steve Rogers is a representational artist who works with pen-and-ink and charcoal. Mostly self-taught, he had a year of instruction at Pratt. Surely, Axel, you can see the evolution of his work, especially his later work which reflects the influences of contemporary artists.”
“You’re leaving the cowl on?” Tony asked dumbfounded.
They were meeting Rhodey and Carol at Tony’s favorite restaurant. Tony muttered something about a big announcement they were going to make at dinner as they walked over. “Can’t be that big if Pepper isn’t here.”
“Yes.”
After Fury left, Star let Steve pick her up for the first time as he sat at the table and reviewed his clothing options. Jarvis was in the process of remaking Steve’s wedding clothes. “Which do you think Tony would like?”
Nothing. Nada. Zip.
“Indeed. We have a short time -- please, go into the washroom, your Highness,” Jarvis directed. “Give me the clothes once there.”
Mr. Rogers might have been the ideal candidate for the job of Peter’s dad’s boyfriend. Everyone loved Mr. Rogers, except for one Mr. Tony Stark, who had constantly clashed with the man since he started working at the Midtown School of Science and Technology.
“You will when the Masters of Evil crash that fancy wedding the wedding planner put together and we have to drop everything to arrest them. And we’ll be married during the whole fight.”
Steve put his arm around Tony and hugged him. “No, that’s giving me too much credit. I researched possibilities, in case they came up. Be prepared.”
She chuckled. “The power of belief is a strong force in the art market and art criticism, to the point of blinding people who will not see. But, if you have time, I would love it if you could work on some authentication issues for me. It’s rare to have a contemporary to a lot of the artists working in the early part of the twentieth century.”
They were leaving the restaurant when Mr. Steve and a blonde woman walked by. “Hello, Peter and Tony,” Mr. Steve said.
“Ugh. Cube farms. Let’s check the conference rooms over there.”
“How am I going to get Tony to a dog park somewhere in Brooklyn?”
There’s always a reckoning, Steve presumed. All the weird and horrible stuff that had happened to him during the war was coming home to roost.
“Sure does,” Tony warily responded.
“Clint -- he’s been gone for awhile.” Tony had a thought. “Wait -- he might have gotten into trouble --”
“What?” Peter replied. “I don’t --”
The grey suit looked great on Tony. And admittedly the open collar with no tie look added something as well, even if it still felt too informal for Steve.
“No, leave ‘em on,” Tony gasped. “You have no idea what those gloves are doing for me.”
The girl appeared to be remarkably sincere and Tony was a sucker for young people in trouble. “Come on.”
“I went to that art exhibit -- I’d been invited but you couldn’t go --”
“Hmm.” Tony pushed Steve’s uniform top more open, revealing the tight undershirt. “I’d say you might be thinking of horizontal planes.”
“Okkaayyyy.” He sat down in his usual seat, set down his mug and opened his tablet.
He was desperate to get to the date with Steve.
“No one on this team is going to compete with Hulk petting kittens.” Tony picked up his drawing. “We need to get this back where it belongs.”
“Seriously, I’d remember if I’d met you.”
Tony looked shocked as Mr. Steve turned away. Peter twisted and pushed his way out of his seat not at gracefully and not without knocking into too many people.
“Nah, kid.” Rhodey tipped his head back and forth as he thought. “Tones talks about Rogers a lot -- even before you started this whole thing. It got to the point I suggested that he just kiss the guy already and get it over with.”
Tony swung his machete to carve a path through the thick jungle. He’d been in search of this temple for years. His ovoid body floated warily forward, eager to get to that spot on the map,
“You know me -- I’ve dealt with all sorts of inexperienced, bull-headed explorers who won’t listen. Watched a lot of them die. You -- you’re not incompetent.”
“Team thinks we got engaged last night so we’ve got the day off.”
He couldn’t tell Tony yet. He wasn’t ready to talk, to admit that he was --
He needed help though. Peter needed to find a match for his awesome dad in his limited social circle -- it’s not like he knew a lot of people Tony’s age. There weren’t a lot of options for his dad in his dad’s social circle. Uncle Rhodey would have been his first choice, but Rhodey had been happily seeing Carol for a couple of years now. Then he had to cross Natasha off the list when she mentioned going to a concert with a boyfriend. Plus, Peter had standards about the right person for his dad so it couldn’t be just
“Is the weather terrible where you come from?”
“Oh,” Cap said with even less enthusiasm than Tony.
“I should leave then,” Steve said. Ironically, it seemed that knowing Tony’s secret was what was keeping him alive for now, at least until he reached the border and could flee.
“Any time, Winghead, call Natasha Stark, Air Uber,” she replied.
Mr. Steve looked at Tony and smiled. “I don’t like Star Wars.”
“Lawsuits. HR. I could go on,” Tony muttered. “Hey, I could use some help clearing out the rest of the building.”
The motion of Tony’s arm caused the chair to spin around. Tony flailed on the moving chair and Steve hurried to grab the chair. One of Tony’s cufflinks caught on the buckle of Steve’s gas mask and ripped it open. Steve’s mask fell to the floor, but he’d managed to stabilize the chair. Only for Tony to fall off the chair and smash face-first into the wall.
Steve laughed. “Maybe we should start over?”
Steve tugged harder on the catches. “There,” he said, as he maneuvered the helmet off Tony’s head.
The day of the prom and Jan was still trying to choose between a red dress and a yellow dress. “Natasha is wearing some red dress she picked off the rack -- so red isn’t a good idea.”
in Tony, regardless of the situation -- directing the team in a battle or asking about if there was any coffee left.
“Steve?” Tony asked, arching an eyebrow as he looked up at Steve. “What the hell?”
Peter had some pride. “I can’t believe I’m talking about this with you. Wait -- does Dad know that you know Steve?”
Tony swept back to the table. Steve looked miserable sitting there with Jan trying to de-escalate the situation. He perked up when he saw Tony approach the table.
“A formality – I have clothes and uniforms here, my pile of books are next to my side of the bed, I was just asking for more closet space.”
“I don’t buy coffee for just
“You have to pick
Steve’s super-sensitive hearing picked up Jan talking.
Mr. Steve was making breakfast in the kitchen when Peter returned home. “Want some pancakes?” he offered.
The security cameras pointed out the visitors long before they activated the rusty drawbridge.
“For the men who have everything,” Tony finished.
“That bad?” Tony said, rubbing his boyfriend’s shoulders.
“I wasn’t wearing the boots when we met.” Now outside the cabin, Cap looked over the snowy landscape, blinking in the bright morning sunlight. “It wasn’t at a lecture either.”
Steve kissed and whirled Tony around after Tony hit the ball out of bounds, winning them the match. Tony beamed brighter than the sun, happy and smiling, like he hadn’t stopped smiling since he reconciled with Steve. Peter could leave for Boston, knowing his dad was A-Okay and in good hands.
Peter looked up and watched Cole open and close his mouth twice as he almost burst into tears. “Take five everyone.” The students scattered and Mr. Steve sat down on the stage next to Cole, talking low and smiling. Cole took a deep breath and stood up. “I’m ready to try again,” he said.
Peter narrowed his eyes. “I’m trying to get my dad to ask Mr. Steve out.”
Steve sat up a little straighter so Tony could curl into his side. They could see the snow coming down in thick white flakes, the sort of snow that promised many inches, school closures and miserable fighting conditions. The Avengers had been more than generous to let the newly engaged couple sleep in.
Steve finally arrived. He looked a little torn up. He brushed his hair back into place in the Tower foyer mirror and wiped the dirt off his pants. “Um, I had to fight a couple of AIM agents on my way here.” He put down the boutonniere box on a side table, the small arrangement barely surviving Steve’s fight.
“What. Is. Going. On?” he asked, fixing a grumpy eye on both Jan and Peter wriggling guiltily in their seats.
What Tony got was Steve showing up in Pym’s lab after one of his gym workouts.
Carol and Jan got her into an oversized shirt and yoga pants, with sunglasses to hide behind. Maybe not the most romantic outfit to wear on her way to meet her new-found crush. But it was a hospital and they were Avengers.
“The art world is a funny thing. Maybe they think you’re forging your own work in your free time or something.”
“He doesn’t feel the same way,” she said. As soon as she said it, she knew it was a lie.
“It’s not going to damage the building,” Peter said.
“So you’re going?”
“Tony, I don’t make promises I can’t keep. You are mine, I am yours and that’s the way it is. Come back here and we can sleep in more.”
“The only one?” Fergus asked with an arched eyebrow.
~~~~~
“As far as I know, the calendar is clear. The team is going to see a movie or something like that? Please, no robot movies -- I can’t keep writing Hollywood producers about making better robots -- that last one --”
Tony needed to focus here to solve the problem.
“Oh please, Brian owns a closet of tuxes and you can just magic up whatever you want to wear.” Jan poked at her pad of paper. “A lot is riding on this -- I need to pick some thing that is perfect, looks great on instagram, and doesn’t clash with Thor. Thor is perfection but the yellows.”
Tony Stark didn’t do things in halves.
This time, Steve asked Tony as Tony grouchily ran another dataset in hope of resolving the time loop.
“I’m not letting you do that again.” He stretched and yawned. “Phillips will kill me.”
Peter texted Natasha later that night.
Rhodey pursed his lips. “That’s not my read on the situation.” He twisted a napkin between his fingers. “Pete, your dad was real hurt when your mom died and he doesn’t want to lose anyone like that again. He’s had lots of opportunities over the years -- people have been throwing themselves at him. But no interest, nada, nothing.”
Steve slid an arm around Tony’s waist to draw him close. “Home is where I hang my shield. A nail in the wall, a nightstand, and one side of the closet, and we’re all set.”
“For the record, I want you to know that this is a stupid idea,” MJ said. She and Peter were waiting outside Mr. Rogers’ classroom.
Tony thought he’d moved on. He’d scarcely given Steve a thought over the past year. Excruciating pain had faded away to memory, the rage turned to cold ashes.
Steve memorized the path back to his room from the stables. Now that he was settled a bit, he needed to map out escape routes for when he would need them.
“I wanted to date
He gave Star a kiss on her head. “I wish -- I wish Tony would like me too,” he finally confessed to his feline friend. Actually, he was now nursing a large crush on Tony, who was turning out to be everything that Steve had dreamt of when he thought of a life partner. “Have I told you about his plans for education for all children in Malibu?”
The rest of the team had gone undercover at a night club tracking down the latest supervillains in New York -- the Rave Crew. Tony was too old for this shit. Jan had pointed that he should probably work on his grimace and audible grumbling whenever the Rave Crew showed up with their trademarked EDM theme music because it was not a good look on the nightly news.
flattered for the last couple of times. He was flattered, excited, and thrilled, not to mention being completely and utterly scared out of his ever lovin’ mind that Steve of all people had romantic thoughts towards him, Anthony Edward Stark.
Steve could hear the slow tick-tock of the clock his mother had had back in their apartment. He’d heard that soft ticking in the quiet of the kitchen as he struggled to get through his homework.
Jan hadn’t even told him who was playing tonight. So he had no idea if he had anything to look forward to.
Sara looked at Tony and discreetly rolled her eyes. A half hour into this couples’ date and Tony had no idea how they were going to make it as a group to the concert.
“We’ll just tell people that you’ve decided to go by Steve. It’s a better name,” Natasha pointed out.
“I understand that Captain Rogers doesn’t want to see or talk to me. But it would be beneficial for us to meet if only to reconnect him to his work,” Axel Fergus said over the phone to Tony. Someone had given Fergus the mistaken impression that Tony had influence over Steve.
Steve’s enthusiasm was irresistible and Tony couldn’t help but finally kiss his perfect assistant. Steve blushed. “Gee, Mr. -- Tony.”
“Mr. Stark -- that might be too familiar.”
“Tony,” he said in that low, warm voice. Which never failed to send a little thrill down Tony’s spine. A few minutes ago, Tony would have chalked it up to Steve’s legendary status. But maybe -- maybe it was something else.
“Arc reactor, buddy,” Tony replied.
“Call me Tony -- you are?”
When he got up in the middle of the night, he found his dad quietly sitting in the dark, just looking out the living room window. “Is everything okay, Dad?”
“Ohhhh, yeah. That explains a lot.” He chuckled. “I sympathize. What can we do, short of locking them in a closet?” Rhodey mused.
“Isn’t the whole Cap squad wearing red or something red?” Loki asked. He was dressed in his Asgardian finest, all gold and green and shiny.
“If you want it to be one?”
Peter hadn’t seen his dad this happy in a very long time. He smiled and joked with Mr. Steve during breakfast.
~~~~~
Then again, don’t sign up for a secret military project as a test subject for a untested serum. Or enlist in a war where the enemy liked to experiment on captured prisoners. Steve had been captured, always managed to escape, but all it took was that one time.
Mr. Steve and Tony argued about movies, sports, television shows, messenger bags, fountain pens, and kitchen sponges. That argument happened in the Decathlon carpool and all MJ had to do was say ‘sponge’ and Peter would break out in a full body shudder.
Carol propped her elbows on the table, interlaced her fingers, and rested her chin on her hands. “Ohhh, so the mysterious Rogers likes trivia.”
“Don’t read the Bugle,” Jan said.
“So much for the new helmet,” Tony complained. “Contrary to my design, the lighter metal is not better after all.”
“You are aware that you are being told this in some confidence,” Fury said.
Once they were alone, Steve put his arm around Tony’s waist and pulled him close. “Thank you for backing me up.”
Natasha took a deep breath. Relocating crickets wasn’t the only way you showed you loved someone. Showing up did.
He grinned as he watched Steve analyze and calculate the team’s chances. He adored Steve’s brilliant tactical mind, the little half-smile he always had on his face as he considered and weighed strategies. Just part of Steve’s charms.
“Your idea!” Tony exclaimed, as he snuggled up to Steve. “You were talking to Father Morales about Timely and he joked about you making me an honest man. You said you’d be glad to. We had the rings, the priest, Gass is the local government, and we had all we needed on hand. Shepherd played the fiddle.” Tony kissed his cheek. “Notice we’re alone -- Gass declared this the honeymoon suite.”
Steve was undeniably gorgeous, right here in Club A. Among their friends playing pool, listening to the band, laughing and dancing.
Then it sank in what Steve had said. “What?! Wait – did Jan think –”
There, it was out in the open. One of Steve’s darkest secrets.
Tony puffed up some. “I’ve been inventing since I could walk. I made the palace summon system, for one thing.”
“I don’t know about this, Rhodey. It feels like I’m betraying Maya by even thinking of dating anyone.”
“You’re from New York City, no one else says ‘Jersey’ with such contempt.” Tony felt the tug and pull of sleep. Damn, Cap was the best blanket, pillow and bed all-in-one. Except for the wet leather smell.
Steve took out a sketchbook to sketch the chair with Tony in it and Tony not in it.
Sam stayed at the doorway, dismayed that the morning plans were disrupted. Rhodey soon joined him. Tony waved hello to the captain. He said to Steve, “You’ve met Rhodey -- Rhodey has been my best friend from childhood.”
“Right,” Steve replied. Still a guest here, he reminded himself. Still impersonating a prince.
“Where did the rings come from?” Steve asked. Tony often baffled and surprised him, even more now that he’d mostly given up drinking. All he had to was ask about his workshop and next thing he’d know, he’d listened to Tony talk about steam engines for two hours straight. He’d never met anyone like Tony before or after Steve came to Timely.
Steve had nothing to his name so that was not an issue. He’d been given a week’s worth of clothes, mostly castoffs from Brock, and a set of used wedding clothes from Alexander’s recent fourth marriage. “The wagon came with me.”
“I’m sure you have your reasons.” Tony adored Steve, but admittedly his eyes did glaze over on the rare occasion when Steve went into far more detail about art or art supplies or the art process than Tony was mentally prepared for. “You know, for not working in watercolors.”
Steve tugged on his ear. “Yes?” he replied, his voice wobbly.
“I mean, we do have to fund the Avengers somehow.”
Tony found him in the royal library buried in an art technique book.
Natasha shrugged. “Tony’s a good guy. Stubborn. Steve’s stubborn too.”
Two hours of this and no sign of the Rave Crew.
Her phone vibrated again. Jess. Carol. Clint. Where are you? Cap’s in ICU.
“Dad?”
“I’ll cover the bottom floors,” Ororo volunteered.
So that’s how Tony found himself looking at Steve across a table in a crowded restaurant as they heard all about Hank’s latest research. Steve was listening intently, unlike Sara (Tony’s date) or Daphne (Steve’s date). Even Jan was checking her nails. But Steve leaned forwards, as if absolutely fascinated by ants. It didn’t hurt that Steve looked particularly dashing and handsome tonight -- Jan had dressed him in more modern clothes.
Steve sipped his coffee and watched the snow. “We’ve been benched.”
“Or the Controller or whoever is in charge of AIM these days or – let’s be real, there’s at least fifty guys and gals that would go a long long way to bust up our big day.” Tony drummed his fingers on the bed. “Wait – why did they jump straight to us getting engaged? Why not moving in together? I could have given you a box with a key to my suite.”
Tony couldn’t recall a single thing that occurred during the annual Avengers holiday party that would have resulted in them being benched. Food was excellent. He drank seltzer and lemon all night and Steve his craft beers. The Cards Against Humanity game hadn’t resulted in blood-letting. No one had stupidly challenged Thor or Carol to arm-wrestling. No one had complained about the silly, the serious or the thoughtless presents.
“Based on the information given, and, thank you, Steve, for your help, it’s obvious that four of the submitted pieces have been misattributed to Steve and that one -- the drawing of Brooklyn docks -- was done by Steve.”
“Clint told Jan who told me that Steve wanted to rescue you. That might mean something to Steve, more than who likes his favorite films.”
Tony was calibrating the infrared spectrograph in the lab for Pym. At least this was interesting, as opposed to the hand-to-hand combat training Ares put him through earlier and then the session at Steve’s stupid obstacle course. He had a new set of bruises and sand in places he didn’t know he could get sand.
“Late?”
Actually she shouldn’t be in her workshop in the Mansion.
“Well, let’s see what Rosalind Danvers from the Guggenheim has to say,” Tony said. “Ms. Danvers is a well known expert in mid-twentieth century American art.” Fergus looked appropriately pissed off, especially since Tony hadn’t explained all her credentials, just the top ones. She was the person everyone told him was The Expert he needed.
“Really?” Tony asked, searching Steve’s face in case Steve was faking it. Deciding that Steve was in fact sincere in wanting to see the workshop, Tony led them back towards the stables.
“I’ll figure it out -- maybe it really is just a loose wire.”
“A gas version of a love potion,” Tony replied flatly. Steve could picture him eye-rolling at the idea. “In the HVAC.”
Steve did like movies after ‘44 -- Tony had shown him lots of movies. Steve wasn’t crazy about war movies or some of the horror, though he’d liked Jaws. They’d watched the Transformers movies just the other night. Steve had laughed at Tony’s running commentary. “Right.”
Fury peered at Steve. “I’ve heard of you -- you rescued a dozen people from a flood on the border last year, even risked your life to plug up the broken dam.”
On the video Steve waved off Tarleton, grabbed his shield and headed to the reactor.
The gas mask was now in pieces since Steve stepped on it heavily. “We need to get back to evacuating people. I can improvise something as we go.”
“Technical drawing is a good skill to have and art appreciation broadens the educational experience,” Mr. Rogers said, as neutrally as possible.
Steve was her personal puzzle box.
Tony rested a hand on his face, breaking him from his thoughts. “Steve, all will be well.” Then he leaned forward to kiss Steve, a sweet first kiss full of wonder and joy.
“I can’t --”
Axel Fergus, of course, was there -- dressed fashionably in a muted plaid suit and red-rimmed glasses, giving Tony even more reasons to despise the man. His producer, film crew and assistant art historians were on standby. Tony had assembled his own art crew from the team that secured public art for Stark Industries properties. He had also arranged for an independent evaluator.
He flipped over the paper on his clipboard and nibbled on the end of his pencil as he went over the calibration checklist. Jan had texted him about meeting her at the Big Cheese to grab some slices and listen to Loki fret over what he was going to wear to the prom.
“Okay,” Steve said. Since that’s all he could really say at this point.
“Someone caught it on video.”
The revived helicarrier Chimera was now home. Hulk had destroyed the RV and MODOK shot up the remains of the estate. Bruce had offered him a place and Tony was worn out and couldn’t really say no. There wasn’t anywhere else to go.
“My friend’s dog -- Lucky. Lucky is a bit obsessed over frisbees.” Mr. Steve looked around and scratched his head. “I don’t know where ours went.”
Tony’s ass and legs and back would look amazing on Steve’s bed. Especially if Tony didn’t have any clothes on.
No wonder the team thought that Steve had proposed last night. They should have been married years ago. They should have gotten married the afternoon Tony found him. It was ridiculous the amount of time they hadn’t been married.
“How is it going?” Mr. Rogers said warmly to Peter, MJ, and Ned. Like he had a sixth sense about their papers.
Cap ignored him. “You can have the bed,” he offered.
Tony made an escape to the bathroom at a break in the who’s-queen-of-the-mountain competition. He might have stayed there longer than necessary.
“You bet.”
Steve smiled at her, the same fond smile he had when he came back, all proud about relocating that cricket.
Natasha waved her off. “It’s fine, I’ve got work to do.”
Steve said nothing but stood there, arms crossed over, glowering as only Steve could. “I can take the criticism -- that’s one of the first things I learned. But no one seems to care what I say about which piece I made or not.”
As they made their way down to the floor, Tony shed his jacket, tucked his phone in his front pocket, and rolled up his sleeves. Then Steve snagged an angel’s halo from somewhere and put it on Tony’s head.
Tony would always notice the tiny twig sticking out of Steve’s collar whenever he looked at the picture. For the rest of his life he would notice and he would remember that Steve didn’t have a patch on his friends’ dates.
“Right. Back to that proposal thing. What?”
Actually, Thor had threatened to shove Yellowjacket through a wall after the last Avengers’ fight with a new Masters of Evil configuration. Something about Hank almost taking Thor’s arm off with a shrink beam.
~~~~~
The temple had to be there.
Great, that meant that Tony had likely put on the Iron Man helmet to filter out the gas. “The gas is now in the HVAC. Could be a pheromone spray,” Steve said.
“Can you work on the engine in the snow?” Cap asked, without a trace of sarcasm or retort in his voice. “You weren’t keen on the jeep’s chances.”
After Peter got into the car, Rhodey suggested that they go and grab some slices at a local pizza place since Tony was going to be out late at a work event. They were in the middle of talking about MIT, when Rhodey dropped the bomb.
Jan huffed as she tucked her phone away. “I’m ready for the after-party at Club A.”
But now, Peter and Ororo were staring at the ceiling. Specifically, looking at the large Hulk-shaped hole in the ceiling. The five crates were crushed, glass bottle fragments everywhere, and clouds of colored gas were floating around the lab and fast escaping through the hole and door into the Stark Tower HVAC system.
So maybe Tony occasionally being a cat wasn’t the worse thing Steve was facing. He liked cats and he liked Tony.
It was too late to contain the gas, which had been the point of the holding lab. That was, before the Hulk-sized hole in the ceiling. Steve was also pretty certain that Tony was going to take it hard that Hulk managed to punch a hole through the floor of the reinforced lab that was supposed to handle any threat, except for, apparently, Hulk searching for a lost kitty. “Right.”
“That Transformers films are complete trash.”
Tony woke up thinking about that thirty-first conversation with Steve. He thought about it as he broke the coffee machine. He thought about it as he walked back with coffee from the coffee shop. He thought about it when he opened up Sam’s report on Ultron.
Peter blurted out, “Cap-had-a-public-fight-with-an-art-expert-at-an-exhibit-someone-video’ed-on-their-phone-and-”
Peter was a bit too confused to get offended at what Nat said. “What?”
“Says what kind of person you are.”
“Don’t run away or scream,” Tony begged. “There’s a reason.”
Peter texted Rhodey.
You know, when someone wants to ask you to the prom and makes a big deal about, like getting all your friends together to sing you a serenade, throw flower petals and glitter, hire a plane to skywrite “Will you go with me to the prom?”
“You’re brilliant,” Steve said. “Tell me more.”
“What’s so funny, big guy?”
“Aww, you’re so angry, you’re trying modern slang again. Let’s say we take the Shelby out for a spin.”
“How many people on this floor?” Steve asked.
“Rhodey won that bet -- the minute he saw you, he said that Alexander had sent a palace guard in Brock’s place.”
Legends told how three generations of tsums built the largest temple of them all, full of treasure and treachery. Because of war, sickness and famine, the temple, once the center of thriving empire, became lost in the mists of time.
Queen Maria smiled at Steve as he was seated next to her at the Welcome Tea Party. “I trust your journey was pleasant.”
Steve had a story for each of the pieces he said he had done. Rosalind smiled and guided Steve back to talk about the pieces he ignored. Steve had no problem saying that he hadn’t done them -- one clearly had to be a forgery because he wasn’t drawing anything when fighting Nazis in the Ardennes.
Sam gave an excellent tour and Steve genuinely enjoyed the man’s company. They walked from the royal family quarters to the galleries to the throne room to the spacious gardens. The whole palace was filled with light and flowers and art.
They headed to a stairwell to clear the next floor. “How long can you hold your breath?” Tony asked.
“Thank you for believing me,” Steve said gratefully
“Like a love potion,” Peter helpfully supplied.
Tony’s beautiful smile made Steve think that he could get used to Tony as both a cat and a human pretty darn quickly.
Tony was watching Steve closely, as if he was reading Steve’s mind and finding the answer favorable.
It all went off the rails when Steve had given him the box in the kitchen when it was just them alone instead of during the group present opening. Jan had walked in on Tony enthusiastically kissing Steve and then jumped right out with profuse apologies.
“What?”
And if Steve didn’t stop Tony from walking out that door, he'd lose the best thing he had in his life.
“I wasn’t sure if the cheese was up to your standards --”
“You’re the only one who showed up and I didn’t scare you off.”
“That’s just complicated and unnecessary.”
Through bleary eyes he looked at the emails -- all marked important -- from the Avengers PR team. Shit. He needed to care.
He could understand. The workshop was Tony’s own kingdom. And now the stories about Tony’s libertine lifestyle made sense. No one thought that the prince was sneaking away to work on improving plows.
Tony leaned his head into Steve’s shoulder. “What’s that noise?”
Natasha texted.
Back to the panic attack -- what in hell was he going to do on a date with Steve? What should he wear? Where would they go? What would they do? Should Tony have gotten restaurant reservations?
Steve liked how Tony’s hair was mussed in a rather attractive way. What would it feel like if he ran his hand through Tony’s hair, just letting each of the strands slip over his fingers? Would Tony look up at him through hair falling over his eyes?
Steve sputtered. “We were being filmed for a show. This art expert -- Fergus or something -- authenticates art that people find in their garages or attics and they sell the pieces at auction. The producer wanted a surprise.” Steve set a steely-eyed gaze on Tony. “I was set up.”
“He’s also the coach for the Academic Decathlon,” Peter said.
“I don’t think they like each other very much.”
“Just how many black t-shirts do you have again?” Jan said as she rummaged through Natasha’s closet.
“Just a late night -- just lawyer stuff, you know,” the blonde, presumably Sharon, said.
The bell rang and students flooded out of the art room. MJ grabbed Peter and they headed in.
“I don’t work in watercolors,” Steve explained as Tony walked into Steve’s art studio. “I never worked in watercolors.”
Maria nodded, obviously weighing Steve’s words. “Prince Brock, that must be a terrible inconvenience for you. I will find you some assistance. Are your clothes and belongings delayed as well?”
“I’d be going back to Triskelion,” Steve said. He studied Tony as he sat on the edge of his chair, ready to be rejected by Steve.
“Um.” Steve deflated like a balloon. His face screwed up, like he was pulling on the same determination he used when punching a tank. “Um, a date date?”
“He’ll figure it out.” Loki stood up. “Come on.”
If he hadn’t relived Thursday over and over and over again, and finally asked Steve to just go out for a date right then and there, damn all Steve’s romantic plans for their significant first date, Tony would have bailed.
“Pete -- what do you want for dinner?” his dad yelled from the living room.
Steve was the type of man who showed his love by capturing annoying crickets.
It wasn’t even mid-morning and it had been a trying day already. Obadiah had insisted on breakfast with Steve in the council rooms. A get-to-know-you-better event with a number of the King’s council. It erased all the joy Steve felt after his now-daily rides with Sam in the early morning.
“Or a hole in Bruce’s second lab’s floor,” Peter said. “It’s all in the way you see it.”
Tony locked eyes with Steve. Steve couldn’t read him and spikes of fear that Tony was angry with him crashed through him.
“Still top secret,” Captain America replied, and his smile had steel in it.
Yeah, it was good, wasn’t it? Peter considered as he realized he was expected to clean up. He didn’t mind, as he overheard his Dad and Steve still lingering in conversation at the front door, reluctant to part.
Natasha was confident that the rest of the team, combat trained by Steve, would be fine. She wasn’t as sure about Steve. She gently worked the cowl off Steve’s face and loosened the neck guard. “The EMTs are going to be here any minute. The team can beat up the Masters of Evil without us.”
~~~~~
Bruce smiled. “No harm, no foul. A bunch of AIM agents designed gas clouds for the Scientist Supreme’s birthday party -- that’s my theory. Or something like that.”
“I’ve been misled,” Steve thought as he examined the tapestries outside the throne room. They were taught in Triskelion that Malibu was a poor and run-down country faced with food shortages and illnesses.
Someone from the team would call. She pulled down her goggles and fired up the welding machine.
Jan sat up brightly. “Clint and Natasha?”
She had a knack for getting Steve to loosen up, a testament to a hidden superpower of artist wrangling. “Um, this is a copy of the piece that I did in high school -- it was a building around the corner from my apartment.”
“Hey, come on,” Sharon said with a laugh tugging on Steve’s jacket. “If I don’t get him to leave now, he’ll want to stay and argue movies.”
“Yeah.”
“You’re free, I already checked your schedule.”
Beyond the stables, Steve saw the practice yards and the guard barracks. He could see himself living there, working with Sam and Sam’s friends. The barracks were covered in spring flowering vines, just the like the other palace utility buildings.
Steve was there in the hospital and she was here in the workshop.
“You need to get your gas mask back on,” Tony said. “Since we have a weaponized love potion gas in the air.”
And there had been that time when he beat Brock so thoroughly in hand-to-hand combat training that Brock had Steve flogged.
“I heard that you aren’t an early riser,” Steve said to Tony.
But Saturday was never coming at this rate if Tony didn’t work his way through his problem.
“That was just a huge mind-control mess,” Tony said.
She opened the door to Steve’s room.
“Right.”
“Are you crazy?” Tony asked. “There is no way that this will end well. Trust me on that -- I have years of exploring experience under my belt.”
“Maybe something went wrong while the good Captain was indisposed?” Fergus pushed.
“Pasta Barn -- that’s not --?”
“Get your math done, Stevie, and then you can draw,” Sarah would say from her washtub. He heard that loud ticking as he sewed buttons back on shirts that his mother washed while Steve squirmed and shifted in his seat, eager to be set free to play outside.
Which of course was the exact point in the conversation Tony began to really, really, really worry.
“I sure the hell know I’m not sharing a bed with Captain Canada.” Tony yawned and actually snuggled closer to Cap. Cap didn’t even move. “I’m guessing you’re from New York -- a trace of an accent.”
“You should go,” Steve mumbled. “I’ll be okay.”
He should have texted Tony to suggest meeting up. But that would have made Tony worry. Is it the team, Cap? Is there an emergency?
Steve wasn’t always good at understanding emotion, but he sure got Tony’s message loud and clear. Regardless of how Steve felt, Tony had already committed to this new state of affairs between them. His disappointment in thinking that Steve didn’t want that commitment was written all over his face.
Peter wanted to snap at her because there was no way his dad, who was perfect and terrific and all the good things, would have done anything to Mr. Steve.
Tony stood up and walked over to the side of Steve’s chair. He reached down and gently pulled Steve’s head and shoulder against his leg. “Shush your overactive brain. Knowing you, you’ve been thinking about this for hours.”
Steve smiled back, relieved that Tony was not annoyed with him.
“God, Jan, she still has some of Steve’s blood on her cheek.”
“I’ll take that as high praise.”
“Um, yeah,” Bruce stammered. He sighed and shifted from foot to foot. “Um, Kamala -- Kamala Khan --” he pointed to the girl next to him “-- found some information and --”
“What are boyfriends for?” Tony replied. “Fergus was unbearable and your video was getting close to the same number of hits as Ororo striking Logan with lightning.”
“Steve,” Tony exhaled with all the love he felt for Steve. A Valentine’s Day restaurant date was a big, fussy ordeal – with a planned proposal thrown into the mix – and Unromantic Steve was planning to do it all for him. A big risk, given all the space wars they’d been in recently.
“Where’s that light coming from?” Kamala asked.
“You have no idea,” Tony said, tearing into the bag. “My favorite.”
~~~~~
Then Steve stopped by and they were deep in conversation about Avengers business and what Steve was doing that weekend and what Natasha was working on and the cricket chirped and Natasha jumped about five feet in the air from the surprise.
“Let’s go now,” Loki said.
“Really? You’d go back there? After Alexander left you to fend for yourself?” Tony asked with surprise.
Maybe he talked too much about Tony to Star. But there was so much to say.
The thing about the superhero life was the time travel. God, it made Steve sick at times to shuttle back and forth to the past, to the future, to dystopian alternate timelines that could be stopped from happening if the Avengers just did this one weird thing. He’d traveled to the end of time once and the very idea made his head hurt thinking about it.
“Please, it’s Sara. I have so many stories about that show, Steve.”
Probably a bad idea to hang out with Jan tonight -- Tony should go to bed early, he had an early start for flight practice. And he adored flight practice. He lifted his googles to rub his eyes. To be honest, he was so tired he was heading to zombie-town.
“July, of course. Best weather in the Hamptons,” Tony replied automatically. “Hard to get hotel rooms, and we’d have to book the venue a couple of years ahead of time. It’d be worth it.”
. Steve turned out to have the worst combination of traits -- sincerity, intelligence, kindness, loyalty, and an adorable streak of stubborness.
Tony was an amazing sight, all beautiful, olive skin highlighted by the bright white of his shirt. Steve wanted to kiss him all over, tear his shirt off and kiss him all over again. Steve started to pull his gloves off.
“Oh?” Steve replied, taking his seat. Fury was dangerous in a way Obadiah wasn’t. He had avoided Fury so far, feeling that Fury could see right through him.
She wanted to shut down the memory and shove all the feelings that ‘us’ filled her with far, far away. There was no ‘us,’ no ‘Steve and Natasha,’ no ‘Natasha and Steve.’
Tony wanted to whack some sense into the man, but he had a sneaking suspicion that he’d get a face full of shield before he lifted his hand.
She laughed at terrible sci-fi movies with Steve, ate pizza late into the night talking about books and travel and Steve’s ridiculous taste in shirts, sat next to him at team de-briefings and dinners, because they were friends. She got Steve and Steve got her.
“A lifetime ago, actually.”
“I’d like to go to Europe,” Steve offered. “It’d be nice to visit on our own, not as Avengers.”
Later, after the disappointed film crew had been dispatched and the Stark Industries people had left for a celebratory dinner on the company credit card, Rosalind lingered with Steve over his pieces. “It’s been an honor, Steve, to talk about your work.”
Tony sighed. “I don’t think any of us took it that seriously -- just having a fun time. Breakfast and heading back to Timely will clear it all up.” He pulled the sheets around him as he swung his feet off the bed.
“Yep.”
“You saw through me?” Sam joked with a slight edge to his voice.
But he’d give his eyeteeth to have more of Steve.
“She’s helping Bruce.”
They’d been told by a Wells Fargo agent to look for Octavius Gass’s ranch, a waystop with clean rooms and decent food. The cost for their bed in the ranch house equaled more than one week's salary for Steve, but Tony handed the money over with no question. The dinner was excellent and the company better, with their fellow travelers headed to Los Angeles and other points West.
“Nice to see you again, Rogers,” Rhodey said. “This is my partner, Carol.”
“Yeah. Date. You, me. Not Saturday like you planned. Now. Maybe after a shower. I don’t think I smell too good right now.”
Actually he had almost forgotten how young Steve was. Until Tony saw him tonight out there in the crowd, easy to spot because he was tall, had blue streaks in his wavy blond hair, and glitter attractively sparkling over his handsome face and strong shoulders. Anyone could see that Steve belonged in this crowd of gorgeous young people gyrating their hearts out.
“Pheromone spray?” Steve asked.
Like what Brian did to ask Loki.
“That’s amazing,” Steve said with pure admiration. “And all the things -- like the running water in the wash rooms? The lighting in the palace? All you?”
Tony swung his feet off the bed and stood up, raking a hand through his hair before putting his hat back on. “Go on,” he said.
Or like what Thor did.
Steve had too much time on his hands for some projects and too little time to work on others. He couldn’t focus on his book. Nice to have the time to read for fun. But each little noise pricked his ears -- the curse was that he could hear a lot -- and he thought maybe it was Tony arriving early to hang with him.
“Going to hold your breath?” Tony asked.
He shimmied away from Steve, who immediately felt the cold space between them, a sudden gulf the size of the Atlantic Ocean Steve’s family had traveled over from Ireland.
The ambient warmth on his skin told him he didn’t want to risk the stabbing pain he’d likely get when he opened his eyes directly into a faceful of morning sun. With a groan, he turned over, rolling right smack into Tony’s firm backside.
All of the pain came flooding back over Tony. Someone had murdered Steve and then Tony spent the past five years burning evidence, scattering ashes and salting the earth to drive home that Steve had never truly existed. As if their love had been nothing more than a myth written in lost languages in dusty libraries.
“Um, maybe a doctor we trust --”
“Hank is trying, you know.”
“Ha,” Tony snorted. “Do you think we could get all that done before the team returns?”
“Steve’s a great guy. Maya wouldn’t expect you to stay single all your life. I haven’t seen you with this spring in your step in a long time and Steve’s the guy who put it there.”
. Steve’s lips curled in a smile. Tony’s eyes were so beautifully blue.
Tony let Steve into the apartment, both of them now reduced to throwing lame accusations at each other, both exhausted from the fight.
“This might as well happen,” Tony thought as he went cartwheeling through the air.
Alexander was not inclined to saddle his precious son with such a husband, even if it would be short time. He summoned all the young palace guards and servants and carefully inspected each and every one. He examined Steve closely, finally saying with a sigh that he had to settle for someone. Steve was passably attractive and had some wit, he supposed, and could read and write at least and was inoffensive enough to not raise the suspicions of the Malibu court.
“I take back what I said about you being unromantic. You’re such a true romantic, through and through.”
“Fine,” Tony grumbled.
Peter shrugged. “Not much of one.”
He opened the door and Tony breezed past him with a half-smile on his face. “Look, more gas clouds,” Tony said. “They almost look kind of festive.”
Steve stood in Bruce’s lab, feeling deeply cheated out of his impromptu plans. Jan and Peter whispered to Ororo while sneaking glances at Tony and Steve. Tony stood next to Bruce at his computer and pointedly ignored Steve. Which made Steve even grumpier.
Natasha doesn’t ever want to admit that a cricket was the beginning of her problems.
After Mr. Rogers left, Ned said to them, “Seriously, write from the heart? You know he's a tough grader.”
Steve fiddled with Tony’s belt, eager to get his gloved hands on some skin. Tony shimmied against Steve, sending a thrill down Steve’s spine.  “Guess,” he said, a rough edge of desire in his voice.
“He left. He said he’ll be back when it’s over or when they kick him out of the next bar.”
Carol had come along. That meant business.
“Come on,” Steve insisted, tugging on Tony’s arm.
“Date? Me?”
“Not sure,” Tony said. “I’m flying blind without the helmet.”
Steve collapsed on the bed, his body shaking from laughing. Tony swatted at him as Steve shifted away from him and wiped tears from his eyes.
Tony locked his eyes on Steve then cleverly loosened up his tie so that the knot fell apart and stepped away from Steve, leaving the tie in Steve’s hand. “We need to check the other rooms.”
MJ had scoffed at him, saying things like “Your dad is perfectly capable of taking care of himself. He’s an adult.”
So that’s how Tony was asked to the Avengers Academy Prom. Simple, direct, in Pym’s lab, his least favorite place on campus, when he was sore and tired.
He walked out of the RV and headed over to the grill. “Tony,” Bruce said.
Ned nudged him. “Doesn’t look good.” He pointed at Mr. Steve who had his hands on his waist and Tony was waving his arms around. Then Mr. Steve and Mr. Wilson walked away with Lucky, who still had Peter’s frisbee in his mouth.
“Date?” Steve replied, shocked.
In the afternoon, Tony woke up with a terrible crick in his neck from sleeping on it wrong, and a tiredness so profound he wasn’t sure that coffee would cure it. Wait -- he rubbed his eyes, not sure at first if anything the night before had really happened.
Cap sipped his water, his cowl conveniently cut so that he could eat and drink with it on. But he still looked uncomfortable. The cowl was likely to be wet and cold from the outside wood run and snow gathering.
The basket of breadsticks was finally shoved in front of his face. Peter reached for one when he heard a gasp.
Tony had hated the man right on the spot when they met at a Parent-Teacher Night last year. Peter hadn’t been there for the argument, but he was there when Tony burst through their apartment door, ranting about that idiot art teacher who just did. not. get. physics. Tony would not shut up for three days, complaining that the school had no standards if they hired such a stupid, sanctimonous shithead as Rogers.
“Don’t worry about it.”
“It’s a date,” Tony lightly replied.
, Tony. You were at the top of the list.”
Steve took a deep breath as he descended from the carriage to be greeted by the entire court of King Howard of Malibu.
“He’s already attending to Dad. But no one thought it could be poison.” Tony groaned. “Obadiah’s been bringing Dad’s favorite fruit to him each morning.”
She shouldn’t be thinking about a stupid cricket and Steve’s stupid smile while he’s in ICU at the hospital.
“Our secret.”
Steve grimaced. He looked up towards a street light, as his innate politeness warred with his desire to escape.
Once they became a couple, Tony earned the right to know what was going on with Steve, even if Steve wasn’t all that good at expressing it. He handed the pile over to Tony.
~~~~~
After getting Steve into his embroidered jacket and breeches, Jarvis tsked over the fit and fashion. Even Steve, unused to fancy fashion, could tell he looked woefully out of place in Howard’s modern court as he looked at himself in the head-to-toe mirror, the largest mirror he’d ever seen.
“Team thinks we’re engaged already. We can’t undermine their trust in us.”
A moment etched in time. Steve, still beautiful and strong and so damn real.
Just right then, it dawned on Steve that Tony had stopped snoring and was as naked as the day he’d been born. The large room was suspiciously quiet, as if the other ranch guests were already up and gone for the day. And there was an unusual weight on Steve’s hand.
“If you need anything, just push the right-hand button -- right, that one. You push that other button if you want something to eat.”
Steve’s life was so entwined with Tony’s that he nearly forgot where he started and Tony began. Like a branch grafted onto a tree to create a new fruit tree, he’d be nothing without Tony.
“Right.”
“It’s not that -- it’s just that a lot of our friends aren’t dating right now. Rhodey is seeing someone, but I haven’t even met her. So that’s a no-go.”
“I’m not taking the cowl off.”
The Rave Crew liked to taunt them about being too old to be cool. Ororo laughed it off, Steve ignored it.
Tony put away his phone. “Yeah, um, I’ll tell you later about this time loop thing. Have you ever seen Groundhog Day? Never mind, it’s not a big deal.”
“Nice of you to tell everyone that the drawing is priceless, when the critics offered to buy it.”
“Mr. Stark? Mr. Stark?” Kamala knocked at the door. “Ms. Hill and Dr. Banner have a lead on those power cores you need.”
“I’m not Brock.”
Tony showed up with a huge flower bouquet. Like the biggest bunch of flowers Peter had ever seen. “Uh, Steve?” he said as he sort of sidled up to the table, not able to get closer to Steve.
This time, Steve remembered to nod imperiously. Brock had something of a reputation that Steve needed to uphold. Considering that he was impersonating the prince.
“Natasha, I’m not sure if that’s a good idea. Dad was complaining about him again this morning.” Peter had to get Tony to sign a permission slip for the upcoming Academic Decathlon competition and that set Tony off about stupid Rogers.
“We’ve talked about it, getting married.” Tony nodded in agreement, and Steve continued. “I picked up the ring and all I could think about was when I could ask you. I almost asked last week at breakfast when you were fixing the coffee machine.”
Peter hadn’t thought about it like that. His mom, Maya, was a pretty special person. “I should stop, is that what you’re suggesting?”
Steve was waiting for him with coffee and a bagged lunch. “I though you could use something before class,” he said, handing the food over to Tony’s grabby hands.
Tony shot him a look. “I’d like to see you try it with me.”
Tony looked up into Steve’s beautiful blue eyes and thought about all the coffee he brought him over the past few weeks. A promposal had nothing on being here with Steve. Especially when Steve ran his fingers through Tony’s hair and gave him a kiss on the top of his head. “That got to hurt.”
“That’s okay -- I have something I can pull out of the closet,” he replied. Maybe -- he’d been out of circulation for a long time and all his club wear suits could be out of date. He tapped the arc reactor, a subtle reminder that he was not the team’s choice to work the dance club’s floor.
“Sharon wanted to see a new documentary -- I didn’t catch the name,” Mr. Steve replied.
When they reached the bar, Tony held the door open for Steve.  “How did Jan talk you into this?”
Solution -- find his Dad a perfect someone special.
“I don’t know why I had to come,” Tony stated as he set up camp on the bench with Ned and Peter.
Admittedly after he had food and a shower, Tony was so damn excited that Steve asked him that he couldn’t actually sleep. He texted Steve repeatedly about the prom and could they take his car to the prom, even though a limo was better, and maybe they should talk it over dinner.
“You should come down to the workshop,” Tony said. “I’ve just --”
“No. Not right now.”
Rosalind had already inspected the art and made her evaluation, though Tony had no idea what she was going to say. “Steve, would you walk us through the pieces?”
Steve patted her shoulder. “Do you have a shoe box?”
That wasn’t the answer Steve was expecting. “What?”
“Steve!” Steve piped up.
he texted his dad.
“Wow,” Rogers said full of awe.
“Yeah,” Peter said. He was frozen in his seat as he watched his dad put everything on the line to get Mr. Steve back.
Tony felt buoyant on the floor, the music swirling and then lifting him up, fortified by Steve’s smiles. Steve refused to leave his side, two angels dancing the night away, laughing and silly like all the other people around them.
Peter scanned the desk. Ned had noticed that Mr. Rogers kept his phone out on desk during classes, thus hatching their plan to get Mr. Rogers and Peter’s dad to meet. MJ talked and talked, drawing Mr. Rogers’ attention away from the desk. Peter edged his backpack over the phone, trying to be as inconspicuous as possible as he pushed the phone into an unzipped pocket.
“There is a garden party in the West Garden this afternoon,” Sam explained. “You and the Prince are the guests of honor. I should get you back now, so you can prepare.”
“Let’s go,” Steve said. He wasn’t really dressed appropriately as Prince Brock, but he jumped at the chance to at least see the palace without the formality.
She would have found and removed the cricket on her own, thank you very much, and didn’t need Steve.
Jan, who had been stabbing a roll with her fork, looked expectantly at Tony and Steve as Steve got up from the table.
“Who left you here all alone?” Steve asked again, his face unwrinkled and untouched by time. Tony ached just looking at him like this, his feelings deeply complicated.
“Huh, my coaches trained me out of most of it.”
Peter continued, “Kitty’s okay. But now have a mess on our hands.” He had pulled his mask over his face, but was still in a t-shirt and jeans.
“No.” Peter sighed. “I don’t even have a list of people.”
Maybe he should text Tony and suggest that they met up in the bedroom. Fucking Tony into the mattress seemed to be a far better option than anything Steve had at the moment.
Maybe Mr. Steve wasn’t the right one for his dad after all. He’d have to start over his project to find his dad the perfect person. His dad deserved a good person. But Peter didn’t have a lot of time. He’d have to get on it as soon as he could or after he finished his monster English paper. He probably needed to work on that.
Peter felt like shit he’d even tried to get them together if this was the result.
“I would love to see the stables,” Steve replied.
“Only the best for my hubby. Fair warning, Rhodey and Missus Pym will be disappointed we didn’t have a wedding in Timely, so get ready for another one.”
Steve.
Tony sighed when he saw the narrow bed wedged against a wall. Cap opened the two cabinets near a wash basin and stove. “Nothing in the cabinets,” he reported.
“That’s not a good sound,” Tony said, breaking the spell.
Jan turned fifteen different shades of red and said in one breath, “Bruce-knows-about-the-gas-he’ll-be-in-his-lab-when-you’re-um-done-here. BYE.” Peter and Jan fled the room.
Tony could see the gears clicking in Steve’s head. Then Steve smiled his brightest, happiest smile and said, “Sure. I’ll clear my calendar. What time is it now?”
Tony should have never agreed to this extremely top secret mission on the border of FInland and Sweden. But the Army needed his expertise in mapping and traveling through dangerous areas. They gave him the best protection they could offer, Captain America himself.
Steve could really do without the supersensitive hearing some of the time. Tony sidled up to him. “Look, it might be easier to take you out on a date before sticking my tongue down your throat. But in my defense, I thought we were under a love potion.”
“Connoisseurship,” Steve sneered under his breath to Tony as they watched the evaluators walk around the table and easels.
“Tuesday? Hmmm – I probably have something scheduled that day.”
He matched her toe to toe when they argued. They read each other’s mind when they fought in battle. And he had a dazzling smile and amazing shoulders.
Tony silently groaned. Any other time he’d be super happy to see Steve but right now, he just was not up for Captain Cheerful and Handsome. Tony was dirty, tired, and less than his usual dazzling self.
Steve stepped backward and heard the sickening crunch of the mask underneath his uniform boot.
Peter panicked. All he could do was sneak over to the bench, glad that his dad was stuck to his phone like wallpaper to a wall. He squatted down as best he could behind the bench, where Tony really wasn’t going to see him, to snag the frisbee out of his backpack. Once he slid the frisbee out of the pocket, he put the frisbee on top of the bag and snuck back to his hiding place.
“Oh, Sharon was just getting off work.”
All Tony ever wanted was a promposal.
Peter again said,
“Jan,” Ororo warned.
“The watercolor shows the same traits you claim are present in the other authenticated --”
But here was Steve, right next to him on a snowy morning in New York, and he was going to Officially Move In today. He’d loved Steve forever, since Steve opened his eyes in that sub a few years ago. He couldn’t possibly name anyone he’d want to marry more than his Avengers co-leader – they had saved each other’s lives too many times to count, they finished each other’s sentences, he could practically read Steve’s mind by now.
Tony absolutely hated the little thrill he got from Cap’s breath on his neck and the weight of his arm on his waist. He ignored it as best he could. He tried counting sheep, counting backwards by primes, solving calculus equations, anything to fall asleep.
Back at their table, Tony realized that Brian and Loki barely tolerated each other if they weren’t dancing and Jan was looking through her phone because Thor was on the other side of the room with Fandral and Sif.
Besides nursing his massive crush on Tony and dodging the suspicions of Fury who turned out to be Howard’s spymaster, Steve had done fairly well at pretending to be Brock over the past month. At times he could almost forget he was there as a spy.
Not that Tony would be opposed to that if it was a possibility now that Hank mentioned it. But Steve didn’t date.
“Is that an alarm?” Steve asked, going straight to serious, Captain America mode.
Except that Steve did not want to leave. Or turn down Tony. Granted, Tony becoming a black cat unexpectedly was not the optimal situation. On the other hand, Steve had been told Tony was the worst of all possible princes, when he was clearly the opposite in nearly thing that counted -- brilliant, funny, dedicated, motivated. All the qualities that Steve admired and preferred in a potential husband. He’d always enjoyed spending time with the palace engineers back at the Triskelion and Tony could be
No, he should go back to Triskelion and try to save his ma and Bucky’s lives. He owed them that. He could probably talk Tony into giving him a sword, armor and money for travel.
Then once Steve turned away, happy and content, Tony would have an immediate and long-lasting panic attack over how he could possibly go on a date with the man of his dreams.
Tony snorted. “We’ve known since you arrived. Fury knew right away and everyone else just guessed. Except Obadiah -- we need to keep you a secret for now, even if he doesn’t like you. He was the one who set up the marriage.”
“You don’t have to do that -- I told you. It’s all a smoke screen to poke at you and run secret experiments.”
“The new quinjet redesign?”
He studiously ignored whatever Peter and Jan were intently discussing.
“Howard doesn’t approve of this match, does he?” Steve replied. “I don’t see the advantages for Malibu given that Triskelion does not offer what this country doesn’t already have now.”
Guess this is what happens when you’re old before your time, Tony thought. Was he ever as young as everyone else here? Even in the days before the arc reactor?
Tony narrowed his eyes. “Isn’t that your call?”
“I love a man in uniform.”
~~~~~
Tony nodded sagely. “Yes, it’s all in the way that you see it.” He was silent for a few minutes. “Okay, let’s call it a night. We’ll inform Reed and SHIELD about AIM’s fascinating new business plans in the morning. I’ll call in Damage Control to fix the labs. So, cutting everyone loose. Shoo. Go. Except Steve.”
“Of course that’s what you meant. Why would I think differently?” Tony snapped. It was only the thirty-first time Steve had said that.
“Damn,” Tony hissed. “I asked Jan and Peter to be careful with those crates. We have no idea what’s in them.” He scrambled for his phone. “Security, yeah, evacuate everyone out of the building. Now. Code Red.”
Suddenly Tony crowded him up against the conference table wall, his fingers tugging on Steve’s chain mail. Steve could almost taste his lips, Tony was that close to him. A nervous laugh escaped from Steve’s throat before he could strangle it down.
Tony tried altering the events of the day in case one of those events was causing the time loop. Didn’t matter. He changed how he made coffee and the machine still broke. He broke it fifteen different ways. Sam texted him the Ultron report or talked to him about it at the datacrux or found him in the workshop.
They had been a collective disappointment, made worse when Howard pushed a chosen one in her direction, desperate for Natasha to be the model daughter he’d hoped for. Natasha might have been born with Maria’s manners and sensitivity, but she was Howard’s daughter in the ways that really counted.
She sat down next to Peter on the deck. He was watching his Dad, Steve and Sam play volleyball against Rhodey, Carol and Pepper. “We did good,” she said, clinking her soda bottle to his. “Touch and go, but it worked out.”
Steve’s friend Star, to be precise.
“Sure.”
“Nope.”
“You want to come in?” Peter said.
Was he though? Peter went away to an Academic Decathlon competition last spring, and when he got back home, the apartment was full of coffee cups and takeaway boxes and Tony hadn’t been up for air in days.
He cared about Steve way too much to try to rush through the whole scene. Steve had obviously planned it out, having even written a script so he wouldn’t lose his way when talking to Tony. So Tony had to let Steve play it out from beginning to end.
“Do you usually meet people through a publicist?” Steve asked. “Is that the only way you go on a date?”
Sam hemmed and hawed.
By the time Peter emerged from his room with the phone, Tony and Mr. Rogers were having some sort of staring contest at the front door. “I guess they’ll let people just teach anything these days,” Tony snapped.
“It’s Tony, um --”
The two tsums ventured carefully through the gate of the temple. The grey walls covered with vines loomed above them. “Wait,” Tony said. “There could be traps.”
“Steve didn’t get them this morning,” Jan sort-of explained as she exchanged looks with Peter and Ororo.
One cold afternoon, a black Audi pulled up to the curb as Peter and Ned got out of school.
“Let’s get cleaned up and go now.”
Everything was wonderfully organized and well-run. Steve picked up the hint that he was not expected to take over the management of the place. Queen Maria had installed a dedicated team of staff who managed the palace.
“On a break -- Jane’s reconsidering if it’s a good idea to date a superhero.” Jan frowned. “Plus I don’t think Thor likes Hank right now.”
He wasn’t much different either from Obadiah. If he made it past the wedding, he knew that Alexander would come calling for favors from Steve. He still had Steve’s ma in his clutches.
“You don’t need the jacket,” Steve pointed out.
“And we were about to go for it on a conference room table under the flimsiest of excuses.”
“They’re both being big asses. Look, I’m not promising we’re going to get them together. This is also a long haul project. But it definitely won’t happen if we don’t try. So you’re either in or you’re not.” She drank more of her coffee and muttered to herself, “I can’t believe I’m doing this and conspiring with a 17 year old.”
Peter didn’t want to leave -- he wanted to know what happened next. But one pointed look from Tony sent him scrambling to pack an overnight bag and go down to the lobby to wait for Happy.
“I call him Steve, you call him Mr. Rogers. ”
“What’s the question?” Mr. Rogers asked.
The book was solid in Steve’s hands, he could feel the warmth of the room, he could hear the slight whirr of the HVAC in the walls. Steve took a deep breath, trying to center himself, force himself to live in the moment, draw on his deep well of patience.
Uncle Rhodey delivered as promised. Peter was undercover at the gallery since he didn’t want his dad to suspect anything. As far Tony knew, Peter was staying over at Ned’s, studying for a big test.
“I didn’t say New York City, I could be from Jersey.”
No fun? People had been throwing themselves at Steve all night long. And he missed Tony?
~~~~~
This had not gone as well as possible. “We have cookies,” Peter blurted out when he handed over the phone to Mr. Rogers. “If you need a snack or something.”
“What, Dad?” Peter asked, his stomach sinking.
“Oh, okay,” Steve said. His whole body collapsed in on itself, like a building imploding. He gave a tight nod. “Maybe this wasn’t --”
“Inert gas,” Bruce declared. He waved a printout at Tony. “Engineered to turn into colors when exposed to oxygen.”
And Peter had noticed that Tony had a faraway, sad look on his face when Peter talked about going to college. The idea of his dad being lonely and missing people gnawed at Peter. Recently his dad was making far too many jokes about visiting Peter at college on the weekends and Peter didn’t want his dad moving into his dorm room.
“Oh? Red Skull?”
“I had similar thoughts,” Steve said. He finally got his hand on Tony’s tantalizing body to pull him close.
“Um, Tony?” Steve asked.
“This is Mr. Stark -- he’s Peter’s father.”
~~~~~
Tony had jumped to his feet, brushing the spilt coffee off his pants. “Your dog?”
Steve nodded. He was suddenly very tired and worn and eager to be alone. The travel had been easy, but he hadn’t sleep well since he left Triskelion.
Steve turned to look at Tony, who was definitely not looking out the window. Tony giggled again. Steve reached out and twisted Tony’s tie in his gloved hand, pulling Tony close to him. He could feel Tony’s heated breath on his face.
It was General Phillips who recruited him for the mission -- they talked about it on the way to a dinner at the officers’ club, driven by Phillips’ chauffeur, Rogers. Philipps was persuasive, Rogers gorgeous, the meal decent. Easy to say yes back in London, clearly a stupid idea in the field.
“40% of the building is clear. We can’t afford a pheromone gas in the system.”
“Ah, roommate, had no idea. Friends are good,” Tony stammered out. “So Rogers here talks about my son?”
“I hope that I didn’t overstep.”
“Please, this way, we have refreshments since the journey from Triskelion is long.”
He’s known Tony since they were both in their early twenties and, ten years later, they were more than friends. Tony said that they had a lifetime ahead of them.
He owed Uncle Rhodey big time.
That made sense. Steve would understand, they were best friends and co-leaders of the Avengers.
“Tell me you’re not going to lock him in a closet with someone,” MJ said as she put her cafeteria tray down next to Peter’s.
Tony took a dimmer view of the couple of phone numbers written on Steve’s bicep.
“What’s your favorite movie, Steve?”
Steve might have, might not have. There was so much to catch up on after eighty years. At the beginning, Tony joked that Steve had more in common with thirteen year olds than people in their 20s since he was starting from the beginning.
“It’s just dinner and a comedy show, right? What could go wrong? At least I’ll get out of the house for once.”
“You like Carol, Dad.”
They sat drinking the snow water, watching the fire flicker in the stove grate. “Does it matter?” Cap asked.
“Clint is fine,” Steve said, his voice chilly. Clearly, Clint was not in for a good time later during mission debrief. “Why don’t you join us down on the dance floor?”
Tony sign exasperatedly. “When I say they’re trash, I mean fun trash. When Rogers says they’re trash, he’s being judgy and snobby. I have no idea why your school hires complete downers for your teachers.”
“Here you go, Cap,” Tony said cheerfully. On the coffee table in front of Steve, he set down a plate of takeout sandwiches from the restaurant around the corner from the Tower, Steve’s current favorite place to eat.
All through the winter, Tony had planned out this adventure. He huddled with Rogers over antique maps and rare books, sleuthing out the handful of references to the Lost Temple. Rogers noted and indexed all their finds, flying around Tony’s library grabbing new books and checking facts.
“You just don’t want them to know that you didn’t tell them the truth that you didn’t want to fight the Wrecking Crew in a blizzard.”
“Ha.” Cap snorted. “I know someone who’s already first in line for that.”
Steve kissed the top of his head. “How about next week?”
“Stories are often wrong, as I have learned about your own Prince Tony.”
“Well, now that we know it’s the Wrecking Crew –”
“Oh, wait, Peter -- do you have Rogers’ phone?” Tony asked with a perplexed look on his face.
“Ants told me too. Ants can be perceptive -- my recent research details communication styles -- let me tell you about my recent data --”
“Sure.”
“Thanks for coming to Avengers Tower,” Tony said to the gathered crowd.
“Steve, um, just Steve. Palace guard.”
At least that’s what it felt like. Obviously, his dad felt he’d messed up something. Peter sat mesmerized as Mr. Steve gracefully got up from the table and walked over to Tony, all business.
“Gee, thanks, now I can look at all the Americans born on that date to find out who you really are.”
They rushed to the King’s apartment just in time to stop Howard from eating Obadiah’s tainted fruit. Then, Steve stood guard awkwardly outside Howard’s rooms as Tony explained to the Queen, Fury, Rhodey, and Natasha what he and Steve had discovered.
He was convinced that Howard was fostering a viper in his home. He felt unsettled about that -- he was finding himself worrying about the new people he had made connections with.
“Heard you were in the Army,” she said.
“Me?” Steve said. Tony wanted to talk to him. Hopefully not about what almost happened.
Called in as Tony’s support, Clint was off somewhere negotiating more drinks for the table. “Just some bros out for the night,” Clint joked before leaving.
Cap went around, neatening up the cabin by putting cups away and folding the blankets. “Mission can’t wait,” he said.
“Sorry,” Tony mumbled. “You know, it’s just -- this.” He held up a hunk of something he grabbed form the table.
Fergus said, “I expected nothing less.”
Steve had a slight smile on his face. “There wasn’t any Avengers business, was there?”
Once they were on the sidewalk, Tony realized how early it was. Plenty of night ahead of them. Plans were rapidly forming in his mind.
Peter had clearly missed whatever started the argument. Rhodey and Carol were standing in the kitchen doorway, clearly amused at what was going on.
“Yes, you,” and Steve would squeeze his shoulder with his large warm hand and Tony would nearly choke on the air caught in his throat.
The late summer weather was hot and breezy, and that’s why Tony had stripped off his clothes. They were sharing one bed because that’s all that was available when they arrived and Steve had without question shared a bed with others before. A reason for the ring stumped him.
Hank was supposed to be the problem. Not this open warfare over Steve, of all people.
Peter enlisted Ned in the dog park plan. They arrived at Fort Greene Park with clipboards and tablets and the excuse that they had to do some survey of people who go to dog parks for a class assignment. Natasha had told him to go to a specific park bench.
“Tell me about yourself since we only just met,” Tony teased Steve.
Natasha didn’t reply to Peter’s texts the next day. And in school, Peter noticed that Mr. Steve seemed distracted during Academic Decathlon practice. Out in the hallway, he overheard one of the girls say to another, “Whoever broke Mr. Rogers’ heart is an asshole.”
“He’s -- something special all right.”
“I’m not -- ” But in the end, Tony was never really able to resist Steve for anything. “Fine,” he said, giving up.
“You asked about his inventions?” Rhodey asked Steve.
Someone had dressed up Mr. Steve in a suit coat and light blue shirt, open at the collar. Peter kept losing sight of him in the gathering crowd. He was hiding behind the open bar and could only sneak peaks at times. The bartender, Clint, was a friend of Natasha’s and let Peter crouch at his feet. “I hope this is worth it, kid,” he said.
Curiosity stamped on his face, Tony reached for them with his beautiful fingers, marked with white scars from work. Slightly brushing their fingers together as Steve handed papers over gave Steve a tiny bit of grounding and reassurance.
“I, um, mean --” Steve would rub the back of his neck, mumble a few words that sounded suspiciously like ‘get it together, Rogers,’ then he’d square his shoulders and aim his brightest, sunniest, most optimistic smile right at Tony. “I meant, on a date.”
Steve nodded, dumbfounded that anyone would have heard of that story. People had been forbidden from repeating it back in Triskelion.
Steve took a deep breath. He had to pull it together. If he was scared of a tiny cat, then he wasn’t going to survive until the wedding.
Mr. Steve ran after the dog. “Lucky, stop, not your frisbee.”
He had a good feeling about this mission after all.
Tony groaned. “He’s an ass. Let’s finish dinner.”
“Not today. Carol called it.”
After a testy and exhausting morning with SHIELD, Steve had a free afternoon. Early afternoon shadows gathered in the living room as Steve put a freshly-made hot cup of coffee on the end table. He’d claimed this corner nook in the Avengers living room when they’d restarted the team a couple of years ago. Brown leather chair in a mission style, with a end table just the right size for all of Steve’s papers and a bright light with a mica shade. A magazine rack had shown up shortly after Steve started sitting there.
“No, you’re not imagining it.”
“My phone has been ‘blowing up’ all day,” Steve added miserably.
Steve was itching to get back to Timely. No telling what amount of trouble people were getting up to back home. And he wanted to lay in a supply of wood and coal for Tony before the fall set in and the cost of heating went up. Tony talked about stopping in Virginia City for a couple of days so he could look into tools and hardware that Pym didn’t stock on the regular.
“Maybe,” Tony replied vaguely. Steve didn’t really care what he was going to wear. Tony was still not over the fact that Steve was renting his tux -- he’d gone in for a package deal with Bucky, Sam and Clint.
Winter. Snow. Harsh wind that cut through him like he had no clothes, leaving him shivering in his best wool coat. And that asshole Captain America was barely affected as he dug a path for the both of them towards the cabin they had found.
“We’ll talk to Fury about that -- he, Rhodey and Natasha will come up with a plan. We’ll make it right.”
They worked wonders in the time allotted, and Steve’s old clothes disappeared, never to be seen again. Jarvis had appropriated a more modern jacket, shirt, embroidered waistcoat and breeches from various people in the palace. “Not the best fit,” he said, as he sewed and pinned Steve into his new clothes. “But we do want to make a good impression on the prince.”
Then both of them said “Obadiah” at the same time. Steve ran to the door, but Tony put his hand on his arm. “Wait, what’s your real name?”
The garden party ended on a much better note that it had started since Steve had found some common ground with Tony.
“The air scrubbers in the HVAC -- they should be clearing out the gas. But look --” Tony threw his arm out to point at the multi-colored clouds of gas multiplying in the corridor.
Tony tapped the bed thoughtfully. “I have some favors to cash in for the honeymoon, in that case.”
“Pretty sure I mentioned it.”
“Tony needs to be married, your highness, and a perceived alliance with Triskelion is more beneficial than a true alliance. Who the Triskelion prince is does not matter, if I can be plain.”
Tony just never found a special someone after the accident that took his wife and Peter’s mom’s life.
They both rushed out the door. “Did you get it?” she asked.
“Is he -- a cat right now?” Steve asked.
“Yeah, let’s go,” Tony mumbled. He slunk back to the lobby, dejected and still holding onto the flowers.
Midway though lunch, Tony paused a moment, holding his fork laden with spaghetti as the thought hit him hard.
“But you say that.”
“Carol wants to go on a couples’ date when you’ve figured it out.”
“Huh.” Steve pulled out a chair for Tony. “I think my plans changed for the better.”
“As he should be,” Steve replied. Diplomacy was not his strong suit, so he hoped his bluffing was working.
“What movie are you going to see?” Peter asked.
“Steve?”
~~~~~
“What?” Tony shook his head. He blinked a couple of times. “I don’t --”
“Mr. Steve asking my dad out, not the other way around.” A light went off in Peter’s head. “Wait -- you’ve been plotting something too.”
Steve wriggled back under the covers and the sheets, and propped his arm up on the pillows. “Are you asking me to move in?”
Peter thought about it. Tony was stubborn -- he’d heard Rhodey point that out to him too many times. “I don’t think it’s going to work -- Dad just doesn’t like Mr. Steve for some reason and maybe it’s better to leave things alone.”
“You weren’t a fan at first.”
Tony nodded and sipped from his drink, looking everywhere but Steve. Steve racked his brain for anything else to say. “I am amazed at the number of artists in your land. It must be an encouraging place for them.”
“I gather you weren’t a big art history fan in college,” Tony commented. He sort of remembered his own attempt at an art history class, which involved him often falling asleep during the slides.
“Please, Steve. I’m trying here. Give me a chance,” Tony pleaded.
“Steve? Date? With us?” The words weren’t computing. The idea of Steve on a couple’s date with him and Jan was like imagining waking up and finding gravity didn’t work. Steve didn’t date people. As far as anyone knew.
“I will have Sam show you the galleries in the city -- you might find that interesting.”
Steve set down his coffee mug and joined Tony on the bed. He swung his legs up, and rolled onto his stomach, and smiled at Tony. He kissed Tony’s bicep. “Only you and T’Challa would consider that big news.”
Mr. Steve’s friend walked over. “Steve -- who’s your friend?”
“You should ask your dad,” Mr. Steve replied. Tony appeared at the doorway with two large cups of coffee and the morning paper.
Rogers stopped in his tracks. He looked up at the carvings depicting processions of tsums bringing offerings of food and flowers to the temple. “It’s beautiful,” he said.
~~~~~
“You need to ramp it up, Pete, if you want Tony to date Rogers.”
At that Tony lifted an eyebrow. “I’ll have you know --”
Tony sighed deeply and kept looking out the window. “Just thinking not everything works out, Pete. You should go back to bed.”
“Please sit next to my son, your highness,” Maria said.
Tony gave Sam research projects to check for multidimensional meddling, if the Squadron Supreme were plotting anything awful, if Kang was present anywhere. He trusted Sam and Sam was very very good at whatever Tony threw at him. But nothing.
“I want to go on that date now,” Tony blurted out.
Would they live in the sheriff’s office? Because he wasn’t going to move into the bare cave-like room in which Tony kept a cot for when he couldn’t stand up. Could he afford to buy them a house in town? Steve frowned as he considered the significant lack of funds in his bank account. The salary of a frontier town sheriff did not stretch far. He was a poor choice of husband if he couldn’t keep Tony in the life he had been used to.
He wasn’t alone in this, though. He had Tony to think of.
Second, the rumors about Prince Tony were terrible. Steve had heard his share as he went about his duties for the royal family. Tony was the worst of libertines, constantly hungover from his drunken parties, slovenly in habits and awfully rude to all those around him. Guests to Alexander’s court dropped their voices in a hush when they gossiped about Tony -- how informal he was in dress, that he snuck off constantly to run riot in the town, seducing and deserting the children of the townspeople, and his immense debts and rampant spending. And worst of all, he was the least intelligent of all his royal line, a constant embarrassment to Howard and Maria.
Steve felt an unknown tension unwind from his shoulders. He then had a vision of his new friends heading off to Triskelion to free his mother. Tony would sit on his shoulder, a brave cat ready to battle for his --. Well, he didn’t know what exactly to call what he was to Tony. He had hope .…
“Good morning, sunshine,” Tony greeted him with a stunning, fond smile.
. I thought about doing one of those promposal things and knowing my luck, I’d have to go fight aliens or AIM or HYDRA. And what if you said no?”
Tony’s date actually giggled and batted her eyelashes as Steve turned his smile on her. What the hell? Steve’s date Daphne shot Sara a poisonous look.
Natasha texted him.
As far as Tony could tell, Captain America sprung fully formed from one of the nation’s top labs, like Athena from Zeus’ head. He was enthusiastically optimistic, brash as his costume, and naive. Oh dear god, he was babe-in-the-woods naive.
Her phone beeped as a series of texts, all from Jan. Where are you? You should be here. We need to talk. Are you avoiding us?
Steve hovered briefly in the gap between not wanting to know what happened and needing to know. He finally asked, “What happened?”
Clint had disappeared into the club somewhere and failed to get the drinks to Tony’s table. Tony was left alone with his cell phone for company. He intellectually understood that the team was undercover. Even Peter had a part in the mission and Tony hadn’t spotted wherever he was.
They were outside the restaurant when Mr. Steve called. Tony hung up on him, then immediately called back. A huge yelling fight over cellphones in two different cars ensued and continued from the outside the restaurant to Peter’s apartment through to when Steve showed up at the door, cellphone in hand.
“Where we put the horse manure,” Sam said with a straight face.
“My identity is classified as top secret,” Cap replied cheerfully, though Tony detected an intriguing edge to the cheerfulness.
At the Tower elevators, he punched the going-up button. At this time of day, Steve was likely doing his free weights routine in the Avengers gym.
“Is that what’s on the birth certificate?”
“The main factor is whether or not the Wrecking Crew are having a magically juiced-up week. Weather forecast has more snow. Team is worse for wear because of the party. Odds are that they’ll be out for a couple of hours minimum.
Peter was tasked with cleaning up the kitchen after the adults moved to the living room. Natasha came back. She leaned against the counter as Peter loaded the dishwasher. Natasha looked him straight in the eye, scaring him. “Okay, spill it. All of it.”
He leaned against the pillows on his bed. “I met Tony today. He’s not like what the stories are like.” He patted the bed, trying to lure Star over. Star stayed firmly at the end of the bed, happy to sit curled up and listening to Steve.
Turning away, he asked Sam, “Is it possible for me to meet Prince Tony today?”
“No,” Tony said with a big smile. “It’s Friday now, a few minutes after midnight.”
“That’s good?”
“Right.”
“You better.”
Tony looked irritated at Steve’s appearance. “I don’t know you lived around here.”
Peter grabbed his phone under the table -- he was under strict rules not to text at the table.
Tony was more concerned about the film crew he saw in the background of the video than Steve arguing with an art expert. There had been worse videos, like Clint kicking baby pigeons. That was bad. Even if the baby pigeons were, in fact, aliens in disguise.
“Team! All hands on deck. Evacuate the Tower,” Steve commanded. “Spider-man, met me in the holding lab.”
“It doesn’t matter because Dad’s not interested.”
“We could get married Tuesday at the City Clerk’s office – we get a license on Monday and there’s a 24-hour waiting period.”
Cap tipped his head back and looked up at the rafters of the cabin and the planks of wood that kept the snow off their heads. He then joined Tony on the wooden bed that groaned under their combined weight.
“Sure, kid. Give me a moment. I’m soldering parts here.”
It was better to wait than to ask. That’s how Steve felt. He didn’t want Tony to worry unnecessarily. Not when there were worse things.
“Sure,” Tony said, tongue-tied a bit, letting Steve lead him to the crowded floor.
Someone on the team had talked Steve into wearing a shoulder harness with small wings attached and tight pants that ended just under his hipbones and then doused him in glitter. Tony’s only comment was that he hoped the glitter was biodegradable.
Hazy memories of the night before filtered through Steve’s mind. The guests raucously cheering them when Tony announced the wedding. Someone had loaned Steve his best silk waistcoat, someone else a bowtie, and Gass’s wife had tried her best when she cut his hair. “A man should look good at his own wedding,” she firmly stated.
“You’re finally warming up to me,” Cap said.
Tony morosely walked to his Advanced Physics class. Prom was in a week and Steve didn’t seem to care much beyond meeting Tony at the Stark Tower. Jan, Loki and Tony had a whole day planned for getting ready and Steve was just going to roll up to the tower in his rented tux …
The world’s greatest dad deserved all the best stuff in the world.
Peter had never seen his father desperate like this, like a walking open wound.
“Thank you, Jan. We were doing a favor for a friend,” Steve said.
The pounding pain in his head hit before he dared open his eyes.
Tony did not entirely sigh with relief when Steve informed him what exactly had happened a half hour later.
They both lay there, with Tony the little spoon to Captain America’s big. Even if there was room, Tony wouldn’t have been able to move, given the friction of his wool coat and Captain America’s uniform. At least they were warm even as the fire died down.
Fury silenced Steve with a look. And Steve nodded. As beautiful as this palace was, the opportunities for people to eavesdrop were rife. Steve had already risked too much. Fury stood up and nodded to Steve. “You take my meaning.”
Don’t ask questions you don’t want the answers to.
Steve tamped down his panic. Of course there were paintings of the princes exchanged before the marriage was contracted. Steve was too far down the line of command to have seen Tony’s, but Alexander would have sent a painting of Brock before deciding to send Steve in his place.
That’s not what Tony got.
True to her word, Queen Maria had assigned attendants to Steve. Jarvis and Ana were quick to get Steve into appropriate wear for the Garden party.
“Next week?”
“Same difference.”
Tony put his hand on Steve’s knee. “Come on, let’s go upstairs -- I can’t hug you when you’re sitting in that chair and I’m here.”
“Soon, then,” Steve replied. He could count on his own manners drilled into him by his mother since birth to at least get him through the day.
Mr. Rogers made a strange noise but still stepped into the apartment foyer. Peter went off to his room for the phone, maybe if he took a long time looking for the phone, Dad and Mr. Rogers could talk.
That’s what Steve faintly heard Peter say as Steve woke from his impromptu nap on the couch. He hadn’t meant to fall asleep, but the team had fought AIM all evening and into the early hours of the morning. They’d returned back to the Tower a few hours ago and gone their separate ways.
“Steve,” Tony said, his voice faltering. “I mean, if this isn’t what you were thinking -- I got carried away. You know what it’s like when I get to drinking.” He pulled his hand back, making as if to take the ring off.
“That’s Mr. Stark?” the girl said.
“Has to be a shepherd’s summer shelter,” Tony said. “Is there any firewood? Food?”
If he really wanted to know where Tony was, he could ask the tower AI or call Bambi.
“Attack from MODOK,” Bruce said as he stood up straight.
“I remember a zipper hidden here.”
“Thank you, Peter,” Mr. Rogers said tightly. “Thanks for the phone. See you at school tomorrow.” He left.
“Let’s check it out,” Tony said.
Tony pondered ordering another round of drinks and several orders of nachos. Food made things better and Steve did eat a lot. At least Hank was making an effort to be attentive to Jan and be on his best behavior.
Steve paused before opening the stairwell door to the next floor. Had Tony make some sort of pass at Steve? Was that a joke? Or a line?
“The rock Hulk brought from Central Park?”
“I’m sure you do,” Daphne said. “I’m friends with some of the stage crew so I’ve heard a
A few fakes had been thrown into the mix as well as the questioned watercolor. The production company had an additional five pieces that they hoped to confirm as Steve’s.
In the morning, he woke to find Cap already stoking the fire. “Snow’s finished,” Cap said as he handed a cup of water to Tony. “Need a few minutes to wake up before tackling the jeep?”
Steve gave him a goofy smile that always made Tony’s heart do a little flip.
He could already feel the sickening crunch of his body and fragile skull against the pavement. Though it was his fault for dashing into the street, right in front of a garbage truck. On purpose.
Maybe Steve took an extra second or two to watch Tony rush off. Tony was still in the slim black suit he’d changed into when he returned to the Tower. Steve would have been happier if Tony was in the armor. But Steve had to change into his own uniform.
He wasn’t really that adorable, in all honesty, when he got all angry and stubborn and ranty. Except when he wrinkled his nose in a way that softened Natasha’s heart. Damn, she loved teasing him when he got all stubborn and bullheaded.
Tony laughed. Cap stood up, hands on his waist, looking through the dark cabin. He walked over to rummage through a couple of storage chests near the cabinets. Tony put more wood on the fire, leaving a few logs for the morning. Cap handed over two blankets.
So Tony turned over Steve’s question in his mind, considered all the other possible meanings of Steve’s very straightforward answer until he could only find one meaning and finally replied with all the seriousness and weight that such a comment deserved. “Sure, sounds good. What time?”
Tony and Steve had matching cumberbunds in red but Tony didn’t know the color of the boutonniere. Tony turned back to the mirror and pushed stray hairs back into place. He looked fabulous -- he knew it.
Peter slung his backpack off and set it on the floor. He sat down. Mr. Steve was in the clothes he wore to the Academic Decathlon comp yesterday. “Where’s Dad?”
“There’s more wood.”
“What are you working on?” Ned asked MJ.
The cricket chirped. “It’s driving me up the wall,” Natasha complained to Steve. “I’ve tried everything.”
Steve grinned as innocently as he could. He’d had to bite his tongue before replying that he’d be required to do the same back in Triskelion. He’d picked up that he was being weighed and evaluated by a number of people in the palace, Sam and Natasha were just the frontline spies.
“I’m sure it will blow over, Steve,” Tony said. He hoped it would blow over soon because a righteously angry Steve was a dangerous Steve, and Tony didn’t want to be roped into picking up trash in Central Park again. Last time had been … an interesting experience.
“You look different from your painting,” Tony said immediately.
Tony poked at Steve’s collarbone, then ran his clever fingers down Steve’s chest. And Steve just let him. He watched in fascination as Tony flicked the zipper tag and then unzipped Steve’s uniform top. “You know what?”
There had been a time when Tony would have given anything to forget Steve because of the pain and the loss and knowing he’d never ever talk to him again. Then Tony had. Five years of losing all his friends, his team, his company, all that he’d ever built and earned. Left to rot in the ruins of a family estate. Life had beaten him down, and Steve and all that he meant slipped away from Tony.
“Is that Rogers at the door?” Tony shouted from the kitchen.
But he couldn’t shake that vague sense of having something less than his friends. Like when Brian showed up looking like he was just off the runway and out of the spa. Thor was especially regal when he came. Jan dashed around taking pictures of all of them.
Steve kissed his cheek. “We don’t have to rush back, you know. We can take our time, as long as we pay Gass.”
“Prince Brock of Triskelion, welcome,” Duke Obadiah said. The gathered courtiers bowed as one to Steve.
“Sure about that?”
Tony lowered his clip board. “Rogers?”
Except he hadn’t counted on Steve steadfastly refusing. “No, your majesty, that would be a lie,” Steve had said firmly. “I cannot do it.”
The prospect of sleeping next to a pile of wet leather and experimental chainmail did not excite Tony. But he and Cap were in this together. “We need to share the bed so that we can keep as warm as possible.”
“Make it short, Bruce, and get out,” Tony said, flipping over the sausages.
“Hmm.” Steve wasn’t sure if he was relieved or in a worse position because of the delay. Probably a mixture of both. He glanced up and saw that Fury was appraising him.
He scanned the crowd of gathered nobles and notable citizens of Malibu. “When do I get to meet Prince Tony?”
“I can find one.”
“It’s a palace -- everyone here already knows that the wedding has been delayed and likely for the real reasons.”
“You need to get back out there and get your man.”
“I’m going to be 18, I’m going to college, and my dad needs to get out there and date someone. I don’t want him visiting me every weekend in college. I love him but --”
Mr. Rogers had a sudden twitch on his face. “I’m okay staying here.”
“Just us.”
“Sure. In the morning, I’ll make sure to step over your frozen body out of respect.”
“Right, you were helping Gass and that soldier bring in another barrel of Gass’s high quality homemade hooch. I bought the rings off Shepherd -- he had extra with him he was planning to sell in Las Angeles.”
“What way?”
Tony could hear the touch of amusement in Steve’s voice and wondered if Steve had put up much of a fight about being benched. Probably he did; he didn’t take benching well, even for a good cause.
“We have the rest of our lives to work it out.”
Steve repeated, “I meant, on a date.”
“I might be thinking that,” Steve agreed. He tugged at Tony’s suit jacket and Tony stepped back to peel the jacket off.
“And don’t read the New York Times either,” Jan added. She had gathered up a pile of newspaper sections in front of her at the table.
FRIDAY chimed in, “Captain, it is 10:46 am.”
Tony was always so kind and thoughtful to Steve, an honest-to-god best friend and ally in this future world he’d woken up in. Steve perked up when Tony sat down with his own takeout in the chair next to Steve’s couch. Maybe Tony had the afternoon free? Steve wanted to go to the bookstore to pick up a book he’d ordered, then get some art supplies, and it would be more fun to have someone, specifically Tony, join him on his errands.
“Where’s Bruce?”
Steve stuffed the tie into one of his belt pockets. “Yep. Next room.”
If Tony suggested a movie or a show, Steve prayed it would not be anything with Doctor Who in it. Steve always had a low-grade irritation with it. He told people he didn’t quite know why. But Steve did know. He just didn’t relate to the Doctor -- immortal beings should be different. Thor was, Steve would be.
So much for Tony’s hidey-hole from AIM and the world.
He had tried everything he could think of. Infinity stones? No. AIM weirdness? No. Skrulls? No. Impossible Man? No.
“Good catch, Shellhead,” Steve said.
King Alexander had made it clear to Steve that he needed to marry Prince Tony or else Steve’s mother and friends would be publicly executed in terrible ways. The son of the palace laundress and a palace guard until two weeks ago, Steve had been given a crash course in being a prince. Alexander had no intention of sending his only son Brock to marry Prince Tony of Malibu.
“Don’t spit on that rag and try to clean my face,” Natasha warned, waving the welding torch at Carol. Not that it would stop Carol, but Natasha had some pride.
“He didn’t believe me, Tony. I know what I painted! He wanted me to agree with him. So the owner could sell the piece for thousands of dollars. Because my name was on it.”
“So are supervillain attacks and alien invasions. Have we gone to a single superhero wedding that didn’t get interrupted?”
“It’s no fun without you,” Steve said bluntly.
Peter snuggled back into his bed. Yeah, this is exactly what he’d hoped would happen.
“I thought Prom would be better than the charity galas my parents dragged me to when I was growing up,” Tony confessed.
Seriously, Steve asked him out on a date at least thirty times. Tony had to muster up some semblance of being shocked
By 12:15 pm, they were seated at a window table, with three orders of garlic bread being sent from the kitchen. Steve was wearing a blue shirt that was perfection on him, probably a much better choice than the suit he was likely going to wear on Saturday. Tony was pretty certain he himself was wearing matching socks and clean underwear, but he wouldn’t bet his life on it.
Rhodey put his arm around Carol’s shoulders. “Yeah, that’s the big news.”
“Not long now!” Cap shouted back at him.
“The one near school?”
An explosion threw Steve off a building. Natasha saw a blue, white and red blur cartwheeling through the air. She scooped him up as she sped by. They had done this a thousand times before, nothing extraordinary.
Ororo had created a mini-windstorm around her to keep the gas away. “One of Bruce’s cats found a hole in the wall and got lost. Hulk went to find her.”
“Come on, it’s been a long day for both of us. Let’s just be together tonight and the future can fuck off.”
“It’s fine, Steve. I don’t hold people to promises that they can’t keep.”
Which for Steve meant sitting on the couch with a soda and chips and preparing the post-mission brief. He’d drifted off at some point after typing in “retrieved crates with unlabeled bottles filled with unspecified gas from the back office.”
“So not a love potion,” Tony said.
Rogers appeared on the doorstep of the Marvels office and refused to leave until Tony at least gave him a chance to prove that he should be the next chronicler. And it turned out that the small tsum didn’t have an ounce of quit in him.
“Wait, Mr. Stark!” Rogers shouted as he followed Tony.
Steve looked forward to the future, but was too bound up in the past.
“Sam Wilson -- this guy’s roommate.”
Cap grinned. “Saw something out of the corner of my eye. I’m betting it’s a woodpile.”
“Carol likes Rogers. I like him too. We can overlook that he was in the Army. ”
And suddenly she was afraid that she wouldn’t see that smile again, that this was finally the time that Steve would slip away from her. She kissed him. Natasha Stark kissed Steve Rogers in front of the whole damn world.
“I’m going to have a talk with my publicist,” Tony said as they walked towards Tony’s bar.
“We have lawyers, I want you to know,” Tony said pointedly as he sat up and began to read.
“Okay, good luck.”
“I wonder if I have too many gold sequins,” Jan said.
Tony was the source. He never admitted it or acknowledged it. Tony was also the reason for the other chair across from Steve’s.
He didn’t quite parse what Steve was asking -- “Like date dates? Or friend dates?”
Tony had enough time to put sausages on the outside grill and crank up the stereo to pretend he hadn’t seen them. Like the echoes of the drawbridge slamming into place wouldn’t have given him any warning after the security cameras.
Tony’s phone buzzed.
“Fine,” MJ replied.
It didn’t work in the 30s, it wasn’t going to work now. Steve was a patient man, but he was also a man of action who needed to confront all problems head on.
“You have a plan?” Ned asked.
This had been a terrible idea.
Jan saw the doubt clearly on Tony’s face. “Well, yeah, a third couple would help. Open up the conversation, be less intense for Hank. Is Carol in town?”
“Do you like plays?” Tony asked, concern on his face.
“That’s the problem now?” Steve pointed out.
“What?”
He had loved Steve forever. Forever. And now, he finally had what he wanted. He wanted that damn date on Saturday and Saturday was never coming at this rate.
Tony said, “Steve, would you like to go on a date with me?”
“I didn’t want to leave the Tower to fight the Wrecking Crew,” Steve confessed.
Cap shrugged. “I found some rope -- tie me to the cabin and I wouldn’t get lost.”
Cap got up to gather some snow in a metal pot he’d found. “Water,” he explained.
“25 minutes?” Steve said. “Haven’t tried it recently.”
Steve sighed deeply. Of course. The latest wrinkle in a long line of wrinkles.
They were the first to get to Club A but not the last. Bucky arrived with the Guardians and they played for the gathering students. The robots kept the pizzas, wings and burgers coming. Jan, now in a minidress flitted about taking selfies with everyone. Thor was enthusiastically hugging Loki.
“We have enough for about five hours of fire,” Tony said, expertly calculating the amount. “The storm will hopefully be down to a dull roar in the morning.”
He caught sight of Pepper’s red hair in the crowd. So that’s how Uncle Rhodey got his dad to come.
Not that he was jealous. But seriously, he could easily come up with methods to ruin the people who dared to marr Steve’s perfection with digits in a couple of a minutes. Seconds, make that seconds.
Maybe he gave up too easily. He texted Natasha.
“You’re going to the hospital now.”
“I’ve heard that before, kid,” Tony said. “Tell me if you haven’t read it.”
Thor said he was not immortal. He would say that and give Steve a knowing look.
“We’ve met before.”
He wanted this so much that he would have bailed on Steve’s original date.
“Stories can also be true,” Fury countered.
“Weaponized?”
What would he say to Steve about the last five years if they met again? He snorted. Like he’d ever sit next to Steve again to talk mission details over cups of coffee.
“I don’t know,” Peter said for the fifth time. He’d already told them the whole story from the restaurant to the apartment.
Steve heaved a sigh. So much for thinking he’d ever had any chance at keeping his secret. “Is there a doctor you can trust?”
“Still gets cold here in the summer,” he continued. “Might be a woodpile not far off.”
“Oh, turn that frown upside down. Come on, get your glitter,” Jan teased him.
“What’s that place?” Steve asked.
“I could love living here,” Steve said to the cat. “Howard did not come to the garden party or to dinner, but I was told that he keeps to himself these days. He’ll be there for the wedding.”
“Wow, we haven’t even hung up your medals and had a fight over your hideous chair –”
Steve opened to reveal a man about his age in Malibu palace guard armor.
But the taunts cut into Tony. He had been cool once, he would have owned this club years ago, when he had more money than respect and self love. But now his days were Avengers business, work, more work, even more work, bills, and a persistent ache in his elbow when it rained.
Tony poked at Steve’s shoulder. “Weaponized love potion. Let’s go see Bruce.”
“Saturday, 10 am. Pack a frisbee.”
~~~~~
Tony smiled. “The Lost Temple of the Tsums,” he announced.
“This is interesting,” Tony said.
Tony was the ghost, not Steve, captured in beautiful monuments at the peak of his strength.
Steve drew a shaky breath and reached for the SHIELD printouts.
“Self-taught, actually. It’s not something the court would approve.” Steve felt more confident talking about things he knew and experienced. He had to hide his drawings from all except his ma and Bucky. Alexander did not support the country’s artisans.
.” She put a possessive hand on Steve’s arm as she smiled at Sara. Steve looked at Tony as Tony swallowed a big gulp of water.
Now they were here. Tony adjusted his hat, steadied his machete, and gave a wink to Rogers as he tore through the last of the vines.
After class, when all the students were streaming out into the quad, Thor showered rainbows, glitter and flower petals all over Jan before asking her out with all their friends applauding. Jan was now on her sixth dress design.
Steve brought Tony a slice of cheesecake. “Last slice left,” he said. “I beat Carol to it.”
Then Tony put a hand on Steve’s arm and Steve saw that Tony had a plain gold ring on his hand also.
Tony fished for his pants with his foot. Steve grabbed his shoulder. “Stark, I’m a man of my word. I said I’d marry you and vowed to be your husband. I’m not walking away from that.”
Tony brushed against him as they walked through an office door. He turned to look at Steve. Suddenly Tony’s face was very close to Steve’s and Steve’s heart skipped a beat. Tony
Tony’s heart flipped. “You’re one of the most unromantic people I have ever met. We can order takeout and eat while we make space for you and your toothbrush in the bathroom.”
“Someone will be here to check on you soon,” Nat said as she walked to the door.
He hadn’t thought about Steve in over a year. Tony had finally managed to stuff all he thought about Steve down, everything that had ever passed between them, and the memory of Steve’s death into a spot in his brain. He locked up all the feelings and thoughts and memories and all the pain and threw away the key.
He was interrupted by a knock at the door. “Your highness?”
“I have ideas already – you won’t regret it. We’re still going to L’Artusi for Valentine’s, right?”
“Tony?”
The teacher in question appeared right at that moment at the cafeteria door, looking like he’d walked right off a movie set. Peter really liked Mr. Rogers, who told interesting stories of his time in the army and how he went back to art school. At least a half dozen of Peter’s classmates had huge crushes on Rogers. Mr. Rogers was kind, patient and rather demanding for an art teacher at a tech high school, plus he was on the old side. Just like Tony.
Tony rubbed the sleep out of his eyes, vaguely aware of the Avengers alarm going off. Usually he’d be off like a shot heading for the armor, Steve’s voice in his ear relaying mission information. Instead, he saw Steve standing shirtless in his workout pants, coffee mug in one hand, watching the snow dance outside the Tower windows.
“Steve was talking about him last night at dinner.”
Damn, how much he loved Tony.
Steve did a double-take. “You invent things?”
“Um, Jan, I don’t think they wanted to be found,” Peter replied.
“Leave that to me.”
The next day, Peter arrived early for Academic Decathlon practice in the school auditorium. Mr. Steve -- he couldn’t quite shake calling Mr. Rogers Mr. Steve -- was working with the new students. Peter sat in the back, looking through his physics homework, half paying attention to the activity in the room. Mr. Steve was walking the new students through practice making speeches.
He asked, “Why? As far as I can tell, you and I still have all our limbs attached, no concussions, no body swapping …. Unless there’s a surprise you’re about to spring on me. Like a visit from our clones or something.”
The first thing Tony did after getting a long hot shower and proper haircut was to dispatch one of Hill’s agents to retrieve his last deeply hidden secret from a Swiss bank vault.
“Loki dropping his soda on Brian.”
Steve slowly collapsed inside. He’d gotten too comfortable, his own trusting nature betraying him, and maybe his crush on Tony showed too much.
Steve felt the tension loosen in his back and stomach. He believed in Tony and he wasn’t about to stop.
“Hey, thanks, Mr. Rogers, it all makes a lot of sense now,” MJ said.
Rhodey chuckled. “It’s pretty obvious what’s going on. To everyone but Tony. I think Rogers knows too at this point.”
“I’ll be glad to,” Steve agreed.
“Tony --”
“We need to do something,” Ana said in a low voice to Jarvis. “Brock is too handsome to be let out like
“We’re never getting any of that out of the rugs in the tower,” Tony grumped.
Steve still asked him out. He asked Tony out after Tony broke the coffee machine, at the datacrux, in the Tower elevator after a workout. He even asked Tony as Tony was checking Sam’s Ultron report as they walked back to the Tower from the Espresso Express after getting coffee because Tony broke the kitchen coffee machine. Tony was impressed with the efficiency of that particular time loop.
