"I can imagine," Lara said. "But can you do something for him.
After going on a drinking binge, Tony drunkenly wandered off and was eventually found by S.H.I.E.L.D. and returned to the Avengers. Now it's time to talk about what happened.
she thought.
As the Church's priest or Grand Wizard or whatever they referred to their leader as spoke, the members looked to him with rapt attention. Lara wasn't sure, but it sounded like he was quoting Acts of Apostles. Looking around, Lara could see that several civilians had stopped to gawk at the bizarre gathering, but it didn't look like Cabe or anyone else from security had been alerted yet.
"I didn't like the looks of things," the man said. "People were starting to get crazy and all the booze wasn't helping. I saw them crack open three kegs while we were in there and I swear to God there were five more in back." Tony stopped in his tracks the moment he heard the word "booze." He turned and rushed to follow them up to the stairs.
Alright, this is the last chapter I have for a while. I'm sorry I couldn't get more done.
(See the end of the chapter for
By the time Tony got there, police cars had already shown up, however, it didn't seem like the cops had managed to connect the dots as he did. Only two patrol cars had shown up at this point and it looked like they were more concerned with interviewing the aggravated beachgoers than doing anything to contain the suspect. JARVIS's facial recognition systems quickly identified Knežević. He was sitting by himself on the edge of a stone jetty. He seemed to be perfectly content even though waves were flying up and drenching him about every ten seconds. That did make Tony nervous, though. He had to remind himself that he was in the suit – which was waterproof – and had no immediate way of drowning. (If the suit's emergency air supply failed and he was at the bottom of the ocean, he'd be screwed, but he tried not to think about that.)
Slamming the bottle on the ground, Tony threw his head into his hands. He needed booze now. It couldn't wait. Knowing that the only way he was going to get any was by leaving, Tony stood up and flipped the bathroom light off.
"What did you do?" Carol put her hands on Jessica's shoulders and inspected her face for signs of injury. "Where's Fury?"
"I don't know."
Stepping into the penthouse's living room, he could see Pepper intently studying the holographic screen in front of her. The screen showed a virtual schematic of the entire tower along with various readings on the building's power and energy status.
"Okay," Freeman held up his hands in a reassuring gesture. "I understand. No judgment, no pressure, but you know you're not going to be able to hide that from the public forever, right?"
"There are extra linens in that cabinet, right?" Natasha asked.
Bruce had returned from S.H.I.E.L.D. early on Monday morning. He had managed to get some in the accommodations they had provided, but he had been glad to hear that he could return to the Tower and planned on getting some rest in his own bed (and yes, that still felt weird to say) as soon as he got back.
"What's wrong, Clint?" Clint sighed and tried to sit down on the mattress. He had forgotten that he had slid it half-off the bedframe and slumped straight down to a spot on the floor. Undeterred, he just made himself comfortable where he landed.
"Of course, I'm sure," she said. "I married him." She almost flinched as the officer reached out to put what was probably intended to be a comforting hand on her shoulder.
"And this is absolutely necessary?" Pepper looked shocked that he'd even ask that.
"It's the original copy of my report," she said. "I told you I would get it for you."
"No," Tony assured. "It won't be a problem at all, ma'am." The producer eyed him skeptically but nodded.
." Steve said. "Just because you look like you're about to cry and I feel like it…" Tony laughed.
Hoping to distract himself, Steve tried observing what the others were doing. Pepper was quite a way into a well-loved copy of
"Mr. Freeman," Pepper said. "What are you doing here?"
"$100."
"Oh, trust me, I'd love that," he said. "But I'm just glad I could help in some way, even if that way was
"Well, I'm not sure what there is to be happy about," Bruce said. "I mean, there's still the threat of the Other Guy going on a rampage through the city if I so much as stub my toe."
"That's still a little much and you know it," Clint said. "Don't get me wrong, she deserved every bit of that, but that doesn't mean it was the
"And after that?"
"Don't worry, she won't." Bergeron held his hand out to Duran. "It was a pleasure working with you, ma'am." Duran gave a cordial smile and grasped the offered hand firmly.
"He kept calling her while you were missing," Barton explained. "I threatened to kill him if he called her again and that must have scared him because I don't think he has."
"Loki," Clint said. "Did he get away?"
"We were raised together," Thor called out. So, pity then. "We played together, we fought together. Do you remember none of that?"
"Uh, that's
"Like me, and Happy, and…" Just like that, Rhodey was out of people, causing him to frown again. "You know, it doesn't matter the amount of people," he quickly saved. "What matters is the impact you have on them, and personally, you've had a huge impact on me." Tony's eyebrows raised in surprise.
"Freeman got in front of the press and tried to defame you and the other Avengers," she said. "I got him offstage before he could do anything irreparable, but I think it's safe to say we still took a hit."
"What about Captain Rogers?" Everhart asked. "Did he have any expectations of you?"
"Yes, but for the most part, it's not about you," Pepper explained. "Most of what was brought up was old news – nothing that hadn't already been beaten to death. They lost interest in that fast. They're mostly focused on the interview itself and the tactics the reporter used to get around her superiors." Meaning she got underneath them to get around them. The one thing the media seemed to like more than vilifying him was talking about other people's sex lives. The only thing they liked more than that, was talking about
"Yeah," Tony said. "So would I."
"Is he alright to see people?" Steve asked, trying not to sound desperate. You had to cut him some slack, though. When someone announces they're dying, people tend to assume the worst. Luckily for Steve, Pepper nodded.
"And you're certain it was the Red Skull's plane?"
"Mr. Flenderson, Miss Watts, would you mind if we finished this another time?" Both were agreeable and headed out the door, which Happy shut behind them. Lara quickly pushed her laptop over to Pepper.
Although they would be staying on separate sides of the building (apparently, being an Avenger afforded Bruce a "VIP Luxury" room. He tried to offer to trade rooms with Betty as it at least sounded a bit more comfortable than the normal S.H.I.E.L.D. fare, but she declined.) Bruce still felt it necessary to walk her to her room. You know, chivalry and all of that. As they walked, they predictably landed back on the topic of Lara. Which was fine for Bruce, but he still couldn't help but feel weird about talking about her with his ex-girlfriend. Mostly because he shouldn't feel weird because Lara was only his
. Not only did she probably have the reign it in for the major network, but Tony also already had a less-than-stellar relationship with the company since the botched Stark Tower interview. They probably asked her to take it easy on him, not wanting a repeat of that incident. Tony didn't mind. If the reporter did what she was supposed to, he didn't see the interview going too bad, even with their history.
"Whatever," she said. "I'm just here feeling guilty about the fact that I didn't stay with Pepper and all that time I spent not sleeping could have been spent keeping an eye on Freeman."
Steve knew better than to say that caveat out loud. He did not need to make it explicit when his previous words held the implication so tightly. Still, he was no less shocked when Tony gave his hand a squeeze.
"You're not going to finish your food?" Steve shrugged.
"I just came to give you your morning wake up call," Lara said. "You know, that's kind of my job."
"You don't eat it," Carol pointed out. "You drink it. Besides, the doctor said you needed to stay hydrated."
Tony turned and sat down at the circular table. He couldn't imagine it would be too much longer. Fury and Steve had been talking for the past forty-five minutes and despite his guilt over the situation, Tony couldn't help but feel a little impatient. Sure, he didn't doubt that this was the real Steve Rogers, but he still wanted to talk to him because… That was a good enough reason, right?
Steve had to be honest, he was struggling with what Tony had decided. Everything inside of Steve was screaming that this was a bad idea and it was going to put Tony in danger. He could not help it. Years of living in a society that incarcerated people – or worse,
They sat in silence for quite a while. No one really wanted to break the silence. For once, it was comfortable. That wasn't something Tony expected sitting at a table with two deadly assassins, the Incredible Hulk, a Norse God, and Captain America – the living legend himself – but the circumstances and working together as a team had changed that. Now, Tony could honestly say that he trusted everyone sitting at this table with his life and that was something he thought he'd never be able to do. It was almost nice.
"Take it," she said. "He's only called me a handful of times so far, but already I'm annoyed beyond all rational comparison."
"It's too late," he managed to get out. "It's too late to stop it." Thor looked at him with eyes full of compassion. That's when the cracks started to form.
"We have the RCMP," Adoniram pointed out.
"Steve and I are in a relationship and we'd rather keep it private from the press." Steve relaxed as he heard how even and straightforward Tony's tone was. Maybe that nap had sobered him up a little bit.
"No," Steve said. "I think I like it? It's just… Very different. A lot of things are. Something I just have to get used to."
"I took care of it," Fury assured right off the bat. "The hospital's releasing you into our custody and will remove you from their records. It'll be like you were never here."
"Understood, sir." Coulson then left to make the call.
"Obviously," Natasha agreed before turning to Bruce. "Dr. Banner."
"It's not too spicy, is it?" he asked.
"That's good," she said. "Just more evidence that he couldn't have left the hotel. That's good." Lara turned back to Bruce. "And you haven't seen him at all? You're sure about that?"
"Yes," Tony said. "Yes, I do." He gave Steve's hand another squeeze, but it was not as hard as before. Steve turned and gave Tony the most reassuring look he could manage. Tony momentarily flashed an appreciative smile, before turning his attention to the rest of the group. "Well, the plan is that I'm going to do out-patient therapy. That way, I can still be Iron Man, work with you guys as part of the Avengers, and do my work for SI. At least, that's what the hope is."
"Sure, you can," Lara said. "You have fifteen questions left. Just try to guess."
"I'm sure," Tony said.
"He's not breathing," he quickly concluded. Thor reached down for the mask, sticking his fingers into the slots where the eye LEDs sat and pulled it effortlessly off Tony's face. Steve brought his ear down to Tony's mouth and nose. He hoped that he was mistaken, but unfortunately, he couldn't hear him breathe. Steve pulled back and weakly set his hand down on the Arc Reactor. He didn't know what to do. He knew CPR, but he couldn't do it while the armor was still covering his chest and if they tried to rip it off, by then Steve worried it'd be too late.
"Never mind that," he said. "Are you saying you can fly?"
Stepping out of the meeting room felt freeing. The air felt fresher in the hallway and most of the pressure left his body. Finally, he had the space to think clearly. At least, that's what the initially thought. Shortly after he stepped outside, he heard the door he just walked through open and close again. Turning around, he saw Happy standing there. Tony sighed.
Although, yes, New York was in ruins, the population managed to survive, save for an unlucky few. Everyone was left in shock in the aftermath. Somehow, the invasion stopped, and the ones who had finished it was deemed, heroes. On every newspaper, news broadcast, and webpage on Earth, the faces of the Avengers could be seen; Bruce Banner, Clint Barton, Thor Odinson, Steve Rogers, Natasha Romanoff, and Tony Stark. To the entire world, they were saints, saviors, messiahs.
"Really?" she questioned. "Are you sure it's not 'Arrogant' or 'Narcissistic' or 'Pain-in-the-Ass?'" Tony's face fell flat.
"But neither of you saw Stark for the rest of the night," Hill asked.
Steve directed his attention back to Tony, who had taken his bleary gaze away from Steve and back to the doctor who was treating him. Oh, this was going to be good.
"Loki's actions will not be taken lightly," Thor assured. "Our father will see to it."
"She's the leading mind in her field," Hill said. "We were hoping her expertise would be useful in potentially identifying what the powder is made of."
"What do you want me to say, Pepper?" Tony asked. "I don't want to do it, but no one else can do it, so I
"JARVIS, can you look into therapists in the area?" Just that question made his chest feel like it was caving in on him. His hand flew under his shirt to the Arc Reactor. Just off touch alone, Tony could tell that everything felt like it was supposed to. Assured that he was physically fine, he turned his attention to just how wrong he felt.
It ended up being more than a moment because at first none of the questions were directed at him. He was pretty sure Romanoff, Steve, and Bruce got the first few questions, but he lost track after that. It wasn't until he heard someone say that they had a question for all of them that he perked up and started paying attention. Standing at the microphone, he saw a little girl – probably no more than eight or nine years old – wearing a silver helmet and carrying a toy version of an awfully familiar hammer. Her question was simple, consisting of only two words.
"Nothing," Clint insisted. "Absolutely nothing."
"Son of a gun." Steve couldn't have erased the smile from his face even if he tried. At that moment, internally, he was thanking everything known to creation for bringing Tony back. However, his gratefulness was quickly overshadowed by concern.
"You're not hurt, though?" Tony shook his head.
"Captain Rogers," the man said. "Glad to see you're awake. I thought you would be asleep longer, given everything you've been through."
The Taco Bell was surprisingly dead for a Wednesday afternoon. Knežević was expecting to see at least one overweight mother ignoring her children as they ran amuck and disturbed the other customers, but that didn't seem to be the case. As far as he could tell, not a single soul was inside that restaurant. He was starting to wonder if the place was abandoned when a young black woman stepped in from the back. Her eyes were heavy, and her posture made it clear that she wanted to be anywhere but there, preferably her bed. She was perfect.
"Hey, yourself," Laura said. "So, how are you really feeling?"
"I was trying to convert a frequency waves into a transmittable signal that my phone could put out." Pepper narrowed her eyes.
It's time for a party, but Tony might not be doing so hot. He's been sneaking alcohol throughout the day and it might be starting to get out of hand...
"What?"
Tony turned back to the screen in front of him. For a moment, his hand hovered over the screen, ready to tap the replay button before he put it back down. Leaning back in his chair, he let himself get lost in thought.
Telemachus sat at the foot of her bed, but he was much more relaxed than he had been on previous nights. Lara was tempted to pull him closer to her to cuddle, but figured he deserved to relax in his own space. Instead, she rolled over onto her side to reach over to the coffee table and check that her phone was charging. At least, that's what she told herself she was doing. She just wanted to read her text messages again.
"Can we not do this now?" Pepper didn't look at Tony. "We're going to be out there in less than one minute and the last thing I need right now is to be upset with you."
"Well, it's not like he kidnapped him," Freeman protested.
"The left-side gauntlet remains fully functional," the AI responded. "But I would not suggest allowing Mr. Knežević to touch you again. Continual conversion of the entirety of the external plating would render the armor completely useless."
"Nose goes!" Within an instant, everyone had a finger on their nose except for a very bewildered looking Carol.
The words were written in careful handwriting with blue ink on a crisp, white envelope. The stamps on it indicated that whoever had wrote the letter had paid for it to be shipped overnight express and the return address indicated they lived in Newark, New Jersey (or at least went to school there.) However, they didn't leave a name along with the address. Curious, Clint flipped it over to open it. That's when he saw the most interesting thing about the letter; the sender had sealed it with a kiss.
Tony did not give so much as a whimper. He remained soundly asleep, much to Rhodey's frustration. Hoping to shock him awake, he went into the kitchen and filled a glass with cold water. Going back over to Tony's side, he poured the contents all over his face. Still, Tony didn't stir. Rhodey frowned, realizing that there might be something more going on here.
Sorry for the short chapter and the fact that it centered on OCs! It can't really be helped, but most of the chapters that I've written so far after this center on at least one of the Avengers, so hopefully that'll make it up to you guys!
"And from my understanding, didn't someone open a letter containing a deadly virus in that kitchen a few days ago?" Tony scoffed.
Anyways, review if you enjoyed! I'm going to figure out how I'm going to get by without Tumblr for the next week or so.
"Well, no, but…"
"Banner, the situation's under control," she reported. "You can let Clint up now." Tony raised an eyebrow.
"You want the last go?" Natasha shook her head.
"It was before I even called to tell you he was missing." Freeman brought his hands up to the top of his bald head.
"You sure?" Tony said. "You didn't look too hot for a second there."
"I don't know…" Tony mumbled to himself. He could feel Steve smoothing over his hair.
"Good," Steve said. "I'm glad." They held each other's gaze for another moment before Clint grabbed their attention by clearing his throat.
"Stark's missing?" Steve resisted the urge to groan. The exasperation and worry were starting to get to him.
"Are you sure that's a good idea?" Tony gave a half-hearted shrug.
"Like what?" Lara went sharply white. That's when Bruce realized he crossed a line. He opened his mouth to apologize, but at that point, the elevator finally chimed, and the doors opened. Lara briskly walked out, and Bruce followed her, careful to keep a comfortable distance.
he thought.
"What?" Tony hesitated a moment.
"He'll be fine," Fury assured. "Just let him rest and keep an eye on him. If you notice any unusual symptoms, take him to the Emergency Room right away and contact us." Natasha nodded.
Given that tomorrow's a big day, the Avengers spend the night helping Tony relax.
Thank you to loverstar for leaving kudos on AO3 and mfaerie32 on FFN for the review! It really means a lot! :)
"Why the basement?" Clint asked. "Wouldn't it be less of a risk for us to stay here?"
"I can't decide if I'm gay or not," Tony finally said. "I mean, I know I'm attracted to girls but…"
Now it wasn't the fact that Tony left that came as a huge shock to him, Steve knew that he had been probably planning that from the start. What came as such a shock was that he had stopped Natasha from stopping Tony. He didn't know what had come over him. Natasha hadn't been in a position where she could get hurt – after all, the lab had a lot of open space, especially towards the garage area where the platform was located. Tony could have easily gone around her – so the only reason he could logically come up with was that he wanted to get her out of Tony's way.
"Good," Pepper said. "All of that is treatable?"
"I want to run something by you," Steve said. "Can you hear me out?" Tony slowly let a breath out through his nose.
Tony walked around the bar a few times, trying to discern the best way of removing the countertop. In the end, he decided to get in front of the bar and tried to pull the countertop forward and down from there. It seemed like the best choice since he had more space in front of the bar to set the countertop down than he did behind it or on either side. That seemed good enough for him. However, what Tony didn't consider that lifting a stone of that weight and unusual shape was a job for two or more able-bodied men. As a result, Tony couldn't manage to distribute his strength properly and ended up dropping the countertop to the ground with a loud
another person. So, when he spotted a young S.H.I.E.L.D. agent stepping off the elevator, he was mentally jumping for joy.
Tony hit the replay button again. He had agreed to leave the surveillance video of himself at the hotel alone. However, he felt that he couldn't get it off his mind. He talked to Steve about it, but his advice hadn't differed much from Rhodey's; leave the video alone and talk to Pepper about it under more calm conditions. Although, Steve did add that he was going to need to have a talk with Romanoff. While yes, all four of them had already seen the video – and Steve was sure to make it clear that they only did so in an effort to locate him while he was missing – he had no idea that she had obtained the video from the hotel, nor that she had sent it to Pepper. Tony figured that had been the case, so really it was a non-issue.
The doctor turned and punched a number into a keypad, causing the double doors to swing open. Inside, the room was divided straight down the middle by a large sheet of vinyl. Each side contained two hospital beds and machines of various purposes. The walls were the same shade of pure white as the hallway, but their retinas were spared the agony of having florescent light bouncing off it. Instead, blacklights shined down from the ceiling and tinged everything a dark shade of blue. Clint frowned as he looked around.
"Crap." Clint swallowed hard. "I'll pay you as soon as we get back, alright?"
"Are you awake now, Sir?" Almost immediately what Tony told JARVIS the day of the robbery came flooding back to him.
"If you choose to talk to the others," Steve said. "I promise that if things get too intense or if you get overwhelmed, we can come back to the bedroom and you won't have to talk or interact with them for the rest of the day. Deal?"
"Yeah," he said. "Better to just get it over with, right?" Steve shrugged.
"I didn't want or need his help, though," Tony said. "Even if I don't have a clue who you're talking about or what happened, I know that much."
"I'm not," Tony agreed. "I know I'm not. At this point, it's just an automatic response." Steve nodded.
"Okay," Steve said as he let the matter drop. "Do you have any mouthwash or toothpaste or anything like that here?"
He sat up and rubbed the sleep from his eyes. He hoped it was Tony coming down to see him. He wasn't sure why, though. Maybe because Tony was the first person he saw? Regardless, Steve knew that likely it wasn't Tony coming down the stairs. That would be too good to be true…
"I've seen worse," Natasha remarked.
"Thor?" Carol questioned.
A silence fell over the room again. Steve didn't hear the person leave, so he felt safe in assuming that the person was still sitting next to him. He tried opening his eyes again, but he couldn't. Then, he heard the person speak up.
"It is what it is," he said. "I can't deny that."
He had to resist the urge to laugh. Of course, it would end like this, so pathetic. His one and the only mistake had been that he had underestimated his "brother's" capacity to "change". In fact, Loki couldn't believe that Thor had really changed. It had to be some sort of trick. There must have been some sort of loophole in the enchantment "father" had placed on the hammer, or maybe that mortal woman his "brother" was so taken with had something to do with it. In the end, it didn't matter. He had lost his rightful place on the throne. His "father" was once again King, Thor was once again Crown Prince, and Loki was once again nothing; just a monster that haunts the dreams of children late into the dark night, completely and utterly pathetic.
"Tony," she started to say, but she was cut off.
"No, she didn't." Tony had to cut her off before she said the words aloud. "If she did, I would be trying to pry ABC from Walt Disney's cold, dead hands just so I could have the honor of firing her myself. She did bring up every other horrible thing that I've done, though. The whole thing was a mess, but I've been assured that she went completely off-script and she will definitely never be on-air again."
to see her. With a brief handshake, Everhart sat in her seat while the producer hustled over to him with a microphone, clipping it to his shirt and handing the main hardware piece of the device over to him to secure to his belt. After a brief test to ensure it was working, the producer stepped out of the way, allowing him to sit down.
"May I ask what this is about?" Pepper asked. The officer didn't seem phased.
"Do you feel like you're going to throw up?" Tony almost shook his head, but thankfully for the sake of his aching skull, he thought better of it.
"…Can't sit here and tell me that this was an honest mistake. The interview, I can believe, but Stark has yet to explain how someone can get past his 'state-of-the-art' security systems and an entire staff of trained security guards without anyone noticing. Hell, they even managed to get access to our security codes…"
"She was on the phone, last I saw," Conroy said. "Just between you and me, I think she's planning on taking over one of those conference rooms downstairs."
"If it's any consolation, I don't think you'll be putting Betty in any danger by being near her." Bruce scoffed at that.
"Good, good," she said. "I'm glad."
"Not yet," Fury then turned towards Tony and gestured over to the woman standing in front of them. "Tony Stark, Commander Maria Hill. Commander Hill, Tony Stark."
"You made this mess," she said. "You get to clean it up."
The room was silent as Natasha, Bruce, and Lara exchanged looks with each other. Nat tried to catch Steve's eye, giving him a questioning look, but he did not lookup. Instead, he put his hand on top of Tony's and rubbed his thumb across the back of it comfortingly. Realizing the weight and seriousness of whatever was going on, she relented.
, Tony thought.
"Yeah," Tony agreed. "It's seen a bit of mileage, and you've got the glow stick of destiny. Would you like a drink?" He gestured over to the bar by the foot of the stairs.
Jumping out of bed, Oswin tried to remember everything she had learned from both Nina and the internet about what to do during a major earthquake.
Things were quiet for a while. Tony felt the need to fill the silence but wasn't sure what to say. Despite that, he still thought it would be a good idea to say something. They said that coma patients could hear everything that happened while they were sleeping and in Steve's case that might be doubly true given that he was showing signs of waking up. So, Tony started talking in hopes that it would rouse the other man from his slumber.
"Hey Nat, how long has it been since you texted Stark?"
It took another few minute for the program to show that Laura was online. When the green dot appeared next to her name, Clint clicked on it to set up the connection. The little wheel spun and spun for what felt like forever until it was replaced with an image of Laura sitting with Lila in her lap and Cooper standing beside them. The kids' faces lit up as soon as they saw him.
"I know," Steve said. "I also know Tony wouldn't want people seeing him like that. God, it was bad…"
After Natasha mouthed to Steve, "he's not going to arrest you," Steve seemed to relax, at least a little bit. Tony still wanted to get up and reassure him, though. Oh, how he hated what he had done to himself, but he knew it was nothing compared to what he had done to Steve.
"Yeah," Natasha said as she stood up. "Good luck with that."
"Yeah," Lara said. "I didn't do horrible in science in high school, but mathematics is definitely more my forte."
that's all we're going to do." Steve took a deep breath. Although admittedly he was at a loss as to what he could do to help Tony as well, he couldn't help but be a little hesitant.
?" Steve rubbed his ears, hoping that it would somehow do something to relieve the pain.
"Please don't tell me you filmed this," Tony – surprisingly enough – plead.
With that, she turned and stormed out of the room. Bruce couldn't blame her for her reaction. He wanted to do the same. The only thing that stopped him was the fact that he couldn't guarantee that he wouldn't turn green if he did so, stopped him. Slowly, he turned to look at Betty.
"How are you doing?" Stark raised an eyebrow.
"I promise," he said.
As soon as he was safely behind the door to Pepper's office, he broke down into a coughing fit that sent him to his knees. Pepper tried to get closer to help him, but he held up a hand for her to keep back. She didn't need to be sick, too. When the coughing finally subsided, Tony found himself gasping for air. Pepper grabbed a few tissues off her desk and handed them to him.
"…We have no confirmation of any deaths at this point, but police are asking people to stay out of the area."
"All of these are in the order we're doing them?" Clint asked as he flipped through his packet.
"All of us sit down with Stark and ask him what the best way would be to help him." Lara frowned.
"You good?" Lara asked.
"I'm Congressman Salinas," the man said. "Eduardo Salinas. We met last night?" Tony had to think about it for a minute before a bell finally rung.
Although, it's kind of was a big deal. Technically, Clint probably shouldn't be leaving the hospital for another few days. The only reasons why they were was because the Tower had a fully stocked med bay – which was located on the same floor as their quarters and Clint's room was actually the closest to it – and Banner had enough medical experience to where they felt that if something happened to Clint, Banner would be able to keep him stable until EMTs could get there.
"I stayed at the gala until it was over," Natasha said. "Barton did as well. It was only when we went to leave that we found out we didn't have a ride home."
"I know," Tony said. "And I'm sorry I put you through that. You never should have had to, but…" Tony sighed. "I'd like to say that it's not going to happen again, but I can't because I know myself. I'm a dumpster fire with literally no impulse control. I know that I'll eventually end up drinking again just like I know that it's eventually going to rain. I'm not going to succeed at this, Steve. I know that. So please, take this as a warning: get off the ride before you get hurt."
"Just read over these papers and have them signed by the morning," Lara said. "And actually, do it. Don't spend the whole night obsessively watching that video."
"Well, it's not necessarily an explosive device, right? Those chemicals can make other things." Pepper looked at Tony, her eyes desperate for some form of reassurance.
"For the most part." She nodded and brought a finger to her comms unit.
Thor seemed to accept this answer, nodded, and took a seat next to his brother, who muttered something about him being a complete imbecile. Steve took a moment to process the conversation he just witnessed and decide whether this was reality. (He concluded that it was, just for the simple fact that the whole thing was too strange for anyone to make up.) Then, he noticed that the seat next to Tony wasn't taken, so he sat right down.
"Nah," Tony said. "The sooner she gets out of Manhattan, the better. Anyways…" Tony turned and wrapped an arm around Steve's waist. "Where were we?"
"Right," Tony said. "About that… Why don't I start off by saying I took your advice yesterday, Natasha?" She raised an eyebrow at that.
"Alright, good," Tony said. "JARVIS put on my random mix and keep the volume low. I think both of us would appreciate that."
"I promise," Tony assured.
"Well, first of all, the type of radiation used on him to accelerate his muscle growth was vita radiation, not gamma radiation," Bruce explained.
As she walked out of the building and got into her car, Duran pulled out one of her cellphones and hit speed-dial number six. She didn't have to wait long for the call to connect.
"Haven't gotten in the shower yet," he explained. "Been busy with something." Conroy raised an eyebrow.
Today is the day I arbitrarily decided was Lara's birthday, so everyone please wish her a happy birthday, even though she only exists inside my mind!
However, it was futile. Nothing came out of the portal and from the angle he was at, he could see the bright light from the nuke detonating. It was over.
"I have some done now if you want them," Bruce said. "I'm just making Lara's fresh." Lara smiled in appreciation.
He also could see the person who had captured him before coming up on the faded peripheral of his vision. He reached down and grabbed Loki by the hair again, pulling hard.
"A medical team is on its way to your location," a male agent's voice said.
"Which way was the elevators again?" Steve asked.
Stark, meanwhile, was looking at her with narrowed eyes, as if he were trying to figure something out. Jessica realized that he probably recognized her. Two years prior, she had posed as a Homeland Security Agent in order to investigate a robbery at Stark Industries for Hydra. It had been the final mission she had to complete in order to get her powers back. She didn't interact much with the man himself – just one informal meeting in a hallway – but apparently, she must have somehow left an impression as the gears were slowly clicking behind his eyes.
"Why don't you come in, Phil?" Pepper asked. "We're celebrating."
"I can't either," Natasha admitted. "But can you at least stop pacing and relax a little bit?" Steve nodded.
"So what choice does that leave us with?" Bruce asked.
Everyone fell silent after that. No one could bring themselves to say anything, because damn… That was, until Steve raised his glass.
"What did you do after that?" Hill asked.
"Right." The way Stark dragged out the word made it clear that he still was not convinced. "So, this was just some elaborate mix-up and you really left a glowing review singing my praises and recommending me for the Avengers. Is that it?"
"I'm probably not going to get it then," Bruce said.
"What do you mean?" Lara asked, cutting him off.
"How much did you hear?" She had to ask.
Despite the Avengers' best efforts to stop him, Loki has unleashed his Chitauri army on the semi-evacuated streets of New York, and so begins the war...
Tony let out a breath of relief. Whatever happened, it had already been taken care of. It could have been worse. The tower could have suddenly knocked out power to all of Manhattan as he feared. This was good. He could relax.
"For either of you," Everhart clarified. "Let me make it more specific, what were you expecting when you first met him?"
"About the same," he said. "Which I know isn't saying much…" Steve put a hand on his shoulder and squeezed.
"We're the Department of Homeland Security. We tend to get all hot and bothered when potential terrorist threats come up." Well, that made sense.
"I'm sorry to hear about that." Lara shrugged.
"Lara," Bruce said. "I think that the offer is only for kids' birthday parties and things like that." Lara snorted in disbelief.
"Yeah," Lara confirmed. "I don't know if anything was taken, though. I just saw the door open, took one step in, saw the whole place ransacked, then immediately stepped back outside and called the police. Sorry."
"Hey," he called after her. "Hey, wait for a second! Where are you going?"
Steve couldn't argue with that point. Even if it had been sixty-five years for her, it had only been a few days for him and you can't get over someone in a few days, especially someone like Peggy. That was his biggest struggle in dealing with his attraction to Tony. It wasn't his confusion about his sexuality or the concern for his own sanity. It was the overwhelming feeling that he was betraying Peggy. He still loved her; cared about her and every time he thought about Tony, it felt like he was doing something wrong by her.
"Yeah."
"That's a shame," Pepper said. "I hope he's feeling better."
"So, if they asked you to steal information from the company, it'd be safe to assume that you would do it, right?"
"No, no," she said. "I really owe you an apology. I've been texting Betty and… She really is a nice person. I can tell you had no bad intentions in giving her my number."
"Well, in case you have no choice, let me give you cab fare," Pepper said.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I must disagree," the taller man said. "Soul is one of the six creative forces behind the universe. It fuels all life. Since you are alive, you must have a soul." The clerk stood there with his mouth open as he tried to find the words to say.
Fortunately for Carol, the woman on the other side of the panel didn't appear suspicious in the least. In fact, she seemed rather enthused.
"'A warm light for all mankind,'" he quoted. "Loki's jab at Fury about the Cube."
"Sit down. We have something we need to talk about." Natasha went to the living area and sat down in one of the armchairs. Steve sat on the empty couch and looked around. He made sure to make eye contact with every single person.
"A dollar and a quarter," Cooper said proudly.
"I have to be to keep up around here," she said with a laugh, but her face grew more serious as she put a hand on his shoulder. "But seriously, just be careful, okay?"
"What if what I'm willing to give you isn't enough?" Steve asked.
Instantly Steve got up and headed towards the door. The others called after him, but he paid them no mind as he left and went to the elevators. By that point, the elevator had been repaired and when Steve got there the display above the doors kept changing numbers, showing that the elevator was going up. Steve crossed his fingers as the display froze on their floor number and the elevator gave a
"That's obvious," he said. "What else has got your panties in a twist?" Lara's face went red. Whether it was in embarrassment or anger, Tony couldn't tell. By her tone, he would guess the later.
ahead of his time. You are an inspired scientific achievement. You should be oh so proud."
"Please don't be a telemarketer," Tony muttered to himself. "Please don't be a telemarketer. Please don't be a telemarketer."
"So," Pepper said. "What did you want to talk about?"
"That's alright," she assured. "Take your time. You don't need to wolf it down all at once." Carol pulled the bag of pretzels open. "Do you want any pretzels? They might help your stomach."
Originally posted to FFN on 10/8/18.
It took Steve all of twenty minutes to reach the top of the mountain. He would have gone faster, but the cliff was incredibly steep and unstable. One wrong move and he'd be sent tumbling down the cliff and forced to start all over again, and while he had superhuman healing, the idea of falling down a rocky incline didn't sound all that appealing to Steve, so he took it slow.
"Alright," she said. "Just sit tight. Someone will be with you in a moment." She then left the room, shutting the door behind her. Tony turned around to see Lara staring at him sharply with a raised eyebrow. He couldn't believe it, but he had found someone who managed to look scarier than Pepper when she was mad at him.
However, the unexpected had happened and now the entire complex was being thrown into a tizzy. There was an energy flare-up from the Tesseract. It happened at a moment when very few people were in the room and there was no apparent outside influence to cause it. The scientists were instantly enraptured in finding the cause of the spike in energy and had gotten to work ASAP.
"The CDC cleared that kitchen along with the rest of the Tower," he pointed out. "It's safe to go in there."
"And I don't?" Lara questioned. "Hell, I earn more than you and I'm a
Adoniram originally planned to use the virus for another purpose, but after hearing the reports of how it had affected the Avengers, he realized it wasn't going to work. He had expected the Black Widow, Captain America, and maybe Dr. Banner to walk away unscathed, but he hadn't expected Stark and Hawkeye – the two most human members of the group – to survive. This showed him that the virus wasn't nearly as deadly as Sharpton had claimed and with the woman in prison, he couldn't exactly force her to fix it. So, he was going to be forced to figure something else out.
"That can't be right." Smith tilted his head back down so she could look in his eyes. "So far your vitals appear to still be normal…"
Tony shook his head against the thought. He didn't want to talk about the nightmares. They were bad enough to experience for himself. He didn't want to have to retell them, especially to a stranger. He noticed that his hand holding the pen had started to shake and quickly got it back under control.
"I'm always going to worry." A smile tugged at the corners of her lips. "Having you and the kids, though, makes it worth it."
"Alright," she said. "But are you sure robbing Stark Industries is a good idea? By doing that, we'd essentially be asking for Iron Man to come and kick our asses. You do know about Iron Man, right?"
"No," the blonde girl said. "Most of the diplomats I protected were either married, celibate, or a combination of both. Sure, a few bought prostitutes, but they were usually pretty good about skedaddling once the hour was up."
"You sure?" Steve wrapped his arms tightly around Tony's body.
"I'm just saying we live in strange times." Duran shrugged. "It's best to keep an open mind." Bergeron scoffed at that. "Hey, it's up to her defense attorney how they're going to swing this. Probably would be best to go with mental health/insanity defense, but I'm sure it's nothing your DA can blow right out of the water."
…Or so she thought. The S.H.I.E.L.D. representative announced that the next person to speak would be Mr. Duane Freeman, Head of Public Relations for Stark Industries. Lara braced herself, hoping against hope that he would at least be slightly more composed than he was minutes before. Again, that isn't what happened. If anything, Freeman looked worse as he stepped up to the podium and leaned into the microphone.
"Bye."
"Two nights ago," he said somewhat guiltily. Tony's face remained stoic.
"You're not fired," Pepper assured. "You just had a bad dream, right?"
"It was Fury's decision," Natasha said. "Our legal system isn't prepared to handle a case of these proportions, especially when you consider all the legal and political issues that prosecuting an extraterrestrial would stir up. In the end, it was smarter to hand Loki over to his own people."
"Why?" he asked.
"Right," Steve said without really thinking about it. When Tony did not look quite assured, he amended it. "Well, I have been having trouble relaxing, but it's not that serious."
"Well, I was distracting you," Bruce tried to defend.
When Coulson's team first came across the frozen man, they were certain he was dead. It wasn't until they started thawing the ice around him to retrieve the body that they realized that the man was, in fact, alive. He kept trying to breathe despite the thick layer of ice separating him from the fresh air and once they had him thawed enough they felt for a pulse; confirming that he was still alive. They quickly freed his body from the remaining ice, got him on a gurney, loaded him up on the Quinjet and headed to New York – the closest S.H.I.E.L.D. base that had the equipment to handle that kind of medical emergency.
Alright, this time I've given myself more time to prepare, so we shouldn't be as rushed this time.
"Tony?" Rhodey's voice came over the speakers at the same time the elevator chimed to indicate it had reached the desired floor and the doors opened. Tony stepped out with his eyes squeezed shut, wishing that he had never given Rhodey JARVIS' override code.
"Right." Tony was looking down and sounded rather reluctant. He gave Tony's shoulder a small, reassuring squeeze, but it didn't seem to ease the other man's aura. Steve frowned for a second but pulled it back before turning back to the redhead and offering a hand.
"How?" Thanos said as he crouched down, putting his hand on Loki's neck. "You have no real power here. You think you do, but you don't. Give me one reason why I shouldn't snap your neck right now."
Instantly he let go of the shard. Amazingly, he didn't drop it or the disc and managed to slide it shut. Charles looked around as he tried to catch his breath. Ash was still raining down from the sky. As far as he could tell, no other mysterious objects had fallen nearby. Quickly, he shoved the disc into his pocket and took off in a full sprint back towards the university. He didn't know what it was or what he had just experienced, but he knew he needed to get back to his dorm before people came, asking questions.
"Shh!" Tony looked to his left to see that everyone had gathered around the laptop. Lara held one finger to her mouth and her gaze was sharp. With her hair pulled back so tightly combined with the narrow frames of her glasses made her give off serious strict librarian vibes. "The video just started."
"I noticed that attendance to this service was mandatory," Salinas said. "Is this another practice run?"
Making it down the hall, they quickly came across the sight of Lara pinning a still-naked Bruce to the wall, knife in hand ready to plunge into his eye socket at any second. Steve tried to step forward hoping to try and separate them, but Bruce's hand shot out in a motion that told him to wait. He obliged, but by the tightness with which he was gripping Tony's hand, Tony could tell that he wasn't too keen on the idea. Meanwhile, Bruce turned his attention to Lara.
Marx shook his head.
"Don't scare me like that," she said.
"Maybe," Clint said. "But if I am delusional, then so be it. I am not going to sit idly by and watch people struggle and hurt. I tried that once, not my cup of tea." At that, Natasha had to relent a bit.
"It's a good thing, too," the man said. "Otherwise we wouldn't be having this conversation right now."
"I know," she said. "I get that more than anybody, but it's not worth putting yourself and others at that serious of a risk for. People could have gotten hurt.
"Listen, Stark," she said. "I don't want to fight you on this."
"Continue investigating the robbery at Stark Industries," the man said. "I don't care about the how, just the who, the what, and the why."
"Which still amazes me to this day," Pepper remarked. Lara shrugged.
"No, I don't," Pepper said. "And you couldn't have called me to ask that?"
"What is this, the 1800s?" Lara asked. "Look, they have a storefront. I highly doubt the station would rent out retail space to a group of rag-tag, fast-talking swindlers from Timbuktu." Bruce relented, admitting with a nod that she had a point. "Besides, I'll be fine. If one of them tries to take me, I'll knock them out." Lara suddenly felt horrible for saying that but didn't let it show on her face.
So, I was not expecting Infinity War to go the way it did. I mean, it was good, but damn the feels... My sister tried to warn me before I went to the theater! I should have listened to her!
"Vasyl Knežević," Natasha said flawlessly. "Eastern European."
"Is it really recovering if I spend the whole time screwing my boyfriend's brains out?" Steve's cheeks reddened a bit.
"How could he?" Tony asked. "He didn't know who I was before we met."
"Yeah," Stark said. "Besides, I'd hate to see how the Other Guy would react to being locked in a sterile, five-by-nine box."
"Basically, every Tom, Dick, and Harry out there wants Tony Stark's signature, and they want it now." Tony shrugged at Lara's brief, yet apt summarization. Pepper did not seem as impressed, though.
"You never could," Laura said.
The Congressman had a solid schedule. He left in the early hours of the morning without any breakfast, preferring to stop at a café in the city to eat. He'd be home sometime late into the night to review the work that was done in the gardens and dismiss the church members assigned to work in them before heading straight to bed. That left Jessica only a small window of opportunity to work with. She supposed she could suffocate him in his sleep, but there would be too much circumstantial evidence pointing to her. Luckily, Hydra had a better idea.
"How? With an airplane?" Carol shook her head at Steve's inquiry.
"Give Barton some space. Crowding him like this is making things worse."
"Don't worry," Tony said softly, resting his cheek on Steve's shoulder. "I pulled myself away. I'm not going to drive myself crazy." Steve pulled back, looking concerned.
"Yes," he gasped out in response to the unspoken question. "Please, Tony."
"Sure, it is." Tony felt a tiny bit of a laugh escape him. He turned his head a bit to look at Steve.
Tony responding by pulling Steve in for yet another kiss. This one was more achingly slow and affectionate, and they both threw themselves into it completely. Oh yes, this was a moment that Tony could already tell he would treasure forever.
"You're gonna stop me?" Tony challenged.
"Conroy, this is Cabe," the woman's voice on the other end said.
"No," Tony said. "Apart from Cap and Romanoff, I had never met any of them before. I don't think many of them knew each other beforehand, either."
Me: No, I can't scratch you. I'm in the middle of doing something.
Tony smirked in amusement as a very annoyed-looking S.H.I.E.L.D. agent walked into the observation room with a bag of burgers in-hand. He was probably enjoying this a little too much, but he didn't care. Any opportunity to ruffle a S.H.I.E.L.D. agents feathers was an opportunity that must be taken. The agent shoved the bag into Tony's chest.
. Then Natasha would feel justified in being angry again.
"I know how bad it can get," he said. "For God's sake, I just finished going through withdrawals yesterday. I know how bad it can get and I know it can happen again. I don't want it to happen again, but I know it will."
"No," Tony said. "I'll be alright. Thanks for picking us up so late."
Now that they could take the letter out of its protective case and examine it, Bruce and Betty could easily say that they were making some progress. Scrutinizing it with gloved hands, they found the envelope to be gilded with some sort of lining. Pulling a piece off, Betty judged it to be aluminum foil just off appearances. To be sure, though, she ran it through the mass spectrometer to test its make-up and sure enough, it came back as aluminum foil, which could be a major development.
"Ruined what?" Steve rubbed one of his hands across Tony's shoulder in a comforting manner.
"I have a crush on you." A wave of anxiety crashed over Steve as the fateful words came out of his mouth. "This isn't how I wanted to tell you, and it doesn't matter if you reciprocate or not. The reason why I was trying to keep my distance was that, for some reason in the back of my mind, I was afraid that if I gave any indication of that – no matter how subtle – S.H.I.E.L.D. or Loki would catch on and it would end in you getting hurt. That's all it was and I'm sorry I allowed it to escalate to the level where we were arguing and trying to hurt each other. That was probably more dangerous than any scenario I could imagine. Can you forgive me for that?"
"How did you get here?" he had to ask as he opened the driver's side door of the car.
Once they finished their conversation, Lara set to work confirming check-in times and interviews. Although they were flying over on Saturday at nine AM, Tony wanted to give themselves time to settle in and discuss their PR strategy. He also wanted to give Barton and Romanoff time to rest before they had to face the press. Although he had no idea where they were coming from, Tony told her that there was a strong possibility that they were crossing multiple time zones and likely to be jetlagged, so she planned accordingly. Plus, she also got the feeling that Tony wanted to put off dealing with the press for as long as possible, which was fine with Lara. It wasn't her funeral.
"I get it," Pepper said. "You don't need to explain it again."
"No," he said. "It's Pepper's birthday times the year she was born."
Tony turned his gaze over to Steve. The look on his face wasn't too hopeful, either. His blue eyes were full of concern. The most he could do was give him a pat on the back of the hand. He hoped it would be enough to reassure him but given that Steve knew all about his tryst with Miss Everhart, he highly doubted it would.
"I heard it," Steve said.
"Actually, I probably could," Carol said.
"It started when I was eighteen," he said. "When I lost my mom. She got sick; consumption." Natasha nodded.
"Yeah, I know that feeling," he said. "None of them are quick to trust and for good reason, but don't mistake that for intimidation. I did that and it almost ended in me angry-fucking Steve in front of everyone." Carol raised an eyebrow. "Yeah, that's a long and complicated story that I don't think I should dive into right now."
Again, Marx nodded. Charles' eyes widened in shock, but he quickly saw how he could use this to his advantage.
"You're 'sorry?'" Tony questioned. "For what? A lot has happened over the past twenty-four hours if you haven't noticed." Steve took a deep breath before looking Tony directly in the eyes.
name, disappointingly – a streak blue rushing to get in between him and Carol. While one part of Tony found it sexy, another more sensible part worried about whether or not his overprotective boyfriend was about to do something irrational in the name of defending him.
"Not much," Steve admitted. "S.H.I.E.L.D. moved me into my own apartment. I have the entire floor to myself."
"I'm telling the truth!" Natasha stood up, grabbing the knife and rounding the table to the other side. She stood still until Sharpton was forced to look up at her.
"You didn't have to do this at your last job?" the other woman asked.
"She bit me!"
"Yeah," Tony said. "She was the first, well, the only person I ever willingly came out as bi to. That's why she told me about you. She wanted me to know that I wasn't the only person who ever felt that way."
"Bumps?" Everhart asked. "What kind of bumps?"
"Like what?" Although it was Rhodey who asked the question, Tony found himself looking at Steve. He already knew, so Tony wouldn't have to witness the surprise coming to his eyes.
It all came back to Steve in a flash. The train, the ambush, Bucky dangling from the side of the freight car, reaching out for him… Steve had to look down and take a deep breath to collect himself. Once the cold shock of the memory wore off, he looked back up at Fury.
"Uh-uh, you're not getting anymore, mister," Tony said. "Shut your eyes, go to sleep."
"We have a Hulk." Loki continued to look non-pulsed.
"Thank you for the apologies," he said. "All of them. No matter if I end up accepting them or not… They help." Natasha nodded in understanding. "By the way, I'm sorry you had to deal with that display." She waved it off.
After almost an hour of non-stop fighting with no breaks and a hell of a lot of bad hits – one of which left her bleeding from her hairline – Natasha was starting to get battle-weary. This was made more evident when she picked up one of the Chitauri's weapons and turned to aim it at whoever was coming up behind her. She came within seconds of shooting Steve. Taking a few deep breaths, she sat down on the hood of a taxi cab, now heavily damaged and abandoned in the middle of the street.
"Right," Tony said. "Avoid direct contact with his hands. The only problem with that is if I want to fight him, I'm going to have to do it hand-to-hand."
"Then why do you suggest I seek help from those who thwarted our day of reckoning?"
Things only served to get worse when Tony let out that breath he had been holding. JARVIS gave a static-filled notification that he was powering down and within seconds the HUD flickered off and the thrusters died, officially leaving him completely and utterly alone. Once the suit had fully powered off, his hands released the missile, sending it straight into the army above. All Tony could do was watch as the missile went off, and a huge, soundless explosion began to overwhelm the waiting invaders.
"Okay, the easiest way to get out of the city from Avengers Tower would be to use the subway via Grand Central Station." Maria's voice coming over the line startled Carol back to attention. "Will you be able to get there from where you are now?"
and the effects in the film were so realistic that they felt compelled to call the FBI and MPAA to make sure that no one had died for real. Both organizations were able to get into contact wit everyone involved with the making-of the film and were able to confirm that all the actors were in fact alive, much to their relief, but that experience made Rhodey wary of calling them again, simply because he didn't want to waste their time if it was fake.
"Alright then," she said. "What can I order?"
"So, what am I looking for here?"
"We've already had one attack today," she said as she politely shook his hand. "We don't want to risk another." Freeman frowned.
"No, I thought Jessica… Did I get poisoned three times?"
Quickly, the Chitauri took notice of Tony and started firing at him. Tony quickly responded, knocking a few out of the sky with repulsor blasts and taking out as many as he could lock onto by firing the miniature homing missiles in his shoulders. He kept weaving through the flow of invaders. A few got away, but Tony chose to ignore them for the moment while he worked on making sure that a few of their friends got through as possible. If only his backup wasn't taking so long to arrive…
He instantly smashed his head against the phone after pushing the send button and scrambled to add a secondary text to his reply.
"No," she said. "They actually went perfectly. The judge gave me a six-month extension on the protection order, so I won't have to worry about that for a bit."
"Well, you should know, Captain Danvers," he said. "Since our intelligence tells us that you are one of them."
When he got home that night, he popped the tape into the VHS player in the living room and went to set about starting dinner in the attached kitchen. For the first minute and fifty seconds, the recording was nothing but snow. Thinking that the tape might be broken, Rhodey rolled his eyes. He finished punching in the time code on the microwave and walked back over to the TV.
"How?" It was Clint's turn to regret asking a question. Stark hesitated a moment before he started forcing the words out of himself.
"You're too sweet for your own good, do you know that?" Steve's face tinged red for a moment and he looked down, but Tony could still see the smile on his face.
"Yeah," Tony said. "That's what I thought." Tony jerked his arm back to get Knežević to let go. Knežević fell to his knees but sprung up quickly, scrambling past Tony and back towards the beach. Tony flew over to where the jetty met the shore, intending to block his path of escape. "So, what are my options here?"
Although the validity of the subsequent posts was questionable, the first one seemed legit. First, the poster claimed that the rock was 100% pure sapphire. No one else made that claim. Secondly, on "abs_rocks" profile, it claimed they were a geologist with the U.S. Geological Survey and had posted dozens of pictures of rocks and numerous articles relating to geology, so it was clear that this person knew what they were talking about. While it was only a circumstantial lead, it was still a lead worth checking out, especially when it's the only lead you must go on.
"It's different," Bruce dismissed as he reached up to get a better look at one of the modules on the screen. Tony brushed all the modules to the side, forcing Bruce to look right at him.
"Steve," he said. "Do you really think you're going to fool
"Yeah, sure, go ahead."
"Sort of," Tony admitted.
"What?" she said. "Like, how bad?"
"Actually, that works out great," Salinas said. "That will be all for now." Jessica nodded and turned to go back to the kitchen. She heard Salinas head down the hall.
"I don't know," he said. "Never really thought about it; just went ahead and did it." Not wanting to have to find out for himself, Steve picked up the fork and took another bite. It was still just as good if a little cold.
"Thank you for your help, sir." She and Clint then turned and started rushing down the stairs. Bruce called out after them, but they didn't stop. Steve took the hint and followed them, running down the stairs at top speed.
"What I wanted was to put an end to your pain," Steve said. "You were struggling, crying, and nothing I did could help you. I've never seen anyone in so much pain. I was scared that you could have… That the only way you would get better would be…"
That stung. In fact, a part of Steve didn't want to believe it even though he had witnessed Bucky's death first-hand. He didn't really have much time to mourn. He had tried going to that pub to get drunk (which didn't work thanks to the serum) but after Peggy found him there, it was pretty much go, go, go non-stop until he got frozen in the ice. Now, he had more deaths to grieve for than just Bucky's; more than any one man should ever have to grieve for.
"Have you had any other symptoms?" Rawls said. "Any involving your respiratory system?"
"Yeah," Carol said. "I'm just pissed at myself for being so quick to jump the gun."
"That's fine," Tony said. "Well, Happy, Pepper, Steve, and I were actually going to meet with someone on Saturday."
"Are you hell happened?" Tony had trouble suppressing his snort of laughter. Clearly in his frantic state, Steve had tried to say, "are you okay?" and "what the hell happened?" at the same time. Tony wanted to laugh harder, but for Steve's sake, he kept his reaction subdued.
"True," Knežević said. "But it's pretty hard to give up when you've got nothing else to lose." Tony rolled his eyes and hoisted the man to his feet. He was careful to keep his grip firm around Knežević's wrists and avoid touching his palms.
"New Jersey," Salinas said. "The Tenth Congressional District; Newark/Jersey City area. A lot of people commute."
"Then why don't you believe me?" Steve asked.
"The one… The poison was in… I dropped it… In the sink… After I spiked… The water…" Fury gave her a look. "I cleaned it up. Washed it… …Down the drain. I'm not that… Stupid."
"Looks like it," Natasha said. She plucked the page she'd been reading from the folder. "I'm just going to photocopy this. I'll bring it right back." She started to head towards the door.
Hopefully, this wasn't too filler-y for you. A thing that always bothered me about the movie was that S.H.I.E.L.D. easily could have warned the public that there was an attack imminent and started evacuating Midtown well before the battle happened, but they didn't. I guess maybe they didn't want to alarm Loki, but still, you're playing with civilian lives there. Also, before anyone says "well, what were they going to tell the public? A crazy god was about to launch an alien invasion force upon them? They'd never believe it!" I'd like to inform you that there's this little thing called "lying." They easily could have lied and said it was a threatened attack by Al-Qaeda or the Taliban or some other terrorist group just to get the people up and moving and then fully disclose what happened later. It's not that hard.
Tony slid his tongue across Steve's lips and Steve opened his mouth in kind. By this point, Tony had already explored every inch of Steve's mouth and knew the exact spots to run his own tongue over to make him moan and groan. Steve melted a bit but quickly retaliated by pushing Tony's tongue back and invading his mouth. Tony liked where this was going.
"No, you don't," Steve said.
"Sounds like a plan to me," he said.
"Did you find Tony?" she asked.
"What are you doing?" Salinas asked. "Lie back down. Relax. You need to rest."
"I know," Tony said as he took another sip. Honestly, the last thing he needed on top of the Swine Flu and the migraine from hell was a hangover. He swished the alcohol around in his mouth for a solid thirty seconds before spitting it out into the sink and taking a long, deep breath.
"I read it better than I speak it," Lara said. "Always have and probably always will."
"That stator control unit can reverse the polarity long enough to disengage maglev and that could…"
"You get that, Hill?" she asked.
"That's part of it," Bruce said.
"Is there more to tell?" Tony remained silent, directing his gaze down to his shoes. Romanoff sighed. "How long as this been going on?"
"Good, that's good."
"Director Fury," she greeted. "Did you get the files from Stark?"
"To be honest," Duran said. "I think she's already cracked. There's nothing more you can get from her."
As much as Clint was touched by the warm welcome home the other Avengers had given him and Natasha, what he had really wanted to do was call Laura. He had promised her the last time they talked on the phone that he would video-call her as soon as he was able. However, the celebration had pushed that to the side, but Clint wasn't mad about that. He just wanted to talk to his wife.
Once he met Peggy, however, things changed. He fell in love with her and only had eyes for her. He was going to go on a date with her. Once or twice he even imaged having a life with her after the war.
"You can't be serious," Lara said.
"Good to see you again, Fury," he said as he approached the Director of S.H.I.E.L.D. "How are things in the land of make-believe?" Fury ignored Tony's sarcastic comment.
"Yes, and yes," Betty said. "Not just for the people working with the virus, but even those who are at risk of indirectly being exposed, like maintenance staff or those working in other offices of the same building."
The sharp, shocking pain radiated through Carol's skull and down the rest of her body. As this was happening, Beta dealt multiple blows to her face. Carol could taste blood at the back of her throat and knew that wasn't a good sign. Despite all the pain, though, she wasn't thrown off from generating energy like she had been the first time. In fact, the energy seemed to spread through her body faster, and within moments the heat was too much for Beta to take. She pulled her legs off Carol's arms, something she immediately took advantage of by grabbing her by the waist and reversing their positions, so Beta was forced to the ground.
"We've toasted every other time we've taken a shot so far," Oswin pointed out.
"Self-deprecation isn't the way to solve your problems." Bruce shrugged.
he told himself.
"Are you sure about that?"
"I think," Adoniram said. "That we have found the perfect guinea pigs for their next experiment." Salinas slowly started reflecting Adoniram's smile, the meaning of his words clicking in his mind.
"Beau petit garcon!" Lara rushed into the dining area and plucked the dog from Clint's arms. Lucky knew by this point that Lara would shower him with affection for so little as breathing, so he immediately hammed it up, widening his eyes and wagging his tail as fast as he could. Lara let out a coo of affection and snuggled him closer. "You're so adorable! I love you! Never leave this Earth!" Lucky responded by licking her face, causing Lara to laugh.
"I made alterations to the diseases," he said. "One of which was to accelerate the speed at which the diseases – specifically the Ebola – progressed."
"Yeah," Rhodey said. "I know it's a sedative and he really shouldn't have mixed it with alcohol, but we just need…"
If you enjoyed this story, I encourage you to check out the playlists for MHATRAR and Unbroken! Both are available for listening on Youtube and Spotify (My usernames on each respectively are xMewWinx96x and Mew.), but track listings for both will be below the special thanks just in case you can't find it.. (Yes, I am trying to fill up space because I feel guilty about only writing a 500-word chapter.) Again, thank you to everyone who's reviewed, favorited, commented, left kudos, and everything else! You all rock!
Tony found it in himself to stand up, but he didn't let go of Steve's hand until he had to. After taking a couple of steps forward towards Dr. Cranston, their fingers broke apart and Tony sorely felt their absence. If Cranston noticed their closeness, she didn't comment on it; just continued to smile and nodded towards the door.
"Give me a second, and I'll show you to the backyard."
Carol realized that she probably should have flown back to Maria's after she found that the place was closed, but the bad feeling in her gut had kept her from doing so. She needed to make sure that nothing nefarious was going on. She couldn't imagine why the Kree would come to Earth – especially after she made it clear that the planet was not to be touched – but there wasn't a better explanation for what the two men at the convenience store had said, nor for what was written in the pamphlet they had left behind.
"What I know barely even makes sense," Steve answered honestly. Rhodes nodded.
"I'm not going to until I need to," she said. "Especially when I don't know their state of dress." Lara nodded in agreement.
"Not just court," Adoniram said. "Tell me, Eduardo, how hard would it be to get into contact with Miss Christine Everhart?" Salinas shrugged.
"Dr. Banner has already been notified of the need to evacuate," JARVIS reported. "He is already doing so through the north-east stairwell. It is highly unlikely that he's been exposed in any way."
"This'll only take a minute." Shrugging, Steve went over to pick up the chair (which was a bit too heavy for a normal person to carry on their own, but Steve could manage just fine) and brought it over to sit in front of the desk, facing Rhodes. A tense moment of silence passed before Steve finally spoke up.
He felt filled to the bone with nothing but nervous energy. No matter how many deep breaths he took, he couldn't seem to contain it at all. His mind kept running through anxious thoughts and terrifying possibilities, all of which seemed to go by so fast that he could barely process them all. It was like he was freefalling through a bottomless pit; he wanted nothing more than for the ground to come and meet up with him and stop his endless decent. He felt his stomach lurch in an unpleasant manner.
"Yeah," Tony said. "Well, it's kind of the truth." Pepper rolled her eyes and started walking towards the door.
"God, Rhodey," he said. "What am I going to do? There's no way out!"
"Good," Fury said. "Once Dr. Fox gives the okay, I'm going to talk to Rogers and explain the situation. In the meantime, Stark, you're free to go." Fury reached into his pocket and pulled out a USB flash drive. "These are all the files we extracted on Captain Rogers and Project: Rebirth. No copies were made and none of the information left this room."
"Stark," Salinas said. "The Avengers as a whole, S.H.I.E.L.D., a combination of all three? I don't know. It could be any of them. All I know is that it can't be a coincidence that I find this in my house right after Stark disappears." Adoniram's mouth formed a hard line.
"You sure?" Steve asked. "You disappeared for a moment there and ever since you got back you've been in this mood."
"I didn't," she said. "It went on like that for two weeks. My parents were worried sick. They called the police and had all of Blackpool out searching for me. Little did they know, I was right under their noses. Whenever this ability or whatever it wears off, I was in a huge heap of trouble. Everyone thought I had run away from home. No one believed me when I tried to explain what happened, not even my parents… The worst part was that it just kept happening. I'd go days without being noticed by anyone and I'd just go crazy. A lot of times I took it out on my parents and I really regret that, especially when Mum…"
"Alright," Natasha said with a nod. "That's good. I'm glad you did that, Tony."
be obligated to appoint one for you."
A high-pitched shrill whining cut Loki off from that train of thought. Once the whining stopped he couldn't remember what he'd been thinking about, but he was suddenly filled with rage over Thor's would-be king remark.
"How do we do this?" Natasha asked.
though?"
"Can you describe what your relationship is like with each of them individually?"
"Not only them." Steve gave Tony a warning look. "Look, an intelligence organization that fears intelligence? Historically, not awesome."
"Because I can only
"I have to run, but I'm sure my friend Nick here would be more than happy to assist with the logistics and strategy of this whole thing." With that, he thrust the phone into Fury's hands and squeezed through the small crowd that had gathered. Hill was quick to chase after him.
"Do I look to be in a gaming mood?" No, he didn't. Loki started to sit up.
Lights were flashing. Music was blasting. Someone was laughing. Tony smiled as he felt someone's head hit his shoulder. Gently, he pushed them away, murmuring that he had a boyfriend.
"We are not soldiers," Tony turned and snapped. This time, Steve didn't feel any surge in anger like he did when he was arguing with Tony before. Every time Tony spoke two words, he just felt himself getting angrier. Now, all Steve felt for Tony was sympathy. These were not words made in the heat of irrational anger. This was the pain of loss that was making Tony snap. It was completely understandable. "I'm not marching to Fury's fife."
"Uh, she's taking care of something for a friend," Coulson said.
"I do, too," Steve agreed with the deepest hope in his heart that it would remain true.
"We can sort this out later," Steve said. "It's more important that we find Tony." Natasha raised an eyebrow.
"I'm guessing alcohol had a role to play?" he asked.
"If it makes feel better," he said. "You can scrub the whole room down from top to bottom with Lysol before you let him in there. I just want to do this once and I want everyone to hear this from me directly, and that includes Clint. So please, can you just bring him down here?"
"I'll be right back," Oswin said with a pat on the shoulder before walking the short distance down the hall to go back into the kitchen. While she waited for her girlfriend to return, Nina sobbed endlessly into he hands, trying to wrap her head around this whole situation. First Oswin goes missing for days, then some Homeland Security agent shows up saying she's dead and asking all these questions, and then Oswin appears at her door acting like nothing was wrong. Something wasn't right here, and it was scaring Nina to death.
Originally uploaded to FFN on 9/23/19.
"You know damn well why," Steve snapped. "Back off!"
Remember kids, the author isn't smart.
"Well, I'd have to tell Pepper if she asked me point-blank," he said. "But other than that, I wouldn't tell anyone."
"Yes," Lara said. "And that's all I'm willing to say about it." Happy still looked a little confused, but Pepper held up a hand to silence any further questions.
Even though Tony had resolved to be more honest with Pepper, he was having a tremendous amount of difficulty following through with that resolution. From the moment he could speak in complete sentences, Tony was expected to be a certain way; be a good boy and say the right things to the right people at the right times. Lying was second nature to him, particularly telling lies about himself. He could never admit he was in any pain or show any sign of weakness. Once you have that instinct embedded in you, it was all but impossible to remove.
It didn't take long for Tony to locate the last underwater power supply line running through the East River. It was old, rusted, grimy, and easy to cut through with just a low-powered energy beam from one of his repulsors. He had the metal housing open in seconds and was able to secure the power inhibitor with ease. Once he saw that it had powered on and was functioning properly, he took off, resurfacing and turning his attention straight to his newly-built tower. The place was as black as midnight, but thankfully all the buildings around it were still lit up. That was a relief. One of the concerns he had was that he'd accidentally cause a city-wide blackout trying to take Stark Tower off the grid. Good thing that didn't come to pass, otherwise he'd have a lot of explaining to do to the City of New York (again.)
"Or a frog," Clint added. Cooper frowned and Laura rubbed his shoulder.
All around the scene, people had stopped dead in their tracks and pulled out their cellphones. Some were taking pictures and videos of the newly formed human statue. Others had done the responsible thing and called 911. Looking through the gathered crowd, Duran noticed that one person was missing. She dashed back into the restaurant, fully expecting to see Oswin still standing there, frozen with fear. However, that wasn't the case. Several people were standing at the window looking out in amazement at what had happened on the patio before them. Quite a few more were cowering in the back, fearful that they too may be attacked. Oswin was among neither group.
"Allow me to introduce you to your successor," he said. "Romanoff, this is my assistant, Lara Conroy. Conroy, meet Natalie Rushman." Natasha rolled her eyes and extended a hand out to Conroy.
Steve returned to the room a moment later. Tony could hear his footsteps move softly across the floor and something metal clash against the wood. Turning around, Tony saw that he had gotten a pot and set it down on the nightstand behind him.
He immediately looked at her. He tried to get up, but the two people sitting next to him refused to unlink their arms and thus kept him down. For one, Lara found herself grateful for the Peoples Unity Church. Dante gave her a sort of apologetic look.
"How did you guys know I was here?" Hill only glanced back once before explaining.
"It makes a huge deal of difference," Rhodey said. "From that height, you're falling for a shorter amount of time at a lower speed. That would make it much more likely for people to survive the crash. In fact, more than a few would probably be able to get off the plane in the calm, fashionable manner that you described."
"Mr. Stark asked me to turn away any calls he got before he passed out," JARVIS explained. "His vitals weren't indicating an adverse reaction, so I deemed him not to be in enough danger to defy a direct order."
"Maybe," Oswin admitted. "I'm not sure. Probably, but I'm not all that computer savvy. I only know the basics, so Skype's pretty much our only option."
"I got changed in the bathroom," Lara said.
"He would have to heat the Cube to 120-million Kelvin, just to break through the Coulomb barrier," Bruce pointed out, saving Tony from continuing down that road any further.
"Hill?" A puzzled expression crossed Lara's face.
He had just TKO'ed another punching bag and was in the process of hanging up another one when Fury made his presence known.
"This is just his Wikipedia page."
"You could never," Tony said. "I care about you too much to make you do something you're not ready for." He felt Steve hug him back.
"Try again." Tony let out a breath of exasperation.
"You know what,
Originally uploaded to FFN on 1/21/19.
"Well, think about what they can do," Freeman said. "They were able to stop the apocalypse all by themselves. Don't you think that could be useful, particularly against the Kree?" Adoniram stood up. His voice took on a dark tone.
"Actually, Tony," Rhodey said. "I already gave them my credit card number." Tony's frown deepened.
"Thanks, by the way," she said. "For listening and not being rude. That's hard for me to talk about and I'm just glad to have talked to someone." Bruce smiled and nodded.
"That may be true," Laura said. "But is it always the best one to go with?"
The Avengers have had yet another eventful week. Good thing they have the weekend to cool down.
"Not well," Natasha said. "I tried to figure out what was going on with him, but he deflected all my questions and lashed out at me. It wasn't as bad as how he lashed out at Conroy, but he was still pretty upset."
Tony woke up with his head aching and something cold tapping against his cheek. Realizing it was water, he bolted upright and immediately smashed his head into a faucet. He let out a curse and rubbed the injured spot carefully. When he tried to get up again, he took things slow and managed to avoid the faucet.
"The one this morning," Pepper said. "Didn't you see it?"
Carol accidentally caused an explosion while fighting two powered individuals at the Peoples Unity Church. She now has to face the aftermath of that.
Merry Second Christmas!
"I mean it sounds like you have a nice life," Tony explained. "Why agree to help me when you know who I am and the kind of attention I attract."
"Alright," he said. "I'll go. Sorry to cause such a fuss."
"What?!" The exclamation flew right out of Freeman's mouth. "What the… Does this… You're the ones who sent the virus to the Avengers?" His eyes darted between Salinas and Adoniram. Salinas was completely unphased.
"Bruce!"
"I can't," Steve said. "I need to do something."
"I wouldn't mind another." In moments Tony's lips were crashing against Steve's again. This time, Steve was conscious enough to respond back. It made the kiss that much more enjoyable.
In fact, that had made Tony resent Rogers a bit. His entire life he had heard his father go on and on about how great Captain America was and his father had held him to that high standard. Tony, obviously, could never manage to live up to those expectations, and as a result came to hold feelings of resentment towards a man everyone thought long-dead.
"Then where… Tony, please sit down."
Why is it that every time I listen to Pray for the Wicked all I can think is "Wow, this song totally fits Tony!"
I wish I could say that I'm late uploading this chapter because I partied so hard last night and spent all day sleeping, but we all know that's a lie.
Knežević dropped to his knees. His throat was raw, and his eyes were damp with tears. Only two thoughts ran through his mind.
going to be asking him what we can do to help?" Steve asked.
"I'd sit this one out, Cap," Natasha called from the co-pilot's seat.
"Uh, Radiohead, I think?" Tony said. "Why? You don't like it?"
That one gave him the most guilt because it was the clearest of all to answer. Yes, he was afraid to be in a real relationship with Tony, because to Steve, a real relationship entailed being out in the public with the person that you were in love with. It meant being able to go on actual dates and being affectionate with the person without the fear of criticism or worse. All his life, Steve knew he would never be able to have that with a man. If you wanted to date, get married, have children, the only acceptable way to do that was with a woman. Otherwise, you were out of luck (and likely to be run out of town by an angry mob wielding pitchforks and torches.) Now, though… Well, while the idea still had its detractors, it was still much more of an acceptable option than it was years ago. However, Steve still felt hesitant. It was not because he did not love Tony –
"Because it's more than just my stomach." Gently, Steve pushed Tony's fist out of the way to press a hand against his forehead. "I don't feel hot."
"I don't remember this," Tony cut her off. "This was last week?" Pepper nodded.
"Okay," he agreed. "I'll think about it." Natasha smiled.
and a flash of light.
"Here you go," Oswin said. "You liked Earl Grey the last time I made it, right?" Nina nodded as Oswin began filling the mugs. "Good. Just making sure I remembered right. Do you want anything else? I grabbed some Pop Tarts, but I wasn't sure if that was what you wanted." Nina shook her head as if to say "no, I'm good" and took a mug and a packet of Pop Tarts from the tray. Oswin sat down next to her and did the same.
"You've had a hand pressed to your cheek all afternoon," Lara pointed out before Tony could. Pepper shot a look at the other woman – who was still leaning against the rear wall with her eyes shut – clearly embarrassed by the call out.
Surprisingly enough, the shawarma place was still open when the Avengers showed up. When they asked the old man and woman who ran the restaurant why they didn't close shop and flee when the invasion started, they looked completely non-pulsed.
"Steve, you can come to me with anything, anytime," Tony said. "Even if I am stressed and going through my own emotional crisis, I'll still listen. He covered Steve's hand with both of his. "Capuche?" Steve nodded.
"Depends," he said. "Why do they want to talk to me?"
"No worries," Carol assured. "It's not like I can be one to judge on things like that."
And never did I think that I would be caught in the wave you got me, 'cause boys love boys and girls and love is not a choice!
"Alright," she said. "You're right about that."
"I was thinking 'Jesus Christ, why did Barton have to scare the crap out of me?'" Everyone looked confused. "The murder prank he pulled? He made me and Conroy think that someone killed him for drug money?" Lara snapped her fingers as the memory clicked.
"He was out of his league," he said. "He should have waited. He should have…" Tony came to a stop where the ramp met the catwalk and looked down.
behaving, which seemed extremely odd given that less than twenty minutes ago he was blowing up cars and demanding that everyone kneel before him. Yes, they had cornered him and put him in a bad spot, but Steve would have thought that once they had Loki secluded from the public, he'd attempt to do whatever he could to escape. Instead, he seemed to be willingly cooperating and that just put a bad feeling in Steve's gut. Unable to handle those concerns on top of everything else he was already worried about, Steve turned to look at Tony. It only made one situation worse, but if he got his other worries off his chest, it might serve to make himself feel a little better.
"V-E-C-T-E-R," Barton spelled. "Everybody knows that." Lara's face remained expressionless and she kept her gaze focused on him.
Also, btw, I used Grammarly premium to edit this chapter, so if anything seems wrong or out of place, let me know.
"I know," he said. "I know you're not okay, but you've got to help me out here. Everything will be better once we get back to your room."
Once she had gone up a few floors, Lara found she couldn't go any further. Leaning against one of the walls, she slumped down and pulled her knees to her chest. A strangled sob escaped her mouth before she pulled herself back together one last time and reached for her phone. Todd would freak if she heard her that upset, especially over Dante.
He was going back to a place he hoped he'd never see again. The rest of Manhattan was sinking behind him as he went up, up, up. The portal was coming closer, Chitauri soldiers continuing to pour out of it from the depths of space. The nuke on his back was a heavy weight, one that pressed down on him hard. He had less than a dozen seconds before it exploded. He needed to get it through the portal.
"Oh yeah?" Rhodes said. "Why would that be?" Steve sighed.
Unexpectedly, the door opened, and Lara's hand went to where she used to keep her gun, though it was ultimately pointless; doubly so as it was only Clint entering the room. Lara mentally kicked herself for being so jumpy before turning her gaze back to Clint.
"Okay," Lara said at the same time Lucky trotted over to them, ball securely in his mouth. Lara smiled. "Hey, are you going to let me have that?" She reached out her hand to try to take the ball from him but snapped it back as soon as Lucky let out a low growl. It did not sound menacing, but it made it clear that Lucky was not going to give up the ball.
Which, it was. Instead of Tony, a tall, bald, black man with an eyepatch over his left eye stepped into the room. The door shut behind him and he started to approach Steve.
"Well, there's been a lot of speculation about the nature of their relationship," Everhart explained. "Is there any insight you can give us."
"Ooo, Hopper!" Cooper exclaimed. "Can that be his name?" Laura smiled as to set him down gently.
"All I've got is a rock." Bergeron laughed at that.
It was a tight fit. They were both too tall for the bed, something that surprised Steve because Tony was all of 5'9" – more than half a foot shorter than him. If anyone could fit in this bed, he should, but apparently not. However, the lack of space wasn't exactly a bad thing, either. After all, it meant that they'd be in constant physical contact with one another, which given the day's events didn't sound that bad at all.
"What is this, Clint?" she asked. "Why did you do this?" He shrugged.
Thankfully, they didn't have to face the board (yet.) This was just a meeting with a few people from SI's legal department, the head of HR, and the acting head of PR – a redheaded woman named Jane that already seemed to be leagues better than Freeman. Happy was also in the room, but that was more because Tony felt safer having him there. The reality of the fact that he and the other Avengers were attacked as setting in and was feeling a little shaken. It was terrifying that someone had the audacity to try and attack all the Avengers (minus Thor) at once and it wasn't hard to jump to the conclusion that if someone was bold enough to do that, they'd have no problem targeting him alone or SI. Although, supposedly all the perpetrators were caught and were in police custody, Tony wasn't entirely sure he could trust that, especially since the People's Unity Church seemed to be trying to factor themselves into the equation. So, he just felt better having someone in the room he could trust to get Pepper, Lara, and the other civilians to safety if everything were to suddenly go sideways. Besides, it was nice to have at least one more friendly face in the room; or at least a friendly face, period.
"They should," Tony said, his voice lightening up. "And if they don't, we have our own process here in our mail room."
So, despite her hesitations, Carol tried her best to recount everything as best as she could recall it. There were questions, obviously, and Carol did answer them as best she could. It was hard, though. She legitimately couldn't remember certain things or even worse she remembered things happening two different ways and kept fluctuating between the two different versions of events.
"Because I'm deaf," Clint stated simply.
"You overestimate me, Rogers," Tony said. "Because I don't have a single clue either."
"You got a suit?" Steve asked Clint.
"What's wrong?" Tony squeezed his eyes shut. It really pained him to say it.
"Pepper," Tony said. "You're killing me. The moment, remember? Enjoy the moment."
Tony did exactly that, sitting down on one of the leather couches. Pepper added that she just needed to finish replying to an e-mail and she would be right with him. Tony did not mind. It gave him more time to figure out what he was doing.
Despite saying that he was still happy that Steve decided to hover close to him in case he stumbled and fell, and when he did Steve was right there to catch him. From that point on, Steve guided Tony back to his seat, keeping one hand on his shoulder and the other hand lay gently on the small of his back. Tony grinned as he sat back down in his seat.
"Emilio's," Pepper responded.
"Turn!" she ordered. "Turn!" The creature complied and banked to the left so hard that they almost got completely turned around and they almost slammed into the side of a building. "Less! Less!" She took a deep breath to try to get herself to focus. It was clearly a steep learning curve, but Natasha knew she could figure it out. The fate of the world depended on it.
"Mm-hm," Betty said with a nod. "They only told me that I would be working with a former colleague of mine. They didn't specify which one." Bruce frowned. Although he could keep his temper, he couldn't help but feel a little ire towards S.H.I.E.L.D. for that.
"Damn it!"
The latter obviously didn't happen, but Steve honestly didn't expect it to. He's spent the past year trying to straighten out his mind and had little to show of it. It didn't help that a certain international spy agency was doing little if anything to help him. They just left him to his own devices from day one. If he hadn't met Tony immediately after he woke up, he'd probably have never even left the S.H.I.E.L.D. facility they were keeping him at. The only person from S.H.I.E.L.D. who honestly seemed like they were at least putting in the honest effort to be nice was surprisingly Natasha, the agent who had been sent to collect him after Tony kept him out a little too long on their totally-not-a-date. After that incident she took him out to dinner a couple of times and breakfast once (because apparently, the accommodations on the average S.H.I.E.L.D. Quinjet didn't include in-flight meals on overnight flights.) and honestly, he didn't feel like S.H.I.E.L.D. asked her to do that.
"Trying to save it." Fury opened the file and handed it over to Steve. Once he got a look at what was inside the file, Steve paused for a second in shock before taking the file in both hands. On the top-right corner of the page was a photograph of the object that started it all; the reason Steve ended up on that plane and why he was forced to crash it into the ocean; the Tesseract. Steve hoped it had been lost forever and gone for good once it melted through the floor of the plane after killing the Red Skull, but it turned out he was not that fortunate. The image was in color and timestamped for May of the previous year. S.H.I.E.L.D. had the Tesseract and hadn't immediately destroyed it. Steve didn't like where this was going.
"We all were," Natasha asserted. "In one way or another, we all were." Bruce and Clint nodded in agreement to that.
"What'll it be?"
Annabeth Story was going about her morning routine. She had breakfast, showered, took her dog out for a walk around the neighborhood, and went out to her backyard to water the small tomato plant she had hanging from a metal hook along the back fence. It was the last thing she needed to do before heading off to work. She made it halfway across the yard before something blue and shiny on the back fence caught her attention. Putting her watering can down, she walked over and inspected it.
"Who are you?" the woman asked. "Why are you here?" Concise and to the point. Steve liked that. Better than stumbling over words and making the situation more awkward.
"Wait, what?" Tony looked up and scanned the room for the person who had just spoken. "What's this about security codes?"
"Yes, we do," Natasha said. "and I'm ordering you to stand down." Her voice was authoritative, and her eyes were hard.
"You too," Bruce called as she walked out the door.
"Then you haven't tried everything," she said. "Just trust me, those pills
"Alright then," Dr. Cranston said. "We don't have to dive right into it. We can take it slow." Tony raised an eyebrow at her phrasing but didn't say anything. "Don't worry. Like I said, first visits can be nerve-wracking. Talking to a stranger about everything that's bothering you is incredibly daunting. Would it help if maybe I told you a little about myself first?" Tony frowned.
She raised her gun at Knežević, but not fast enough. In that split-second, he reached out and grabbed Nina's forearm. Nina rushed to take a few steps backward, breaking the hold he had on her. Her eyes went to the spot where he had grabbed her, and she let out an ear-piercing scream. Duran's eyes widened with shock as Nina's arm slowly turned to stone.
"No signs the video has been edited in any way," JARVIS reported a few seconds later. "It appears to be authentic, Sir."
So yes, it was vital for me to show the other Avengers wanting to help, but not wanting to push Tony into doing anything he didn't want to do. At the same time, Tony needed to be receptive to the idea of getting help. I think he's getting there. I still don't think he's willing to admit that it's a problem yet, but I think the Avengers showing their support along with what Carol said to him will give him a push in the right direction. Though, he might need another small push or two to commit entirely. Until then, just knowing he has people who are willing to help and support him will probably be enough.
"Yes," he said. "But it's still a no-go. The tapes are in FBI custody…"
"Excuse me?" Bruce said.
"Phil, come in," Pepper greeted pleasantly while Lara got to her feet.
"None of us were expecting it," Clint said. "Loki was such a wild card. Even I didn't know…" Clint's breathing hitched; a clear sign that he was flashing back to when he was under Loki's mind control. Natasha squeezed her arms tighter around him. Eventually, Clint found his voice and was able to finish his sentence. "Even I didn't know what he was going to do from one moment to the next."
"So, would I," Tony said. "Unfortunately, they don't sell tickets, and even if they did Barton's not allowed to leave his room right now, so no heists are happening any time soon."
come fast enough – there was one thing she do right now. She just hoped Betty wouldn't be weirded out by the fact that she was texting her at nearly one in the morning. With another few seconds of calm breathing and stucco-gazing, Lara looked back down at her phone and tapped to reply to the message.
"As you wish."
"You're denying yourself comfort." Lara rubbed her arms. "And, judging by the temperature in here, warmth. If you were a baby chimpanzee, you'd be setting yourself up to become a sociopath."
"But you still can't help it." Steve winced as Rhodey hit the nail right on the head.
"No, he couldn't have," Rhodes agreed to let out a sigh. "It still doesn't make it any easier to justify to yourself, especially when you now have all the information and hindsight."
"Early enough." He had hoped that would have been enough for her, but the hard look he was getting told him otherwise.
"I feel like if I fall asleep, I'll die." Steve blanched at the dark thought.
She'd oftentimes find herself in the middle of space with no idea of where she was going and equally clueless as to how she got there; or she'd wake up somewhere with no memory of the events of the day before. She did her best to keep track of dates, places, and how much time she lost on her display pad, but she could not be sure that even those records were fully accurate. The idea that she could be losing much bigger pieces of time sent shivers down her spine. So, she tried not to think about it too often. She had to keep faith in herself that she was truly being accurate, otherwise she was not sure what kind of madness she could spiral into.
"What the hell is all of this?" she questioned. "What happened?"
Bruce found a chair to hang the jacket off and turned around to find Betty already highly engrossed in studying the envelope. Stepping closer to her, he could see that she had shaken some of the powder out of the envelope and onto her gloved hand. Peering through the magnifying lenses, she was clearly trying to study the powder as best she could. Bruce knew it wasn't easy, though. The lenses couldn't get down to a microscopic level. They could show the powder in a bit more detail, but that was about it. Until they were given permission to remove the letter from the box, that was the best that could be done.
"I am indeed, Sir," the AI responded. More relief flooded through Tony. Finally, he was catching a break.
"Uh," he said. "I don't…"
"A lot," Romanoff tried to interject.
"We were worried, though. Why didn't you say anything?" Tony stared up at Steve as he placed a hand on his chest, as if ready to push Tony behind him at the first sign of danger.
"Tell you what, Stark," Fury said. "If you give us the files willingly, you can talk to him when he wakes up. Ask him any question you want, figure out if he's the real Steve Rogers. Do we have a deal?"
"I feel like my skull's been cracked open," he said. "And I just went on a three-hour tour of the harbor that went haywire, but I can still say that I'm better than I was twenty-four hours ago."
"Alright, Conroy," he said. "Go to my office and pull up what the media is saying. If we are going to think up a story, we might as well find out what they already think happened."
The talk of stocks easily transitioned to the public's perception of Stark Industries as a brand. Given the co-dependent relationship the two topics had, it was only natural. Everyone seemed to have their own opinion on that, most of which Tony found to be negative. Noticeably, though, they all had a similar origin point, that being the company's ties to this new "Avengers project."
That was until JARVIS had to speak up.
Currently, she was heading back up to Tony's room to let him know that she had gotten off the phone with Col. Rhodes, who was being held up in Kuwait now but was going to visit him as soon as he was back on U.S. soil. She felt bad for the guy, but at least his visit would cheer Tony up. That's what she told herself as she tried to suppress a yawn. She also needed to be heading out. It was a long day and tomorrow was promising to be even longer. She wished she could stay a bit longer, but her eyes were growing heavier with each passing second. Pepper knew if she didn't get on the road now, she'd be liable to pass out behind the wheel and start a forty-two-car pile-up.
"Agent Romanoff," he said.
"She could have you arrested," Steve pointed out. "Or worse, have you thrown in an asylum!"
"Just get off the plane and walk forward," he said. "Happy is right over there with the car." Tony pointed over to a white sports car that was parked nearby, and Steve started going down the steps, walking them towards it.
"Why are you telling me all of this?" he asked. "Shouldn't you be taking these concerns to Hill or Fury? They're the ones who know her."
"So, how was your assessment? Are you ready to take the next step on the journey?" Lara wanted to take a step back but was afraid it would lead to another and another until she was eventually backed into a corner. She knew better than to allow that.
"That's not 'just a cold,'" she said. "You were completely out of breath. Do you feel okay? Does your chest hurt?"
"Though I must ask," Knežević said. "What is so interesting about Nina? Why did she make you stay?" Oswin laughed again but kept a genuine smile on her face as she responded.
Alright, now that we're done with our little detour, it's back to the main story! I appreciate everyone sticking with me as we take this little side route! Next chapter will focus more on Tony and Carol, so get exited!
"We'll have the band play something slow." He watched as those last few hundred feet to the ground raced past him. "I'd hate to step on your…"
"Hey." Steve punctuated his response by pressing another quick peck to Tony's lips. "How are you feeling."
"Geena Davis? Really?" Lara shrugged.
"Lucky Pizza Dog!" Lila exclaimed.
One would likely assume that if they destroyed an entire exposition center, putting at risk the lives of tens of thousands – if not hundreds of thousands – of people in said exposition center and the area surrounding it, they would promptly be booted out of that city and be banned from ever returning. That is, in the unlikely scenario that they were somehow able to get away with not getting charged with some sort of federal/criminal offence and double unlikely if the city happened to be New York post-9/11. They also most certainly not be allowed to purchase land in that city and be granted the proper permits to start constructing the world's first self-sustaining skyscraper, but people tend to overlook these things when there's a certain number of zeroes behind the five in your total net worth.
"Oh," though the girl didn't sound that surprised. "Should I take notes?"
"I thought you said no one was infected." Natasha stopped dead in her tracks just before the door. She didn't give Sharpton the satisfaction of turning around to face her. Instead, she remained facing the door, which allowed anger to cross her face freely.
"Like what?" Tony inquired.
"Didn't she tell you?" Lara shook her head.
First and foremost, once he left the house, Tony asked JARVIS to find whatever he could on Vasyl Knežević. Apparently, the man had previously been arrested for possession of illegal explosive components and child endangerment (lovely) and was recently released. Now, he was suspected of murdering his children, sister-in-law, and about three dozen others. The only guess that Tony had now as to how he was able to pull all this off was that he had somehow enhanced himself using the chemicals he had stolen from Stark Industries. He could figure out the exact specifics later once the guy was locked away for good and Tony could once again think at a speed faster than four words-per-second. (Yeah, leaving the hospital wasn't the best idea, especially since JARVIS was giving him warnings that his temperature was rising back up into the danger zone.)
Despite how wonderful it was to wake up with his boyfriend beside him, Steve couldn't help but let his thoughts drift. They mostly consisted of concern for Tony, though. Honestly, he didn't know what to do or how to help him. It was clear that Tony's problems went beyond alcoholism and it wasn't as simple as stopping him from drinking. In all honesty, Steve wasn't even sure if his problems were even fixable. He hated the idea that Tony might be stuck this way, hurting himself forever, but that seemed like the only option compared to forcing him to behave the way others wanted him to, and Steve already knew that option wouldn't work out.
"I know you've had bad experiences," she said. "But they do have a lot of resources. They can help you figure out where to start."
Tony took a deep breath before explaining.
"In case you needed to kill me," Bruce finished for Fury. "But you can't. I know, I tried." Everyone stared at Bruce in shock. Tony felt his heart sink a little at that admission, reminding him of dark places. "I got low," Bruce explained. "I didn't see an end. So, I put a bullet in my mouth, and the other guy spit it out. So, I moved on. I focused on helping other people. I was good until you dragged me back into this freak show and put everyone here at risk." He then turned to look at Natasha. "You want to know my secret, Agent Romanoff? You want to know how I stay calm?" Both Fury and Natasha put their hands on their weapons.
"Nauseated," Tony said. "Definitely nauseated."
Carol Susan Jane Danvers was not an idiot. She knew something was wrong with her memory. It had been wrong for literally as far back as she could remember, which only happened to be up to certain fateful day in 1989. She had some memories from before then, but in all honesty, they did not feel "real" to her. It was like watching a movie with characters that all had the same names as people she knew in real life. Well, some of them. Others were so far gone that she had to wonder if they even existed.
"Oh, Betty," he said. "I didn't hear you coming."
"Yes, you have." Freeman continued to look indignant, causing Lara to roll her eyes again.
"We need to talk." Stark scoffed at that.
Lara sat there for several minutes puzzling over the problem. While she did, security officers continued to bustle about, following procedures to a T. Slowly, they started trickling out of the room to do their assigned duties. It wasn't until there was only one other person left in the room with her that someone finally caught that she wasn't moving.
"How so?" Clint asked.
"I don't want to hurt anyone and I'm not going to," he said. "I just want to talk to Lara."
"Right," Carol remarked as they came to a stop outside the women's restroom. There, Hill handed her a plain, white paper bag.
"No," he said. "Who the hell said that to you?"
"Please tell me you weren't lying about the fried egg sandwiches," was the first thing Lara said when she walked into the suite.
"Don't," Natasha said sharply. "Don't do that to yourself, Clint. This is Loki. This is monsters and magic, and nothing we were ever trained for."
Pepper pulled back and smiled at him, making Tony wonder what made him think that she would be mad in the first place. Sure, once he was better, she would probably give him a piece of her mind, but right now, he was vulnerable, and she wasn't one to kick someone while they were down. Pepper then moved on to Steve, whom she embraced as well. Tony noticed that she turned to whisper in Steve's ear, too. For a moment, Tony wondered what they were talking about before he dismissed it as none of his business.
"He's drunk," Smith stated. "There's nothing in his system other than alcohol."
"Yeah," Tony said. "Concerned enough to file a lawsuit without even talking to me about it, first?" That was his real problem with this. She went ahead and did something that concerned him without his input, especially when there was video evidence which could end up online.
It went on like that for another twenty minutes. Occasionally, there were statements that Lara would disagree with, but she mostly found herself agreeing. It was weird, though. The statements were very vague and when she thought about it, they could apply to anyone. It served to add to the ever-growing feeling that something wasn't right. Eventually, Carl finished the assessment and was able to conclude it right then and there.
"And what is Homeland Security doing?" Tony asked.
Hauling herself upwards, Natasha threw herself at the Chitauri that was controlling the vehicle. Landing on it's back, she saw that its body was wired into the controls of the bike. Not ideal, but she could work with that. Shoving her fingers into the soft part of its shell on its upper back, Natasha was able to apply enough pressure to get it to do what she wanted. She pressed down, digging her fingers into its left side to indicate that she wanted to go left.
"What about you?" Steve asked.
"A woman?"
"She's right, Clint," she declared. "V-E-C-T-O-R." Barton groaned as Lara stole another thirty-six points.
Thanks to Sweet_As_Suga for leaving kudos and FriedChickenNisha for leaving a comment on AO3! It really means a lot!
"She bit me! Look!" Steve held his hand up for Bucky to see. Sure enough, there was a bloody, crescent line starting from the space between his thumb and index finger down to the edge of his hand. Bucky once again said a word that would have gotten him in trouble if an adult was listening and ran back inside the building, screaming his sister's name. Steve got up off the ground and went inside as well. After all, he couldn't exactly leave those cuts wide open, ready to become infected.
"Sounds like it matches up with what we know," she said.
"I'm just asking," she said. "A simple no would have sufficed."
"After my mission to supervise Stark and assess his eligibility for the Avengers Initiative, I wrote a report," Natasha said. "The report detailed my concern for Stark's mental health. However, before it could get to Fury, a third party tampered with it and altered the results of my assessment of him."
"How does it look?" Pepper asked.
"What?"
"Tony?" Squeezing his eyes shut, Tony shook his head and forced an answer out of his mouth.
His plan was simple: touch as many people as he could until someone had the good enough sense to put a bullet in his brain. It was simple, but it worked for him. He did have specific people in mind that he wanted to take his vengeance on, but basically, anyone who got in his way wasn't going to be spared.
"I don't know how much help I can be," Steve said.
"Alright, but can you just give it here and let me do it?" Tony asked. "I don't want you accidentally calling someone." Pepper only gave him a disbelieving look.
"Finally," he snarked, making the crowd laugh. "I feel like I've been waiting all day. Come on, ask away."
"You said I could talk to him as soon as he woke up," Tony pointed out.
Knežević watched as Oswin sat cross-legged in the driver's seat, tapping away at the keyboard of a small laptop computer. When they were making plans for robbing the Stark Industries headquarters, Oswin had insisted that she go in alone. This obviously wasn't an option for Knežević as only he could identify which chemicals were the ones he needed. He didn't trust Oswin to do it. He didn't even think she could tell Acetate apart from Ammonia. However, Oswin had explained to him that there was a way that he could see everything she was doing inside the building without leaving the car. Knežević heard her out, but he was still skeptical.
"You sure?" he asked. "Because I can give you a blowie or a hand job faster than the time it would take for you to shower." Tony snorted.
"I told you to put safety gloves on," Tony defended.
"Agreed," Bergeron said. "But that wasn't what I was talking about."
"All of our current research projects are accounted for, but…" Griffith hesitated and swallowed. Pepper didn't release her gaze from him until he came out with it. "A great deal of pure chemical elements was taken from our storage locker."
Originally uploaded to FFN on 6/15/19.
"What do you mean?" Steve asked.
"I know," Stark said. "I know I can't avoid it."
"Are you sure?" Tony's eyebrows knitted together.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Look," Happy said. "I'm not any good with this 'feelings' mumbo-jumbo – that's why I've been sitting here like a deer in headlights the entire time – so believe me when I say we wouldn't be here if it wasn't in Tony's best interest."
"He's asleep, What's the worst he could do?"
"You went back, though," Lara pointed out. "Two years ago, you went back for her notes and you saw her again."
"I'm not surprised by that, given the conversation I had with the showrunner."
"No, more like this." Carol's hands and feet seemingly burst into flames before she began to hover about a foot or so in the air. Steve and Natasha looked on in shock while for Tony it was more of a sense of awe. He knew Carol could fly – he just saw her do so just mere minutes before – but all capabilities to process it could not do so at the time. Seeing her do it with no threat of immediate danger made him realize that yes, it was real. After a moment or two in the air, Carol released her powers and easily landed on the ground.
"And you just took it?" Steve asked Tony. "You didn't pay for it?" Tony tried to think back.
Remember kids, if you liked this chapter, hit that kudos button! If you're new here, hit that follow button, but with that said, of course, my name is Melinda Williams, you've just got your fill of Stony for today! I love your faces and I'll see you Monday!
"This is unprecedented," he said.
"No, there's not," she said. "There's also no need to grill me on past transgressions. They happened. I acknowledge they happened, and I take responsibility for my own actions. However, they have no bearing on why I'm here today, nor do they affect the job I'm here to do, but if you want to waste all of our valuable time bringing them up one-by-one in agonizing detail, go ahead. I'll be happy to answer them."
Originally posted to FFN on 1/15/21.
He was lying on his back, so he was facing the ceiling. He would change positions so he could see the doctor better, but the intubation made that impossible. As a result, he could only use the doctor's voice to try to discern what his reactions were, and Clint could hear changes in his tone with each answer. Wayne's voice grew more serious and concerned, which terrified Clint.
Remember kids, no matter how much you try to plan for life, it's just going to happen.
"Tell them I'm fine," he said. "I just don't want to talk to anybody right now."
"You weren't doing anything by pacing, either," Natasha pointed out.
"Oh-no," Lara said as seriously as she could with a puppy squirming in her arms. "You know the rules of nose goes, Steve."
The officer barely nodded before Lara was up and out of her seat. She didn't need to ask where it was because she already knew. She went back to her workplace after the fight happened. Right away, she called the police and an officer was dispatched to the New York Secret Service office. After that, she tried to call her younger brother, but couldn't reach him. There were other people she could call; her step-parents, her older brother, Todd, but they were respectively in Boston, France, and on assignment on Air Force One, so she couldn't expect them to immediately come rushing to her rescue. So, she had to go through all of this on her own, as usual.
"What do you mean?" Adoniram smirked.
"Hold on," she said. "I want to give you this." She held out a piece of paper, and Steve took it to pass to Tony. (The "no handing" rule didn't apply to boyfriends.) Looking at the piece of seashell stationery that had taken from the safe house, he saw a set of numbers written in blue ink. He instantly recognized them to be frequency waves.
"I'm sorry, Nick," Tony said turning the holographic screen around to reveal a schematic that was in the Phase Two file. It very clearly a weapon that looked very similar to the Hydra gun Steve had set down on the table. "What were you lying?" Fury's posture straightened, and his one eye was wide as he looked at the schematic.
Clint rolled onto his back and got a face-full of blacklight. He put a hand over his eyes to dampen the glare. Obviously, the black light wasn't terribly bright, but it was just enough to aggravate the headache forming in his congested cranium. On some level, he recognized the fact that he even felt sick at all wasn't a good sign, but at the same time he couldn't help but feel unimpressed.
in a red, white, and blue get-up with his shield by his side. I mean, who else could it be." Tony then remembered that the man was a S.H.I.E.L.D. agent trained to fool lie detectors. If he was lying, he wouldn't give any indication of it at all. "Look, I know it's hard to get your head around…"
He scooched forward so he could reach Steve's mouth better. As he leaned in, Tony watched as Steve shut his eyes and started to relax. As much as it delighted him to see Steve so ready and willing to give himself over to him, he could not go in for the kill just yet. Instead, his lips hovered tantalizingly close to Steve's allowing his hot breath to fan over both of their faces as he asked, "you promise to go right to sleep after this?"
"Because it could ruin your career," Tony pointed out. "Your marriage, your family…"
"To be better," Tony clarified. "To stop drinking, to go into recovery."
"You're going to hold that over me for the rest of my life, aren't you?"
"It'll always be enough," Tony assured.
"I won't," he assured. "Not unless you tell me to." Tony reflected that grin and placed a hand on Steve's shoulder, pulling it down his arm until he reached his hand and their fingers intertwined.
"Rogers." It was Lara's turn to raise her eyebrow.
"The authority to what?" Tony asked. "Tell a dying man the truth about his health?"
The car ride was tense. The ire between the Avengers and Freeman was palpable. The person sitting closest to him was Lara and she had made a point of scooching so far away from him that she was practically on top of Bruce. (Which Bruce, Tony astutely noticed, didn't seem to mind.) Barton kept glaring daggers at Freeman and everything in Romanoff's posture screamed that she was just barely holding herself back from launching herself through the limo's privacy shade and forcing the vehicle to turn around. Tony, meanwhile, stared straight ahead. With his hand in Steve's, he kept repeating the same mantra in his head.
(See the end of the chapter for
Heading into the security office, all they had to do was sign for the delivery and pay the delivery person. The security person assured them that they had inspected the food and found no signs of tampering. Despite that, Bruce couldn't shake the feeling that this was all security theater and the food hadn't been effectively checked. However, he quickly dismissed that thought as paranoia; a normal result of being targeted by terrorists.
"Go right ahead." Betty smiled.
The worst part was it wasn't over. Carol could feel it in her bones. Loki was only a precursor. The rest of the Black Order was bound to come back, and this time there would be no mercy. That was why she rushed to Avengers Tower. That's what she thought was happening. However, it turned out to be a false alarm, and while she should probably be angry about that, Carol was just relieved it wasn't time for round two. They were all safe.
"You know, I still don't know how to dance," he said instead.
"I'm looking forward to it," Laura said. "I'll see you soon?"
"No," she said. "Again, I don't think that she has malevolent intentions."
The mysterious Peoples Unity Church has caught the attention of the Avengers in the past couple of days. Unfortunately, this may not be the last they hear from them.
"Not a peep," Happy confirmed. "You think he's alright?"
"I didn't think it was right for Dr. Wayne to withhold that information from Agent Barton," she explained. "That's why I told you right away; you had the right to know. Dr. Wayne disagreed. He wanted to wait until we knew for sure that it was Ebola and H5N1. I tried to convince him otherwise, but since I'm only here to consult on
"He could and he probably would," Lara said. "He'd also probably pay off my sixty-four thousand dollars in medical debt if I asked him to, but I don't make it a habit to take advantage of people like that. That's also probably why I get stepped on all the time, but you know…"
"So, Mr. Stark, it's wonderful to see you again." Tony smiled and nodded as if he agreed with that statement and threw a quick "thank you" in there. "It's especially wonderful under these circumstances. Just a few months ago you helped form a superhero team and saved New York City from a hostile alien invasion of Earth. I'm sure the public has thousands of questions they want to be answered, but I think the biggest and most important one is who exactly are the Avengers?"
"I think I do."
Biting back the urge to be defiant, Oswin exited her cell and followed the agent down a long, narrow hallway. They came to a stop at a door almost at the end, and the agent opened it for her. Stepping inside, the door shut behind her and locked. No way out from here either. Looking straight ahead, she saw a man sitting behind a solid sheet of bulletproof glass. He was an older man with greying hair clothing indicated he worked for S.H.I.E.L.D. as well. Sitting down in the chair that was set in front of the panel, Oswin picked up the phone hanging on the wall and watched as the man did the same.
"You threw him out?" He turned to look at the concierge, who for the first time had something other than utter contempt on his face; fear and guilt.
his mind demanded to know as he fell to his knees, not even bothering to try to hold back the sobs that were now racking his body.
"You spent most of yesterday wasted." Tony gave her a hard look. After all, it's hard to deny something everyone knows is true. Lara looked away for a second to gather her thoughts before directing her gaze at Tony. "Look, I'm not going to make a big deal about this, but can you please just lay off the sauce today? I think we can all agree we don't need that headache on top of everything else."
"Okay," she said. "See you tomorrow."
to do it. Story of my life. It's sad, but true."
"Are you going to lay on top of me until I do?" Amusement colored Steve's voice, causing the corners of Tony's lips to rise upwards.
"I know," he said. "But if we want to help Tony, we've got to go."
"Alright," Lara said. "Well, I guess I'll see you tomorrow then! Bye, feel better!" Lara collected her things and was out the door in mere seconds. Rhodey followed closely behind her.
"There it is!" Tony pointed to a lot across the street. There were several limousines parked there, all of them indistinguishable to each other. Steve questioned how Tony could possibly know which one theirs was and that one-second distraction was all that was needed for mayhem to strike. Tony started to step out into the street, directly into the path of oncoming traffic.
was a Christmas movie. Apparently, Lara had a thing against watching Christmas movies between New Years and Thanksgiving (
Steve just wanted to get an update on the search for the Tesseract, nothing more, nothing less. Go in, ask Tony one question, and get out before the other man became annoyed by his mere presence once again, or vice versa. However, when he approached the door to the lab and saw through the window that Tony was poking Bruce with a metal stick, Steve couldn't let that go by without saying something.
"Steve and Tony already sunk that boat," Bruce pointed out. "What's one more person?" Lara couldn't argue with that.
Tony rolled his eyes. He offered Knežević the path of least resistance and if the man was fool enough not to take it, that wasn't his problem. Tony grabbed Knežević by the upper arm and hoisted him upwards. He was about to make some snarky, sarcastic remark when Knežević turned and twisted in his grip, placing the other hand on Tony's armor covered forearm.
"How do we do that?" Clint asked.
The sound of the payphone beeping jarred Carol out of her thoughts. She fed another quarter into the machine while keeping an eye on the scene playing out in front of her. The two robed men tried to leave their pamphlets on the counter, but the clerk wasn't having it. He tossed the pamphlets back into the men's faces, shouting at them to leave the store and to take their propaganda with them. The men complied with the former, but not the latter. They made a hasty exit, not even attempting to pick up the pamphlets strewn all over the floor. With an aggravated sigh, the clerk went ahead and did it himself.
"Where's a puppy?" Clint raised his eyebrows and Laura smiled.
"Well, yes," Pepper responded. "But that might be a gross oversimplification of it."
part of the day. Stark had no shoes or jacket. He did what most normal people would do in that situation."
"Thank you, Col. Rhodes," he said. Rhodes laughed.
"How do you know that?" Jessica's expression sobered. She looked Stark dead in the eyes.
The bags were carried off to an SUV waiting nearby. It wasn't the car they were going to be taking. That car drove by an SI employee and was meant to bring their luggage to the tower. The car they would be using was a Honda Odyssey. Tony couldn't remember his reasoning for buying it. Most likely, he purchased it on some impulse and forgot about it. However, it was a good thing that he did. It allowed all of them to move through the city without drawing the same amount of attention that a limo would (and did while they were in D.C.)
"I know I have to say I'm sorry," he said. "For yesterday, the day before, everything in between… But…" He frowned. "I can't. I mean I can say the words, but I feel like if I said them, they'd be meaningless."
"No, I haven't," Knežević asserted. "Everyone else has. That's why I need to do this. If I can create this formula…" He pulled a series of neatly folded papers out of his pants pocket. "…Then hopefully I can sell it and have the funds to get back on my feet."
"Hello?"
"Wait," Happy said. "You said he's a murderer, but he only
"It's not something you all need to know about," he said. "I didn't even need to know about it. I just overheard my mother talking about it with my Aunt Anne."
"Please and thank you," Tony said. "Mostly just please." Tony could see the edges of Steve's frown rise into a soft smile.
"Besides," Steve continued. "It's not like sending poison through the mail world work anyways. The Postal Service would catch something like that, right?" Tension filled the room as the other three Avengers hesitated to respond.
"I know she didn't mean it literally," Steve said. "But the message still got across."
Thank you to mammal for leaving kudos on AO3! It really means a lot! :)
Stark shook his head. Carol shrugged and popped a few pretzels in her mouth. They were good, though she usually preferred the bigger, softer pretzels to the smaller, crunchy, grocery store variety. However, she would take what she could get. She paused a moment afterward, letting herself consider what she was going to say before she said it.
"Hello, wife," he said. "Sorry to keep you waiting."
See! No one's dying! So you can't be too mad at me, right? Ehehehe...
"The kind that ruins nice lives." Slowly, Dr. Cranston nodded, but Tony had to wonder if she really understood what he was saying.
"The broken arrow has been located and the 0-8-4 has been retrieved. This bird is en-route to NYC. ETA: Two hours. Requesting immediate medical assistance upon arrival. Over."
Originally posted to FFN on 11/22/19.
"I'm going to get in contact with Fury," she said. "Find out an ETA for Stark. The rest of you can figure something out on your own." She then walked out of the suite to make her call. For a moment, everyone just silently stared at the door.
"Yeah," Rhodey said. "I do. I also know that if you were really that drunk and they wanted you gone, they should have taken you to the police station or the hospital; not throw you out on the street. Nothing you did could justify that. You understand that, right?"
"Of course, it did." Fury put his hand on Carol's shoulder. "Just take my advice, Cap. You can't help someone that doesn't want to be helped."
The woman going by the alias "Agent Duran" stared at the scene in front of her. Just days before she had walked through a neighborhood covered in explosive debris and coated in a thick layer of ruby and sapphire crystals. It had been one of the most inexplicably beautiful things she had ever seen. Now, she was looking at one of the most inexplicably horrifying ones.
"Honestly? Fun." Tony covered his mouth with his hand as he tried to suppress the urge to laugh. He could not tell if it was from disbelief or because he found Romanoff's remark funny.
He waited a minute or two to see if Tony would reply. He was doubtful he would and rightfully so as Tony had been texting him at one AM. He was probably either fast asleep or still so absorbed in whatever project that he was working on that he hadn't been to sleep yet. Steve hoped it was the former.
"I mean, sure," Tony said. "There had to be some level of expectation there, but I don't think it truly influenced our opinions of each other. We're on the same team, we work together, and we get along really well."
"I called in sick," Lara said. "Don't tell me how to live my life."
"But you don't want to do it yourself?"
"And you can do it," Steve said. "I know you can." Tony smiled for a moment, but it quickly faded back into a frown.
"Good." Tony could feel himself becoming more and more relaxed. "What about the armor? Is it still fully functional?"
"Yeah," Nina said. "She got out before the house went up. I thought the police knew about that."
"I think so?"
"That is true, that is true." Slowly, Rhodey's face started to grow more somber. "Seriously though, Tony, we're here for you no matter what. Even with all this bullshit, we're here. So please, stay with us." Tony nodded, albeit a bit reluctantly.
"No, it's okay." Steve took a burger from the bag and handed it back to Tony. "I'm fine with this."
"I had a bad feeling, Pepper," Lara said. "I should have listened to it and stayed with you."
"I'm afraid because we can never have a real relationship," he said.
Two rings…
"Stark Industries," the lightly accented voice said. "You've reached Lara Conroy. How can I help you?"
Something I forgot to put in that disclaimer in the beginning, but a section of this chapter is based on Robert Downey Jr.'s own words to a reporter who was pushing him too much in an interview, even quoting him directly at points. So yeah, credit to RDJ for that. Also, the next chapter is going to feature some of Scarlett Johansson's own words to a guy who was being sexist (and kind of a creep) towards her in an interview, so if I don't remember, credit to her, too!
"The nest is secure," Coulson said. A little bit more of the edge off Natasha's worry. "Lisa's got the entire place locked down and has the chicks ready to flee to the Annex if necessary. Agent M is on her way to babysit the property and keep watch for Barton or any suspicious persons who might show up there."
Remember kids, step by step, heart to heart, left, right, left, we all fall down like toy soldiers...
Although he did let the shock of the realization wash over him, Steve did not dwell on it. There were times and places to feel guilty and this was not one of them; not when his emotions were already so turbulent.
"Tony…"
To be fair, she did warn Tony of this when she first started working for him. Obviously, she wasn't going to be making falling asleep on the job a habit, but she had been warned that he was infamous for staying up all night working (usually in his lab) and in case she had to accompany him in one of these all-nighters, she thought he should be warned. Tony didn't take her as seriously as he probably should have because the very first time she drifted off while working late with him, he ended up waking her abruptly and she punched him in the chest. Luckily, he wasn't too hurt, and he even took the blame for it. (
"Rescue us?" Audrey questioned. "From what? Where's Auntie?"
"Oh, don't worry," he said. "I can be very
Obviously, it was more than a little shocking to get hit with a story like that right off the bat. To a normal Earthling, that sounded like something that could only happen in a
"But how does it have video?" Knežević asked. "That's the thing I don't understand."
"Why?" Steve said. "Is it not true?"
Immediately, Charles set to work writing down all his ideas. Ideas turned to tenants. Tenants turned to gospel. Gospel turned to structure. The structure turned to government. The government turned to faith; a faith that Charles himself didn't believe in but knew that thousands of weak-minded Americans would buy into easily.
"Okay," he said. "Let's talk about it now."
"Can't argue with that," he said wrapping his arms around Steve's shoulders. "Especially right now."
The first person Tony took notice of as he scanned the room was Pepper. She was beautiful in her light blue, sleeveless yet professional-looking dress and her hair curled to perfection. The thing that really brought the look together, though, was the none-too-pleased look on her face. Tony once again raised his guard as the red-head made her way over to him.
The automatic thought that popped into Clint's head was 'you did that to yourself,' but he quickly stamped it out. If something like that happened to him, he'd get tired of people telling him that it was his fault very quickly. So, he forced himself to stay quiet.
"Who showed you this power?" Thor asked as he approached. "Who controls the would-be king?"
"I'm not seeing any- Wait, there!" It sounded like she practically jumped with excitement. "Northwest corner of the building, first floor! There's a room marked 'chem. lab 1.'"
"It's not like it was something I wouldn't do again," she said. "Even if I was working counterfeiting at the time, I was still a Secret Service Agent. It was my duty to protect and I did just that."
"I suppose… I could… If I could read… Kree." Carol shrugged and turned off the display.
"It's this or nothing," Stark pointed out.
He moved at a fast-paced walk down four flights of stairs and out the main entrance to the parking lot. He didn't go farther than that. He just walked over to the first grass-barrier between parking sections and sat down.
Tony pulled back and watched Steve's eyelids flutter. It always took Steve a few moments to wake up, but once he did, he was awake and alert in an instant. His blue eye's met Tony's and a smile came across his face.
"Yeah," she said again, this time her voice had more of a cold tone to it. "I went out and did it as soon as Leonard proposed. I kind of want to distance myself from that…"
That didn't stop Steve's concern, though. For the first hour, Natasha sat staring out the window at the blackness of the night. Steve kept wanting to say something, but knew it was pointless to try to.
Tony had gotten about five floors down before he encountered anyone else on the stairs. It was a young couple – a man and a woman – and judging by their demeanor, they seemed to be a little inebriated as well. As Tony passed them, he heard the woman giggle.
"A few days." Tony winced at the way Steve's eyebrows raised in alarm. "It's mostly just been a headache, though. I haven't been throwing up the entire time." That didn't do anything to ease Steve's concern.
"My father's files?" His voice was too tired to properly convey the confusion and suspicion he was feeling. "Depends on which ones and why."
"Again, so?" Stark said. "Getting poisoned by a terrorist kind of mitigates mail fraud."
"It was mostly something to do," Steve said. "I couldn't go outside as much as I should have or wanted to. My mom had to work to support us. My friend, Bucky – my best friend – he came over to see me as much as he could, but a lot of times I was by myself. Drawing was a good, fun way to pass the time and I ended up getting pretty good at it. At least, according to Bucky and Peggy. I don't really think I'm
"Mr. Moss is right," he said. "Although I can advise you as to what to expect, I am unable to press actual criminal charges against Mr. Freeman or anyone else. That would be the job of the District Attorney's office, which you seem to be forgetting."
"You're probably right," he admitted. "I'll find an agent to transfer her to holding and we'll see if we can find space for her in Victorville."
"Aren't you supposed to be digging for my personal issues?" he asked. "Force me to talk about my 'daddy issues,' how I wasn't hugged enough as a child, and somehow twist it all into Gein-like desire to fuck my own mother?"
He could and he did trust Steve. It felt almost impossible not to. The way he said things with so much conviction always made people want to believe him, even if it was something impossible like a non-enhanced human being able to survive against an incurable biological weapon. (Seriously, a snowball had a better chance in Hell.) The way Steve said it just made Tony want to trust it and believe in it. The way Steve was looking at him also helped. One look into Steve's eyes could always make the corners of Tony's lips rise into a smile. It was an amazing feeling.
"Well, that's just fantastic," she said.
He did wonder for a moment, though, whether she'd be worth it to Natasha. When she initially brought out the knife, he wasn't worried. It was clearly just a threat. He didn't think she was going to do something. That was until Sharpton used that word. Then, the blade was at her throat.
"I'll keep you updated." Tony didn't feel he could trust that assurance, but that was probably the best he was going to get out of Hill, so he had to accept it."
He wasn't sure how long he struggled to breathe, but he was sure that it was too long. It felt like forever before the nurses ran into the room and started intubating him. When they finally did it, it came as such a huge relief. For a second, he could have sworn he saw the light at the end of the tunnel, but it faded away as soon as sweet, sweet oxygen flooded his lungs. He was aware of the nurses reading out stats and someone turning off the alarms, but he didn't feel his senses fully return to him until Dr. Wayne was already well into explaining what was going on.
Sealing the letter was the image of an upside-down triangle being trisected by a ring.
"Now what's going on over there?" Rhodey asked. "I just walked in the front door after two weeks of being out of the country and I get this text that you're going to do something stupid. Please tell me that no one stole your tech and now you have to go blow them up." Tony sighed and stepped over to a bench a few feet away.
Steve stared forward as he laid across the couch. He had almost dozed off a few times but managed to stay awake. He didn't want to miss it if Tony came back, so he forced his eyes to stay open.
"You haven't?" Cooper questioned. Clint shook his head.
Tony groaned.
Tony thought to himself, hoping that somehow, Steve would hear him.
"No," Clint dismissed.
"I don't know," Steve murmured. "I thought you would."
"It's nice to meet you, Mr. Stark."
Happy 101st birthday to Captain Steven Grant Rogers and Happy Fourth of July to all my fellow Americans!
"I'm sorry, what's going on here?" Annabeth's eyebrows knitted together in confusion. "Why do I need an alibi? Am I in trouble?"
By this point, Lara wasn't sure what time it was. She knew that the sun had set some time ago, but other than that she was clueless. After she had cleared Pepper's schedule, task after task had been passed down to her. It wasn't Pepper or her assistant's fault. They were getting bogged down with work, too. That kind of happens when the owner and public face of your company is suddenly hospitalized while your main headquarters is closed off to the public for decontamination purposes. As a result, Lara hadn't gotten a break in hours and technically it wasn't even a real break. She had talked to Bruce on the phone for five minutes and then went right back to work. She was just
After a few minutes, "Shoot to Thrill" started to play from Tony's cell phone. He tried not to get his hopes up, but as soon as he saw the overly long unknown number pop up on his caller ID, it was hard to quash those hopes. Fortunately, they proved to pay off as he heard Steve's voice on the other end of the line. Unfortunately, he hadn't been expecting the first words out of Steve's mouth to be "you're gay?"
"I have my sources," Fair said.
"Nothing much," he said. "Just thinking."
Remember kids, in 1492, Columbus got us all a day off school. (Happy Indigenous Peoples Day!)
"Yeah," he agreed. "This helps."
"I was wrong, Director," Steve said. "The world hasn't changed a bit."
"Sure," she said. "Where are they?"
"Alright," Tony said. "Just so you know, the plane lands in half an hour."
What the hell am I talking about? Well, I didn't know this when I scheduled the post date, but I am going out of state. I'm still going to have access to wi-fi, don't worry, but we're going to be spending most of today driving and I won't have access to my laptop. I am saving this chapter to the Doc Manager on FFN and use the app to try and post it and I'm really hoping that will work. As for AO3, I am going to be saving this as a draft and seeing if I can fenagle some way to post this from my phone. Hopefully it works!
"Fury did promise Stark that he could talk to Rogers as soon as he woke up." Coulson's reminder seemed to solidify her decision.
"Last night, Tony got upset with me," Steve said. "I'd say it was a fight, but he was completely drunk and didn't know what he was saying. Either way, he ended up locking himself in the bathroom. I waited in front of the door for him all night, but I fell asleep. He must have snuck out while I was asleep. Have you seen him?" Bruce shook his head.
"Hey," Steve said softly as he reached up to gently run a hand through Tony's hair.
Once the surprise had worn off, a surge of excitement raced through him. Again, Tony had enough sense not to do anything that could possibly expose their relationship, but he wasn't going to let his boyfriend go without a proper hello. In seconds, he made it to the second set of double doors and pushed them open with a flourish.
"Captain Rogers," he said. "Good to see you're awake. My name is Dr. Rory Fox. I'm the head medical practitioner at this facility."
"It's also known as diazepam," Dr. Fox explained. "It's a sedative used to treat anxiety and panic attacks. There was some concern that you might be agitated upon awakening. To compensate for your superior metabolism, we gave you a much higher dose than what the average person would receive, so if you feel any side effects – confusion, amnesia, ataxia – just let me know and we'll stop administering it to you."
That was until he tried to do it. As soon as he tried to break away from the crowd, the cops were on him and tried to herd him out the door with the others. When he refused two of the cops grabbed him under the arms, lifted him, and carried him out. Tony kicked and screamed, doing anything he could to break their grip on him. However, it was useless. The cops deposited him outside the hotel doors and ordered him to stay out. Predictably, Tony turned and tried to rush back in, but was pushed back by both the cops and the crowd. He tried to tell them that he really was staying there, but in the end, it didn't matter. The hotel wanted everyone involved with the party out, so he was getting kicked out. End of story.
"Col. Rhodes is making his approach to the Tower." Steve quickly jerked around to check the time on the alarm clock behind him. It was nearing eleven o'clock – a little over a full hour before Col. Rhodes was due to arrive.
"But how did they do it?" Stark asked. "What kind of tech did they use? What process? Did they ever explain it to you?" Clint lifted his head to rub the back of your neck.
The smell reminded him of the way that his clothes and sheets smelled when he was living at MIT and that (surprisingly) was the only time in his life that he could remember frequently sleeping through the night. (You know when he wasn't partying.) As such, he had the cleaning staff wash his pajamas and his blue blanket in the same cheap detergents and other laundry products he could remember stealing off Rhodey back then, hoping it would aid in his quest to stave off nightmares. Thus far he had mixed results, but he still wasn't willing to give up the ghost on that yet, especially when it smelled so good.
"Sorry," she apologized, but she didn't stop, slow her pace, or even attempt to take the dress back. Instead, she kept pushing forward with only one destination in mind: the exit.
"What's going on?" he asked.
"Arrested?" Tony questioned. "Why would I be…" Then it hit him in the face like a 2x4. "It was illegal to be gay in the 40's wasn't it?"
"No," he said. "Like I said, I just got out…"
"I'm sorry," he could hear the blonde girl say. "I know you have all sorts of important work to do, but I
"Okay," she affirmed as she opened her eyes and finally looked at him. Bruce gave her a reassuring smile before squeezing her shoulder and letting go.
Nina allowed Oswin to gently push her by the shoulders back into the house. Together, they navigated their way into the living room and stopped in front of the small, tan loveseat. Oswin motioned for Nina to sit down and she did as she was told.
"Okay." Glancing over his shoulder, Steve saw that Conroy was tapping away at a black device like the see-though one that Tony kept on his person. He wondered how safe it was to walk down stairs and play with that thing at the same time, but she seemed to manage it just fine. They were almost out the door before anyone spoke up again, and it just so happened to be Conroy. "Wait, West Hills Hospital? That's so far away! Isn't there somewhere closer?"
