Woah it's been a while....So I've been dedicating myself to finishing up the stories I left hanging. Apologies for any slight differences there may be, I'm doing my best and chugging along to the conclusion! This one will have one more chapter (I think) after the one you're about to read. Enjoy!
Cas shakes his head. “Now that the press knows I’m here? His hands are tied. Anything he could try to do to destroy my life would immediately end up in the papers and he knows it. He’s not stupid enough to risk his precious image. Come on, let’s go see if we can find Gabriel.”
“I’m doing no such thing. You’re all gravelly and warm. It’s very sexy.” He leans in, kissing Dean softly.
Cas nods, but seems unconvinced. “Is there a way I might clean up without ruining your work here? I feel…dirty.”
He snorts, rolling his eyes. “It was kind of obvious, Dean. He was purring in your lap all morning. Not very subtle, jerk.”
When the food is finished, Dean starts clearing the plates while I move to the sink. John gets up too, helping him clear the table. “So, dad, did you settle in okay?” Dean asks conversationally.
Cas follows his gaze, realizing for the first time that Dean hasn’t changed since last night, his clothes and hands still stained with Cas’ blood. There’s even a little streak of it up near his eyebrow where it must have rubbed off. “He’s right, Dean. Go take a shower. I’ll be fine for a little while.”
“Well…I suppose I can try,” I answer. Cautiously, I lean into his side, my head falling under his collarbone. The steady beat of his heart under my cheek is oddly comforting, and a soft sigh escapes me.
I sigh. “Well we can’t let him know that. He needs us. Actually, he needs you. I have a feeling he’s not going to like this, and you’re the only one who might be able to keep him calm.”
“Don’t be,” I answer, leaning forward and kissing him softly again. Though he’s surprised, he responds eagerly, his wings starting to flap a little behind him.
“Cas, I...fuck, I’m sorry. I was so concerned with trying to hide it that I didn’t realize...I’ve been putting you through hell, haven’t I?”
John nods slightly, his eyes narrowing when they land on Gabriel, who’s doing his best not to growl at him. “Boys...come over here,” he says suddenly.
Dean nodded, biting his lip. “Yeah. I...kind of have for a long time. At first I thought it was just that you were nice to me, you know, but…I’ve never felt like this before. And it’s fucking terrifying, and I didn’t want to tell you because I didn’t want to make things weird or hurt you. And I know you don’t feel like that, and that’s okay, really. I get it. I just...wanted you to know because it’s…not going away. So if you want me to leave, I’ll...figure something out, it’s fine...”
“Something like that,” I answer softly. “A lot of angels don’t look hard enough to see it. They only see the war and evil that is present in your world. But you also have love, and affection, and beauty. So, no. I didn’t find it boring.”
Dean smiles at that, brushing his hair back lightly. “Good. I’m not going to hurt you. I want you to relax and breathe.” His fingers continue to press into his back until Cas recaptures his relaxed state. “Look at me, Cas,” he murmurs. His fingers slip lower again to circle at the puckered flesh, and this time he doesn’t pull away when Cas tenses, just continues circling and holds his gaze calmly until he takes a breath and relaxes again. “Good boy,” he murmurs, and something warm spreads through Cas’ chest at the pride in the words. “How do you feel now?”
When he starts to quiet, Cas starts up the rocking motion again, hoping it soothes Dean’s trembling a little. “I’m s-sorry, shit, I’m so sorry…” the man breathes, still unable to release his hold on Cas’ shirt.
“Maybe that’s not the case,” Cas says gently. “Your father was intoxicated more often than not. His alcoholism could have damaged his brain. Or it could be something about however he came back that’s blocking his memories. What was his reaction, when you told him?”
Free from the threat of the Empty, Dean allowed the fear to wash over him for the first time, clutching the man tighter as he started to shake. “I-I don’t...I don’t know...shit, what if I fucked up, what if I hurt him?”
“Okay,” Cas says gently. “We don’t have to talk about that right now. Take some deep breaths. You let me know when you’re ready to continue.”
He shakes his head at me. “I’ll make you a deal. You can sleep a little longer while I go take a shower, and then I’m going to make you breakfast.” I grumble about it, but nod, reluctantly detangling myself and slipping into the warm imprint of his body as soon as he slips out of bed. He laughs, leaning down to kiss my temple softly. “I’ll be right back.”
The angel shrugged. “Now that I’m living on earth, I’ve been researching things, and I’ve found human conceptions of gender and sexuality to be fascinating. I used to think the human experience was so limited, but there’s such variation. It’s very interesting. And I...I just thought it might be fun, that’s all.” He paused for a moment before standing up and clearing his plate. “Excuse me.” There was something pained in his voice before he disappeared down the hallway, and Dean frowned, but didn’t go after him, choosing to ignore Sam’s glares as they cleaned up.
I can’t resist glancing over to John to gage his reaction, and though it’s clear he’s taking notice, he doesn’t look angry yet. When Dean takes a deep breath and takes my hand on top of the table he looks shocked, but doesn’t comment on it. In fact, though he still eyes Gabriel and I cautiously, he stays surprisingly quiet through the rest of dinner, and gradually Dean and Sam start to relax.
He doesn’t like reducing it to that, but he knows it’s what Dean needs to hear to settle himself again. And the hunter is already nodding along. “Y-Yours...”
Something fuzzy under my arm catches my attention, and I frown, pulling a small, stuffed elephant out from under the sheets. “What’s this?”
Cas knows he’s screaming, but he can’t seem to control any part of his body, and he’s also too preoccupied to care. He comes back slowly, feeling the soft kisses and murmured praise being pressed into his skin. He manages a groan, still shaky and twitching occasionally at the aftershocks. Dean chuckles, holding him close. “You’re so beautiful, you know that?”
Cas hesitates. “I’m not exactly supposed to talk about it, but…” He takes in my expression for a moment, his thumb brushing lightly along my cheek. “I suppose I can make an exception. I may have…stumbled upon her heaven once, long before I ever met you.”
Dean chuckles, sitting down and pulling him into the adjacent chair. “You’d be surprised how quickly you get tired of take-out. So, you wanna tell me what happened?” He listens patiently as Cas recounts the details of his day, keeping their fingers locked and lightly stroking Cas’ palm with his thumb. “Wow, it really wasn’t your day, huh?”
He looks up nervously, waiting for my reaction, and I smile, gently pulling him up. “You’re sure?” He nods. “Okay. Then I have something for you too.” I reach into my pocket, pulling out a small box of my own and showing it to him. He reaches out, lightly running his finger over the small engraving of wings. “I’ve been…researching your traditions,” I murmur.
The next morning, Dean insists on dragging his elephant to the table to eat breakfast. While he and Gabriel are occupied, Sam motions me into the next room. “How did everything go?” he asks quietly.
Dean hums in approval. “I do love playing with it. It’s so pretty, the way it reacts to me…” Cas only mewls in response. Despite his recent orgasm, it isn’t long before Cas starts to writhe in his bonds again. “So pretty for me,” Dean murmurs, nuzzling between his shoulder blades. “Gonna cum on my fingers, aren’t you? Get you nice and open for me…tease this greedy hole until it’ll take anything I want, huh?”
Slowly, one eye opens, then the other, and he hesitantly looks down at his chest. “Oh.” He runs his fingers lightly over the red mark left over from the wound. “I thought it would be worse. You really did know what you were doing?”
"Be safe you two! Use protection!" Dean teases, laughing as Cas pulls him out the door. "What? They're adorable!"
He shakes his head, leaning up to kiss me again. “Trust me, Dean. Please?” The Goddamn puppy eyes have me nodding before I realize what I’m agreeing to, and he smiles, watching me as I drop my shirt next to his. His fingers slip to my waist, looking up questioningly. I take a deep breath before nodding again, stepping out of my sleep pants when he shoves them down. Grinning, he turns away, climbing into the tub and facing the opposite wall. “I’m not looking,” he adds after a minute.
Cas nods, kissing his cheek softly as they both sit down again. “It’s okay, I understand. It’s terrible that there’s still people like that out there. But we don’t have to let them get to us. Not today, at least.”
Sam considers it for a moment, leaning into Gabriel slightly. “No, I think you’re right. It’s stupid to pretend like things are different just to make him happy. Honestly, I don’t really care if he’s happy. If you’re going to do it...I might as well too. Rip the band-aid off all at once, right? I don’t want to hide either. Plus, it’ll probably be a little less terrifying if we do it together...”
“Please do. Now, I’m thinking mac and cheese for lunch. It’s been a while, but I think I can handle it.”
Lightly, I stroke his cheek, feeling him take a breath as his eyes flutter open, the spark of Grace in them stronger now. I watch him for a moment, worried, before he grins, pulling me down to kiss me softly. “Fuck Cas,” he manages, laughing breathlessly. “You didn’t tell me it was going to be like that.”
“The first person who called me that,” he explains, looking away. “Said no son of his was going to be a fag. He was drunk, and we argued, and it got physical. Sammy was off at college by then, and I’d only stayed for him. So I left. I went to live with my Uncle Bobby for a while. I guess that’s why I get so mad about it.”
He chokes back a whimper as Dean’s mouth returns, trying desperately to hold on, to please Dean, but it isn’t long before he’s begging again. “Dean!”
Dean grins back. “Alright then. Let’s go see if we can find them.” He tugs at the leash again, pulling him down the walkway to the end, where a large white door sits beside long panels of mirrors. When he opens it, Cas is surprised at how much brighter it is than downstairs, and from this side the mirrors are windows that show the scene below. Four couples are seated around a low table, and they smile when Dean walks in. As soon as the door shuts the noise from downstairs fades almost completely, and Cas relaxes slightly in the quiet, recognizing Benny as he stands up to greet them.
I chuckle. “You’re sweating, Cas. And you’re not having a heart attack. You’re just nervous. I have something that might help.” I pull a bottle out from the drawer, setting it down on the nightstand.
“No, you can tell her whatever you want,” Dean assures him. “I just didn’t want to say anything you didn’t want me to.”
Dean moves to obey immediately, uncoordinated and off-kilter as he struggles for a moment to free himself from his jeans and boxers. When he looks up Cas has moved to the dresser, and he groans as the angel turns, smirking, and holds up a pair of panties, smooth satin with a lace band. He thought his face had been flaming before, but now Dean is pretty sure it matches the bright pink of the fabric Cas tosses at him. “Put them on, then hands and knees on the bed.” Dean nods, hands shaking slightly as he slowly pulls the panties up, then kneels, dropping his chest to the bed and arching his back the way Cas likes him. “Very good boy,” the angel murmurs, walking over slowly to run a light hand down his spine, chuckling at the hunter’s shiver. “Hands out in front.” He picks up the forgotten blue tie, pressing Dean’s palms against each other so the fingers interlock and then binding his wrists together before shifting back behind him, running his palms firmly over the pink panties. “You look so pretty in these,” he hums, planting soft kisses along the lacy waist, then tugging them down to rest just under Dean’s ass.
“Please…” Cas breathes, a slight whine coloring the words. Dean smiles, beginning to map his body with his fingers and lips, waiting until he feels Cas relax under his touch before gently prodding at his entrance. He hears the quiet gasp, grinning as he gently works one finger into him. "Don’t worry baby,” he murmurs in response to Cas’ whimper. “I’m not going to open you up too much. Not yet, anyway. Ready to get started?” Cas nods eagerly, jolting in his bonds when he feels the sudden cold against his skin. It circles around his nipples before trailing down to drip along his thighs. “Guesses?”
It’s quiet for a while before I remember something. “Hey Cas?” I ask, pulling back a little. “What were you doing downstairs before? I heard you going up and down all morning.”
So, there you go. Feel free to leave me a review here, and to find me over at thesongsmithtumbles.tumblr.com . We can talk about my stories, or any ideas/prompts you may have, or about life in general. I'm very nice, I promise! I'm also thinking about doing a series of oneshots based on character/ship + phobia prompts, so if you have anything you'd like to see from that, please let me know!
I sigh, releasing him, but he doesn’t move away this time. “Cas, I’m not mad at you. It’s fine. I like being around you too. It probably feels kind of different to you, and I know you’re not used to it, but it’s alright.”
****Quick shout-out to Why_do_you_want_to_know, who reviews literally every chapter of this thing. I look forward to it every time I post a new chapter, and it really motivates me to keep going! So thank you, you lovely person <3****
“I saw,” he murmurs. “Your expression went back and forth so many times. I was only a few feet away. I wanted to see how you’d react. Some people are fine at first, but after a minute they freak and want out.  I would have let you out, if you’d asked.”
He nods, and slowly his breathing evens out. After a minute he looks up at me. “I liked that experiment,” he murmurs, his voice still rougher than usual. “I think we need to repeat it more often.”
“You know how they say I work in mysterious ways?” God asks. Dean nods. “That’s because I was never fond of answering the whys. Oh, and boys…” he grabs a piece of paper from the table, drawing a symbol on it. “You may want to get started painting these above the entrances. It’ll still keep others out, but it will allow Castiel to come and go as he pleases. As for you, Castiel, rest up. There’s a lot of work to be done, and I’ll need your help.”
When he wakes up a few hours later, he instinctively shakes out his feathers. “Cas?” he murmurs sleepily. He realizes mid-stretch that he has wings and glances back at them. “Guess that wasn’t a dream then.”
Sam looks up, surprised, his expression softening. “Well we’ve never really been ones for tradition. And yeah, we might not have a traditional family, but that doesn’t mean it’s a bad one. I’m happy. Are you?”
I feel a little bit of awe and gratitude leak through the link. “Thank you, Cas,” he murmurs. “Really. I don’t know what I’d do without you.”
Ezekiel chuckles. “I don’t see why it should. It’s not all that unusual for us. We’re happy that we could help.”
Gabriel nods before Sam pulls him down the hall. I glance towards the basement stairs, and Cas frowns. “No.”
“I’ve learned from the best,” he murmurs, running a hand through my hair. “And even if I’m wrong; even if he didn’t see your worth, I do. You are worthy, Dean, and that will not change. You have to remember that.”
Her expression shifts to one of amusement as Cas starts to snore lightly, glancing down at him. “Are you sure about that?”
Dean nodded, taking a deep breath as his nerves settled. “Thanks. I’ve thought about it for a long time, and...it is what I want. I don’t know what it’ll be like, but...I want to figure it out with you.” He paused, frowning for a moment. “You know...human life...it has its drawbacks, too. I mean, if you decide to stay human...it means you’ll be fragile. You can get sick, and hurt...It means you’ll die.”
After a minute they both sank down to the bed, still breathing hard, bodies loose and sated as Dean sprawled over Cas’ chest, listening to the thud of the heart under his cheek. He basked in the glow for what felt like a long time, cataloging the differences between now and what he’d remembered. The biggest difference was that Cas was still here under him, eyes closed, looking for all the world like he’d be content to lay here forever. He’d made no attempt to push Dean off, and instead seemed to be holding him close, one hand carding through his hair as the other traced nonsensical, swirling patterns over his back, an excuse to keep touching him. He hadn’t even bothered to pull out after he’d finished, and, if Dean’s hazy memory served, may have even pressed in deeper, as if he’d wanted to stay as close as he could for as long as possible. Dean found himself enjoying that thought, and the sensation of Cas’ cock slowly softening inside him was strangely satisfying. He felt blindly for the teeth marks on his shoulder, pressing down lightly, the dull pain telling him they would bruise and leave a mark, another thought he enjoyed. He pressed on the spot a little harder, remembering how Cas had claimed him in the last frenzied second before orgasm, and his spent cock twitched where it was trapped between them, making a valiant effort to express its approval. It hadn’t been the first time someone had claimed him that way. But it was the first time he’d actually wanted to be claimed; the first time that anyone claimed him as more than a hole to fuck or a toy to use. Cas was claiming all of him, and the knowledge that it was Dean who’d turned sweet, gentle, mild-mannered Cas into a dirty-talking and possessive version was equal parts funny and sexy. He laughed, softly at first, then gradually louder, and felt Cas’ chest rumble as he chuckled. “What’s so funny?”
He hesitates. “Honestly? I don’t know. I think so. Not because it was so great or glamorous or anything, but…It’s what I’ve always done. Since I was a little kid. I don’t think I know how to not do it. I figured I would just do it until my time was up. But then we found you, and…” I frown at that, and he sighs. “You know I don’t mean it like that. I didn’t stop doing something I like because of you. You just…you showed me something else that I like more. I really, really like being here with you, and Sam, and even Gabriel. Don’t tell him I said that. But…we’re a family now. I wouldn’t give that up for anything.”
Cas scanned his face for a moment before his expression softened, nodding. “Of course, sweetheart. Whatever you need.”
He’s getting ready to bite again when he’s suddenly pulled away. At first I think it’s the concussion I suspect I have from the terrible headache I’m getting, but then Cas appears. “Don’t touch what’s mine,” he growls, holding the vamp off the ground by his shirt collar. “I don’t like to share.” Suddenly, the vamp vaporizes, along with the one behind me, disappearing into a cloud of dust. Immediately, Cas softens. “Dean? Are you hurt?”
Smiling shyly, Cas opened the top of the box. Inside sat a black ring with a bright blue stripe, an unmistakable glow surrounding the band. “It took me so long to realize what had changed,” Cas continued. “I knew you were the righteous man, but...you were so much more than that. Once I’d saved you, gotten to know you...I didn’t feel broken anymore. My entire existence, I’d felt like...a puzzle piece that didn’t fit, no matter how you turned it. It wasn’t until I met you that I figured out I was just...trying to fit into the wrong puzzle. But with you, and Sam, down here...I found the place I fit. It was...shocking, and terrifying at first, but...I felt more at home with you in a run-down motel than I ever did in heaven. It turns out I was never broken. I just hadn’t found my missing piece yet. And I hope that I can give you...even half the comfort you’ve given me.”
“You’re right about that,” I murmur, kissing him softly. “Still, you were very brave, especially when it comes to revealing our relationship. I’m really proud of you.”
“Not usually,” Cas chuckles. “But you told me the burgers were good, and you strike me as someone who likes the classics. I take it I’m right? Because I don’t think I’m going to kiss you goodnight if you have raw fish eyeball breath.”
I nod. “Definitely weird. But he seems…okay.” He nods, getting into the car and starting the journey home. Cas stays quiet the entire ride, not saying another word even when he enters the bunker. “Cas?” I ask, worried, “Are you alright?”
In the morning, Dean wakes up to find Cas sprawled across his chest, pressed as close as possible. He chuckles, running his fingers lightly along his spine as he stirs. Cas purrs softly, blinking up at him. “Morning sweetheart,” Dean murmurs. He grins, leaning closer to kiss him softly. “I take it that means you’re feeling okay?”
The concerned little line between Sam’s eyebrows deepened as he took in the deep circles under Dean’s eyes and the way his fingers shook as he leafed through the pages. “Research for what? And when’s the last time you slept? Dean, we don’t have a case, and for the first time in...well, ever, things are actually okay...”
“Told you,” I chuckle, ruffling his hair lightly. “Once your brain learns how to handle it, it’s kinda cool.”
The protectiveness in the words sends an odd warmth through my chest. “It wasn’t their fault, Dean. You know how humans can get when things happen that they don’t understand. Angels aren’t all that different in that respect. It happened again when they went black, but then I knew better.”
Cas hummed softly. “I suppose you did. But...I didn’t tell you of my affection either. You got so angry at just the mention of it, I was worried you wouldn’t want me around anymore, if you knew how I really felt...”
There was a certain calm that spread through Dean on a hunt. Nerves could get you killed in his line of work, so he’d learned early on how to focus that energy differently, to let it sharpen his senses and relax his body as it settled over his shoulders like a blanket. Counter-intuitive as it may be, those were the only times he found himself relaxed, and he’d always enjoyed those moments, when he could forget everything else and his world narrowed down to the situation at hand. It wasn’t until he started playing with Cas, though, that he’d realized there were other ways to relax.
Dean swallows hard, a desperate whimper escaping him without his permission, because hearing the angel say it like that might be the hottest thing he’s ever heard. “Y-Yes C-Castiel...”
Dean opened the door carefully, surprised at the cheer that went up from the crowd below. Claire, Kaia, and Charlie were there, and so were Garth and Bess, and some of their friends from the apocalypse world. Dean couldn’t help but smile as he walked down the stairs, immediately being tackled by Charlie when he reached the bottom. “What are you doing here?” he asked, shocked.
Dean blushes slightly, grateful that the angel is facing away from him. “Yeah…yeah, that’s good.” He takes a deep breath before returning one hand to his scalp, moving the other around in front of him. “Okay if I take the tie off?”
All at once, the anger drained out of him, and Dean slumped over the table, his head in his hands. “Right before the Empty took him, he...he told me he loved me,” he explained, his voice barely above a whisper. “Like, really
The understanding dawns on me slowly, and for a minute all I can think to do is laugh as I process this turn of events. “I...you mean to tell me that you...big, powerful archangel, Trickster, eternal pain in my ass...you’re a sub?” I manage.
Sam hummed thoughtfully for a moment, then jumped up, grinning. “Actually, I think I know someone who might be able to help with that...We need to make a long-distance call.”
I roll my eyes at him before starting to dig through the drawers. “Excuse me if a full-grown naked man standing in the bathroom makes me a little uncomfortable.”
“If I had to take a wild guess, maybe it’s because any time anyone mentions anything about the LGBT+ community around you, you get all pissy and accuse them of trying to force you into something?”
I grin. “You know, you still have to try what I did the other day. You know, so we can determine the importance and whatnot?”
Cas nodded, smiling. “I’m glad. They like you too.” He reached over to the light, turning it off. “Night Dean.” Dean waited until the room was dark, then slipped closer. Cas didn’t mention it, just wrapped an arm around him and closed his eyes.
like this? Probably not since Mary, and it’s that thought that finally does it, the wall he’d put his emotions behind crumbling as they all rush back into him.
“I was talking to dad, and he...he doesn’t remember a lot of the stuff that happened when we were kids...”
Cas nods, closing his eyes and focusing on the gentle strokes of Dean’s hands. When the minute is up he’s carefully pulled to his feet. He gasps at the shift, gripping Dean’s arm tightly. “Dean…”
He snorts, shifting his hips, and I feel a distinct shape against my back. “I don’t think anything you’ve asked for is weird. I’ve rather enjoyed it so far. I hope you’ll let me do it again soon.” One of his hands slides lower, running nails lightly along my inner thigh where it spreads around his legs, and I shudder, hearing his soft intake of breath when I press back against his quickly growing erection. “You’re so beautiful, pet,” he murmurs, kissing my neck softly. “I intend to take full advantage of that gorgeous body for as long as you’ll let me.”
“Don’t sweat it, I’m glad I could help.” I pause, rubbing the back of my neck for a moment. “Uh, Cas, you know if you ever wanted to talk or something…I’m around, alright?” He watches me curiously for a minute, his head tilted to the side, before throwing his arms around my neck, hugging me tightly. I laugh, patting his back awkwardly. “Woah, hey, you’re welcome. That’s what family is for. You must be kinda bored in here. Want to go out to the living room and watch a movie?” He nods. “Alright. You need a hand getting there?” He shakes his head. “Okay. You go ahead and figure out what you want to watch. I’m just gonna find a shirt…” He looks at me for a minute, then shakes his head again, taking my hand and dragging me out to the living room. “…Or not. Is this your way of telling me you like me shirtless?” He doesn’t answer that, just sighs and snuggles up next to me on the couch, pulling a blanket over the both of us. It’s kind of sweet. We go through the movie choices, and Cas finally picks Star Wars. He settles back against my chest, sighing softly. “You know,” I chuckle, “You could still hear it through a shirt.” He looks up sheepishly, embarrassed at being caught. “Sammy used to do the same thing when he was scared,” I explain.
Gabriel laughs. “There’s the Dean I know and love...better run along now kiddo, think your boy toy is looking for you.”
Cas nods, kissing his nose lightly. “I’ve been thinking about how to go about this all day. You were so brave to come to me about this, to even consider it, and you trust me. I never want to make you feel unsafe when you put your faith in me so completely.”
Cas considers it for a moment, glancing around. “Why haven’t we been doing things in here?” he asks finally.
I shrug, motioning him closer and watching as he carefully sits down, leaving some space between us. “You seemed upset. I was concerned.”
He drives as quickly as he can, and Dean is nearly out of the car before it stops moving. When they give Sam’s name at the desk the woman motions them through a door. “He’s in surgery now,” she explains, leading them down a long hallway.
Cas smiles from his place against my side. “Good morning, John. There’s coffee in the kitchen, and cinnamon rolls if you’re hungry,” he says, ignoring dad’s discomfort.
Benny smiles. “I intend to.” He crouches down in front of Dean’s chair, watching him intently. “So, how are you doing?”
Weeeeee. Remember to review if you liked it, it makes me so happy to get those pretty little emails :D
“Bitch,” I hiss at his back. Cas sighs softly, nuzzling into my chest. “Don’t listen to him, Cas,” I murmur, holding him closer. “He’s just jealous.”
Cas nodded, taking his hand. “Okay. I’ll help you get your pajamas, and then you can get changed in our room.”
He nodded leaning into Cas’ side and forcing himself to take deep breaths, reminding himself of the skills he’d practiced with Meg to get through this. It can’t hurt him, he knew that, but sometimes it was hard to convince his brain of that. It was a little easier when he focused on the warmth of the people beside him; people he knew cared about him. “I think I’m okay,” he said after a minute.
Dean glances over his shoulder at him before turning back to the stove. “Yeah, figured we should eat before it gets late. Hope burgers are okay.” I can’t help but smile at the confidence in his tone, though I know he doesn’t feel quite as sure as he sounds.
I frown at him, gingerly picking up the tiny, shrieking creature and holding him out. “You’re kidding me.”
I look at Dean, surprised at how fearful our usually stoic friend is becoming. “Cas, it’s okay,” Dean murmurs. “You know we won’t hurt you.”
Cas considers it for a moment, then sinks down next to Dean’s chair, surprised at how comfortable it is. The table is set low enough that, even kneeling, he has full access to it, and it’s sort of reassuring. The woman settled in Benny’s lap smiles at him. “No need to be nervous,” she assures him. “We were all new once too. We’re family here. It’s nice to finally meet you, Castiel. I’ve heard all about you.”
Dean hesitated, but nodded slightly, not willing to upset the other man’s good mood. He attempted to help clean up, but Cas shoo’d him off gently and took their plates to the sink. When he finished he motioned Dean over to the couch, taking a seat on the floor to examine Dean’s feet. “How are you feeling? I’m sure you’re probably exhausted...”
I take a deep breath, steeling myself before walking into the bathroom. It does nothing against the slight smile Cas gives me from the tub. “Ready?” He gives a slight nod, his eyes closing as he relaxes against the back of the tub. His head tips back when I rub gently along his collarbone, making a soft sound that goes straight to my cock. Thankful that his eyes are closed, I shift uncomfortably, cleaning gently around his still-healing throat. He groans softly, and I grip the edge of the tub.
“No, it’s fine,” Cas smiles. “It’s been a while since I’ve taken a break anyway. I’m glad you’re here. There’s food in the kitchen if you’re hungry.”
“I don’t know,” Cas shrugs. “But you should go answer it. I’ll finish getting dressed.” Dean nods, walking out into the living room and opening the door.
I take a minute to catch my breath, swallowing as I look up into his patient gaze. “Permission to speak?” I murmur. He nods. “I understand your lesson. I want it too. But I…I think I need your help, to let go. Please.”
“Hmm? No. Go ahead,” he murmurs, flipping through a book. Dean reaches for the remote, making sure the volume is low before finding a football game on TV. He strokes absently through Cas’ hair as he watches, listening to the soft clicks of the keyboard. He tries to stay quiet and unobtrusive, but towards the end of the game it becomes much harder. When his team pulls ahead in the final few minutes he jumps up and cheers. Suddenly he remembers where he is, and he turns to apologize only to find Cas in a hysterical fit of giggles. “I’m sorry,” he chokes out. “I just wasn’t expecting…” he’s laughing too hard to finish, and soon Dean is laughing too.
Cas nods, carefully setting the collar down before climbing into bed and pressing up against Dean’s chest. “I’m really glad you’re here,” he whispers, sighing softly.
“An uncharted island in the tropics,” I answer. He stares at me for a moment, and I flush. “I wanted us to have a place for ourselves.”
Every sensation, every emotion slowly faded, until one day he’d realized that he had trouble remembering the last time he really felt something, and he knew that should scare him, but it didn’t anymore. He’d stopped taking cases, and started spending his days locked in motel rooms, losing time while he listens to his list of failures on repeat in his head. In the beginning, he’d cringed at the words; screamed, trying to cover them up. Now he just listens.
I frown at the sudden change. “Are you…certain? I won’t do it again if you don’t approve. I was just…experimenting.”
Dean nodded, swallowing hard and leaning into her touch slightly as he wrestled his panicked breathing back under his control. “Thanks...sorry, I...I think I’ll feel better once he’s awake...”
Dean glances up at that, frowning. “Well, sure, but you know it’s only a matter of time before they need you again. They always need you.”
He squats down in front of me, waiting until I meet his gaze before reaching out, his hand wrapping around my shaft. He watches me curiously for a moment as I force myself to keep breathing evenly, watching the tip of the crop draw patterns over my skin. He starts a slow stroking, punctuated with sharp strikes from the crop, and the mixture is intoxicating. I finally understand what he’s trying to do, because my brain is too cloudy and confused to keep up the stoic mask, and before I know what I’m doing I’ve thrown my head back, keening loudly in rhythm with his motions. He kisses and bites at my exposed throat, his hand speeding up just slightly. “That’s it, Dean. Just let go.”
“Are you sure you want to do this?” Rowena asked, her hands hovering over various bowls of ingredients for the spell. “The Empty is an old and powerful thing, and from what I hear it’s angry. Just because it isn’t supposed to keep human souls doesn’t mean it won’t try. And it won’t be happy with you for waltzing right in. Not to mention that this plan is a hypothesis at best. We don’t know that it will work.”
Cas snuggles closer, his grip tightening slightly. “Love you, Dean,” he murmurs, opening one eye and glancing up at him.
“We didn’t,” he answers. “Hence my surprise at your appearance. I guess it just wore off. I don’t know if Gabriel’s changed back yet too.”
Cas nods, kissing my cheek. “Of course, Dean,” he smiles. “We can go home whenever you’re ready. And we can always come back, whenever you want.”
Dean grins, his arm around me tightening. “You’re a natural. Okay, so kid acts out, has to go to the principal’s office and they call the parents…the witch does some mojo and turns them into kids? Why would the parents be punished instead of the kids?”
Charlie hummed. “Well, I’d suggest you figure something out. He’s starting to trust you, Cas. That’s a really good thing. Something tells me he’s not going to lay down on a couch and start spilling all his secrets to some stranger. You’re the closest thing he has to a friend right now, so if he says anything, it’ll be to you. I know you can do this.”
After a few minutes his breaths even out, and Dean is pretty sure that he’s fallen asleep, though he can’t bring himself to find out for sure for fear of disturbing this fragile moment, even when soft footsteps come closer. Sam only hesitates for a brief moment, an unreadable expression crossing his face as he notices their position, before sitting down across from them. “Hey. He okay?” he asks softly.
Cas gasped, gently tugging him up until Dean’s face came into view, red and tear-streaked. “You...you’re serious?”
“I know,” Cas answers. He smiles, knowing that he’s already won this battle, but allowing Dean his time to process it. “I was there.”
I smile, using my free hand to stroke lightly through his hair in rhythm with the hand in his feathers. He lets out a soft moan, and I can’t help but chuckle at the idea that his wings are trying to make up for causing him so much pain and fear earlier; trying to show him that they’re on his side. I probe lightly around the link, searching carefully for any pain or hesitation, but don’t find any. “How are they feeling now?” I ask.
“So I’ve noticed,” I mumble into the pillow. “You know, I’ve been with a lot of girls, but I’ve never met anyone like you.”
Finally, he cracks a smile, kissing me softly. “I think I can manage that. Bowie?” I nod, and he pulls me closer, kissing me hard before turning and walking away. I stand there for a minute, shocked. “Are you coming or not?”
Cas stares at me for a while before the understand dawns on him. “This is about you,” he says softly. “You still don’t believe I could be happy with you.” I don’t answer, looking away from him. He stays quiet for a little while before standing up. I flinch, sure he’s angry until a gentle hand settles on my shoulder. “Go take a shower, Dean.”
"But you don't want to freak out," Dean finishes, nodding. "I understand. Why don't we work up to it? We can have the whole group over one night, and then if you enjoy that, we can perform at the club on Saturday. That way if the audience thing freaks you out, it'll just be in front of our friends, and not in front of a whole crowd."
I frown, lifting his chin until he reluctantly looks at me, sniffling. I gently wipe the remaining wetness from his face before kissing him softly. “You know you don’t have to apologize.”
“I’m glad too,” he answers, smiling as Cas shifts closer. “That’s all I want.” He glances down at her shirt, noticing the Death Star printed on it. “Star wars fan?”
I have to think about how to answer that. “I’m...not really picky,” I say finally. “Is that a problem?”
He felt Cas take a shuddery breath, fingers twisting into his flannel shirt as he clung onto the human tightly. “D-Dean...?”
With Sam out on a run and Cas holed up in the library, I take some time to clean things up and give Baby a tune-up before I get bored. I go to the library, finding Cas curled up in a chair. He doesn’t seem to notice me, so I sneak up behind him, wrapping my arms around his shoulders. He glances up, almost admonishing, and I laugh. “Why so serious, baby?” I chuckle, kissing the back of his neck softly. “It’s not my fault you’re looking like a sexy librarian.” His eyes flutter closed as I continue kissing along his shoulder.
“Don’t ever say that,” Cas growled. Dean jumped slightly, nervous at the angry tone in his voice. “Dean, what happened to you was a terrible, awful thing, but it doesn’t make you dirty, or a whore, or anything else. You were put in an awful situation, and you survived. That’s something special.” He sighed, shaking his head. “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to scare you. I just...I don’t want you to think badly about yourself because of things you had no control over. I certainly don’t.”
I nod, making both of our clothes disappear, and he grins. “Don’t forget you have to-” I start. He cuts me off with a rough kiss, then holds up the bottle of lube I purchased. “I know, Cas. You’re not the only one who can do research.” I smile at the idea of Dean researching this, but none of my research could prepare me for the feeling of being filled by him, at which point the attempt at being quiet is completely forgotten and a long stream of Enochian escapes me. Dean looks down at me, partly elated and partly worried. “Cas? Are you alright?” he asks softly.
Please remember to leave me a review if you liked it, I love hearing from you! I promise I'll try to remember the updating thing!
I nod, hugging him closer. “Are you sure that you’re ready to open up that can of worms? If it goes bad, I can imagine his reaction might not be...civil. I don’t want you to get hurt.”
Dean nodded. “Well, that’s sort of the thing. I love being here. I do. You’ve done so much for me. And I’m so grateful for that. I just feel like I’m this...drain on your life. You’re just always doing stuff for me, and I can never give anything back to you. I don’t want to be that way. I was thinking maybe I should…go.”
My hand finds the edge of his arm where it rests over my chest, and I grip it hard as I squeeze my eyes shut, trying to stay focused on the warmth pressed against my back. “O-Okay…”
He chuckles softly. “No, actually I think I’m okay for now.” He hums softly as I run my fingers through the ends of his feathers. “You been doing that the whole time?” he asks, voice rough with sleep.
Dean shushes him softly, stroking his free hand up the back of Cas’ thigh. “Deep breaths, baby. Can you tell me what your safeword is?”
I nod slowly, thinking about this. “I guess that makes sense. When I was in trouble, my soul grabbed onto you. Now that you’ve been hurt, your Grace wants to hang onto me.”
He shrugs. “Yeah, I think he should be okay. I think he’ll just need some help for a while. He’s not used to being powerless, and he’s never needed to rely on other people. It won’t be easy, but he’ll be okay. We’ll just have to be here for him.”
I smile, kissing his cheek. “It’s just…you smell like him. It’s wrong. It’s an angel thing,” I add in response to his puzzled look.
Gabriel nods, raising his hand toward the witch, but nothing happens, and he frowns. “I don’t understand…”
Cas shrugs. “Karael is prideful. He’ll want to show his power to his followers. And a head-on fight is much easier than trying to sneak in. We just have to find a way to announce ourselves.”
There are gentle hands on his shoulders, pulling him back towards the room, and he fights them for a moment before he recognizes Andrea’s voice urging him to sit and telling the others to back away. He can’t tear his eyes away from Dean until a large form steps in front of him, blocking his view of the door. “You gotta calm down, Cas,” Benny says calmly. “We’re going to handle it. Now, I’m going to call security and help Dean, and I want you to sit here with Andrea and just breathe. Can you do that for me?”
I smile, pulling his shirt over his head as his fingers fumble with the buttons of mine, his lips teasing along my neck. As he straddles my waist. I sigh softly, leaning down to kiss his shoulder. “Dean…”
A sliver of panic leaks into his voice. “I can’t. He’s afraid, he doesn’t want to go, and I can’t force him. Someone did this to him, and I couldn’t stop it, and I don’t know…Please, Benny. I need your help. I can’t do this by myself.”
He laughs. “It is, I’m not judging you. I’m just…surprised. With all the times you’ve been held at knifepoint, I didn’t think you’d have much interest.”
Cas’ smile widened, tugging Dean into a kiss. “Love you too...so much. You sure you want to keep going?”
I shake my head quickly. “I don’t know, but I don’t really want to remember anything else right now.”
“It was interesting. I don’t usually get to see it from that perspective. And Benny had a lot of insight about things.” Dean makes an interested sound, taking another bite of his sandwich. “So, I talked to Benny about his party,” Cas says slowly.
He was cut off when the angel pressed their lips together again, kissing him hard. “Don’t you dare finish that sentence,” Cas murmured when he pulled back, and Dean couldn’t help but laugh at how serious it sounded in that familiar, gravely tone.
Raphael frowns, but his expression remains smooth for the cameras. “Of course not.” He turns to glare at Dean. “We are delighted that you could share in this special occasion with us. A pleasure.” He reluctantly offers his hand, which Dean squeezes maybe a little too tightly.
Cas nods. “Thank you. Both of you,” he murmurs, his eyelids drooping tiredly. “I...I’m really glad that you consider me a part of your family.”
It doesn’t take much convincing before I agree, curling up against him. “Okay. I can do that.” He nods, carefully leaning back against the pillows, keeping me against his chest. The steady heartbeat under my cheek and the gentle hand running through my hair have me relaxing before I know what’s going on, and his free hand moves slowly up and down along my spine. “Stop it,” I protest weakly. “You’re making me sleepy again.”
“You do that a lot, don’t you?” he says, as if the thought never occurred to him. “I’m okay. Thank you for asking.”
She takes them to a smaller room where Gabriel is pacing, and the panicked expression on his face seems to alarm even Dean. He moves quickly when he sees them, grabbing onto Cas tightly. “Did they say anything?”
A little flame of anger leaps up in my chest at that. “Why? Why would I think you’d call me that? Because you did, dad! You said stuff like that to me all the time, and stuff that was worse. How could you not remember? Did you also forget about beating me half to death in a drunken rage, and telling me it was my fault mom died?”
I sigh, stroking his hair lightly. “I’ve promised you that we would not be mated until you were ready to be. My control is always somewhat fragile when I participate, and I was worried my instincts would get the better of me. I did not want to break that promise.”
Dean hesitates for a long moment, refusing to meet his gaze. “Alright, fine. Why did you leave?” he murmurs.
I smile a little. “Well, I think he’s gonna be alright. Probably just hard the first time. I’d imagine it’s a little different being here than it is watching us from up there. You guys really have ‘human contact’ lessons?”
Cas hasn’t quite mastered the gradual falling asleep thing, so it doesn’t surprise me at all when I return to find that, at some point before he got new clothes on, he managed to pass out. In typical Cas fashion, he’s spread out to each corner of the bed like a stark-naked starfish. I chuckle, starting to pull the blankets up over him when he stirs. A soft moan escapes him, and it sounds an awful lot like my name. Pausing, I realize that he’s hard and probably in the middle of a sex dream. The blanket falls from my hand, and suddenly my curiosity gets the better of me. Carefully, I climb up to kneel between his knees, lightly ghosting my fingertips along his shaft and chuckling softly when he groans. I carefully wrap my fingers around him, stroking him lightly and slowly rolling his balls in my other hand. He whines, still fast asleep, but his hips thrust up into my hand, and a little bead of pre-come forms at the tip. I take a deep breath, leaning in to lick it off and stifling a groan at the taste. Feeling my own erection growing, I stroke myself slowly through my pajama bottoms as my lips wrap around him. He jolts awake, panting and confused, but moans loudly when I take him deeper. “Dean…” he breathes, gripping at my hair tightly.
“Not this time,” Cas answers, his expression softening. “The war is over, and the time I’ve been away has been spent setting up new leadership in heaven. I’ve made my choice. It does not include me. I’ve made it abundantly clear that I will not return. Besides, I’ve found a cause that needs me more.”
I elbow him lightly, but I’m already starting to relax against him. “Will you go check on Sammy for me please?”
Dean shrieks, batting at my hands. “No, Cas! No tickle!” He splashes water everywhere as he squirms, and I laugh.
“Nothing,” Dean says quickly, giving Gabriel a look that dares him to say anything. “I’m fine. What are you doing here, Gabriel?” he looks back at me. “Don’t we still have wards up?”
When he finishes he hands the plate back, standing up and straightening himself out. “Woah, where you going short stuff?”
Dean swallows back his own panic, letting one of his hands settle at the back of Cas’ neck, the other drifting low on his waist, below the bloody streaks. “Shhh, okay, it’s okay, I got you,” he murmurs, gently stroking through his sweaty hair. “We’re going to take care of it, alright? Just calm down. Take a breath for me. I’m here.” Cas quiets a little, sniffing and whimpering softly. “That’s it. Take it easy. Come on, let’s sit you down before you pass out on me.” He kisses Cas’ forehead softly as he slowly walks him back towards the couch, sinking down on it and pulling Cas into his lap, careful not to let his back touch anything. Cas shivers a little, pressing closer and resting his head under Dean’s chin, listening to his steady heartbeat. “There we go. Can you tell me what happened?”
Cas is excruciatingly slow and methodical, and by the time he has four fingers sliding into him Dean is a shivering, desperate mess, lube dripping down his thighs, and fuck does he want to come. He mentally curses the small rubber ring wrapped tightly around the base of his cock, keeping him from release, and the angel behind him snorts. “I can hear you shouting in your head. I don’t think the cockring is offended.”
Even if he could remember a phone number, Dean doubted anyone would pick up, or would want him around, so he shook his head. He hesitated for a moment, and Cas waited patiently as he wrote.
Dean shrugs. “It’s not my favorite. But I don’t mind it. I know for the most part we don’t switch in the playroom, but if you think it would help you relax, I’m okay with making an exception.”
Yay! I thought we could all use some fluff. I promise more sexytimes in the next chapter, it's all written out in my head already. Also, keep a look out for my new story, which was my NaNoWriMo project (even though it's nowhere close to 50,000 words...oops) which I'm rather proud of. As always, remember to review!
“I’d like to hear more about you and Benny. I know you told me about the first time, but it’s interesting.”
“It’s a different kind of orgasm,” he explains, his hand sliding down to cup under Cas’ ass, making him shudder again. “There’s a lot of nerve endings in this area. Yours happen to be particularly sensitive once you get going. And sometimes, if you’re relaxed and patient enough, you can bypass the first trigger and make it better. It wasn’t exactly my intention, but once I realized where you were headed I couldn’t resist. You didn’t even try to get yourself off.”
Gabriel laughs. “Pretty sure, but you never know.” He shrugs. “Just because I can be kind of a dick in general doesn’t mean I have to be a dick all of the time. I
“That’s good, Dean,” Meg answered evenly. “You think you’re ready to try the next step?” Dean considered it, then nodded. “Alright. Can you try to pick it up?”
It takes me a minute to process all this, but when I do so many things seem so much clearer. When I look up again, he’s watching me nervously. “Why are you looking at me like that?” I ask curiously.
He sighs softly. "Dean, it was something you said in the moment when you were desperate and trying to tell me what you wanted, and that just happens to be the way it came out. It was...out of character for you, but I think that might have been the point. If I had any problem with it I wouldn't have encouraged it. But I did, because it seemed like it helped you communicate your needs to me. I may not always entirely understand things, but I know you didn't say it because you wished to have intercourse with your father. And it worked to get you where you needed to be. Do you feel better than you did this morning?"
Dean shushes him softly, lightening his touch over Cas’ prostate, but not moving away from it completely. He understands the game now; Cas wants to be reassured, to be made to push his limits. “You’re doing so well,” he murmurs, pressing soft kisses along his lower back. “Doing everything I’ve asked of you. I think you can be a good boy for me just a little longer, don’t you?”
I grab his shoulders, forcing him to stop for a moment. “Dean,” I murmur, “Cas needs you. You have to calm down or you’ll freak him out.”
“Dean, you don’t have to...” Cas murmured, refusing to meet his gaze. “I can go, if that would make things easier for you.”
Gabriel nods. “And you don’t have to show him anything you don’t want to. If there’s anything you want to keep private just let me know and I won’t show him. You’re still in control here.”
Suddenly thankful for the darkness falling around them, Dean looked down to hide the blush rising in his face. His eyes fell to Cas’ lap, where the angel was rolling the blue-glowing vial between his fingers absently. “We’ll find a way to get you your mojo back,” Dean promised. “Sam thinks he has a lead on a way to keep the Empty away for good, but I didn’t want to wait any longer to get you out. But we’re working on it. We’ll fix it, I promise you that.”
think it sounds like fun,” Sam said smugly, ignoring the scowl Dean threw at him. “It would be good for
This time it’s the slow drag of Dean’s tongue along his spine that sets him off, and he cries out something not even he can understand. He mewls in wordless thanks when Dean backs off his prostate, though the fingers still move slowly in and out. When another finger joins the first three, Cas gasps, looking back at him, clearly recognizing the difference. “Sir…?” he whispers curiously.
I smile, leaning up to kiss him softly. “Thank you. And thanks for keeping an eye on him. How’s he doing?”
Gabriel grins at them. “Well, I see he hasn’t had a complete conniption yet. Hopefully we can change that.”
An edge of desperation leaks into his voice, and I sigh, hugging him gently. “Alright, I understand. Just try to calm down. It’s okay to be scared, but the last thing you need to do is panic. You went through something horrible, but you’re going to be okay. And whatever it is that’s not fitting together right now, we’ll figure it out. But for now, you’re safe from whatever’s going on. Just try to relax and focus on getting better for right now. We can deal with the rest later.”
Dean smirks, his kisses turning to nips. “Like I own you,” he growls, feeling Cas shiver. “Like you’re mine.” Cas lets out a shaky whimper, and Dean chuckles. “And here I was worrying that you were going to have a hard time with this. But you just fell right into it, didn’t you? You’re such a good boy.”
Cas’ motion stills for a moment, and I’m about to start apologizing when I hear his low groan. “That what you need, baby boy?” he pants, his fingers digging into my hip. “Need Daddy’s cock to fill you up? Stretch that little hole and mark you up inside so you don’t forget who you belong to?”
“Nah, let him sleep. There’ll still be food when he wakes up.” I pull the blanket from the back of the couch, lightly settling it over the sleeping boy. Sam walks by, snorting and muttering “lovechild” under his breath. I grab the extra pillow from the couch, chucking it across the room at his head. It falls a few feet short, and he laughs, disappearing around the corner.
Dean chuckles, stroking him slowly. “It’s all your fault. Here I was, just trying to give you a nice massage, and you have to be all sexy and adorable. See what you did?” He shifts, pressing his own hardness against Cas’ stomach.
Cas is quiet for a moment. “I suppose…it’s because I’ve learned that there are things more important than following orders.”
Dean smirks. “Well if I told you it wouldn’t be a surprise, now would it? You just relax and let me handle that.”
“Crystal clear,” Dean answers, struggling to suppress a laugh. “Thank you. And noted. What about with me?”
Sam nods. “It’s the same with Gabriel. He’s still the same person, but he doesn’t seem to know he’s an angel or anything like that. Neither of them seems to know that they were ever adults at all. No wonder the kids in that town couldn’t tell anyone where they came from. They didn’t know.” He glances back to the table, chuckling softly. “Dean brought his elephant?”
“Don’t worry about it,” he answers, waving off his apology. Just tell me what we’re dealing…” he trails off as his eyes fall to Cas’ back, and he sucks in a breath. “Holy hell, Dean. You said it was bad, but…my God. What the hell happened?”
He chuckles, stroking along my spine again. “You don’t seem to be complaining.” I shake my head, gasping as he turns it up a little. “Turn over,” he orders, tapping at my calf lightly.
He shrugs. “It’s okay. I get it.” I raise an eyebrow at him, but he doesn’t elaborate, watching me thoughtfully for a moment. “Take a walk with me?” he says finally. I nod, following him down the hall until we’re far enough away from Sam and Cas. “Okay, look. I know you think I’m the bad guy here. And I can’t really blame you, considering our history. But I’m working on it. And it worries me that you’re so afraid of other people finding out.”
Cas smiles, kissing him softly. “You’re no less amazing than me. Your life might have been different than mine, but it was just as hard. Your father replaced emotions with violence, and I know how cautious you are not to do the same. You’re so careful with me, and you’re protective of your family. It’s really remarkable.” He hesitates for a moment, frowning. “Dean? This isn’t going to be an issue, is it? I know a lot of people are…uncomfortable with it.”
Cas smiled, nodding quickly. “You’re welcome to stay here as long as you want,” he said. “It’s just me here, so...it’ll be nice to have some company. So, breakfast?”
He shrugs. “It’s a good way to transition, or so I read. That way if I want to scene or you do, you can just say it and we’ll both know what it means.”
Dean shakes his head, deciding it’s better to just accept what his friend says than ask more questions now. Besides, we have more important things to ask about. “Alright Cas, try to relax and stay still,” I instruct calmly as I carefully inspect the bloody slashes in his chest. “Were these made with an Angel Blade?” Castiel nods silently. “Okay. This might sting a little, but I’ll do my best to be gentle.” I carefully soak a piece of gauze in a cleaning solution before reaching towards the angel. Just a moment before my hand comes in contact with the wound, Cas jerks away from me, a low whimper escaping him.
I wake up in the morning to a light tickling sensation moving across my chest. Assuming that it’s Cas’ hair, I try to brush it away and snuggle closer to him, but something soft is in my way, and the feeling doesn’t go away. Blinking groggily, I slowly adjust to the light only to find a sea of inky black feathers between us. I don’t have too long to consider this, because Cas starts to stir, turning over. He smiles when he opens his eyes and sees me, then frowns at my expression of shock as his wings shake themselves out behind him. “Dean? Are you alright?” he asks cautiously.
“That’s right,” Cas assured him. “With all the cool new stuff Jody got for us, no one who means us any harm could get anywhere near the house. We’re safe.”
The boy considered it, looking up at him. “I...I think I’m okay,” he murmured. “But...will you go with me?”
He nods, gently rinsing it out. “I know. You finally gave in. That’s the most vocal you’ve ever been with me.”
He hated being human, in those early weeks. Hated the soft looks of pity the brothers gave him, and the nightmares that exposed his weakness. Hated the pain and the constant barrage of emotion, unchecked by any amount of logic he could muster. But slowly, things began to change. Slowly, he made peace with his new predicament. The dreams eased, and he learned to decipher the confusing mix of feelings inside of him. He even learned some skills, so that he’d feel at least a little useful to the brothers, even without his powers. Sam had been kind enough to teach him what he knew about first aid, so that he could at least help them in some way while they continued to hunt. Dean had even started to teach him some basic fighting skills when they’d realized that Cas’ control over this body was somewhat awkward, now that his actions weren’t informed by extra angelic senses, although these lessons usually ended with the hunter flustered and red in the face for reasons Cas couldn’t quite piece together. Still, overall, he’d started to settle into his new human life, and even, on some level, feel comfortable in it.
“Of course she was,” Dean answers. “She knows how hard it was for you to trust me and give up control. She’s proud of you. And so am I.” He raises Cas’ hand to his lips and kisses his knuckles softly.
As always, you can also find me on my tumblr, link in my bio :D I take requests there, so if there's anything you want me to take a crack at let me know!
,” Benny assures him. “Everyone starts somewhere. And you can talk to us. I don’t know if you noticed, but we’re not really the easily embarrassed type.” He winks, motioning to Ruby. “So feel free to speak your mind.”
Cas smiles, hugging him tighter for a moment. “Thank you, Dean. I appreciate your trust very much.” He carefully rearranges the man to make it easier, letting the bottle hover a few centimeters away and waiting patiently for Dean to open up himself rather than feel like it’s being forced on him. He gives one tentative suck, then another, and, to Cas’ surprise, slowly starts to relax, his eyes closing again. Though he’d like to believe it’s at least partly because Dean enjoys being cared for, he knows it’s mostly due to the easing of his hunger pangs. Either way, after a few minutes he’s boneless and content in Cas’ arms, a much better result than the resigned acceptance the angel was hoping for.
He smiles, nodding. "Okay. It's kind of nice, being able to feel you again. Almost like being an angel again."
I pull him onto the couch beside me, picking up one of the books on the table. “Thank God. Hey, how’d you know about all the stuff on the list?”
He shushes me softly. “Dean, I’d be worried if you didn’t at least try to go down there.” I glance up at him, confused, and he smiles. “I know how much you love me,” he explains. “You’d do anything for me. I asked you not to go because I wanted to protect you. But there is a man in our basement who hurt me; a man I’m afraid of. And I know how much you want to hurt him so that I won’t have to be afraid. You were trying to protect me. I’m not mad.”
Cas appears in my room in a flutter of wings and trench coat. I’m prepared to be mad at him for ordering me to my room like I’m a child, but before I can say anything he hugs me hard, and I realize he’s trembling a little. “Cas, I’m okay. It’s okay, I promise,” I murmur, hugging him back.
He nods. “Much better.” He pauses, watching me for a moment. “Are you really…denying yourself, like he said?” he asks cautiously.
I hesitate. “Not exactly,” I explain. “It partly has to do with class. A majority of angels have white wings, the way humans always picture them. Archangels have more gold feathers than white.”
“Of course you didn’t,” he says sternly. “Dean, you…you…I can’t tell you what you did right now, but I will as soon as I can think straight…”
Cas considers it. “I suppose that’s possible. He is rather young. This is his first time on Earth.” He pauses, frowning. “Do you know anything that might help?”
I think, and then he grinds his hips down and I stop thinking altogether for a minute. “Cas!” I gasp out.
Hearing it out loud like that, Dean suddenly realized that maybe he wasn’t the only one who struggled with feeling like he belonged. “So what? You don’t have to be useful. We’re just happy you’re back, man.”
I shrug. It’s not the first time our favorite angel has pulled a disappearing act. “He probably just lost his phone again, Dean,” I assure him. “I’m sure Castiel is just fine, wherever he is. But if you’re so worried, why don’t you just pray to him? He always comes when you call.”
“Yeah...not...back to the way things were, exactly, I really like how things have been lately, but...what happened...it’s like a ghost, just following me around. I think I need to finally face it. I think I need to go back to the bunker.”
“You just assume that people won’t think you’re worth it, because that’s how you feel about yourself,” Donna said casually, as if she was talking about the weather. “But that’s not how the rest of us see you.”
“I’d considered it,” Cas admitted. “And then I thought perhaps...perhaps it was just that you didn’t like me.”
He holds his hands up in defense. “I didn’t say anything. I’ve always known you had a soft spot for the little guy. That’s…sweet.”
“Mine,” I growl again, biting down on the space between his neck and shoulder. I feel him shudder hard as his release rips through him, a stream of unintelligible syllables mixed with my name escaping him. I find myself oddly proud when his knees give out, which would have sent him crashing to the floor if I wasn’t holding him so tightly against me. He trembles hard, panting breathlessly as I carefully scoop him up, sitting down on the bed and settling him in my lap. He purrs softly, clinging closer as I run my fingers through his damp hair. “Jesus Cas,” I murmur, kissing his forehead softly. His eyes open, staring up at me with something close to awe, but he doesn’t say anything, only swallowing and panting softly. He stays that way for a full five minutes before I start to get worried. Probing around the connection in my head, I find only a blissful haze, but it’s too quiet. “Cas?” I murmur. “You’re starting to worry me baby. Talk to me.”
“Yeah. He showed up the next day, still angry and wanting to fight with me. I guess he figured that’s where I’d go. He demanded to see me, and Bobby didn’t even say anything; just punched him straight in the face and told him to get the hell off the property. I’ve never seen my dad so shocked in my life. Bobby told him that if he wasn’t willing to get his head out of his ass long enough to love his son, then he wasn’t welcome.”
“Good,” he mumbles, rubbing his eyes and yawning. “Really good.” He pauses for a minute, thinking. “Did I fall asleep on you?”
When I wake in the morning, Cas has one arm tucked around my waist, bright blue eyes watching me. “Did you sleep at all?” I ask. “Or did you just watch me?”
Cas nodded, kissing his head and walking in with him, helping him put away his clothes. He showed Ben the new locks on his windows and door. “This way, if it helps you feel safer, you can lock your door at night, but daddy and I can still come in if you have a nightmare or you need us. We’re the only ones with the key, and we’ll keep it in a safe place in our bedroom, so no one else will be able to get in.”
“Back,” I manage to whimper out, trying to catch my breath. I feel his hand settle lightly on my back, looking for the source of the pain, but automatically my body seizes up out of fear and I jerk away from his touch, which sends a fresh wave of fire through me. “Don’t!” I plead, both disgusted by how pathetic it sounds and unable to care.
Dean sighed, nodding. “Yeah, they’re pretty good at it. And I...I really appreciate you not...you know, hating me after all this...”
Once the overwhelming mix of arousal and fear subsides a little I manage to open my eyes, finding him kneeling at my head, petting softly through my hair. “I’m good,” I mumble, pressing into his touch. “Sorry.”
His hand slips down to stroke lightly along my leaking cock, and my breaths grow frantic again. “Look how hard you are, pet. You’ve been so good for me. And you are so pretty when you beg…”
He grins, shifting to look at me, and something around his neck catches my attention. “Uh…Cas? What’s that?”
A soft whine escapes me as he begins to plant heated kisses under my jaw, undoing the top two buttons of my shirt. “Dean…you know I’m bad at being quiet…”
Cas chuckles. “I take it that means you approve of this plan?” he asks, continuing the light teasing.
I follow him down the hall and back to the bedroom, where the sheets are still rumpled from earlier. I raise an eyebrow at him, and he grins, pulling me into a heated kiss. He pulls away only long enough to shove me back onto the bed, prodding until I slide up closer to the headboard, and then his hand wraps around the back of my neck and his lips are on mine again. I can’t help but melt into him; what Dean sometimes lacks in words he more than makes up for in action, and I can’t do anything but follow when he shifts forward until I’m flat against the mattress. The heat of his body draped over me is slightly intoxicating, and when he finally pulls back I find myself a little lightheaded. He pauses for a moment, then drops his hips against mine, chuckling at the sharp gasp that escapes me. He grins, running his thumb along my bottom lip before leaning in to lick it lightly, kissing me deeply again before sucking it into his mouth and biting down gently. I let out a breathy moan, and he laughs. “I told you you’re a big sap,” he murmurs, hot breath against my ear. “You’d make out with me all day if you could, wouldn’t you? Like a horny teenager.”
Dean chuckles. “As a matter of fact, it does. And since you were so good for the not fun part, it’s going to be extra fun.” His hand wraps around Cas’ erection, the thumb rubbing lightly just under the head while he gasps. “I could watch you like this forever,” he murmurs. “But we have quite enough work ahead of us.” Cas lets out a soft hum of approval, letting his head drop to Dean’s shoulder, his eyes fluttering closed as Dean’s fingers run feather-light over his skin. “I missed this,” he murmurs, pressing soft kisses along Cas’ neck and shoulder. “Missed getting to touch you like this…”
He looks at me like he thinks I might be crazy. “I have wings!” he shouts. “How in the hell…do you expect me to calm down?!”
“I’d say you’re right about that,” I chuckle. “And it was nice, not to have to be in control for a little while. Sorry about the spontaneous crying thing. I’m not really sure what that was about.”
Cas takes a hiccupping breath. “I was really mad after you left, and I just wanted to forget about it. So I went to a bar.”
Cas chuckles, slowly pushing forward again, watching his face intently as he groans. “So fucking tight,” he growls out, panting as he bottoms out.
Cas smiles, nodding. “That’s good. I’m glad he found a way to be happy. What about the others? You’re all…so different.”
Dean whimpers loudly, knowing Cas wants him to beg for it but unable to make his mouth form coherent words. Finally he manages to take a breath. “Fuck me, Cas!” he chokes out finally. “Please baby…’m gonna explode…need you to fuck me hard…”
Dean bit his lip, hesitating for another moment before slowly reaching out, letting out a breath as his fingers made contact with Cas’ cheek. “You
“Fine,” Cas grumbles. “But I won’t be happy about it.” Dean whispers hotel sex into his ear, and he has to fight to keep from grinning. The doorbell rings again, and this time it is the pizza.
When Cas and Ben returned, Dean walked over, taking his bags. “Are you ready to call a car?” Cas asked.
I roll my eyes, patting Cas on the back as he coughs up the rest of what he inhaled. “Hey Dean?” Sam says quietly. “Can I talk to you for a minute?” I nod, leaving Cas to argue with Gabriel. “You asked him to marry you?” he asks in disbelief once we’re far enough away.
“Good. And rule two: no closing the link. I want to know what’s going on. We’re going to talk about this later, but right now, you’re mine.” A little whine escapes him at that, and I chuckle. “Up,” I order softly. He rises to his feet, keeping his gaze trained on the floor. I nudge his feet apart, pulling his arms up and interlocking the fingers behind his head. “Clothes off, Cas. Now.” They disappear, and he flushes red from head to toe. I slip my hand under his jaw, kissing him softly. He whines, and I pull him closer, deepening the kiss until he’s out of breath. “Good boy,” I murmur against his lips, grinning at his shiver. “Stay still,” I order. I kiss him once more before dropping lower to nibble and suck at the skin above his collar. “Now, I’d love to hear about all the interesting things you’ve been reading about…” Immediately, my head is filled with images straight out of porn, and I wonder idly how far his research went. It takes a minute to sort through them, gaging his reaction to the different scenarios and forming an idea of my own. I walk slowly around him, trailing my fingertips over his skin. Looking over his shoulder, I grin seeing his already hard cock twitch. I wrap one arm around his waist, pulling him tight against me, letting my other hand wrap lightly around the base of his throat. He gasps, but relaxes into the hold, moaning softly as I kiss and nibble along his neck and shoulders. Suddenly, I find myself wondering how far I’d have to go to put an angel into sensory overload. And Cas did say I have to practice, right? I reach down, feeling his breath hiccup as I wrap my hand around him, stroking slowly. His face is red as he bucks into my hand, but he can’t seem to stop the little whimpers and moans from escaping him. My hips rock against him of their own accord as I focus on imagining myself softly rubbing and prodding at his tight ring of muscle. I can tell when he starts to feel it, because his hips press back against the imaginary fingers, then snap forward into my hand again, trying to get both sensations at once. I chuckle, enjoying the shout of pleasure when I picture my fingers sliding smoothly into him, bearing more of his weight as he struggles to stay on his feet. My hand moves faster along his shaft as he trembles, thrusting desperately and erratically into the sensations. “Such a needy angel you are,” I murmur into his ear. He whines in response. “And you want to know something?” I grin, speeding up my strokes, both real and imaginary. Unable to form words, his head slowly turns to look at me, his eyes clouded with pleasure. “You’re all mine,” I growl against his skin.
It was almost an hour before they heard quiet footsteps moving through the house. Ben had dozed off again against Dean’s chest, and Dean swallowed hard, hugging him closer. Cas squeezed his hand,
Benny chuckled. “Well, back when Cas found her she was in pretty rough shape. I had’ta do a lot of work on her to get her healthy, and I don’t think she’s ever forgiven me. This right here is the best this has ever gone. I’ve never seen her trust anybody like that.”
“By torturing your own kind?” Cas asks. “By turning them all into mindless slaves, and siding with the enemy? It doesn’t have to be this way, Karael. You can stop this now.”
The angel considers it, then reaches over and takes another swig from the bottle. “I think I’d rather get it over with, if it’s all the same to you.”
Gabe blushes, looking over Sam's shoulder to Dean, who smiles and nods to him. "Well, I...my brother can tell you that I've never really been a sap. I just kind of thought long-term relationships weren't my thing, but...now I think that maybe the people I was with weren't my thing..."
After a few days of practice Dean is finally comfortable wearing the harness, and his fear over being found out has faded, leaving him much less anxious and uptight. The change in him is apparent even to Sam, who pulled me aside one day to ask if I’d put a spell on him. As happy as it makes me to see Dean relax, I think it makes Sam even happier, and the mood change makes the whole house feel calmer. To everyone’s surprise, a tentative friendship has sprung up between Dean and Gabriel, and though Sam is perplexed by the sudden change of heart, I think I have a pretty good idea why, though I know better than to question it.
"He told me what usually happens with angels," I murmur. "That sometimes you can feel...emotions, or thoughts or something from the other one and all that. He said it's impossible to know if that can happen with us since it's never happened with two humans."
“I know, but it sounded better than going home, and I wasn’t big on self-preservation back then. I figured he probably just wanted me to blow him or something. Wouldn’t have been the first time, and sometimes I could forget for a little while. So we went down to his place, and he shoved me down to my knees and explained the situation to me. I was really angry, at first. I had a twisted idea of submission, another gift from my father, and I yelled at him and told him that I wasn’t going to be anybody’s bitch. He was so calm when he said that wasn’t what he was asking. He said he could help me get control of my life back, and that I didn’t have to be angry. That was what I wanted more than anything. But I still felt like it was weakness. So I left. He didn’t try to stop me. I thought about what he said a lot, but it was weeks before I went back.”
Sam nods. “I’m glad. I’m just going to finish cleaning up those gashes and patch you up. Don’t worry; it shouldn’t be nearly as bad as before. Just try to relax.” Cas nods, occasionally hissing in pain as Sam cleans his wounds, but for the most part his fear seems to have passed.
“Because you’re afraid of seeing your own submission,” he says gently, not a question. “I know. Trust me. Open your eyes.” I take a deep breath, slowly opening them and letting then travel from my bound wrists and ankles, down between my thighs, spread wide open for him. I tense for a moment, expecting the wave of panic to wash over me, but it never does, so I take a breath and look up at him. He’s grinning, unable to stop his happiness from cracking through the stoic mask. There’s a little bit of pride there, too, and I can’t help but smile back. “Do you understand now,” he murmurs, “How perfect you are? How beautiful your submission is?”
The angel considered it. Serious talks were not typically an activity Dean participated in unless he had no other choice. “Are you drunk?”
Cas hesitates. “I…I don’t understand. I think perhaps you’ve confused me with someone else. I’ve never been a good angel.” I roll my eyes at Dean. Cas would be the only person in the universe to argue with God when he tried complimenting him.
painted in big letters on the side. The angel hadn’t noticed them yet, or at least hadn’t acknowledged them, too busy lifting various tubes and containers from the box to examine them. Sam froze, cocking his head to the side and grabbing Dean’s arm to stop him from walking any further. His mouth opened and closed a few times as he tried to process what he was seeing and form any sort of meaningful response. What he came up with was “....Yeah, I’m gonna let you handle this one.”
Cas thinks. “I remember talking to him at the bar. He bought me drinks. And I remember being in his house. It started off okay, but then he got out of hand. I tried using my safeword and telling him to stop, but he wouldn’t. I remember screaming a lot. Or, at least, it feels like I screamed a lot. I think I passed out a couple of times, but when I woke up he was still there. And then the last time I woke up he was gone. I was on the floor and he’d cut off the ropes. So I managed to pull myself up and get my clothes on and I left. I have no idea where I was, but somehow I ended up at your door.”
I shake my head. “No, I don’t think so. The thing is, when I think back about all that stuff, and all the girls and everything…I don’t know why I even wanted to. I couldn’t even tell you why I started to begin with.”
Hello my friends! Things have been busy with the start of school, but I haven't forgotten you. This chapter is a little short, and it turned out a little angsty, but I kinda like it. Let me know what you think!
Cas looks up into Dean’s face, expecting firm lines and cold eyes, but is surprised by the amount of patience and compassion he finds instead. His expression is soft, like he’s encouraging Cas to give in to what he wants, and for some reason it puts him at ease, despite every warning he tries to give himself. His mind is already made up, even though this is crazy, and Dean is a stranger, and he’s putting his life into a stranger’s hands. But he takes a deep breath, forcing himself to relax as he lets it out, and gives a short nod. Dean smiles brightly, genuinely pleased. He leans closer until his breath brushes past Castiel’s ear again. “Good boy,” he murmurs, and Cas tries to determine if the whimper he heard at the praise had really come from his own throat. Dean grins, confirming his suspicions, and he blushes. “Don’t worry,” Dean chuckles. “I liked it. Now, you must be hungry. So strip and then join me.”
I laugh, holding him closer and letting my wings appear, slipping one of them around him. “I’m glad, angel...”
Bobby smiled, patting his back lightly. “‘Course, there is one condition...you have to drive ‘er out here to visit us once in a while, okay? We miss you.”
“Thankfully it did, though I’m still glad it’s Friday,” Cas chuckles. He holds up the bag he brought with him. “You’re developing quite the collection of clothes at my house. Thought you might want some of them back. Though I will admit to keeping your sweatshirt. It’s comfortable.”
,” he snaps. He turns back to me, and I realize that he’s legitimately concerned. There’s another twinge in my chest that has nothing to do with low oxygenation. “Cas, I promise, whatever it is, we’ll figure it out. It’s going to be okay, but you have to calm down and take a deep breath.”
I nod slightly, careful not to dislodge his hands. “Yes Sir. I trust you.” I almost surprise myself with the truth in that statement, but it seems to make Cas happy.
I feel the heat rise to my cheeks slightly, focusing on the pan in front of me. “Just not used to all the...touchy-feely crap. Although, between that one and Cas, they seem determined to subject me to it anyway.”
Also, for anyone who's concerned, I promised Dean and Cas are not going to randomly involve themselves in a harem/orgy type situation. Don't worry, I have a plan, I promise!
“Yeah. Okay,” I reply, “I think we can do that. Thanks, Sammy.” He nods, disappearing down the hall.
A snort escapes him. “You’re actually going to share pie with me? You must have been more worried than I thought.”
Castiel frowned, perplexed by the pleading note in Dean’s voice, one he wasn’t sure he’d ever heard there. “Why do you need me to open the door to talk?” he asked after a long moment.
Hello my loves! So marriage equality happened and I was like "aw yeah, I'm gonna write the best chapter ever to celebrate" and then it turned into porn. I mean it, this is really just pure porn and some fluff. But something tells me you won't complain. Enjoy!
He considers it for a moment, and I watch the tension leave him as he reaches out. I smile, walking closer and wrapping my arms around him when he leans forward, resting his forehead against my chest. “Yes, I understand. Sorry for freaking out.”
“Good, actually. I feel a little better about it. I think I’d like to at least try. But I still want to talk about some things.”
He shrugs. “I didn’t. But the only time I see you let your guard down at all is during sex. You’re always in control of everything, every single day. I know it has to be stressful. So I thought maybe if you gave up control for a minute it might help you relax enough, and if I could overwhelm your brain with enough outside stimuli you’d stop thinking so much and let whatever was inside out. I think it was fairly successful.”
“Like this, please,” he murmured, his fingers stroking over Cas’ collarbone absently. “But I want you to do it like you’re actually prepping me for real, not just going easy on me to make me feel good. I want to know what it’s like.”
Cas frowned a little at that, shrugging. “Well, those people aren’t here, now are they? My house, my rules. And I say you’re allowed to cry. Better out than in. Besides, if you want to know a secret, men cry all the time. Especially the ones who say they don’t.”
This does nothing to stop the harsh, angry breaths coming from him as he stares after them. Cas shifts to stand in front of him, waiting until Dean’s gaze reluctantly shifts to him. “But, Cas…”
I raise an eyebrow at him curiously, and he grins, leaning close to kiss me softly. I chuckle, holding him tighter against my chest and pulling us both back down to the bed. "You're right, that does make it feel better."
They chat easily until their food is brought out by a stern-looking middle-aged woman. “You behaving yourself Dean?” she asks, a slight smile softening her features.
He manages a breathless yes when I wrap my hand around him, stroking him quickly. His hips buck up into my hand until I use my free hand to hold them still, changing to long, slow strokes that have him whimpering and squirming in my grip. “That’s just cruel,” he whines, panting harshly.
“Of course,” Dean murmurs. “Now, what do you think about spending a little while cuddling here and watching movies, and then ordering in for dinner?”
I’m rewarded with another finger sliding in beside the first, and I hiss at the stretch. “That’s my good boy,” Cas is murmuring, his free hand stroking lightly down my chest and abdomen, and I purr at the praise. “Breathe.” He works them in deeper, and soon my arms are shaking with the effort of holding myself up. He must notice, because he chuckles softly, pushing down lightly between my shoulders again until I slip down to my elbows, which has the added effect of raising my ass higher and gives me an idea of what Cas meant by “presenting”. I whimper softly as his fingers scissor apart, gently stretching me open. “So good for me. Just relax, Dean. This is a reward.”
“I will still love you,” Dean finishes, sitting down beside him. “But he is going to like you, I’m sure of it. We’re just going to go have lunch and talk, that’s all. All you have to do is not have a heart attack before we get there, okay? It’s gonna be fine, I promise.” Reluctantly, Cas nods, leaning in to press their lips together softly. Dean chuckles softly as he deepens the kiss. “You might have just gotten dressed for nothing,” he murmurs, grinning.
“No,” Cas insists. “I wanted power to fix heaven. You want to destroy it. Father is back, Karael. Repent to him and you may still be forgiven. If you continue on this path, it will only end in disaster for you.”
That sounds like a wonderful idea to Cas, so he nods, laughing despite his tears and letting Dean hold his pieces until he can fit them together again. “You called me that before too,” he whispers once he’s gathered himself a little more.
“Only about a million,” Cas grinned. “But I wasn’t going to ask. You don’t have to tell me anything if you don’t want to. I’d really like to get to know you better, but I won’t be upset if you’re not ready to share.”
John smiles warmly at Sam and Dean, clapping them each on the shoulder. “God, I’ve missed you boys...”
“You too, douchebag,” Dean calls back, making an obscene gesture before practically dragging me into our room.
I shake my head, swallowing hard, and I feel him smile against my skin, sucking lightly at my Adam’s apple. “Cas,” I manage, “You don’t have to…”
“I know,” he murmured, stroking Dean’s hair lightly with his free hand. “I just like taking my time with you. You’re so beautiful.”
Dean took a breath, shaking his head. “Okay, buddy, listen. This kind of stuff...it’s not something people just...you know...talk about...or play with on their table when their friends are around. It’s...private.”
He frowns, raising an eyebrow at me. “Of course he does, Cas,” he says softly. “We both care about you, human or not. And you know we’ve all made just as many mistakes as you. He would never stop loving you because of something like that.”
Cas takes a deep breath before nodding, resting his forehead against Dean’s chest again. He tenses as Benny starts to clean again, and Dean kisses the crown of his head softly. “So proud of you baby,” he murmurs softly.
Cas smiled, tucking the vial back into his pocket. “I’ve never had a birthday party. But they sound like fun.” A cool breeze kicked up, and Cas shivered slightly, pressing closer.
They make it into the bathtub without incident, Cas settling in Dean’s lap as he rubs the tension from his shoulders. “So, you were a little worked up yesterday, huh?”
Cas blinks at him for a minute, considering it. “Better be the best goddamn reward of my life...waking me up this early…” he grumbles. “And there’d better be a cup of coffee waiting for me when I get out there.”
He nods, attaching the cuffs together and clipping them into a pulley attached to the ceiling. Pulling down the rope on the other side, Cas is drawn up straight, body stretched taut as his arms are pulled up. “Yes. It’s a guessing game. For each thing you guess correctly, you get a reward. For each one you get wrong, you get spanked. Now, are you going to keep your feet apart for me, or am I going to have to cuff them too to make sure you’re good?” he asks. His tone is teasing, but he knows Cas understands the question, knows that he’s making sure he’s alright with this.
“I look ridiculous,” Cas grumbles, picking at the tight, somehow shiny shorts that Dean told him to put on.
Dean insists on walking him back to his apartment at which point he holds out the box. “Hold onto it. But don’t put it on yet. I want that honor for myself.” The idea of putting it on himself hadn’t really occurred to him, but he nods anyway, leaning in to kiss him softly. “Night Cas,” he grins.
Dean grins. “Just that if he wanted to keep his hands, he’d better keep them off what’s mine. I don’t like to share.” Cas chuckles, and Dean kisses his forehead. “I’m sorry if I scared you. I didn’t mean to yell. Do you want to go home?”
Something tightens in my chest, and I take a deep breath, watching as his fingers gently trace the outline again. “Uh, actually, I was…sort of thinking about that.”
I take a deep breath, swallowing hard. “I’m fine. It’s just…I had one for a while. A collar. In hell. Alistair…” His brow furrows for a moment, and suddenly his grip around my hand is gone as he turns to gather up the strips of leather. I watch, perplexed, as he marches out of the room with them. When he comes back he’s empty-handed. “What was all that about?” I ask curiously.
“Promise me you won’t go after Karael without me.” I was hoping it wouldn’t be that. I hesitate, and Cas frowns. “You weren’t planning on letting me be a part of the battle, were you?”
Cas, for his part, is more than happy to find new and interesting ways to put him on his knees, and the kinky fucker could get pretty creative. The fact that he could poof up whatever crazy bullshit crossed his mind doesn’t seem entirely fair to Dean, but he also wasn’t going to complain, since just about everything the angel had come up with so far had been awesome. Besides, he knows the angel wouldn’t hurt him, not really. In fact, he was downright fanatical about Dean’s wellbeing sometimes. But Dean had learned quickly that the faster he bit back his pride and just gave in to Cas’ ideas, the sooner they could get to the mind-blowing sex portion of the evening. It isn’t like Cas is going to judge him for not putting up enough of a fight to be believable, and honestly, Dean gets tired of putting up the front. So with Cas he just doesn’t, and they’re both happier for it. And sometimes, when Cas is really pleased with him, he’ll say Dean’s favorite words.
“I think he’s always liked it,” I admit. “He just doesn’t believe he deserves it. Perhaps you’re right. Maybe this will change that.”
I nod. “He had spasms so bad he was on the floor, Dean. He’s lucky he didn’t hurt himself even worse.”
“We’ll keep you posted on that,” I answer. “In the meantime, let’s clean you up.” He nods, trying to get up from the bed, but tripping over the edge of the blankets. I manage to catch him before he hits the floor. “Maybe we should take it one step at a time,” I suggest.
Cas nods, shrugging slightly. "I know...but we've tried with a few people a couple of times now, and I haven't freaked out. But there's going to be a much bigger crowd at the party, and I want to try, but..."
He sighs softly, looking down at the table. “Look, I...I know you don’t trust me. You have no reason to. But I...I don’t want to lose you, Dean. Either of you. If you’ll give me the chance, I...I really want to fix what I’ve done, to both of you. And I can say I’m sorry, but...you deserve better than that. I need to know what I did, so my apology means something. I want to do better.”
I don’t get the chance to argue before he’s back on task, and I can’t think straight enough to do anything but moan and plead for more. When I’m just on the brink of orgasm he slows to a stop, and I whimper loudly in protest. “No, please Daddy, please let me come…’M a good boy, please…”
Speaking of this place, Dean couldn’t help but be curious about where exactly he’d ended up, and between his exhaustion and the fuzziness in his head last night he hadn’t really gotten a good look. With Castiel asleep beside him, he supposed there was no harm in exploring the house, if only to know how to get out if he had to leave quickly. Carefully, he pulled himself out of bed, watching to make sure the other man didn't move. He was still bone-tired, and the movements were a little more shaky than he’d like, but the usual stab of pain that he’d grown used to was somewhat muted, and his head felt clearer than it had in years. He made his way through the house quietly, careful not to disturb anything. The place was bigger than he’d thought, and much nicer than anywhere Dean lived growing up. He wondered again why Castiel brought him here. He couldn’t possibly believe someone like Dean deserved to stay at a place this nice.
“Over my dead body, you son of a bitch,” Dean spits back, struggling to escape the iron grip pinning him to the floor.
When Cas jolted upright, there were no warm arms around him, no hushed, soothing words to remind him to breathe, or tell him that everything is okay. The room was empty. The emotions washed through his chest like a tidal wave, fear and grief and loneliness. It was all he could do to curl up in a tight ball as broken, gasping sobs shook his frame, feeling as cold and vacant as the sterile white walls of his dreams.
Benny nods, putting on clean gloves and carefully spreading cool cream over the wounds, and though Cas hisses occasionally, he manages to stay relaxed. “I told you this part was easier,” Benny chuckles, wiping his hands off on a towel. “Now, let’s get you bandaged up. Dean, can you help him sit up for a minute?” Dean nods, carefully holding him upright as Benny places a layer of gauze and then wraps a bandage around his torso. “Alright. How’s that feel?”
“Dean!” I call out, trying to wave away the smoke enough to see. As it starts to thin, I see Sam’s figure, looking around wildly. He sees me, moving closer.
We’re so focused on this exchange that Dean and I fail to notice the demons behind us until we feel cold blades pressed against our throats. Castiel’s eyes widen, and Karael chuckles. “So these are your little human pets. Sam and Dean. Do they know what a pathetic little weakling you are? The things you’ve done? I doubt it, they’re still here.” He grins, and the site of it makes my blood run cold. “Which one is Dean?” he asks. “Does he know how you screamed for him, over and over, while we destroyed your wings? While we snapped them like twigs and cut into you, over and over…” A little shiver runs through Cas, who looks at me with wide eyes, and I can tell that his memories are getting the best of him. I give him an encouraging nod as much as the blade at my throat allows and mouth the word breathe, smiling a little as he obeys. Dean lets out a growl at Karael’s words, and the angel’s eyes settle on him. “Something to say, Dean?” he asks.
Sam nods, thinking for a moment. “He really does, though,” he says finally. “I mean, I’ve seen my brother go through a lot of relationships. He’s never been like this before.”
…Now!” he growls out. Cas nods, stroking over his prostate absently while he searches around for a condom. Dean grabs his wrist. “No…just…please…” His words break off in a harsh pant, but Cas understands anyway.
Hello my lovelies! I am so very sorry for taking so long on this one. Things have been busy with finals and the holidays and my upcoming trip to Ecuador, but I wanted to make sure you got a Christmas present, even if it's a little late. So please accept this porn as a token of my appreciation. Enjoy!
Dean stared at him for a long moment, sure he couldn’t have heard what he thought he’d just heard. He sputtered for a moment, trying to kick his brain into gear again. “I’m...sorry, what?”
They eat in comfortable silence for a few minutes until Dean returns, hair still wet from the shower but refreshingly clean of bloodstains. “There you are, brother,” Benny teases him. “I told you I could take care of your pup. Look, I even fed him.”
Dean nods. “That’s true. But I want you to be able to relax. You sure you’re okay with the booty shorts?”
“The wing? Sure, if you want. Just do it slowly, and stop if anything hurts.” Slowly, I unfold it from where it’s rested for the past several weeks, surprised at how good it feels to be able to move. I expected pain, but everything seems to be working properly, albeit stiffly. “How’s it feel?” Sam asks.
Dean glances over, his eyes raking over Cas’ suddenly trembling body once before he smiles. “Come join me.” Cautiously, Cas moves to settle on the couch, but Dean makes a disapproving sound and points to the floor beside his feet, where one of the larger throw pillows has been set. Cas hesitates for a moment to reign in his sudden arousal at finally doing this after imagining it so many times, then slowly sinks to his knees on the pillow. He can hear Dean’s smile in the murmured “Good boy,” he receives, and it helps him relax, settling back on his heels and watching as Dean picks up a tray of food from the coffee table, starting to eat it slowly and paying Castiel no mind. Cas panics for a moment, and it takes him a minute to realize that he’s less terrified of actually doing this than he is at how comfortable and easy it was to submit to a virtual stranger. But the absent-minded hand through his hair brings him back, soothing some of the fear, and Cas finds himself leaning into Dean’s leg. “Did you eat before you came home today?” he asks the way he’d ask anybody who wasn’t kneeling at his feet.
Woohoo! I dunno, I think baby Dean would be cute. Remember to review if you liked it! I love to hear from you :D
“Dean?” he says softly, smiling when his eyes crack open. “I know you’re tired. I promise you can rest soon. I’m going to ask you to do something for me, and I know you’re not going to like it, but I need you to trust me.” He makes a curious sound, eyes widening when he sees the bottle in Cas’ free hand, immediately going tense. “Shh, I know, it’s okay,” Cas soothes. “Look at me for a moment.” Dean obeys, though he doesn’t relax. “Good. I know this is a lot to ask, but let me explain. We have to get some nutrients into you before your body starts to shut down. I’d like to heal you myself, but your system is still very sensitive right now, and I couldn’t heal you without causing you a great deal of pain, which would put too much stress on your body. I know you’re not a child. This is just a practicality to prevent you from choking if you fall asleep, and it’ll be easier for your body to absorb what you need in this form. It’s just for now. Once you’ve rested we can get you eating a proper meal and we never have to talk about it again if you don’t want to, I promise. Do you think you can give it a try for me?”
“You talk too much,” Dean teased lightly, smirking. “I can think of some better things you could do with that mouth.” After a few minutes, Dean was slightly more out of breath than he’d planned to be, mostly due to the fact that Cas loved to play with his sensitive nipples, grinning wider at each little twitch and moan his ministrations dragged out of the man in his lap. He couldn’t really complain, but it took a few steadying breaths before Dean was ready to move on to the next part of his plan, his hands sliding slowly to Cas’ belt. “Okay?” he murmured softly. It had become habit for both of them to ask whenever they did this, though Cas had never said no to him, and it had felt silly at first, but Dean couldn’t deny that it was reassuring.
I frown, glancing away. “I do try,” I murmur. “I know it’s important to you, and sometimes I really do believe you…this is the closest I’ve ever been in my life to valuing myself. It’s just sometimes…”
He nods slowly. “Now that he can control demons, he wants to control angels,” he says softly. “That’s why he wanted me. H-He knew I was rebellious, and…he wanted to see how long it would take an angel like me to…crack. That was his experiment.”
When I wake again, it’s to the light movement of fingertips along my spine. “Time to wake up, beautiful,” Cas murmurs, nuzzling the back of my neck. I groan, indignantly burying myself further into the pillow. There’s a soft chuckle, and the fingertips become palms, stroking slowly down my back and over the curve of my ass before travelling back again. “Come on Dean, you’ve been asleep all day.” I moan softly, refusing to open my eyes. I can feel his grin as he presses soft kisses against my neck. “I have a surprise for you…” he teases.
“Well, he’s not going to feel great for a while, and you’ll have to take it easy and keep an eye on it, but he should be just fine. Tomorrow we’ll look at it again, and I can give you a cream to use that’ll numb it a little. But he’s a tough little guy. He’ll be just fine.” Dean nods, relieved, and Benny pauses. “Any info on the guy that did this?”
Dean nods, giving him a small smile. “Yeah. Just couldn’t sleep. Thinking too much. I didn’t want to disturb you.”
Cas shook his head. “Of course not, Dean. I told you, you’re welcome here as long as you want. I like having you here. Knowing more about your situation helps me understand how I can help you, but I would never ask you to leave because of it.”
“I’m not a psychologist,” Cas reminded her. “I don’t know anything about working through trauma. Clearly, considering how terribly I dealt with my own.”
He gives them a short nod before walking out, and Dean’s eyes follow him out the door. Cas frowns at his tense posture. “Dean? You okay? What was that about?”
Bobby chuckled, shrugging slightly. “I lied. Truth is, I know you always seemed to have an easier time workin’ through things when you had somethin’ to do with your hands. Figure’d it’d be better to set you loose in the garage than let you wallow. But you and the kid worked hard, you should get to enjoy her.”
Benny smiled. “Well, that’s the interesting thing about horses. Sometimes they just have a sense about people. You must be special.” Part of Dean wanted to argue, to insist that there’s nothing special about him at all, but instead he just focused on his petting until Benny is done. “She looks good,” he said finally when he let himself out of the stall. “There’s still a couple months to go, but everything looks normal, and she’s healing up pretty well.”
Dean glanced up at that, sniffling softly. “You don’t have to help me...I know we just got the biggest win, and you have a whole life to plan out with Eileen...It’s what you’ve always wanted. This is just...it’s something that I need to do.”
“You’ll be fine, Cas,” I tell him. “We can work on the power thing, but try not to worry so much. We’re here to help, remember?”
“Shh, shh,” Dean soothes, grounding him with a light hand against his lower back. “Just gotta make sure you’re okay. Deep breaths for me.” His fingers feel along the smooth walls for a minute before slowly withdrawing, and he presses a soft kiss between his shoulder blades. Cas hears the click of a cap before Dean’s hands return, rubbing cream into the sore skin of his ass, shushing him softly when he whimpers. “Good boy,” he murmurs when he’s finished. “You did good.” Cas groans in protest when Dean pulls him up into his lap, dragging the pillow with him. “I know you’re tired sweetheart. Just need you to eat a little something for me, and then I’ll let you sleep, okay? I promise.” Cas nods reluctantly, curling up against Dean’s chest, but he swallows obediently when Dean tips a glass of water against his lips. Cas’ eyes close, and the glass disappears, only to be replaced with the sweet taste of fruit being offered from Dean’s fingers. Dean kisses his temple softly, murmuring praises until the bowl is empty. His fingers travel to the back of Cas’ collar, stroking it lightly. “Can I take this off now?” Cas whines softly. “Okay, how about if I just loosen it a little?” He thinks for a moment, then nods, lifting his chin a little as Dean loosens it, kissing the back of his neck softly. “Alright baby, you’re all done. Just relax now. I’m so, so proud of you.”
“Yeah,” Dean murmured, cautiously wrapping an arm around him and remembering to breathe when Cas relaxed under it. “Yeah, this is...this is good.”
Cas follows me into the kitchen, watching while I search through the fridge. “I must say, you have taken to helping Hadriel more than I thought.”
He chuckles. “What? I’m just being thorough.” He kisses and bites along the insides of my thighs, giving me a chance to breath for a moment before his mouth dips lower. A strange sound escapes me, somewhere between shock and pleasure, as his tongue lightly probes around the sensitive flesh.
I nod, sighing softly and holding him closer, stroking his messy hair lightly as if it might make him feel better. “He looked at me like I betrayed him. What’d we give him anyway? Why’d you even bring that?”
Dean nods slowly, considering it for a moment. “I understand why you feel that way,” he starts carefully. “But I also don’t want to hurt you, and I don’t want you to be afraid of me.” Cas looks down at the floor. “So, I’ll make you a deal.”
Cas sighs, lips parting as Dean licks gently into his mouth. He moans softly at the taste of him, shifting to press up against Dean’s chest before slowly pulling away. “You’re incredible,” he murmurs, smiling at the light blush that flashes across Dean’s face. “It makes you uncomfortable to be complimented,” he observes.
My heart leaps into my throat at the words, but I manage a nod, drying off my hands. “Sure. Come on, we can talk in the library.”
Cas pulled up the image on his laptop, frowning slightly as it loaded in. “That’s him,” he murmured, sighing softly. “That’s definitely him. What are we gonna do, Charlie? If you’re right, this is...so much bigger than just Dean. They could be out there right now, taking more kids and doing god-knows-what to them...”
“Anytime,” I chuckle. “Want to come out to the kitchen with me?” He nods, so I carefully pull him up, leading him down the hall. He sticks close, dropping into a chair and making a small, grateful sound when I set a cup of coffee in front of him. “Was it the usual dream?”
Cas grinned, leaning in again to kiss him softly. “That sounds perfect.” He took the ring out of the box, gently taking Dean’s hand and sliding it onto his finger. The metal seemed to almost buzz against his skin, and Dean looked down at it, noticing the swirling of the blue stripe. “That’s...?”
“I don’t know,” I admit. “But we’ll figure it out.” This doesn’t do much to calm him, and his breaths grow more erratic as I half drag, half carry him to his room, sitting him down on the bed. “Dean, you need to calm down,” I say calmly. “You’re going to make yourself sick.”
“I don’t mind it so much,” he answers softly. I prod at the connection, finding a feeling that’s almost…hopeful? He looks back over his shoulder as I inspect the Enochian symbols carved into it. “It’s…your name,” he murmurs, embarrassed. “The inscription on the inside is a binding spell. It’s inactive, of course, but…” he trails off.
“I’m glad you like it,” Dean smiles. Cas just hums in response, closing his eyes again. He feels the hand at his back slide slowly over the curve of his ass to the back of his thigh, pulling it to rest over Dean’s before gently kneading the muscles. He moans softly into the pillow, hearing Dean chuckle. “Right there?” He nods, sighing softly as Dean captures his lips again, letting him guide the slow, sweet kiss. He whimpers as Dean’s teeth tug lightly at his bottom lip.
Gabriel nods, taking Sam’s hand lightly. There’s a loud crack before his own wings unfold, and I see now what Cas meant about the color of mine. The bright gold feathers shimmer lightly, and Sam’s wings shift to brush against them. Sam startles at the movement, but visibly relaxes at the contact. “It’s all gonna be alright Sammy, I promise,” he says softly. “I know it’s a lot to get used to, but I’m gonna help you through it.”
I nod, holding him securely against me. “I know, Dean,” I murmur, kissing his forehead softly. “You’re allowed to be scared. I’ve got you.”
a gender, at least not in the typical human sense, he knew that humans, Dean included, viewed him as male, due to the presentation of his vessel. He’d briefly considered trying to explain this nuance, to alleviate Dean’s stress about it, but quickly abandoned the idea, as any attempt at discussion of such things made the human flustered and defensive.
“I love you too,” I murmur, lightly combing my fingers through his disheveled hair. “So, so much. My angel.”
“Of course you can stay,” Cas answered, raising his eyebrows. “I have no intentions of kicking you out on the street. Of course, if there’s someplace you want to go instead that’s fine, we can get you there...is there somewhere you want to go? Maybe someone you’d like me to call for you?”
In the morning, Dean shakes Cas awake early, laughing when he whines and buries his head in the pillow. “Come on sweetheart, we gotta go.”
, my brain reminds me. I attempt to settle back into sleep, but the thought won’t leave me alone, so I carefully untangle myself from him and slip out to the kitchen. Sitting down with my coffee, I pick up the same angel lore books, but I can’t manage to focus on any of them. My gaze slides toward the basement stairs, and after listening to make sure no one else is awake I have to look for myself. I go downstairs quietly, pausing outside the door.
The corners of Cas’ mouth twitched up slightly, and he considered the swirling grace for a moment. “No,” he murmured under his breath.
Cas smiles. “Good boy. Come on, let’s try to look together.” I nod, taking a deep breath before I open my eyes again, finding him watching me in the mirror. I consider myself again, glancing away. “Broken…” I murmur. He looks at me curiously. “That’s what I see.”
.’ Well guess who didn’t deserve better, Cas? ME! No one was concerned about me knowing about all the shit trying to kill us! No one cared when I didn’t go to school, or when I had nightmares, or when I needed help! There was no one to comfort me while I was growing up terrified out of my mind with a drunk, abusive father and a horde of monsters chasing after me! No one fucking cared! So you know what, Cas? I don’t have to give a fuck either! I don’t need anyone, okay? Because I’ll never be good enough for anyone to give a shit about. And for the last time, I’M FINE!”
“Dean,” Cas murmured, shaking his head. “You can’t...you can’t love me. I’m...my vessel...it’s male.”
Despite himself, Dean smiled at the pride in her voice. Jody always had a way of making him feel better, and he found himself relaxing in the seat beside her. “Yeah, I guess so. We got lucky. So, what’s the plan for today?”
“Just for being you. I’ll do my best to let you know if I want to see her.” He pauses. “I’d like you to meet her one day.”
He just shushes me gently, continuing his task, whispering the words into the skin at my neck, my shoulder, the hollow at the base of my throat until I’m sobbing for real, clutching him to my chest like he’s the only thing keeping me from shattering into a million pieces.
Cas hums thoughtfully, landing a hard smack on the perfect globe of the human’s ass, causing him to clench around his fingers and sending another wave of pleasure through the already desperate hunter. “You will come when and how I decide to let you,” the angel reminds him. “And I’m not sure you’ve earned it quite yet. But I’ll make you a deal. If you can be good for me and take my whole hand, then I’ll let you come.”
He nods, and suddenly we’re back in the bunker. “Car’s in the garage, before you ask.” He looks over to where I still hold Dean, holding a hand out. “May I?” I nod, and suddenly Dean is wiped clean of the dirt and sweat, his wound healed over. “There. At least now he won’t be in pain when he wakes up.”
An uncomfortable feeling starts in the pit of Dean’s stomach, and he sits up too fast, the room spinning as he slumps forward. The angel grips his shoulder, and it’s like lightning, the shocks ripping through him as he gasps, squeezing his eyes shut. It’s too much; he hasn’t been
I nod, kissing him softly. “I’m sure they did just fine.” He nods, starting to get up, but freezes, staring off into the distance. “Cas?” I ask. “What’s wrong?”
Cas shrugs. “I got bored. It was there. But I also know that you’ll protect me. And it’s not because you think I’m weak, or that I need your protection. It’s because you want to, because you care about me. And I’ll always try to protect you too, angel or not. Because I care about you too, and that’s what families do.” He glances up. “Did I get that right? I’m still not really sure.”
“Like I said, you don’t have to,” Dean says quickly, rubbing at the back of his neck. “I just thought…”
“I think your expertise in human life might be helpful.” I nod my agreement, and suddenly I’m fully clothed and standing in an overcast forest. It takes me a moment to notice the hyperventilating dark-haired boy at our feet, not more than a child. He reminds me so much of Sam that I pause for a moment, and Cas frowns. “Hadriel, it’s Castiel. What’s troubling you?” The boy doesn’t answer, staring up at us with wide eyes as he struggles to draw in oxygen. “He doesn’t appear injured,” Cas murmurs to me.
He nods. “I know.” He stands there for another moment before climbing into the tub, sighing softly as he settles down in the water. “That’s nice,” he murmurs, his eyes closing.
Cas smiles, his fingers gently tracing along my jaw until he can lift my chin for a soft kiss. “Then don’t. Let me keep you safe for a while.”
He grins, leaning up to kiss me softly as he starts a careful rhythm. Slowly, the weird feeling eases, and it starts to feel surprisingly good. A soft moan escapes me, and he smiles. His finger slides almost all the way out, then slides smoothly back in with two. I gasp at the stretch, but he pauses to let me adjust, and I remember to breathe this time. “How’s that?”
“Something shady going on with the principal, but I don’t know if it’s our kind of shady or spending-the-school’s-money-on-crack kinda shady. Nothing concrete. I was thinking we could go back tonight and check for hex bags,” Dean explains.
