He huffed and threw his hands up. “Dude, I don’t know. There’s too much flip-flopping goin’ on.”
His brother turned red. It was kinda cute. “No. There is no…There’s not any of that going on. Ever, like, I’m not even…And he said it wasn’t true later. And…Just shut up, Sam!”
“Not now, man.”
straight.”
It took Kevin around a month of being holed up in his old room in the bunker to translate the Human Tablet. As it turns out, there wasn’t whole lot they didn’t already know.
He looked back up at Cas and was a little shocked. Cas had taken back control. He was shaking and looking around like he had completely forgotten where he was.
His eyes darted back to Dean’s. “Up to you, man.”
Someone knocked on the door after ten minutes, so Cas vacated the space. He had prepared himself for more of the same conversation that he'd left. Thankfully, the focus had shifted while he was gone to the case at hand.
Dean sat up and pulled Cas to him. He kinda wished he had his shirt on, because now his chest was all wet and he was getting cold, and he hoped that Cas wasn’t gonna get snot all over him. But it was okay if he did. Dean just wanted to hold Cas, and hope that helped him feel better.
“That’s your cut. And we’ve still got three more bags I’ve got lined up to sell on the way back to the Bunker.”
He shook his head. “No. But if they’re keeping whatever’s going on this secret, I’d say it’s probably gonna be our kinda thing. And it’s gonna be something big.”
“So you’ve said. But we’re
“I know. It’s okay, we’re both okay. I’m sorry, too. Come on, you need to lie down.”
“Nah, I guess not.”
Cas stiffened over Sam’s laptop; he was supposed to be practicing on learning how to use it, but Dean hadn’t heard any typing or clicking, so he supposed Cas had given up on it and was just sitting there, glaring at the screen. Sam looked up, interested. Dean had told him the very basics of their making up, and he had told him Cas had a secret place.
"What?"
He chuckled. “I like it when you do that. ‘Hello, Dean’.”
The next thing he knew, he was throwing up in the toilet until he was dry heaving and tears were running down his face, and more blood was coming from his nose.
“He guessed.”
Cas tried, really really hard to reach over to Dean to comfort him, but he could just move his fingers some. “He’ll be okay. He always is. You two are notoriously difficult to kill.”
Dean shrugged. “I’ve seen people get them all over. The Trans’ had theirs on their arms, Charlie had hers put between her shoulders. I met a dude in Montana who had his on the sole of his foot. And you know where mine and Sam’s are. It’s up to you.”
“I don’t think Dean will be awake. And I need to say goodbye before my mind goes.”
Dean nearly jolted out of the bed again when Cas, with remarkable coordination considering how drunk he was, got on top of him, straddling his thighs and leaning over him, his hands near Dean’s shoulders. Cas bent his head down closer to Dean’s and he could feel him nosing at his hair. “You smell really pretty.”
Individual Warnings: Language, Sexy times, angst, fluff, violence, mild drug use, mentions of child abuse, animal cruelty, karmic justice, coffee, and ear trauma.
“Okay, the neighbor across the street found this guy. Let’s leave Dean here, and we’ll go check him out.”
He sniffed, and with a lot of concentration he managed to lean forward and kiss Dean on the forehead. “Don’t hate me,” he whispered.
“Okay. Ashley Voorhees.”
“Cas?”
“Okay, guys. Good luck with the shopping.”
Dean huffed and closed the trunk. “Original Stones members, keep up, Sammy.”
“I don’t know. It very well might be. I didn’t speak to very many souls in Heaven.”
destiny. Why can’t it be both.”
“This guy was pretty active in the local Salvation Army?”
Dean laughed again. "Actually, I think they're gonna be doing all they can to
They stared at the screen, not really able to believe what they were seeing, and that was saying something. A mountain, an honest to God, huge-ass mountain was hovering over Las Vegas.
He stretched up onto his toes. “Ohh, I
"You're the best pillow ever."
“Feel free to look around. I left everything unlocked, this neighborhood is safe. I have a meeting then I have to pick up Stacey. Nora will come over soon to talk to you.”
Allie shrugged and her feathers ruffled. “Obviously, I made a mistake. Left too soon. Maybe...I shouldn’t have left at all.”
Cas turned and pointed at the dial on the front of the stove that read ‘HIGH’. “I thought the highest setting would cook the eggs the fastest.”
“What in the
Sam felt tight in his skin, like he was being pulled in five hundred different directions if he didn’t do something about the power pumping through him. It was like really awesome fire. He had missed this power. It was bad, he knew. But, God, he had
Sam came over, and glanced down at Cas. "Dean, is he gonna be okay?"
Charlie shrugged. “He preferred the original Idol lineup.”
“Yeah, okay, mon ange.” Cas already looked asleep.
“Are you talking about the Winchesters?” There was a sharpness in Allie’s tone. “
There was another long, high scream. Dean's voice shook. "Don't come in. No matter what you hear, Garth. Just wait, okay?"
"Cas, you sure you wanna do this?"
Charlie, Kevin, and Garth were all also in a tense silence. This was going to be one hell of a rescue mission. And everyone had a right to be nervous. They could see about twenty people milling around the perimeter, expecting Sam and Dean to come busting in, doing something crazy. Well, it was crazy. And there were parts of this he didn't entirely agree with, but Dean had been insistent.
He huffed. “Yes, and it’s taken care of.”
But those things didn't matter. Not when Dean held him with such surety, not when he started thrusting against him.
The food came and Dean came back to the table a minute later. They ate in silence for a while, until Dean set his half-eaten burger down and started to fidget.
Somehow, Cas got Dean back to his bed, then he was able to see him. Dean could already see the bruises coming up. He sat next to him, reaching out.
Lily smiled sadly. “I used to play over there every day. Caleb and me were best friends when we were little. We got into high school and stuff starting changing.”
It only got worse as he sunk his fingers into the feathers, automatically beginning the process of preening, occasionally wiping away grit with the wet cloth.
been able to have a real Christmas together at home. It’ll be fun.”
“Yep.” Allie popped the consonant sound at the end.
Dean thought he might faint for a second.
Cas sighed. “Chalk, a marker, a bowl, rosemary, thyme, honey…” He paused, thinking. “Do you happen to have anything with Sam’s blood on it?”
ZOOM OUT to reveal Bela as she walks up to the scene.
Bela’s back.
Damn you, Campbell.
Sam turns around to see Dean staring confusedly at his unbuttered toast, knife still in his hand.
10 INT. EILEEN’S HOUSE – LIVING ROOM – CONTINUOUS
MICHAEL
(confused)
11 INT. HELL – THRONE ROOM – DAY
Thank you all again so much for reading, I really appreciate it and I hope you're enjoying this as much as I am!
They were both cremated. So, we gotta find whatever object they are attached to.
Alex? It’s me, Sam, then one who was going to help you find your friend. We found him, he’s by the Ferris wheel if you want to meet us there.
EILEEN
BLACKOUT.
(too curious not to ask before he leaves)
"Are you sure? Something about food, maybe?" Cass looked at Ash expectantly as he spoke.
Sorry.
I don’t remember anything, but I swear it wasn’t me! I was asleep! I love Wes.
As Alex and Jamie leave, our group turns to each other, and Dean raises his eyebrows hopefully.
16 EXT. PACIFIC PARK - DAY
"Dammit, Cass! I told you not to leave that room!" Dean said.
As we watch, the demon steps away from the wall and slowly pulls something out of its suit jacket—a gun.
Dean.
I’m thinking about Cas, you know?
That doesn’t matter now, though. Rowena, what all happened? How much do you know of what Bela is trying to do?
Um... sure, I guess...
I’m honored, truly.
7  INT. HEAVEN – THE ROADHOUSE – DAY
(smugly)
Balthazar, Gabriel, and Michael-- now in the body of Adam Milligan-- all stand along the edge of a small lake. We hear a flutter of wings and Castiel comes into view, walking to join his fellow archangels along the lakeshore.
"Yeah! I'll send him a text to tell him to meet us in the library in 5 minutes." Dean smiled, pulling out his phone and starting to text Cass. It wasn't long before Charlie and Dean were sitting in a couple of armchairs at the back of the library, waiting for Cass who had replied saying he'd be there. "Cass! Over here!" Dean whisper-yelled when a boy with dark hair and startling blue eyes walked through the door and looked around. He smiled and jogged over to them then he tried to push Dean over so they could share the seat. Dean just kept pushing back against him saying something about "personal space".
Fine. Jack helped me get out of that place. He could have left me there, but he didn’t, and now... I feel oddly responsible for the kid. Like I need to protect him.
20 INT. EILEEN’S HOUSE – HALLWAY – MORNING
Devil’s Trap bullets. You do realize I’m not a demon don’t you, Bela?
Right. Be a kid.
REESE
CUT TO--
Eileen is studying Sam carefully as she eats, however, he doesn’t seem to notice.
GABRIEL
CUT TO--
CASTIEL
Does he need to know?
Well, I appreciate it.
SAM (CONT’D)
Yeah, that sounds like Bela.
CASTIEL
END OF ACT THREE
GABRIEL (CONT’D)
No, not a werewolf. Just a very pissed off spirit of a little girl. Turns out there had been a small forest fire about a month back that probably made the girl’s spirit angry.
CASTIEL
Just once, I would have liked a break, you know?
Nothing's showing up on the wire... social media's clean, too. You got anything?
BALTHAZAR
BLACKOUT.
"Oh yeah. Charlie, this is my cousin, Ash. Ash this is my friend Charlie. Ash is a waiter here although he's not very good at it. The only reason he hasn't been fired is because his mom is the owner of this place." Dean said.
Across the table from Dean, a woman-- MADELINE-- gives Dean a skeptical look.
Anyone else?
MICHAEL
"Um, right." Dean said. He turned to Castiel who was blushing furiously as he had heard what Michael said. "What did I just agree to?"
CASTIEL
(ignoring Dean)
So, you’re sure that every last bit of Chuck is outta my head? I don’t have some bit of him hiding away somewhere just waiting to take control?
Red wire cubbies, each filled with turnout gear, line the walls. Several FIREFIGHTERS are in the process of removing their gear and returning it to its place. Among them, is Dean, chatting with one of the firefighters-- TOMMI (30), social, upbeat, always smiling.
EILEEN
(annoyed)
We didn’t help her because we didn’t know how.
(annoyed)
"Because I was up all night last night and I've been working since 4am, that's why." Lucifer replied, clearly unamused.
(mildly annoyed, although we see a smile breaking through)
BALTHAZAR
(shouts)
EILEEN
Meg steps forward, an angel blade in her hand.
The rustling stops and we CUT back to the campers as Reese stands up from his log, slightly unsteady on his feet from the alcohol.
CUT TO--
On Castiel, rolling his eyes at Dean, as we--
DR. LEWIS (CONT’D)
This would be easier if you would talk to me, Dean. We can’t begin to understand what is going on with each other and to make this better if we don’t talk.
When I had texted you before and told you something bad was happening, Chuck had been erasing everyone from Earth. All he left was me, Dean, Jack, and Cas. It was... Earth was empty. He made us truly alone before our final face-off against him, and I’m sorry for worrying you then, but I wasn’t sure what was happening. All I knew was that everyone we cared about was disappearing.
EILEEN
JAMIE
(softly)
"Um... guys. Just one question. Who is this man sitting next to me?" Charlie asked, looking back and forth between Dean and Cass.
Okay, I’m gonna need you to repeat that.
TEASER
Uh, sure. Not sure what you think you’re going to find, but sure.
You know what? That pain’s not gonna go away. Right? But if we don’t keep living, then all that sacrifice is gonna be for nothing.
Put your number in this, I’ll let you know as soon as we find him. For now, just get someplace safe. I promise I’ll be in contact with you soon.
So, like, are we just completely rebuilding Heaven, then, or...
About that... Alex is missing. Someone has him, not Bela, but the demon that was possessing him before. Sam’s working on tracking his phone right now.
Dean walked to Cass' house as soon as he got home from The Roadhouse. It only took half a minute as it was right next door to his house. The only reason Dean and Castiel didn't drive to school together was because Castiel had so many siblings and Sam
To be honest, I was planning on cracking open a beer and waiting for Rowena’s call to pop down to Hell and either gank some sons o’ bitches or play Let’s Make A Deal, demon style.
"Well I haven't seen him in two days!" Uriel screamed, trying to beat his family in this little game.
DR. LEWIS
EILEEN
JACK (CONT’D)
EILEEN
Eileen regards Sam with scrutiny for a moment before she decides to drop it.
Not really, no. This is really the first time we’ve even celebrated in ages.
Dean knocks back his glass and reaches for the bottle to pour himself another couple of fingers, and Castiel holds his glass out to Dean.
(a beat)
You go ahead, Em. I'll be there in a minute, I’m just gonna wake these two lovers up first.
DEAN (CONT’D)
You mean like a deal.
Well, in that case...
23 EXT. FOREST – CONTINUOUS
Well, it looks like burning didn’t quite do the trick.
BLACKOUT.
Dean finally looks up at his brother, a serious expression on his face.
18 EXT. SANTA MONICA BEACH – DAY
So, what are you doing here, now?
No. He’s not.
You don’t need to apologize to me. Chuck was controlling you. It wasn’t really you acting that way.
CASTIEL
Hello. I need to speak with Ash.
No. They’ve got him.
Sorry. I’m just...
I’ve fought before, Dean.
Dean smiles as he looks around the room as he leans forward and blows out the candles.
Meg shrugs.
Now, how about we get to eating this Rice Krispie treat?
BALTHAZAR
Bye, Dean.
"I'm Charlie Bradbury. I'm new here and I haven't gotten my schedule yet." She replied, smiling just as widely as the receptionist.
Then we start looking. Yep, sounds good!
We focus on Emily as we hear the tent being unzipped off screen, shortly followed by Emily shifting in the sleeping bag to accommodate another person.
What do you mean, “there was a lot going on”?
I had to show you that he’s happy here.
BLACKOUT.
CASTIEL
Sam nods at Rowena, to which she gives a solemn smile.
Dean gives a small half-smile, but it’s gone in a moment.
I might die, too.
No, it doesn’t. I, um. I just wanted to.
"I'm sorry Cass and Dean, I didn't mean to upset you guys." Lucifer said, suddenly feeling guilty. That's right, Satan has can feel things too. Even guilt.
Dean doesn’t even look embarrassed by this revelation, too worried about Castiel’s sudden appearance to care.
Sam raises his eyebrows at Dean, clearly judging his brother.
It gives us a place to start. That woman was a dangerous criminal. But don’t worry, we’ll find your friend for you. She won’t hurt him. Here--
See you soon.
Dean scoffs-- she can’t be serious.
END OF ACT FOUR
Of course! I can feel it.
Dean carefully steps around and over the bodies, leading everyone through the hallway.
Jamie, man, I’m so glad you’re okay. I thought I was gonna have to explain something to Mae again, only this time it’d be worse, and she’d kill me.
Yeah. Thanks.
Before Sam can get his full question out, Gabriel smirks and snaps his fingers and with a bright flash of light, we CUT TO--
As Dean sits down, he starts asking a question--
On the sofa in front of the tv sits Cas. Jack is wrapped up in a blanket on the floor in front of him, clearly excited about the movie. Meg sprawls in an armchair in the corner of the room like she owns the thing. Everyone has a bowl of popcorn to themselves despite the fact that none of them need to eat.
Dean reaches his free hand up to wipe his eyes.
Eileen shrugs.
Jamie nods.
Demon deals are our top provider of fresh souls. Without them there would be a shortage of souls and the lower demons assigned to torturing those souls would get restless and go to Earth to torture still-living souls. Trust me, you want that even less than you want people making deals.
Castiel gave a gasp of realization as Dean continued “So that was Afternoon’s whole goal! With all the mind games he was playing on Thursday.” Dean was getting especially animated now, and started standing up as he kept speaking. “And any other day of the week would have immediately fallen for it, and just let the poison keep spreading, trying their best to contain it in themselves before they inevitably couldn’t anymore and it spread to the rest of the days. Hell, even Thursday almost fell for it. But, Thursday made the choice to instead break ranks, and find help to remove the poison, even if it meant destabilizing the week until he was healed.”
Cas was rambling on excitedly about some fancy book or another they had just started in his AP Lit. class and while Dean had absolutely no idea what he was talking about, he was content to just listen to his friend’s voice. He needed to stay calm about asking Cas out tonight, or else he would chicken out again. Spacing out a bit listening to his friend’s soothing voice didn’t seem like a bad way to do that.
“Aww, ‘charming personality’?” Dean bashed his eyes. “Bobby, you’re making me blush,” he joked as he leaned over to take a look at the stack. He pulled it to himself and opened the cover.
How wrong he was. Naomi told him she had seen him in action and wanted him as her soldier. She said she had watched as Castiel had slaughtered other angels, his bretheren, an act Castiel couldn’t live with himself for, and she told Castiel she wanted him to do it more. He didn’t tell Dean this part though
“Ooh, Cassie! You have it bad! Oh I’m so proud,” Balthazar said, pretending to wipe a tear from the side of his cheek.
“Thank you, Dean,” Cas said, nodding and turning away.
He pulled up to the scene and parked his Impala. He hadn’t passed any ambulances on the way there, which was strange for a skirmish involving the Angels. He supposed that was a good thing though, maybe this time the Angels were only apprehending criminals, not saving victims. When he got to the scene, however, he realized how wrong he was.
That was the first time one of the Angels had spoken to a reporter. Bobby assigned a couple other reporters to work angels cases on a rotation with Dean, but no one else ever got an interview. Bobby assigned Dean to work all the Angels reports after that, and the first time Dean tried to interview the Archangel he had, indeed, ended up glued to his car. It was not his finest moment.
Dean stuck his elbow out dramatically. “Shall we depart, Mister Novak?”
Cas and Dean were lying next to each other in Cas’s garden, looking up at the stars, their fingers interlaced on the ground between them. It was nice. Peaceful. They would go back in forth between having conversations as they arose and then lapsing back into comfortable, companionable silence. Castiel found both equally enjoyable.
Dean’s not happy about it, but he concedes with a simple glare and a warning.
Jack sobs even harder as the black ink slowly takes over Castiel’s form in a hauntingly accurate reenactment of his death.
Um, I was just about to head to a case and was wondering if you’d want to come? It’s in Washington state, some campers were killed. It looks like a werewolf to me.
I won’t. We have each other until the end of time.
As Sam lights the lighter and holds it to the rope above his head, Gertrude reaches down and stabs him in the chest with her knife.
(to Dean)
(awkwardly)
GABRIEL
Ectoplasm drips from Emily’s eye as she fits the noose around Sam’s neck and drags him towards the tree in the center of the clearing.
1  EXT. SANTA MONICA BEACH – DAY
"How do you know what dog shit tastes like?" Charlie asked through laughter.
Are you okay?
Dean shrugs.
A female demon walks, alone, through the dark, fire lit hallways of Hell. She stays far enough away from the light that we cannot make out what she looks like.
"Come on, lemme show you around." Dean said, grabbing her arm and leading her into the hallway. The bell signaling the start of first period rung and the few stragglers left in the hallways quickly left into their classrooms.
CASTIEL
Felt like the bitch removed all my organs.
Sam pulls his phone out of his swim shorts pocket and hands it to Alex.
GABRIEL (O.S.)
"Of course, honey. Dean, if you want you can go too." Becky said.
POLICE OFFICER
CASTIEL
END OF ACT ONE
CUT TO show both Jack and Castiel, the former with a look of excitement and the latter hesitation, as Jack flips the switch. For a moment, it seems as if nothing has happened then--
Episode #1604
28 INT. MEN OF LETTERS – DEAN CAVE – MOMENTS LATER
When she finishes stretching, Emily catches sight of the blood stains on her hands and looks down at herself. Upon seeing all of the blood, Emily screams in terror.
Sam lets Dean’s words sink in. This isn’t what he expected Dean to be thinking about, and he isn’t quite sure how to react.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean moves out of the way to let Meg pass him. He can’t believe that he’s letting her join, and he hopes his judgement doesn’t get proven to be wrong.
As Jack helps Cas up, we see a flash of bright light and CUT--
It’s Sam. And not as simple as I thought it would be.
Dr. Lewis shakes her head as she gives up on her attempts at cleaning and hands a report over to Sam.
Reese grabs a can out of a cooler and tosses it to Emily.
CASTIEL
(to Cas)
EILEEN
One of the officers turns to address Sam and Eileen.
Jack gives the Empty a look that he clearly picked up from Dean as he raises a hand. With a snap of Jack’s fingers, the Empty explodes, black ink splattering everywhere and melting into the void.
Okay, I’m gonna need you to do that, and--
POLICE OFFICER
EMILY
EILEEN quickly appears on the screen of Sam’s phone, waving at him with a smile.
He’s thinking a lot of things at the moment, most of them have nothing to do with the case, but he decides to answer simply.
WIDER. The demon moves quickly, aiming the gun at Rowena and firing it, but Rowena is quicker.
(shouting)
We don't know. The last time I saw him was just before I went to Earth to talk to Adam.
CASTIEL
TOMMI
EILEEN
I would like that, Dean.
We focus on Eileen's hands behind her back as she carefully unclasps the bracelet around her wrist, letting it drop to the ground as the beads roll everywhere, a few of them into Emily's cell.
He turns to look at Cas, grounding himself in the present with the fact that Cas is now there, beside him in the Impala.
You think it might be older?
Castiel starts making his way to the backrooms when Ellen calls out to him.
-2MusicLover2
Can you tell me what these memories were?
"Nope. It's just me." Charlie replied, her expression becoming sad.
Sam, Eileen, and a POLICE OFFICER stand around a table as the officer pulls bloody clothes out of a plastic evidence bag-- Emily’s clothes from the night Wesley, Nathan, and Reese were killed.
Emily slowly sits up and stretches, the sleeping bag falling away to reveal that she is covered in blood.
CASTIEL
He knows what Dean is talking about, but he doesn’t want to admit it.
CUT TO Jack, terror quickly taking over him.
CASTIEL
Lucifer stood just outside of Castiel’s bedroom door, about to burst in, when he heard Dean shouting.
Michael sees the bloody handprint on the jacket and holds it up. Cas immediately grabs it back and throws it on the bed behind him.
6  INT. MEN OF LETTERS – LIBRARY – DAY
No problem, kid.
But... I’m God. I could make it come true.
Dean straddles a chair on the edge of the room, his elbows resting on the back and his face in his hands. Cas hovers at his side, clearly worried about Dean but not sure what to do about it. On the bed lays Meg, Jack and Sam both worriedly standing by her side.
"Okay then." Ash said.
(a beat)
17 INT. HELL – HALLWAY – DAY
“Uh, yeah, I think you are, Cas.”
“I bumped into a guy coming out of the computer store. Just hit his shoulder.”
“Are you crazy,” he finally got out, his eyes still watering.
“Okay.” He could tell Dean felt uncomfortable with whatever he was going to say.
“Oh shit,” he whispered behind Dean, and the dragon moved slowly closer, but not close enough yet.
He was starting to look a little sick. “Boys, I’m a demon. Seen some bad things.
“What for?”
Dean seemed to think about that for a while. “What about animals?”
Dean stood in the middle of the room, and looked at Cas, still flipping through the files.
Dean hurriedly redressed while Cas leaned against the now warm tile and caught his breath. The floor was unpleasantly sticky under his one bare foot, so as soon as he had his balance back, Cas stepped back into the jeans, then his boot.
This wasn't really happening, was it?
Dean was having trouble breathing. "Don't. Don't you dare even think about it."
Sam had to hold back a laugh. “How’s your first human hangover going?”
“What is it?”
He moved to sit across from Hannah. “My name’s Cas. My friends are talking to your mom, and she asked me to watch you.”
“You could be shifters.”
She was very short, with curly black hair and light brown eyes. More importantly, she was all swelled up like a balloon, around seven or eight months pregnant. She looked around and saw Cas, and she smiled at him.
Cas hit the table with the palm of his hand. “Why does everything circle back to this? You’re a broken record, Dean!”
He released a small, humorless chuckle. "My battery died, man. We're in The Middle Of Nowhere, Montana, it's..."
“Looking.”
“Hey, if you guys aren’t, um…
Cas simply nodded, fully understanding. "Okay. Perhaps I should walk to that motel we passed. I can get us all a room."
"You remember..."
Sam had grunted. "Yeah. Bar."
There wasn’t one.
“What?”
Cas had gone and started looking. “Dr. Soong? Have you noticed this?”
“What’re you talking about?” Dean sat down; this was probably going to take a while.
"How long was I just a creature to you?"
“I said that I loved you.”
They were saved from a heavy, uncomfortable silence because Dean had turned the radio up pretty loud. He knew what was going on; Sammy needed to go to Jess’s grave. He still didn’t really understand the point of talking to a
Kevin kept going into trances and pointed Garth and the ‘Captain’ in the right direction, and the next day he frantically told them to stop. “Here. We’re right over top of the wreck.”
Dean could feel him hum against his throat, and then he moved so he was closer, and ground his hips against Dean’s.
Sam shook his head. “Whoa, trippy.”
He didn’t say anything, so Cas followed, “I know your ‘I haven’t been sleeping’ face by now.”
Hannah went back to drawing, making her traced hand look somewhat like a turkey.
There was a pull inside of him, eager to do what Dean had asked of him, but the orgasm just wouldn't happen.
Cas looked at him very seriously, then leaned over again so he could touch him on the shoulder, exactly where the print was. Dean didn’t feel anything, other than Cas had cold hands, but that was nothing new. He pressed in harder and was biting his bottom lip, eyes closed and face scrunched up like he was really focusing.
He laughed but then started fiddling with something in his pocket. “Uh, look. This is stupid. Just tell me, ‘Dean, you’re stupid, go away’.”
They turned their heads to look at each other. “Sorry Sammy.”
Gabriel patted him on the shoulder. “He does not want to kill you, Cas. Just talk, okay?”
The randomness of the statement made Cas lean back and frown. "I know that."
Cas rolled his eyes as Dean continued. "Besides, I wash, you fold, that's the deal."
Chapter Four: Depression
“No. We face this stuff by sticking together. If we’ve all learned anything in the past years, we know that’s the best thing. If you run off and try to hide, they’ll find you. And if they don’t, they still know where Sam and I are, they’ll get us and use it against you.”
“Hey, babe. Look, I’m sorry. But I think you’re gonna thank me when you’re thinking straight again.”
He had never,
She hissed at him, then head-butted his elbow. “Okay, what?”
“Case in point.”
“Whoa. Weird.”
The times before had been effortless. They had also been hasty, no time to think about little hang-ups like nerves. Dean had also taken charge those other times, preferring to control his own orgasms. Despite having rutted against him, this was actually the first time Cas had touched Dean, skin to skin.
So most of that day, Dean stayed in the kitchen. He’d very
Sam sighed. “Well, then, what about that coffee stuff?”
Sorry this has taken so long! Real life caught up, but I am back in the saddle!
Lucifer was still, just looking intently at Cas. “You were a soldier once, weren’t you, Castiel?”
Dean looked down at the stuff Sam had put on the floor. The big box was one of those fake, assemble-yourself trees.
Dean touched their noses together. "Relax. You're getting caught up in your own head. Just..."
“No, that’s because Dean is an asshole and likes to bug me. Pick a station.”
“Shit, Cas, I…”
Dean squeezed his hand tighter. “You were there. You told me all the angels had left, and you had become human. You were…It was kinda bad. Constantly drinking, taking pills and drugs and having…orgies.”
Sam snorted at the comment. "…but if Dean did all he says he did to get me back up here, I'm willin' to get the fella out."
Kevin nodded. “That explains the blue I saw, it was the ocean. And these tablets, they try to protect themselves. It probably did sink the ship, making sure no one would find it.”
"Bathroom?"
Dean leaned back. “So these are people whose lives would be ruined if someone knew their secrets. It’s the only connection so far.”
He got out and shut the door. “The hell? We have to walk all the way up there?”
Dean laughed. “Yeah, but she’s pretty cool.”
Dean went in the office, and when he came out he had two keys.
Cas puttered around, unpacking and exploring the room and the attached bathroom.
Cas then thought about what made him unhappy in the past. And the first thought was how Dean kept pushing him away, then coming back to him.
Sam turned to look at him. “Are you serious?”
He practically
“Well, I’m pretty sure this is ectoplasm. Which means this is one pissed-the-hell-off spirit. I’ve only seen a couple of cases where this stuff was generated.”
Dean had gotten out a flashlight and they started down the dusty wooden stairway that had been right behind the magic door. “What, you think this Linda chick magicked her door?”
When he had the full function of his hands, Cas got into learning the guns with the same gusto as he had been researching. Dean taught him all the different guns they had except for the sniper rifle, because just no, how they all worked, how to clean them correctly. There was almost an incident when Cas hadn’t quite braced himself as much as Dean had told him too, and the kick-back from the shotgun knocked him on his ass. Dean had laughed at Cas’ surprised face when he experienced getting the wind knocked out of him for the first time. There had almost been another incident when Cas reminded Dean that it was unwise to laugh at a man with a shotgun, but he was still winded, so it wasn’t as threatening as it should have been.
“No, you know he didn’t. Look, I know you want to get powered back up, but you gotta face it. You’re human now. And you’re going to be for a long time.”
“Dean, when will we get to Wilmington?”
Dean kicked at the ground. "I guess. But..."
Cas had the nerve to snort lightly. “Really, Dean. It’s okay, I know you’re tired. I’m tired, too.”
He smiled at Sam. “The magic wore off a long time ago, but I bet that’s what drew you to this.”
She fidgeted with the sash of her gown. "I left my sister. I...I needed my space. That was two years ago. I've done what I could, but..."
Just after Cas went outside with Lizzy, Sam started pulling up the usual websites, looking for whatever weirdness might be going on in Wilmington. He didn’t find anything, though, other than a couple of robberies and an old man dying from pneumonia.
Dean groaned above him as Cas kissed a line across his body to one nipple. His skin tasted like the wood fire outside the window.
“Ashley Richardson. She was 24. Lived alone. No family in town. When she didn’t show up to work and didn’t answer her phone, co-workers called the police. She worked at a real estate firm. The last person to see her was her boyfriend, Gary, who was at her apartment the night she died. But then another friend, Anne, called her after he left and they talked so it wasn’t Gary.”
For a while they worked in silence, Cas learning what he could from the hex bags, and Dean slowly researching on the Internet.
“Your brother is not lost, not as far as I know. Go, and we’ll discuss it.”
He looked at the time. It was after one. “Yes. I am.”
The brothers followed Cas out the front door, and up the bank to the side of the bunker. “See? I noticed a trail.”
“Being this…human.”
“Yeah, you kinda got that across, Cas.”
“It was a long shot.” He glanced over at Crowley.
Cas was genuinely confused now. “Dean, I’m not sure what you’re talking about.”
Cas had grabbed him by the shoulders and pulled him in for a sloppy kiss, his tongue going as deep into Dean's mouth as it could. Dean chuckled. Looked like he had a kinky little angel on his hands now that he'd got him going.
Cas managed a smile. “You let her
Dean rolled his eyes and got back in the bed. The sheets smelled a little bit like Cas, and he really liked that. He leaned over and kissed Dean on his forehead.
Maggie clicked her tongue, a silver ball piercing tacking against her teeth. “What do you guys need me for?”
"They are about you. And Sam. Sometimes Kevin, or Charlie, or Benny, or Garth."
Dean grabbed it. “Alright. Let’s go then.”
“Your secret is safe with me, don’t worry. But, I can tell...You aren’t totally satisfied with what you have. Don’t think that there may not be better things out there for you. Just...Keep it in mind.”
Dean managed to procrastinate all day. He told Sam what Kevin had said, he made lunch, he replaced some light bulbs that had blown out, he tuned up the Impala, he waxed the Impala, he pruned the grass around the bunker door, he even started dusting some shelves in the library before Sam started giving him pointed looks and motioning to where the bedrooms were.
"Dean, go get cleaned up."
Cas reached out and the cat sniffed at his hand. “You think this is it?”
“This
It was air freshener.
Another chime. "Also, he wants to know what's taking so long. He wants his clothing."
Dean rubbed his eyes and groaned. "God. I'm sorry I woke you up, babe. Go…go back to bed, I'll be fine."
Sam managed to get two more, and then he must have let his guard down because he got slammed on the floor, knocking the sword away. Before the mangel could stab him, though, he managed to pull out his gun and shoot it. He got back up and it was quiet, except for their heavy breathing. "Everyone okay?"
Cas had to stare at it for a minute before he found the right switch. He walked across the room and stood next to the bed, at the side that Dean wasn’t laying on. “May I?”
Dean frowned. “What do you mean?”
"No!," they both said at the same time.
Sam nodded. “Yeah. But this woman seemed like a good person. Some of these deaths are extreme. I mean, the kid and animal abusers I can understand. This is over-kill.”
Dean started feeling frustrated. “Yeah. Where are you going to go?”
“Whoo! Well, gotta go.”
Cas put his hand on the doorknob and said something under his breath. It must have been an Enochian word, because there was a click and it swung open.
Dean just crossed his arms and Cas wouldn't look up from the floor. Sam looked back and forth between the both of them, waiting to see who would be the first to break. It ended up being Dean.
Cas leaned forward. “We understand you found Dr. Adams?”
Dean stood close; it was a small room after all, and he placed a hand on Cas’s elbow.
dragon?”
Dean went into Cas’s room and tossed an empty duffle bag on his bed.
She stood up wiping her hands off on one of those long hippie skirts.
Dean smiled at him. “Nope. Bonding. Portland. You and Cas. Don’t argue. But before you guys go, me and Cas need to run an errand. So start packing.”
Dean clicked his tongue. "Smoker? Really?"
There was a really tense silence until Cas moved over and sat in the desk chair. “One of these days we’ll have to have a fight and make up without Sam mediating.”
Dean knew that it was going to be a bitch of a day almost immediately that morning when they pulled up the drive to where the seventh victim had lived. The driveway was bumpy and sandy and seemed to take forever to get down, and then when they could see a rambly looking house, he had to stop because there was a gate across with a big sign saying ‘No Motor Vehicles Past This Point’.
Just then he popped up on the screen. “Hey! Guys, guys check us out! Come on, dude, do it with me, do it!”
Dean was definitely freaked out now. This was the same Risa from that alternate future than Dean tried not to think about. She looked exactly the same. Maybe softer, not as hard in the eyes, but it was the same woman.
Her eyes returned to Cas’ face. “I know where you are now. The true siblings I have found will be watching you. Did you know our telepathic abilities are still fully intact? We have just enough Grace left. We know all your secrets.”
They deserved their diversions, though. This bar visit came on the tail end of a difficult hunt. A poltergeist was tormenting an Arkansas family, and the young daughter was getting the worst of it.
Cas was having trouble understanding what she was saying, but he didn’t want to interrupt.
Dean answered with a kiss, but not the one Cas expected. He kissed him under his jaw, where it met with his throat. Then another on the opposite side, on the cheekbone just below the eye.
Dean relaxed a little, breathing a sigh of relief. “Yeah, ha ha, very funny.”
Warnings: Chick flick moments, yelling, kissing, language, and evil ladies.
Dean held him closer. "Hey, you didn't ruin anything. First times with people are always gonna be awkward one way or another. But, hey, at least we both liked it, right?"
Cas tried not to be resentful of his first stint of humanity, but it was hard sometimes.
. If you don't want to do this, I'm not gonna make you."
There was a really hard case in Maine, made even shittier because the temperatures never got above freezing the whole time they were there. Dean had come across an article on the internet about a town that was convinced it was under attack by something. Of course, no one was taking it seriously, so on the road they went.
He pulled the door open a ways. Dean had a faint smile back on his lips. "Here. Just throw that one in the trash. And hurry up. These fuckers ain't gonna fold themselves."
“I don’t wanna fight with you, Cas.” It was almost a whisper.
He stood up and adjusted his suit. “If that is all?”
The day before he was supposed to pick Sam up, Dean went on an appropriate supply run. The doctors had told him Sam would still need a high-protein diet to finish healing up and get his strength back, so Dean loaded up on meat and eggs and lots of vegetables and fruits because Sam would be bitching if he was on a meat and eggs only diet. He also got about five jars of tasteless, clear protein powder.
He straightened up and Dean pulled his arm back. "You gotta tell us when stuff like this starts bothering you. Don't let it build up until you get so down that you say shit like 'I wanna die'."
The little girl leaned forward. “What is it?”
“And Sam is okay?”
Sam was jabbing his fork at Dean. "Look at you. Being a supportive friend. 'M proud."
“So you threw spoons at us?”
Dean rolled his eyes. “Swayze! Swayze
"You wanted a stranger."
Cas picked one up. “Alkonost feathers are powerful. If seeped in a tea, they make one of the most potent mood stabilizers in existence. An apothecary would buy them, I’m sure.”
“I think you met her. I was experimenting, you know, playing around. And I found out how to manipulate and taint a soul through this…being I created. I made Lilith, and then Cain. My creation, I named it Legion, since all demons came from it. But it was unstable, so I needed to put it into something. With the mark on Cain, I decided to put it into the First Blade.”
Sam nodded and smiled encouragingly. “We’re doing our best, sir.”
Dean shrugged. “Probably. I guess we should go to the apartment. Talk to the girlfriend?”
Dean felt something, the familiar feeling of being pissed the hell off, even though he didn’t really know why. He’d been keeping himself in check, partially because Cas being hurt was his fault, and partially because he didn’t want to start anything.
Benny nodded. "It's true, Dean. Get goin' before I start lickin' on ya."
There had been a few rough weeks after that, mostly spent hanging around the Bunker. The finality of his situation, however voluntary, hit him hard. But with words of encouragement...
, don’t get all geared up for round three. Just…Go to sleep.”
Cas instinctively pulled at the strings, and Lucifer/Sam flinched. “Ow!”
He turned to look at Cas, but just ended up leaning his forehead on Cas’ shoulder and started crying again. It was embarrassing and painful, actually painful because his ribs were throbbing.
"It's okay, babe."
Castiel had more intriguing plans for the day.
Sam stopped and looked around. “Huh. Yeah, it doesn’t look like there’s anything worth being out here for. No trash cans, he doesn’t have any patio type stuff. It would have been in the report if he had, like a telescope or something like that out with him.”
Dean turned towards Chuck. “Why are you even asking? I mean, you already know what he’s going to say, right? ‘God powers’,” he mocked.
"Where'd Sam go?"
Sam pulled it out. There were a few post-its on the front page, but he flipped to the current day.
Dean managed to breathe out a weak laugh as Cas tried to get a little bit closer, and he somehow weaseled his hands up the back of Dean’s shirts.
Hannah nodded. “Like a confushun?”
Charlie leaned back and shrugged. “For people who weren’t too bad. But people who did really bad stuff, like murder or rape, they have a special hell. There’s a panel of judges who sees each person and decides where they go. And if they were bad enough, they get their own hell. Say a murderer, he would spend every day being murdered. A child molester would spend every day as their child self, being molested. Get the idea?”
Dean swayed a little. “Well. You’re J, so you call me…Q.”
Cas had just slumped down in his arm chair and curled up looking miserable.
Speaking of which….
It was a drive from northern Kansas down to New Orleans, and they kept switching up the passengers between Dean’s car and Charlie’s. The six hours stuck with Garth trying to explain the license plate game to Cas were some of the longest of his life.
He slapped at his hand. “It will if you keep doing that, dumb ass.”
Sam looked at him. “Superstitious?”
,” Cas was sounding impatient.
It took two weeks.
“I was under very strict orders not to interfere. I knew the demon was close, but when I asked my superiors I was told to stand down.”
“What happens to angels when they die?”
He glanced over and Dean had a rare, full smile on his face. “Uhm. Good. That’s good. And I think of you the same way. What you said…Me, too. Boyfriend.”
Cas read from the backseat. “Reggie O’Harris. He had a wife, Rita and they had six kids.”
“What happened,” Cas managed to croak out. Dean frowned.
Cas interrupted. “She is married. Her husband’s name is Eric. They have two children, a girl named Annie, and a son. Named Dean.”
Dean sighed and knelt in front of him. "I know you don't like feeling useless. Just be patient, babe. Another week or so and you'll be fine again. Just…Please, be careful."
Despite not having even stepped more than a foot in the room, Dean pointed. "On the left, baby. Take your time, I'll be ready when you are."
“Cas? Hey, man, I need you to focus.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He leaned forward towards Dean. “How old were you when you started getting drunk? What mistakes did
“E-bay, duh. It was expensive as crap but that’s where my skills came in. So we made a whole bunch of these jars of the stuff, and then we raided the keep. And by keep, I kinda mean abandoned warehouse. Why is it always abandoned warehouses? I mean, they’re crap. Hide in the Hilton next time…”
Cas tried to glance over. "What are you…"
Dean was checking his head when he noticed a lot of blood coming out of the back, trickling down his neck.
Cas showed him, still, after everything they had gone through…It was almost too much.
It just didn’t go onto the paper looking right.
Sam grumbled something and went on to his new room. Cas had turned red and looked like he wanted to shrivel up and die.
It was like some kind of switch had flipped, and what was once a tense silence was now vibrating. The troops were ready to go into action.
And since their decision, rooming has never been a problem.
Castiel whines, “Dean. I need you.” Dean feels his heart flutter. God, he hopes that is the truth, he hopes not a day goes by that Castiel doesn't want and need him there.
The first house they stopped at, an old woman answered the door. She screamed into the house to her husband, "come see these kids! They're so cute!" Dean hugs Sammy behind his back. Sure, they are allowed to be nice to them, but Sammy is his little brother. And screaming in front of him isn't something Dean wants to have him witness. The woman gives each of them a big handful of candy and Castiel says thanks before running after Dean who pulls Sam away.
. Now she has only seen him stop in once in the past week and that was to give their teacher an “appreciation letter” from their principal Roman. She hopes his lack of appearance is not because of the survey. But how could that possibly have reached the teachers eyes? The group is locked to only senior students and no one is dumb enough to accept a teacher into the group. She also has noticed Ms. Bradbury stopping in a lot more. She gives their teacher flashcards and sticky notes and winks at him and makes him laugh. She also swears she saw Ms. B slip a note to him, making his ears turn bright red.
Dean gives Cas an origami book and a tiny chess set so his friend can practice more and teach him, like they’ve talked about. Cas is gleeful opening the two and hugs Dean in thanks. Dean opens Castiel’s gifts next and laughs opening a Han Shot First poster. He’s admiring the artist's detail and then Castiel hands him another smaller box. Inside, Dean sees a tiny gold charm on a long necklace loop. He smiles at Cas and asks, “a bee?”
Dean doesn’t know how to really clear his name to Castiel’s best friend. Even if Cas and she haven’t known each other for long- Dean knows Meg is one of the closest people to him.
Cas sinks to his knees in front of Dean, and kisses his way up his legs and then jerks Dean’s joggers down to the ground. He gives feather light touches on Dean’s skin and brings Dean to the edge before even palming at Dean’s cock.
Although he’s pulling back, he feels Dean grab his hand and pull him back closer. “Dean?” He feels his head cock to the side and Dean just smiles deeper.
Dean meets Castiel eyes for a second and then looks away. It honestly feels like such a stab in the gut to see Castiel’s blissed out face and staticky hair. He’s not sure why it’s bothering him so much. If Benny was in the bathroom with a girl, or hell, even another guy- he’d be ecstatic for him. But because it’s Cas he feels… anger? Sadness? “You guys planning on telling me, ever?”
Before Cas can let his thoughts spiral out of control, he surprises Dean by their next plan of the day. They meet the girls at a tea shop and then walk from there to mini golf. Thankfully having Jo and Charlie with them, the awkward tension fizzles out. Dean jokes with Cas and he let’s Cas place his hands in position on the putter when Dean groans about his shot not being good enough because “my hand slipped.”
Dean’s excited to get back to the dorm because he wants to shout it out to Cas and tell him to say his goodbyes to Balthazar. But when he gets to the room Cas and Balthazar are laying in bed spooning. Dean sees the two and Cas squints his eyes at Dean. “Sorry he fell asleep over here. We were watching a movie.”
Shit can Dean filter anything right now. “Uh… yeah.”
Mouths drop open like fish at his swearing and very open announcement that Ms. B is in fact gay. But just as fast as mouths drop open, they close just as quickly so he doesn’t call anyone out on it. Dean squeezes the two of his coworkers and winks at someone in the hall, “and who could forget about my cutie, Cas. Come here, man!”
Dean unlocks the car and jogs over quickly, throwing himself into the driver's seat. "Mine works just fine."
Castiel frowns, “fine, don’t. Balthazar won’t care anyways.”
The swishes of the oceans waves crash against the boat as Dean listens to the fast smacks of skin on skin. Dean grins at Castiel who is barely opening his eyes as he is rocking his entire body into Dean. Dean is always up for quick fucks but something about Castiel makes him feel tingly. And it's not because he is a few thrusts away from orgasm.
Dean makes a shocked sound. Before stating, “if it helps numb your heartbreak, Cassie also broke up with me.” Cas seems surprised and Dean snorts, “she said I had to choose to be with her or be your friend. No competition.”
"Yeah. Sammy. He's such a smart kid. It's his first year at Stanford. He has a really beautiful girlfriend now. I was jealous meeting her, made me mad that I didn't have someone that beautiful. But right now looking at you-" Dean's snort cuts himself off. "I'm sorry. No chick flick moments here. I guess I just got wrapped up there."
Dean's eyes fall down to Castiel's lips and then back up to his eyes. Dean feels weak at his knees. He lets out a nervous breath and he looks at his phone that began flashing. "Hey- it's almost twelve. The kids need to get some fuel."
Dean rolls his eyes, “not a big deal? Cas was a virgin.”
Dean tells her again that it is Castiel and Anna grins. “Oh my god, he was in my history course. No wonder he looked like he wanted to smite me.” She laughs, “round of applause for you though, he’s entirely dreamy.”
"So? You ready to eat or what?" The man's voice is impatient and slightly rude. Castiel can't get the image of Dean's small frown out of his head. No one has ever tried to get to know Castiel so quickly. They've been talking for only about fifteen minutes, and already Dean knows more about him than the span of any other week long relationship.
Dean traces Castiel's bumble bee wings and stares at his skirt. "Aren't skirts for girls?"
“Let’s get going.” Castiel pops his shoulders back and yawns, quickly following Dean to the car.
"Hi, I'm Castiel." The man's brown hair is a sloppy mess, yet somehow he pulls it off more than well. He squats down into the seat across from the man with a loose fitting flannel.
Castiel looks at Dean directly in the eyes. He watches Dean's head cock to the side a bit, his mouth parted but only slightly, and a plead found within his eyes. “Really?” Castiel feels overwhelmed with a thousand different thoughts. “I would have to quit.” Castiel looks down for a second and then looks back to Dean's face. Castiel smiles at Dean's comforting gaze. “You sure you wouldn't mind helping pack my things?” Dean's soft smiles are all Castiel needs.
Castiel spins the bottle and slumps to sit down. Like the game itself is draining the life from him. The bottle actually spins for a decent few seconds before it slows down.
Castiel pleads moans to get Dean to get along with it. But the more Castiel grunts, the more Dean teases Castiel with his tongue. Kissing and licking closer to his erection, but not enough to touch it. It's only fair- Castiel left his neglected too. Even though he was a bit more generous with sharing.
But he cant say hes gay. Sure he's thought about what it could feel like for someone to fuck into his mouth. How it would feel to be opened up like a present on Christmas. Yet, women make him feel the same. All of his life it's been nothing but women. Dating them, kissing them, having a fun night in the safety of their home. But more time goes past and he can't help deny himself the thoughts of other men. Women do that. They admire females for their clothes and think they're beautiful. So, guys can think that of other guys too, right?
They open the door and Cas startles in the doorway at the figure sitting on the side. Benny notices and the two of them both ask, “Dean?” at the same time.
The waves crash into the shore and Castiel takes a long inhale. The fresh air mixing with sea salt makes him feel alive. His whole life hasn't ever felt this thrilling. And yet, he has also never felt so at peace as he does now. He feels a brush over his fingertips and he grins. In the moment, he has a beautiful view to stare at, and the ocean has nothing to do with that.
Dean coughs, "no Cas. I'm okay. Why are you here?"
Castiel slides in and let's Dean adjust to the feeling before he allows himself to carry on. "Fuck me, Cas. I need you to-" Dean pants as Castiel slowly starts to rock into him. Dean laces his fingers into Castiel's and wraps his legs around him. Dean's legs make Castiel wobbly and he is forced to press farther into Dean.
Castiel nods enthusiastically, “look, I’ve got one too. Mines silver.” He looks to be reading Dean's reaction and Dean just brushes their shoulders and he grins. “I love it. Can you help me get it on?”
When Castiel walks out of the clothing tent near the front, Dean blushes. Castiel can rock a pair of baggy pants like no one else he's ever seen.
Cas strolls into the familiar room and hugs Dean and hangs off his open shoulder.
"Claire, Emma, Krissy! Come here!" They all rush over, even Dean and Cas. Because what else would they be doing if not trying to get their daughters to wrap it up so they can get home.
Dean pulls Castiel close up to him and he strokes his bare back, this time singing out.
Dean lets Castiel lay out into his lap. "He called him a fag, mama." Dean pats Castiel's hair, "he's too stupid if you ask me. What's Cas got to do with a cigarette?"
Castiel is leaning against a railing, next to Emma. He points up and smiles, "it says that guy has a tail that's 45 feet long." Emmas mouth falls wide open and she taps Claire's shoulder. "Do you guys have any ideas why that is?" All four of the girls shake there heads. Castiel grins, "having that big of a tail helped them keep balance when they ran. Can you girls imagine that?"
John helps lift the wagon down the porch steps and he takes Sam in a blanket, setting him down into it. Mary tells Dean and Castiel to stay together at all times going to each door. Cas responds from the background, ‘okay Mrs. Winchester.’ She turns to John, "we'll be fine. I can manage this far too polite of a six year old,” and she looked at their sons, “and our almost 6 and 2 year old are a breeze.”
Cas broke up with Balthazar by Christmas break. Balthazar was insisting that Cas skip his family trip and join him in Europe. Apparently Balthazar and his parents like to choose a vacation spot each year and when Balthazar bitches about their choice location in comparison to his- they end up giving him an entire trip for him and a friend.
Dean gaps, “whoa! What do you mean by that, hot shot?”
He smirks and rubs his crotch against Castiel’s and he can’t hold back a moan. He lets it fall off his lips and he grips the guys lower back to have more.
Mary and John overhear the boys and John yells, “curfew is still 1 AM. And if either of you drink I expect a call right away so I can pick you up.”
Dean's entire face is blushing over. "Yeah, thankfully it was you. Sorry though."
"My mom loves tigers." Castiel looks at the animal. The price tag is dangling off of it. The original price of 30 dollars is marked over with dark red marker that reads $24.99.
Dean shakes his hand, “Dean.” Damn, he takes it all back. This man makes a trench coat look cute as hell. There's not one creepy thing he can imagine about this man. His eyes are piercing, even in the foggy early morning light. Blue suddenly is becoming Dean's favorite color. “Thanks. I was down at the bar. I'm just heading back to my car to sleep until I can sober up. I'll be all good.”
Castiel looks around and sees the mothers all drooling over the freckled face man in a leather jacket, pulling up into view in his 1967 Impala. A girl with straight hair runs out of the car, nearly flinging herself into a hug with one of the other kids. "Hey! Emma! Slow it down!"
“Sorry gentlemen.” She reaches over to shake both of the guest’s hands and let’s Dean and Cas introduce them. Balthazar compliments Mary’s home as being ‘comfortable’ and Dean’s ready to fight the guy there and then. But his mom accepts the rude off-hand compliment with her kindness. Cas looks at Balthazar like it’s the first time he’s ever heard such bullshit from the guy.
Dean scoffs, “well it matters. At least it matters to one of us.” He wants to storm off but he can’t stand seeing Cas look so worn out. “If you don’t like each other, why would you do that?”
Dean smiles into the kiss and lifts Castiel's leg higher, and then he follows to the other. Castiel is straddling to his chest like a fucking koala bear. Castiel's soft moans are echoing into Dean's throat. This is definitely better than what he could only imagine.
Dammit. If only Dean could rip the clothes off this man in a manner of seconds. But he can't for several reasons. The first being public indecency. Sure, Deans had close calls with other individuals before, but not to the point of being fucked on the ground. And the other completely horrid reason being, there's too many kids. Dean could bypass the first difficulty, but children in view cut that off completely.
Dean looks up and shrugs. “It’s fine.”
Dean looks at Cas like he’s joking, but then laughs looking at the pillow peeking out from beneath them. Mascara and eyeliner smudges are painted on the pillow with damp wet spots.
Dean almost forgot to introduce Aaron but quickly states, “this is my friend, Aaron.” Aaron looks thrilled to be mentioned and says, “you look lovely, thank you for having me.” Naomi hums her answer and starts walking inside.
After talking to Charlie for a month about their favorite television shows, movies, and hobbies- he really thought Charlie could be the one. It was embarrassing as hell. When he tried to ask her on a date, she held back a laugh and then explained how she was a lesbian. She saw the way Dean lit up at that and she swatted his arm and lectured him about what lesbians actually were and told him to take away his thoughts of pornhub girls and replace it with actual females who wanted nothing to do with a man. And then shared some emotional stories recanting times straight girls got cheered on for this, while she’d be harassed at the mall for holding her girlfriends hands.
Castiel coughs, "Claire, do you want to stay home today? We could go out and do something fun. Anything you want."
Mary squeezes Dean's hand, "you kiddos ready to go to the next house?"
But instead, Dean doesn't have to work himself up for it. He hears a crinkle from the plastic bag being dropped to the ground. And he feels Castiel's mouth smush into his. His lips are partially chapped. But they're also incredibly soft. It feels like he's tasting a whole new creation. It's not quite like anyone else he's kissed. Castiels stubble brushes when the kiss lingers. His tongue pleading against Dean's lips until he lets it brush into his mouth, slotting against his.
Benny tries to make a joke about the game being over to smooth out the tension but the awkward laughs are interrupted by Cole’s exclamation that, “you sure you’re not dating? That was the gayest thing i've ever seen.”
Castiel rubs his fingertips over every inch of Deans face. “You're beautiful.” When Castiel is finished tracing circles against Dean’s skin, he opens his eyes.
Dean blinks, “sorry, what?”
“If there is a giant shark, we aren't much safer on a boat then in the water either. But for your sake, we can just lay out for now. I wasn't boring, so I do get kisses, Winchester.”
Amara kisses Dean. With a bit too much force behind it that makes Cassie grip Dean’s hand tighter.
Dean tries to ask but he’s not sure Cas wants to talk about it. Dean plays with the bee necklace around his neck and settles into the bed. “You sure you don’t want to just come up here? You still fit.”
Alastair grunts and struts off in the opposite direction, glaring back behind his shoulder as he walks away. Ruby catches up, the wagon trailing behind her. "Everything okay? I see you found the boys."
Dean squints trying to piece this situation together but he comes up blank. "Um, you know, I really don't mind what we talk about." He watches the man's throat throw back a chug of water that was placed on the table and he squeezes his hands together. "What do you want to talk about?"
Dean closes his eyes to talk. “Sammy told me I was an idiot for trying to hide it. He’s right. It’s stupid of me to ignore it and not tell you. So I have to just say it so it’s out there and then you don’t have to feel bad about it, promise?”
Dean rolls his eyes, "no, don't be. I shouldn't have been anyway."
Christmas break was perfect. Cas couldn’t ask for a better break from school. But he swears Dean was acting differently. He’d catch him staring at him more. Which is a lot to say since Cas knows the two of them spend far too much time staring already.
Claire looks at Cas and bites her lip. "Claire, do you want me to stay?" Castiel's stomach is tight. What if he leaves and Claire cries? What if he walks away and she panics thinking he's leaving her?
When the two are step out of the shower, Castiel wraps himself into a bumble bee robe and hands Dean a towel. “Bees, Cas, really?” Castiel blushes and nods. “Well most men couldn't pull something like that off. You definitely can,” Dean says with a soft squeeze of his shoulder. Castiel leads him back to the bedroom and plops himself down.
Balthazar shrugs, “I’m meeting her here. Her shift is off soon,” he rolls his eyes at Castiel’s anger and waves Meg over when he sees her walking back through the crowd. Somehow balancing many shots on a tray.
She nods him along and he bites his inner cheek. “I broke up with him because he didn’t want to come out. I mean I thought I gave him a lot of time. It was so close to a year. Thought he’d want to meet my friends and family. He didn’t think it was a good idea and… it just hurt. But I love him. And I want to be able to heal but it’s so hard. Especially because I feel like I betrayed him.” He plays with his hands and laughs sadly, “does this make me a bad person? Not sticking with him? I feel like I should have tried harder but it just… it was so painful to hide this part of me.”
Dean laughs, "you don't know your kid's teacher?"
Castiel was looking at the wall with insects closed in frames but he finally decides to rescue Dean from the constant high pitched pleads. "Krissy, what's wrong?"
“Sam… I,” he tries to speak. Tries to tell him ‘it wasn’t a woman. It was a man and I loved him,’ but no words form and he lets his body slump into bed with the shredded scraps.
Instead Castiel laughed at Dean's witty jokes. And Dean smiled at every one of Castiel's childhood stories. Dean is almost envious of Castiel's life.
Dean coughs into his shoulder and wipes his eye, "you didn't do anything." He sees the man's eyes fall in shame. "Don't worry, you did nothing wrong." Dean wants to reassure him but he doesn't know how to prove it without explaining himself. "When I was a kid my mom died. It was only my dad, brother, and I. My dad tried so hard, he raised us the best he could, but he took her death hard. And just a few years ago he passed away. Family is everything to me. But when you don't have one- not a whole one, it just feels-" Dean chokes out his words and sighs. "It just feels weird. But I love my family, those remaining."
Cas snorts, “who wouldn’t love pizza and fantasizing about their famous crushes.” Before Charlie leads Cas out of the room and to the main lobby to gather up the group he stops her and whispers, “thank you for talking to me.”
Castiel hugs himself into Dean and laughs, "it's just me now. I couldn't let you go so easily. You are a righteous man. I don't know why, but you're a very likable person." He rushes his words and hopes each come across. Because they are honest. "I like you, Dean."
Castiel pulls his hands in Dean's hair and Dean nearly turns into a puddle. He shrugs his jacket off, pulling Castiel in by the belt, undoing it with shaky hands." Castiel helps wiggle out of his pants and strips Dean's shirt off followed by his own.
Castiel simply nods and reaches down, pulling Dean's suit down as far as his arms can. Dean wiggles out of his suit and rolls off of Castiel, laying onto his back. “I've never done this before,” he quietly says, hoping Castiel doesn't scurry off with laughter. But he doesn't. He just kisses Dean’s temple. “Cas, what if it's not all that good for you. You have experience right?” Castiel nods and shushes him. “Cas! I just don't want to screw up for you.”
Castiel turns his iPod on and AC/DC booms over the speaker. Dean spins and looks at Castiel with a impressed look. "You're a fan? I knew I liked you for some reason."
Dean can't get himself to stop smiling. He likes to think he would have turned out the same if life didn't throw so many curve balls at him when he was so young.
Cas slinks over to the group in defeat. Clearly the leviathan situation has to wait. They join the group of girls and the six of them talk. Jo is teasing the boys about how “totally in love they are.” Castiel guesses he is. If someone else can see it… maybe he is in love with Meg. Seems a bit soon... but people always say that there is love at first sight. Maybe that’s how he is with Meg.
Their families help them move into the new apartment, like their tradition each school year so far. And they give them their goodbyes after a pizza party in the half set up apartment. Although their moms offered to stay later, John told them to let the boys breathe and figure it out on their own. Dean’s sure it’s just because John knows Mary doesn’t want to be stuck with cleaning tasks, and he knows that Naomi will start cleaning and then never want to leave because she’ll always find something new to work on.
Claire never wanted to start a school wide poll about her favorite teachers. But with Krissy and Alex not agreeing with her… what’s a girl to do?
The girl bites her lip. “I guess? Does he have a date?” Cas shakes his head no and she looks confused. “Maybe my friend can ask him. Can you ask him if he likes Lisa?”
Dean laughs like he’s missing Castiel’s joke and asks again, “Dude, what?”
Cas laughs, “about the same drama as far as I can tell. Except the sex is far better, I can assume. Unless you find a girl into pegging then it might be equal.”
Castiel kisses the tip of Dean's nose, "I'd raise you from perdition any day of the week." Castiel looks around the stalls and scrunched his nose, "I really want to make out but this place looks rather disgusting."
Dean sees Castiel's back slide down the wall through the crack in the stall. Is he really going to sit on the ground? It could be dirty.
Dean feels pathetic for answering so loud and quickly. But when Castiel's brown hair is a scruffy mess, and he looks at Dean like he is prey, Dean can't help it. Who wouldn’t be excited when an actual angel is asking for your desires. Dean coughs trying to calm down a bit, “yes. Yeah- Cas. I really do.”
"That was-" Dean starts with a smile plastered on his face. Castiel sits up and stares at him raising an eyebrow waiting for an answer. "That was awesome."
Castiel looks and sees five missed calls from Jody’s phone. “We don’t have time for you to drop me back at my car. Can you drive Claire and I back after?” Dean kisses his cheek, stretching his arms and standing back up.
Cas looks around quickly. Scanning the field but doesn’t see Dean. “I need to find Dean.” Max makes an ‘ah’ sound. “Yeah I heard about that. So he came out for you? Congrats dude.”
Cas doesn’t even realize he’s been daydreaming about Dean and their first time. Leaving class on Friday, after Dean was typing downright filthy things to Cas. Usually Cas would tell him to pay attention and deal with blushes the rest of the day- but this time he could feel the words and love behind them. His cock was twitching in his pants and he made Dean all but run back to Castiel’s dorm with him to fuck. The two taking turns with handjobs, blowjobs, and finishing the night with Cas fucking into Dean and watching the boy he loved (loves) spill onto his own skin. He grips Max’s shoulder and groans. “Fuck, fuck.” His eyes are still squeezed shut and he smacks the stall wall. “Fuck, Dean, Dean,” his come is coating over Max’s hand and Max just chuckles and grabs toilet paper off the roll next to them.
Dean's heart nearly leaps from his chest. Sure, he had a feeling Castiel would be interested in men. But now it's verified. He's half positive it was also verified that Castiel is interested in Dean. "Real lucky."
Dean doesn't remember when he ordered a serving of mozzarella sticks. He doesn't remember the one hour warning that the bar was being closed. “Come on, sir, I need to close up now. It's almost two. I have to get home.” Dean leans out of his chair and stumbles towards the door. “You need a ride somewhere?”
Castiel nods and brushes past Dean, "it's no problem. I need to head to bed. I've been driving most of the day and I'm really starting to feel it hit. The guest room is to the left of my room. The beds already made and the bathroom is connected to the side of the living room. If you need anything let me know, alright?" Dean blushes at the thought of following him to bed. But he's just a man who gave him a ride to sleep and get out of the cold. He shouldn't take advantage of someone this nice.
John watches Dean run and hug his best friend and he shrugs, "no worries. Everyone has their thing.”
"Where is that, squirts?" Dean shakes his head making a face back to the boy, trying to tug Castiel along with him. "Wow slow it down partner, my name’s Alastair."
A loud moan belts from Dean's mouth and he feels a hot load leak into the condom. Castiel is breathless, panting underneath Dean. His dick throbbing against his stomach. Dean finds enough strength to pull out from Castiel and he ties the condom, setting it onto the floor. He looks down at Castiel who is nearly winded.
Dean is still bouncing off the imaginary wall surrounding them and he declares, “Cas, I’m going to go ask Lisa to the dance.”
Benny walks by Dean and turns around like he’s going to say something and Cas raises his eyebrow and scolds, “don’t.” Benny nods his understanding and leaves the two in the hallway.
He thinks about the moments leading to it all. They were looking at a photo album. Cas blushes thinking about the photos. They were incredibly embarrassing to look at with Balthazar nearby. Because how happy Cas was with Balthazar was nothing in comparison to how he glowed in every picture with Dean. Maybe Dean saw Castiel’s desperation in every photo? It’s not like Cas tried that hard to hide his crush on Dean. He was very open about liking Dean.
“It's good to be queen.” Her smile lifts higher in the corners and she smirks. “I don't see the problem, really. I have the ladies wrapped around my finger. And you have the men on yours. It's all fair play.” Her lips wrap around the greasy fry in a satisfied victory.
Dean gulps. Fuck. How is he supposed to stay calm and collected when Cas is being a seductive little shit. Castiel starts walking off and Dean watches his hips sway to the parking lot, "where are you going?"
Dean almost looks hurt. So Cas shuts his mouth and sits up in bed. Dean's back is turned to him but Cas can see the side of Dean’s face as his voice shakes, “I didn’t really know how I felt about it at first. I thought trying to give you space and distance myself would help. But I can’t… that’s not us, Cas.”
Dean is slightly concerned how he would've known this about him but he takes the bite. Maybe he saw Dean flying into the parking lot and plopping down to tell the waitress he has been on the road for the past nine hours and is starved. "It's really cool. Sometimes boring, you know? As long as I have my music with me, then I am okay. And I love my car, too. She's beautiful, I don't think it'd be deserving to leave my baby sitting around the garage."
Dean and Cas exchange their first Christmas presents to each other the night of the party. Since Castiel’s mom is widowed and they don’t have any other relatives close, the pair usually join them on Christmas Day, too. But Dean and Cas started exchanging presents on the night of the party instead- because they both realized they couldn’t wait it out all week until the real thing was here.
A trail of come slicks over Castiel's chest and mid stomach. Castiel lets Dean milk his orgasm and he swallows Deans moans with soft kisses and strokes. Dean sits up and smiles, "you still have to-" Castiel nods and let's Dean start bouncing over his lap again. Castiel knows his dick hits Deans prostate once again when Dean let's out a wail. And slams himself up and down in the spot.
When the meals come Dean tries his best to give a smile and nod as the waitress sets down their food. But what the hell is it? This whole time Dean thought Ratatouille was sliced meats and vegetables. Not all vegetables. He can just imagine Sam finding out and smirking it up. Cas laughs, clearly seeing Dean’s train of thought about his meal and he switches their plates. “Kinda thought you’d prefer this?”
“Hey, Jody! I’m so sorry. We- I slept in late. Cas needed a ride so we will be there shortly. I am so sorry,” Dean panics into the phone. The impala is hauling down the street and he turns quickly into the neighborhood where she lives.
God, can this day be over? Honestly, thank God for the long weekend. He needs to be home. Get out of the dorms and leave campus to mess with his baby bro and hug his mom and eat a ton of comfort food. Dean doesn’t even know how he will begin the conversation with his mom and dad. John never was too perceptive to his son's emotions- but Mary always knows. She knows the minute one of her son’s facial expressions changes. And Dean’s not so sure what to say now. Does he really want to come out to his parents just because he’s heartbroken? Obviously he’s hurt… but telling John? He doesn’t want to crack open that issue, in fear of still being heartbroken after and also breaking apart from his entire family.
Krissy pretends to get up to sharpen her pencil at their teachers desk but instead is stretching her neck to see the hall scene unfold. She scurries back to her desk and gasps, “he’s out there with Lafitte, Bradbury and Milton!” The three of them gulp and stare at each other in alarm.
Dean stands and turns to face Gabriel, which puts him close enough to Castiel that their shoulders are touching.
Castiel knocks. After a few moments, ASH answers the door, clearly confused when he sees Cas.
Jack. Well, that’s what Cas said at least.
TOMMI
Check for yourself.
"At your service m'lady." Ash said, tipping his head towards Charlie.
Meg stands and moves across the room to stand in front of Dean.
No. I’ve got nothing. The only recent deaths I could find in the area are the vics.
(to Alex)
From The Empty?
(suddenly worried)
Shut up.
Sam slowly follows Miracle in the direction of the noise until he finds him being pet by Dean, Castiel standing at his side.
PAN across the beach-- it’s crowded, and our group is starting to draw attention.
Eileen moves closer to Sam so she can see the comparison for herself.
20 INT. MEN OF LETTERS – LIBRARY – DAY
Chuck... Chuck and I had a deal. But WE do not have that same deal. I don't like you. You made it loud, and then you took my things.
11 EXT. SANTA MONICA BEACH – DAY
TOMMI
CUT TO a wide shot of the brothers on the bench to see that Castiel has now disappeared. Sam picks up a pie and smashes it in Dean’s face and we CUT TO--
Dean climbs into the Impala and starts it up. As he drives off, we CUT TO--
Sam is somehow both shocked and completely nonplussed by this, but he is also slightly relieved-- the whole reason he decided to search for a case was because he needed a break, an escape.
BALTHAZAR
As the brothers kill the last of the vamps, we see Dean looking at the vamp impaled by rebar with relief.
CUT TO the alarm clock next to his bed. We watch the time flick to 4:18 AM.
6  INT. MEN OF LETTERS – LIBRARY – LATER
I didn’t expect you to be here.
No. No, Eileen, we--
CASTIEL
Yeah.
DEAN (CONT’D)
JACK (CONT’D)
Meg and Jack stroll along the pier, both clearly on guard as they look around them for any sign of Jamie or Bela.
2  INT. TENT – CONTINUOUS
"So how was cleaning the entire Roadhouse?" Cassie asked.
Sam cries out in pain, but it’s already done. Both the rope and Gertrude go up in flames.
It just said it didn’t like me. It had a deal with Chuck, but it didn’t like me, so it won’t make the same deal with me.
26 INT. MEN OF LETTERS - CROW'S NEST - DAY
"Is it nice having your family work here?"
Uh, yeah. About that.
Really? Wow, I’m shocked.
Like an extension of their life.
DR. LEWIS
Sam’s eyes widen as he and Eileen exchange a worried look.
Cas immediately checks for a pulse, but before he can declare anything--
CASTIEL
MICHAEL
Thank you.
Well, what did you mean, then?
Was I not obvious enough for you? I messed with the timeline, obviously, and brought you back just before Deano here died. Now, I believe there’s a couple of kids outside that need to be brought to some sort of safety.
29 INT. MEN OF LETTERS - DEAN'S ROOM - MOMENTS LATER
CASTIEL
Dean? Is something wrong?
Jack steps forwards, in front of Castiel, and his eyes shine golden. Bela’s eyes widen with fear before she disappears and we--
So, instead, he offers his brother his silent companionship as Dean pours himself another three fingers of scotch, and we--
Sam sets down his glass.
Whatever. That’s not what I meant, anyways.
Sam shifts his bag higher on his shoulder and steps out into the hallway as we CUT TO--
It’s a favor. I’m a... friend... of the Winchesters.
Sam and Eileen smile at each other as Sam helps Eileen with Alex, shifting the man’s weight more onto himself, and on that image we--
But, Dean, the Empty--
Let us know if Bela ever comes back.
Emily takes in a shuddering breath, but the attempt to stop herself from sobbing doesn’t work and soon she breaks down in tears.
EILEEN
22 EXT. NEW HEAVEN - ROAD – MOMENTS LATER
That is completely different. And technically, I was saving lives, so, really--
14 EXT. PARK – DAY
Sam is really worried now, but he can’t let that show.
BLACKOUT.
Even with an archangel in your pants and mini-God as your kid?
MICHAEL
Sam, Cas, Meg, and Dean all look at each other with confusion as we CUT TO--
EILEEN
"I know right! If I could, I would spend all day in here, but unfortunately I can't. We're lucky we can be in here for the tour, but if Mom catches us just know we're getting thrown out."
You got anything?
What do you mean, “what”?
CASTIEL
THE EMPTY (O.S.)
END OF TEASER
Eileen runs up to Emily and covers her mouth with her hand-- she had a handful of salt in her hand.
TO BE CONTINUED...
Where is Alex?
EILEEN
There is a moment of awkward silence as the two brothers stand together. We can tell neither one really knows how to act around each other anymore-- so much time has passed for one but not the other.
We can’t.
"So how was your first day as a Senior?" Castiel's mother, Becky, asked Dean.
What are you doing here? You don't belong here.
Could you tell us about what happened that night
BLACKOUT.
Sam sits in the Impala, pulled off to the side of a near-abandoned road, as he stares at his phone. Pulled up on the screen is Eileen’s contact as Sam struggles with himself over whether to call her or not.
CASTIEL
A case?
"No, but they should be." Lucifer whispered back.
Yellow crime scene tape still surrounds remains around the trees as Sam and Eileen walk up to the scene in the middle of the night.
Sam is in the middle of packing a duffle with some clothes as Dean stands in the doorway, drinking a beer, unnoticed by Sam.
(happily)
Ferris wheel.
(tired)
Yeah. Should only be a few days. Wait-- do you not wanna come?
Sam drops the jacket he was inspecting and moves to stand next to Eileen and look at what she is pointing to-- a faint black stain.
Rowena cuts Dean off.
Meg sits on the edge of Castiel’s bed, stretching, as Dean appears in the doorway.
(he turns the computer for Dean to skim the article)
What’s not right?
And what, exactly, is your business?
GABRIEL
CUT TO--
Dean? Do you realize what time it is?
It didn't take long for Charlie to get to The Roadhouse so she just sat in her car listening to her favorite songs as she waited for Dean or Cass to arrive. Dean got there first and they were just about to walk in when Castiel arrived and children came flooding out of his old Mustang, six of them including Cass. Then, they all walked into The Roadhouse together which was instantly filled with the noise of kids talking about their first day of school. Charlie, Dean, and Cass all sat at a booth together and it wasn't long before a man with a mullet came up to their table and sat down the the booth next to Charlie.
Jack shakes his head and tries to curl in on himself, but the Empty keeps him from doing so.
EILEEN
The point, Gabriel.
As Dean takes a bite of his burger, we PAN across to the passenger’s seat, where Jack is now sitting.
And how do you expect us to help you with that?
I was... at first. But then he seemed so happy without me that I just--
BLACKOUT.
(mumbling)
(calming)
Wow, so helpful, aren’t you?
That’s why I was calling you. I didn’t realize it was her at first. I thought you lot were getting rid of all of my sales demons, so I was going to ask you to stop.
There are a few murmurs throughout the crowd of angels, and Balthazar lets out a loud whistle, causing the attention of the crowd to focus on him.
Castiel seems to be at a loss for words before he gives Jack a weak smile and pulls him into a hug.
In the doorway, Castiel tilts his head as he looks at Dean and we CUT TO--
"Mom says you guys need to come downstairs and set the table for dinner." Lucifer answered
That seems like the most likely explanation, but other than the fact that their chests were ripped open and each of the victims was missing a heart, all other evidence points to murder.
Cas is back?
Well, uh, I guess I’ll let you get back to Eileen.
You once again seem to forget that I sacrificed myself to help you.
Work, then Heaven. Just another day in the life.
ACT THREE
Well, yeah, of course I would, but there’s not really much we can do about it now, is there? I think we all just need to stay here, on Earth, and wait to see what Rowena needs. Capische?
How did we get back here?
It’s also silver and filled with witch killing potion. She was quite determined.
Sam, great, you're here. Where is Meg?
What happened here?
EILEEN
Yep. I’m all ready for our journey to the center of Earth.
We focus on Sam and Dean exchanging a loaded look and then--
Fine.
Thanks again so much for reading! I am so thankful for the amount of people who are interested in this! Love you all!!
We must redesign Heaven!
Okay. Keep an eye on Jamie while I call Alex and let him know. Where are you?
Calm down, I'm just grabbing another.
EILEEN
CASTIEL
BOBBY
GABRIEL (CONT’D)
(into phone)
Suddenly, there is someone standing behind the Empty, just off screen.
Dean! I'm back!
Sam. Look at this.
Jack...
Cas and I found Jamie. No sign of her, though.
Fine. But only because we were planning on telling you, anyways.
A devil’s trap bullet? But you’re not a demon.
Hi everyone!! Thank you all again so much for reading this and for your continued support!! This week I hit a huge milestone with this account on tumblr (@spnseason16) and reached 1,000 followers so I would like to thank everyone reading this who follows me there for your support!
16 INT. MEN OF LETTERS – LIBRARY – LATER
END OF ACT FOUR
We see an OLD ALARM CLOCK going off on the nightstand. DEAN reaches over to turn it off and we ZOOM OUT to see him sit up in bed, still obviously tired. MIRACLE jumps on the bed and Dean hugs him.
I still don’t know if anything I’ve ever done has been me. I don’t know if I am myself.
I do, but then I found this case and--
Dean, Cas, Meg, and Jack all start at her, stone-faced. In the background, we can see the commotion has caught the attention of Sam and Eileen, who are now walking up to join the scene.
Dean has to find the words again. It’s all too much at once, but he has to get it all out.
No, really. I know what it’s like, being awake in there. It messes with your head-- makes you see things-- hear things-- and some of it carries over. It’s worse than Hell, to be honest with you. And look, I know we’ve never really been that close, but we have to look out for each other now. And I want to make sure you’re okay. So, really, how are you doing, Castiel?
Reunite with my human, of course.
Oddly enough, I learned this little trick from an angel. Well, as much as the Devil is still an angel. I hear he’s gone for good now, but once upon a time he killed your pathetic little excuse of a son. Is that why you’re suddenly allowed to be Queen?
Sam, I know. Trust me. I want to stop it just as much-- if not more-- than you do. But there’s nothing that we can do right now, so I’d rather just focus on what I can do, which is make sure my family is okay and, if she needs it, help out Rowena.
The rest of the day was spent with the three teens sitting in the library, talking and laughing. At lunch time they went to the cafeteria to get some food just to go back into the library and hang out some more.
CASTIEL
Having fun, lovebirds?
Cas looks at Dean in response.
Jack turns around to look at Dean, Sam, and Meg, still suffering, and his eyes shine slightly brighter as the three are healed.
Ellen startles, she hadn’t noticed Cas approach.
You took something of mine. Many somethings, in fact. Now, normally I wouldn't mind, but one of these things took a great deal for me to acquire.
Sam has already moved on. He had forty years to move on and now I just feel like-- like he’s a stranger. He’s not my brother, not really, and I hate that I’m saying this but I just don’t know him anymore. Forty years is a long time, Cas. He lived a whole ‘nother life that I never got to experience, that I’ll never know.
Sam takes a deep breath, and Eileen comforts him as she waits patiently for Sam to continue.
I sacrificed myself to save Dean!
Everything is different, you know? After you were gone I was-- I already told you. It wasn’t good. But for Sammy I had to be-- I was pretending. He couldn’t know how much of a wreck I really was because I knew-- I was all he had. And then I was gone. I didn’t want to die, Cas. I wanted to live because you wanted me to live. But Chuck made me-- and I might be back but it’s not the same. You were-- you were gone, Cas. And I thought it was for good. And if it happens again--
The Bunker door opens and Sam steps through carrying his duffle bag. He’s happier now that he has worked things out with Eileen, and it's noticeable.
4  INT. CHUCK’S HEAVEN – HALLWAY – LATER
I have to make sure things in Heaven are going well. I've been gone for the past couple of days now. Besides... I'm sure you and Sam will have a lot to catch up on.
"Well I ain't Jesus, so I must be an angel. Not to mention I am named after the Angel of Thursday." Castiel laughed.
What’s missing?
We focus back on Dean’s conversation with Charlie and Stevie as they start laughing.
How about I start, then?
Dean’s phone rings, and he answers it, Eileen appearing on his screen.
Sam exchanges a look with Eileen.
I was going to! And then Lucifer showed up and my judgement may have gotten a little clouded-- but that’s not what we’re talking about!
Then why...
Dean purses his lips as he faces Cas full on.
Sam laughs and rolls his eyes as Dean leaves, mumbling to himself about being the father of God, and we CUT TO--
Have you had enough yet, little boy? Done playing God?
(with laughter)
I have also spent a bit of time creating a workskin to make this look more script like and I tested it both on mobile and on browser and it works with both! If you have workskins turned off it should also be readable as well, it just won't look as fancy.
Eileen finishes changing the bandages in silence and then hands Sam a clean shirt to put on.
No, I need to say it. If not for you, then for me.
Maybe, but I'm not the one that pissed my pants.
As Eileen pours the gasoline, Sam sprinkles salt all over the tree.
15 EXT. FOREST – DAY
Hikers reported some bodies that have been ID’ed as Patrick Hanson and Christopher Westford. The two had been out on an annual hunting trip. Bodies were found hanged with their hearts missing, just like those other three boys that were found dead nearby.
(with a slight, sad laugh)
--And then he led us into battle quoting Braveheart of all things!
Emily reaches out with the hand not holding the rope and whips it to the side, throwing Sam across the clearing and into a tree.
"This is amazing!" Charlie exclaimed through a mouthful of spaghetti.
It could be. Something could have disturbed it recently to make it start lashing out.
We follow Bobby and Cas into the cabin where Bobby grabs a second beer from the fridge to hand to Cas as they stand around the kitchen island.
And there’s no telling how many deals she had made today.
Sure, thing, kid.
BLACKOUT.
And with that, on the silhouette of the newest Team Free Will, we--
Have you gotten any word from her yet?
END OF ACT FOUR
Assorted weapons cover the table as Dean, Cas, Sam, Meg, and Jack grab the ones they think will be useful for their journey to Hell.
We ZOOM OUT on our archangels, their argument fades away as we CUT TO--
(calling out to Cas)
ACT FOUR
(sneering)
"My best friend. His dad is the principle but nobody knows that other than me and our families and now you. He and his siblings go by their grandma's maiden name here so people don't find out that they're the principles kids."
I didn’t believe that it was really your prayers. Then Jack brought me here and I was just... I was scared, Dean. Of how you’d react to me being back. We didn’t exactly leave off on the best of terms.
Sam waits until Cas is gone to speak.
(a beat)
We pick up where we left off. Castiel is shocked and confused by Jack’s revelation, and while Jack seems happy, his happiness is slowly giving way to trepidation.
EILEEN
(struggling to get the words out)
(into phone, tired)
The campers laugh with one another as they tell stories, a can of beer in each of their hands.
Dean releases Castiel’s and Meg’s hands to pull an angel blade out of the inside of his coat, and Sam, Cas, and Meg follow suit, all pulling out angel blades of their own.
What, you don't have faith in Balthy and I? Oh, you wound me!
(confused and shocked)
I was thinking of heading to the beach after lunch. What do you think, Cas? Dig our toes in the sand for a while?
GABRIEL
Where is Alex?
Eileen pulls him into a hug, and it is on this image that we--
Sam, Dean, Cas, Meg, and Jack are all exactly as we left them.
BLACKOUT.
Sam finally looks up at Dean as he finishes reading.
Cas gives Ellen a nod and a small smile.
Take mine.
Cas... Cas, I’m sorry. We could have-- we could have found another way. You didn’t have to-- there’s always another way.
Sam and Eileen walk together along the coast. Any outsider might think they are just a normal couple on a walk together, but we know otherwise.
Okay, so she told the demons up top to not make any deals. Has there been a soul shortage yet?
What did... when you were there. What happened?
ACT THREE
Gabriel bounces over to stand with Castiel, speaking as he does so.
How many demons do you have working for you?
Why? What would it want with a poor little boy like you?
You obviously haven’t been paying attention to me. I get up this early all the time. Just ‘cause you don’t notice...
BLACKOUT.
SAM sits at the table, scrolling through an article on his laptop, a mug of coffee next to him. DEAN walks into the room in his robe, rubbing his eyes with one hand while the other holds his own mug of coffee.
TEASER
I don’t know and I don’t really want to think about it. I’m just hoping that Gabriel started a game of hide-and-seek then forgot about it.
JACK (CONT’D)
I doubt he planned it. It is likely that he foresaw his ending and did everything in his power to make sure your-- our-- endings were grim.
You let me get dragged down to Hell to rot. I was tortured for ages. You even did some of that torturing yourself-- until you got pulled out, that is.
Dean chuckles, “whatever you say, Captain.”
Castiel raises his eyebrow, “Dude.” He goes back to grinning, “It’s nothing. You’ll have to wait and see I guess.” Dean looks offended but intrigued by the box. “I’m not telling you. Come on, let's go fool around.” And who is Dean to argue that?
Dean jumps out from the car and runs around to Castiel's side, trying to help him with the door. "Thank you, you didn't have to do that," Castiel smiles reaching for Dean's hand. As soon as Dean pulls him up, Castiel wraps his arms around Dean's neck. "Just kiss me." Dean doesn't have to be told twice.
Cas laughs awkwardly and remembers Meg’s other question. “Do you like Lisa?”
“How many times do I have to tell you? I think you being a nerd is what makes you such a catch, Winchester.” Castiel's voice is low and almost needy. “I would go anywhere with you.  I would do anything with you.” Dean wants to melt into the ground beneath him. To feel Castiel have him right here. But Dean also wants to hold this man, nothing more than that. He wants to lay with him in his arms, forever, if he could. “What time does the queen need you by?”
"Krissy, Dean bought you guys ice cream. As your lovely chaperons, we aren't supposed to get things. And you're old enough to slide by without this one. Right?"
Charlie is back on campus and complains about Jo not coming back as soon, so she begs Dean into going on a coffee date with her.
Their dates take turns whispering comments to their friends and blushing back to them. Dean seems to be thriving right now but Castiel feels rather overwhelmed. His stomach hasn’t ever felt this sick for no reason. Maybe this is the butterflies he’s heard of.
Cas slowly walks into the room and it’s a miracle Dean doesn’t shoot his load the second Cas is in the room. The guy is standing, wearing a white lace mens thong with a matching garter belt. Dean feels himself drooling. “Get over here. Now.”
The night of the dance comes far sooner than Cas would have liked it to. He had a week to prepare, but the evening is here and he’s got no clue how to go about dancing, dressing, or as Dean told him- kissing.
"Well you're mom can always come back here and buy it. If she collects them, it'll be here waiting."
Cas let’s out the highest laugh and pushes Dean. “Dean, what the fuck. You know this is a gay club right?” He tries to stop himself from laughing again but can’t hold it back. “Okay, maybe she wasn’t 100% gay, then. Good for you, truly.”
Dean ruffles his fingers through Castiel's already scruffy hair, “yeah, it's a nice day.”
Despite pulling into his family's driveway and watching as Mary runs down the steps to greet him- he can barely force out a smile. Because being at home reminds him he’s not with Cas. And not being with Cas reminds him that he screwed up and lost the best damn thing he had. His parents didn’t even meet the guy; or even know about him, and now he’s about to shatter this weekend when they all have to witness heartbreak Dean for the first time.
Dean glares at his best friend from across the table. “I'm just saying, the fairy girl was completely hot. You have all the luck and it's not fair.” He watches the red curls bounce as a loud chuckle leaves her mouth.
Dean gulps and smiles awkwardly, “uh… who said it had to have been a girl?”
"So tell me, Cas, what made you come here?" Dean wants to jump out of his seat with excitement but he tries to play it cool. Nonchalantly crossing his arms on the tables hard surface.
Before he even climbs out of the car, Mary is on him. “Honey, is there something wrong?”
Dean laughs and bows, "you love me." He stands up straight, "and she said she was swamped with work. I don't know how running a women's group piles up so much work. But you'd have to take that up with her." Gabriel chuckles and high fives Emma.
Maybe Claire was wrong. Her gaydar is so so broken. It’s not like she has told anyone about her sexuality. She has been harboring a giant crush on Alex since she first met her. But Alex never shows interest in her so she assumed it was a no go. And not that Alex is homophobic- but what if she gets weirded out that her best friend is into girls? Why ruin a great friendship.
And to Castiel’s joy- his boyfriend comes again. Just as eager as the first time.
"Okay, bitch." Dean hangs up the phone and smiles at Castiel. "Sorry, so what do you say about getting back to our group before Gabriel finds out about this also."
Dean feels Castiel's soapy hands wash Dean's body down and then do the same to his own.
Castiel hums and blushes a bit which makes Dean only push further. “Who? Oh my god, since when? I swear you never tell me things!”
Dean grins and bumps his shoulder on Castiel's, "I was asking you on a date, you baby."
Meg snorts, “dude you literally acted like you saw a ghost or just committed a felony. All that worry about telling the guy you loved him?” Meg chuckles and Cas actually laughs with her.
Castiel rubs his thumb over Dean's knuckles and frowns, "yeah. Next time." He keeps circling his thumb over Dean's hands. "You better not hold out on me, Winchester. I'm going to be expecting this."
Despite practicing with Dean, Cas still finds himself worried when Meg and he are sitting in the corner alone. The teachers are scanning the room like hawks watching for movement in a field. She grabs his hand and holds it tight in hers and he gulps, feeling his hand already sweating profusely. Who knew hands sweat so bad? She keeps looking at him like she wants to say something and then stops and swipes her tongue over her lips. He’s not completely dumb. He knows she wants him to kiss her. But he’s terrified. What if he doesn’t do it as good as he did it with Dean?
Thanks to Cole, Dean’s mom has to come take a break from her own party to play referee for Dean’s. Although she doesn’t get much out of her interrogation, she does say that the kids all need to come join the adults upstairs until parents come to pick them up.
Dean pushes Castiel back, still embraced in his arms, so he can close the car's doors. "You're so hot," Castiel's voice is raw and low. "Dean," Castiel groans against Dean's lips, vibrating his call down Dean's throat.
Cas doesn’t know how long goes by, but Max asks and offers if Cas wants to go to the bathroom and he shrugs his response and follows behind.
He lets his head rest against the floor boards and moans as the build up he felt in his lower stomach is releasing. Slick come coats over Dean’s chest and hits against Castiel's stomach also. When the spray touches Castiel's skin he pushes himself into Dean for the last time before he, too, comes. He holds tight onto Dean's hand and moans against Dean's neck, feeling every last second of his release.
Castiel sometimes hopes that he'll be able to talk to Claire about the stories of the two growing up. Jimmy was his twin brother; they did everything together, so there would be no fault in the stories. But he doesn't, for her sake. Any mention of his name brings her to tears. Maybe one day it will hurt less. For the both of them.
Dean really lets himself go. All of his senses and worries telling him he shouldn't be doing this; not now at least, are washed away. He clears his mind and let's his heart take over. He cups his hands on Castiel's face, letting them fall down to his shoulders, and then his waist. He tightens the space between the two and spins Castiel around with him, so Castiel is pressed against the wall.
We just kissed for a long time and I went back to my room after. I was scared because it was in the last month of classes and I didn’t want him to go away after I felt like we just started. So I went to bed stressed out.”
After he finishes decorating their dorm room with streamers and laying out a blanket and pillow for Dean’s surprise dorm-picnic-lunch, he climbs in the shower. He should have another hour and a half to get the food ordered and delivered and to get dressed. But god does the water pressure feel nice against his body.
They see the car clock change from 11:58 to 11:59 and Dean pulls over. “I’ll keep driving in a minute but we can just count it down.”
Dean is ready to toss something down at his friend who’s ignoring the hell out of him but instead he calms down immediately when she notices a small hiccuping cry in his room. He turns his Yoda table light on and looks at Cas who has his head buried into the pillow. Dean isn’t sure what’s wrong. He’s never seen Cas cry so hard. He lays down next to him on the floor and just holds his friend until he slows.
