Pressing the phone to his ear, Dean rubs the sleep from his eyes. "Yeah?"
Castiel looked up. "I have been avoiding you on purpose, Dean. For my own benefit."
He can hear and feel Cas' body thrumming above, around, inside him. The ragged beat of his heart slowly coming down from its high; the uneven pace of his breathing levelling out. Dean can already feel his eyes drooping, spent beyond recognition, but he has to square a few things away first.
"Twelve angels have died in the last hour." Tessa's voice was cool, detached, without sentiment or compassion. "More will follow. I doubt anyone will be along."
"Is Sam alive?"
"Or my ribs," Cas added, smiling faintly. "It's alright. You were under duress."
Castiel opened his eyes. "Uncuff me, please," he said calmly.
"Tell me more of Metatron's plans," Jonah demanded coldly.
After minutes of struggle, they were both, somehow, on their feet. Dean sighed in relief, like this was some sort of triumph, and held Castiel back by the arms, grinning at him. Sweat prickled across his brow. "There," he said breathlessly. "Not so tough, was it?"
It's hard to remember the last time they played it.
It was an uneasy peace, and it never lasted for very long. He would quickly grow paranoid, fearful he let some detail that would help him escape slip past him, or that Theo would be in his cell when he woke. Panicked into alertness, he would jerk upright, sweating, breathing hard. Finding himself alone in his cell, empty and unchanged, he would slump back and wait for Theo to return.
He laughs. It almost feels normal for a moment. "Yeah, Sam's probably getting some payback in the third-wheeling department."
He shoved away from the bed of the truck and touched Cas' shoulder. The contact made him flinch, though he didn't pull away, and Dean stepped closer, enough that he could feel the tension radiating off of his body.
"Oh, don't
"You don't have to follow me around," Cas said. The defensiveness crept back into his voice. "I'm perfectly capable of standing here on my own."
"And this is just the first part." Jody jerks her chin towards the stack of boxes at the other end of the kitchen. "Still need to unpack everything."
"Is this okay?"
Dean spent all day in the lavatory. Sam was allowed to occasionally check in on him to refill his water or hand him a washcloth, but otherwise Dean refused any company. Castiel disliked the thought of him lying alone on the floor for all those hours, but Sam assured him this was usually how Dean behaved when he was sick, so he reluctantly stayed clear of the bathrooms.
Jonah stopped in the middle of the cell, looked at him. "No, I mean—" His head cocked, the muscles around his eyes tightening. "It's not possible."
"I am back," he assured Dean. "I have no intentions of going anywhere."
"Keep him alive," he hears the ghoul say in his own voice. "I don't know how long I'll need him for. No one else touches him except me."
It goes to voicemail after four rings, and Dean sighs as he listens to her tell him to leave his name and number and she'll get back to him as soon as she can. Probably for the best.
He laughed quietly. "You still in there?"
he's ever felt. His bedroom is a lot more comfortable than Hell. And the Pit didn't have cable, or microwaveable takeout. But most of the time it feels like his brain is marinating in acid, floating from one catastrophic thought to the next. And he doesn't even have beer!
"No, no," he assures him, cupping his jaw and kissing him, once, twice. "You're good. But it's kinda like shooting a gun." He kisses him again. "You keep getting better and better at it."
"Not exactly," Castiel said vaguely. He knew how little Dean wanted to share this with his brother, and he wouldn't betray that. But he also knew how poor of a liar he was, so he tread carefully. "He didn't do anything to push me away. I was called upon by my lieutenant mid… conversation, and I could not delay. It seems to have upset him a great deal."
"Yes. Please sit down."
"You have a fever."
and he's wearing really nice jeans tonight.
"As I said, boundaries." Cas is nosing at his skin now, pressing idle kisses along his collarbone, shoulder, neck.
"What, you think you'll get married?"
There's barely even a trace that Charlie and Jody were in here earlier today.
He scoffs. "I'm not letting you—"
Theo's hand plunged into his back, forcibly catching the wheeling might of Castiel's Grace in his hand and extracting it. He felt his wing flatten, curl inwards around itself, collapsing under the colossal pressure of being reduced to a three dimensional shadow and pulled through human tissue. Massive, marble feathers were slick with blood and mucus, brushing against his skin as it was pulled down from the foundations of Heaven, out into the brutal, stale air of his cell somewhere on Earth.
"Doctor's said you're cleared to leave whenever you like," Charlie cuts in, and her harsh tone sucks all the oxygen out of the room.
"I'd like to take you to bed again, but only if you want to."
It took Bobby a moment to answer. "Demon spring break," he offered absently.
It was a sound theory. He knew Jonah was coming to him for validation. Not out of pride for having crafted it, but because he sought comfort. He wanted order, even at the cost of heresy. He wanted the structure of Earth and Man to be that of Heaven's.
"You say you're not using us, I say okay. I believe you."
Yeah, he definitely likes the sensation of floating. "And you still didn't make a move."
It's not, like, the
He huffs. "Yeah. Last one she dated wasn't so stellar."
"Yeah, well, I don't."
Dean had been unsure of what to expect—a nightmare scenario of steep stairs, impossibly tight corners, and dented dressers, probably—but it turns out the building has a freight elevator for this exact thing. Claire and Alex abuse the passenger elevator in the lobby to haul up boxes while he and Cas deal with the heavyweight shit. Jody, self-designated moving expert on account of the fact that she's the only person between the five of them who's ever actually moved into a place the old fashioned way, helpfully supervises, mostly in the form of telling them they're doing it wrong. It's a good distraction from having to watch Cas effortlessly lift hundreds of pounds of furniture with him for hours on end.
Eventually he runs out of joints and muscles to knead, though, and unless he wants to reinjure Cas' hands by overworking them, he's gotta let go. His fingers finally go still, which makes everything worse because now they're just holding hands instead of—of whatever the fuck he'd been doing. Jesus, he's an idiot.
"That doesn't sound very convincing."
The door to his cell opened on the fourth day. Castiel looked up, ready to greet Jonah, and found another angel in his stead.
There was a knock at his door, startling him. "Cas?"
"Kinda shitty. Less than before. Who was that?"
Castiel gave him an unpleasant smile. "Seek revelation, brother. Perhaps you'll find the answer."
Dean grabs the bone splinter under his leg and lunges forward. The ghoul catches his hands, almost laughably easily, and twists until he feels his wrist joints grind together painfully. There's enough pressure on his arm that his fingers relax and he drops the splinter, and his own face—the ghoul, God that's weird—grins down at it, like a parent entertained by the ridiculous imagination of their own child. The entire scuffle lasts less than five seconds, and he's already out of breath.
Castiel bent down and grabbed the arm of the chair, hauling Dean back into a proper upright position. He was less than grateful for the assistance, lunging in Castiel's direction with teeth bared. The restraints made the action pointless, producing little more than a concerning creak from the chair, but Castiel could feel how malicious the intent of it was, even without looking at the vicious expression contorting Dean's face. The Mark of Cain was hungry, and so was Dean. This was not good.
he buys him tasty food. Instead of telling Cas he deserves more than a gloomy bunker for a house and a benchwarmer for a boyfriend, he lets him drive Baby around and sleep in his room and goes to dinner with Sam and Eileen when Eileen insists on a double date night.
Cas leans back and slides the basket closer in one easy motion, carefully picking out another pair to ball up. "If you recall, you asked me to help you," he says, like he's completely unaware of how impressive the movement is. Dean can't do that without his back aching.
"You know what Cas said to me when he called? He said, 'hey, Charlie, I want you here so Dean doesn't do anything stupid', and you know what you're doing? You know what this—" she waves her hand between them emphatically and almost hits him by accident, "—is? God, I'm going to be in so much shit it's not even funny. If your boyfriend kills me, I'm haunting you for the rest of your life."
Undeterred, Cas pressed on. "My duties in Heaven were not the only things keeping me away. I've been avoiding returning to Earth on purpose."
Cas shook his head, and the smile he gave this time was wistful. "You need it more than I do."
"Yeah," Dean says insightfully, listening to the dial-up noises in his brain and trying desperately to concentrate on the topic at hand.
"Who fuckin' knows what Metatron did to it," Dean whispered, slumping deeper into the shoulders of the jacket draped around him. His eyes fluttered closed.
"I never said you were."
"It prevented me from touching you for over three months," Cas reminds him. "Limiting myself to teasing you is a remarkable display of restraint on my part."
"That's okay, you know," she tells him. "It's pretty normal."
"That's so cool," Charlie murmured. "I wonder…."
Jonah grabbed his ankle and twisted, and Castiel let out a hoarse scream. "Answer."
Abruptly, Tessa's head snapped towards the door, and she held up a finger to stall whatever pithy reply Dean was surely offering her. Castiel followed her gaze. He couldn't sense anything.
Cas drags his head up to look at him. His expression is displeased, partially because he was just interrupted and partially because his position as 'the angel Dean Winchester brings to bed' is currently the topic of debate.
He mouths
He comes-to in the Impala. His vision is filled with the back of the front bench, tilted sideways. He's lying down; something warm's beneath him. Dean concentrates very hard, figuring out which arm is his bad one—it's his left—and with his right he grabs Cas' knee. It's gotta be Cas he's lying on, and confirms that with a squeeze of his fingers. He'd recognise that knee anywhere.
Charlie and Jody, as per his carefully laid out instructions, are looking through the crypts. Once they find the nest, they can regroup and figure out how best to clear it out. He's hoping there are only one or two ghouls, tops. They don't usually have bigger nests than that.
"Have you tried asking him?"
"I'll give her your credit card information," Cas tells him. "She shouldn't have to pay to replace the carpet. Or the furniture."
"Wait!"
"Because it's my friggin' job, in case you hadn't noticed!" He struggles to sit up properly in bed, battling fatigue and pain and way too many fucking pillows. "That's what
"How is your back?" Cas asks.
Cas was a solid column of warmth against his body, and Dean clung to him as he sucked air into his lungs. It was dizzying, heady in a way he wasn't used to. He didn't normally enjoy making out with someone who wasn't experienced with it; didn't have the time to instruct or teach what should be a quick and painless transaction. But the eager and clumsy press of Cas' hips and hands and jaw against his own made him ache. He shouldn't be doing this here—not in a fucking scrapyard, not with Bobby and Sam in the house. Cas deserved more than that.
He didn't bother to wake Sam. The snow was letting up a little; enough that driving wasn't such a nightmare. He quickly got back onto the highway, where the roads were salted, and hauled ass to Sioux Falls.
"No."
"He's not the first angel who's wanted to kill us," Dean replied. The building shook again; drop tiles began to plummet to the floor. "Look, dude, we have to move—"
Dean's bloodshot eyes rolled around in their sockets, glancing sightlessly around the room before landing on Castiel. His face was drawn, pale, shiny with sweat. He'd removed his flannel, leaving him shivering in his t-shirt, though he was hot to the touch.
Theo laughed, and cut a fine, shallow nick in Dean's skin. "That isn't what I meant."
"I'll confirm it with Jody."
Castiel was careful when he spoke. "He gave it to me," he told her. "Theo—began to extract my Grace physically from my body. It was not something Jonah could mend on his own."
"No," Cas says slowly, but something alights in his eyes, and Dean mentally kicks himself for giving that trick away. That's gonna bite him in the ass later. "I can give you a hint if you—"
"You seriously think I'm gonna get tired of you one day?" he asks, and there's no helping the anger in his voice, the outrage. How
"Eventually," he said with a sigh. Realising he had been standing there doing nothing, he began collecting papers together, tidying the table. Weeks of work was piled atop the heavy wooden surface, and he saw both Dean and Sam's writing scribbled across all of it. He imagined the nights they had sat at this table together, desperately reading through books and journals, looking for answers. It made something deep inside him ache.
"Yes," he says firmly, like that's all that needs to be said. Dean's already rearranging his legs, hooking them lazily over the back of Cas' thighs because he can't help himself, and he feels almost sick with how much he wants this to never stop.
He allowed himself the luxury of letting his fingers trail along Dean's back. Soft, uneven touches, patterns that meant nothing and went nowhere. He'd seen human beings do this after lovemaking many times, and had incorrectly surmised that it must be a simple shedding of excess energy from overstimulated nerves. The mindless loops he traced over Dean's scarred shoulderblade were more profound than that.
Cas continues to be infuriating by breathing quietly in his own bed. Dean stuffs his face deeper into the corner of the pillow, folding his arms underneath it. It's not like Cas never breathed when he was still an angel; he got pretty good at mimicking human mannerisms in his own weird way, which included inhaling and exhaling when the occasion called for it. But it had only ever been a performance. Now he's breathing because he needs to, and the soft, vulnerable hush of air in his throat and nose as he sleeps feels at once very close and too far away.
"Excited to live with Sam," Dean mutters, shaking his head in disbelief. "Better warn her before she realises what a pain in the ass he is."
"I'm good, Cas, really." He pulls his good hand out of his pocket and wipes at his neck. Man, is it ever hot up here. "I uh… I don't know where to start, exactly."
thanks again to
After another minute of leaning on the bed and wondering whether he really had to ever leave his room again or not, Dean stood up and went to his desk, rooting around in the drawer until his fingers touched the concave arch of cheap shades. He pulled the sunglasses on, narrowly avoiding poking his eye out, and then finally felt prepared to open his door and face the world.
The laugh he lets out is bitter. "No, you don't."
"No, and no." He looked over Sam's shoulder at Bobby, his staring more severe than usual. His head inclined, the threat clear;
"It's, uh," Dean clears his throat, "it's been a while, so—"
"That is not
"Dean?"
"No, taking notes." Cas reaches across the table and grabs a book, sliding it in Dean's direction. His head's calmed down, so he fully opens his eyes and reads the front.
"I know," he says hurriedly. "I'll think about—about what you said."
Charlie sighs. "Do you
"Yes."
Dean raised a brow. His mouth twitched. "I mean, no offence, but is she wrong?"
Dean raises a brow. "You drink juice now?"
"Cas…."
Castiel tried to sleep. He drifted, away from the pain and away from the confines of the cell. He searched his memories, looking for ones that were quiet and comfortable. Safe. He couldn't remember the last time he felt safe; he couldn't remember the last time he even hoped to one day feel that way. Eventually Castiel settled on nothing, and drifted quietly in its soft lack.
"I'm fine," he said easily. "How are you?"
"Can I?"
"Because I told her that's what we were doing—"
He reads off the caller ID. "Oh fuck." Dean closes his eyes and puts the phone to his ear. "Hey, Cas."
"Right, yeah." Dean searches the gravel at his feet, hoping to find some answers there. "Well, I'm sorry I lied to you about it. That wasn't cool. I didn't want you to worry, and Jody called me all panicked about the case, so I figured I could take care of it and get back in time before you were in Kansas again."
He ends up making them PB&J, because he's fucking starving and doesn't want to stand at the stove again. They eat quietly, leaning against the counters, too tired to go sit at the table, and Dean watches Cas waste his hoity-toity table manners on a meal most commonly served to small children. He's really glad nobody else is in the bunker, because neither of them are eager to put on more clothes than necessary. The waistband of Cas' sweats hangs dangerously low over his hips.
Human vessels had to be prepared to accept the presence of an angel's wings, and that took a great deal of time and care to accomplish. It was also largely pointless; they were massive, cumbersome in three dimensions, and made human movement nearly impossible. Castiel knew of angels who had done it in the past, and they claimed it helped ground them to their borrowed bodies, cementing their Grace and enhancing their ability to conduct work on Earth. The practice had long ago fallen out of favour, in part because it tended to unsettle humans, and most angels—to his knowledge—no longer possessed the information needed to manifest their wings on Earth.
"Cas!"
"I did what I believed was right."
"'I'll be back'?"
"Dean."
"Wh—why? I mean," he scrambles, seeing Cas' expression darken, "no, don't answer that. But—what?"
Castiel was sitting on the edge of the bed, adjusting the heel of his shoe, when Dean sighed and shifted around. "Cas?" he asked, voice rough with sleep and confusion. Then, in a much softer tone, full of knowing, he said, "oh. Hey."
"Yes," Jonah conceded, annoyed, "but Heaven must be intact for us to accomplish this."
"I mean—everything." He gestures around them. "Our friendship. We got a pretty sweet gig going, and…."
"I still hate you, you know."
"For?"
"I do," Cas eventually admits, cold as ice. It reminds Dean of when he'd first landed on Earth; speaking all monotone, with a complete lack of any identifiable human expression. His features are marble, severe and rigid, but the giveaway is his eyes. They're burning in their sockets, bringing to bear billions of years of cosmic patience, just to be tested by one puny little human. "When we spoke on the phone yesterday, were you still in Kansas?"
God, he could pick him up if he wanted to. If Dean asked him to do it. He would in a second. He'd probably do it right now. Jump out of that hole in the ground and haul Dean off his feet, bridal style, and all the world to lay him down on.
"Nothing," he says automatically, and Cas' mouth twitches up.
Dean snorts as he turns on the water and begins rinsing the plates off. "You think any maid in their right mind is gonna see the outside of this place and not immediately run in the other direction?"
"Hey, bitch." Dean cocked his head, and without waiting for an answer, he kicked Theo in the ribs. He howled around his gag. "Thought you'd be a better warrior."
"But—" Sam's eyes continued to search the road, and he took the upcoming turn wide and slow. "Being gay or a woman isn't—that's not the same thing as being a vampire. Vampires are dangerous and violent. They hurt people."
"You look better," Charlie says tentatively, watching him lean forward and stretch his back out. "You were super pale in the cemetery."
"Well, for one, I don't know what it feels like," Cas says with a quirk of his mouth. "I felt claustrophobic, if you could call it that. Being constrained to a body I cannot leave, and can only manipulate in the lower dimensions, was overwhelming at first. It still is, sometimes. I felt like I was constantly retreating inwards, away from myself, yet I was still always physically present in spacetime."
"I'm not embarrassed," he interrupted, and offered a smile. "I'm being vain. I've thought about it before, showing you parts of my true form. The parts that can manifest on Earth, at least. Wings are the easiest to produce, and mine are…." His mouth wobbled, and he swallowed down the tightness in his throat. "They were magnificent. What you saw, the state they were in… it's a shame you saw them at all."
"But you can take measures to mitigate the risk," Cas says, still calm. "Yet you don't."
Dean's fading fast. He concentrates on Cas' hand, on the thumb he's brushing over Dean's knuckles, the motion so idle and automatic that he probably doesn't even register that he's doing it. There's a sudden sting in his throat that he can't swallow down.
"No," Castiel corrected him, "he disobeyed."
"What about Metatron?"
Dean woke after several minutes, groaning, breathing deeply. He shifted sluggishly on top of Cas, and the mattress by Castiel's right shoulder sunk down as Dean braced a hand against it.
"Look, man, don't worry about it—"
"And you have to take better care of yourself," Cas continues. He's cupping Dean's head, holding him still. There's something hard in his voice now. It's not anger; it's too melancholy for that. "You have to be more careful. I can't—" His breath hitches. "If something happens to you, I can't heal you."
As he had told Sam, the stitches in his side did nothing to heal the wound he had sustained from Rachel. It did, however, put to rest the worry he had for Jimmy Novak's body. It would not expire, or need significant reworking. A task he normally thought nothing of, but right now, it was difficult to even be present.
Castiel looked around the room, at his wings framing the walls. "I don't know how to get out of here."
Cas kisses him again, like he has a point that needs proving. And as much as Dean enjoys laying back and listening to Cas lament about how badly he wants him, there's something particularly gratifying about the fact that Cas can't be bothered to carry on a conversation if making out is on the table.
"Oh." Cas shifted his head, closer to Dean's throat. "Yes. Please," he added, strangled. The words came out like a confession. As if to reinforce his request, his hips rolled up into Dean's palm, like it was the only thing that could solve his problems right now.
"You have a very peculiar way of expressing it," Cas says, but his voice is endlessly fond, and Dean grins up at him.
He frowned at him. "But it's yours."
"The archives," Dean sputters, relieved and devastated at his choice of words. "I haven't started on them yet. Thought I'd do a little bit before bed. You game?"
Sam did that now—made food for the road, packaged it up into neat little containers like they were taking lunch to school. It saved a shitload of money, and it was, to use Sam's words, more health conscious. Dean was of the opinion that his brother was just making up for all the years that
He didn't need Dean's permission to leave—he could have left hours ago—but Cas wanted it anyway. "Are you sure?"
"Well, there's a bed upstairs if you wanna rest," Bobby offered. "And the garage if you want some place to yourself. You can make yourself comfortable in here too, if you like."
Jonah made quick word of his restraints. They clattered to the floor, no more than a slip of metal now, and cool air washed over the raw and broken skin of his mangled wrists. He flexed his hands; it was agonising, but he could do it. That would have to be enough.
"I thought angels didn't need to eat."
he's fucked in the head, his problem is that he can't stop himself. Cas isn't sleeping with anyone else, he knows that, and if he
Mary raises a brow. "They're not you and your brother, though."
"What?" Dean led them out into the hall, sweeping his pistol in either direction to confirm they were alone before looking back at them. "No way. Let's go."
"I will not die," Cas reminded him. His voice was thin; his face was pale. He looked dizzy.
Castiel ducked under the crooked door frame, listening to the sound of footsteps rapidly approaching from a hallway to his right. It was completely dark inside; he blinked, waiting impatiently for his vessel's eyes to adjust. Another inconvenience.
"I think she's—" Cas pauses to suck in air, the lines of his face severe from the bright wash of Sam's phone flashlight, still leaning against the headstone. His fingers squeeze around the grip of the shotgun in his hands. "I think she's gone for now."
"Are you leaving now?" Dean finally asked.
"It is, actually. I wasn't going to say anything." Cas stands up again, offering him a faint, amused smile. "Go on. I'll make lunch."
"There's a lotta noise in your head, Dean," the ghoul tells him, watching him with amusement as the other ghoul grabs a fistful of his hair, sticking the needle in him and pressing down on the plunger. "If it makes you feel any better, we were planning on nabbing the sheriff before you came along." The ghoul laughs his own laugh back at him. "Now I can go right up to her front door and do the honours there. Much better accommodations. Where'd you park your car again?"
"I'm—" Dean pulled his hand away from his face and let it hang in the air, the side of his palm razor sharp. "I'm awesome."
Angels did not require sleep. Constrained to his vessel as he was, Castiel did not require sleep either, though he felt the effects of its exhaustion. They bottlenecked his higher processes; every thought ran through the filter of his vessel's human brain, which was currently pushed well past its limits. Had Heaven's prisons been open to them all, he knew Bartholomew would have still ordered him to be tortured here on Earth. Human bodies were easier to break.
"Whatever you say, sir," she said, and slammed the door.
Cas doesn't sleep next to him at night. He doesn't come into his room at all, in fact, or at least, not that Dean ever sees. There's always fresh water on his nightstand, along with some extra aspirin if he needs it, but he never actually catches Cas putting it out for him—if it even is him. His caretaker may as well be Santa Claus.
"Are you alright?" Cas asks, suddenly worried, and he's moving away, like he wants to give him space again. Dean grabs his hips, keeping him in place.
"I was thinking about you," Dean said impatiently. "I don't know. I wanted to—make you feel good, help you relax."
He turned, looking at Hannah. She was staring at him, eyes restless, pinched with apprehension. Like Oren and Theo, she was also injured, spent from the fight and swaying where she stood.
The gravel crunches as Cas approaches. He comes to a stop a couple feet away, closer than duelling distance, but Dean can't reach out and touch him. Probably for the best.
"Come—come with me," Cas says breathlessly, tugging them up from the wall. He's pulling away, mission abort, but the hand clamped around Dean's arm is tight, more certain than anything Dean's ever felt in his life.
He frowns. "You journaling?"
When he made a full revolution around Castiel, he spoke. "We are done for today."
"Everything." He meets her eyes, blinking away the moisture in his own. "Everything."
"It's no prob, man. I like crashing here." Charlie looks up and finally notices him, and her grin is bright enough that Dean smiles back. At least someone is happy to see him, and at this point he'll take what he can get. Charlie's a pretty good catch, all things considered. "Hey, slugger. Nice sling."
"Is there a problem?"
"Distractions," Dean echoed, his jaw clenching. "Right."
Castiel helped him, peeling it from under his body and tossing it over the chair by his desk. "I thought I would give your brother the night off. He's exhausted."
Dean reached over to the glovebox and fumbled with the clasp. He fished around inside until his fingers touched a granola bar wrapper, and he held it out in offering over the backrest.
A tremendous amount of blood immediately began to pour from the wound, spilling down the front of his chest, his shirt and jeans. Dean died almost instantly. His last few breaths gurgled out of him as he collapsed backwards into Theo, hands going slack where they'd been wrapped around the angel's arm. Theo retracted his blade, expression twisted in distaste at the blood coating the steel, and shoved Dean away, letting his body fall heavily to the floor. Blood splashed warmly on the tips of Castiel's defiled wings.
He knew Dean was aroused—he was extremely aware of the erection pressing against the fabric of his pajama pants. Castiel smiled faintly, placing a hand on Dean's knee. His eyes darted down to it, lips parting faintly in an exhale. The response sent a thrill through him, but he forced himself to focus on the conversation at hand.
Hope festered, immediate and intoxicating—had his men found him? Was this an incursion?
"I don't know how to impress this upon you, but I am no longer an angel." He wrings the rag in his hands again. "If something happens to you, there's nothing I can do about it."
"I want to understand," Jonah whispered. It was a confession.
"Well, that's—that's the job," he says, and he's not going to get mad, he's not going to raise his voice. "We risk our lives to help people."
Castiel glanced down at the hands in his lap, examining his upturned palm. His other hand was clenched around a rag Sam had given to him to wipe his face clean of the blood from his nose. "I could remove the vampirism from Dean," he said after a moment. "Just as I could change the colour of his eyes, or his appetite for beef. But it would take a great deal of work. It isn't the same as healing a wound. And my Grace is… damaged and unreliable at the moment. I wouldn't entrust Dean's safety with it."
Cas' mouth is twitching, though he looks genuinely offended. "Were you under the impression that I rebelled against the Host, initiated a civil war, and relinquished my Grace merely because I liked you?"
It turns out he can't sleep, or even pretend to, so he stands outside instead, next to the Impala, and commits the cardinal sin of lighting a cigarette. He's cut back on them a fair amount, mostly because Cas is serious about him taking better care of himself, but kicking the habit altogether isn't in the cards for him. And if there's ever a time for one, it's now.
Dean wrestles Cas out of his own shirt, which is difficult because Cas has decided he's never going to let go of him, even to remove his clothes, but they manage. He's rewarded for his efforts with a broad expanse of pale skin, his arms and neck a beautiful blush of sun-kissed brown, and Dean's knees threaten to buckle when Cas pulls them flush together, kissing him again. He can feel how hard Cas already is, how hard he is, too, and the pit of his stomach is molten, boiling up and over and spilling into his ribs. They need to get the rest of their clothes off, but he can't stop touching him. The inner teenager in him is screaming
"I asked for your cooperation, Castiel."
Irritated, Castiel shook it off, stepping around the divot as he approached the building. The doors were all bolted shut, and the refuse and dirt around the exterior looked undisturbed. It further confirmed his suspicion; Sam and Dean had entered through the other side.
"Like what?"
"It takes seven to ten days for most people to recover from a concussion," he continues, and he's still not talking to Dean, not really. "But you're not most people. You've spent your entire life accruing traumatic injuries, sleeping on the road and eating irregularly. I counteracted some of that, when I pulled you from the Pit. I made sure to bring you back more than whole, wherever possible. I thought—I told myself I was doing it for Michael's benefit, but I wanted to alleviate any burdens you may have had."
"I don't know!" he shouts, floundering. "If I did, we wouldn't be talking about this!"
"Do you not hear yourself?" Jonah got to his feet. "Do you not know what it is to process all information in Earth's domain through a human vessel?"
"How'd you find me, anyway?" he asks her eventually, raising his leg and inspecting the fresh stitches and heavy bandages around his calf. He's gonna have a dent in his leg for a while, probably, but all things considered, a flesh wound isn't so bad.
"Stop it," Castiel hissed, yanking Dean out of the divot and shoving him forward. His hands tightened on his arms, no doubt painful by now.
"Well—" Dean clears his throat, trying to figure out how to word it properly. "This isn't, I'm not trying to start anything over it, I promise."
coming for you, after all," she replied, arching a brow. "But once that door opens, we're gone."
Castiel considered repeating himself as they climbed the stairs, though he hardly saw the point. Beside him, Sam said quietly, "it's really good to see you again, Cas."
"So repair it, then," he said in challenge, and Cas met his eyes again. His nostrils flared briefly.
He could have easily gathered his clothes together and settled them over his vessel with a wave of his hand. Instead, Castiel felt around in the dark, finding his shoes on the floor and his jacket and coat still folded up on Dean's chair.
A person ducks in through the doorway just as he gets himself settled against the wall, their features severe in the shitty lamplight as their eyes sweep the room before landing on him. It takes Dean a second to register that he's looking at himself, and a jolt goes through him that disturbs the wound in his calf.
"Hannah—"
She walks over and stands beside him, leaning against the car, and holds out her hand. "Can I have some?"
"Sorry, Charlie," Dean muttered. "Your blood's noisy." His hand tightened into a fist around the end of the armrest, and the wood groaned under the strain.
Sam led him through the maintenance halls of the warehouse, gun pointed at the ground in front of him but still held at the ready. They passed several bodies as they moved, all beheaded. He could sense a reaper nearby, in an adjacent hallway, negotiating with the souls it had to ferry into Purgatory. It had a good deal of work to do here tonight.
"Yes!" he snaps, like it's the most obvious thing in the world, and it hits Dean centre of mass, threatening to bowl him over. "Yes, Dean, of course I'm leaving. I—" Cas scrubs a hand over his face, clearly struggling to tolerate being in the same room with him. "I don't understand what's going on with you, but we are not having this discussion right before I drive out of state."
"I don't mind," Cas says sincerely, already collecting the pizza boxes into a neat tower. He's got that sad, warm look on his face that makes Dean want to put hot rollers in his hair and call him honey-bunches. Nobody else risks meeting his eyes for fear of being voluntold to do it in Cas' stead—cowards—and by the time Dean thinks of an objection that doesn't sound completely insane, Cas is already walking towards the kitchen. Oh well.
Dean was a heavy and constant weight atop him, his body moving just enough to draw breath and pump blood.
"Like Chernobyl," Dean says. He remembers Sam showing him the fucked up pictures of the reactor spill for a project he had to do in school. It was the only time history class had ever been interesting.
"Eight?" he repeats dumbly. Jesus, how long was he out? He goes to the window and pulls the curtains back with a finger, squinting outside. Even from here, he can see the heat lines radiating off the asphalt. At least it's no longer blinding out.
Non-consensual therapy session aside, he's grateful that she's here. He still isn't steady enough to cook all of his own meals yet, and he definitely can't drive, so Charlie makes them breakfast in the mornings and goes into town to pick up whatever food they order. One of the downsides of living in a bunker is that most delivery drivers won't come anywhere near the place.
They kiss until Dean's jaw hurts, until he's breathless and sweaty and feels his dick twitch, the little engine that could struggling to rise to the occasion. Cas has fucked him who knows how many times today, wrung out everything Dean's got, and his body's still trying for one more go. The prospects don't look good.
"I didn't say that to frighten you," Cas tells him, looking genuinely concerned now. "I don't expect you to reciprocate. As I said this morning, it's not meant as an imposition."
He looked away. "Yes. It's why I came here, actually. I have to repair my Grace. Theo damaged it in… complicated ways when he tortured me. It will take a while to mend."
Castiel squeezed his fingers. "What is it?"
"Nothing," Dean says automatically, like a moron, looking back at the screen. He can feel Cas' eyes linger on him for a moment, heavy and warm, before he turns back to the television. His hands remain folded on his stomach.
Cas pulls them towards the little baby plants lined up in neat rows along some more tables, the ones in the black plastic four-square containers. The selfish part of him wonders why Cas didn't come to
Dean didn't offer his thoughts. He made sure his lines were straight.
Hannah stepped away, to the desk in the office. That was another thing his siblings were still becoming accustomed to. Angels had an infinite upper limit on the amount of information they could receive and transmit, but a human brain did not. They required a complex system of external memory storage in the form of journals and computers and post-it notes. They made lists and wrote things down on their hands. They took photos so that they would not forget what they saw. Despairing over such limitations was pointless, but it was also difficult not to.
"You're gonna LARP with Charlie?"
"I was afraid you would—be found by Raphael, used as leverage against me." He winced, adjusting the rag at his side. "You're safe here."
Dean glares down at the blanket. Something hot and foul is clawing its way up his throat. It would be easy to tear into Jody. He knows exactly what he'd need to say to really knock her on her ass, make her so mad she leaves his room. Why ask for his goddamn help if she's just gonna bitch and complain? Doesn't she know the kind of person he is? She gave him a spare key to her house, for Christ's sake. She knew this was coming, and now she's mad all of a sudden that the sky is blue? Don't come crying to me about your dead husband and kid if you don't want my help.
"Not even that. I'd be just as horrified if it were a regular guy. Moving in together at eighteen…." She shakes her head, eyes growing distant. "It's not easy."
"Why?"
"That's a word for it. Felt like—like I don't know, something underneath hunger. Like how when your jaw gets restless and you need to clench your teeth really hard. You know?"
When they finally pull into the bunker's garage, Dean expects… something. A comment, maybe. A sticker for surviving the whole six hour car ride without complaining a single time. Some mild sense of relief. But Cas just puts the Impala in park and gets out without so much as a glance in his direction. Dean's stomach had slowly migrated towards the territory of his kneecaps, but it manages to sink even further as he watches Cas walk over to where Charlie parked his truck. To talk to her, ha. Imagine that. She doesn't know how lucky she is.
"Well, no, but—" Dean swallows, the foundations in his head quaking with each brutal second of silence. "I didn't, like—I mean I didn't want to assume, or whatever, but I mean—seriously?"
Charlie rolls her eyes. "No way, dude. Takes more than some dumbass moves to shake me loose."
"How many?"
The reaction was immediate; Cas melted into him, his fingers finding purchase wherever they could—a hand on Dean's sleeve, a fistful of where his jacket met his hip. He made a low noise in the back of his throat that surprised the both of them, and Dean kissed him again, pressing closer, their chests touching now.
This was the task Hannah claimed was taking up all of her attention. She was not a good liar, either.
"We'll be back before anyone knows we're gone, don't worry," he promises her, which is the incorrect thing to say, because Charlie explodes again.
She reaches over and squeezes his arm, above his cast, and then his hospital room door opens. Claire comes in, followed by Charlie, and Dean shrinks back into his pillows.
"This isn't my first grave," Cas says, smiling. He keeps a firm grip on the handle of his shovel, and Dean realises he's not out of breath. He doesn't even look particularly sweaty, aside from the wilted t-shirt and small whorls of hair stuck to his temples and brow. There's an adorable smear of dirt on his cheek, as if placed there by a make-up artist. It's like he stepped out of a hunter's edition of a Men's Lifestyle magazine.
"What do you need?"
"Great," he mutters. "That's great."
Jody laughs. "How do you feel about moving some furniture for me?"
"It'll take me a moment," he told Sam softly, and began to work on him. The remains of Jonah's Grace in his body were already stretched thin, and Castiel felt lightheaded as he repaired the damage to Sam's internal organs. Around them, the building shuddered. It wouldn't be long before it came down altogether.
"No." Blue eyes cut to him, cold, unflinching. "Don't."
Both of them look just as exhausted as Jody. A fresh set of stitches zig-zag across Claire's forehead, complimenting the array of bruises on her cheek and freshly-split lip. And he's responsible for every single one of them.
"Cas?" He dragged his head up from the pillow, blinking heavily, and used his free hand to wipe at his eyes. "What… happened…."
him! Tell him, or I'm going to—"
she says, relief palpable, and lets out a rush of breath. "
"Yeah, Sam didn't either." He takes a swig of his beer. "It got someone he loved killed. Kid still hasn't forgiven himself for it."
"Yes." The word rumbles underneath Dean's ear, like he's laying on top of a very large cat.
"Uh, Cas?" Dean said beside him. "Shouldn't we get out of here?"
"I don't." He was leaning against the northern cell wall, and the sun was kissing the bottom of his left shoe sole.
"Not—uh, well no, not like that." He's been jacking off in the bathroom like a fiend, though. Probably best to omit that part.
"I couldn't sleep," he says, and that's true.
He glances at her. "What do you mean?"
"—something that is crimson," Cas tells him, and he forces himself to pay attention.
"I can repair whatever damage Jimmy Novak's body sustains," Cas protested. He was fighting against Dean's attempts to sit him back down onto the couch, and there was a surprising amount of resistance left in him. Dean took that as a good thing.
Although Cas' back is turned to him, his smile is visible from the periphery of his profile, dimpling near the edges of his mouth. It's fucking unbearable. All of this is unbearable.
That's actually not bad advice. The last few hours have been a pain-fuelled blur, and he's still not entirely sure what's going on. But one thing is certain; he's gotta recalibrate, really think out the next string of words he needs to say, and then say them to all the appropriate people in the right order and tone of voice. There are amends to be made, and he's trying to be better with that sort of thing. It would probably help his case if he stopped pulling stunts like this. But then, well, who the hell else is gonna do it, if not him? He's always been the fall guy. And it all worked out in the end, besides.
"You're welcome," he says easily, like it's no trouble at all. "Are you okay?"
He held the postcard carefully in his hands, only touching the edges. The paper was old enough that it was browning at the corners, and a white crease ran through the middle. On the front of it was the ruins of Elgin Cathedral in Scotland, its stone worn down and crumbling from centuries of weathering. The picture was taken from inside the church; the roof was completely gone, and the low remains of the outer walls framed the grounds, which were thick with grass and littered with ancient bricks. What stood tallest was the back wall of the church, buttressed on either side with stone and built from thick columns. The frame of the high window was still intact, segmented like a citrus fruit, though the glass was long gone.
Castiel's smile fell. "You are valuable to Heaven's upkeep, Jonah. They should be kinder to you."
very mild warning for the kinds of bi + homophobia you get when you google anything related to gay dating online.
"Easily." He glanced behind Sam's shoulder and saw only empty space. "What's happening?"
Hannah nodded, giving him an odd look. "That's good."
He diverts what energy he has into listening, pressing back desperately against the membrane in his brain that makes everything foggy and slow. Even the hot scalpel of adrenaline can't quite pierce it, but his efforts nonetheless produce some results. It's not just screaming he's hearing; mixed in is the cool slice of steel singing through the air, the shuddering smack of limbs, freshly severed, tumbling across a floor. Fighting, his mind sluggishly supplies. There is a fight taking place.
needs to stop looking at him all doey-eyed like that. "I've been through worse," he says dryly, as if Dean needs the reminder.
"Yeah," Sam huffed. "He's—"
"Then I'll work with Jody."
Jody blows out a long, shaky breath. "
"Leave me alone," he rasped, brushing weakly at Dean's hands on his shoulders. "I don't need—" He hissed as Sam swabbed the area clean, looking for a moment like a cornered animal, eyes wheeling wildly between Sam, Dean and Bobby. His expression made it clear that he was trying to find the most reasonable of the three, and for some reason, he landed on Dean. "This will be ineffective," he counselled him. The grip he had on Dean's wrist was tight. "And unpleasant for all of us."
"I know!"
Dean was quiet for a long moment. Cas could see him processing slowly what he'd said, and hoped the words were the right ones this time.
He nods, because he can't form coherent sentences right now. That's another conversation he needs to have with Cas, later maybe, about how sometimes all he wants is for Cas to use him, push his body to the brink and leave him spent and numb on the bed, unable to move or think. It's not an obligation thing; it's not even really a selfless thing, much as he'd like to pretend otherwise sometimes. The truth is that being a pillow princess for an angel is about the sweetest gig Dean can think of. And, for some baffling reason, he's landed the job. Didn't even need to show his resume.
Dean was about as grateful for Castiel's presence now as he had been when he was being shoved into the trunk of the Impala. His shoulders heaved as he vomited blood into the toilet, arm braced on the seat for support. Castiel kept him steady, holding his shoulders, and helped him lie back down on the floor when he was done.
"Well, then, you won't have a problem. Finish up your sub, I'm gonna put on Big Lebowski." She shoves a few chips into her mouth and shrugs at his continued gawking. "Like I said, I'm not gonna pry unless you want me to. And I'm really bored, so…."
"You spent all day cleaning the kitchen. No way, dude." He waves for everyone to slide their plates his way, stacking them on top of each other with an unnecessary amount of clatter.
"It's an hour's drive back to the bunker, tops," Sam assured him, as if that solved anything. He was doing a good job of looking dour, but Castiel could sense his amusement. "I'll drive gentle, I promise."
There's those words again. Cas says them so convincingly, like it's the most obvious thing in the world that they're true. And he's still petting Dean's hair, so he has no choice but to believe him.
Oh man, not a good tone to hear coming out of Cas. Last time he heard that one, they went at each other like feral cats in an alleyway. Or, more accurately, Cas threw him around and screamed about rebellion, and Dean took it like a bitch.
"Bartholomew is not your concern." Jonah's blade appeared in his hand, though not to use. He studied the steel, rotating it under the wan slice of sun from the window. It appeared as a knife on Earth, just as all angel blades did, though Castiel knew it was much closer to a hammer. "How did you command others to move against Raphael?"
called me for!"
"I would prefer not to."
"You're—" Dean's shaking again. "You're in love with me?"
"And you need a breather," Dean surmised. "In a scrapyard in South Dakota."
Mary asks, and he remembers that telephone conversations require him to speak full sentences.
"About the war," he said, and gestured above them. "You know, temporarily."
"No tricks," Castiel agreed, and felt the blade cut into his skin as he spoke. "I'm just asking for mercy."
"I know," Cas says, strangled, and begins walking them towards the bed. You're so strong, Cas, please push me harder. Please force my head back more. Please bend me like a compound bow. My spine can take it, honest.
He brushes Cas' jaw with his fingers, getting distracted all over again, but he makes an effort to keep his gaze. "Mostly how bad I wanted to fuck you again," he whispers, and Cas leans into him, flush at the waist. "But also about how… how glad I am that you're still here."
Only Cas could make 'you smell like shit, go deal with it' sound loving. Dean grins. "What, is my smell bothering you?"
"Sorry I messed up your shirt," Dean said then, coughing into the towel under his head. Castiel frowned down at himself, plucking at the front of his dress shirt. It was wrinkled from the heat of Dean's body, smudged with blood in a few places. Some of it was from the nosebleed Dean had given him, though he seemed in no rush to apologise for that.
and he's still not entirely sure this isn't some fever dream, because no way in hell does he deserve any of this.
"It's a nice night for a walk," Dean says evasively, shoving his wallet back into his pocket.
"It's either that or the forest." He approaches the nearest crypt, studying the exterior. There's a small mantle on either side of the door for flowers, but they're both empty. Dean wipes at the back of his neck, blowing out a breath. Christ, it's hot. And bright. Way too bright.
"You can't—"
"Dean," Cas gasped, and he pulled back to look at him, to see the wonder on his face.
"I don't have the strength to revive the both of you if you die again," Castiel told him as they wound through the hallways, careful to avoid falling debris. "And I can't count on my siblings to be in good shape, either."
"Your room," Cas says, almost calm, and the ground beneath him quakes.
"I'm not condemning the work you and your brother do, Sam," Castiel said finally. "Or you, Charlie. You help people. You mean well. But I know you've encountered people who are monsters in name only. Ones who don't hurt anybody, who want to live their lives in peace despite their deviance."
Just under it, spray painted haphazardly in stilted white lettering, proclaimed
"Human medicine will not heal this wound—"
"You do realise the only reason we aren't still in Kansas is because I know how dumb you are, right?" He fixes her with a nasty glare while she continues. "You were seriously going to drive all the way to South Dakota with a broken arm and a concussion—"
"Yes."
"It's not—old man beer," he says indignantly, looking to Jody for support. She only shrugs and smiles. He narrows his eyes at her. Traitor.
Dean tightens the arm he has around his waist, and pulls his head up to face him. Cas' mouth is slightly ajar, eyes faraway, like he's not entirely certain he's still on this plane of existence. "I'll have to do it to you again, then," he says quietly, and laughs when Cas drops his head onto his shoulder.
"I'm more capable in my true form." Cas sounded aggravated, edging towards grouchy, but he didn't let go of his grip on Dean's bicep. Again, his fingers were cool—too cool, maybe. He remembered them being warmer in the scrapyard. "This vessel is damaged. It's imprecise."
"A while," she echoed.
A hand came up to pull away the washcloth draped over his eyes. They were still bloodshot, but he was a lot more lucid than he had been last night.
"Tell me how."
"So you're still—" Dean pushed aside Cas' coat to look at the wound, at the blood covering his shirt. "Bleeding. That's great."
"Thank you," she whispers into his shoulder in a cracked voice, and any lingering doubts he has about taking this case vanishes. Then she pulls away, eyes red-rimmed but dry, and gives him a proper once-over. "What the hell happened to you?"
The angel torturing him was not very good at his job.
"A photograph of Enochian sigilwork," Cas tells him, and angles his phone in Dean's direction so he can look at it properly. He's impressed Cas can make out even that much; random streaks of bright, white light smear across the screen, as if there's a miniature lightning storm in whatever room they're in. The centre of the photo is a deep yellow colour, distorted and curled in on itself, and Dean looks away from it. Even seeing it out of his periphery gives him a headache.
"I think about it every day."
"I know." He closed his eyes, drawing in deep breaths. Tessa was yelling; Jonah shifted restlessly beside him. He understood, too, what must be done.
"You can't take him," Castiel said again. It was all he could say. "He isn't finished here."
"Glass houses, Dean." She pauses, reaching for the bottle of polish on the coffee table and dipping the brush in. "Lots of guys paint their nails, you know."
"Do you need anything?"
There was a moment of silence before Cas spoke. "Why are you doing this?"
"But that is not permitted!" Jonah yelled at him. "Not without orders to do so!"
"You're no brother of mine." Theo reached up for his hands. His palm flared warmly on Castiel's forearm, and he felt the bones inside his wrists rearrange themselves, aligning back into their rightful place, the skin sealing back up. It was not done out of love; a broken wrist was easier to pull through a cuff. "When I need something from you, you'll know."
Charlie rolled her eyes. "I was being a coward, Dean. I thought I'd—I don't know—"
"For what?"
The silence that stretches between them lasts for a moment too long. There's too much concrete between them and the library to overhear any sort of conversation, so the only background noise is the quiet, ever-present thrum of the bunker's warding and the air system.
"I don't know what that is," Cas told him. "And I don't want to kill rats."
Theo did not have to brandish his blade for the threat in his eyes to be clear. Castiel swallowed, let his eyes drift closed, desperately seeking solace. "I will tell you what I know," he whispered.
"Up until very recently I had convinced myself that this," he shook their hands again, "was nothing more than a fantasy. I'd made peace with that."
It was difficult to manage the pain inflicted on his borrowed body, so Castiel didn't bother to try. He leaned against the wall instead, suppressing the tremors that worked beneath his skin. The chill even disrupted the old cuts on his body, picking at the scabs.
"I have to answer that," he says, and oh, Dean can hear the tightness in his voice.
"Wait, what?"
"Sam suggested buying more couches for the bunker," Cas says, and finally opens his eyes when Dean nudges his arm, holding out the water bottle in offering. He takes it with a thankful nod.
"I can drive—"
"How'd she find out about the case?"
"Dean—" Tears filled his eyes. Falling from Heaven had been cruel; this was something else entirely. "You can't—you can't do this, not now, not—"
Dean, with his hand still between Cas' legs, flexed his fingers, and felt him jolt. "You good?"
Ignoring him, Castiel sat back on the bathroom floor. His trenchcoat was gone, hung haphazardly over a chair in the library, and now he picked carefully at the dirty spots on his jacket, frowning at the stray specks of blood on his left sleeve.
He even permits them to indulge in the greatest of taboos; talking during a movie. They've both seen it a hundred times by this point anyway, and Dean wants to live a little.
"We're gonna have to—" He turns to look at Charlie and his vision blurs, hard. He staggers, catching the nearby corner of the crypt for support, and hears boots stomping in the grass towards him. There's a hand bolstering his good arm, another touching his back. "I'm fine," he grits out, feeling sweat trickle down his temple. He is not going to vomit. He is not going to vomit. He is not going to vomit.
billboards, and nods supportively through Dean's insistence that every person who drives a BMW is demonic. Cas in the passenger seat is enough of a novelty that driving doesn't feel like the infuriating monotony it usually is, especially late at night, and when Cas begins to dip into the road trip games bag, starting with Eye-Spy, Dean can't help but play along.
"Castiel?"
"I was thinking about you too, you know," Dean continues, smiling when the path Cas is charting with his mouth falters. "For the entire movie. I picked out that shirt because I thought you'd like it."
"The concussion's cleared up already—"
"Thank you." He swallowed, looked away. "I… I have to leave, for a while."
"Structural problems?"
"You command the forces of many. It's a useful skill. He'll even pardon you for the death of Naomi." The blade of Theo's knife was pearlescent in the sickly overhead light, tucked far too close to Dean's throat. Dean's eyes wheeled, searching, glancing down at the gun out of his reach, chest heaving.
He just wants someone to want to be in the same room with him, and he wants more than anything for that person to be Cas.
"No, I'm—Sam, what? What did you say? No, it's your brother." Cas sighs and shoots him an irritated look. "Sam says hello."
"Only at my behest."
Castiel touched his jaw, forcing him to look at him. "Dean. Please don't berate yourself. I'm very happy."
"Well, you know where he lives. Make a house call." Charlie smacks his shoulder, and he flinches away from her. "Whatever you think it is, it's not that big of a deal. Say sorry to the guy, buy him flowers, whatever. He'll get over it. He like—dude, he's an
"No," Cas says then, startlingly clear, and grabs Dean's wrist, pins it to the bed when he tries to touch himself. His fingers are still wet from when he had them inside Dean.
Dean smooths his hands up Cas' thighs and weighs his options. The saint in him wants to blow him right here, right now, until Cas is wrung fucking dry, until he can't see straight, because it's nothing less than he deserves. But Dean is going to burst something important if he doesn't get fucked in the next five minutes, and he's still shaking with how bad he wants Cas to drive him into the mattress. He resolves this conundrum by bracketing his dick with his hand, grabbing the base of him to test how he responds.
The only response he gets is a brief twitch of acknowledgement. Cas taps away at the screen for several more dedicated moments before sighing and setting his phone down on the table, looking up at Dean. "What?"
"And the—" Dean grunts as the ghoul jerks his head back in its direction when he tries to look around. "The bones?"
"Are you?"
A cry rips out of his throat as his arm is jostled. Definitely broken. He tries to remember what happened, but then his arm is moved again and his vision whites out.
"I'm always pushy." He holds his boot up with a hand on his ankle and puts the butt out on the tread, wincing when he drops his foot back on the ground. It's like some part of him is always hurting these days.
"Very well," he whispered. Cas leaned forward to kiss him one final time, and then he left.
It takes him a solid forty-eight hours to finally pony up and do the second thing, but no one ever said the arc of history bent quickly.
Castiel looked at him, still struggling to shake off the thrill of being touched again. "Dean—"
"Yeah, but—I saw him doing it and I didn't stop him." Charlie looked down at her nails, avoiding his gaze, picking at a ripped cuticle. "I got scared."
"Now say it in the Arnold voice."
"Dean." Cas shifts again. Their arms part, but only because Cas turns towards him, and the brush of their knees is not, strictly speaking, accidental.
Jonah stabbed him for his answer, but the pain was worth it. The discussion was over after that. Tomorrow, Jonah would ask him about Metatron again.
"You didn't, man, you—" There's something lodged in his throat. God, he's a real fucking mess today. "You're good, I promise. I can't—" I can't say it back to you, not yet. I don't know how. "It's not an imposition. Not ever."
Tessa froze, and turned with Jonah to look at him in horror. Castiel clenched his teeth, exhaling through them.
"What do these do, exactly?" Sam asked as Dean applied the last sigil to the west-most window in Bobby's house.
Castiel smiled, looking away before something burst inside him. "Thank you."
"I don't think I should be responsible for keeping anything alive just yet," he replies goodnaturedly, watching Dean study their entwined hands. Some of the hairs on the back of his hands are bleached from the sun, catching the lamplight and shimmering gold.
he says, over and over. His fingers tangle up in the cheap motel sheets, hard enough that his knuckles pop.
"You are going to debrief me on your decision to disobey Heaven's orders," Jonah said, ignoring him. "When you first decided you would rebel."
Part of it was him waiting to see if Cas would make a move first, which he eventually realises is the exact fucking problem that's been plaguing him this entire time. Cas
want this one to go poorly. Which is partially why he's spending so much time babysitting Cas' eggs. He needs to butter him up a little.
"You said…." Sam trailed off, eyes restless on the road, searching for things to avoid. "You said vampirism isn't a disease."
Wordlessly he nods, and moves up the bed until he's lying back against the pillows, suddenly nervous as he stares up at the ceiling while he waits. Which is ridiculous, because this is Cas, but he's been feeling real virginal lately. Dean closes his eyes again, willing his heart to slow down a little, and repeats to himself that this is going to be great. Better than great. This is one of the best days of his life, in fact, so he better not fuck it up, or he'll regret it forever and die bitter and resentful about it. His hands fist in the sheets.
"And there's a remedy to cure vampirism," Sam continued. "It works."
"Any response?" Castiel asked, glancing at Dean.
"Huh?" he says dumbly. The look on Cas' face is growing increasingly worried, but the stubble on his jaw is making it hard to take it seriously. He should tell him to shave less.
"Dean—"
He clears his throat. "You were saying? About Alex?"
"Dean?"
Jonah had always telegraphed his strikes. But Theo was a soldier; he lunged without preamble, without warning. The angel blade cut beneath Castiel's collarbone, digging deep, and he still had enough left in him to scream.
Cas doesn't seem to be in a hurry to pick anything out, so Dean follows along after him at a leisurely pace, walking up and down the narrow rows of tables. He gets weird stares from other customers, probably because of his cast and limp and the bruises on his face, but he doesn't care. Cas is talking to him again.
Castiel understood beauty as a thing constructed. It existed not in nature but was brought to life by it, by the act of calling it nature and proclaiming it as such. Beauty existed once it was named, and he knew the name of it well.
It's late into the evening now. His body is sore, overused and overhandled in a way he's entirely unused to. Parts of himself he forgot even existed are aching, but that doesn't stop him from tucking himself into Cas' side, soaking up every ounce of contact he can get. Cas is a lot lazier with his touches now, mostly sticking to idly tracing his fingers up and down Dean's arm.
Really showed Cas with that comeback. His prize for winning such a titillating conversation is a dark room with a big television and a heartache that'd easily rival the bargain-bin chick shit Cas likes to read. Maybe if he broke one of the lamps he'd feel better, but then he'd just have to clean up another one of his own messes.
He opens his eyes and offers a wobbly smile. "You're not so bad yourself," he says, the humour in his voice ruined with how hoarse it comes out, and then his hands slip to Cas' buckle. His fingers are shaking as he undoes the clasp, the metal clinking together, and Dean actually has to pause and take a deep breath to centre himself. You can't blow this, Winchester. This is the most important lay of your life.
"As I said, I won't intrude."
Castiel pulled her away from Oren and the others, out of earshot. "Yes?" he answered.
"This morning, yes. You seem to be improving." Cas looks up at him, and the intensity of his gaze is startling. "Did you have a fight with Mary?"
Just as Bobby said, there was Cas, laid out on the couch. He was on his back, hand clenched around a cloth pressed into his side. He'd bled through his shirt, and crimson stained the inside of his trench coat. Cas was very still, though his chest still moved occasionally to draw in breath.
Dean threads his fingers around the hem of his blanket. He wants to talk, just to fill the room with noise. Sam and Eileen have fallen quiet in their adjacent room; it's just Cas' breathing now, and the unreliable ambience of a motel parking lot at seven in the morning. And the racket inside his head, though that's not exactly new. Dean squeezes his eyes shut.
"There are limitations to this model, of course," Cas continues. "It does not account for quantum indeterminacy, or much of thermodynamics. But I believe it's still instructive for this conversation."
"I don't mean to disturb you," he said, looking between the three of them. "I can see that you're—busy."
He suddenly remembers all the potholes in the graveyard grass, and it clicks into place. "Smart."
Dean hopes he doesn't fall asleep like that, spread face-down on the bed; even wearing jeans and a t-shirt, it's a dangerously tantalising view, and nothing is stopping him from staring. Were Cas' thighs always that thick around?
"A nest, yeah. Charlie—Charlie found them." Sam scanned a side hallway they passed, flashlight sweeping the corners, the ceiling, before swinging back in front of him. They kept moving.
"No," Hannah answered. "Theo is in charge here."
"Yeah, I can. So start shouting, or whatever, and we can get this over with—"
"Hey," he says thickly. The words are difficult to get out. His tongue is too big for his mouth.
The glare Cas levels at him is impressive. Dean's never seen angels use any laser beam eye powers, but if they did, it's a pretty good imitation of what it would look like. But he's supposed to be behaving himself, so instead of sniping back with anything else, Dean folds his hands in front of him, fingers clenched around the water bottle, and says soberly, "no, Cas, I don't know what Laplace's demon is."
With a breath that was more sob than exhale, he nodded, and gathered strength he did not have. "Okay."
Cas tipped his head. "Peripherally," he replied, disappointment faintly colouring his words.
"Nothing, really, but… he seemed pleased," Charlie says with a smirk.
"Now?" Sam asked. "You can't go anywhere, Cas. You're pretty beat up."
He caught a glimpse of the silhouette of himself in the mirror as he stood at the sink, refilling Dean's bottle and re-wetting the washcloth he'd been using. Jimmy Novak's face stared back at him, but if Castiel tilted his head at just the right angle and viewed himself in his periphery, he saw more than just his human vessel. Pearlescent walls hung like vast curtains in the air; the broad breadth of marble feathers and gilded spokes curled around the neatly bounded perimeter of his vessel's shoulders. Angels couldn't be perceived by human eyes, not in their true forms, but no matter how well-contained an angel was in their vessel, they always bled out a little at the margins.
He clenched his jaw and said nothing.
His heart's pounding suddenly. "And what did he say to that?"
"I know that."
"Yeah, well," Sam huffed, followed by the sound of print paper rustling as he turned over the leaflet in his hand. "Where to, though?"
"Go in grace, brother."
That got Cas' attention. He frowned. "Why?"
Castiel felt the tip of Jonah's blade slide along his chest, the slice cupping the undercarriage of his ribcage. It was too shallow, in his opinion, though he cried out as if the steel had struck bone.
"I don't get what the big deal is," he says in annoyance as they continue walking. They're off the beaten path, trudging through the too-green grass. He keeps his eyes peeled as best he can, but it's giving him a headache. And there's weird sunken patches scattered around, so most of what he's paying attention to is not breaking an ankle. "Been doing this shit for years without a fuss. Now we finally get a break from all the world-ending crap and suddenly a hit on the head sends everyone into a panic. Cas is up my ass about taking care of myself, but that's not much good when a case lands in our laps. Ridiculous," he mutters under his breath. "It's like we're making shit up to be worried about now. A broken arm's the new apocalypse."
quickly—it was a trivial task of locating them in spacetime. Human beings resided in the lower dimensions, as did their thoughts, as did their bodies on Earth. To situate his vessel in their immediate vicinity was a task so inconsequential that Castiel had never bothered being proud of the ability.
"Yeah," he huffs. "I can relate." Dean's sure there weren't any big blowout fights in the Mills household where Jody told Alex to get lost and don't come back, but that was never the part about Sam going to Stanford that fucked with his head. Or not the primary thing, anyway.
"Guys," Sam urged, and the sound of shattering glass echoed nearby. "Can we argue about this later?"
"And it hasn't been—" He rolls his hips again, a bit more forcefully this time, and they both rock on the bed. Dean bites his lip from the strain. "It was never like this."
"Yeah," Dean says, and lets cold beer flood his mouth.
He shoves away from the crypt wall and looks around the cemetery, swallowing down the sudden tightness in his throat. There's nothing around here but headstones and shitty grass. And him.
"No, no, it's fine. Um—" Christ, he needs to use his words like a big boy again. This is so hard. And Cas' hand is so warm on his head. "So, gardening, huh?"
"I've wanted to, to—" His heart beat raggedly in his chest. He would shake apart in Dean's arms, he thought, and that was not the worst way to die. "Dean, I've wanted—"
Then they bank left. "You have peanut butter on you," Cas informs him, completely derailing his train of thought. He reaches up and brushes the pad of his index finger over Dean's cheek, looks down at it for a moment, and then slips it into his mouth.
Dean's jaw worked. He picked at his fingernail.
"I'm not weak," he spat, like an afterthought.
Mary shoves her hands in her pockets, staring out at the highway. It's an unusually cold night for July, and the air is wet and heavy with the threat of rain.
"How?"
Or, well, it seemed that way, but his eyes slide to Claire instead, then Charlie, hovering over both of them for a long moment. "Are you alright?" he asks, and it's unclear who exactly he's speaking to.
"You can keep watch," Cas tells him, getting to his feet and brushing his hands off on his pants. The moonlight is pretty decent tonight, strong enough to bleach the colour from everything, including the tan Cas is slowly acquiring on his arms and neck. Dean watches him in a daze as Cas drops back down into the grave, moving like gravity is only a suggestion to him, and grabs the shovel from the ledge.
Sam smiled. "An extra person, right. And you offered out of the kindness of your heart."
"No, no, pizza is good." He meets Cas' eyes. "We'll be there."
"Who cares." Dean's hand found the back of his neck and pulled him close again, and Castiel disregarded everything else that was not Dean.
"So?" Dean asks, unable to deal with standing there being stared at any longer.
"But we can keep your body from dying." He heard Sam move behind him, heading for the pack in the kitchen.
"Fourth?" He blows out a definitely-not-relieved breath and takes another swig of coke. "That's serious."
"Cas." His throat worked. "They were beautiful, man. Even with whatever had happened to them. You know, actually—" He let out a short laugh. "You know what I thought of when I saw them?"
He frowned. "I'm kissing you."
Dean settles further back in his chair, mulling that over. It's probably a good idea. It's been a while since Mary's called
Dean throws his hands up. "Great conversation, then, dude. Real productive."
Dean kisses him then, because he can't take it anymore, and Cas immediately melts into him. He keeps their pace slow, taking his time, and Cas smoothes his hands up Dean's waist, his stomach, until they're resting on his chest. Their noses knock together as they kiss, the rhythm of their mouths clumsy and a little off-beat. Dean's not a sap, so he doesn't know much about what goes on in romantic chick-flick movies, but this has gotta be pretty damn close.
He avoids Cas at dinner, which isn't difficult to do when there are three other people eating with them. Sam makes that even easier by setting up his movie projector and plugs his laptop into it so they can all watch Netflix on the war room's wall while they bulldoze their way through half a dozen boxes of pizza.
Dean's head jerked up at the sound of his own name. "Hey, whoa—"
"My whole thing?" Charlie repeats, grinning. There's a moment of indecision on her face, but then her cheeks flush, and there's a sudden sparkle in her eye, so he's safe for now. "Yeah, we're on our fourth date now."
Dean was already frowning. "You're not going anywhere without us."
The angel left without a word, slamming the cell door closed, and Castiel remained suspended from the ceiling. His head rolled on his neck, twisting westward, and watched the dust dance in the air.
"You're not," Dean assured him, ducking past and clapping him on the shoulder as he headed for the door. "Come on."
Cas frowns, and spares a glance towards the door. "You talk about your mother frequently when she isn't around. But now that she's here, you're sitting alone in your room."
Castiel glanced up at him, smiling fondly. "Dean," he counselled. "It's fine."
"No," came the immediate reply. Cas watched him carefully as Dean pressed him gently against the massive tire and bed of the truck, hands on his arms. He looked intrigued, bewildered, surprised. He also looked eager, and it got Dean's blood jumping. It was hard to read what was interest from Cas and what was just—well, Cas, but the parting of his lips and soft flush in his throat was all the confirmation Dean needed.
His eyes narrowed. "Is there a problem?"
His hand curled in Cas' hair, nails scratching at his scalp. He knew Cas liked that, and felt him shiver and whine into his mouth. He ducked his head and pressed messy kisses into his throat, feeling his pulse beat raggedly against his lips. He swept a hand, gentle and featherlight, over the rough stitches in Cas' side. He filled his thoughts and breath and nose and mouth with Cas, thought about the noise he'd made when he came in Dean's hand, thought about how all the tension had slumped out of him, how much that had felt like a triumph, to make Cas fucking
"Oh." Cas' expression flickers with indecision, the lines of exhaustion on his face sharpening. "Of course."
"You smell like," Dean mumbles, white-knuckling his last few moments of lucidity as Cas fixes the blankets around him, "you smell like wood."
"Fine. Who was that?"
"Actually now that you mention it, Sam paints his nails all the time."
"Good thing I arrived before they ate anyone else, then."
Visually confirming that Google is indeed closed, he shuts it again before shoving the laptop away. Dean leans his head down on his arms folded over the desk, staring down at the scratched pale wood grain before squeezing his eyes closed, and lets out a groan.
"From Titanic." God, he's an idiot. "I meant—like a rich English person, or whatever. I don't know."
on the loose using random civilians as chew toys?
"Nah, I'm fine." Dean nodded to the bed. "You can sit, if you want."
Chatter in the room, too much and too fast to follow. He hears Eileen and Mary talking—they're discussing the case. He feels a spike of pride at having figured that out. Business first.
"I'm trying," he said irritably, almost like this was a normal conversation. He wobbled between his locked leg and Dean while he unbent his other one.
Theo couldn't pace—too many bones and feathers in the room for that now—so instead he stood very still in front of Castiel, unhurried and content to observe. There was blood up to nearly his elbows from the process of pulling Castiel's wings down, and he hadn't bothered to wash it off. It would fleck away from his skin like scales when he moved, littering the floor around him.
"I mean… probably not." Relief swells in his chest at the admission. It's true, he thinks, but it feels good to say it out loud. "Been through a lot worse together than an awkward conversation."
Castiel went very still.
"You have trouble sleeping, and this is a healthier alternative to alcohol." Cas smiles at him before moving along, the lavender now in his other hand. It's too narrow for them to walk side by side comfortably, so Dean trails behind, connected at the hand, and tries to stop his brain from shutting down completely.
Oren landed them in the lower foyer of the bunker.
"How's Claire?" he asks after a while, and at that, Jody finally looks up at him.
"That's what I figured," Sam said goodnaturedly as he sat down. He set the plate aside on the edge of the bed, peeling a pepperoni off a slice of pizza and pushing it absently into his mouth. "How you holding up?"
He shook himself free of the mirror's distraction, berating his own vanity, and went back to Dean. Now was not the time.
"Don't I know it."
Jonah sat in the centre of the cell, legs crossed underneath him. He watched Castiel dip his hands into the basin; watched him pick the blood from beneath the crescents of his fingernails. His leg was healed now, after a protracted negotiation with Jonah. He found that his brother was best persuaded on the basis of utility as opposed to kindness or mercy. A broken leg was agonising, yes, but it was also distracting. Jonah had healed him, working the broken spokes of bone back together with all the care of an angel who had been purpose-built to nourish structural connections.
"Have you taken any aspirin in the last like eight hours?"
He flinched. It was not an accusation. The anguish in Hannah's eyes begged for him to exonerate himself, not just for her sake, but for his own.
Right?
"We need to—" He clears his throat. He is not going to vomit. "We need to check every one of these crypts."
"I have no such orders."
His strength, at least, was still something he could rely on. Pressing a hand to the graffitied steel of a side entrance, his palm ignited as the door blew off its hinges. The shriek of shorn metal echoed across the empty parking lot, and funnelled through the winding maintenance halls leading further in the warehouse.
"Great," he mutters, and lets out a sigh. Argument for another day. "Anything else?"
Castiel shook his head. "I'm not, I… I can't move."
mentally, apparently.
"Are you alright?"
"You will not—"
"What's what about?" God, they can't be having this conversation right now. "Cas, I was just—"
Jody hadn't spared any of the gory details when they'd talked over the phone, but seeing the corpse in person is always another story. Charlie's face is pale and drawn beside him, and Dean recoils as the pathologist unzips the body bag.
"I'd like that," he said, smiling.
"I've been working on the roof," Cas says quietly. He talks so softly all the time now. Dean feels like he's at a sleepover. Maybe they should start braiding each other's hair. "How are you feeling?"
Cas was silent for a moment, staring straight ahead at the busted up Ford ranger in front of them. "I recall you were sleeping when I arrived," he said finally, and with the same relieved tilt of his mouth as before. It made something in Dean's chest tighten; it also made him come to a decision.
He opened his eyes to find Jonah staring at him, uncomprehending. The flutter of his Grace in the room made it difficult to draw in breath.
"What?"
he thinks, flinching through it.
"You can—" Dean swallows, struggling to form words. "You can fuck me again. I'm just gonna… lay here."
"Doing what?"
"Wait, you were gardening because you were horny?"
"Dean," Cas says again, a little more clear this time. His throat works. "Please let me kiss you."
"Thank you," he ground out, and walked out of the office. "I'll be back soon."
"I'm fine, thank you," he says, and turns his attention properly towards Dean.
Still, the answer surprised him. "Tessa?"
It's way too hard to talk and shiver and dig at the same time, so Dean focuses on the latter two. The next hour is gonna suck really, really bad.
"You remember our discussion of Laplace," Cas says then. It's not a question. Man, he's not letting this go.
Castiel slumped back in the chair he was occupying with a heavy sigh, glaring down at the massive tome laid out on the table in front of him as if it were the source of his problems. It may as well have been, for all the good it was doing.
Dean clenches his teeth. Whatever this is, it isn't altruism. Not even close.
Castiel shoved away from Jonah with a grunt and crawled towards Dean's corpse. He hissed as his broken wings dragged behind him, heavy as cathedrals, but he had the strength to carry them now. Crumbling bone crunched and shifted around him as he came upon Dean's ruined body. The front of his shirt was drenched in blood, his eyes lifeless and unseeing.
Castiel began trembling again. "Let him go. He's not part of this."
Dean stands up from the table, the chair legs scraping loudly on the tile behind him, and stares at Cas in growing horror.
It took Cas a moment to respond, his mind struggling to focus on the conversation at hand and not how incredibly warm Dean was. "It… will drain you," he said roughly, looking up at him. "And it's dangerous."
"It's my fault," Charlie interjected, hands shoved in the pockets of her jeans. "Dean was helping me clear out the room, and those guys—one of them saw the thing on his arm. He said he wanted Dean—"
The grins he offers her is crooked, wobbling at the edges. Some of the pressure in his chest eases off, though, her words soothing. "Yes, ma'am."
Cas' only answer is an exasperated look. Play stupid games, win stupid prizes. Dean's mouth wobbles. "How far'd you get?"
Don't panic, he tells himself, and arranges everything he knows into a neat list in his head. He's on his back, check. He's somewhere possibly underground, check. There's a cut on his forehead, which is probably why his face is wet. His arm hurts like a bitch. Something's wrong with his right leg. There's a weird lapping noise nearby, but not in the room—water, he recognises. That's water.
Jody looks confused about whether or not that was a joke when the sliding door opens and Claire pokes her head out. "Lunch is here," she announces, and then looks at Dean with an alarmed frown. "What's going on?"
Dean's voice was muffled, coming from the other end of the hall. The cry was desperate; the hysteria had come to the fore. Castiel ducked out of the storage closet he'd been looking through and ran down the hall, following the sound of Dean talking.
"No, Cas, I'm good," he says quickly, and shoots a squinty-eyed smile in his direction.
"Yeah, I am." She pauses to smoke, and the end of it flares red. With a faraway look on her face, Mary studies the cigarette. "My dad used to smoke cigars, you know. I never liked them, but my mom, she'd buy these cigarillos. Champagne flavoured, according to the label. They never tasted anything like champagne, but they were really good."
"I missed you," Dean confessed, still not meeting his eyes. "I'm glad you're back."
"I can—" He clears his throat, and suppresses a flinch when Cas looks up at him. Dean holds out his hand. "Lemme see."
His eyes widen in alarm. "What?"
He sleeps intermittently in the passenger seat, but mostly, he's way too keyed up to relax properly, even with how tired and sore he is. The only time either of them breaks the silence is when Dean offers to drive when he sees Cas yawning about four hours in, to which Cas responds with a very short, very resolute
What dragged him up from the drift now was not paranoia. The building shook above him. Dust rained down from the ceiling, pelting his battered wings, catching in his filthy hair. Castiel coughed, slow to return to his own mind, and looked blearily around his cell.
Dean just barely stops himself from spraying water everywhere, and rinses their plates off far past the point of it mattering. Eyes kept down for the sake of his own sanity, he shoves the plates into the dishwasher, making far too much noise. He can feel Cas watching him the entire time.
in a million years think that— "And you just, you've always been there. Even if you left, you always came back. I couldn't shake you."
Cas is right; this is beleaguered to all hell. "Did you get all that from Woodworking for Dummies?"
"It's fine," he said hurriedly, his other hand on Dean's arm. "Please, just—"
"Yeah, mostly." She rubbed at her arm, the one she'd broken when tangling with Roman. "I don't know. Cyber warfare stuff is a lot more familiar. And I get to do it in my pajamas." She fiddled with the corner of his character sheet, dog-earing the edge. "And no one dies if I screw it up."
"You wanna watch a movie?" Dean asks innocently. Cas has his back to him, hands busy with Dean's shirt. Sam's insistence on keeping those Tide blotter sticks handy must have rubbed off on Cas, because he packed one for the trip and he's going to down on the fabric with it. "It's probably fine, dude. It's black. It'll wash out."
Cas sighs and gives her an irritated look, but it's undercut by his smile. "Thank you, again."
Dean tilts his head up on the pillow, baring his throat, and Cas descends on it hungrily, pressing his mouth against his pulse and sucking before dipping lower, lavishing every inch of his neck with silent praise. He keeps his hand threaded through Cas' hair, though he's not so much guiding him as he is hanging on for dear life.
Instead of answering him, Cas pressed a hand to his chest again.
"You know we had like three fights about this?"
He cringes. "Jody—"
"Cas—" Dean grunted. "You gotta—you gotta put your weight on—"
Cas reaches for the volume dial and looks at him in question. Dean only nods, and the music turns up a little louder.
"Why is the news so boring this week?" he heard Sam wonder aloud.
"I do it to annoy you," Sam informed him, scraping another batch of home fries into the casserole dish. The mountain of potatoes was beginning to look precarious.
Dean dug his cell out of his jeans and accepted the call without looking at who it was, squinting as the harsh light of the screen filled the cab. "Yeah?"
They're probably gonna listen to it a lot more now that Sam rides shotgun with Eileen for most of their cases. It's a strategy thing, he told Cas solemnly; he can't let his brother know he made a mixtape that alternates between classic rock, pop and jazz without Sam insisting he adds his own shit onto it, which nobody wants. He'd actually forgotten about ol'
Sam nodded, and the bed rocked faintly with the movement. "Yeah, I get that."
"Hey," Sam calls, a subtle but nonetheless smug grin on his face as he gives Dean a once-over. "Happy hunting?"
"Where's your brother these days?" she asks, taking a sip of her beer. "I'm not used to seeing you two apart. You said he was working a case?"
"What the hell is that?"
"Not like—I mean we just did, like an hour ago."
"I did make that pasta dish you told me about, though," she adds, grinning at him.
him?"
"Whatever the next curse Dean happens to get struck by better be more interesting," Sam said from his corner of the table, offering a wan smile.
She grins. "Yeah, I'll bet." Charlie interrupts herself with a yawn that takes up half her face, and then rolls her head around on her neck, rubbing at the base of her skull. "Come on. I need to get out of these clothes."
"You're sure?"
"Ugh." Dean wiped a hand down his face. "Feel like I need another shower. My clothes are sticky."
"I'll need help flying," he told her, and she looked back at him. "Theo damaged my—my Grace."
"Hannah captured one of Bartholomew's guys and got the location out of him," Sam said with a small, humourless laugh. "Go figure."
"Goodnight, Dean," Cas says before shutting the bedside lamp off, and something aches in his chest at how far away he sounds. Dean folds his arms over himself, clenching his jaw and squeezing his eyes shut. His bed is way too fucking large.
"You're sure you don't want to have sex?" Dean asked.
His eyes flicked to the clock on Dean's wall, despairing at how many hours had already passed. He had to get up. Castiel knew this. Being late would infuriate Hannah—it would also prove her right, which he was in no hurry to do. Leaning forward, he kissed the back of Dean's neck, and then took a moment to allow such a luxury to sink in. He had kissed Dean. He could kiss him again. Castiel let that fact nourish him, replenishing his dwindling reserves of strength, and then he began to extract himself carefully from Dean's sleeping body.
"I think it is," Jody says earnestly.
Cas watched him, amused, his mouth still tingling. "Are you alright?"
Castiel stepped inside, tilting his head in amusement. "I thought I would be, too." He watched Dean stifle a yawn around his knuckles, and the smile slipped from his mouth. "I'm sorry, I didn't realise you were going to sleep."
"Dean," Cas said breathlessly, reverently, making him grin.
Nobody questions him on why he's going to bed so early, which he's grateful for, except that saying goodnight to everyone at 7PM means he's stuck in his room with nothing to do but remember that he'd been in here not two hours ago playing physiotherapist with Cas. Drinking is the only sensible option.
It's still raining, though it's mellowed into more of a mist now. He admits that the view isn't terrible, though he can't imagine ever sitting on a balcony willingly. Birds circle overhead, probably looking for worms dredged up by the rain. Or whatever it was that birds did.
Another pause. God, the fondness in Cas' voice is making his organs melt. Next thing he knows, he's gonna be lying on his stomach swinging his legs in the air. "
Dean frowns. "What—"
And then there's mom, who seems to constantly change her mind about whether the bunker is a guest bedroom or a home away from home or a cursed place she should never return to. Dean doesn't go into his mother's room unless she's in there, but there's not much to see anyway; aside from Dad's journal, a gun cleaning kit, blade oil, and some clothes and toiletries, the room is empty. It's more of a storage closet than a space of her own. Her bed may as well be another shelf.
"And yet you still suffer from dizzy spells." Cas resumes packing. There's a shirt in his hand now. "Your skills are best served elsewhere. Sam and Eileen only need a translator, not another hunter."
Dean sets his drink down and leans forward. "Is this the special date pasta?"
"I've experienced desire in a number of states," Cas begins, and then interrupts himself with a soft gasp when the next roll of his hips presses him especially deep. It feels good for Dean, too, really good, but mostly because Cas is enjoying it so much. His nerves are still out of whack from all the attention, and if he can give Cas this, this small piece of himself, then he'll do it with a smile on his face.
Sam shrugged. "I don't know. It looked like a nerd thing."
He spends most of his time in his room, lying in bed with the lights off, and because he's not allowed to stare at any screens or do anything fun, he sleeps. It's hard to remember ever sleeping this much in his life. But he sleeps, a lot, and Cas takes care of him. Comes into his room every couple hours to remind him to take his next dose, supplying him with all the water and soup a man could ever ask for.
He lets her envelop him in a hug, warm and firm, and feels something cleave deep in his chest as she holds him close. The condensation on her beer makes a wet spot on his back, and he tucks his face into her shoulder. He files this away, so that later he can pretend all the half-hearted pats on his shoulder that Mary gives him feels like this instead. It's how you're supposed to hug people—hug your
It hurts so much to move. The screaming isn't human, or not quite, anyway. There's something off in the pitch and tenor of it, released from the depths of an organ that is not a lung. It bounces off the concrete, the dirt and the gravel, drawing ever closer, and Dean still can't find it in himself to move.
"Yeah, after they ate a bunch more people," Dean replies. "They already chowed down on one of your cops—"
The lavatory smelled of bile and blood when he slipped inside. The lights were off—and the switch was still broken, he noted with chagrin—but Dean was clearly in here. Castiel found him on the floor in front of a toilet, curled up with a towel and his jacket. The tight flutter in Castiel's chest at seeing how much refuge Dean found in his suit jacket was unhelpful and distracting, and he pushed it down as he cleared his throat.
The bed moves again as Cas climbs into it, and he has to blink away the fresh tears in his eyes to find Cas lying down next to him now, turning him on his side and pulling him close, and Dean is a mewling, shivering mess when Cas kisses him again. God, and they're both still really hard, and he's still insanely horny, but Cas is kissing him like this is their first date, soft and gentle and endlessly sweet, and Dean can't fucking deal, and the little bottle of lube is cradled between them like a baby and he's going to float out of his body any second now.
Dean slumps back down on the mattress so his hand is free, and reaches for Cas. Their fingers twine up immediately, and that anchors him a little. "You," he says, smiling up at Cas crookedly. "I've been, like, nonstop thinking about this for months. I'm trying not to have a panic attack."
"I called Cas here. He's gonna heal you," Sam assured him.
"Well," she sighs, bag slung over her shoulder, hand wrapped around the doorknob. "Can't wait to never do that again."
"I'm not going to kill you, Dean," the ghoul says, smiling with way too many teeth showing.
Whoever buried this fucker clearly had something to prove, because they're definitely past the six feet mark and there's still no coffin in sight. Using his breathlessness as an excuse to lean on his shovel for a minute, Dean wipes at his brow and blinks the sweat out of his eyes. Christ, he's getting old.
"The one about boundaries," Cas clarifies. "I told you that I didn't want anything from you unless you also wanted it."
Jonah made more points of entry with his blade. It was difficult to muster the energy to react to them, but Castiel made sure to writhe, to scream and shout at each cut in his skin. He regretted how much it bothered Jonah, but if he was being held here long term, it was a necessity if he wanted to keep himself intact.
Dean slumps back on the bed, letting the breath rush out of his lungs. "Everything's fine," he says to the empty, dark room. Above him, the shitty ceiling spins.
The reaper's words were barely audible when she spoke. "What have you done?"
"No, no, I'd like that." He feels his chest swell. "Yeah, the three of us. That would be good."
Cas kisses him some more, gentle and unhurried, and Dean feels like he's near sleep when Cas hooks one of his legs around his waist, hiking it up, before sliding home again. Dean's breath hitches, first at the friction, the pull, and then at how good it feels. He's got his arms around Cas, loosely framing his waist, but otherwise his limbs are butter, useless and heavy.
"No, I meant, since I've had anything in my ass."
"I seem to…." Cas clears his throat, and lets out a half-humoured huff of breath. "I seem to tolerate stress very poorly now. Not that I was particularly good at it before." A hand slides across the bed, and Dean squeezes his fingers when they meet.
Dean only laughed in response. He quickly fell silent, however, and sobered as he studied their entwined hands. Something moved over his features, something dark and unpleasant.
Charlie watches him pace with growing annoyance. "What is your damage, exactly?"
The second one is fancier, with insets for portraits of each family member above the shelving units, which hold expensive looking urns. The fresh flower wreaths laid about the interior, along with the lack of dust, are another easy tell; ghouls don't like crypts with heavy foot traffic, and whoever this one belongs to clearly comes here often.
"Yeah," Dean says cautiously. He sets his knife and fork aside, gripping the edge of the table. "And?"
"Sure."
"Sure." Dean leaned against the dresser, arms crossed. He looked completely unreachable, though he was only a few feet away.
"I see." He clenched his fingers around Jonah's blade, his skin twitching. "You took something of mine,
Jonah didn't ask him about Metatron again for a while. Angels were patient, but they were not very resilient; continually coming up against obstacles that prevented them from fulfilling their orders caused a great deal of anguish, and Jonah was unused to such complications.
"Yes," he grinds out. "Yeah, we had a—an argument. Did she say something to you?"
But Cas just closes his book and moves to stand up, still not looking at him. "It's fine. I'll go to the library."
It was Hannah's turn to flinch. She reached instinctively behind her, to her shoulder blade. Castiel nodded at the unspoken question in her eyes.
sign at the end, with a soft, concerned frown and tip of her brow as she quirks her finger. Cas actually smiles briefly at whatever she says, answering back, and then Eileen glances at Dean, giving him an amused look, and says, "are you okay?"
"Uh—" He clears his throat. "Can I have one of your beers?"
It hurts like a bitch to unfold himself out of the car, but Dean isn't about to ask Cas for help, so he grunts and groans as he shoves out of the passenger seat, feeling sorry for himself on his own behalf. He rests his elbows on the hood, catching his breath, and watches as Cas leans on the truck door and says something to Charlie through the rolled down window. The garage has shit acoustics, but Cas speaks so quietly that his voice doesn't echo.
"You don't need to!" she spat back, jagging a finger at him. "That is what this is about, isn't it? Not reclaiming Heaven, not uniting the angels, none of that. This is about the Winchesters."
"That's not going to happen," he repeats, doing his best to stay calm. "We'll be back in Lebanon by tomorrow."
"Yeah?"
"I need to repair the damage he did," he continued. "I don't know if I can."
In the secrecy of Dean's room, he confided in Castiel that they would be watching
"What a horrible fate," Jody says, shooting him a grin. "People looking after you. Can't imagine the toll."
"There is not a single mark on Dean Winchester's body," she said calmly. "Every atom is in order."
"You said I could," he protests.
He gives her a tight smile. "I'm glad you do."
Dean laughs quietly as he slips out of his jeans and into a pair of wrinkled pajama bottoms he pulled from his bag. "I feel you."
"It's not important. I'd like to speak of something else, anyway."
if you wanna come chat :)
"You ever worked a ghoul case before?" he asks Charlie. They're in Nebraska now, following the interstate.
Cas rocks his hips, and the both of them groan. Dean closes his eyes, feeling the fury of his heartbeat throb in his dick. He wants to touch himself so badly, but that means letting go of Cas, and he's not quite prepared to give that up yet.
to be anything but comfortable, after all, but he's glad that he's not telegraphing all the weird flustering going on in his head.
Jody heaves a sigh, and doesn't speak for a moment. "Charlie also called me when she couldn't find you last night, and I had to go pick her up. When I came back, Claire had cut your head off. Or, well, ghoul you."
"I don't need a babysitter."
"This change your mind?" He glances around the lot. The complex is small, and at this time of day, the only thing in it is parked cars. Dean scoots a little closer, relishing the body heat that comes off of Cas, missing his jacket but hungry for the alternative. The gentle rain gives Cas' warmth an addictive, humid quality to it, dampening the smell of dust and sweat with petrichor.
"Hey, Cas." The dust swirled across the surface of the floor from Dean's breath, making him cough. "How's it going?"
"Dean." Cas frowns, and he knows he's overreacting, but the words
Cas is standing next to her, their heads bowed as he hands her a slip of paper. "That's Sam's cell, and Eileen's," he's telling her, "but you shouldn't have a problem reaching me."
He digs out his wallet and flips through it, trying to remember if he's carrying any plastic with his real name on it. His actual license is in the glovebox of the Impala, but maybe—ah ha. Dean grabs his gun license and hands that off to the cop, who squints down at it critically. After a long moment, just long enough to make Dean antsy, he grunts and hands it back.
Charlie holds up a finger to pause, and Dean collapses against his chair, breathing like he'd just run a marathon. There's not enough oxygen in the room for this. Why the fuck does he live in a place with zero windows?
"I thought you liked wearing one."
Dean's mouth was warm, and this time it did not taste like blood. Postcards fluttered to the floor as Dean reached up and grabbed his arms, as if to steady himself, and Castiel reached back, cupping a hand around his jaw. Dean was strung tight, every line in his body tensed as if he were still anticipating something. With a thumb, Castiel found his pulse, sweeping the pad of his finger across it and feeling the rough pull of stubble against his skin.
Cas dragged his head up. There was a faint pink indentation on his forehead from where it had pressed into Dean's jacket, and his hair was tousled. More importantly, however, was the expression on his face; it held only a quiet, tired awe, like he was watching the sun approach the horizon.
"I'll find a place for myself," he said absently, hand falling away from the door. He stood in place, as if rooted there, his attention clearly elsewhere.
"Take small sips," Castiel instructed, and Dean was compliant as he was pulled into a sitting position. His earlier fury wasn't gone, but rather vacant, pushed to the margins to make room for how violently ill he was.
Later, he would have the space to be proud of Hannah and his men for how skilled they were. This incursion had cost them—much more than what his life was worth, in his opinion—but they had not failed in their task. Retrieving Castiel from Bartholomew had been their primary goal, but capturing his men was just as important. And Theo, clearly, was high up in the ranks. Securing him was an excellent strategic move.
Theo walked over to him silently, grabbing his cuffs by the chainlink between them, and hauled Castiel onto his feet. He hooked them securely back onto the pipe, and Castiel cried out at the swollen, aching burn in his shoulders.
"Half a day, at most," he reasoned with her. "I need to repair my wings, and that will take time."
That answer is not at all reassuring, so Cas kisses him some more, slowly, his hand brushing down Dean's arm until it settles on the swell of his hip. There's no demand in it, no expectation. Dean could call this whole thing off right now and Cas wouldn't protest. He wouldn't even
"Theo—" Castiel struggled. He was sitting on the ground, the weight of his wings immense and crushing. He couldn't use his arms, and there was no strength left in his legs. Horrified, he did nothing but sit there, watching Theo wrestle Dean into angry submission. "Let him go," he pleaded, instead of doing anything else. "Please."
Jonah's face was contorted with effort, frustration. Perhaps a different tact would work better. "Please answer my original question. It will be useful in your understanding, I promise," Castiel added, noting Jonah's wary frown. "Whose directive do you follow?"
Cas, ambivalent to that assessment, merely rolled his hips up into Dean's hand again. A noise rumbled low in his throat, approaching a whine, and Dean felt Cas' mouth nudge at his cheek again, a voiceless but very obvious request. More than happy to oblige, he kissed him, properly this time, hot and open, and was rewarded with another shuddering moan from Cas.
"Yes." He hung onto Oren, trying to will away the nausea climbing up his throat. He was rapidly becoming sympathetic to Dean's dislike of being ferried around by angels—being a passenger was deeply unpleasant. "Thank you."
"You're treating me like some—" He looked at the door, as if just realising they may be overheard, and lowered his voice. "I'm not a housewife. I'm not—we aren't even—" His throat worked. "I give you one handy in a parking lot and now you're doing the whole noble soldier thing. It's weird."
Sam's flashlight preceded his voice, slicing through the gloom and pointing directly in Castiel's face. "Hey!" Sam barked, pistol sat atop the stock of his flashlight. His reflexes and trigger discipline were good enough that Castiel didn't have to disarm him—or endure the misfortune of a bullet wound—but the alarm was clear in Sam's voice. "Woah. Jesus, Cas." The flashlight dipped, leaving white spots in Castiel's vision, and he blinked them away as Sam's sweaty, pinched expression came into view. He glanced down at the crumpled door on the ground, incredulous. "Could you be any louder?"
"Hey," Dean said weakly then, looking up at Castiel with a smile that wobbled at the edges. The delicate lines around his eyes were faintly creased, hiding a freckle between their folds. "Hi."
"We can check," Jody says. "You think they're living in there?"
"No, that was a vamp." He scratched at his arm. "Shit happens."
"Dean."
"You're upset," he said finally. Castiel watched the command centre from the glass wall of the office, noting with a twinge how few angels moved around inside it now. He had cleaned up when he arrived, settling back into the familiar coat and dress jacket. His shirt was fresh and ironed once again, buttoned to the neck.
He sighs. "Look, I'm—I know how much of an idiot I am, okay? You think it's bad putting up with me, trying living inside my head."
Theo was gagged—he was also injured, bleeding from a wound in both his shoulder and his knee. Oren cleared his throat.
His back hits the kitchen wall before he can blink, and then Cas is on him, cradling his face in his hands, kissing him so hard and so fast Dean's head spins. The sound of it is loud in the silence of the kitchen, their breath scraping harshly together, and Dean grabs fistfuls of his shirt, pulling him closer, banishing any amount of distance between them. He's in the stratosphere already, feeling Cas' stubble scrape against his jaw, his mouth moving roughly over his own. One of his hands finds its way to Dean's hair, nails grazing his scalp, and his vision threatens to white out, so he squeezes his eyes closed and kisses Cas back with everything he's got. He's spent the last however many days, weeks, months, thinking about striding across the room and kissing Cas until he can't breathe, and now it's happening, actually happening, and it's better than anything he could've ever imagined.
Dean's nose flattened against the bed of the trunk, his eyes squeezing closed. His breath came out stuttered. "Your heartbeat is really loud."
"I understand," Castiel interrupted. "I'd prefer that, in fact. Hannah believes I'm too attached to you."
Cas smiles. "You remember that?"
He looked up at Dean. The low light pulled at the creases around his eyes more than usual, making him look older than he was. Castiel sighed. "She knows something is wrong."
Cas keys the play button, and Dean lets out a quiet laugh as
Sam shot him a look. "Care to elaborate?"
"But I don't—I don't understand how you discover revelation."
Dean was too close to look at him properly. He felt so much larger now, curled around Castiel as he was. The strength in his arms and the warmth of his skin was nourishing. Even in cuffs, Castiel felt the exquisite force of Dean's soul thrum through his body. They'd never been this close before—not for this long, not since Castiel had carried him out of Hell.
"Well, you're standing out here smoking in a parking lot in the middle of the night," she says, smiling at him. "Figured something was on your mind."
return; they never get off easy when it comes to ghosts.
"Dean—"
"Sam is right," Cas continues on, reaching up to place his shovel on the ground. His shirt rides up his stomach when he does it, betraying a thin line of hair that disappears into the waistband of his jeans and boxers. "You should take better care of yourself."
"Get him up," Mary is saying, out of Dean's line of sight. All he can see is dead vamps littering the ground around him, and there's some sort of fog in the warehouse, like a cloud set up shop in their nest. "Nearest hospital's only ten minutes out."
"Old," he replies with a sigh. Dean settles himself more comfortably on the hard steel, his feet aching in his boots. There's an open 12-pack of water bottles shoved in the corner of the truck, and he pulls one out of the ripped plastic packaging. Despite the chilly air, the water is tepid.
"I explicitly did not," Cas corrected him.
They unfolded out of the car, and Dean had to hold fast to the driver side door for a minute to keep himself steady. His calves were numb with static; his knees ached from being bent for so long. It had been two days since he'd last showered, and his mouth was full of sour cotton. God, he needed a beer. Across the hood, Sam was groaning as he stretched his back out.
"Dean." He turned on the bed to better face him, and flinched when their knees brushed. "I'm not telling you this to make you feel guilty."
That proved to be a much more difficult task. Cas was still stiff, still tense, even as he was pressing into Dean, letting him carry his weight. Dean could feel him hard against his thigh, and the random shift of his hips probably meant Cas was unused to this, too. The thought made his heart pound. Maybe there was something to sleeping with virgins, after all.
"Cannibalism is a common practice in many species," Castiel explained. "Vampirism is a form of that."
"You're gonna come in handy," the ghoul says, ignoring his question. Its breath is the only tell that something is off; it's putrid, rank with dead blood. "Thought we'd need to pack up and move along, further North, but you're just what we—"
It's weird that they're talking about it; it's extra weird that Dean is the one bringing it up. He wants to smack himself, tell him not to poke the bear too much. It went good—great, in fact—crisis averted, so there's no sense in lingering on it. But he's feeling a bit reckless at the moment, a bit daring. Maybe it's because the bottom half of his body is still tingling, but a quiet thrill goes through him as he realises he
"Is that what this is about?"
"Can you?" Cas says mildly.
"Can I see some ID?"
"Hannah, Oren," Castiel greeted, and they came together in the centre of the room.
Charlie frowned. "Man, he's pissed."
"She's fine, aside from some bruising," Jody says, leaning her head on an upraised fist. She looks exhausted. "Pretty pissed at me."
"It could be that good," Cas whispers, in awe.
Dean and Cas are covering the north exit; Sam and Eileen the south; and Mary and her smoke machine will cover the east. They'll hit the nest at dawn and ditch town by noon. Simple case, simple plan, what could go wrong.
God, Cas just says this shit, calm and relaxed, like what came out of his mouth isn't the most heartbreaking thing Dean's ever heard. He dusts the crumbs off his hands, shoving up into a standing position, and crowds Cas against the counter. Cas straightens, surprised, and Dean boxes him in with his arms, hands braced on either side of him.
"What?" He frowns. His brain is going a million miles an hour, and Cas is bouncing around different topics with no concern for his well-being. "Well—well yeah, I mean, but if you're not—if you don't want to, that's cool, I'm not—"
In a stroke of what Dean reluctantly considers good luck, they actually do spend the next week holed up in the bunker, though he spends very little of it on his mattress.
Cas looks up from the pizza boxes he's flattening on the other side of the counter. "Yes," he says cryptically instead of his usual thank-you, and Dean raises a brow. Cas' mouth quirks. "Eileen told me very emphatically that you should invest in a maid."
"Dose…?" Dean blinks slowly. "Your hands are… so…."
"Moondoor?"
"I'm helping you," Cas says patiently, rolling up to his knees before holding his hand out. "Come up here."
"Please," Dean says, once more, just so he's sure, just so that there's no doubt in anybody's mind that he wants this as bad as Cas does.
Castiel wasn't sure what his expression looked like, but Dean quickly cleared his throat, eyes widening. "Or not, okay. No cutting wings off."
"So you keep saying." Dean went to one of the drawers and pulled out a shirt and sweater. He figured angels didn't get cold, but it was still hammering snow outside, and he couldn't imagine Cas in just a t-shirt. That seemed far too scandalous.
"You're really beginning to aggravate me," Cas said as they dragged him out of the office.
"Twilight Princess," she corrects automatically. Charlie rolls one of the bottles in her hands, the bottom of it clacking on the table. "I'm not giving you this beer if you leave."
"No." Cas' eyes dance around his face, soft in the way Cas sometimes gets. Dean remembers a time in his life where he'd cough and move away and grab a beer, lest he be accused of being too obvious. It's unclear when he stopped doing that, but it's not his instinctive response anymore. It hasn't been for a long time.
Dean keeps his jaw shut for his own good. Charlie's got this weird magical ability to make reality sound reasonable, like there is in fact some order to the universe. It's all so easy when she says it like that. Talk, apologise, make amends.
He does, like there's nothing left but to follow the command, and he groans out Dean's name as he does it, gasping into his mouth. His hips rock hard into him, once, twice, three times, until he's spent completely. Cas' weight is heavy atop him when he momentarily forgets his manners and collapses, but Dean couldn't be more content. It's the closest they can get, the closest they ever can be, and it's finally enough.
He looked around the room. The war room's table was dimmed for the night, and covered in notes. Castiel wandered over to it, sliding the pages his way and easily recognising Sam's handwriting. It was a print-out of an online news article from seven weeks ago, detailing the brutal deaths of two teenagers near a bus terminal in Bellevue, Idaho. Sam had highlighted the relevant passages in pink, with his notes creeping along the margins.
Dean wanted to tell him it wasn't like that. He didn't get into any kind of argument with Cas, or tell him to fuck off—he didn't do jack shit. The opposite, in fact.
But he would wait, he thought, for a few moments more. He owed Dean the courtesy of a proper farewell, even if it would be easier and more efficient to simply slip away now, when he was still sleeping.
night is all that I'm asking of you!"
The inaction worried Castiel. Dean should have been jumping up to guard the door, to look for something to do. Instead, he looked absent, retreating inwards. Just as Castiel had done.
"Where is Dean?"
Cas gets himself settled beside him after turning off the lights. There's a scandalous lack of distance between them on the bed, which is good, but Cas keeps his hands folded over his stomach, which is not as good. Their arms brush together, a whisper of contact, but he can feel the summer heat radiating off Cas' skin. He suppresses a shiver, suddenly feeling chilly. He bets the rest of Cas' body is just as warm.
Sam didn't dignify that with a response. Dean took more leisurely sips of his coffee, pleased that he was keeping it down so far, and leaned against the counter as he watched Sam finish off his marathon cooking. There was stuff all over the counters—cutting boards, knives, stray potato peels and leaky packaging from the bacon and like four different dish cloths scattered around the kitchen.
"Is she dead?"
Dean finishes his whisky, exhaling with a slight cough as it singes the inside of his throat. Maybe what he
It was difficult to judge how much time had passed. The sun disappeared from the window, replaced by the hazy night sky only seen in large urban centres, whose light hid all stars from view. Snow still fell, though it fell now in soft, small pellets, collecting on the windowsills and looking much like the salt hunters coated their homes with. It was entirely aesthetic, and yet it strangely made him feel safer. A wall between him and the open sky, however humble.
"Yeah, and?"
Dean turned to look at him. "You mean helping you? Because you showed up here asking for it?"
He closes his eyes and wills himself to calm down. Cas hid all the alcohol in the bunker because you "can't drink and take opiates at the same time", and even though the most exciting thing Dean's been pounding back lately is extra strength Tylenols, there's still no beer in sight, so that option is out. Only thing to do now is swallow all this down and deal with it later, sober. Awesome.
And then, horrified, there was Dean, broad shoulders filling the doorway. Softly, he said, "Cas?"
"Come on, poindexter, take a break." Dean nudges the pages with the edge of Cas' plate, and he pushes both his journal and the book aside as Dean slides the plate in front of him.
"I got you," Dean said with effort, arms quickly wrapping around his back, careful not to touch where the wings protruded from his shoulders. "I got you."
"I was fucking born ready."
Dean watches them go, feeling like he's slowly being pushed underwater, and it takes all he has to look Cas in the eye.
"Yeah," he hummed, then stood up to reach for a mug in the cupboard.
"Commander, it's so good to see you. We thought—" Oren looked down at Theo. "He said you were dying."
the one who's out of place, if anything. Yesterday he even texted Claire and Jody to ask them how they were doing, see if they needed anything, and they still haven't responded to him, so Dean just accepts the fact that he's going to die alone and no one will visit his grave.
Dean groaned when he was finished, head pressing into the toilet seat, shivering. Blood dripped from his bottom lip, spotting the tile beneath him, but he didn't seem to notice. The shiver that wracked through him was strong enough to make him tip sideways, and Castiel's hand was the only thing keeping him from slumping back onto the floor.
Sam looked away. "Long story. Let's—get going."
"Sorry," he says again. His eyes are so heavy, and he doesn't have any good reason to keep them open. He barely slept at all last night. He should've stayed in bed with Cas. "Sorry."
Dean stood up—or at least, he tried to. Castiel couldn't support the weight of his own body, let alone the marble columns of his wings. Dean grunted with effort, adjusting his hands on Castiel's arms, his waist and back, trying desperately to get him even to his knees. The struggle sent lances of pain through his body, too many at once to catalogue where they'd come from, and still Castiel could not move. His hands were bound; he couldn't even hold Dean, not like he wanted to.
Dean huffs and takes a drag. "No argument there."
"Do you want me to leave?"
"Um." He let out a breath, studying their hands. "Can we… uh, keep this on the DL?"
"Hey, man, I'm happy for you. Not exactly picket fence shit, but—" He shrugs again. "Y'know."
When breathing became an emergency, he pulled away, gasping, resting his nose against Cas' cheek. One of his hands found the back of his neck, curling into his hair. He needed an anchor, too, as it turned out.
He sighs. "I dunno. What if—she says yes?"
"Alright, onto plan C." Dean grunted, adjusting his grip. Castiel concentrated on keeping his knees from buckling. Dean's voice wavered with adrenaline when he spoke, but his tone was firm. "I'm gonna call Hannah and get her down here. She'll know what to do."
"Not without you." Dean's jaw idly brushed the top of his head as he looked around the cell. "The other angels—Hannah, she's here, with your men. They can fix you up."
"I can't torture you too much about it, anyway," she says goodnaturedly. "You're like the bunker punching bag right now. Feels like I'm kicking a puppy."
"You been sneaking around with the lights off or something?"
Dean holds a hand out, not entirely sure what he's reaching for, but Cas meets him immediately, bowing over Dean like he's about to supplicate himself before an altar. He braces a hand by Dean's head, the other wrapping around one of his thighs, cool and wet, and meets his eyes.
He can hear Cas talking to somebody as he approaches. Without thinking, Dean ducks his head and sniffs under his arm, then has to pause while the floor spins in front of him. He hopes nobody else is in the bunker. It's hard to remember the last time he showered, and he smells like it.
"We don't have to talk about gardening," Cas offers, and he still sounds a little worried.
"No," he answered, and gestured to the bed for Sam to sit. "Thank you."
"I'm sorry," he says, looking back at her. That's always a safe bet. "Really, I am."
This was how he was used to observing humanity.
"No, I—I want to, if that's alright. Give me something else to think about."
Had they discovered his second in command? He'd never mentioned her to Jonah. "I'm sure I've… been replaced in my absence."
"That can't be good," Sam murmured.
Castiel was arranging his legs into what was hopefully a semi-comfortable position when he felt Dean attempt another lunge upright. Castiel had a hand pressed to his shoulder to keep him braced on his stomach, which was Dean's new target. His teeth were bared, intent on the exposed skin, and Castiel removed the hand to grab roughly at Dean's jaw instead.
"No," Cas whispered, "but that's not important."
Jonah pulled back, staring down at the weapon in confusion. "What are you—"
He chews on the prospect of Eileen moving in more permanently as he works through the chore roster for the day; laundry, armoury, and finally his room. He's got nothing against the idea—it's been years since he saw Sam this happy, and Eileen's pretty cool—but if three's company, then four's a city. He's not so much concerned about space as he is about logistics. Cas had folded into the fabric of their lives surprisingly easily; hunts don't feel crowded with three people. But four hunters means two cars and two motel rooms, and there's only so much work to go around for run-of-the-mill hauntings and violent deaths. They'll probably be splitting up more often now, working separate cases on their own, so he's gonna have to get used to Cas riding shotgun and sleeping in the same room as him and being the new Agent Page.
He lets the curtains drop and glares at her. "No."
"You can jack off," Dean suggests. "I mean, that's what I do."
"Oh." Dean nods. "Good."
Jonah reached for Castiel's shin, and he held out a hand in warning. His cuffs clinked from the movement. "Stop," he gasped, "please. I'll tell you."
"I hate you."
"Poor choice of words," he amends quickly. "But I've tangled with worse, and in rougher shape, and you need the backup."
"Just pick three," she told him, sliding her dungeon master's manual across the table for him to look at. The book clipped his plate, and he winced at the clatter. "We'll go over spells after."
Cas' hand stills on his hair, and Dean tenses up. "Is there a problem?"
"You smell… really good," Dean murmured. His eyes were fixed on a spot somewhere below Castiel's face—his throat, he imagined. "Can you do me a favour and—"
"I had lunch with her on Wednesday," Cas says casually, like that's a normal thing to do, and Dean really thinks he should be given some kind of award for paying attention to this conversation instead of the fact that Cas is
"Nightstand," Dean gets out breathlessly, leaning his weight on his elbows again, and stares forlornly down at his own dick. It throbs angrily, denied any attention, while Cas rifles through his drawer for the bottle of lube in there. It's probably shoved to the back with how little action it's been getting lately.
Sam Winchester. Castiel moved to speak, and found he needed to clear his throat before he could. "Come in."
"Jody Mills." She shoots Dean a look. "Care to explain?"
Castiel struggled—and tried not to show that he was struggling. "Hannah—"
"Oh." Sam cleared his throat. "How long will it take for you to heal up?"
"I thought this would be easier," Cas said apologetically.
Which is supposed to calm him down, take some of the pressure off, but it doesn't, because nobody's ever cared that much about him before. What's the point of having Dean Winchester around if you can't fuck him or call in a favour?
"Not really," Sam admitted, and then took it from him. The sound of him peeling it open filled the cab.
"I can do it if you don't—"
"I know."
"So?"
"Right," Cas mutters, like he forgot he was wearing them, and then leans away from the bed as his hands fall to his belt.
"I thought ghouls ate in their nests," Charlie says beside him. They circle the spot, roped off with caution tape. "You said they found her body in her house?"
Castiel knelt beside him, pausing only long enough to mend his own broken wrists, before cupping the back of Dean's head and pulling him carefully up from the floor. He could hold him now, as he was meant to be held; reverently.
"You just… eat funny, is all."
Dean's not quite that much of a piece of shit, though, so instead he says, "nothing I can't handle." His leg is actually hurting pretty bad, but he doesn't mention that. He couldn't sit down right now if his life depended on it.
Somewhere far away, he hears Mary laugh. She comes into view beside the bed—apparently she can teleport, too—and smiles down at him. "It's okay," she assures him, and then glances at Cas. "Maybe we should stay here for a couple days. I don't know if he can handle any more car rides."
The grin he gives Cas nearly splits his face. "Yeah, I would."
"How so?"
He procrastinates by calling Mary instead. At least he has a better idea of what he needs to say to her, and if it goes south again, then, well, he'll have something to distract him from the fight he's in with Cas. What a fulfilling life he leads.
Castiel studied him. It was difficult to judge Dean's mood by expression alone, and he was closed off from him, shielding himself carefully from deeper observation. He looked angry, and exhausted, and afraid. There was something else, as well, something he could not place, but it made Castiel ache.
Cas raises a brow. "How about the case in South Dakota?"
Dean studies the dark surface of his drink as he struggles to keep his eyes open. His jacket smells like graveyard dirt and smoke, and the rest of the table isn't exactly taking cues from the perfume department either. In fact, the other three people he's sharing a booth with are about as animated as fresh corpses; Eileen is staring out the window with her chin perched on her hand, seemingly debating the merits of falling asleep in a diner. Sam sits next to Dean, sipping his coffee and scrolling through the case checklist he has on his phone, though there's not much left to do besides call up the Sheriff and tell them the "graveyard issue" won't be a problem anymore. Dean had at one point known the man's name—Walt? it's probably Walt—especially since he was one of Jody's friends, but the guy's just a cop-shaped hole in his brain right now. Whatever; point is, they got the job done and escaped in one piece. It was the sort of case that's both a massive pain in the ass and incredibly simple. Get your hands dirty, smoke the ghost, retreat to an all-hours diner to celebrate your new layer of bruises.
Dean's face flushed. "Great." His hand slid across the blankets for Castiel's hand. "You have to go now, I guess."
Part of it is unavoidable—he's recovering from an injury on top of another injury, and his body is eager to remind him of that every chance it gets. Doing anything other than lying very still in his bed with the lights off is painful and difficult, so he spends most of his free time doing exactly that. If Sam happens to make a baby face at him whenever he crawls his way out of his room for a few minutes, then so be it.
"Is that so?" Tessa crossed her arms, moving so that she stood in front of him. "You're going to lecture me on what is and is not permitted, Castiel?"
"Cas," Dean tried again, and he finally looked at him. "You good?"
"Because we are not allowed to intervene."
The couch in Bobby's office, when not covered in a shitload of books, was an optimal place for a nap. Dean was working up to one now, hidden from the glare of the afternoon sun by his jacket tucked around his head. Bobby, sitting behind his desk with his nose in Sam's laptop, had seemingly forgotten Dean was there, a state of affairs he intended to keep in order. All he had to do was lay very still and not snore too loud.
He felt Dean's hand on his shoulder. "You good?"
"What are you saying?"
"Go on what?"
"I'll let you know when I'm interested in talking."
There's a patch of dried soap on the sleeve of Cas' t-shirt. Dean looks away. "Yeah."
"I won't intrude," Cas assured them. When he offered nothing else, Dean stood up and shrugged his jacket back on.
His movements are erratic now, losing his rhythm. Dean wraps his arms around Cas, keeping him as close as possible, and tries to meet the uneven stutter of his hips with a few weak rolls of his own. His back is going to be so fucked tomorrow.
"Not really, you?"
"No." Jonah shook his head. Any prior curiosity in him was gone; he was obstinate once more, unwilling to accept the truth. "No. The Michael Sword is commanding you to say this. It's telling you to lie—"
Charlie tails them, following them all the way back to the bunker in Cas' shitty Ford. It's late afternoon by the time they get back to Lebanon, and Cas has not thawed out one single inch. Whatever vestigial bits of angel mojo he has left in him, he's clearly using it to fuel his righteous anger. Dean just wishes he'd unleash it a little bit. At least when someone's yelling at him he knows what to do with himself.
"Tell me how."
He let Sam have the shower. Instead he went to the nearest guest bed and collapsed onto the mattress, only pausing long enough to kick off his boots. He was asleep before his head hit cotton.
Dean wasn't finished. "If you don't wanna do any of the work yourself that's fine, just tell me upfront so I don't have to jerk off behind a fucking truck again. Jesus," he muttered, shaking his head and looking away. There was a flush creeping up his throat, though not in arousal this time. Embarrassment, Cas thought, or maybe shame, and the ache inside him grew worse.
"Yeah, but the good parts are worth the bad stuff," she says confidently, and he remembers too late that Charlie hangs out with people who argue about bad television like it's a competitive sport. "Besides, I figured you'd enjoy it anyway."
She rolls her eyes, but mercifully, only reaches to uncap her beer. "Hey man, it's your love life."
"I mean you already know she's out of your league." Dean pinches the corners of his towel together, frowning at the already-ratty edges of the fabric. Why the hell are towels so expensive? And why the hell do they rip so goddamn easy? "Don't have to tell you twice."
"The protection wards?"
One by one, he gets to work. The locks are fairly simple to pick, though he'd appreciate it if they weren't so low to the ground. The stone steps are unforgiving on his knees.
"I'll ask Sam to come up with a chore duty roster," Dean says, voice squeaking at the end like he's some sort of fourteen year-old. "He loves making spreadsheets."
being called upon—he could hear the cries of his siblings, asking for guidance, for fresh orders, for deliverance from the burden of freedom. Castiel did not know what to tell them. A purging of his ranks would be required when he returned to the barracks, to reveal all those who had turned against him. He would have to destroy more of his own siblings, and threaten the men still loyal to him with brutal punishment should they even consider betraying him.
"Just…?"
"I do right now." He felt Cas nudge at his mouth with his own lips, already pressing for more but unwilling, even now, to move first.
Mary clears one of the tables and spreads a map across it. It's a map of Luray, with the nest marked in red. Sam showed her how to use Google maps on her phone, but Dean's never seen her use it, especially not for hunting. He smiles as she calls everyone around for a huddle.
"What about ripping your wings out of your spine? That a killable offence, too?"
"You haven't already?" Dean asked, glaring at Bobby, who threw his hands up defensively.
It was deep into the evening when Dean woke. He could hear voices downstairs; he could smell whatever greasy pizza Bobby must have ordered. With a groan he got his good arm under him and shoved himself ungracefully off of the bed. The mud and the blood that has dried on his coat littered the bedspread in rusty flecks, and he made a silent promise to clean it up later.
"I'll take you up on that dinner date, though," she continues with a smile. "Except—"
"It took us six weeks to find you," Dean eventually whispered, making him look up. His face was tight with anger. "Six weeks of sitting on our asses."
"Castiel." Jonah shifted his grip on him so that they faced each other. In Castiel's periphery, he listened to Tessa resume arguing with Dean. "Theo is up there killing your men. He's going to kill you, too." Jonah reached down and touched his side again, where he'd been stabbed. "I'm injured. I can't heal you and the Michael Sword both. We have to leave."
Cas gives him an exasperated look, and passes a hand over his face. "Dean…."
Afterwards, Cas goes to the kitchen to make them sandwiches—one of the few meals Cas is pretty good at making—and Dean retreats to his room under the guise of putting the socks away. He locks his door, which is ridiculous but it makes him feel less cagey, and jerks off with a fervour he hadn't felt since he was a teenager. It's embarrassing how quickly he finishes, actually, but Cas looked really, really good in that shirt.
His brother raised a brow. "Care to share with the class?"
"What is it?" Cas asks finally, after Dean stands in the doorway for a minute. He doesn't look up from his book.
A dozen of their past conversations played over in his mind. Ones where they'd both been sorry, where they'd both refused to accept any sort of forgiveness from one another. Telling Dean not to be upset with himself was about as effective as arguing with gravity. It used to infuriate Castiel—
"It's agonising!" Jonah gestured around the room. "It takes ages to simply catalogue the molecular content of this room. Human beings have only five senses, and none of them work correctly. I'm not even supposed to be
Instead, Dean puts his head in his good hand and shoulders his phone. "I'd like that," he says thickly. This is a normal conversation, he reminds himself, and everything is going to be fine.
Dean's also careful to watch his footing. The ground is weirdly uneven towards the northeastern corner of the lot, and he has to test the grass in front of him with a foot to make sure he's not stepping into a dirt pothole. He doesn't really blame the folks of Sioux Falls for letting their cemetery fall into disrepair. Weird shit keeps happening here. Better to leave it be.
Dean raps his knuckles on the table to get Cas' attention. "Claire's a stubborn asshole," he assures him, and grins at Cas' surprised expression. "Hey, takes one to know one. She'll mellow out with you, trust me. You know I used to fight with Bobby when I was a kid? Argued about all kinds of stupid shit. Told him to mind his own business, that he didn't get it, that he couldn't tell me what to do, the whole nine yards."
"You do that," Cas says with narrowed eyes, and it's the first time there's any real bite to his words. Dean flinches at the razor edge in his tone, and watches as Cas turns away from him, walking to the kitchen, and leaves him completely alone in the living room.
Cas looked up from the fresh rag Bobby had given him. His eyes were familiar; the same intense expression, the same confounding warmth that made Dean want to shield his face and turn away. But there was nothing else to it, no added weight, no flicker or spark. No indication he had any opinion—or even memory—of their last meeting in the scrapyard.
Cas grabbed his arm again. "I realise this is poor timing, Dean, I'm sorry, but I must leave," he said quietly, quickly, in the tone of a man with one foot out the door. He was already elsewhere, lingering only to offer parting condolences.
"So have I," Cas says quietly, and something inside Dean breaks.
"I can help you."
He digs the Marlboros out of his pocket, shaking the cardboard pack at her. "You want another one?"
that she doesn't care at all and everyone's making a big deal over nothing."
"I promise that isn't the case," he said quietly.
They keep digging.
He hears her sigh, and springs twang as she sits down on a couch or mattress. "
"Jonah." The room around him flickered. He thought it was the lights, then realised it was his eyes growing heavy. "I know you don't want to keep doing this."
"For a walk," she says caustically over her shoulder, hand on the doorknob. "Is that alright with you?"
Dean sank lower into his seat, squinting at the book and rubbing at his eyes. The sunglasses made the text hard to read, but it was way too bright in the library and his headache was already bad enough.
Castiel braced a hand on the bed to stop himself from touching Dean. He watched the anger, the grief scrawl across his face—he watched Dean struggle to push all of it down.
"I suppose."
The ghoul wearing the nurse's face steps further into the room. The silver flash of a needle in her hand catches the lantern light, and Dean's eyes widen.
"Well, I don't—I don't know," he admits meekly. "I don't know. It made sense… it made sense earlier."
The first inhale was harsh, panicked, the air scraping out of his throat and ending in a wet cough. Dean reached for his neck as he jerked in Castiel's arms, fingers trembling, touching the spot where Theo's blade had entered. There was no trace of it left on his skin—every atom had been gathered and set back into place.
"Sure, yeah, whatever," Dean mutters petulantly, and Cas heaves a sigh as he opens the door and shoulders roughly into the hallway. He doesn't close it behind him, presumably because he's expecting Dean to follow. The only act of rebellion available to him right now is to do the opposite of that, so Dean stands at the foot of his bed, alone in his room, dick still tenting his jeans, and feels all kinds of used up.
"Did you sleep well?" he asked.
"Be grateful for the dry spell," Bobby replied, unconcerned. Dean could hear him refilling his glass. "Been busy lately."
"Shut up," his brother muttered into the concrete floor, coughing. He jerked his wrists, making the chair creak. "Help me up."
Dean shouldered the stairwell door open. "Aye, aye."
"My dad used to put this awful smelling shit on his shoulder and elbow after he got home from hunts," he tells Cas, and then gestures for him to bring up his other hand. Cas switches them out, slotting his hand into Dean's almost eagerly. Dean forces himself to keep talking. "I don't know where he got it, but it wasn't from a pharmacy. It didn't have any label on it or anything, it was just this plain white squeeze bottle. I think he got it from a witch. I had to help him put it on sometimes if he was in a real bad way. I don't know if it ever actually helped him with his joints; the smell usually just made my eyes water."
He manages to stagger into the library just in time to see Cas set his phone down on the table, and coughs to announce his presence. Cas looks up immediately, and it hits Dean again all over how beautiful he is. Like, look at him! he wants to shout. I get to wake up next to this guy. He's flushed from the sun, and the front of his shirt is speckled with wood grain, wilted with sweat. There's even some flecks of it in his hair, dishevelled from the heat and sticking up near the back.
"Good guess, but no."
Castiel gestured to the window. It was night outside, and a street lamp threw flickering yellow light in through the dirty glass. "You can walk outside right now and begin helping people. Heal those who are sick. Provide for those who have nothing. Begin the process of reordering human societies to be less punitive and hateful. That doesn't require Heaven to be open to us."
Cas' warmth and the proximity are both very distracting, so it takes him a second to register the words he's saying. Dean frowns up at him. "You mean The Matrix? That's a great movie!"
He scoffs. "Cas and Eileen aren't other people, they're—they're our people."
"Absolutely not. What d'you got?"
The sun is setting by the time he gets back to the graveyards. He parks in a nearby cul-de-sac that backs onto the forest and walks the rest of the way, trying to look casual. He ditched his sling, replacing it instead with a backpack that carries a sheathed machete and a few bottles of water. Sammy would be proud of how prepared he is. The only thing missing is a packed lunch.
"You're very tight," Cas comments, a bit breathlessly, and Dean's never slept with someone who's so blunt and understated about it, but Cas makes it work somehow. He always does.
Cas' smile lights up the room. "I'm glad." His eyes flick away for a moment, to the television, before looking back at Dean. "Would you like to watch the rest of the movie?"
Dean pulls his head up and laughs. Leaning on an elbow, he's looking down at Cas, head heavy on a pillow, eyes hooded and mouth slightly curled upwards. He looks so incredibly pleased with himself, and Dean's the reason he has that smile on his face.
When he came to a stop, Cas halted in the middle of the lane, as if pulled by some tether, and stared out at the sea of rusted roofs. Dean studied his profile, which was just as severe as the rest of him. He could see each and every year on Cas' face, and he had a lot more to his name than most people.
"Well, you've done some stupid shit," he conceded with a tilt of his head. "That worked out, though."
"For a few hours, I am." He looked at Hannah, whose expression had soured further. "Is everything in order here?"
Dean shoves his hands in his pockets and stares at the asphalt. "Thanks for the talk," he says, pushing up from the car and going back inside.
He's placing his bets on numero dos. What did Sam call it? Occam's Razor? It definitely fits a lot of variables. Charlie's pissed at him, and he said a bunch of stupid shit to her
Dean flips the bacon, itching at the fading cut on his forehead. And, okay, her advice is still good. Talk to Cas about it, see what the deal is. It's clear at least that he isn't leaving for a while; his planters are still on the roof, and he seems pretty settled in the bunker. Which is good. Really good. Better than what Dean deserves, honestly, but he won't question it. He does, however, need to investigate this little problem of theirs, because he can't keep jacking off in the shower for the rest of his life.
Cas frowns, bracing a hand on the bed. "About what?"
"Cas…." He closed his eyes and leaned towards him, his head resuming its post on Castiel's shoulder. His arms wrapped around his back, sagging his weight against him.
Twenty minutes into Halloween II, he looks over at Charlie and finds her contorted on the other end of the couch. There's a fine brush poised in one hand; in the other, her foot. A pungent, clinical smell fills the room.
Cas straightened, eyes searching Dean's face. "You've expressed a need for personal space before—"
"Well, you're an impressive man," Mary says, taking a thoughtful drag of his cigarette. It's getting down to the nub now, enough that he can feel the heat on his fingers when he holds the filter.
from WikiHow. Below it, offers a list of the 7 best ways to get a guy to go out with you. There's even a website detailing how to ask your crush out over text.
That finally got Charlie to smile, and she grabbed his character sheet off the table. "He's pretty stoked about playing. I haven't DM'd in a while either, so I'm pumped. I think I'm gonna have to pick his cantrips and spells for him, though."
With a groan, Dean opens his eyes. It doesn't do him a whole lot of good; wherever he is, it's dark. There's lots to smell, though. He's someplace dank and earthy, probably underground. Less pleasant, the smell of rot and blood and decay hang heavily in the air, and when he draws in a proper breath, it ends in a gag.
"Charlie is going to drive my truck back to Lebanon," Cas continues as if Dean hadn't spoken. "I will drive us both back in the Impala. Is the case finished here?"
"I can, uh." Dean pulled a hand away to glance at the blood on it, then caught Castiel when he began to list sideways. "Whoa, easy. I can make one of those Enochian Angel-B-Gone things, blast you out of here."
Sam had ducked in behind him, and offered his arm to Dean—along with his pocket knife.
"What do you think I'm gonna say?"
Cas' only response is a skeptical twitch of his brow. He sits back in the chair, rolling the joint of his wrist in his other hand and frowning down at it. There's dust in his hair, too, probably from shoving it back from his face while working. It would be so easy to reach over and brush it away.
Charlie throws her hands up, and they make a dull thud when they land back on the bed. "Dude, come on. We're not gonna get this done by today. Just tell him that Jody was really upset and needed help, he'll understand."
"I put your beer in the fridge," she calls after them.
"Hey," he says gruffly, "you're doing a pretty good job keeping me alive. Sammy'll go to bat for how hard that is."
"She enjoys spending time with me," Cas says with a pleased quirk of his mouth, and then looks back at one of the assorted pots, reaching up and rubbing a finger over the stalk of some weird purple reed. "And I enjoy spending time with her."
"She's a very knowledgeable woman," Cas comments, pulling Dean from his thoughts. Right. Focus.
"What?"
She had given him a displeased frown, but no argument, and for that alone he owed her his favour.
scares me more than anything."
"What?"
Jody laughs quietly beside him, then tugs on his sleeve. "Come with me."
He rolls his neck. "Right. Cool. Well, um—I'm sorry, for starters. About before, I mean, at the motel. I was… I don't know. I was in a bad mood, and I was being an asshole." Dean forces a laugh. "Guess it wasn't really that long of a speech."
"We're gonna talk about this later," she tells him, which isn't the best response to an apology, but it's not the worst, either. "I haven't even thrown you to the wolves yet."
"Wait, seriously?" Charlie's head poked in between them from the backseat. "Did hunters used to do that?"
"I could ask you the same thing," he shot back, giving him a once over. He was still missing both his trench coat and jacket, leaving him in his wrinkled white shirt and dusty dress pants. There was dried blood spotting his collar and speckled on his sleeves, one of which had been carelessly shoved halfway up his forearm. The haggard look on Cas' face, plus the mussed hair, completed the look.
she hisses, smacking his hand away when he reaches for a bottle, "provided that you tell me what's going on."
"You know, if you clean as you go—"
"That's what you're going with?"
Jonah's mouth opened to respond, then snapped it shut with a click of teeth. "Answer me," he said instead.
"So Cas doesn't?"
"Just the bill."
"You're the one who started it!"
Dean shrugged, grabbing his water. "Hunting is scary."
"Yeah for you, maybe," she shoots back. "Easy as shit for me."
Dean raises a brow, doing his best to look offended. Charlie scoffs.
"I'll only be gone for a few days—"
their conversation goes well. Big if. Dean even showers and shaves, you know, just in case.
They don't stay in Michigan. Mom needs help with a vamp nest in Virginia, and it's big enough that Sam and Eileen come up to help, too. They make a good pair, and Sam is surprised by the hug Dean throws his way.
"You gotta do what you gotta do," Dean said goodnaturedly, but there was real sorrow in his voice. "I'm sorry, too, Cas. I was being an asshole."
Castiel had little frame of reference for this, but he was sure Dean was enjoying it. He would pull away to suck in breath, seemingly annoyed at his own lungs for betraying him, before quickly returning, face flushed and eyes hungry. His hands roamed, sliding up Castiel's arms, down his chest, around his waist. This, too, was unhurried, but Castiel didn't have to be instructed on how to touch Dean back.
"What the hell are you doing?" he asks, watching Cas lift himself out of the grave like it was nothing. His face heats. "Dude."
"You still put your pants on in the morning and do your job. I count that as a win." Dean rolled with a grunt onto his back, hands shuffling beneath the jacket so that it was spread out across his chest. The tail of his shirt had ridden up, exposing a strip of his abdomen, dusted lightly with hair. After a moment of shifting around, he pulled his arms out from under the jacket, hot again, and didn't bother to fix his shirt.
The question was more rhetorical than anything. Jonah had discovered that he did not like most of the answers Castiel gave him, so he began to ask as many as possible.
He didn't realise just how bad he had it until now. It's one thing to ogle your best friend for a decade before asking the guy out for coffee. It's another to actually sleep with him, to know what he sounds like when he comes, what he looks like naked, how agonisingly
Cas looks up, and he realises A) what the fuck he's about to say and B) he has no idea how to finish that sentence. Where the hell would they go, exactly? How do you impress a (former) angel with, well, anything? And on a first date, no less?
"But how did you
He needs to get out of this fucking bunker.
Sleep doesn't come to him. At some point, he flips onto his stomach and breathes in the clinical detergent smell of his pillow, distracting himself by moping about how his pillow in the bunker isn't nearly as lumpy. The blankets aren't any better; they're impersonal and too thin, and the mattress sags in the middle and twangs when he moves. It's the anthem of his life.
"Yeesh. You weren't kidding about how much had been eaten." He pulls the lip of the body bag back further with a gloved finger, peering inside with grim curiosity. Mariam Alice's midsection is almost completely gone, gnawed down to the spine and ribs, much of which is snapped open. Other fleshy parts, like her thighs and upper arms, were picked well over, too. The human teeth marks are easy to pick out amongst the gore. He hopes she died quickly.
"I had a cigar once," Dean says, smiling faintly. "I was fourteen. Gave the janitor at school ten bucks for one."
Charlie's eyes widened. "Dean's been turned before?"
Cas looked at his feet. "Yes," he said eventually.
He tugs on his hand to get Cas' attention, and Cas looks at him. His brain stalls for a moment, hit with an intense rush of warmth over the fact that he's having a normal conversation with Cas again, but he can't let this go. "Hello? Explain?"
"Both, either."
Dean hesitated, just in case. "What is it?"
"That sounds bad."
He can hear Cas' answering smile, and his heart stutters. "
Dean focuses on the kissing part instead of the noise in his head, clinging to Cas like a life raft. He'd almost forgotten how new Cas is to all this, but he recognises it now in the still-clumsy way he kisses him, soft and slow. Dean needs to make this special for him, to prove he made the right choice in sticking around. It gives him something to focus on, some tangible tether to reality. He can do that, he thinks. He can take care of Cas.
Dean isn't sure how Cas does it. Only he could make words like 'miscommunication' and 'resolve' sound that hot, and over the phone no less. There's no doubt in his mind what Cas thinks
It turns back to look at him. "What's it to you?"
"The spirit deserves to be at rest, Dean," he can already hear his brother saying. Blah blah blah.
The bed sinks as Cas sits on the edge, and despite the fact that Dean's done nothing but sleep for the last seventy-two hours, he feels his eyes grow heavy as the morphine kicks in.
"You wanna take a walk?" Dean offered, trying for a casual tone and falling just short.
"Dude—"
Cas smiles. "Yes. It might be easier to throw it over the railing."
"Six," he breathes, a shiver of amusement in his words, and then he plants a clumsy kiss on Dean's jaw. "I need to… Dean, I need to move."
Dean was still looking at him. Castiel gave him the space to do so, avoiding his gaze, knowing it would only make him look away and study the tile floor instead. He was used to Dean staring at him. Always from a safe distance, always with the assumption Castiel hadn't noticed.
"Thanks," he whispers, and the words don't leave the air between them. Cas kisses him one more time, agonisingly sweet, before he sits up on an elbow, smiling down at him.
"Then this metaphor will be more beleaguered than I intended, my apologies." Cas pauses to take another drink, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand before continuing. "It's not a demon in the way you understand demons to be. It's not a demon at all, in fact; it's a thought exercise in causal determinism. Should a being—the demon, in this case—ever become capable of knowing the precise location and trajectory of every atom in the universe, then the future would be wholly solvable from those data. It would eliminate the human conception of randomness, and render all proceeding physical phenomena calculable."
"Well, you must want something." Cas frowned at him, and Dean spread his hands in an exasperated gesture. "Dude, you could hang out at the top of Mount Everest if all you wanted was some time to yourself. But you're here, at Bobby's, so it's for a reason."
"Oh." Dean flattens himself against the table as a disgruntled woman passes them by. She gives them both weirdly hostile looks as she moves to the next row, and Dean narrows his eyes. It's not enough to start a fight over, but he gives her a bitchy look right back so she knows who's in charge here. He could take a fifty year-old soccer mom, even in a cast.
Dean raised a brow. "Is that good?"
The game plan is pretty simple. He's sure that Jody and Charlie did a decent job of clearing the crypts, but he needs to check their work to make sure they can actually rule out the mausoleums. Trust but verify, and all that. And if it turns out that the ghouls really aren't using the cemetery grounds for their nest, then, well, he'll burn that bridge when he gets to it.
"I'm—fine," he said flatly, brushing an idle hand down his chest. "I haven't had time to clean up from last night."
"Wait, really?" Relief floods him. He hopes it doesn't show on his face. "I figured you were just done putting up with me."
Dean digs himself deeper into the trench between Cas' ribs and the arm slung around his shoulders, weathering each exquisite brush of his fingers over his bicep with all the grace of a hungry newborn bird. Dean isn't sure who in the universe allowed this to happen, but whatever entity that's dedicated to fucking him over for all time must be on vacation or something. Hope you enjoy the beach, bitch.
He must have fallen asleep, because the sound of the door opening makes him remember that he's alive and has a job he's supposed to be doing. While he lies in bed and comes to terms with those two unfortunate facts, he hears Charlie quietly slip into the motel, speaking to someone.
Dean pursed his lips, considering. "Does alcohol work on you?"
"Do you need anything for pain?"
"Can you? Heal, I mean. You said it couldn't be fixed." Dean turned back to look at him. Their knees brushed together on the floor, and Castiel still had a hand resting on Dean's arm to steady him. He was greedy for the contact; excitement swept low in his stomach. Was this allowed now? Could he touch him, not just to shield and protect but to have and hold? It made him lightheaded with the possibility, and Castiel drank in his warmth, letting it course through him. His mouth still tingled from the kiss. He knew it would for a long time. He hoped it never stopped.
Sam was the first to react. "Cas?"
"I'm supposed to be looking after you!"
Dean was frozen in the doorway, eyes wide and restless in their sockets as they swept the circumference of the cell. When they eventually landed on Castiel, they were full of dread. "What did they do to you?"
"We can probably fit a couch through the garage entrance," Dean says, frowning. The last few hours have provided him with intimate knowledge of the exact measurements of doorways and coffee tables, and he figures the bunker's side door isn't all that different. "They must've gotten all that shit in there somehow."
"Relax," he reminded him, running his hand up the length of his erection. Cas was panting in his ear now, breathing erratic, hips moving unevenly. He was already slick with pre-come, and Dean laughed again. "Jesus, you're like a time bomb."
"Have you seen Cas? He was here last night. There's an angel here looking for him."
"Not in a scrapyard it doesn't," Dean agreed. He crossed his arms and bowed his head. "Look, man, I don't know what you want."
"So? What do you think?" Jody says across from him. Her eyes flick between him and the cadaver.
His tone is still clipped, and Cas doesn't say anything else, just stares at him. Off to a great start. Dean clears his throat and shoves his hands into his pockets. "Listen, um, I wanted to talk."
Sam watched him but said nothing, idly pushing around his home fries and bacon with a spatula as Dean poured himself coffee. He itched at the brand on his arm as he took a careful sip from his mug, grateful that it didn't taste like absolute shit. He was approaching somewhere between nauseated and hungry, and the bacon was starting to call his name from the other side of the counter.
They laze around for a while after that. He puts on Top Gun in the den and curls into Cas' side on the couch, huddled under a couple blankets, Dean nearing sleep with how cozy he is. Cas' chest is less comfortable than a pillow, but he wouldn't budge if his life depended on it. And Cas runs his hand idly through his hair the whole time, his fingers sometimes trailing down to the nape of his neck and the sweep of his shoulders. It's like Cas doesn't even realise he's doing it, just letting off some excess restless energy, but Dean is blissed out of his fucking gourd.
It's so rote by now that he doesn't have to think about it. Most times he doesn't. Anything else would be cringeworthy, and they amount to more or less the same thing in the end, don't they? Dean's being pretty obvious with how thick he's laying it on, anyway. Those words are said to people you care about, but they aren't words that belong in Dean's mouth. He knows they'd just come out wrong. It's been weeks since he had any sort of disagreement with Cas, and he isn't an idiot, despite the t-shirt soaking in the bathtub as evidence to the contrary. Keeping his mouth shut and making Cas meals like some housewife is what's responsible for that, and he wouldn't trade that kind of peace for anything.
"It resolves the urge to drink blood by triggering an immune response, yes."
Sam handed him a fork, smiling, and Dean accepted it with a begrudging thank you. He left without going anywhere near the fridge, shuffling out of the kitchen.
Dean stops short, boots scraping loudly on the rough fabric of the front hall carpet, and catches sight of Cas. He's standing in the living room, inspecting the blood all over the floor with an unreadable expression on his face. There's some splattered on Jody's couch, too, and a few spots on the walls that had been missed in the initial clean up. One of the lampshades has a massive crack in it, and the coffee table is piled up with random shit, including his. Dean can only imagine what kind of mess the room had been in before.
Dean was still staring at him. Castiel wanted to beg him to look away.
Castiel was working up to tell him he probably wouldn't get a reception down here when there was a thud at the door. Dean froze. He glanced at Castiel.
Dean is painfully aware of every second of silence on the line between them. "You working a case?"
He can hear her smile when she replies. "
and he's here, living in some old bunker with you. I think you guys will be fine."
Cas continues, and his tone does all kinds of funny things to Dean's stomach. "
"No extant places, no," Castiel admitted. "Or not to my knowledge. There have been places in the past."
Cas was dead weight in his arms, held up only because he was pressed against the truck behind them, hands fisted uselessly in Dean's jacket. Cas gasped when Dean retracted his hand, and he braced it on the bed of the truck beside them, bothered by the thought of dirtying Cas' coat with the mess on his fingers.
"Grabbing another beer," she tells him, rifling through her duffel. "I can tell this conversation is gonna need it."
"Come on!" Dean barked, jerking his shoulders and doing his best not to walk forward. "I'm not gonna—Jesus, you think I can't control myself for a damn car ride—"
She smiles. "I do."
"Go help Charlie with your wizard."
"Benjamin is below with Constantine, killing the stragglers," she replied, eyes darting over his shoulder to Dean and Sam. "They found you."
He laughs and wipes his face again—Christ, he really is crying—and shakes his head. "Sure."
The other problem has been his health, or lack thereof. Apparently getting clocked in the head really hard, not once but
"Uh—" His eyes dart towards the kitchen door. "I don't know. Probably."
"You're awake already," the ghoul says to him in his own voice. Is that really what he sounds like?
"I dunno," he hedges, and tries to think of the last time he saw a woman paint her nails in front of him. Maybe Lisa?
He slept fitfully. The wind rocked the car every so often, and snow pelted the windows. There was only so much rest a man could get with his knees tucked up to his chin and a headache for a pillow, even as exhausted as he was. When his phone buzzed in his pocket, he was almost relieved he didn't have to keep pretending he was asleep.
"What is the point of an empty Heavenly domain?"
Castiel closed his eyes and listened, trying to find a less agonising way to stand. His wrists were broken again, and they had been for a while. The burden of his wings skewed his centre of gravity perpetually backwards, leaning towards the ground. The fact that his vessel hadn't crumbled under the strain yet was both a testament to Jimmy Novak's faith and to Theo's ability to keep him alive.
Their arms bump, and he feels Cas tense up briefly, though he doesn't pull away. Dean's eyes flick around the lot, confirming that they're still alone. Even the street seems far away, passersby unaware of their presence. He props his knee up a little bit higher and lets an outstretched arm rest atop it, joining Cas in watching the rain catch on his skin. From shoulder to elbow they're touching, a solid band of contact that would, for other people, be enough.
Dean's hands fist at his side. "Fine," he says hoarsely. "Let me just grab my shit, and we can leave."
"Chop off their heads," she recites. "Yeah. Pretty simple."
"Otherwise you hole up in a bunker somewhere and spend the rest of your life hiding from the world," she tells him, eyes fierce. "Every day I wake up and decide not to do that. It's really hard to do, but I do it anyway."
"Yes, but we don't exactly have all the ingredients on hand." Sam looked back at Castiel. "Can you fix him or not?"
