His grin widens and I feel cold. I want to run. I want to check my phone. Hoping against all hope that finally,
He just figured that, if he was going to spend at least part of his day in close proximity of John Watson, he might as well try and look his best.
Sherlock had found himself shaking the outstretched hand without even realizing he was doing it. Even then John's grip had been firm and confident.
“Yes, I am an actual cop so I'm not going to rob the place. No, you're not in trouble. And I have seen you before although you might have forgotten me. My name is Greg Lestrade but you can call me Greg and I need to introduce you to someone.”
Once he gets back to the stables he changes his clothes and hangs his wet trousers and shirt out to dry in his small room.
“We can also spend what little night we have left standing here arguing about it”, he says, 'Whichever you prefer.”
Holmes righted himself a bit more in his saddle now, seemingly gaining a bit more confidence as he cleared his throat for a third time.
John held on tight and gently kissed him. Letting the words, repeated over and over like a prayer, flow into his own mouth as their lips moved together. And with them he swallowed away the pain, sorrow and worry that had been at their heels for so long now.
Sherlock doesn't reply. All he has known so far is the downside of caring. People you love you inevitably lose. It's the love....this caring lark......that makes the loss just that much harder.
“Hey”, she says, her voice surprisingly soft, “I won't tell anybody if that's what you're worried about. If you're not out yet I completely respect that.”
He also desperately wanted to see the meadow again. It had been so calm, serene, beautiful and not of this world. It fascinated and excited him to no end.
“You should concentrate on it”, Finn echoes his own words from before. The elf is having way too much fun with a topic this serious.
Even after.......after........even then.......especially then......when that self put upon veneer of mystery fell away and he saw....him......just him.....and all the beauty so carefully hidden underneath.
It's still summer but September is just around the corner and with it it will bring the end of many things. The days will grow shorter and cooler, the leaves on the trees will first change color only to wither, fall and die altogether, flowers will fade, birds will travel south.....September spells change. The end of many things. It also means the end of Sherlock's summer vacation.
And even-though I'm not eating or drinking anything – no food items allowed in the library -  I still choke. I turn bright-red and I try to hide it unsuccessfully by fumbling with my still silent phone.
His hands are in my hair and mine are on his shoulders, his back, I trace my fingers along the line of his ribs and he gasps into my mouth as I do so.
It's late. Well past midnight. They are in John's backyard. Mr. Watson had let them light a fire in the Watson's fire pit and the dancing flames are currently casting a spectacle of flickering lights over the planes of John's face.
Quickly he turned around and was greeted by the sight of Master Holmes standing beside a large apple tree leading his horse by the reins. He was once again wearing his riding gear, but with the weather being so warm for the time of year he had left his cape slung haphazardly over the saddle.
To his horror he found that the shirt and coat Master Holmes was wearing underneath were completely drenched in blood.
Suddenly John is snapped out of the happy little bubble he had found himself in from the moment Sherlock had pulled him close. All of a sudden he feels embarrassed again. All too aware of the vast difference between the two of them.
Today will be the last time you will ever see me. If there is something you wish to say to me still I suggest you do it now, because this will be the last chance you'll ever get.'
John sighs, their legs are touching again. This time John doesn't  move back. He gently squeezes Sherlock's hand again.
The bear growled and once again he thought he heard words, but, again, he could not make out what they were.
I'd ran just as I'd done yesterday when he cornered me in a supplies closet and held my hand and looked at me with those bottomless eyes that give me a strange sense of vertigo every time.
John playing rugby had been a sight to behold but he now finds that John who has just played rugby is an even better sight.
The midmorning sun filtering in through the opened windows should make the breakfast-scene warm and pleasant but the tone of Mrs. Holmes' voice seems to be able to freeze the air around her.
Up to this point he had seemed so sure of himself. Arrogant even at some moments. But by now John was well aware this was just the version of himself Sherlock wanted people to see. The version he used to keep people away. Not for the first time he wondered why Sherlock had changed schools. John had asked him a couple of times , but he had never gotten a straight answer.
And so he takes Sherlock's head gently between the palms of his hands and tenderly guides him where he wants him.
He didn't get much sleep last night. He's been worrying and over-thinking and some ugly part of him wants to make someone pay for his misery and John is the only person around.
In the alcohol sure, but also in the company. Watson's smile, the twinkle in his sea blue eyes, the way that suit framed his body just so, the cadence of his voice as he spoke, his........
And then he tries even harder not to think about his dreams of late where they seem to be in some kind of surreal alternate life where that sort of thing is allowed. Where the mornings are soft and slow and full of gentle touches and whispered words.
John almost runs into him in the dark but he is able to stop himself from toppling over just in time by grabbing on to Holmes' arm.
The only thing he brought with him was a dried red rose. As he stowed it away safely within the folds of his jacket he could almost smell the countless flowers that had been growing alongside it in spring and as he did so a small spark of hope blossomed in his chest.
So I end up standing on the corner of some random street a good 15 minutes early because buses are awful and they are always either way too early or way too late but they never arrive when you need them.
They are standing face to face now. Just like they had been that morning. But where that memory had been full of light and warmth at this moment there are dark shadows caging them in, a distant rumbling of thunder sweeps across the evening sky as lightning and heavy rain beat down on the building around them.
His face was slightly flushed, the sleeves of his shirt were rolled up, both at slightly different heights, and his well groomed hair was a bit messier than it had been a couple of hours earlier; with now not just one, but several curls sticking out at odd ends. John felt the whole look was slightly endearing. Especially since this was a side of Sherlock he rarely got to see. Sherlock usually seemed so in control. Putting up a cool exterior which, John assumed, was meant to keep people out.
The same bed where, just last night, John had had that strange and very intimate dream about his master.
John had felt his guard going up at this remark. Holmes had asked him to talk before and that conversation had ended with him being none the wiser.
He was waiting for the fairy-queen and her company to make their appearance at the clearing between the trees that lay along their route to the fairy-lands.
'I used to take Mary here when we first started dating', John said and cringed internally. The almost pained expression on Sherlock's face told him this was exactly the wrong thing to say.
When he wakes up in the morning there's a glass of water on his bedside table with two tablets of paracetamol.
They were sitting opposite each other now, Sherlock's fingers tracing the bond-bite on John's neck. The look he bore this time far away and indecipherable, even to John.
A lot of John's rugby friends have actually bought tickets to see the show and they are not the most quiet of audiences.
A silence falls between them then. It's a heavy and oppressive thing that makes the few feet between them seem like miles.
I don't say anything, I just stare down at the back of my phone where it lies silently on the table, so Andrew just keeps on talking:
'I.......', for a moment it seemed as if Sherlock was going to pull John closer to him. Envelop him in an embrace and melt their bodies together, but he seemed to change his mind at the last second.
The smile on Watson's face widens as he leans himself forward once more. His hands slowly making their way up Sherlock's body until they find a new resting place on the side of his neck.
But in the end Sherlock did find out which day in his life was the price Mycroft had had to pay for his vision.
“Well....we were”, is what he eventually ends up saying, “I'm not sure where I stand with Mary now but....she's a good girl, she just.....wanted different things out of our friendship than I did. She's been having a rough time so.....cut her a little slack...at least.”
The voice was warm, soothing and comforting. Like a balm to his soul and for a moment the heat subsided just a fraction as Sherlock's face appeared in his field of vision. A look of genuine concern and dread on his face.
I really hope I can keep updating regularly because sometimes I leave you all hanging for way too long.
The last time that he had met the lord of the house had already been so vastly different from the first time he'd seen him. He couldn't help but wonder what he would look like in the kind of expensive, well fitting attire the other gentlemen at the party were wearing. And as the memory of black unruly curls and eyes that seemed to be made out of magic filled his mind he turned his head slightly closer to Mary and, keeping his voice low, asked: 'Have you seen Mister Holmes yet?'
“.....and ever since, posies have been my favorite flowers”, Miss Huntington concludes her, no doubt riveting, tale.
Sitting on his own. Away from the crowd. Not knowing how to have fun. And, no matter how hard he'd try, he would never get the hang of this.
Mary could not have misunderstood anything Mrs. Hudson had said to her because she hadn't even seen Mrs. Hudson at all that day.
What they had and what it had meant and that Sherlock had just been very scared and confused and unable to see in himself what John had seen.
As he makes his way into the house John actually winks at him again. Sherlock just ducks his head and makes his way to the Watson bathroom as fast as he can.
“Wha.....what was that?”, John says. His head is fuzzy and his mouth and throat feel dry. He blinks his eyes against the darkness of the room trying to find the source of the sound that has pulled him from slumber. Soon enough his eyes find Holmes in a small halo of light from a dying candle looking just as flustered.
Sherlock hearts stops once again. He feels he might need a full day to recover once this conversation is over.
After a couple of minutes the bus goes around a tight corner and John's thigh slides against my own.
Whenever Sherlock would start to over-think John would always bring him right back to the here and now.
John can practically feel the air around them prickle and sting his skin as Holmes thinks over his request.
Watson sighs in his sleep as he does so and ever so slightly flexes the fingers of his right hand but that is all.
She knows Sherlock guesses a thing or two about her predictive powers when it comes to death but he doesn't know the details.
John smiled and turned his face up towards the light of the sun. The leaves above casting a pattern of wildly moving shadows on his face.
Sherlock wishes he could look back. Smile at him. Strike up a conversation. If these are the last hours he gets to spend in Watson's bright company he desperately wishes he could make them pleasant.
“This is not a joke, Finn”, Holmes says. His face is slightly flushed. John supposes it's because of the heat of the suddenly roaring flames that now warms them.
Mycroft seated on the grass, enjoying the sunshine, his jacket, boots and socks discarded and his sleeves rolled up past his elbows while he read one of his late father's journals that he had brought with him.
I could look at him and ask him but I can't seem to think of any way to do so that will not utterly and completely embarrass me.
Sherlock was seated on his horse on the hill that led down towards the path that would lead him to the doors of Holmes Manor once more.
There is a bar of chocolate in her hand and she holds it out to me as she simultaneously gives me one of her sadder smiles.
They are no longer the people who they were when they first met but there is still something between them that has been there from the start. It has just taken them both a while to realize what it was as it grew and evolved with them.
“There are people in this world who possess magical powers”, Finn says. His eyes are bright red and John wonders if he's making them appear so on purpose. Just to make a point.
He almost giggles again but he is able to stop himself in time. He doesn't want Sherlock to get the wrong idea. Doesn't want him to think he's laughing at him.
He can only just make out their shapes as they disappear at the end of the lane and then they are gone.
All too soon the familiar smile is back on his face. He throws his duffel somewhere in a corner and shrugs.
I cloak myself in anger because anger is hot and strong and without it I am afraid this sudden softness inside of me will seep out and I'll fall apart at his feet.
'Danger? How so?' the uneasy feeling subsided just a bit. Danger John could handle. He had been dealing with danger for the better part of his adult life. He just needed to know what kind.
'Well, you're up now at least. I've been shouting for so long I'm frankly surprised you're the only household member I've managed to wake', Holmes continued, only slightly less annoyed, 'go and get your horse and we'll leave immediately.'
He looks at the clock. It's 3:20pm but the sun outside already appears to be setting. Or...at least....that's what he gathers from what he can make out of it behind the miserable rain and dismal clouds. It doesn't matter. He'll have his own sun again soon enough.
Quickly he made his way to the door, shut it behind him and changed his pace from a fast walk to an actual run.
But then he seems to make up his  mind as he puts his phone away and comes walking back towards Sherlock again. A determined but inscrutable look on his face.
And then there's also the fact that he's pretty sure that at least three of the guys at John's table are on his short-list of potential suspects who tagged his locker.
“It's just the way he talks about you”, Bill says and laughs sheepishly again, “the guy's always talking about you. Christ....he talks about you more than most of the other guys around here talk about their girlfriends.”
John watches him longingly from his seat at the bar every Saturday, sipping his lukewarm piss-flavoured beer just to give himself something to do.
As Mr. Watson catches sight of them he stops in his tracks. He gives both of them a scrutinizing look before he just shakes his head and sighs.
But he hadn't been able to even catch so much as a glimpse of Holmes all morning. And then morning turned into afternoon and still.....no Holmes.
He lets out a pained laugh. It sounds cold and harsh in the blackness of his bedroom. It reminds him of a wounded animal.
“I think I will tell them soon though”, he says, “I want to tell them about you.....I want them to meet you......show you off a bit.......let them see how amazing you are.”
Holmes has managed to get both his boots on properly after all and at the moment he fidgets with the hem of his sleeve.
John heaved a sigh as he got ready for another day of menial work around the stables, the manor and the orchard.
The sound is warm and pleasant as it rumbles around beneath Sherlock's ear and makes itself a home within his head and heart.
An involuntary shudder ran through his body as he remembered the handshakes that always lasted just a little bit too long. The palm of the alpha's large hand just a little bit too cold and moist. He always had to repress the urge to wipe his hand on the nearest surface right after.
Both of them were silent for a while. The only sound the crackling of the fire in the corner. John found it strangely comforting.
Every mage that wants to join the Order needs to present him- or herself in front of them and is gifted one vision about his or her future.
It's not until the person sitting beside me slides just a little bit closer to me that I start to feel nervous and hazard a glance.
'But I just got here', she said, 'I've never been in here before. Very nice of you to leave a window open.'
Maybe John's phone really had just been broken in the previous week because this week he suddenly turns into an outright texting menace.
Seeming almost embarrassed the soldier told her about his dreams about the magpies. The same dreams she has had.
In his memory, without the sun, the moon is a lonely and barren wasteland. Not worth much of anything.
When he looks down at his notebook he realizes that all he's done this entire class is write down John's name... six times......
And the worst part is: I know exactly what that feels like. To run your fingers through those sun warmed strands.
Like a little light that shines from within constantly. Betraying, to Sherlock anyway, who they are.
There's an elderly couple sitting on another bench and two men dressed in sharp suits talking animatedly standing in a corner beside a strange plant I'm pretty sure is plastic.
It was only now starting to register with him that, as the soft morning light was starting to filter into the cave, that he was uncharacteristically alone.
Has, no doubt, seen I've been crying, am still crying....I rub at my eyes with the back of my hand, trying to push back the tears but they keep coming.
John had wanted to interject. Deny even the possibility of such a thing happening. But Sherlock had just raised his hand, silencing him effectively.
'Well, it's not really my business at all, I know', Mrs. Hudson continued, 'you young people always lead such unnecessarily complicated lives, but I do want all the members of the household to get along. So will you at least try and talk to her? For me?' Here she batted her eyes at him and gave him the best impression of a sweet, little old lady John had ever seen. It was quite impressive.
By now their curiosity has gotten the better of them and the joyous wrapping paper and bow lay crumpled up to the side.
But the look of utter shock and horror on Sherlock's face tells her that this was, indeed, all very real.
The upper half of his body is bare and in the dimly lit hotel-room John, from his position on the bed, can just make out the ridges of his spine.
“We should probably go back inside”, John says as he throws him a weak and nervous smile, “we don't want to be late for our final performance.”
She stands in the corner of the room behind the soldier's left shoulder and stares at him unblinking.
Sherlock wishes he could make out the expression on his face but the distance between them is still too great.
Sherlock just decides to grunt again. He's not ready for this talk yet. Not with Finn at least. If he is going to talk to anyone about their kiss it is going to be with Watson himself.
Burdened by a sadness so heavy that he will either have to keep moving constantly just to get away from the bulk of its weight or give in, stand still, and let it crush him.
John is probably already out, working in the orchard or....wherever.....and Sherlock himself is still wearing the clothes he wore yesterday, his hair unruly and unkempt....
He tries his very best not to show his excitement about the idea of spending time with Sherlock once they land. He's probably not succeeding because Sherlock squeezes his fingers gently.
They've been silent for a while now as the summer heat settles in their bones. It is a comfortable silence. They've been shouting and giggling all morning. Their voices need a bit of a rest just as much as their bodies do.
The medallion has never done anything extraordinary while Sherlock himself held it. Only kept him safe from ambushes from lesser creatures beyond the Veil....but Watson.....he has been the exception to every single one of Sherlock's rules so far.
John raises his eyebrows as a playful smile forms around his lips. After his morning wash he hadn't bothered to put his shirt back on. The day is shaping up to be rather warm and agreeable after all. At the moment he can practically feel Holmes' eyes as they travel across the line of his chest and abdomen.
The voice was deep, booming and soft at the same time, like a thunderstorm that hasn't quite started yet, but you can hear coming in the distance.
At first he thinks it's a star. Fallen from the heavens. Shining in the dark. Desperate to get back to its brothers and sisters in the sky. But when he bends down and picks it up he sees what it is. A silver bracelet.
“Where have you been?”, Mycroft asks in that haughty tone Sherlock absolutely abhors. He's pretty sure Mycroft is doing  it on purpose.
“Sherlock and I are going to run our lines together after class tomorrow. You're coming too, right?”
Sherlock bites his lip. Mycroft knows this is what his younger brother does when he is desperately trying not to cry.
'I have come here to talk to you,' Master Holmes' voice, commanding once again, broke Johns train of thought.
As if somehow being an omega was something he had done to himself and he could easily change if he would only just try hard enough.
Sherlock nodded. And although John could not see the gesture, pressed against his chest as he was, he could feel the movement of Sherlock's cheek against the side of his forehead.
This particular story might be my least viewed one but it is the one that has received the most love from its readers in the form of lovely and heartwarming comments.
He briefly contemplated it being the horse's blood instead, but the horse seemed to be perfectly fine. It had stopped breathing quite so heavily and was starting to make an attempt at eating some of the straw that was scattered on the barn floor. A task made slightly more difficult by the bridle still in its mouth.
“Honestly...you theater kids”, he says but there's no malice in his tone of voice, “tomorrow's the biggest game of the season. If we win that one we're going on to compete in the National championship next season. With John being the rugby captain, the coach just wants to run by him what the best strategy for tomorrow will be.....John's good at strategizing.....surely he's told you about this?”
John was about to answer him again when he saw it. In the mist around the bricks. Had he really seen anything? He squinted his eyes. He could have sworn he saw something....moving....
Just this morning my fingers had been cold and freezing and he had stood a couple of feet away from me not even wanting to look at me.
Because every book also has an ending and for the next one to begin the former one, inevitably, has to end at some point. Sherlock finds he's not ready for the ending just yet.
Sherlock can't help but laugh. His headache seems to be subsiding just a little bit. Just a faint thrumming at the back of his skull is left.
It's making Sherlock nervous too and he has a growing urge to reach out and stop John's hand from moving.
The way he throws his head back and shakes his head. The dimple in his cheek most visible when John is truly at ease and happy.
A mixture of emotions took a hold of him then. Anger being the most predominant one, but there were others too. Much less well defined. Hiding just a little bit deeper, never surfacing long enough for John to get a hold of what they were exactly. And as he stood there, hand still on the door, the swirling emotions turned more and more volatile. Ready to explode.
'I wouldn't get my hopes up.' A moment of silence. 'Maybe you'll be able to get some extra credit if you add some of your fine artwork.'
'I am looking for your master',  the man said. His tone carefree and casual. Hands still clasped behind his back.
The second thing holding him back was the fact that, very much like the last time as well, he also might be slightly drunk again.
When he crawls back under the covers every part of his skin is ice-cold as he wraps himself tightly around John.
He represses the urge to pull his hands through his hair and mess it all up again....but just barely.
'You play the violin?' he found himself saying. Eyebrows raised and an incredulous smile on his face. A small bit of information Sherlock had decided to share with him after he himself had confessed to playing the clarinet for all but three weeks in a misguided attempt to try and woo a girl in the school band. Turned out she was not interested in the least and John had no talent to play the clarinet at all. The term “the sound a tone-deaf drowning cat would make while it's being simultaneously strangled” had been used to describe his skills.
He reminds me of a cornered and frightened animal. One that might either run away or lash out at you if you make the wrong move.
“Molly!”, I try to sound affronted but I'm also secretly a little bit proud that she actually wants to know these things about me and that I can actually reply in the positive to her intimate questions.
Was this all connected to Holmes? To magic? To his strange nightmares? The magpie he kept seeing more and more frequently? The woman in his latest dream?
At this specific point in time Mycroft had been convinced that his father was not dead but merely lost and hidden within his journals would be some secret clue to his whereabouts that only Mycroft would be able to decipher.
So maybe Andrew has spread the rumor in an attempt to do good, to speed things along between John and I, not knowing it would backfire horribly.
Sherlock let's the sentence peter out. He's already said too much. He hopes Finn will let the matter slide but of course......
Holmes nods but doesn't speak. He seems to be lost in thought. His hands steepled beneath his chin as he stares ahead seemingly unseeing.
Not wanting to break the spell John just kept quiet and waited for Sherlock to continue talking and eventually he did:
John chuckled as well. His shoulder and arm comfortable pressed up against Sherlock's side. He didn't need the sun to keep him warm.
Only now that they were standing and whatever had just passed between them seemed to be well and truly gone did John realize how late it had actually gotten.
“I'm sorry”, he says again. He actually sounds like he means it, “I didn't want to.....god.....Sherlock......If I could be with you.....I would.......when I look at you.....how you make me feel......you're just so.......and I'm.......I'm sorry.”
She had screamed and cried some more. She had shouted insults at him, hit him, punched him, one of her rings had left a nasty gash just underneath his left eye.
“It's the eyes”, John continues. There is still this warm, affectionate smile on his face and it makes it hard for Sherlock to speak. So instead he just shrugs.
All of a sudden he feels tired and as the fire slowly goes down in the hearth his eyes seem to close of their own volition.
There is a moment of silence between them then where Sherlock is sure Finn is about to say something more but decides against it just as the words are about to leave his mouth.
So far he has avoided thinking about this outcome entirely. He just cannot go back to Sherlock....he can't.
Holmes was quiet for a moment, his gaze still firmly fixed on John as John stared of into the distance, avoiding Holmes' eyes, a mirror image of their situation earlier that morning.
And so the rest of their time together John just ended up watching Sherlock drink his while they talked as the last of his own coffee slowly went cold in the bottom of his cup.
It's not until I sit down in the last bus home, that I only barely catch, that I realize there's come on my hand.
'So....what?' John said as his eyes flicked across the area around him trying to figure out what items could be used as a serviceable weapon in a fight.
How his lashes flutter and his pupils dilate, leaving only a sliver of iridescent blue iris around their edges.
Now he understands why he had believed Holmes' tales about magic, the Veil and the Order all so willingly.
But today he's made an exception. The sooner he finds out who “Person X” is, the sooner he can help John stay this lovely, bright and radiant forever.......or.......for as long as possible at least.
Had he wanted to keep their relationship a secret? John would ask Sherlock another time. When his friend felt relaxed, open and happy once more. Maybe they'd go out for coffee again.
Why does he always need to sit so close to me and why on earth does he think it's alright to look at my phone!
Desperately he pulled himself closer to Sherlock still. His hands grabbing everywhere he could, his clothing, his shoulders, until eventually they found their way into his hair. He wound the soft curls around his fingers and just pulled.
It's never felt like this before. This heady and heavy. Swarming his skin like fire-ants, swimming up his veins and clouding his thoughts. He can actually see small sparks of light dancing around the room now in the dying light of the sun. They float towards the window to.....he doesn't know where.
“I'm sorry?”, he says, but the half-smile that is already forming around his lips betrays the fact that he knows exactly where she is going with this.
“Well....”, John says as he wipes the sweat of his brow with the back of his hand. They've both left their coats behind with their horses. With no clouds or trees nearby to grant them shade they had both found themselves sweating and far too hot for formal riding gear rather quickly.
John remains standing just inside the door, thoroughly confused and very ill at ease. He is very much regretting his decision to come here.
Of course she was here. It was only natural. Mary was a cheerleader. This is her scene. He watched her as she moved along the throngs of people. Dancing. Hugging someone every once in a while. Smiling....
“Sometimes”,  he starts, but then immediately stops himself. He thinks for a minute and then continues his train of thought anyway. No one to hear him anyway, right?
But when he goes outside to see if someone is there all he sees is relentless rain and an oppressive sky that is nowhere near from finished.
His step-mother's lips are pursed together tightly as she gives him a condescending look over the rim of her tea-cup. At the moment she is the sole occupant of the breakfast table. Her two daughters seem to already have gone, judging by the used plates and tea cups on each side of her. Smart move.
What he means is: this, them, being close, understanding each other without speaking, knowing that there is a deep connection between them that has been growing for years and defies any explanation, hearing John's voice rumble through his muscular chest beneath his ear before the actual sound of it reaches him, John's adoring eyes looking solely at him because for them there is nothing else in the world that matters, the knowing, oh the knowing, that John is his and close by and.....and......
Without waiting for a reply Holmes just turned around and left. Leaving John with more questions than answers. That had not sorted the matter in the slightest. Had Holmes only come here to ask for Johns silence on the matter then? Had he honestly thought John would be the kind of person that would go around spreading more rumors about his employer? Had this conversation even been about the events of last night at all?
He had been standing in the field he had visited so early in the morning. But instead of finding nothing of interest there amidst the sound of the early morning birds he had heard a faint buzzing sound. In his dream he had followed the sound to its origin and as the buzzing grew ever louder and louder it had led him to a swarm of flies . And as John got even closer still, his feet seemingly moving all on their own, he found what the horrid insects were so attracted to.
John had thought long and hard about asking Sherlock to come with him to this party. He knew how Sherlock felt about parties and about the people who went to them. But after finding out he was quite probably Sherlock's only friend his heart had broken just a little bit and he had vowed to himself to try and make his other friends see how amazing Sherlock actually was once you got to know him.
With Holmes this close after not having seen him all day his mind is all over the place and he has trouble standing still.
John did not even see Holmes leave in the morning. By the time he got up both the black  horse and its master were already gone.
She actually giggles when she hands it over to John so he can put his number in there. John gives her a sheepish grin while he does so and just for a moment Sherlock actually feels something close to jealousy, wishing that grin was aimed at him and not simpering Molly.
Andrew sits beside me for the remainder of the class. I try to pay attention to the teacher and the subject material but somehow his presence makes concentrating impossibly hard.
This cat came into my life almost 9 years ago when he was just a kitten and he ended up living with me purely by chance. He's been an extraordinary cat in pretty much every way.
I haven't changed my nail-polish since our date on Saturday and the blue is already slightly chipped at the edges and I take it as a sign.
And I pretend I understand why it has to be this way but I'm starting to realize more and more that maybe I really don't understand.
Now it appears that rain and water is what makes the vision most real. She hadn't tried that yet. Or maybe it's just a coincidence.
Initially Sherlock had not been very keen on joining them. He wasn't really looking forward to doing any sort of manual labor no matter how good the company but when he came to realize that refusing to come along would mean he would not get to spend any time at all with John today he had, reluctantly, agreed to help out after all.
For a moment it seems as if Mary is not going to say anything else. As if she is going to leave it like this.
It seemed like only yesterday when he had first stepped onto Sherlock's meadow. The sun bright overhead. Warming him inside and out.
Suddenly there was a hand on his shoulder pulling him backwards most violently and tugging him up to his feet. His father's angry face inches away from his own.
When he crawled back in bed that night his shoulder hurt, his leg was cramping and he could hardly hold his eyes open.
He was starting to lose focus as a constant, unbearable craving was slowly starting to take over his body.
'Come now, John', she said, both her hands were gripping the sleeve of his jacket tightly, 'don't be a spoilsport! I have to talk to someone about it or I'll positively die.' the corners of her mouth drooped down in a mock pout as she batted her eyes at him, 'please, John.' she drawled.
John still doesn't know what to say. Somehow he feels it is not expected of him to talk right now. And so he doesn't. He just waits with bated breath.
If I give a reply at all it's some kind of unintelligible mumble because he seems to have stolen all of my words.
“We have seen you”, the disembodied voice says. Sherlock still cannot point out where the words are coming from. None of the figures has moved their lips and....somehow....it feels as if they all have.
“Fuck me”, he says. The words are no more than a whispered breath between them but they are enough to do things to John.
His step-mother takes a small sip of her tea, her eyes never leaving Sherlock as he starts buttering a piece of toast. Not because he is particularly hungry but, while he's eating, at least he will have an excuse not to have to talk to her.
John said nothing. Countless possibilities swam through his head of what this “bad news” could be and he wasn't sure he could bear hearing any of them.
John is only barely able to suppress the urge to run his fingers through it and mess it all up again.
Sherlock dips his head down  in order to talk directly into John's ear so he won't have to raise his voice quite so much as the music grows louder still.
Sometimes someone talks to him but he just gives them a short nod or one-word answer. His mind seems to be occupied elsewhere.
Sherlock takes a look at the window again. The sun is still sinking, the lights are still gone and his head feels clearer by the second.
My breath leaves my heavy chest on whispered wings and disappears into the inky night that cloaks the bedroom around me.
The stable-boy has brought their dinner to their room. John thanks him and gives him a tight smile. Holmes just ignores the boy.
“The magical humans and....others.....of this world have a sworn duty to hold the dark creatures at bay. To find where openings in the veil have appeared and close them again. This is what I do......what Holmes' father, being a born Mage, did, what Holmes' brother did....and what he's supposed to be doing.”
For a moment he muses that, maybe, today is such an extremely hot and sunny day because John has chosen to come outside and the celestial sun is doing its very best to greet its earthbound counterpart.
“You can read the card now”, John says and for a moment Sherlock is confused but then he remembers the card attached to the flower still clutched in his hand.
At first Sherlock had been resolved to just ignore them until the day they would, inevitably move away as well, just to be contrary.
Okay, it didn't feel right putting this chapter up without any warnings on it, but I also didn't want to go into spoiler territory so here are the content warnings for those who need them:
“What.....no......of course not....I mean....”, he stops talking before actually telling me what he means.
“I've wanted to do that all day”, John says. The sound of his voice just a hoarse whisper between them. But before Sherlock can reply John's lips are back on his again.
I shrug as I definitely avoid looking at her. I look at my hands on the table where they are still tightly clasped around my phone.
As he peered inside the glass dome of the globe he saw a figurine of plastic snow capped mountains, a small cottage and even a tiny ski-lift that went up.
A couple of minutes passed in silence as Sherlock flipped the pages of his book with just a little bit too much intensity.
told me that. Right before he left us alone. Right before he moved away leaving my mother and I behind in a house full of grief and ghosts that follow us around no matter how many times we move.
'The queen will not take defeat lightly though', he continued. His voice growing more serious again, 'once you have hold of me you cannot let me go until she is completely out of sight. She will try and use every magic spell she knows to get you to release your hold so she can get me back, but as long as you hold me tight I will not harm you and neither can she..... remember this John.'
At first it seems as if Sherlock still isn't going to talk but then the boy lets out one small sob, hangs his head low and says:
How he wanted to apologize...explain himself.....but now that he is actually here, a witness to John Watson's outer and inner strength, he finds all the words stolen from him.
“Boys.....”, she mutters under her breath, “you need to tell me more, Sherlock. You know I live vicariously through you now that Greg is still ignoring me. Did he kiss you again?”
“I thought about asking you to come”, John says, “but then I thought about you and parties....and it's going to be real busy today”, he glances at the still growing crowd behind Sherlock, “and I didn't want you to feel like you
John goes to his own house after school. I tell him I'm worried about what will happen to him when he does but he just waves my words away.
John gently squeezes their joined hands and a small smile flits across Holmes' soft lips for just a second before it is gone.
“Ehm....”, he starts again, Mrs. Hudson crosses her arms and John swallows, “I was told you needed me for some urgent business?”
You do your best to hold on to them but for all your good intentions you can never do enough and they slip through your fingers like rain.
Now Sherlock had the memory hidden deep within. In a room without doors or windows and he never went there anymore.
Her voice is soft and low and it does manage to calm me down a bit. I create some space between us but my hands still cling to her clothing as if I was still 10 years younger and we are  two different people still.
It might be the remains of his last hit of cocaine making him see things that aren't there, it might be John, it might be....
Oh boy, this story is not getting any views at all but, I'm sorry, I'm hooked on this idea. So expect more chapters. Terribly sorry.
Once again Holmes gave an exaggerated sigh as he replied: 'you could make it a bit warmer. It's freezing. Cold weather doesn't suit me.'
'I didn't mean we'd hang out with them. I meant just us', as John said this Sherlock finally lifted his eyes from the paper and raised his eyebrows inquisitively.
John gets more than a little pleasure out of annoying him and as an added bonus it seems to amuse Sherlock too.
“Sherlock”, he says. Not a question. Just a statement. Because of course it's him. Of course it is. Because...why not......Of-bloody-fucking-course.
'I thought it was my party too', Sherlock replied as he took a small sip from his own mug. It had a coffee bean dressed as a bee on it with 'The Busy Bean' written underneath in fancy lettering.
I make a mental note to paint them the darkest of black again when I get back home this afternoon. Out of spite. Spite against who or what.....I don't know.......but that's the kind of mood I'm in right now.
Mycroft remains quiet for a moment and when he hazards a glance to the side from underneath his fringe he sees that his older brother is looking at some empty corner of the hall with a soft smile on his face but it's gone before Sherlock can think any more of it.
A little bit too late he realized he was staring. Luckily Sherlock had not bothered to look up from his book even once.
John also has the strangest feeling that he's seen this man before but he just can't quite put his finger on where that would have been.
'Your son is brave and kind and I owe my life to him. I will never be able to repay such a debt, but I will spend a lifetime trying', the words were spoken to John once more as Sherlock still held his gaze, 'he has won me from the fairy-queen and from this day forward I shall be his to command. My life and heart belong to him and him alone and I offer them up freely because I know he will treat them with kindness and love.'
“Oh no”, Sebastian answers, “I'm doing this out of the goodness of my heart. Just come to the tool shed at the back of the school tomorrow at 7pm. I'll give you  the answers there.”
I can see his pupils carefully shift to the corners of his eyes as his fingers stop typing away on the keyboard.
Well....of course it's not the same....neither of them are the same people they were a year ago but.....he just wants to know if John still feels for him what he feels for John.
“Merely a servant”, as he speaks images of voices crying out for the last time before they flicker out and die flit through her vision. The soldier rubs his shoulder. It appears to be hurting him for some reason.
He tries focusing on Finn again but there are clouds in his mind still and his thoughts are getting lost in them.
Not for the first time John wonders how much he's actually been sleeping in these last couple of weeks.
Because, as soon as the sun goes down and the rest of the household retreats to their own private bed-chambers, Sherlock makes his way to Watson's.
As always: thank you so much to all my readers. You are all equally amazing and all of your sweet comments to my return to ao3 have truly warmed my heart.
Around John he forgets what he wants to say.....on occasions he forgets how language works entirely.
But this......if he's being honest to himself he's been wanting to hold Holmes close and whisper gentle words in his ear for a very,
John coughs again and shakes his head. Molly immediately stops talking. Her eyes go slightly big and she looks caught out.
They had been sitting in John's car, John and her. She had smiled and giggled at everything John had said. Her ample chest and wide hips accentuated by the tight and short summer dress wrapped around her body.
Although...that might just be John's imagination.....or a side-effect from all the excitement that is coursing through his veins right now. The whole world seems bigger because of it.
To Sherlock he looks like utter perfection and he knows he's falling deeper and deeper in love with John again.
All roads had led to nowhere from that point on and he had come to the sad realization that Sherlock, perhaps, did not want to be found.
Once again Holmes had used his given name. That in combination with the use of the term “we” made something warm and comfortable flutter through Johns chest.
Most people are fine with it but I still get bullied from time to time. Especially when John is not around.
He wishes they could stay in this room....in this bed for the rest of the day.....the rest of the year preferably......the rest of their lives.
All she could see was the soldier's Death. The woman in the pale robe. Lurking in the corner. Watching him. Unblinking. A smile on her face somewhere between amusement and boredom.
Sherlock is there and the soldier is standing by his side. Molly quickly scans the area behind them but the soldier's personal Death is nowhere to be seen at the moment.
“I will not let you sleep in that uncomfortable chair after all you've done for me”, he finds himself saying. “You've saved my life.”
Molly looks up at him and blinks a couple of times as if she is trying to wake herself up from a dream she thinks she's having but she doesn't say anything.
There is a pull between them that cannot be ignored. It is like a force of nature. Like a storm or maybe the calm before it.
With the music blaring over the speakers most of the people who had decided to stay had gathered on and around the rugby field. The bleachers were now mostly empty.
Eventually Finn does speak. His tone so serious that, even though the sky is still blue and cloudless, to Sherlock it feels as if the world is grey and overcast.
I don't know what to do with that. I don't know how to interpret it. All it's done is make me even more angry and so I just glower at the dark screen of my phone while our teacher, Mr. Scott, just drones on about the Kreb's cycle.
Molly makes me promise to have lunch together with her again tomorrow. I think I agree but my mind has gone foggy and there's a faint ringing in my ears.
Sherlock is positive that in that moment his heart has stopped beating. It must have. He has surely died and gone to heaven.
He's wearing his rugby uniform. Unlike football uniforms rugby uniforms have tight shirts and very short shorts. Sherlock feels lightheaded and is having trouble breathing as John comes closer and closer to where he's standing. He grips the fence in front of him tightly and feels ridiculous as he stands there in his jeans and plain black t-shirt.
Sherlock decides to go for the 'show don't tell' approach and instead of answering her question he asks her:
And it's making it impossible for him to go to sleep and all he seems to be able to do is think of John.
If they want to have a chance at becoming something together they both have to learn how to be whole and complete beings by themselves.
The silence between us is awkward and unfamiliar and just as I start considering just forgetting about the bus and walking home he finally starts talking again:
The moon was still hidden behind a blanket of clouds. The room would have been too dark to see anything had it not been for the fact that John was still emitting a steady glow.
“Yeah”, he says, “I am still a bit mad at you...”, Holmes opens his mouth, ready to interject, but John raises his hand and carries on talking before he is able to get a word in, “but”, he says, “I think I understand why you chose to do what you did.”
The night sky was dark as only a few stars could be seen and the moon kept hiding behind the clouds.
There is still a hint of a smile on Holmes' lips. John fixes his eyes on the cards in his hands instead.
And in that moment he makes a decision that might or might not end up being a very bad one but in that moment he feels that it is the right one.
Sherlock can't stop looking at him. He wants to commit this particular image to memory. He wants to remember every little detail so vividly that, whenever he closes his eyes when he is miles away again, he will see everything exactly as it is now.
“Oh...gosh....I really don't know”, John replies, trying to sound as innocent as he possibly can and failing utterly.
“Are you being careful?”, Greg finally says. He's definitely been spending far too much time with Mycroft.
Sherlock's hand was back on his neck, gently tipping John's chin up as he pressed a chaste kiss to his lips.
But it was something that needed to be done he told himself. He had done this before with fellow soldiers when he still served as a doctor in the army. Why was this any different?
He wanted to call Sherlock, he could surely use his help right now, but there was a grand total of three things holding him back.
There his suspicions will either be confirmed or denied. If the latter is the case he will breathe a sigh of relief but if John is who he thinks he is.....
Sherlock finds his hands are clammy and his outfit far too warm and restricting for the time of year. But it's the best outfit he owns. And he had wanted to make a good impression on Watson. The material of the jacket and shirt are expensive and the form of the trousers complements his......it's just a complementing form.
The way the light of the candles around them is reflecting off his neatly slicked back hair, the blue of his eyes, how the colour of his suit complements it perfectly, how that same suit clings to his body in all the right ways and accentuates his muscles to mouth watering perfection.
So instead of a hero we have a strong heroine and I felt a bit guilty replacing her with another male character in my version. But given that this plays in an ABO setting John is still the “weaker” sex who, in the end, saves the entire day.
Sometimes they would talk, other times they'd just sit and enjoy each others company in silence. It all depended on the day really.
John hesitates as he sees that the area in front of the house and in between the cars is roped off with police tape.
His lips have reformed into a tight line and in the depths of his eyes is something that looks an awful lot like regret.
That he just wants to make sure Sherlock will be alright so they can say goodbye with his conscience intact.
The sun still shines on the world, John Watson is still in it and pretty soon he will be able to  see him again.
Its mouth was opened, a large tongue lolled around inside as saliva dripped from its teeth onto his face. All the while the creature growled ferociously as its jaws snapped shut only inches from his cheeks.
Once again: many thanks to anyone who reads along. If you want to: give the songs that have inspired these chapters a listen. They all are very lovely and set the mood for each chapter.
His mind is all over the place but with every moment he's awake it seems to get a little bit clearer.
He shifts in his seat nervously. His bag is on the floor in between his legs and he twists one of the straps around his right foot just to give himself something to do.
“I have fond memories of our last evening together”, Sherlock says. This seems to get Watson's attention as he shortly glances at him before looking away again.
The sight of a Pagosteras greets him. The creature is enormous. It's been a while since he's seen one this big. Its body completely made out of ice as it slowly makes its way towards him. He feels his eyebrows freeze and the cold stings his eyes and lungs as it creeps its way into his body with every step the creature takes.
She had barely eaten anything during breakfast but her aunt, still hungover from the ball, luckily hadn't noticed.
He can tell himself time and time again that John does not love him and never will but it does nothing for the fluttery feeling in his chest every time he looks down at John's name in his phone's contact-list and he thinks of sea-blue eyes and messy hair.
'I know a man who lives a small bit to the north', the shark said, smirk widening, 'he knows how to get rid of unwanted pregnancies.
Once again an uneasy feeling stirred in the pit of his stomach as the medallion felt heavy around his neck.
Holmes steps closer to him then and  before John can even think about it he finds himself moving forward too.
Holmes leans in close to ask him this question. Just for a moment John can smell his cologne and one of his dark curls brushes against the skin of his cheek.
A strong muscly arm had been slung around his waist and his own arm was suddenly draped around a pair of strong shoulders.
You can hope for a different outcome time and time again but the words are already there on the page. They will not alter themselves every time you close the book just because you wish it were so.
Around the tips of his fingers tiny stars appear that gradually grow larger and larger as they rise towards the ceiling where they finally collapse in on themselves and float down again as snowflakes.
Greg lingers for a bit and then kisses Molly on the cheek before he quickly walks off and joins the others.
But when he finally pulled his blankets over himself as his head rested on his pillow and his eyelids drooped shut he was not granted the relief of dreamless sleep and he once again found himself inside of a nightmare.
“What are you doing here?”, all Sherlock manages to say. The warm summer night seems to pull the words from his lips and swallows them with a mouth made out of moist, lingering heat and darkness but, somehow, John hears them anyway.
The hand on his back a gentle pressure guiding him where he would ever so gladly follow. The hand holding his own strong and yet soft and.....kind.......for lack of a better word.
or selfishly enjoy these moments that he still has with John ignoring the blaring warning signs that tell him of the catastrophic end that will, no doubt, come.
They're the kind of hobbies that, once people find out you have them, they tease you about. Incessantly.
His hands are on John's belt and jeans. Frantically trying to get them open, down, undress them both at the same time.
No matter where we hide, eventually, we will be found. No amount of hiding will keep either of us from harm. Or....worse....maybe....while we hide.....someone else will get hurt while we could have done something about it.....I just.......”
Their eyes forever open and unblinking and their mouths frozen in a terrified rictus as they could still be seen bobbing just underneath the surface of the water.
Once again I leave a kiss on his skin, I pull his warm body tight against mine, I close my eyes and finally I sleep too.
Miss Hooper glances at her dancing aunt once again before she leans herself over the table in order to whisper to Holmes conspiratorially.
But Sherlock is not letting him go. Instead he moves his hands from John's waist to his back. Effectively caging him in. His lips still tantalizingly close to John's ear as his next words come out in a seductive low purr.
Someone sent me a really sweet message on my tumblr about how much they loved this fic and it made me remember that maybe I'd left it out in the cold like an orphan in a Dickens story for a bit too long....
Here Holmes reached in his pocket and pulled out an object about the size of a pocket watch wrapped in a soft cloth.
I take theses big uncoordinated lungfuls of air that still don't seem to be enough and I cry into her blouse and I don't even have the energy left to feel embarrassed about it.
John actually laughs at this and the sound seems to calm Sherlock's nerves just a fraction. He finds he's regaining the voluntary use of his limbs and his chest doesn't feel quite as tight anymore.
John had his legs stretched out in front of him as he leaned back on his hands. It was not an easy position to get out of quickly should the need arise, but he was not afraid.
John stops talking again and bites his lip. Sherlock knows what he wants to say, wants to ask, but he will not fill in the blanks for him.
He however did not have time to marvel at this singular amazing moment for long, because soon his own orgasm overtook him.
Finn is giving him a scrutinizing look now. Sherlock doesn't quite know what it means but it does manage to make him feel even worse. He decides to just keep staring out the window. The sun seems to have moved even lower still. He really wishes he knew what Watson was doing right now.
“We need to be careful”, Holmes says, “if people find out that we perhaps are more than friends......they  might....”
At the sound of the detective's voice Sherlock turns around sharply, his long ridiculous coat twirls after him just adding to the effect.
Recognizing an opportunity when he saw one Sherlock had taken this as his cue to fully enter the room and he had closed the door behind him.
There is a sudden knock on my bedroom door. Where he had been lax and soft and warm beneath me John immediately tenses up again.
“No”, he says, “sorry....I didn't mean.......I mean.....out of everything that has been happening recently I find that this”, here he gestures between the both of them, “is the one thing I'm having the most trouble believing to be real.......it's almost too good to be true.”
But then Sherlock had shivered again and John's mind was at once pulled back to their current situation. They needed to find Sherlock some actual clothes to wear...and fast.
He looks adorably confused again and I wish I could hold him again. Have him pressed up against me. Have him take my shirt off again and have him look at me with those honest and open and deep blue eyes.
Now memories of Molly Hooper and the Dark Man who had abducted her swim past his closed eyelids and fill his mind.
His father had made him sit in a corner as, every so often, his father brought some important lord or lady over and he was to smile and nod and say “how do you do”.
John tastes like warm summer nights where the possibilities seem endless, like swimming in cooling lake-water underneath a scorching sun, like languid limbs stretching, like fireflies finding their way in the night-sky, like pebbles carefully thrown against a window like an open fire, like the sun, like something all consuming, like......
From the moment they'd met. There had been something about Holmes......something indescribable.....something that transcends the here and now..............something that makes him take Holmes' outstretched hand without question when it is being offered to him.
John breaks their kiss and leans back slightly. His hands are now on the back of Sherlock's shirt as well. Anchors that keep him from floating away into the night sky.
He felt there had been a lot of things left unsaid. Left hanging between them in the air of the small coffee-shop.
Sherlock hadn't thought it possible but Mycroft had looked even older then. Sherlock hated seeing his brother this way.
He had been sitting outside leaned against the wall next to the door when the whole “Incident” started.
And then summer break rolls around. Sherlock is eighteen and John is twenty and he finds himself back in his childhood bedroom and all the memories he has tried so hard to forget for the past year come flooding back in.
“I don't have.....”, she starts but then John gives her a look. He's been giving a lot of people looks lately. And suddenly she seems to remember again.
“But.....you should eat something......you've been unwell”, John tries. The words have left his mouth before he realizes that perhaps they should have remained in his head. Unspoken.
It had all been going wonderfully well. Twenty minutes in Mycroft still had not been able to find him, but twenty-five minutes in he realized that in fact nobody could see or hear him.
Suddenly there is a photograph on the table. Mycroft must have placed it there. Sherlock has not seen him do it. This is usually what happens when he is coming down from a high. His mind can be scattered and fragmented and sometimes he misses parts.
Behind Holmes' closed eyelids John could see the movement of his eyes shooting back and forth, spurred on by whatever dream he found himself in, and John heaved a sigh of relief.
In hindsight perhaps he should have been a bit more attentive as to who it was that had just left the party through the door right next to him.
I sort of simultaneously nod and shake my head at the same time because she probably is and isn't a scientist at the same time. I mean....I think she is....but probably not in the way John means it.
“When did you know you were gay?” He looks down at his hands as he asks it. He plucks at a loose piece of skin at the edge of his nail nervously.
That he would corner me again in an empty broom-closet and interlace our fingers again while he kissed me softly and whispered words in the breaths between us.
John had known his father was a cruel man, capable of many things, but somehow he had not expected him to be quite this cruel.
Finn raises his left hand and twists it in the air bringing his thumb and index finger together to form a circle. He quickly releases both fingers and an ember jumps out of the flames and lands neatly in Holmes lap.
“I'm enjoying the party”, Sherlock shouts back at him clearly not trying to lower the volume of his baritone voice at all.
The moss was soft underneath his back as Sherlock moved once again inside him. If he closed his eyes he could almost imagine it was a mattress in an expensive bed in a house that belonged to no one but the both of them.
It is a difficult task and a heavy burden and the effect it has been having on Holmes is noticeable.
The words were like an avalanche now. When the first grains of snow start to go down there's no stopping the rest of it. And so John pressed on:
Maybe he can pull Holmes out of the dark cloud.....if he can even get to him that is......or maybe.....if he can get to the medallion he can make it work for him again.......
There is one more name to find here before the spark of magic Holmes unknowingly has sent her way fizzles out.
He knows that it is a necessity for the paramedics to be touching him, be this close to him, put their lips on his and put their hands all over his naked body but still.....some dark part of his mind wishes he could push them away and cover Sherlock's body with his own again.
Seated side by side the baritone of Sherlock's voice could be felt just as much as heard and John found himself turning towards it like a cat towards a nice warm fire-place.
From his new vantage point Sherlock suddenly spots something else in the sky streaked with oranges and reds and pinks and purples.
The air smells like a lake and John has trouble seeing past the next pair of trees as heavenly water streams from his hair and lashes into his eyes.
“I told you, I was jealous of you. You were his boyfriend.......are......his boyfriend.....and....maybe.....that's what I wanted to be........and can you blame me! I mean.....come on.....you've seen the guy. He's gorgeous!”
Once again he is alone. Above him a dark sky. There are no stars in the sky. Just a large, full moon that casts a soft, silver light on its surroundings.
He now finds himself slumped forward with his head resting on his arms folded over each other on the hard wooden surface beneath.
After that she had continued her story about some lordship from a county over who had had illegitimate children with as much as three of his maids and his wife had only recently found out now that he had died and the maids were claiming they were owed an inheritance of some sort. John had stopped listening.
On their path here along the side of the house, over a field and a small dirt road Molly has tried to look at her reflection in every reflective surface they came across. Puddles of water, lost pieces of glass, the iron bars of a gate......she has seen Death in none of them. Only her own frightened face. Wide eyes, flushed cheeks, mouth opened and breath coming in short pants.
The day slowly draws to a close and the afternoon light makes Watson's blond hair look like spun gold.
At the base of the globe there were words printed. In the morning light John had to hold the globe very close to his face to try and make out the fancy lettering.
Maybe remembering all that is happening right now, now that he is still happy and his soul feels light and unburdened, will help him in the end.
He had been allowed to wear a brand new bright yellow jacket that day and dark and tight fitting pants Mycroft had ruffled his hair and had told him he looked like a prince.
Sherlock sighed, relieved, and finally turned his eyes towards John again. This time a spark of hope could be seen in them.
But he will never be able to get back the time she has stolen from him. Even she is not so powerful that she can bend time.
Finn just smiles like the cat that got the cream. Not for the first time Sherlock wishes he could punch him. He still feels the faint ache of the bruise Finn left on his own face a couple of nights ago when Sherlock had tried crossing the Veil.
It had proven to be another warm day and, in order to keep cool, pretty early on John had taken his shirt off again.
Rugby John is, at the moment, talking to Molly and Shaun. His smile one he wears oh so easily. His stance calm and relaxed as his hips are slightly tilted to the left and his hands gesture wildly as he tells some kind of riveting story that seems to have Molly enthralled.
“I have been attending my step-mother's balls for over 10 years”, Holmes replies, “I don't think there is a single person left on the continent whom I haven't scared away yet.”
Whenever John remembered his father, something he tried to do as little as possible, there were always two versions of him. There was the smiling, loving husband and father who gave the best hugs in the world and then there was the version of him John had seen last. His eyes wide and unblinking, his mouth opened in a soundless scream and his face white as the rope he had used to hang himself with cut horrible red lines into the soft flesh of his neck.
A sunny afternoon where he has a job as a consulting detective, where he makes enough money to rent a flat of his own in the center of London, where John finds him again purely by chance and forgives him readily and easily because he is a better man now.
Holmes looks him over wearily for a moment. As if he's trying to find the lie within the words. John returns his gaze.
“For pushing you”, I say, “for forcing you to come out to your dad.....for......”, I look at him and this time
'He is the master of this house', he replied, unsure where she was going with this, 'if he gives me an order I am to follow it.'
There is a small scattering of blond hairs on John's arms and legs but his torso is pretty much hair-free except for a short trail of gold that leads from his navel to the waistband of his swim-trunks and underneath.
“True”, John replies, “but it still sucks. Do you want to go down to the cafeteria or would you rather stay in bed today?”
I take a deep breath and fill my lungs with fresh air. I close my eyes and for a moment I swear I can feel it coursing through my veins, settling down in every single one of my cells, cleansing me.
As much as he had tried to get back on friendly terms with her.....after their kiss.....after what had happened.....things had never quite felt the same between them.
John is telling his friends now about the costumes they'll be wearing for the show. His hands wave wildly in the air as he talks.
And for the past ten minutes or so that we've spent in here he's been able to open my heart up so expertly and diligently that I can't seem to be able to keep anything inside of it anymore so I say:
Sherlock had had no idea. He didn't do friends. Well...he had Finn, but Finn had sort of happened to him.
“Huh?” Sherlock had been lost in thought. Well....lost in John is more like it. They're sitting at their usual table again and once again the late-afternoon light filtering through the windows frames John just so. Sherlock was just thinking about how it looks like he has a golden halo around him. How utterly mesmerizing he looks. He wonders how he ever even managed to stay away from John Watson. His “Rugby John”. For the duration of his current experiment he is allowing himself to call John “his”.....but only in his mind. There's only so much his nerves can take.
He looks at me and it's almost as if he's trying to ask me a question but I just can't tell what it is.
“So....”, John says, suddenly breaking the tranquil silence that had slowly enveloped them, “I've been thinking....”
A fond smile forms on Sherlock's face as he turns his attention back to the blue of the sky. The sun makes his eyes water slightly as he squints but doesn't close his eyes completely.
'I thought maybe we could go and have a coffee. I know a nice little place not too far from school. We've both deserved it. You really helped me out, Sherlock. I can't tell you how grateful I am.'
The long needed wash combined with the warm sunlight streaming into the small and cozy room has him feeling lazy and relaxed.
'My horse, why....no...I have no need of it. I assume you're taking good care of it?' he seemed to have been taken aback a bit by Johns question. If not for his horse, then why was he here?
I do smile a little then but only because I still vividly remember what had happened after I'd ran. I doubt anything like that happened in the original fairytale.
Afraid that, with their actions laid bare in the harsh light of day, the dream-like web the night and alcohol had woven around them would lift and Watson would not think the same of him as he had before.
Today, somehow, it seems to be impossible to keep any secrets from John. And the strangest part is: it sort of feels nice.
'No, god no', gently Sherlock placed his hand on John's upper thigh. A somewhat possessive gesture, but John wasn't sure if Sherlock was even aware he was doing it.
'It's fine', John had said once again and followed it up with a tight, only slightly forced smile. That seemed to have been all the reassurance Mike needed.
The mansion grew smaller and smaller as they moved further and further away from it. Finn on his strawberry-golden horse that somehow reminded John of a liquid fire as its sleek muscles stretched and flexed underneath its pristine coat, and John on his gray horse.
His room is too warm, his body too sweaty as the sheets stick to his flesh like a shroud and there's a tree outside of his window that keeps on tapping against the glass.
He had never actually gone through with it, but more than once he had found his hands idly tying and untying bits of rope in some barn or other where he was momentarily employed to do the odd job and wondered what it would feel like stretching across his neck.
Those are the moments when he finds his hands shake uncontrollably, his fingers cramp up and his throat swells so it's hard to breathe and impossible to speak.
The girl shuffles her feet and avoids eye-contact with him as she nervously twists her apron between her fingers.
John very much doubts Holmes will come to see him during the day. He has been away from the house for quite some time so he'll probably have a lot of “lordly” duties to perform....or something like that.
“I don't think I've brought enough money for that”, he replies. Just to emphasize another difference between them. John is dirt-poor. He couldn't even afford the buttons on Holmes' jacket.
“You've put it on the windowsill on the outside of the window because you thought I wouldn't look for it there.”
He's probably just feeling a little bit out of his depth because this is the first ball he's ever attended as an actual guest. The lights. The music. The people. It's all messing with his head.
“Please”, John says and a tiny piece of Sherlock's heart starts to crack, breaks off and wedges itself in between his lungs, making it hard for him to breathe, “it won't be any fun without you. You'll have a good time....I promise!”
Sherlock was getting closer and closer to his destination. The sound of his feet on the floor now incredibly loud in the darkness that surrounded him as he made his way to a relatively new part of his mind palace.
Morgana herself could not leave the Shadowlands. She was not powerful enough. Not yet. But she would send out spies to try and find John.
'No', he said and for a moment the lovely warmth John had felt coursing through him turned into ice cold fear as his chosen alpha seemed to deny him at the last second.
John just shook his head. 'no...' but his voice was weak and his limbs felt as if they were paralyzed.
Even at night, when he's in his bed, trying to fall asleep but finding he can't because every second that passes is a second he is without John. A second closer to the moment where he will have to say goodbye again.
Finally it's John who breaks the silence. Once again the night is dark and cold and his words escape from between his lips like clouds of smoke.
Granted, after Mary had walked off with Sarah to go and dance because, apparently, John was “no fun” and after 15 minutes there was still no sign of her, he didn't really look for her all that hard anyway.
He leans in over the table towards John, the card game currently forgotten, and John feels his hands growing clammier still.
“Watson.....?”, Holmes' confused reply as he keeps shifting his gaze between John and the cottage, “I don't see anything......what are you seeing?”
With his bright and clever eyes, tall and slim frame, cheekbones to die for, curls as black as ink that John desperately wants to run his hands through.....
The look on Holmes' face still strange but now he seems to remember....he has seen this look before......his eyes were closed then.
I want to be able to have this in public. Holding his hand like this. His sturdy fingers between the dark galaxy on my nails under the open sky and the light of the sun instead of the sickly yellow of a bare bulb.
......is strong and sure of himself and he turns me around with steady hands and enfolds me in the warmth of his chest and arms.
The alpha's lust and impatience boiling over to a point where he could not find it in himself to at least try and hide it anymore.
John finds himself smiling in return and as he gestures at the plane around them he says: “Evidently.....yes.”
'Yes',  his father said, 'I have written him a letter to invite him over to Carterhaugh castle so he can be here when your next heat comes along.
The sight so close before him one of unparalleled beauty but....if he's being honest, he's always thought so.
My mouth has suddenly gone dry and I'm having a hard time swallowing. I try to swallow anyway against the lump that has formed in my throat but there doesn't seem to be a way to get rid of it.
But Holmes' eyes were drooping shut again as his head hung low between his shoulders and he lost consciousness once more. The last thing he said before drifting off again a faint: “John.”
John can't help but wonder if, maybe, this hungry and consuming darkness is the real creature and the creature itself just an illusion.
“I'm fine”, he says a little bit too bitingly as he pulls his arm back just a little bit too forcefully.
Finn narrowed his eyes. It was clear he was not buying into the lie. His eyes searching John for clues and then they widened as they fell on the only part of the medallion that was visible. The silver chain around his neck. And all of a sudden Finn seemed to turn quite pale.
He immediately recognizes the hastily scribbled letters. He has seen Holmes' handwriting before after all.
And before he knew what he was doing he felt himself lean forward and press his mouth to hers. Another point of contact to anchor him to the here and now and drive out all thoughts of anything else that he is too scared to think about. For a moment Mary tensed, but all too soon she pushed herself firmer against him, the tension leaving her body, one of her hands finding the nape of his neck and her lips moving with his willingly.
He carefully looks at Finn. Trying to gage his reaction. But the elf is just looking at Holmes and Holmes is staring straight ahead.
Finally the man makes his way to the counter where John is standing and somehow that makes John feel even more uncomfortable.
Oh, if only she was strong enough to move through the veil herself. She would crush the weeping girl beneath the heel of her foot and grind her into dust.
Overhead the moon shines on. Reflecting the light of the sun. The sun never truly sets. It just lies in wait. Patiently. As it waits for the moon to appear.
I make a grab for the books that lie around me and stuffs them back into my backpack as best I can while trying to blink away the tears that sting at the corners of my eyes.
He wants to say something. Ask Holmes what they are going to do now. If Holmes has been able to share in his memory long enough to find out who the man in the hat is......but Holmes beats him to it.
He just hopes that, someday, by some random luck, their paths might cross again like they had done that very first night where John had been too drunk and depressed to care and Sherlock had apparently been far too high to have any inhibitions or moral objections left.
“My brother has.....issues”, Mycroft says. He expresses himself so delicately. John feels he would make a fine politician.
Molly Hooper had never craved the limelight. Even as a young girl she mostly lived in her own head. Making up stories and fantasies. Daydreaming the day away. Philosophizing at an early age. She did not need the approval of her peers to know who she truly was. She did not crave to be “special”.
His eyelids are already drooping shut and he can feel the gentle haze of the unconsciousness of sleep starting to drown out his mind when the sound of another set of footsteps making their way up the stairs reaches him.
John almost drops his tea. The now lukewarm liquid sloshes over the side and wets his fingers as he manages to right it at the last second.
The look Holmes gives him then is so open, unguarded and full that John almost believes him. He desperately wants to believe him. But how can he?
The rugby team was gathered together in their dressing room. Practice had just ended and the team was looking forward to an afternoon off. Well, everybody on the team except for John, that is.
Chopping some wood might be just the thing he needs to let off some steam before he comes face to face with Sherlock again.
This time it was John's turn to cast his eyes down and look slightly flustered. Maybe he wasn't the only one in a flirty mood. But that was impossible. Holmes was a nobleman. Utterly breathtakingly beautiful while John was just....well...John.... and to look at another man in such a way was.....well....just wrong. Did he even see John as a friend? John hoped he did. He saw Holmes as a friend, but for all he knew the master of the house only saw him as another employee. Albeit one he confided in.
Sherlock had hoped that John would be......maybe.....different?......from all the other jocks. The  other rugby boys. The kind of boys that laugh at boys like Sherlock. Boys like Sherlock who aren't quite built as athletic as them, boys that don't know the difference between a rugbyball and a football, boys who actually enjoy chemistry class, boys who don't know how to act at parties, how to talk to people and make a conversation last longer than 2 minutes, boys who......
His lips are full and soft and now slightly damp as he briefly licks them as he searches his book for what Demetrius is supposed to say now.
This time it's Watson who asks him: “are you sure?” but Sherlock doesn't answer him. He keeps his eyes on Molly instead.
Apparently this was the right response because Miss Huntington gives him a broad smile and immediately starts talking again.
This update is partly here because somebody left a very sweet comment on the last chapter and I thought: "oh yeah, I should update that story again. I've been procrastinating on it."
He is on this flight to get away from all the drama. Get away from his thoughts of Sherlock. To not have to think about him literally
His vision went blurry as he did so, the last vestiges of his strength finally leaving him and he would have fallen face first onto the ground had it not been for two strong arms that were suddenly around him.
And as Holmes bowed his head and let out a sigh he was so close that John only had to bow his own head in order to rest his own forehead against that of his master.....or press a soft kiss against those inviting dark curls. Anything to lessen the tension that could currently be seen in Holmes' shoulders and back.
I feel the corners of my mouth tug up ever so slightly but I am able to stop myself from smiling just before he is able to see it.
And then there is also the pale figure that follows my soldier around. She will have to wait her turn.
For a moment he lifts his arm in a move as if he is going to touch me, embrace me, maybe, but he hesitates, thinks better of it and just drops his arm again and lets it hang useless at his side.
Molly has one hand clasped in front of her mouth, her tea cup is on the floor. The lush carpet is stained dark where the tea has spilled out of it.
Suddenly he feels cold all over as a sudden dread fills him. He picks it up with a shaking hand and reads:
“I......” Sherlock says. He's thinking a lot of things right now. None of which he would like to share with John.
“Let the girl go”, Sherlock says again. There is magic both on his lips and at the tips of his fingers now. He is positively vibrating with it. Molly has only seen him like this a couple of times before. Sherlock overflowing with magic is a sight to behold. Even under these dire circumstances she finds it leaves her utterly breathless.
He feels as if he's being stung by a thousand icy needles and pins and the sensation makes him grit his teeth and close his eyes. And when he opens them again........that's when he sees it.
“No”, John had said, “No....I mean.....I'm sorry....It's just.....I've never done this before. I have a girlfriend......I've never......I'm straight.”
He puts his new and old clothes both in his room upstairs. He throws them in a corner haphazardly. He can't be bothered with them right now. The sight of them does nothing to calm the rage roiling around inside of him.
And then John licks his lips just before he leans his head forward and then those same lips are pressed against Sherlock's.
He quickly gives Sherlock a knowing smile and a wink before he turns back around and John slumps even lower in his chair.
Suddenly his face is soft and full of worry and emotion and somehow my hand has found its way into his. Our fingers threaded together as if they've always been like that.
As he looks Sherlock feels himself getting hotter still and he wiggles a bit as he tries to bury his back and shoulders into the cooling sand a bit more.
Were it not for the fact that he gets to spend the rest of the day in Watson's company he would undoubtedly dub today “the worst day ever”.
Finn's expression sours as he climbs a small hill in order to soak up the last of the moonlight before she dips down behind the horizon and the scorching sun takes her place.
Today John welcomed it all. The cold biting at his nose and cheeks, the gloomy half-dark that seemed to linger no matter the hour of the day, even his father's domineering presence, constantly at his side. A guard-dog making sure his prisoner did not escape.
As they ascend the stairs, Holmes in front and John behind - some traditions are hard to break with - John once again feels as if he can't breathe.
“I sense a lost love about you”, she says. She had not wanted to say anything but his sadness seems to have drawn the words from her and they flow from her mouth and across her lips like tears.
I silently hope it's not one of the boys from my class. If it is they might bully me relentlessly again over this.
Apparently he is still there because his now sweaty fingers soon make contact with Holmes' arm and grab onto it desperately.
The word comes out a little bit too loud and a couple of people turn around again and I stare at my hands sheepishly as I wait for them to turn back around.
Sherlock isn't sure if this is the absolute best adaptation. The shop-lady might have just told John that to get him to buy the dvd. But it is a pretty good version. And certainly a complete version.....
He's got rugby-practice at the moment but apparently he's still able to keep his phone on him and send me a message every now and then.
Sherlock's headache is almost completely gone now. It disappears with everything else in the world around them now that John Watson is kissing him again.
He could vaguely remember a dream he had that night. It had not been his usual nightmare, but something else entirely.
He feels held safe in the palms of John's calloused hands as his fingers ignite the flesh of his bare chest where his blouse now used to be.
“Molly gave him her number at Patrick's party”, I explain, “he hasn't talked to her or called her since.”
Sherlock finds it hard to believe that there could be a world in which John could be wrong and so he just nods.
Sherlock is strange looking, the most unpopular boy in school, has an attitude that, according to Mycroft, can sour milk and is apparently unable to engage in conversation over a cup of coffee.....
He'd rather spend every Christmas until the end of time with Anderson than having to experience something like that ever again.
Sherlock doesn't seem to have noticed him looking. Sherlock is standing in a corner of the room, black dress-shirt, black tight jeans with his hands shoved in the pockets and a rather bored look on his face.
Apparently Sherlock doesn't mind in the slightest. He just pulls John closer still. Their bodies pressed together and as Sherlock sways from side to side John now has absolutely no other choice but to move along.
All the telltale signs of sex are there. A slept in bed, John in nothing but his boxers and a hastily thrown on shirt, Sherlock still completely naked on the floor.....
A very good thing indeed, because he quickly found out there was a lot of work to be done and in the end it took him weeks to get everything back in working order again. The previous person who had looked after the stable complex was an elderly man named Gregson. An old relic left over from the time Holmes senior had still been around. Or at least, that's how Mary told it. He had been Holmes seniors personal butler, but after his lordships disappearance and soon after that the disappearance of his eldest son he had been demoted to grounds keeper and sort of all around man. Picking up chores that no one else had the time or the proper knowledge for. As time passed he had actually grown a bit too old for the workload that was expected of him, but they kept him on anyway. Mary jokingly told him during dinner once that the only reason young Master Holmes hadn't driven Gregson off yet was probably because it would be quicker and easier just to wait for him to die of old age. John felt this was a rather cruel joke to make. He liked Gregson. The old man mostly took to himself. Something he could sympathize with. And the lot he had been dealt in life, however unfair, was completely beyond his control. Once again, John could relate. He laughed at the joke anyway. Mostly because it was hard not to with Mary's open, expecting face beaming at him and her hand firmly on his arm as she was seated next to him. When John wasn't hard at work Mary was the other household member he spent the most time with. He liked her. Her pretty blond curls and open face with every emotion written on it like a book made for pleasant, uncomplicated company. It seemed Mary liked his companionship in return. Every time the staff was gathered for dinner in the kitchen she would choose the seat beside him and whenever she had a moment to herself she would seek him out for a friendly chat or to bring him some food or tea.
I want to open all of his buttons and zippers and peel all this fabric form his skin and lay him bare before me.
“Miss. Morstan!”, Mrs. Hudson shouts after her....only...not too loud....they are still trespassing after all, but Mary decides not to listen to her and is soon lost to them when she turns a corner.
I just sit at my desk quietly for an extra 20 minutes pretending to do my homework until the teacher decides to let me go.
“He's my brother”, Sherlock's voice was soft and frail. He felt like passing out. Maybe it was better if he did pass out. At least that would save him from the utter nightmare he currently found himself in.
And so he stretched out his hand and with a firm snap separated the unique flowers and part of their shared stem from the rest of the bush.
He needs to leave tonight and there is no one else they can involve. Not now that Watson seems to be part of all of this. He knows The Order too well.....knows what they're capable of......what happened to Mycroft once they got their hands on him....their father......
There's a young lady with long blond hair that falls down her elegant, pale neck in perfect curls standing in front of him.
'I wish' he sighed, 'I'm not doing too good in a couple of classes. If my grades drop any lower I'll be forced to quit the rugby team so the headmaster found this guy that's a class above me to tutor me one afternoon a week. I'm going to meet him now. Apparently he's some kind of genius '
“You should have told me...”, I start to say but he interrupts me before I can get anything else out.
John's smile widens once again and as he jogs back to his team-mates Sherlock is finally able to release his grip on the railing in front of him.
“There has to be another way”, he says, “a way that does not involve us rushing headlong into danger. I just need time to find it...to figure it all out.”
He used to think that, out of the two of them, Mary was the open book....but now.....he's not so sure now. Mary seems to know all of his secrets while he has come to realize that he knows virtually nothing about hers.
He figures that, if this might be the last time he gets to call John he might as well just do so. No matter what the outcome is going to be.
There are figures on the road ahead of them. One of them appears to be on the ground. The other figure is trying to pull them back to their feet.
That's not how its magic works. You can give it away, sure. Being gifted the medallion is the only way it will work for you. But you cannot give it
Mary takes a step forward and John is only just able to suppress the sudden urge to recoil from her.
“Sure”, all Holmes says. Finn does not seem perturbed in the slightest by the curtness of his answers.
This time however it was not directed at him, but at the nobleman with the fair hair who was currently squirming in the tight grip Holmes had on the front of his jacket.
In my chest lives this frantic bird, beating its wings against my ribcage, making it hard for me to breathe and think and hear.
It takes Sherlock longer than usual to reply but eventually John's screen does light up with a reply.
Detective Lestrade shakes his head and laughs, the sound is hearty and light and it matches his tan, he's about to say something more but just as he opens his mouth someone from inside the house calls his name.
John is dying to know what he's writing but he's pretty sure he's not going to get an answer were he to ask. And so he sighs again and picks his own book back up and turns it over to page 23. There's a picture on this page. At least there's that.
But as soon as Sherlock had walked up to John where he stood by his locker, his back still turned towards him as he put away his books, he had known something was wrong. There had been a tension in his back and shoulders he had never seen there before. And when Sherlock greeted him and John turned around the general “wrongness” of the situation became even more apparent.
Sherlock feels like all the breath has been knocked out of his lungs. All he can do is stare at John and hope for the best.
He wants to kiss John again. Run his fingers along the soft skin of his throat. Feel the vibration of his voice underneath their tips as he puts gentle pressure just there.
Sebastian leans in even closer and whispers his next words straight into John's ear. His breath feels humid and warm and awful and John silently wishes he could melt through the door, come out the other side and just run until his legs give out.
We don't speak but the sun above our dream-beach is moving faster and faster across the sky. Soon night will come on and the tide will roll itself out across our part of the beach like a blanket and we can't stay here.
John shivered, his thoughts turning to his upcoming 18th birthday and the threat his father had made.
As if I had been walking along the beach, had tripped and, somehow, had landed with my lips on top of his.
John looks back over his shoulder half expecting to find a shrouded female figure with a scythe but he sees nothing.
Now is definitely not the time for rash and stupid actions. Not now that the Magpie King has awoken. Not now that there seems to be such a distinct connection between him and Holmes....and the soldier.
A soft kiss to Sherlock's soft and plump swollen lower lip, tracing the seam of his mouth with his tongue. Slowly. Carefully. As if they both might break.
“Why didn't you wait for me....” is what he says eventually. More to himself than to Sherlock but Sherlock still feels he owes him some form of explanation.
His laugh a low chuckle that rumbles through John's chest. The sound of it making him feel warmer than any flame could and he feels himself flush.
And, on those seemingly endless and utterly boring evenings, as he tried to hide himself in the darker corners of the brightly lit ballroom he could always feel his brothers eyes on him.
'I tend not give rumors too much weight',John had said, 'I'd rather find out if things are true for myself. Besides. I've been in the army. I think I can handle some rude posh git.'
John would make sure to get them all a cup of coffee first. Just to diffuse the situation a little bit. Sherlock would always relax a bit more once he had a cup of coffee to sip from whenever he needed a couple of seconds to think something over or whenever too much of the attention was focused on him.
I just silently watch him as he tilts his head and looks at the next poster. The strong muscles of his shoulders and back just barely visible underneath his too tight blue sweater.
They sit like that for a while longer. Neither of them speaking as John's fingers gently rub the back of Sherlock's hand.
Sherlock, however was not looking at him. He was looking up at the house. The brickwork, the windowsills, the trees that grew in the small yard in front of it.
He places the cigarette that currently dangles from his fingers between his lips and closes his eyes as he inhales.
“Hey.....”, I reply. Because I am nothing if not very, very awkward when it comes to social interactions. It's probably nothing short of a  miracle that John and I got together the way we did over the summer holiday. But, of course, that had all been John.  I take no credit for our first interaction.
'Yeah....erm.....yeah', was all John could get himself to say. Still coming to terms with the sheer presence that was Sherlock Holmes.
At first it had seemed to be a beautiful woman with dark hair and red lips. She had reminded him of Holmes a little bit.
“I....”, John says. The light behind him has started to pulse. Like the heartbeat of a frightened animal.....like a warning.
'You are my only heir!',  he had shouted, 'and an omega heir at that! Do you have any idea how unseemly it is for a noble omega to be found riding around without an escort? And after nightfall no less! What if you are found by some common alpha and he takes advantage of you? What then!
That leaves....oh....about 3 more hours until the end of his shift. He groans but just as he decides to go and look for Becca so she can at least suffer along with him the little bell that  hangs above the door rings, signaling the arrival of another customer.
But the headache had been nothing compared to the hollow feeling that had opened up in his chest like a chasm.
'You will go to your rooms and if I see you out of them before tomorrow evening there will be a punishment waiting for you far worse than than any I've ever given you before. Do I make myself clear?'
Your hair thinning and gray. The skin of your face now slightly sagging and each day bringing out a new wrinkle.
John is awfully quiet on their way to the coffee-place. He seems unusually nervous today and Sherlock almost asks him why that is but he's afraid that asking will either only make his nerves worse or he'll end up not liking the answer.
Kitty will be in no state to answer any questions tonight so, in the end, he just escorts her  back to her room and tells her to lock the door behind him.
And just like the last time he was this close to John he wishes for a sudden and catastrophic apocalypse.
“If we were in a relationship we wouldn't be meeting in a different hotel room every time”, Sherlock says.
“I don't think I need to remind you that anything you see or hear in this room is strictly confidential and should remain within its walls”, Finn said. His hand on the door that gave access to the rooms he had rented for himself and Holmes.
“That is no true”, my mother says but the sadness in the depths of her eyes makes me doubt her words.
When it comes to John Watson he wants all or nothing and, not feeling quite ready yet to find out in which direction the balance would sway, he had fled.
Maybe there will be an end to all of this someday. Maybe things will change between us once high-school ends and we both go off to college. Maybe.......
John had stopped listening to Mike for a large part of the story there only to pick it up again when Mike told him that a few years into the marriage Mr. Holmes senior just up and vanished.
He steals a glance at Sherlock where he is still smoking his cigarette, casually leaning out of the window.
She scratches at the walls with her claws until they break and she oozes black blood in the darkness around her but nothing gives still.
You're not only putting yourself at risk, but also the good name, fortune and future of our entire family. You should be ashamed of yourself.
God, his mouth tasted like vomit. John remembered the glass on his nightstand and stretched out his hand to get it, but instead of a glass his fingers touched on something unfamiliar.
John just giggled. Trust Sherlock to figure it out. He was glad to hear that the sadness and uncertainty that had hung around Sherlock that afternoon had disappeared. Once again Sherlock seemed relaxed, at ease, open....like he had been as they had sat opposite each other at the small table. Their knees brushing together on occasion as neither of them minded.
“I.....”, I say to Molly, but I can't seem to finish that sentence. There is not enough air. John has taken it all with him when he left and I need to find him if I ever want to be able to breathe again.
It will take the older lady a day or three to reach her destination so he expects them to have a week or so at least with Molly Hooper before her aunt returns, probably very confused and ever so slightly embarrassed.
He was however pretty certain that this place, this hallway lined with nothing but barred doors, was not a place that existed in the real world. He was strangely thankful for it.
'I doubt it'll taste as good coming back up', he said as he pushed his cup to the far end of the table. Even the smell of it seemed to be making his stomach feel all queasy.
They spent the rest of John's heat outside on the meadow and in the small cave. During the days they were relatively safe, but the nights were dangerous. That was when the fairies, on occasion, visited the meadow and so they stayed hidden in the cave as soon as the sun sunk below the horizon. Huddled together. Staying out of sight. Trying to be as quiet as possible.
And, even though John has never been to the Order and he doesn't know what it looks like, in his dream he is absolutely certain that's where they are.
Watson softly moans as Sherlock gently bites his lower lip, then he chuckles and, even though they are indoors, stars light up all around them.
It had been his first heat shared with an alpha and, although he had fantasized about how it would be many times, he had never expected it to be quite like this.
John groaned as the sound of a baby crying woke him from his sleep. The room was pitch black and through the window only a couple of stars could be seen. The moon and most of their brothers and sisters veiled by a thick blanket of clouds.
The brief moment of panic that comes over him must show clearly in his eyes because John gives him a strange look.
The face of the soldier's death is beautiful. But...not all of the time....sometimes she is an old and wrinkled woman with saggy eyelids, thin dry lips and milky eyes, when the sunlight hits her face in just the right angle, but then she'll turn slightly and she's young, beautiful and full of power once more.
I briefly contemplate just not going back to school ever again but my mother will probably notice and make me go anyway.
He tries to go for a smile but he suddenly feels tense and nervous and the muscles of his face only cooperate partially.
At this point of the day sweat is starting to gather in his fringe and it's making his shirt stick to his back but, next to John, he feels rather self-conscious.
Ps: I recently discovered there is a movie called 'Strange Magic'. My story was not inspired by that, but rather by the lovely ELO song.
I have fond memories of those days although I have not gone back to reminisce on them in a very long time.
Sherlock just sighed again and gave his signature eye roll. John realized he was starting to grow rather fond of Sherlock's eye roll. Like his strange collection of features it was something so particular to Sherlock. Something that shouldn't possibly evoke positive feelings, but somehow it did and upon seeing it once again John felt as if he was filled with warm light.
And so far that's all John is seeing too. Just an old cottage, in a neglected field. Overrun and overtaken by weeds and wildlife.
John is decidedly straight. With a girlfriend. And, up until today, Sherlock is quite sure John didn't even know Sherlock existed. He's positive “The Incident” is something only he remembers. Or...at least....he hopes John doesn't remember.
As John starts leading the way he suddenly remembers Mycroft but as he looks back at his brother, Mycroft is still standing next to the car. Seeing Sherlock looking back at him Mycroft gives him a smile and waves before he gets back in and drives off. Sherlock gives him half a smile back. It's all he can manage right now.
But just as they were about to reach the door one of the window-eyes seemed to blink open as a light in the kitchen was turned on.
“Honestly, John”, his breath feels warm and moist on John's ear as he leans in close in an attempt to make himself heard over the music, “I just don't see why you like this place so much.....I mean......this is the worst beer I've tasted in my life!”
He had recognized the careful and yet familiar footfall down the hallway outside long before the tentative rapping on the door came.
Once again John found his fingers touching upon his masters naked flesh and he was reminded of that dark and stormy night where they had first met.
Once again a smile lights up John's face as he steps closer to Sherlock. He lets the knife fall from his fingers to the dry grass underneath before entwining them with sherlock's.
Once again he was aware of her hand in his, her expectant face looking up at him, the soft smile on her lips..... her lips.....
'I want to see you', Sherlock continued and as John saw the soft smile on his alpha's face all the warmth from before came rushing back in and he felt his face flush.
And he tastes like tea and sugary sweetness and something still so very undefinable that's solely him.
Love who you love.....and all that nonsense. They have no idea of the ramifications of such a connection in the human world.
They just ride and ride until the horses are exhausted, nostrils flaring, covered in sweat and  the muscles in John's back and legs have gone tight and cramped.
He gets up. His legs are shaky and numb but he manages to get to the door and as he leaves Mary gives him a final: “we really appreciate what you did for us.”
He cannot deny John anything. Being with John will hurt him but he is also weak. Now that he has John close-by again he finds he suddenly craves him. It's as if he has been lost in a desert for years and now that he has finally found water he cannot stop drinking. Even knowing full well that the pond is poisoned.
“Oh yeah....most of the rugby-guys know I'm completely gone on you. Greg's been encouraging me to......you know......try and win you over....it was his idea for me to join theater-class.......he said, and I quote, that “if he had to spend another chemistry class watching me moon over you he'd change schools””.
John feels uneasier still. He wishes he still had a drink but he finished his last one a good while ago.
'You ungrateful little shit! Do you have any idea how much your stubbornness has cost our family, how much......'
Once they had started kissing time had seemed to not exist anymore. It had been as if they had stepped outside of the normal, mundane world and had made themselves a splendid universe all their own.
What concerned him more was that there was apparently someone in Sherlock's household who could not be trusted. A mole. A snitch. Someone gathering information about Sherlock that would benefit the enemy and had a way to pass it on.
“I'm just not ready to be alone yet tonight”, he clarified, “I know it's late and you've already helped me out immensely and if you'd rather.....”
Mary proceeded to wrap her arms around him and as she lifted herself unto the tips of her toes she, once again, pressed her lips to his. The kiss was soft and unhurried and tasted of sadness with a bitter edge.
Slowly it had progressed to furtive touches whenever he saw the chance, hand-kisses for no reason other than to be able to swipe his tongue across John's skin and clearly sexual remarks.
Sherlock wishes they'd serve him some alcohol. Anything to numb the pain and make the afternoon slightly more bearable.
“What am I....”, he says, but then he stops talking, he stops walking too, he almost stops breathing, because, right there, in the midst of all this chaos, he sees him:
'Come on Sebastian', he said, 'just let John go. The sooner he starts passing tests the sooner we can have him back all to ourselves. Alright?'
He looks down along the line of his body and sees an actual hand on his arm. A hand attached to an arm of its own, to a body....to Finn.
“Well”, he had said, “if you would just teach me magic I'd just spell myself a better memory. There. Problem solved.”
If he ignores the reason why he's on this trip in the first place he can even feel a small bit of excitement.....almost.
Holmes' hand is on his forehead. His touch soft, cool and soothing. There are small sparks of magic floating around his long fingers.
John can't help but chuckle to himself. At this moment he feels as far removed from a “Sir” as he's ever been.
John gives another chuckle but there's no light in it this time. The sound as dark as the sky around them.
But it's not. He knows it's not. He has not forgotten his dreams of the past months. No matter how bright the day seems there is still a foreboding darkness clinging to its edges. Just out of the range of his vision but John can feel it like the raking of cold fingers at the back of his neck.
It's the day of the performance. They'll be performing the play twice in total. Once in the afternoon and once in the evening. Mycroft has tickets to both.
And even if there was time....he's pretty sure Mycroft would not believe him. He has that look about him.
He looks confused now. His hand still on my chest and I don't know if he can feel the frantic beating of my heart through my jumper but I sure can.
It takes us a good 15 minutes to regain our breaths but eventually we do get up for a moment and get cleaned up just a bit. You can only lie in bed naked for so long with drying ejaculate on your lower body.
John picks out two seats for us in the middle of the back row. He now seems to be a little bit tense as well. Every-time someone enters he freezes up a bit but he soon relaxes when the doors to the screening area close again and the lights go out.
He feels the way he used to feel when he first joined the army. When purpose and meaning once again entered his life. When he thought himself to be happy.....
John almost stretches out his hand towards him.....to reassure him....almost.....there are too many people here.....too many eyes.....too many.....
And so John found himself well after 1 am sitting on his bed in the dark, sipping beer, trying his best not to feel sorry for himself.
My fingers finding their place between his own so effortlessly. As if it's always been like this. As if it's always meant to be like this.
He has a faint memory of falling asleep with his arm slung possessively over Sherlock's naked thigh.
On that particular night, after a couple of hours of, he shuddered at the mere thought of the word, “mingling” he had had about as much socializing as he could take without losing his sanity completely.
He muttered some words. Mostly because that was how he usually tried to do it but with so much magic in the air the words probably were not entirely necessary at the moment.
Lo and behold! In the epilogue they are actually lying in a bed together in a house of their own. Who says wishes don't come true.
“Yes...yes it is”, John replies. But when Sherlock glances up at him from the corners of his eyes John is not looking out the window at all. Instead he's looking down at Sherlock. Where he's pressed against his side.
He's rubbing the back of his neck again and he licks his lips as he avoids looking at Sherlock at all costs.
John is looking at him. He feels himself going red. What must John think of him. He's pretty sure he looks utterly  pathetic. If John tries to wave him over now, at this point, he'll probably just run.
John's friends turn out to be a lot of fun. They ask him questions about drama-club, what part he plays, if he's got a lot of lines and if John is actually good at acting.
possibly spend an afternoon in close proximity to John Watson. Perfect and lovely John Watson who is always kind and nice, who is a jock but also secretly smart because he studies medicine and wants to be a doctor, John Watson with his sea blue eyes and dimple in his cheek when he smiles, John Watson who does sit-ups without his shirt on.....who remembers which cookies Sherlock likes even though they've only spoken about 4 times in the last three months....John Watson.......
Sherlock just thrust his hands underneath his armpits in an attempt to get some form of feeling back in his fingertips. He wondered if he'd ever get warm again.
Mary goes off on anther rant and John feels a headache coming up. The tranquil and relaxed atmosphere from earlier completely broken and lying in shards all around them.
Holmes gets up quickly pulling John along with him. His legs still don't feel like his own entirely.
“It's only England”, he says, “they've got internet there.... and telephones....we'll make it work....”
Sherlock's moans grow deeper as his searching hands reach up like claws and his nails draw marks on John's back for Mary to find and possibly question him about as he desperately holds on to him.
What if John felt the same about her? Sherlock had never seen John flirt back, but what did he even know about John's methods of courting another.
They reach Holmes Manor a little after midnight and while John tends to the horses Holmes stands in the corner of the stables and just looks at him.
John lays on his good side and I shape my body against the curve of his back. I drape my arm over him possessively. My need to hold him close has only grown with every single minute that has passed ever since he walked through our front-door tonight.
The paramedics have now put Sherlock on a stretcher. His naked body is covered with a blanket and he is tightly secured with several straps.
'I'm sorry sir, but I'm going to have to take of your cloak', John said, but it appeared Holmes wasn't really hearing anything he said anymore.
But this morning I had to choose between facing my mother and her knowing looks over the breakfast table or standing around outside of the school cold and alone and awkward.
Molly actually laughs now. Somehow the sound is  not nearly as sad as I had thought it would be. Her laugh is quite pleasant. It's soft and breathy and honest and puts me at ease just a little bit. So I decide to just ask her:
His belongings, his books, his clothes, everything.....it's all untouched.....exactly as it was when he left for Eton.
Again, his instinct is to reply with an insult. He's used “eat a cake” a couple of times.....but this time he just doesn't feel like it. The words feel stale and old and he cannot seem to be able to make them leave his mouth. He has a distinct feeling that they've moved on. Moved past that. Maybe they've both grown up.
Part of me starts to hope that, maybe, it's just one of the cleaners who has stumbled upon the mess I currently am and is just trying to contemplate whether they should ask me to leave or just clean around me but then.....then...there is a hand on my shoulder.....its touch soft and warm and oh so familiar and I practically melt into it as everything I am seems to suddenly ignite from just the gentlest touch of those familiar fingers.
I can't make any promises about when the next chapter will be up but I will certainly try my hardest to not make it take literal months this time.
Sherlock is all too aware that, whatever John will ask of him, he will most definitely always say yes.
So, instead, he gets up and opens the wardrobe....which apparently doubles as the worlds supply of velvet, lace and satin.
As soon as Sherlock had collapsed John had tried to remember what he knew about CPR while he called the emergency services.
Mr. Watson gives another short laugh before he continues again. Apparently Sherlock's input is not needed.
But I don't want words right now. His words have only managed to hurt me today. I just need his body, his skin, his hands and tongue and warmth.....and the lie that this is not an ending and a goodbye but a new beginning instead.
As if they hadn't sat side by side on the floor leaning against John's bed. Their arms and legs pressed close together in the dark while John's head rested on Sherlock's shoulder as their fingers slowly intertwined.
Mycroft would wear nothing but black and a melancholy look on his face every single time. A silent mourning for the one that should have been there but wasn't.
Sherlock gives him a radiant smile. The same smile he smiles when a complicated experiment goes just the way he predicted it would go or when he solves a very difficult mathematical equation......John feels his stomach do a strange flip.
It was she who had ridden the white horse in an attempt to trick the lovers and send them both to their doom.
He would have put his ear to the wall, listening to the steady pulse that beat reassuringly behind it, if not for the fact that that also meant covering himself in even more blood.
Holmes had been standing by the side of his bed. Once again that sad look had been on his face as he gingerly had stretched out his hand and oh so carefully had run his fingers across Johns cheek.
So, in the end, it really is not surprising that, when John lays his hand on him just so, some of his own magic comes pouring out into the room around them.
John feels himself strangely distanced from all the turmoil happening around him. He feels numb and cold.
At the end of the day John just puts all the books he doesn't need at home in his locker, packs his bag and leaves.
John's lips grace his skin in a barely perceptible motion but somehow Sherlock can feel this featherlight point of contact resonate in the depths of his chest.
“There is no need for either of us to go out today”, Holmes had said, “nobody knows we're back yet. The carriage is still at the inn.”
He had sworn to himself that he would make sure to enjoy every  moment he and Mycroft got to spend together and paint the memories of them inside of his mind in the vibrant colours of spring. Every word spoken a melody he would still sing to himself centuries later and every gesture and touch planting a small seed in his heart that he would later make grow under the light of warm recollection.
But the truth is that he doesn't know what John is doing here. He's never had the courage to go in and ask.
He groans and rubs a hand over his eyes. He finds he only has one arm free to move. The other is strangely pinned down to the mattress underneath.
Mainly because it was his introduction to Shakespeare and also, not in a small part, because when Sherlock, still a young boy, saw Kenneth Branagh in the role in the 1996 movie he had somewhat of a sexual awakening.
“He hasn't invited you to come and watch the game tomorrow afternoon? Just about the entire school is going to come and cheer us on! There'll be a big party on the rugby-field afterwards.”
Sherlock feels he has to ask. If not in the privacy of his own room, under the cover of the darkest hours of the night in the glow of an intimate fire then when?
He hadn't felt this good in months. He was flying high and he was pretty sure that nothing on earth could possibly bring him down.
“Do not travel unless you can close off your mind and heart completely from all outside influences.”
John tried to get most of the blood out of Master Holmes hair, but he soon concluded this was a task that had to wait for the morning. When there was a little bit more light and he wasn't quite so tired.
Sherlock hoists himself to his feet as Watson hands him the medallion. He seems to be almost glad to get rid of it again.
John closes his eyes again as he leans himself back against Sherlock. It feels good. He's missed this. So much. He's missed it like a drowning man misses breathing. They fit. In everything. This is right. This is.....
“Don't”, Sherlock says, “when we're back at Holmes manor in two weeks we can be Master and servant again if that's what you want. We will never speak of this again if that's what you prefer. But out here things might be dangerous......you saw how Finn found me.....out here I need you as an equal. I need you well rested and I need you close by. So....for your own safety as well as mine....and for the love of God.....just....stop worrying and go to sleep.”
And so Sherlock lets the planets and stars gently dance along in the room around them as he answers John:
John looked around him for a moment. Uncertain. He would go with Finn. There was no doubt in his mind. But going would also mean he would lose his job. He doubted Lady Holmes would take kindly to him just up and going wherever he pleased for who knows how long.
There is nobody else who can possibly know about John and I, John's made sure of that. He systematically ignores me if we're anywhere where other people can see us.
As another rush of heat came over him, each one worse than the one before, his stomach cramped and he closed his eyes tightly as his mind took him to the last time he had been worried Sherlock would not be there....
I still feel the same way about John as I did when it was just the two of us on a beach in the summer sun.
Left there by my mother no doubt. It's at moments like this that I realize I tend to forget she was young once too.
This strange sense of hazy euphoria comes over me but before I know what to do with it he has his hand around me. His fingers are covered in us. His own emissions and my pre-cum making the slide of his fingers so smooth and wonderful that it only takes him about three pulls before I come as well, adding to the mess that's already between our bodies.
“So you'd never lie to me?” John is setting up a trap. He's choosing his wording carefully. But a trap for who.....he's not quite sure....for himself?.....for Sherlock?.....either way, whatever Sherlock answers, they are both about to step into a minefield from which there will be no returning.
By now Molly Hooper has reached them. She is slightly out of breath and her chest flutters underneath her lilac summer dress like a frantic bird.
He tries not to focus on them, drown them out with his own thoughts, but they only seem to get louder when he closes his eyes.
In the aftermath of their trip to the field Watson might finally get some clarity and Holmes finds himself in trouble.
After a week or so the apartment had been emptied out completely anyway and after two months someone new had moved in.
And then the man finally looked at John himself and even the look in his eyes felt wrong and out of this world and in a reflex John lifted his hand to his chest where the medallion was hidden.
Deep down Sherlock knew he should be glad about this but still.....somewhere inside him a feeling of jealousy stirred again.
Molly Hooper is still a young child and he doubts the Order will be very interested in tea-parties with make-believe guests.
Dark clouds are gathering, heavy with the promise of rain, and he suspects he might not get a lot of work done after all.
He gasps as our lips detach from each other. His mouth shiny with my saliva and a flush on his cheeks and he looks so sexy and I want him and I hate myself for
Once again they found themselves sitting side by side on the soft grass. Once again their shoulders, arms and legs almost touching.
'You dare talk back to me? Even after you clearly disobeyed my wishes for you to stay inside in the first place?'
And so he downs the last of his whiskey, sets the glass on a nearby table and decides to take matters into his own hands.
Sherlock moans as Watson's left hand finds and encircles the both of them while his lips and tongue worry the skin at the hollow of Sherlock's throat as he throws his head back.
I felt as if I had finally found a sweet cool spring of water after having been tossed and turned on the salty waves for so many years.
The day had been an exhausting one. With the outside temperature steadily rising he had taken it upon himself to get the estates orchards ready for the oncoming spring.
He silently wishes he could slick his hair back again so that John can run both his hands through it and un-tame it one strand at a time and restore everything to it's natural order once more.
Sherlock is not so sure. The glass she has been drinking from is now in his own hand. The liquid seems innocent enough but on closer inspection he can see small black specs swirling around at the bottom of her glass. He quickly drains its contents on the floor next to the table to make sure nobody else will drink from the tampered glass by mistake.
The 'please' really isn't necessary because of course, God yes, I want, oh how I want, I've wanted him like this for ages, I've been having trouble thinking properly with how much I've been wanting him.
Sherlock feels warm. Too warm. He feels as if he needs a shower too. And then he thinks about John and showers. And feels even warmer. He can't look John in the eyes anymore. He just can't. He stares down at his feet. At the grass beneath them.
Eventually, after what seems like a lifetime, they reach the kitchen. This room is dark and silent as well. Just as the rest of the house.
He had thrown up once more during the night and Sherlock had diligently helped him change the bedding. Pulling him close again when he got back in bed.
On one particular afternoon, after John had been visiting Sherlock for about roughly 3 months, the sun was hidden behind rows of drifting clouds and so they were lying in the grass side by side on their backs trying to figure out what the clouds looked like.
In his memories those days spent there are full of light and warmth and happiness and sunshine and......
He swallows. There's a lump the size of a peach in his throat. He starts typing out a reply. His hands won't stop shaking.
He closed his eyes tightly and turned his head away from the 'Maiden's tear'. He did not wish to think on his future problems right now.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. Not bad indeed. It was worse than bad. It was the worst. He's eager now for his turn to read and his hands slightly tremble as Molly finishes her part. She's chosen one of Helena's Monologues.
The only times where he actually interacted with John during their class was when Mrs. Scott made them go through scenes where they both had lines.
If its structure is rigid and the ending set and we are all fools for trying and hoping for something different this time.
I don't know what to say. What I want to say and what I should say are two entirely different things and I can't seem to be able to find a proper middle-ground between them.
He always seems to be able to tell when Sherlock has a headache....or a hangover....or both......or....
“You told me I was the sun......”, John laughs again. He sounds nervous, “and I told you that if I were that.....then.....you'd be the moon......”
Whenever he wondered to himself why on earth his father would have married a woman as thoroughly unpleasant as her he was reminded of this character trait of hers and it all made a little bit more sense. He had learned long ago to pick his battles.
As Mycroft's slick black car pulls up beside him he stops walking and closes his eyes as the rain accosts his skin and hair.
Sherlock can taste them, hear them, feel them......they weave themselves in between every single one of his cells until he is no longer sure where he even begins or ends.
“You have summoned me and I have come”, he says and his voice echoes around them as it is carried upwards by the sloped walls.
He can't quite make Sherlock's face out clearly in the dark but he's pretty sure he's being given that boyish grin that he's grown so fond of ever since they moved in together.
'It should be here in about two weeks', he answered his father. His tone dejected as he refused to look him in the eye. The rain was still pouring down, making it hard to see out of the window. The sky, packed with clouds, hung overhead like a big, gray feather down blanket so thick that you couldn't even see the sun.
Thinking of John will only make him think of John's girlfriend and the fact that John is not gay and that John doesn't know the truth about him, about the drugs, and if John did know......
“That's that boy who has a crush on you”, Mycroft says.....and Sherlock's world seems to slow down and then stop.
When dawn finally arrives Finn and Sherlock  have come to the agreement that Finn will travel with Sherlock as far as Holmes Manor. Once they arrive their ways will part and Finn will travel on to the residence of Molly Hooper alone. He will try and find a way for them to see Miss Hooper without interference from her aunt. Once he has done so he will send a message for Sherlock and Watson to join him at young Molly's house.
If you are: thank you. I have every intention of completing this story. Updates might not always be very regular.
The last time he had still been a child. It had been the first ball he had been allowed to attend. Until that day he had only been able to daydream about the bright lights, music, clothes in every colour imaginable and throngs of interesting people.
Where John has decided, for lord knows what unfathomable reason, that playing a prank on Sherlock and locking him inside was a “funny” thing to do.
Every now and then he will put his own eye to one of the cracks between his world and the next and he will peer beyond.
After a sleepless night spent riding his horse as fast as he could while the winter-night slid its cold, harsh fingers beneath his clothes and under his skin.
Literally everybody seemed to think she had murdered Holmes and his oldest heir in order to seize control over the estate. But with no proof to back up this theory the stories soon quieted down and the youngest Holmes son, named Sherlock, was forced to take control of the estate at just 19 years of age.
Once again he shifts in his chair. The fingers of his right hand draw a circular pattern on the table. He cannot seem to keep them still.
If he stays with Sherlock, Morgana will eventually find him. She will do unspeakable things to him and, if he's lucky....maybe....after she's done playing, she will kill him.
Sure the figure had their head bent down low like the others, shoulders hunched, but he knew Sherlock, knew his body, intimately.
His own hands and arms grasping claws as they reach for Watson, finally settling on his backside.....pushing....pulling.....
The news of John coming out as bisexual spreads across the school like wildfire over the next couple of days.
He drew his blankets closer around him and figured it would not dwell to think on such ominous and ghastly visions so close to the witching hour and turned his thoughts to what had happened about a week later. When Holmes had visited him again.
The smile on John's face is now a rather sheepish one as he scratches the back of his neck. It's a rather adorable look on him.
Sherlock, obstinate as ever, had used up most of his time sighing and mumbling complaints underneath his breath while his short fingers drew patterns in the fine layer of dust on the desk absentmindedly.
Much, much later John had tried asking Harry why she thought their father had done it. If she had noticed anything wrong. Anything at all.
A companionable silence fell over them for a couple of minutes. Both of them catching their breaths as their shoulders brushed together much as they had done in the bus.
'Mmm, alright', the man slurred. His was voice dark and deep as the storm that was still brewing outside. It clearly took him quite some effort to speak.
Watson had once again rubbed his shoulder, it must have been bothering him an awful lot today, Sherlock had seen him trying to reposition his arm and kneading it with his other hand time and time again. Ever more frequently as the day wore on. Sherlock has developed this theory that emotional stress aggravates Watson's physical complaints.
John knew exactly what he was asking for and he wanted that too. Without breaking the seal of his lips he gave the smallest of nods and used his hands on Sherlocks backside to gently pull him closer. That was all the affirmation Sherlock needed. He moved his hands from Johns hair to the side of his face and started to move his hard member in and out of Johns mouth. At first he set a slow pace and moved in small increments, but as John started to moan around his cock his thrusts became more enthusiastic as he moved deeper and faster into Johns mouth.
“I really don't want to talk about it. Not here. Not with you......When I'm here.....When.....we.....
John gives him a thoughtful, scrutinizing look for a couple of seconds and then his lips curl up into a smile as well. He stretches out his arm and before Sherlock can react he is being squished hard against his boyfriend's muscled and tanned chest.
'Does Master Holmes usually stay away for this long?' he had asked her as they were sitting side by side in the stable doors watching the sun go down. Their legs covered by a thick blanket. A cup of tea in their hands.
The fire in his eyes turns from red to orange, to blue and John knows Finn is talking about Holmes and himself now.
Blaming him was like blaming the sun for shining in your eyes. All you had to do to avoid it was just look the other way.
The faster his horse ran, the closer he got and the louder his heart beat and the more he was starting to feel that something was wrong.....terribly, horribly wrong.
Finn closed the door behind him and all of a sudden John felt more tired than he had been in ages. The bed Holmes was laying in was large and inviting and Holmes was only using less than half of it at the moment. Carefully John laid himself down on the edge furthest away from Holmes. He just needed to catch his breath for a couple of minutes. His shoulder was killing him. He'd move to the chair in the corner of the room in a moment and sleep there the rest of the night. He'd get up in just a moment. John yawned. His eyes drooped shut and within seconds he was fast asleep. And this time around no dreams came to haunt him.
His face is buried in the dip just between my pelvis and my hip and his laughter feels like pop rock candy on my skin. Sweet bursts of pure joy and electricity and I can't help but laugh with him.
In those early days, when he had first met her, he had always thought of her as an open book, honest and incapable of lying, but now.....he wonders whether she has just suddenly acquired the skill or....maybe......she has been terribly good at lying all along and he is just now catching on.
He allows himself a full minute to, once again, take in the sheer loveliness that is a sleeping John Watson.
He looks at me and gives me a faint smile and he is just beautiful and this movie is a little bit over 2 hours long and I'm not sure if I'll survive 2 hours of this. Sitting this close to him and feeling as if every cell in my body is about ready to implode in on itself like a giant supernova.
John had Sherlock right where he wanted him; reduced to incoherent moans, his back pressed against a wall, eyes slowly closing, long lashes fluttering and his legs trembling in an effort to keep himself standing. At the mercy of Johns every whim even though John was the one on his knees. Sherlock gave himself over to John completely. Without fail. No hesitation. No questions asked.
'Yeah, yeah', Sebastian said dismissively, 'but this time we're going studying too. You can come study with us.'
Once again he glances up at Sherlock. It is as if his friend has turned magnetic overnight and John is drawn to him inexorably.
As John was starting to make out what the writing said he suddenly felt all warm again, but not because of any fever this time. He whispered the words out loud and smiled:
It is perhaps because she knows that she is inevitable. She will come to pass no matter what. It is just a matter of time. And she has plenty of that. For she is immortal also.
They had been giggling and bumping into each other in the dark yard behind John's house under the watchful eye of Mrs. Watson.
He had rented out some rooms for the both of them and had planned on recruiting the local doctor to look after Holmes.
You are all darling, perfect and wonderful and should be bathed in heavenly light at all times of the day.
Sherlock doesn't reply. He can't. He wishes he could fly over there. Hang Bill with his own shoe laces and whisk John away in his arms.
And I know I've hurt him. I can see it in his eyes. The warmth is slowly seeping out of them. Maybe it's my cold heart finally getting a hold of him too.
For just a moment he thinks Holmes has left him alone without a single word yet again but then the sound of someone trying to quietly put on their boots reaches his ears.
Every mage has to face The All alone. It had been that way back then and it is the way of things now.
John did his very best to not let his eyes stray to the patch of dark curls that surrounded Holmes' member.
The tree is the same one they sat under only a couple of days ago. Seeking shelter from the rain. Huddled close together. Damp naked skin pressed against damp naked skin.
John feels every single particle as it passes through him first only to end up in Holmes' strong and capable hands.
“Hey”,  Sherlock replies. He tries to smile too but he finds he's too stunned to form any sort of facial expression at the moment.
“It's not like it's a secret over here....well.....John probably still thinks it is”, Bill laughs nervously and Sherlock just wishes he would stop talking. He wants to hang up. Disconnect the line. Stop this from happening. But somehow he seems to have become paralyzed as he presses the telephone so hard against his ear that it actually hurts.
Stupid John with his eternal button-up shirts. His silly, bright smile and his soft blond hair that seems to......almost glow when the sun hits it.
The girls his stepmother made him dance with were bland and boring and he had come to realize that girls were not really his area anyway.
His sisters eyes had welled up with tears as she had turned her face away. John had never asked her again. She was right. What was the point in knowing?
John pushed himself up fully now and sat on his knees beside Sherlock. An equally serious look on his own face.
Sherlock places his own hands on John's chest where he first feels the rumble of John's moan before it makes its way through his throat and past his lips where Sherlock can taste it as he swallows it with his own.
The atmosphere in the truck is uncomfortable and Sherlock wishes he'd chosen another opportunity to take his maiden voyage in John's car.
The whites of his eyes streaked through with red, pupils blown wide, nostrils flaring, his hands forming clenched fists shaking at his sides as a vein at the side of his neck bulged dangerously.
Even as a child he had thought John a sight to behold. A golden angel. The embodiment of Helios the Sun-god himself.
And then there were his lips. Full lips shaped into a lovely Cupid's bow, slightly parted as Holmes breathed calmly through them. He appeared to be fast asleep now. He had an elegant but otherworldly fairy-like grace to his features. The effect only slightly ruined by the unkempt mop of dark curls that grew on top of his head and framed his face.
“Oh”, he says, “I.....that's.....okay....too bad....can I at least have your number so we can maybe go and have fun some other time?”
'Don't you think it's a little bit too warm in here?' the alpha said as his breath ghosted over John's face and seemed to cling to the skin of his cheek and neck even after he had stopped speaking.
It's another sweltering hot day and John wipes the sweat of his brow as he deepens the carved lines of the “H”.
He opens the button and starts on the zip and if I hadn't already been hard I sure as hell would have been now.
“So you are looking for a weapon but you don't know what it looks like and you're not even sure where it is or if it exists at all?”
He has completely turned Sherlock's life upside down. Has made him see and experience things he never thought were possible. Gave him a new outlook on life.
He wasn't given much time to think however, because just as his breathing started to even out the doors he had closed only minutes before were opening again.
John feels his face flushing. He'd rather not be reminded of that particular incident but since they'll be stuck in close proximity for at least 2 more hours he might as well bare all.
“Now why would I want to do that?”, again his reply is full of teeth. He's not sure if he means it or not. At this point he's just a frightened and cornered animal ready to lash out at anyone who dares to come close.
Sherlock feels uncomfortable and nervous. If the weapon has indeed been activated....if Watson is indeed the only one who
Now that his absolute worst fears have come to life and they have come to the conclusion that, not only is Watson the weapon sent to save the world...or at least....holds the power of the weapon within him, but he also needs Sherlock by his side to activate him.
During the two to five days it usually lasted no servants were allowed to go into his rooms and his father usually just did his very best pretending that, for the time being, he did not exist at all.
# In the ballad Tam Lin does ride the white horse and it helps Janet recognize him amidst the other knights.
It's been a long time since John has felt this nervous. He looks down at his body as he straightens the sleeves of the brand new suit that Holmes bought for him.
Finn's smile returned for a fraction of a moment before it was replaced by a serious expression again.
John loves Holmes' hair. He loves running his fingers through it. He loves how the simple and yet intimate ministration always seems to calm and relax Holmes.
He is partially covered by sheets and blankets but from the waist up Sherlock can stare and marvel at him to his heart's content.
And now he was left waiting like some kind of damsel in distress. Twiddling his thumbs as he sat idly by, unsure and uncertain, until the real heroes returned.
He smiles and it's honest and light and private and just for me and.....then I notice something else.
He finds that, after all that has happened, he's having a hard time controlling his thoughts and emotions.
And with every second that passes he can feel John and his warm smiles slip away from between his fingers like sand.
And when Sherlock looks back there is a smile on John's face and the sight of it immediately makes him look away again.
He still finds himself pressed against John's side, albeit not quite as roughly anymore, with John's arm draped loosely around his shoulder and John's cheek against his temple.
“I'm just wondering what this guy's issue is”, he says, “sounds to me like he might be leading you on.”
The rest of the afternoon was over before John knew it. This had been the case the last time as well. There was just something about Sherlocks company and the pleasing tone of his voice that made John forget all about time.
And then John will tell him about his new girlfriend. Maybe this time he's finally found someone to go steady with for longer than a couple of weeks.
He rubs his nose with the back of his hand, his eyes still boring holes in the floor beneath, desperately pretending he's not about to cry.
As the last of the borrowed magic burns out, the threads in her hands turn to ash and slip through her fingers.
He should probably call Mycroft to come and pick him up but, knowing Mycroft, a car was most likely already on its way.
It only felt good and right for a moment. All too soon John realized how wrong this all actually was. He liked Mary sure, but as a friend. He loved her as a friend, but he was not in love with her. It had been the combination of his melancholy of late, his own confusion and not in a small bit the alcohol they had both imbibed over the course of the evening that had made him use her feelings for him to make himself feel better in such a cruel way.
It was all rather serene, but for some reason he felt ill at ease. He felt watched. And even though the sun's rays now shone directly on him he shivered once again.
His hand pulls away from mine and all that's left is a too cold tingle on my skin where his fingers had been just moments before.
Molly isn't quite sure which form she prefers and she finds she doesn't really like to think on the subject too much either.
'Sir, with your permission I'll put you in my bed for the night', John hazarded. Hoping Holmes was aware enough to understand him. But all the reply he got was a slurred: 'Oh, You're sssstil here?' and something resembling a nod.
The day went on, the sun following its inevitable path through the sky. Shadows inside the cave shortened and then lengthened again.
“Sssssh”, John grits out between clenched teeth, he finds it hard to talk and fuck like an animal at the same time. Too many stimuli. Too much pleasure. Too much Sherlock. Too much of everything.
'Oh, come now John, don't look so worried', she said smiling as she sat down and noticed the look on his face, 'I'm not going to eat you. Drink your tea.'
Slowly John stretched out his hand and placed it on Holmes' forehead. He was expecting the pale face to be ice-cold to the touch, but he found quite the opposite to be true.
My mother has turned back to her laptop. The sound of her fingers on the keys as loud as hammers hitting an anvil. Every time she picks up one of the pages or books that lie around her the rustling of it makes me feel as if I'm being buried underneath an avalanche.
John gives Mike another only halfway decent smile as he tips his glass towards him in a mock gesture of a toast.
He looked at Holmes one last time. Now that the adrenaline was leaving his body he was a bit unsure about what to do next.
The web of her spell turns back to inky blackness once more in Morgana's fingers. It had been blazing with light not moments before. The light had burned her hands, her eyes, her throat but she had held on. She is used to pain. She welcomes it. Loves it. Pain means you're alive. Pain means you're here. Pain means you're accomplishing something.
John was grinning from ear to ear when he walked into the library the next Thursday. As soon as Sherlock saw him he just sighed and shook his head.
Now she's waving me over while the rest of their group is giving me strange looks. I don't think any of them really know who I am.
And then someone had stirred next to him. And he had recognized him immediately. John's messy blond hair softly glowing in the moonlight like a halo. Softly sighing as Sherlock's tossing and turning reached him in his sleep but was not quite enough to wake him up.
I'm sorry this update took so much longer than I wanted. I just have a busy day job and when I finally did have time to write again I crushed two of my fingers underneath a retractable ladder.....I am a mess.
“God knows you need it. The test is on Monday and Sebastian left with the answers”, Sherlock says with a mischievous smile on his face. John would like to kiss it until it's gone. It might take some time, but he's a patient man.
What if Sebastian actually has the answers to Monday's test. He'd be able to pass. Stay on the rugby team and win himself some more time to think.
If his heat finally overtook him there when he was all alone and out in the open with no alpha nearby to protect him....or help him......it would be agony.
To see how close Holmes himself actually needs to be for John to draw on his magic and use it as his own.
The riders moved forward still. A cloud drifted in front of the moon clothing the world in darkness and, for a few precious moments, making it hard to see.
John wasn't really sure what to do now. Was he supposed to leave master Holmes here, get someone from the household, escort him in the house himself....he wasn't sure if any more touching was appropriate at this point. He was pondering over the possibilities in his head when suddenly he noticed the blood. Dripping from underneath master Holmes sleeve from his fingers to the barn floor. There was quite a lot of it.
“Woah”, John says as his gaze follows the tiny specs of light up into the dark until they fizzle out.
And then there's also the way they sit. John usually sits next to Molly, directly opposite to Sherlock.
Wallace was only just able to keep from toppling over as he swung his arms around him wildly like some deranged windmill.
Whenever I found you moaning in your sleep, hands clenched tightly in the sheets, muscles taut as a bowstring, teeth grinding, pupils dashing this way and that behind their pale lids, tormented by an enemy that only existed in your minds eye, I would stroke your hair gently and whisper soothing words in your ear.
Not just because he was able to think straight in a stressful situation, but also because of something else. Something undefinable. Something Sherlock could not quite put his finger on. Watson stood out from the rest of the household members like a cool drink on a hot summers day.
A sudden breeze breathes new life into the fire and a small cloud of smoke and embers lifts off into the night-sky.
His lashes slowly fluttering open as he groans and rolls his shoulders and neck and the  morning sunlight dips and pools in the hollow at the bottom of his throat.
By the time the movie is over on screen the bakery lady is kissing the guy in front of a backdrop of Parisian sunset but in our version it's actually her twin sister and her lipstick is poisoned and they'll all probably die once the credits roll.
And so, however much he would have liked to spend the rest of the night with John, curl up together on his small bed, his hand on John's chest as he sleeps, comforted by the steady rise and fall of it as he breathes in and out and remains alive....and here......and.....
He feels the bricks of his mind palace shake and crack as the green wallpaper peels back and the candles flicker.
As it turned out this had been a grave mistake. With thoughts of Watson and the puzzle he presented swimming through his head he had not had his full wits about him while traveling the Shadowlands and without realizing it he had found himself too close to Morgana's lair while he was filing away some information in his mind palace.
His father had explained to him that being able to do magic ran in their family and was passed down from father to son. He had hoped Sherlock would have been spared this fate. Sometimes a son turned out “normal”.
It's late in the afternoon and the orange light of the setting sun once again frames his sturdy frame beautifully.
You can't seriously be ditching us again, John!', Sebastian shook his head as he gave him  an incredulous smile.
She does give me another hug before I head out the door. Her fingers gingerly card through the curls at the back of my neck again and somehow it helps and I feel a little bit more relaxed as I head for the bus.
Even after a couple of days he feels as if the walls are closing in on him. Every pointless, mundane task slowly rotting away his mind and soul.
And so, seeing his brother's patience wearing thinner and thinner he had decided to press just a little bit further.
I know it's just a story but this is not how rehab works, not how addiction works and not how relationships as complicated as this one work. Problems like this don't just resolve themselves. They take time and hard work to get where you need to be. Both physically and emotionally. Some people never get there.
The bruises on my arms and legs turn yellow and green and ugly in a couple of days just like I knew they would.
He's just not sure whether all this magic is here for them or if it's just waiting.......for someone else.
For the first time that night he felt actual hope rise in his chest as the shape in his arms changed one final time.
The next morning we take the bus to school together. Neither of us says anything while the bus starts and stops and then starts again according to its regular schedule.
Holmes hoists himself into a sitting position once more. The bedframe creaks as he does so. The sound seemingly loud in the quiet darkness of the room as awicked smile forms on his face.
The look on her face drenched with fear and sadness and John looks for the mask and the lie that it is but for now he can't seem to pinpoint the deceit.
“I'm sorry”, John says. But he's not really sure what he's sorry for. For his parents.....for crying.....for.....
He reforms it and then sends it out into the world again. Back towards Holmes. Where it collapses onto the malicious cloud surrounding him and swallows it like an avalanche and then it is gone, taking the blackness and its evil with it.
I roll my eyes and my mother squeezes my hands softly but I do notice the barest hint of a smile around her liips.
He gets back on his feet, ready to start his exploration of me all over again and I slide my hands underneath his shirt.
Sherlocks smile faltered for a moment, but was back again before John had time to properly register the emotion that briefly took its place.
How Mycroft had felt underneath his fingertips. The creases at the corners of his mouth when he smiled. How they had tasted as he reverently moved his lips over them. The colour of every single strand of his almost ginger hair.
“He's burning up”, he said. Unable to keep a hint of panic out of his voice. “Does he have any wounds?”
The boy was waiting for him to pass over his reins as well. Seeing him in the company of Finn, riding by his side even, the boy was not taking any chances and had decided to just treat John as nobility as well.
But I know he hasn't texted me.....or called me.......I've had my eye on him ever since Molly and I sat down and I know exactly what he's been doing.
'I don't feel well, Sherlock', his voice barely a whisper against the alpha's lips, 'make me feel better.....please.'
Finn found himself amidst a complete carnage. There were corpses around him everywhere. There were imps, mavros, necromancers and even dire wolves.
With shaking hands, both from cold and just a hint of fear, he quickly put on some clothes and made his way down the small set of stairs that led from his room to the front of the barn area where the main doors were.
Mycroft is just as smart as him....maybe even a little bit smarter.....although he'll never admit it..........of course he'd been able to figure out what was going on.....Sherlock wonders why, during all the weeks of summer vacation they had spent sharing a house, Mycroft had never asked him about it.
He hung his head between his legs and groaned as he silently vowed to himself never to drink again and to forget about his pursuit of John once and for all.
“I've found Hooper”, Holmes says as he points to a young lady in a gray dress seated at one at the tables, “but she's still with her aunt.” It is then that John notices a very stern looking thin woman in a black dress with a sharp nose and a tight bun seated opposite the girl. Her mouth is a sharp, straight line and every now and then she will say something to miss Hooper and every time she does miss Hooper will sink a little bit lower in her chair.
young and Mycroft....well....I don't think he's every really been young....and our world had not turned itself upside down yet.
Holmes' mouth a tense line as he constantly grits his teeth now. His face glistening with sweat.....
It manages to dull the sharp edges of the world somewhat but from the corners of his eyes he can still see them.
Every time he breaks up with one of them that part that makes Sherlock feel guilty warms up and springs to the foreground.
“Sherlock...”, he says again, “you don't understand......right now nobody knows it's me but once they.......if they......find out.....I just can't......I....”
And so Holmes leaves and John watches him go from the opened doors that form the entrance to the stables until the darkness of the night swallows his slender and tall frame.
By the outside world he was thought to be an irresponsible nobleman. Come into power at far too young an age. Gambling away his family's fortune and squandering his father's good name.
At the moment Sherlock is out on some case or other and John has just returned from the Scotland Yard Christmas party.
There are a couple of moments of awkward silence between the two of them then where Sherlock just tries to wake his muscles up by rolling and stretching them in the bed next to John and John just looks at him.
And before John realizes what is going on Holmes has hoisted himself upright completely and has placed himself right in front of John.
And as evening rolled around he felt cold, tired, but contented as he was making sure all horses were comfortable in their respective stables. All thoughts of the enigmatic master of the house had been driven from his mind once again.
Upon seeing Finn again John wasn't sure how he felt as both hope and dread fought amongst themselves in his chest to gain the upper hand.
'I won't', John pulled himself closer to Sherlock and, loosening his grip, Sherlock let him, folding his arms around John's waist and shoulders protectively as John brushed his lips against Sherlock's.
As she steps through the opened doors the sunlight streaming in behind her turns her blond curls into a golden halo.
Sherlock feels awkward. Extremely self conscious. Out of place.....maybe....even though they are in his own dorm room.
With both their heads hazy with pheromones it had been easy to give in to each other. Enjoy each other's bodies and take whatever pleasure they could get.
John stayed standing in the meadow where Sherlock had left him for just a couple of moments more, but being there alone with the sky slowly darkening around him and being able to hear the hounds but not see them felt unsettling and wrong.
As I hoist myself upright into something vaguely resembling a standing position I vow to never drink again and, shuffling, using the hallway walls as support for my wrecked body, I slowly but surely make my way towards the bathroom.
At the breakfast table there had been a strange spot on the upper right hand side of her water-glass.
“I think”, Holmes says, “that....under the circumstances....when we're alone....you can still call me Holmes.”
Smoke lifts from the hot liquid, whirling towards the ceiling in a soothing pattern where it gets lost in the darkness up ahead.
She's not sure what this means but somehow she feels that her vision is linked to Sherlock …..and his soldier.
John smiles so brightly that for a moment Sherlock thinks the rain has actually stopped but then another fat drop hits him on the bridge of his nose and the spell is broken.
In part in an attempt to get rid of the eerie feeling that has crawled its way underneath his skin ever since Mary walked in and also, perhaps, in part in denial of his current thoughts.
'Mr. Gregson, sir. He still works here.' John smiled back with what he hoped looked like a sincere smile.
Molly would recognize that voice anywhere. On dark and lonely nights when horrid visions of the future kept her awake she would often fantasize about its owner climbing through her bedroom-window once again to keep her company.
He dismounts and makes his way to the gateway that lies ahead. He leaves his exhausted horse to just do as it pleases. That's not important right now.
And Watson follows where he leads. His lips just as eager as Sherlock's. His grasping hands finding a home in Sherlock's jacket. Crumpling up the expensive fabric.
John moves where Sherlock guides him. His fingers a warm, reassuring pressure where they gently press into his hips.
John shut his eyes tightly. Why were these memories returning to him now....He shuddered as a cold breeze got under the collar of his coat. It made the hair on the back of his neck stand on end.
It does not take him long at all to reach the door with the room behind it where he keeps everything concerning to John.
“Hooper”, Holmes says again as he leans in closer to John. The blue of his eyes once again seems to have strange lights floating in it and John finds it hard to concentrate on anything else, “is also a powerful seer. She has had the most amazing visions and she is never wrong. She might have seen something about the magpie....or maybe she will be able to explain what it means to us. She has helped me out on several occasions before. But it's usually fiendishly difficult to get in touch with her.....I've climbed through her bedroom window once or twice.....we are in luck!”
Years ago she has made it a personal rule to never tell anyone who is being followed by Death that she has seen their Death.
Sherlock is pretty sure John is just pretending to forget how Molly takes her coffee. Just so he can ask her again.
His father just looked at his sons hands and smirked. Suddenly reminding John of a shark. All teeth and cold, unfeeling calculation. Not a bear at all then, but another predator entirely that had slowly been circling him, hidden beneath the sea of false security that had been drawn up around him. Trying to find his weak spot. And now that it seemed to have found it, it sunk its teeth in deeper and deeper.
Sherlock just held on to John. Soothing him as best he could. Whispering calming words in his ears and gently stroking his face and back until the tension finally left his body and he ran out of tears.
He is able to suppress the aggravated sigh he feels rising to the surface, but only just. There is absolutely nothing about Bill that he likes......well....there's one thing he likes. Bill might be able to get John on the phone for him.
His breaths flow in a steady pattern between his slightly parted lips as his chest gently rises and falls.
How it makes you feel as if you're the only person in the world that matters and how you can't wait to have it directed at you again and again and again and......
So he sits on his bed again. All the lights are out. He prefers darkness right now. His phone is in his hand and John's number is still in his contact-list. He'll delete it tomorrow.
Steady, calming, secure and, if he allowed himself to wade in too deep, enough to drown him for good.
Reluctantly John pushed himself back from Sherlock's chest, but Sherlock's hands remained at the small of his back.
He had a casual air about him. His hands loosely clasped behind his back, his feet slightly apart as he took in the stables with a sort of half smile on his face.
Ready to have the last of the cobwebs chased out of his mind by the electrifying touch of Holmes' skin on his own.
I would face the end of the universe without a shred of fear or unease if I was able to do it with you by my side.
It's because of Annalise Emerick's music.  The chapter title is the title of another of her songs that served as inspiration for this AU.
And, even though I tried avoiding it any possible way I could, that still feels an awful lot like an ending.
Together they carefully rolled Master Holmes over on his side so John could examine the rest of him. Holmes remained unresponsive and neither Finn or John spoke a word.
“I'm....sorry.” Sherlock seemed to be guessing at what the appropriate response to this piece of information should be. It was fine. It was all fine.
For a moment John's eyes go wide as Sherlock catches him by surprise but just as quickly the grin is back on his face and he wraps his arms securely around Sherlock's waist. Pressing their sun-warmed bodies together tightly.
Perhaps he's giving away too much but apparently the alcohol has gotten to him too. He finds himself much more loose-lipped than he usually is. He also finds he doesn't care.
“I approve of you too”, John says. His voice is soft and low and his lips are so very, very close, “very....very much.”
The walls rebuild themselves. There are more jagged points and edges to them than there were before.
I will be short on writing time in the next month or two, but I have not and never will abandon this story.
Going back to that time in my life feels awful but somehow it also feels good. I think I might finally be able to move on.
But today, with only two weeks left in his summer break and John's dark mood an almost palpable presence around them he had not wanted to say “no” to John.
He doesn't quite know how to answer. How to make John see what he sees and so he remains silent once more.
Whatever he has just said seems to embarrass John because he turns bright-red and slumps lower in his chair.
The curtains are tightly drawn because any source of light makes his eyes feel as if they are being burned out of his skull and his brain feels as if it's three sizes too large.
“I'm glad you came”, Even though the words are barely a whisper John's voice rumbles through his head and chest where he is pressed close against him.
For a moment neither of us says anything. There is nothing but our shared breaths in the semi-darkness of the room. I feel tense and unsure and I am still slightly out of breath from running here because I don't do sports like he does.
When he finally has everything unpacked he sits down on the far side of the blanket and gestures for Sherlock to do the same.
# Janet's father is a complete pushover. Maybe because Janet herself is such a strong character, but she certainly did not inherit that from him.
I sincerely hope I did our boys first time justice, I always have such a hard time writing the "sexy times".
At one point the bus had to make a sudden stop and as he was jolted awake as he lurched forward, for a second, his dream mixed with reality and he was convinced he and Sherlock were pirates on a ship tossed around on mighty waves as a storm plagued the ocean.
His words come too fast and too fluent. This is a rehearsed speech just like some of the other lies he told me.
He is reminded of stories he's heard of fish that live in the deepest darkest part of the ocean. How they have glowing balls of light on antennae on the top of their heads to lure in smaller fish only to devour them with a sharp row of teeth that lies behind.
