“As you said, I had already told the nation of his crimes,” Edward replies, “there wasn’t any reason to add his name on the List.”
Is this what Blithely, Reese and the rest of the support group had planned? Public outcry, the demonisation of Alphas? But to what end? And how can they benefit from this potential chaos? Or is chaos their ultimate goal? The only individual Sherlock can think of who would enjoy chaos for the sake of chaos, is Moriarty. He could hardly have managed to manipulate these individuals to commit mass murder with such a meagre reward. He must have promised them something else, but what?
It is somehow worse for Joseph Braithsworth. The business stocks plummet as shareholders hurry to wash their hands of any connections to Braithsworth. None of the employees show up for work that day, or the days following. His wife and daughter flee to France as soon as they are able, refusing to answer any of the calls from the slew of lawyers hot on their tails. Mrs. Braithsworth only gets through the day with heavy medication, both in prescription and liquid form, while the daughter dyes her hair black and cuts it short. Armed with a pair of heavy rimmed glasses and a fake I.D she boards the train to Berlin. She calls her stepbrother, but he refuses to answer the phone. In fact, he´s not answered it since his recent television debut. It’s perhaps better this way, she thinks. Now they are both free of him and can move on.
No, it was a gradual process, falling in love with Sherlock Holmes. A slow progression that happened over weeks and months until finally, after almost a year, when John finally admits that he is in love with Sherlock, he’s got no
“Are you really going to try and convince me you care about the man who’s planned all this?” She makes a small gesture with her gun that seems to encompass the room, Glen Reese’s still form and John.
“About 11 pounds and 3 ounces, well within normal perimeter,” Molly says, “though, from the excess of cheek and neck tissue, I am guessing the victim was overweight.”
‘Compress thirty times in a quick rhythm,’ his instructor’s voice flits through, calm and smooth. ‘If you want you can use the beat from Staying Alive, let the chest rise completely before pushing down again. Then repeat the two inhalations of air, remember to pull slightly away from the victim before you fill your lungs, you want clean air. Good job, Watson. Now, keep it up until the person starts breathing independently or an emergency responder takes over. Now, the average response time is 15 minutes, and that is a long time to keep up this kind of work, so in the ideal situation there will be two of you and you’d be able to switch. Now –’
He drones on for the next fifteen minutes about how Parliament will now be forced to open the debate about their demands, and how people in Alpha relationship can find help to expose their abuser and start a new life. The first of January sees a rekindling of the original campaign with Glen Reese’s sombre face staring at John from billboards and television screens as if is John personally responsible for his fate. The discussion of the death penalty flares up in small, angrily written letters to the editors. Why are the lives of Alphas considered more valuable than the life of the innocent people they destroy?  There are some crimes so severe and perverse that the only fitting punishment is to remove the perpetrator from society. Very few voices speak up in their defense.
It’s a narrow fit, but John slots himself against Sherlock’s back, his arms sliding around his slender waist, the palm of his hand pressed against his stomach. He rests his forehead against Sherlock’s knobby shoulder blades. He takes a deep breath. Closes his eyes. Lets his senses savor every sensation. This feeling is a result of Oxytocin, his medical memory supplies, the cuddle hormone.
Lestrade sighs, it was really the only response he feels he has the energy for. He combs a hand through his hair and walks over to the kitchen, praying for the possibility of tea or coffee. The kitchen is empty, and despite the grim and dust coating the counter, it’s the tidiest he’s ever seen it. He opens a couple of cupboards until he locates a mug and a kettle and a box of what he hopes is tea.
Christ, had he just been reacting to John’s pheromones? Had the suppressants not taken their effect yet? Did he really fall for  that…that ridiculous plan after all?
"I´m….I´m" John tries, looking at his shoes for his courage or voice or anything helpful. His sneakers are unhelpfully silent. His stomach is tying itself in knots. "Are you sure?"
“Maybe this is unrelated,” Sally suggests, “maybe it’s just a coincidence,” she tries to sound more convincing than she feels.
Detective Chief Superintendent Victoria Marlow appears on screen again,  a continuation of her earlier segment. “I have a promise to all those involved in this violence. You. Will. Feel. The.Full. Force.Of.The.Law.”  For a second, her composure falters her lips curls back in a nasty snarl. For the first time in years, Mycroft is reminded that Marlow, like so many others in position of power, is an Alpha.
He violently dismisses the memory and the effigy of Dregs dissolves into a thousand pixels of colors that scatter and vanishes. (Later, when everything is resolved, he will delete this memory and never allow it to mar John’s again.)
And then he leans over to capture John’s lips in a searing kiss.  John wonders if the kiss is meant to be apology and he feels his heart hammer frantically against his chest. Maybe this is all Sherlock is willing to give him, is able to give him. But he will take it, take all that is offered, and carve a piece of this in his memory- somewhere deep and dark where not even Sherlock has access to it. He presses up, up and into the kiss, digging his fingers into Sherlock’s curls and locking him in place so he can  hold the kiss until they must part for air.
By the time they reach the otters' pond to watch the feeding, there is a large crowd of excited kids pressing their hands and noses against the glass while their parents half-heartedly caution them to be careful. Sam goes stock still at the sight of the crowd and then turns to John, arms extended, his eyes large and worried. John recognizes Sam’s anguish when he’s torn between something he really wants and the obstacle that’s keeping him from reaching it.
Sherlock shakes his head and accepts the torch Lestrade is offering him. Lestrade moves to the door and opens it an inch and Sherlock can tell from the lack of sound that the corridor is empty.
Sherlock drags his fingers through his hair and steals a glance at John. John fell asleep somewhere between the third and the fourth round, elbow on his knee and hand cupping his chin. The position must be uncomfortable, but it is proof of John’s claim to be able to sleep anywhere and at any time.
“It’s been an odd few years,” Lestrade says. Sherlock reads his hesitation in the drag of his feet across the floor as he comes to stand next to Sherlock, studying the incident wall Sherlock has taped up over the sofa.
One of the corners is completely soaked through with blood, leaving a red smear when the package is placed on a metal trolley and wheeled down the corridor.
“He has no living relatives or any children. The only family connection is with his wife’s family, but they have not spoken to him since Isidora Nash’s funeral. They blamed Andrew Nash for her suicide. Isidora’s family is…well, it’s a bit hard to get a handle on. Her father passed when she was fifteen, leaving behind the mother, three older brother and one sister. The mother later remarried and had four children with her new husband, two sets of twins within two years. There’s also a couple of children from the stepfather’s previous family, a slew of uncles, nieces, nephews, cousins and…”
John gives a little nod before setting into his pie. For a moment the only sound in the room is the domestic clanking of knives and forks against plates and the clinking of ice cubes in glasses of water. Occasionally, Lydia will sneak a glance at John and smile. John will smile back, because it´s the polite thing to do.
John uses a fingertip to twist the book around so that it is lying straight in front of him, the lean handwriting of Doctor Fenway in stark contrast to the splatters of blood.
Sherlock grumbles, but complies, blinking blearily and carding a hand through his hair. It sticks up, tufty and ridiculous, and John thinks with a smirk that this morning sees Sherlock more like a caveman than a Renaissance angel.
Sherlock´s face remains impassive and something twists in John´s chest. John hopes Sherlock can´t deduce his emotional state from his diluted pupils or his heart racing in his chest and he´s suddenly glad that Sherlock isn´t all that well versed in sentiment.
Sherlock frowns as the unbidden image of Dregs appearing in front of him, tall and sneering, and his muscular arms folded over his ridiculous t-shirt. “It means that little Doctor Watson here is the live in houseboy, a servant, of Sherlock Holmes.”  Dregs leers at John and even in his memory Sherlock feels an overwhelming desire to protect and to claim him.
“Be quiet, John,” Sherlock’s voice is low and tight and John immediately swallows the rest of his words. Moriarty arches a brow at the two of them, his mouth twisting into a grin.
He glares at the two of them with thinly veiled hatred. "I´m not buying anything" he tries to slam the door shut, but John jams his foot in the door.
“We should…” John gasps, not really sure what they should do. Stop? Wait until Sam’s asleep? Continue? Take it to their bedroom and hope for a few minutes of uninterrupted time?
He needs to repeat it a few times before Sam responds, his hand movements jagged as he struggles to catch his breath.
Sam has one finger hooked into his lower lip, the other hand clutching the collar of Sherlock’s coat, both mittens lost and his hat has slid off to lie pressed between his back and Sherlock’s chest. His face is white with terror and John wishes they could stop somewhere so he could try and make sense of it all to Sam, but Sherlock strides forth with unparalleled determination.
But Sherlock pierces him with sharp, cold look before he averts his gaze, his posture angry and taunt. John feels his heart sink and his desire falter. He realizes that Sherlock is only unconsciously responding to his pheromones; it’s his Alpha that is acting protective and dominate, not Sherlock.
DI Lestrade stops suddenly and turns to look at John, his entire posture slumping as he releases a long contained sigh.
"Until you are Bonded by an Alpha you are at risk of being sexually pursued, harassed and I won´t sugarcoat it, assaulted by Alphas. Bounded Omegas are quite safe from Alphas, which is why many Omega chose to almost as soon as they present."
John pushes himself out of the sofa, gathers their teacups, plates, the cutlery and a couple of take-away boxes that smell so terribly that he doesn’t even dare to open them to contemplate the state of their content. He carries it into the kitchen, dumps the cartons into the bin and puts the dishes in the sink and hears his mother’s voice,
His head spins and he quickly grabs his knees, bending over to try and seize control of his vertigo. He feels hot and cold at the same time, clammy, queasy and slightly aroused. He feels Doctor Fenway move close to him and place a hand on his back. The touch electric and he brushes off the unwanted touch.
By Christmas Eve, Sam is still on the fence on the existence of Father Christmas. It’s impossible for a grown up to fit in the fireplace, as Sam demonstrated when he tried to make Sherlock fit in it. The reindeer seems impractical and it is impossible to fit a sleigh on the roof.
Not for the first time Sherlock laments the inadequacies of the English education. When is Lestrade going to learn the nuances and subtleties of language.
“This sort of pattern would only come from somebody else cutting her wrist.  Like this.  Come along, John.”
Sherlock rises slowly, his eyes trailing over the elderly gentleman standing before them. His brow narrows. He purses his lips.
“Well, Sherlock, John…you died and…well, he moved on,”Lestrade stumbles over his words. Despite the millions of things that Sherlock knows about tobacco ashes, the bacteria content in various puddles in London and blood splatter patterns, fundamental human behavior still stumps him.
When he slides his palm along his neck, he feels a small bump and dimly remembers Jane Hill sticking a needle in him before guiding him into the back of a police vehicle. He cannot remember anything after that and somehow not knowing how long he’s been out is more disorientating than not knowing where he is.
He’s not the same anymore, a nasty little voice reminds him. You thought you could preserve him here, in Baker Street, like a closed museum to your past and with John as the caretaker. Idiot.
“I’m going check the office again, I am certain somebody missed something.” Sherlock snaps the phone shut and shoves into his pocket. As far as veiled insults against the incompetency of the Yard, this one is so mild that John wonders what Sally said to make him lose his bluster. He watches Sherlock stride across the garden, and turns to Sally, prepared to have it out with her, but finds himself suddenly disarmed by the tilt of her head and the wry twist of her mouth.
“Glen-“ John struggles for something; anything to say until treacherous memory thrusts something at him, “you said you met your husband when he saved you.”
“Sure,” John says before Sherlock can voice his objection. If Sherlock insist on doing their posh Christmas shopping at Harrods, then John is going to indulge in Mycroft’s extravagance. He hands over his coat and Sam’s, and after a sigh, Sherlock shrugs out of his Belstaff and hands it over.
Moriarty found great pleasure in Sherlock's turmoils, because though his facade of unflinching composure remained, Moriarty was a genius much like himself and he
Sherlock wanted to leave. He would have left, but then he felt a sharp pain and then wetness, and he knew.
"Is this okay?" John husked, inhaling deeply, scenting his omega as he opened the large hand in his and palmed his cheek with it. Pressing himself insistently into the touch, imagining with his eyes shut that Sherlock was willingly cupping his face like he was most loved.
Setting the bookshelf at the right angle that in turned placed the leather chair as its center focus, Sherlock left the camera rolling and made his way to John. Retrieving the duffle bag, Sherlock smiled deviously at John as he moved to the chair and seated himself down on it, settling the duffle bag on his lap.
John pressed his weight into the people pushing him back and lowered himself close enough to reach out and take hold of a limp pale wrist. He struggled to find a pulse, but he held it properly and there was no beating of a pulse.
Confessing his love was easier now. Though he knew it was never welcomed, the affirmation that John wasn't replacing him with another omega seemed to make John's actions bearable.
John glanced away from the screen, stared down at the empty spot on the mattress where his husband lay the night before. Biting his bottom lip, his face burning red when the omega keened wantonly, John looked back up at the screen and watched the alpha suck on the mark.
“Yes.” John happily agreed, rising up into a sitting position, and the two of them set to work on undressing him.
.” John groaned; his thrusts staggering as his climax broke through in that moment and more hot wetness washed over Sherlock’s abdomen.
He didn't die. No, he was saved. Like so many years before, his angel came. Grabbing onto him tightly and dragging him away from the flames and into the cool night, and as his eyesight cleared from the smothering smoke, he stared up into soft blue and this time... This time John whimpered with pain and need - a need so great his heart felt the pain of sorrow that nearly destroyed him then and there.
John smiled sadly, staring out their window, knowing that their new life together was only just beginning. He hoped that Sherlock would grow to care for him, but John wasn’t going to lie to himself. The likelihood of that happening was slim to none. Still, John wouldn’t just give up. What good would that do? They’d just end up miserably alone together. No, John was going to show Sherlock the kindness, comfort, and strength of love, by loving Sherlock despite the consultant’s refusal of validating his presence. This love he held for Sherlock would surely melt the coldness surrounding Sherlock’s heart.
“Why are you on suppressants?” Irene broke the silence, entering the living area after showering, hair slightly damp.
So many things to think over, so many things to work through, and so many things he had yet to accept. Moriarty had stolen their future, a future John hadn’t realized he’d wanted so much until it was being taken from him. He’d wanted a lifetime with Sherlock. He’d wanted a family with Sherlock. Wanted it all with Sherlock and then Moriarty happened.
John’s sobs softened as his muscles relaxed and though he fought it, he succumbed to the darkness once again.
John immediately found Sarah in her office, told her he had to leave for an emergency before rushing out of the building and heading to Baker Street.
Sherlock set his violin and bow down on his chair and moved quickly to join John on the floor. Worry clearly evident in his eyes. John loved Sherlock, but Sherlock thought of John as a friend—Sherlock hadn’t said such in so many words, but John felt it in the kindness and care his omega expressed sparingly.
John's stare didn't waver from his own. Sherlock's heart thudded against his chest loudly, his veins strumming with feeling.
"It's a natural part of an omega pregnancy, John. You said so yourself. It's not my fault that my hormones make me want to...on your bed."
"I didn't report it, because I didn't know if I really couldn't feel it if it happened. They said it was a possibility, but it would be slight."
“It’s probably some technique he uses to solve cases.” Lestrade reassured the worry he scented on John.
When John at last entered Sherlock’s room, it was to Sherlock sitting at the foot of the bed, the rose petals remained, and one lay in his husband’s hand. The consultant fondly stroking at the soft petal in fascination of it and John smiled.
Inhaling John's pleasing scent, Sherlock shut his eyes and nuzzled against his mate's neck, wrapping his arms tight around John's waist, and exhaled all of his frustrations. John was right. He'd just go shopping again and buy more clothes.
So for the time being, that meant his flat was safe. If the alpha had it his way, he might sell it and force Sherlock to go back to that townhouse. Right now Sherlock's flat was his one safe place. But he couldn't stay forever, pacing the floors in contemplation, he knew he needed to do something. He needed to clear his mind of these daunting thoughts and focus on something else.
Gregory wasn’t even mad at Jean for being unfaithful, because although he’d never physically been unfaithful, he’d accepted that a certain government official had long since stolen his heart.
A sudden hot gush of slick burst from out of his ass and soaked his pants. Lowering a hand, he palmed his stiff cock and whimpered throatily. He needed. He needed so badly. He was locked away in his heat room alone, so alone and he needed to be needed. He needed an alpha.
"You're no better." Sherlock shot back, eyes crinkling pleasantly, face warm with love as they looked at one another jubilant.
Sherlock turned his head away and released John immediately, but John didn’t move from where he stood.
me. You left me to wither and die and then you came back when I'm on the brink of death, when I've given up all hope, and what? Now I'm just supposed to forgive you? I can't believe I actually - I wanted to try and move on with you, but I can't. We can't have anything together. How can we when you're having a child with your first?"
Gregory watched as a drunk John stumbled away after wishing him a good night and made his way out of the pub. Gregory remained as he’d taken notice of a young woman - slim of frame and blond - across the room who had been eyeing him for some time now. Smiling up at the pale features of the young woman, Gregory rose from his chair and walked over to her.
Smiling in reply to Sherlock’s evasiveness, John moved to stand beside Sherlock and stared out the window in front of them. John slowly leaned in and stood in Sherlock’s personal space. This was nice. Even with the embarrassment of what happened, John couldn’t help but take the vocalized acknowledgement of Sherlock’s acceptance of a deepening of their marital bonds.
Tears brimmed at the lids of his eyes the further he walked away from Sherlock and when he was far enough, John let the restrained sobs bubble out of him.
John’s face was blotchy, cheeks flushed, eyes red and puffy, lashes dampened from tears and deep blue staring at him in a way they’d never stared at him before. John stared at Sherlock with wonder and such warmth.
” Sherlock hissed, the memory of entering the flat that smelled so much of John and finding a temperate cup of tea beside a chair within the living room taunted him. Sherlock had missed John by minutes and this thought sent his body pulsing and anger boiling through his veins. The flat had carried evidence that John had packed in a hurry… and Sherlock knew Mycroft was to blame for that.
Sherlock snarled at the alpha, lips partings to reveal his canines in a demonstration of dominance. Let the alpha come. Let him beat the sense into him. Let him hurt him and cause him a physical pain so great it dulled out the emotional heartache. His omega was a fool to trust a slut alpha like his true mate.
Time stopped; the agonizing stabbing of his chest, the sickening churning of his stomach, however, did not.
Sherlock's mind spun dizzyingly as new thoughts took hold with the realization that he was irrevocably John's everything. He was fertile. He was in heat. John would knot him and in so doing... impregnate him. John would breed him.
“John.” Sherlock rasped thickly, kissing the welt more firmly now, scenting the sadness his action had caused.
What in the bloody hell was Sherlock even doing right now? He didn't do things like this. Watching movies and going out with others. It was foreign. Something not like himself. Neither the him of before, nor the him of now. This was out of his comfort zone.
When the movie was over they'd gone to an Indian restaurant and ordered their respective meals. John spoke of the movie. Telling Sherlock what he enjoyed the most, even though Sherlock hadn't asked it of him. In fact, Sherlock had hardly uttered a word. John did most of the talking, as was expected.
John's smile brightened all while he moved to kneel before Sherlock, pressing his way between his mate's legs, and holding Sherlock's gaze, John slowly raised the omega's shirt. Ivory skin glowed in the light, soft faint pink stretch marks carved several pathways along his lower stomach.
John shut his eyes, satisfied, when Sherlock’s hand roamed over his exposed belly and lips pressed against his head of hair.
“John, it’s so good to see you again. This must be your alpha. Hello, I’m Doctor Kathryn Levy.” Dr. Levy greeted, shaking Sherlock’s hand before moving to stand in front of John’s spread legs and seating herself on the stool.
“Fuck me,” Sherlock murmured, raising his outer leg, dragging it up and invitingly curled it around John’s waist. Raising one hand to combed his fingers through the trail of blond hair leading further into a patch of pubic hair and earned a chuffed moan when he wrapped a large hand over his alpha’s tree trunk of a cock.
Sherlock let loose a sound of pure joy, stood from his seat and engulfed John in his arms. “My beautiful John.”
John was so lost in his thoughts he didn’t feel the dip of the bed. When a hand reached out and palmed his cheek, turning his head to face Sherlock’s vulnerable and pleading gaze did he realize the alpha had moved to his side.
Sherlock burrowed his face tightly against John's chest hoping to muffle the rest of his words that came out. Influenced greatly by his emotional state and that of his vocal omega.
John should have known this past lover was better than him in every way. Why else would Sherlock keep the towel? Sherlock kept the towel because that lover was so important to him. Even now, the ghost of Sherlock’s past love was intervening in their marriage.
John could recall how his parent’s were reluctant in allowing him to continue going to school, especially after his first concussion, but John was adamant he could take care of himself. He couldn’t, but he’d learned how best to cover the cuts and bruises; concussions and broken limps were less easy…
“Do you miss me?” John asked what might seem like an illogical question for most, but not to him and hopefully not to Sherlock, because there was a separation between them. Though they lived together, though they were married, though there was no surmountable or physical distance, there was a distance of emotion, of a mental capacity.
"Shut up!" Sherlock screamed horrified, shielding his ears as if he could drown out the noise within his mind. The first time he'd heard the voices in weeks and they were too cruel.
“Your phone. It’s expensive, e-mail enabled, MP3 player. From the way you dress normally, one can infer you wouldn’t waste money on this; it’s a gift, then. Scratches—not one, many over time. It’s been in the same pocket as keys and coins. The man sitting next to me wouldn’t treat his one luxury item like this, so it’s had a previous owner. Next bit’s, easy. You know it already.”
"Yeah, well, be careful what you wish for... If I hadn’t come back, you wouldn’t be standing there and...”
Mrs. Holmes giggled along with the rest of the women who heartedly agreed they'd love some cake. Mrs. Holmes clapped her hands and rose from her seat, promising to return with the big reveal.
The moment they were alone, Sherlock dropped to his knees at John’s side, retrieved his phone and dialed for help.
Sherlock said nothing, just stared at him for several long moments, the edge of his mouth twitched as if to frown, yet in the end he nodded.
, don’t do anything for me. I beg you; don’t make the debt I owe so much I’ll never be able to atone. Please.” John wept.
Sherlock remained hidden, watching as John rose from the table, smiled at those seated, and said his goodbyes to the group. On his way out, John made his way to the birthday woman who danced with several other female co-workers and said something that made her smile brightly. The woman gave him a friendly side hug and then she danced off with the other women.
“Molly isn’t my mistress. She works at the morgue and I met with her today because of a case.” Sherlock said with a smile on his face and leaning in close to inhale John’s intoxicating scent.
Sherlock growled, not wanting another match, but knowing that was out of the question, he let out a noise of agreement.
“I know. I know that now. I just… I spent the night at Lestrade’s to get away, but we never… I could never, Sherlock. I slept in his bed while he took the couch, that’s why I smelled of him.”
John had an idea what this lesson would entail and with a moment’s pause, uncertain he was ready to learn if his suspicions were correct, he pressed the play button. Immediately, John knew this video was different. There were no interviewed experts, no commentary, just a video capturing an alpha prowling near his omega counterpart.
Sherlock’s fingers sunk in deep, twisted, curved upward and hooked on something, pressed firmly against it. In the next moment John was moaning long and full. That was it; the place that made everything spin and his body blaze with want and shiver with goodness.
Seven precious lives, maybe more, lost by hate—John didn’t think he’d ever forget or stop grieving, but Sherlock had been right. In time John would be able to live again. John was sure it wouldn’t have happened if not for Sherlock being there for him. Without Sherlock’s comfort and love he’d have withered away into nothing.
. The home was situated in the middle of nowhere and the lush green land surrounding the home most probably was a part of the estate, it spanned what must be hundreds of acres.
In two months John would start his heat. A heat he’d suppressed for twelve years. John was a doctor. He knew the effects of suppressants and what would occur during the first heat after. Going just one year on suppressants and then off, caused a heat cycle to be more intense. Sense of logic and control would slowly dissolve, until the first gush of slick was dispelled, then the individual would be driven to mate. There were even some cases where a beta or omega attacked their alpha counterpart. This was only after one year of taking suppressants. John had never heard of anyone going
“I’m happy…” John breathed weakly, tears brimming the lids of his eyes, “but I can’t accept what I’ve done to you.”
“Last night… Last night you said…” Sherlock seemed to fall over his words by the shock of John’s complete change.
The young agent opened the door and in stepped Gregory Lestrade. Mycroft nodded for the agent to leave, and the young man shut the door behind him, leaving Mycroft alone with Gregory.
A threadbare, dull—what once might have been a vibrant red, but now light reddish brown hand towel lay hidden under the cluster of fine socks. John set the sock in hand down to further survey the shabby looking towel in both of his hands.
“Mrs. Hudson?” Sherlock quizzed, taken aback she would be calling him at such an hour, “What’s the matter?”
Sherlock hummed weakly, seeming put out and John bit the inside of his cheek with nerves. The alpha ignored his unease and nuzzled his neck affectionately, seemingly amorous post release. John bore it until his eyes fell shut and he drifted back to sleep in the warm arms of his alpha.
Heather followed closely behind him and the moment the door shut she was in his arms, her lips crashing against Gregory’s. She no longer carried the same shyness as before and kissed him with educated experience.
Over and over again. Sherlock's breathing quickening, following the rush of his heart, and parting his lips, he keened with gratification.
The other cause of death for an alpha submissive was if their omega chose to completely reject them as their bond mate. This caused John significant pause and worry, because Sherlock was always rejecting his advances. There was a deep fear that Sherlock would one day grow to hate him and effectively reject him completely, renouncing him as his mate, in which case it would destroy John.
Shutting his eyes, willing his heart to stop pounding so loudly with nerves, he brushed his nose blindly against Mycroft's. The sharp intake of his breath and tensing of his body was Mycroft's only reply.
Seconds later John grimaced and turned away, hiding the guilt that might betray his words. Missing the sight of Sherlock clenching his fist against his mouth, then wiping his nose, while his face expressed the despair of John's words.
Glaring down at the man who was supposed to have waited for him and yet married a beta while he was suffering delusions and feeling his world crumble made him want to scream. Cry about how unfair the world was. Why was he the one who had to deal with so much? He'd suffered mentally for two years, felt his body slowly failing the last ten months, had to accept he was dying, and then all at once he needed to accept the care and love of the very alpha that had nearly sent him to an early grave.
“I hope you enjoyed yourself, because we’re not doing this again. It’s too much of a risk.” Mycroft needed to clarify.
Biting his bottom lip, teeth digging through, John whimpered helplessly and rode Sherlock with vigor. John bounced up and down harsh and quick, Sherlock grunted with each ruthless slam down and inhaled noisily with each rock up.
Mycroft for that matter looked hardly concerned, though John couldn’t understand why. Sherlock must have been home when the explosion took place, was it just him? How was everyone fine with this?
sensitive where his size was concerned. He'd give way to anger and violence whenever someone mentioned his size.
“…alpha, scent me.” John completed slowly, endeavoring to calm his breathing enough to say so little.
John cleaned up around the house, took Sherlock’s clothes to the tailor and or dry cleaners, and went grocery shopping. He’d nearly had a heart attack the first week after their wedding when he’d looked into his bank account. He wanted to be sure how much he had in the bank before going shopping for the house.
John couldn’t stand the arguing and stormed off, so frustrated he’d gone to Sarah’s place. She worked in the clinic with him and John liked her well enough, though when they’d first met it was awkward. Sarah was a beta and John scented the attraction she had for him. Beta and Omega partnerships, although rare, were possible, but those partnerships always ended up in heartbreak when the omega was married off and mated to their promised alpha. Omegas didn’t mate outside of their marriage to their intended; if one ever did, it was considered a breach of the contract the omega’s and alpha’s parents had signed long ago. John was sure that somewhere, there had been an omega who bonded with a beta and the emotional turmoil that omega must have dealt with would have been excruciating once they’d been married to their intended. John couldn’t even think about being with someone else, it just felt wrong. John wasn’t interested and Sarah realized this quickly enough. John was pleased that a friendship blossomed between them.
with their bond mates and we did it every bloody time. I never looked at another. We shared our minds, our lives, and our bodies. We were bonded in every way, but for the one way we biologically cannot be. So
"Sherlock." John rasped shakily, hips canting softly to follow the omega's strokes, cock fully hard now.
Sherlock stilled cutting his chicken to glance up at John questioningly. John blushed shyly, staring down at his own plate and mumbled, “Eat.”
Sentiment was a foreign matter to Sherlock. He knew this, but he also knew that what he felt for John was far more sentimental than anything he'd ever felt for anyone. Sherlock didn't want to place the name of what this was out loud; it felt too brittle to voice. As if... If he were to say it, his whole world would crumble to pieces, because he'd lived a life of science, not... debilitating sentiment such as this.
"Oh." Sherlock looked down to the ground, briefly wondering if he was driving John out, but then he remembered something.
John did as he was told, shuffling back and pressing his back in the gray chair, Sherlock's knees bordering his sides as he kneeled there.
Sherlock gave another hard push and gasped when the pressure around his omega hole vanished. A small bundle wrapped in a cloth raised up with the doctor as she stood from her stool and smiled at John and Sherlock.
“It is an important lesson that must be taught to all omegas, but you enlisted so young and when you came back, your parents were so distracted with tending to your injury and preparing for the wedding that they have left me in charge of prepping you.”
How could Sherlock possibly love John when he loved this beta with his whole heart? John’s brows furrowed with pain, unable to hide the agony that overwhelmed as his thoughts continued down a tormenting path of heartache and lifelong rejection to come. John truly was Sherlock’s obligation, his duty, and Sherlock was to forever be trapped in an unwanted marriage.
His human side and omega side both felt this was wrong, and when Sherlock guided John’s left hand to wrap around his neck, giving up what little power he had left and allowing John to do whatever he wished, John broke completely.
“Forget it! What they said is the truth and you’re no better. You’ve sold me to the highest bidder. I’m just some merchandise to you!” John wept harder, choked broken sobs bubbling out of him.
“I think that is up to John.” Victor kindly interjected and John smiled in gratitude: at least Victor understood John could speak for himself.
"I... I heard they have a nice Indian restaurant nearby, and it's about time for my lunch break. Would you...?"
fertile and in good health, even with his injury from the war.” Mrs. Watson broke in and John felt like retching.
John didn't know what to do to help Sherlock. Well, he did know what to do, but Sherlock wouldn't let him do those things, so all he could do was watch after him and be ready for any request the omega would make.
John released a gutturally cry against Sherlock’s shoulder, his hands trapped between their chests as Sherlock held him so securely. John’s eyes fluttered as his body grew weak and his sobs stuttered into a heavy exhale as darkness consumed everything.
“Please… I need it.” The omega beseeched of his alpha, bucking his hips up and connecting their hard lengths together.
John pulled away then and moved to seat himself across from Sherlock and started eating his own meal. Sherlock didn’t eat for a while after; his attention was completely focused on John, considering his behavior.
Sherlock merely stared, taking in the slight rising and falling of the alpha's chest. Watched as his breaths grew quicker and less measured. Pleased at the sight of John eyeing him with trepidation. Every so often his gaze would lower to the omega's lap and the bag that rested there. Full of things John was unsure of, but rightly fearful of.
"I'd particularly like to try something called reversed cowgirl. I read about sexual positions for pregnant omegas and I think I could do it if I leaned forward on your knees and rocked instead of bounced on you cock."
John pulled Sherlock back enough to swiftly grab one of Sherlock’s hands in his own and slid it under his button up shirt and jumper to plant it flat on his belly. Sherlock said nothing, but John noticed the moment comprehension dawned, his mouth went agape and a strangled noise dispelled from his mouth.
“It’s okay to be angry. Let it out.” Ella encouraged sensing the animosity boiling in the man before her.
Relationships, Mycroft didn’t do them. They were complicated, messy and required far too much vulnerability. When Gigi died, so did something within Mycroft, and he knew there was no way to bring it back to life. Even so, Gregory Lestrade troubled Mycroft. Gregory made Mycroft feel deeply, a deep fear, but sentiment none the less. This worried the gentleman.
Later, after they had solved the case, John seated himself in his red chair and typed away on his blog.
“Let’s just stick to what we know, yes? Stick to the facts.” John tried to reason with Sherlock, but Sherlock would take John’s consoling words or his rationalization of things.
“May I just apologize for the state of my little brother?” Mycroft courteously said to the older man.
.” The summons of attention came, panting against his sensitive ear and a full body shiver ran through him.
Sherlock didn’t reach full maturity at age twelve as most omegas did. It was strange, but given how lean he was, understandable. For thirty-six years Sherlock never, not once, had an alpha approached him with interest. He didn’t fit the normal characteristics of an omega. Omegas were short, full figured, and had wide set hips. Sherlock was tall, slim in frame, and had boney, narrow hips. Naturally, alphas thought his form to be unattractive and believed in the superstitions that such an omega would be unable to birth them sufficient pups. It was ridiculous as Sherlock’s gynecologist mentioned time and time again how
John shut the door and stared at Sherlock expectantly, waiting to hear what he had to say. Sherlock stood to his feet and stared angrily at John.
“I’ve missed something, haven’t I?” John tried for casual, but when he met Sherlock’s eyes and the alpha broke eye contact with him, something within John wilted.
“Okay.” Mycroft exhaled the breath of air he’d held for so long and with it the rest of his resolve.
Sherlock's eyes snapped open, his skin was on fire, mind swirling with a dizzying amount of thoughts. The most important of them all was,
Mary didn't turn around to wave a last goodbye; she hurried her way to the taxi and got in. John scented the tears in the air before her door shut and felt a heaviness in his heart. Mary loved him and John would forever feel heartened that a strong woman like her had, but she would find love again. John believed that more than anything. Someone like Mary deserved to find love. Everyone made mistakes in their lives, but at least Mary was amending hers.
Sherlock only then noticing the complete and utter fear in his omega’s gaze and watched in horror as John stepped back and away. He heard the distant murmurs of disbelief as the guests watched his omega take another step back and the smile upon Sherlock’s mouth disappeared and confusion took hold.
John’s eyes trailed down Sherlock’s face to his lips, parted, pale and inviting, breathing erratically and needing. Not thinking of the consequences, John raised himself onto the tips of his toes, hands resting on Sherlock’s shoulders for support before his lips were a hairsbreadth away from Sherlock’s.
"I understand everything now. You didn't want this, did you? You only married Sherlock because you needed to save your sister, but you were trapped into this union and you couldn't get out of it after bonding. You said you like me. You like me, but you can't betray your union with Sherlock because of biology. I'm right, aren't I John? I don't care if we can never be intimate like that John. I love you for you. I... We can still be together."
Omegas began to show earlier than most, because of the large litter they were able to carry. Omegas typically began to show at one and a half months and Sherlock knew at that time, there was no way he could hide the fact John was pregnant with his pups. He truly didn’t want to hide it. It gave his alpha great pride to know his omega would swell up, but Sherlock also worried how John would feel.
“Practice makes perfect.” John mused happily, moving to suck the left side of Sherlock’s neck where the bond bite marred porcelain flesh.
when in clear sight of the NSY. John had even audaciously taken hold of Sherlock’s hand while he was in the middle of deducing a crime scene in front of a room full of NSY officials. Anderson, Sally, and Lestrade had gawked with astonishment. Sherlock had managed to recover far more quickly and finished his deductions while staring back at a fondly smiling John, scrutinizing him with an intensity he didn’t know he had in him. Sherlock never pulled away, even when he felt the situation and location were poorly chosen.
“What, in our bedroom?” John joked, making his way to the room and found none other than Irene Adler sleeping on their bed. “
“Bring them back! Please!” John was hysterical, but he couldn’t stop himself. He’d lost everything he’d ever wanted and he’d never realized it until it was too late. “Give me back our pups!”
"Now it's time to measure the belly. Let's see whose estimates are spot on; there is a lovely gift set out for the winner!" Mrs. Holmes cheerily exclaimed.
"No!" Victor cried, horrified, raising up his hands, as if he were throwing this catastrophe into God's hands.
His parents comforted him and delivered encouraging praise, while his sister stared on sadly. Strangers who remained walked over to him and congratulated him and introduced themselves, but John couldn’t understand what they were saying. He kept thinking about himself and his life that was forever changed.
Shifting rocked the bed and it took Sherlock a beat to realize he hadn't moved this time. That couldn't be right... Sherlock's senses developed further as his awareness of his surroundings strengthened.
"What's... What's so funny?" John huffed, holding off a tormented groan, Sherlock's pace was far too slow and soft for his taste. He really needed to come already.
"I don't wish to hear anything you have to say. I simply wanted to tell you a few things. This flat has two rooms. One is mine, the other is a spare. The spare will now be your room for the time being. Once my mind is healed enough, I'm sure I will be fine being alone for the times you wish to be with your wife."
Lestrade turned, and only then did the gentleman take notice of the D.I.’s state. Scratches marked Lestrade’s face, neck, and hands. The worst were along the left side of his neck. The silver haired man’s shirt was a tattered mess and stained with his blood.
Sherlock shifted his hips when John’s knot slowly abated and the two rolled over on their sides facing one another. John scooped Sherlock into his arms all as he slipped out of him and wound their legs together in a mess of limbs. Staring softly at his husband, John stroked ringlets of bangs away from Sherlock’s damp forehead and felt peace claim him.
The alpha submissive biology was a strange and fascinating thing for scientists. Once bonded, there were only two things an omega could do that would cause an alpha submissive to die. Alpha submissives lived for their one true mate and when their omega died, it didn’t take much time for the alpha submissive to die. Two years was the longest an alpha submissive could live without their bond mate before death would come.
Caressing the inner part of Sherlock's thigh, John felt his way to the root of his most desired upon location.
"That's true. He was a bad cabbie. Should have seen the route he took us to get here." Sherlock interjected, unsure as to why he was standing there talking lightly with the alpha.
“Was I what?” John sent Sherlock a look of confusion. Sometimes John found it hard to follow Sherlock’s train of thought.
“Oh, that’s good, then.” Mrs. Holmes chuckled and kindly wrapped John in her arms and held him gently, petting his hair much like a mother would when soothing their child. The tears that pelted Mrs. Holmeses shawl was brought on by the nurturing embrace that mothers were strangely versed in. It was a great comfort to John as he held her close and inhaled the scent of his alpha’s mother with fondness.
Mycroft stared at his reflection of the elevator doors, proud of himself when he didn’t flinch at the reminder of that day.
John exhaled a heavy breath and ran his hand through his hair because Sherlock wouldn’t abate. After they’d picked out the most important of equipment and necessities for their pups, Mindy left them to write up their orders and they wandered over to the infant clothing.
Pulling Lestrade to the side of the bustling officers in NSY headquarters, he stared with all the seriousness of the world.
"Now Sherlock, Harry can be a bit... unconventional, but please try to understand, and please don't be-"
Work at the clinic went by slowly and in that time John had further time to stew in his damning thoughts. John was an omega, just an omega and Sherlock was the alpha he’d been arranged to be with. That was all this was. Why the hell did John even think of allowing himself to try something with the man? It would lead nowhere. John’s purpose in life was to bring Sherlock a family, to care for them. He’d been lucky enough that Sherlock was allowing him to have a job and the freedom to go out when he wished. This was all they could be.
John burst into a fit of laughter; it was true, but definitely not appropriate for a first time confession.
"Next time I'm going to fuck you with a dildo and the world will see just how much you're a cock slut." Sherlock spoke fondly and lowered himself a fraction more to nose the alpha's forehead. He could hear John's breathless gasps, feel the tension filling the alpha's body, his eyes widening with a look of impending climax.
“You’ll hurt your back.” Sherlock offered, hopeful John would reconsider as this was surprisingly embarrassing, and yet Sherlock found it fascinating that John continued to hold him within his arm while remaining unaffected by his weight.
Mycroft was an alpha, but he was unbound for whatever reason. Sherlock had just bound himself with John, but their bond was still weak. Sherlock’s possessiveness was causing him to see his own brother as a challenger, trying to claim John. It all seemed ludicrous. A mediator was a platonic third party set forth to intercede and reconcile an alpha and their omega. Something tickled in the pit of his stomach, and before John realized it, a choked burst of laughter erupted from out of him. Four pairs of eyes snapped in his direction and John immediately felt his face go warm with embarrassment. Coughing awkwardly, completely astonished by his own reaction, he cleared his throat to speak and right his mistake.
“We’re married.” Sherlock answered, edging closer, eyes half-lidded, lips parting, slowly moving in.
.” John’s call for his alpha was muffled by his oxygen mask, but Sherlock gave John’s hand a firm squeeze, wordlessly affirming he heard him.
John might have paid more attention to the glass walls, but the small table in the center of the room covered with a white table cloth, holding upon it a small bouquet of red roses, two long white lit candles, and two culinary prepared meals, stole his attention.
His money he earned through his work was a decent amount. Not enough for him to permanently run away. But he didn't want to run away forever, he just needed... He needed to be away from Sherlock. He didn't want to see him. To look into those cold, unfeeling eyes right now would break John's heart beyond repair. He already had to subject himself to a lifetime of being cruely rejected and ignored by his omega. Never to have Sherlock's heart, nor could he ever give himself to his omega.
Silence was his answer and though he wanted to remain blind to the world around him, he unwillingly opened his eyes, and set his sights on his alpha. Silver eyes, expressive eyes, the most beautiful eyes John ever saw met his own. John's heart burst with grief at the sight of them. Sherlock, his wonderful Sherlock stared at him with devastation. John felt Sherlock's devastation, for it was his own.
Nudging John's shoulder, he watched the alpha grumble a disjointed sling of incoherent words, before dark blue eyes stared up at him with momentary confusion. The disorientation soon wore off and hunger filled those same eyes.
“I’m looking at you.” John held Sherlock’s gaze and stomached the hurt his heart felt looking into those unfeeling eyes, because there was no love to answer his own.
“John Hamish Watson, do you commit yourself to William Sherlock Scott Holmes? Do you promise to love, honor, respect, communicate with each other, to look to your own emotional health so that you can relate in a healthy way, and to provide a healthy home for children if you choose to have them; to be a support and comfort for your partner in times of sickness and health, till death do you part?”
“No.” Sherlock appeared upset by John’s inability to follow his meaning, shook his head hotly and clarified, “Could you ever see me as a man and not an alpha?”
Sherlock stared up at John expectantly. John stared back wordlessly for long moments in time, then puffed out a breath, stepped up close, kissed Sherlock on the lips chastely and went to the bedroom to change.
John beamed, eyes lowering to his cup of tea and spoke fondly at it, “I wanted to be sure you came back home safe. I made chili, if you’re hungry.”
Now all that there was left to do was wait for Sherlock’s return. Return he did, later, but not overly so, the pasta was temperate, but still well made and John really didn’t think food was the objective for tonight. Sherlock stepped foot into the home at 10:34PM with a look of surprise written clearly upon his face. John being dressed in his finest suit might have been equally surprising.
John came to see just how much his omega treasured Sherlock, because no matter how much John brought himself off, he was left unsatisfied. His omega had chosen Sherlock as his true mate… It was the only explanation as to why his fever continued to rise and getting off felt unsatisfying.
times by his parents, be he didn’t want to validate his intended. It was easier to just refer to him as ‘intended alpha’ so he couldn’t tie himself further to his fate. Hearing his name seemed to make everything all the more real.
John stared blankly at Sherlock, before seeming to finally snap out of the shock of it all and shook his head, 'no'.
Soft strangled whines slipped passed his parted lips, needing his alpha’s attention. His sister’s once comforting alpha pheromones were now a slap to the face, a painful reminder his alpha had discarded him and he was forced to exhaust his energy thinking and searching for his mate. Right now he shouldn’t be wasting so much of his energy doing anything but fucking.
John took the voiceless request and hurriedly unlaced Sherlock's leather shoe and carefully slipped it off. Tossing it to the side, John was able to remove his omega's sock with ease. Sherlock placed his bare foot on the ground before offering his other shoe to the other side of John's leg and the alpha made quick work of baring open that foot too.
"Good... That's good." Gregory raised Mycroft's hand he still held and planted a kiss to pale knuckles. "We can work our way up to that over time."
“I must recommend this nanotechnology bathtub. It has the best thermal ability of all the other brands out there.”
John would spend his heats with Sherlock, feeling the alpha’s detachment even when they were so close, knowing Sherlock would rather be spending that time with that fucking beta.
Sherlock shook his head, attempting to ignore what everything about this horrible day had made him realize. If he didn't say it, then it didn't exist. Sherlock wasn't changing. Nothing had to change. Their marriage was still in name. John wasn't going to leave. Sherlock could do this. Continue this civility they had for each other. Allow himself a closeness that could be classified as friendship. But in the end, nothing had to change. Nothing would change.
There were many things that Sherlock didn't do anymore. For a long while he'd been suffering mentally and emotionally. Feeling the pain of neglect and the sadness of being alone. He didn't talk that much to others besides when working. When he did talk, it was for necessity or because Mrs. Hudson gave him sad pleading eyes. But one thing he hadn't done in years was laugh. Sure he laughed sarcastically or maniacally, but never from pure enjoyment.
Daringly, John did what Sherlock had so often done with him and pressed a hand against the alpha’s shoulder blade. Immediately, Sherlock tensed against his touch, but did nothing more. He didn’t move closer to John, but he didn’t pull away either and this gave John a spark of hope.
She is looking well, John is glad to see. She’s regained most of the weight she lost during her infirmity, there’s a healthy glow to her cheeks, put there by time spent in the sun and good food. Her hair has been recently dyed and cut and she’s wearing a maroon dress with a matching scarf.
His distress must be evident in his voice because Mycroft hurries to say   “ Sam is quite alright, John. I promise.”
“What do you want?” John asks. A couple of elderly ladies pass by, stopping a moment to coo at Sam, before Sherlock’s sharp glare propels them forward, huffing and scoffing indignantly.
Alexander Lee Finkle had successfully argued for Glen Reese’s diminished responsibility for his own actions and paved a way for a lenient course for the judge. He was sentenced to counseling in low-security hospital and ten years probation. Glen Reese had been a bumbling, sobbing mess at the trial and the court had to be suspended several times to deal with Glen Reese’s hysterics. The last time Lestrade had seen Glen Reese was when his sentence was proclaimed and Alexander Lee Finkle had led a trembling Glen Reese to the antechamber.
Sherlock strolls over to the table and fishes out a picture of the front door.  The door is white and looks exactly like one of those hotel doors with a peephole in it.  He places the picture in front of DI Lestrade and looks at him expectantly. DI Lestrade stares at the picture and then at Sherlock.
Lestrade has recognized when not to pursue a particular line of enquiry and instead beckons Sherlock to follow him down the corridor towards his office. Sherlock may be able to function without food, but it’s well past tea time and Lestrade hasn’t had anything since a measly bag of crisps since lunch.
Hearing Dogs for Deaf People is an amazing thing. Check out their website here: http://www.hearingdogs.org.uk/
At his words, something changes in Glen’s expression. He’s suddenly pale and he looks surprised, almost frightened. “You’re not Bonded?” he hisses. “But it’s dangerous to live without an Alpha.”
He turns to John and waves him into the chair opposite his desk. “Your statement is on the desk. Read through it and sign it, unless there’s something you’d like to add.”
“I met their landlady, Mrs. Hudson, she had just been released from hospital. She said John moved about six weeks after the funeral. Didn’t even leave a forwarding address. A few days later some men came and boxed everything up. Mrs. Hudson hasn’t heard from him since. I even called down at the clinic where John used to work and spoke to a doctor, Sarah- something. She said John had stopped answering his phone, so they’d sent his last paycheck to his last known address, Baker Street, and stopped calling him.”
Lestrade makes a show of scribbling down this information, hating how this man has a reasonable explanation for everything.
“Yes,sir,” Hestia says, “they are involved with evacuating people from the area. Apparently, many of the residents are enjoying watching their home burn, while some are trying to run in and rescue their possessions, or family members.”
“I’ll talk to her,” John mutters while both Sherlock and the bodyguard move to stand next to Sam. “Let’s see what she wants.”
“There was very little blood found on the crime scene, wouldn't….”Lestrade makes a vague gesture to the corpse on the slab, unable to complete the sentence.
, Sam signs, looking at John for confirmation.  John walks over to the sign, scanning it for information on the animal in the cage.
In Mycroft’s kitchen in an upscale apartment on Savile Road, John Watson is also reading the newspaper add.
“Maybe it’s true! Maybe you do not care about any of that- but you do care about your intellect. It is what makes you special. Do you know what would happen if I take away your little Bonded pet? I do. I’ve done the experiments. Neurological decline. How would you handle being normal and stupid? Now -that- would be interesting.”
“Good afternoon.” He smiles but gets only a grunt in return as Burrell collapses into the chair. “I’m Doctor Wilson. Doctor McDonald, your primary physician, thought I might be able to help you.”
“Isidore Nash, formerly Isidora Oblak, her parents are originally from Slovenia, but she was born in the United Kingdom. Her father passed when she was fifteen and she is survived by her mother, three older brothers, and one sister.”
Yu’s career has never directly involved the world’s only consulting detective, but she’s heard the stories, of course. Everybody has. The brilliant deductions. The ridicule of Scotland Yard. His total disregard for propriety. The latest tales involved theories on how he managed to fake his death, and while there were a lot of rumors, grand conspiracies and an entire subcategory involving the possibility of a bungee-jumping-cord, the fact that Sherlock Holmes had yet to reveal the mechanism behind it all had only made the betting pool grow.
“Don’t be an idiot,”  (I will never admit it, but you are making an interesting point that is shining a new light on this case.)
Christ. John growls, as if this day couldn’t get any worse, how could coincidences could be so cruel as to place the one person he never wanted to see again just a few feet away from him.
In the end it´s not really being an Omega that shipwrecks John´s life. He´s shot in the shoulder when he´s trying to save the life of a wounded American soldier. His fellow soldiers and officers calls him a hero, he´s given a medal and there is a notice of it in the local newspaper that George and Lydia cuts out, frames and hangs on the wall in entrance way.
“Your passport and other documents,” Mycroft says and passes a paper bundle to Sherlock. He lets them disappear into his coat. Mycroft is certainly useful for such tedious affairs as paperwork.
Sherlock holds up the receiver, “I took it off the hook,” he says, “you’re going to be bogged down with stupid people calling in to complain about how horrid Alphas have ruined their lives and why you aren’t doing more to stop them.”
John does his best to prepare Sam for the journey, telling him about the car they will be taking to the airport in Inverness and how they will be going on an actual plane. However fond Sam is of motorized vehicles of all shapes and sizes, he’s deeply distrustful of the car seat and throws a wicked tantrum that lasts until they’ve reached the main road and John’s managed to scramble up a new game on the iPad.
“You know,” John curls a hand around the back of his neck and sighs, “getting on.” He shifts his weight from one foot to the other, his free hand settling at the small of his back.
Lestrade presses his lips to a grim smile. “We’re never going to get a warrant for Edward Blithely on these terms. We do not have a single, solid lead.”
“Should we stay and wait for the interrogation to finish?” John asks, but Sherlock simply snorts, “Boring.”
“John,” Sherlock says gently. John struggles forth a thin smile, and then he’s saved from having to muddle his way through the words lodged in his throat by Sam, who starts to cry.
“I’m sorry to bother you,” she starts again, “but, I need some help with the radiator and-“ she displays her hand and John sees that it’s wrapped in a support bandage. “I hurt my hand,” Mary explains, “nothing serious,” she hastens to add before John can even form the question, “I just need some help with the radiator.”
John fights the smile off his face, but Sherlock’s not quite finished with his decent into madness, because suddenly he leans over and kisses John’s cheek. It’s nothing but a brief, wet pressure on John’s cheek, but it makes him flush all the way to the tips of his ears. Then Sherlock spins on the heels of his shoes, and hurries back down the corridor to Lestrade’s office.
“Most research is focused on the affect of an Omega losing an Alpha, the Alpha´s perspective have been somewhat neglected,
“If only you'd submit to that Alpha you're living with, you wouldn't even be a blip on his radar, but no, you just had to defy your nature, and then…then…” he snarls, “ I read about how you learned you were an Omega. And I realized…” Glen Reese is trembling with rage, “that somebody actually did rescue you.”
“Who are you?” He reeks of cigarettes and cheap alcohol and his growl is like the rattling end of a snake’s tail. A man itching for a fight. “Why are you poking around in there?” He nods at 309.
Sam gives Sherlock a dubious once over and Sherlock realizes that he’s suddenly on the other end of a calculated judgment of his intellect and feels eager to prove himself of John’s merit. After a long while under Sam’s scrutiny, Sam nods to John and lets go of his trousers.
“He’s an Alpha as well.” John is almost dizzy with the implication. The unnatural amount of the spicy aftershave, he was trying to mask his scent. The dominant display of his body language. Trying to touch John. Everything he’s done has been an effort to make John submit to him without John knowing what he was reacting to.
"That´s not true!" John protests, but he knows that it really, really is, because he even ran away from Andrew today just to avoid an argument.
This time John wakes in an instant with a desperate panic, like he´s clawing out of his own grave. He can’t remember falling asleep, and in one terrifying heartbeat he doesn’t recognize his surroundings. Then he sees Glen Reese standing over him with a concerned frown.
Sally Donovan regrets wearing high heels. Even if they do make her legs look fabulous. She feels the ache of a long day at work and Friday Happy Hour. Somehow, having one drink with Anna Chapman turned into four and she knew she’d probably have continued if she wasn't on call after midnight. She doesn't intend to show up in work with a hangover, even if there’s no Sherlock Holmes to point it out and ridicule her for it.
The room holds its breath. Lestrade looks caught between astonishment and resigned amusement.  Crawford shifts his weight from one foot to the other. The loaded silence only broken by the sound of Sherlock opening the door and re-entering the room.
John nods, and before he’s taken stock of himself, he finds himself in the back of a taxi and on the doorsteps to 221 Baker Street. The rain has stopped and the morning sun has just started to paint the naked trees in that pale hue only the English sun can manage. There’s a bite to the wind that promises a cold day and chases John into the corridor to 221 Baker Street.
“I thought you said your brother's men had been over that place with a fine tooth comb,” Lestrade mutters.
The familiar announcement suddenly becomes a threat. “Train approaching. Please stand back behind the yellow line for your safety.”
“You've never had one before,” Glen Reese continues as if they're just sharing a nice chat about the weather, “my first one was terrible.”
“Nothing,” John replies, hiding his smile in his fist as he turns to watch the street pass by. He places a hand on Sherlock’s knee, not to still the movement, but simply because he can.
The autumn before John Watson turns seventeen, most of Great Britain´s attention is tuned on a string of extremely violent murders. There seems to be no apparent connection between the victims: a homeless man, a woman in her mid- sixties who worked for the Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals and the latest, a teenage boy found in a pool house. In fact, the only thing the three victims had in common was in the vicious, some newspapers even said savage, way they had been killed. The police are sparse with their comments and announcements on the possible suspect, and this, naturally, made speculations and rumors flourish. Soon the consensus of popular opinion is that the murderer had to be an Alpha, because nobody else had the strength to kill with such brutality.
“I just think it´s something I need to do.” Somehow, the more Lydia says she doesn´t think John would fit in the army, the more he wants to join, just to prove her wrong.
John tries to deconstruct that statement, wondering where to start: that Sherlock is planning Christmas dinner or that he invited Mycroft? As long as he’s known the Holmes brothers, they haven’t shared as much as a cup of tea together.
John turns to stare up at a broad shouldered man, with narrow eyes and the unshaved jaw of all-nighters. His thin smirk looks far from apologetic, but John returns the forced smile and ducks his head in acknowledgement.
Lestrade wipes a hand across his face, steering his mind onto another path. If Sherlock had been behind these gruesome murders there would be absolutely no clues pointing in his direction.
"John, you´re such a bleeding heart." Andrew rolls his eyes and turns away from the television to regard his friend. "We´re 17, not 70. You´ve got your whole life to find this….connection. You don´t have to marry every girl you date." Andrew pauses and John thinks that, for a moment, he looks almost cautious, afraid. "Or guys."
Molly is twisting her hands around each other. Knitting her fingers together until John half worries she´s going to break them. She keeps her gaze firmly fixed on the coffin as it is lowered into the ground. She cannot look at John.
Afterwards he’s allowed the blissful relief of a shower, even if the water is only lukewarm and the pressure is poor. He stands there far longer than is warranted, letting the pressure of the shower beat away the tension in his shoulders and back.
, Sherlock says, extending his arms to Sam. Sam stares at him for a long while, his hands clenching and unclenching against John’s jacket. Then, he gets this look of sheer determination, of the kind of stubborn streak that he can only have inherited from Sherlock.
Does he really like to watch the ducks at the pond or has he, like Sherlock, deduced the best ways of making John happy (because John likes ordinary things, sometimes, like walks in the park, the pub) knowing that seeing John happy made him happy as well?
John wonders how many hundreds of things Sherlock has deduced about their (possible) client in the short time she's been here. He's able to come to a few conclusions of his own.  She's in that indeterminable age-range where a woman can be anything between thirty-five and forty-five, but the makeup around her eyes makes him suspect the latter rather than the former. Her dress is one he has recently seen in a Marks and Spencer's add, but she is carrying a Marcs Jacob purse. He is quite pleased that he's able to recognize the brand. The purse is scuffed on the bottom and he guesses that it is second-hand. John is confident that Sherlock can probably name the model of the purse and tell the story of its previous owner.
It takes several minutes to calm Sam’s near-catastrophe-outburst. There are tears and snot and blue fingers from the crayon melting in Sam’s firm grip. Toby presses his nose against Sam’s knees until he abandons the pencil to dig his hands into the dog’s fur. John gently washes his face and hands with a lukewarm cloth and assures him that accidents happen, he wasn’t overly fond of that particular teacup and that a broken crayon still works. The tears dwindle into sniffles and a quivering lip.
“He’s just in the age when he’s particularly prone to nightmares. Normal fears develop and his imagination is blossoming, this will naturally lead to some bad dreams.”
John does´t really think more about the topic, too wrapped up in worrying about his math homework and the tests they might have and how he really hopes to do well on it, perhaps earn another sticker, and maybe asking his dad if he can join the soccer team. He´s has a feeling he´d dad would be pleased if John started playing soccer.
But, Glen Reese had called John for help in the middle of the night and John, the brother in arm, which he was, had rushed to his assistance. Which means locating Glen Reese is going to be his second course of action. First he needs to get rid of some incriminating evidence.
“Excuse me,” Crawford said. He fishes up a cellphone from his pocket and taps away at it, his attention half on Sherlock, half on the phone. But the Alpha knows that he won’t have time to overpower Crawford quickly enough the gun out of his grips. Allowing himself to walk into this trap, also means that he lost the element of surprise. So he settles down. He waits. He observers.
"George said he´d be late and not to wait for him. He´s rather busy with work these days." Lydia answers cheerfully.
“That’s… nice?” John frowns, his fingers moving over the pulse of Sherlock’s wrist. “Breathe through your nose, Sherlock,” John instructs, his voice calm and steady. Doctor and soldier.
The door opens to reveal a tired-looking woman with a screaming, blotchy, toddler on her hip. She glares at the two of them and John suspects they might just have interrupted the child´s dinnertime. The mother smells of sickly, stale sweat and vomit and the baby is covered in chunks of orange pulp. Both more and child gives him a scathing glare.
John swallows tightly and says in a low, defiant tone, “are you going to charge me with something, if not I think I’d rather get going.”
“It was no trouble,” Mrs. Hudson answers, “we had a nice, little, stroll in the park and everything, didn’t we?”
John accepts the envelope, half expecting a check with a ridiculous sum of money. What he’s not expecting is the deeds to a house in South Downs.
He places his mug on his desk and finds Lance Corporal Burrell’s file. He had fallen off hurdle in a wilderness obstacle course and broken his ankle. Usually, this would result in a couple of weeks in a cast and a swift return to active duty. But the military physician had decided to put Burrell down for an indeterminate length of medical leave and when he received this news, Lance Corporal Burrell reacted with a violent outburst and attacked a nurse. The nurse suffered some scrapes and bruises, but Burrell was given a medical discharge and sent home to his tiny village.
"Have you -seen- this, John?" Andrew asks and increases the volume. John looks up from his book to glance at the screen.
“You shouldn’t have sent him running then,” DI Dregs bites out. “Donovan, go and fetch the assistant, bring him down to the Yard to make his statement.”
DI Lestrade, however, doesn’t respond and John steels himself to go to the Yard first thing in the morning and track him down in person. It will be better, he thinks, after he has explained everything to DI Lestrade.
All the presents are actual presents I found at various places on google by using phrases like "presents for genius toddlers" and "what to get Sherlock for Christmas."
“But you're not like me…or like any of the books tell us we are. You didn't even want to talk about it, you didn’t even want to use the word Omega. You didn't even want to know me.”
He turns around and slams the door so hard it rattles on his hinges and then he storms down the stairs. Bumping into a solid figure and there’s Lestrade, standing on the landing. He stares at John with wide eyes. “John- what is….”
"Pregnancy. Medication" John says, his voice strangely hoarse and breathless. He almost can´t recognize it. "You mean, Suppressants."
John knows that there’s no interrupting Sherlock once he’s immersed himself in his Mind Palace and so he makes his way to the kitchen to see if there're supplies enough to scrounge up a cup of tea and asks Lestrade if he’d like one as well. Lestrade responds in the affirmative and John tries to navigate the mess in the kitchen.
“I don’t know,” Sherlock says, his attention somewhere else, “they were here when I came and it doesn’t look like they intend to leave. It matters not, one of them is about to be proven guilty of murder and it’s convenient to have him close for an easy arrest. The machine?”
“Sherlock always pretended to enjoy the prospect of Father Christmas,” Mycroft says smoothly, "I suppose he assumed I derived some satisfaction from thinking he was embracing the Christmas spirit of things."
“I think John’s still in London somewhere,” Mrs. Hudson muses. “I went to put flowers on Sherlock’s grave yesterday. There was a large bouquet of flowers there already. All of them poisonous, of course, which I think Sherlock would have appreciated- if he ever could appreciate such sentiments as flowers.”
He sits down on the cot again, running a hand through his slick hair.  It’s difficult to reconcile the flustered Glen Reese who’d visited his office all those months ago, with the stoic man who had happily revealed to John how he’d been planning all of this for weeks.
Albert Thompson pulls the tarp away, “Face is intact though, should make it easy to identify her,” and Sally stares down at the woman’s face, stiff and pale with the same wide, terrified eyes.
Sherlock struggles past the lump in his throat, his skin suddenly clammy, and places a hand on Sam’s head like he’s seen John do. The gesture is easy, almost mindlessly instinctive, as he soothes back his son’s curls.
John hears eager murmurs of consent. Several people are nodding their heads, there’s a scattered attempt at an applause that dwindles when it becomes apparent that the speaker isn’t done.
Doctor Fenway is sitting behind his oversized desk, scratching a few notes on a legal pad, and his gaze snaps up when John knocks softly on his door to announce his presence.
Mycroft gives him a brief nod. “The housekeeper is still sleeping, but there is breakfast in the kitchen,” Mycroft tells John, signing the sentence to Sam who watches his hand with rapt interest.
The look on Sherlock’s face stops him cold, because he looks like no Sherlock Holmes that John knows, his confusion replaced by genuine sadness and worry. Even when John had been wrapped up in an explosive vest or with the laser of a sniper’s aim on him, Sherlock had never looked
John had worked his way through the ACF First Aid course to become a Four Star Cadet and now, his father always spoke of John with pride in his voice whenever they met some of his associates from work. He´s even taken John to the pub a few times to show him off to his mates. They´d clapped his back and called him an "a good egg" or a "jolly good chap," and some small part of John wondered if he should feel so satisfied to feel pleased at their praise.
Lestrade, however, does not look convinced, “it’s an awfully slim thread,” he confesses, “and we don’t yet know if any of it is true. You said so yourself, Sherlock, it’s a ruse to get people riled up.”
“If only Sherlock had chosen a less dramatic way to announce his resurrection we could have taken some pre-emptive precautions, but as it stands now-” Mycroft sighs, seemingly entire put out  by his brother’s untimely un-demise.
He can hear the slight lilt in the intonation of her voice. She leaves the patchwork and walks across the grass towards him, standing next to him and peering at the cat.
Every day John looks at himself in the small mirror over his bath. There is a harshness in his eyes that he doesn’t remember seeing before. The desert has carved his young face hard and he´s grateful that he´s not the same John Watson who was assaulted in the backstreet of his Student Union Pub. He never wants to be that John Watson again.
Sherlock’s mind is already racing ahead. There is no way Crawford would have chosen Nash as his victim, if this was about monetary gain. Nash lived in the same seedy apartment block that Nash did. Joseph Braithmwort is the obvious choice if the motive is money.
“Sherlock,” Lestrade calls, dragging him out of his deductions. “We got Simon Whitewell, he was passed out in a public men's room in Brenton. They are bringing him to the Yard.”
“What are you-” his phone is in his hands and then in Sherlock’s before Lestrade can finish his sentence.
He can almost feel Lestrade’s sulk, but the detective inspector complies and shuffles off into a corner.
“Right,” Lestrade says and Sherlock quickly demands “We will need all the footage of the doorway to room 315.”
John feels the dip of his head as Sherlock tilts his head, he opens his mouth, not even sure what he’s going to say. It doesn’t matter, though because Sherlock’s hands move to tip  his head back and then curls over him, swiping his tongue past his parted lips.
“Alright,” John says, already moving towards the kitchen where they keep a spare key to Mrs. Hudson’s flat. “How’s it going?”
“John is not guilty of murdering Doctor Fenway.” Sherlock keeps his attention firmly fixed on the people passing them. (A woman trying desperately to stay on the right side of thirty, slight limp to her gait due to shoes chosen to make a statement about her financial prowess, but unsuitable to a brisk walk down the hard pavement on Baker Street).
That they are both Omegas is the only thing they have in common, for which Sherlock is immensely grateful.
Sometimes, Sally  couldn't help but feel that she and Lestrade had been working on two very different angles. She believed that this was a random act of killing and that Glen Reese had been at the wrong place at the wrong time.
Sam shuffles backwards until he can slide off the bed, dragging the duvet and blanket with him as he goes, letting in an icy breeze on John’s bare legs.
“Hi, good afternoon,” Mary says. John opens the door wider and Mary pops her head in, looking sheepish, “I’m sorry to trouble you, but-“
“You will come to Christmas dinner of course,” Sherlock says so matter-of-factly you would think it was an honoured tradition. Mrs. Hudson stares at him. Blinks.
“Well!”Lestrade explodes, gesturing to the signature, “isn’t that your typical forgery of my name? I’ve seen them often enough on credit card receipts.»
“Fine. I will see you then.” John ends the call, not caring in the slightest at how appalled Lydia would have been at his lack of manners.
On the top of the page, there is a picture of a young man, probably more than sixteen or seventeen. But the angling of the picture and the faded colors make him look younger somehow. The grainy quality, the hairstyle, and the faded t-shirt indicates that the picture had been taken sometime during the nineties. He’s pudgy in the way that some kids gets when they experience the catering at universities and having to cook their own meals. The boy gives the camera a shy, resigned smile and it doesn’t take many leaps of the imagination to understand that the boy would rather be anywhere else. Around his neck is an arm, clad in black, holding a tight and firm grip on the boy’s round shoulders, the fingers digging into his arms. The rest of the man has been cut from the picture.
“Yes. I hadn’t seen him since….well; I hadn't seen him in many weeks,” John clears his throat. “He just came over with the book and handed it to me. Wanted me to read it.”
"Some are saying that they can´t punish the Alpha, because he can´t really control himself."  He hears himself say.
By the time John decides to quench his thoughts with a sip of tea, his drink is cold and stale. With a grimace, he slides the cup out of reach and collapses against the sofa. He pinches the bridge of his nose. Maybe he’s foolish for thinking he could see something in a bundle of papers and pictures that Sherlock Holmes, Lestrade and the rest of the Scotland Yard missed.
. John makes a valiant effort to get Sam to sleep, even offering him the meagre space between John’s back and Sherlock’s long limbs.
Lestrade cringes. “Technicians have gone over the videos and the crime scenes with a fine-tooth comb, but there is absolutely no evidence-“ Lestrade sees the storm gathering in Marlow’s eyes and quickly steers to safety. “We know that it took at least two people to complete the execution and that one of them had the medical knowledge required to administer the drugs. We know they were tortured before they were killed, most likely for their bank account information, but even the money trail leads to what my guys in economic crimes call “empty shell corporations.”
Sherlock closes his eyes for a second, it is all he needs to put everything into order.  His plan depends on Moriarty believing that his scheme has succeeded, that he believes that he has acquired a powerful leverage in John.
“He was just so -eager- to learn…everything. It was a dwindling field even back then, you know. A couple of academics throwing theories back and forth like an ancient game of tennis. I was a fresh breeze- no, a storm! What if we turn it around, what if we ask how far will the Alpha go for the Omega? What if we’re not the dull, hapless creatures beholden to the Alpha’s command? What can the Omega manipulate an Alpha to do with a few sweet promises? Georgie, now, he wanted hands-on-empiric evidence to relaunch his career.”
The sight and misery of the place take him down the abysmal path of memory lane of his first few weeks home from Afghanistan when he had drifted aimlessly around London, when Paradise Gardens had been his home.
People have abandoned the crowded sidewalk and spilled into the streets, uncaring of the traffic they are obstructing. A few drivers are honking their horns and one driver throws something after a young man, clad in dark, who crosses the street by jumping onto the hood of his car.  The evening is charged with angry and eager shouts, of the sound of music from open windows and the repeated squeal of car horns. In Baker Street, a bus driver has completely given up completing his route. The doors are wide open, the bus empty and the driver, an elderly gentleman, is sipping something from a thermos that John’s nose knows isn’t entirely legal for a driver to consume.
Their movements are raw and desperate. Hands touching everywhere, there’s the sound of fabric tearing as John claws at Sherlock’s shirt and there’s a mad scramble as John pushes himself up on his elbows to take off his trousers at the same time as Sherlock tries to yank his undershirt over his head. John’s pants and boxers end up somewhere around his knees but he doesn’t have time to care about the lack of ceremony because Sherlock’s mouth is on his again, his teeth grazing against John’s raw bottom lip.
“It used to be so funny. This bond, this yearning, this desperation that nature has chained us with, it will make you weak if you do not know how to steer it to your advantage. I was growing bored with the games- these Alphas and Omegas, in the end they are just as ordinary and as boring, just as predictable, as everybody else. But,” Moriarty’s lips curls into a vicious sneer, “not you.”
John swallows, trying to find his voice, even though he’s still currently lacking the words to formulate a response.
“That’s the other thing.” His lips twist into a sour slant, “when officers went to collect him from the hospital this morning, he was gone.”
He drifts off into an exhausted dream. He feels like he’s only been asleep for a few minutes when someone shakes him awake.
They venture into the New Year at a leisurely pace of tea and outings and puzzles. Sherlock spends hours training Toby to pick up and follow scents, to various degrees of success, while Sam spends his evenings with his fists in the dog’s fur, cuddling and whispering little secrets.
Sherlock fills his lounges with smoke, lets the nicotine do its job of dulling his senses. St. James’s Park. He’s been there once, many years ago now, locating a drug dealer, the result of which inevitably led him to his first stint in rehab. Mycroft knows this, of course, as Mycroft knows everything through the CCTV of Sherlock’s life, so why he’s suggesting Sherlock seek out this old haunt?
Sherlock tosses his head back against the car seat and sighs, before dipping his hand down to fish out the gun, the bullets and the cleaning kit. He hands it all over to Mycroft, who takes the gun between the pinch of two fingers. He drops it into his briefcase before he takes the rest of the items and places them into a clear plastic bag;  it also disappears into the briefcase before he nudges it shut with the tip of his boot.
John nods in agreement, balling his hands into fists. He needs to stay calm and on topic. “Yes, so about this book…”
He leaves with the promise of not making her worry again, and John rolls his eyes all seventeen steps up to his flat.
"Sure thing, mate." There is something odd about his voice, but John is too relived to be free from his grasp and intrusive nose to study its implication.
“I am going to return to London today,” Mycroft announces. There’s a certain weight behind his words.
Ms. Alton’s scowl is replaced by a satisfied smirk. John, however, cannot help but notice that Edward seems suddenly regretful of his lawyer’s legal talent. His hands are clenched into white fists as if he is angry. To John, Edward’s anxiousness is a palpable thing. When Lestrade gestures for them to follow him down the corridor towards the old mortuary, Edward’s eyes linger on the exit with a calculating look. John dithers at the back of the room, half waiting for Edward to make a run for it, and is poised to intercede. In the end, Edward trails down the corridor, his hands curling and uncurling.
Lestrade has an odd sense of deja vu even before the door slams open and Sherlock Holmes barges into the interrogation room. In one fluid motion he grabs Simon Whitewell by the scruff of his neck, hoists him up from the floor and slams him into the wall, pinning him in place with his arm.
“They were the prequel, the warm-up to the main show. I also imagine they were….convenient, as Moriarty isn’t one to leave anything unfinished.”
The questions only serve to remind John that there’s still so many things Sherlock and he haven’t gotten around to talk about yet.  What was it like when Sherlock was away? Was it really such a lark? How did he fake his suicide? Why did he think this was the best way to disarm Moriarty?
The detective’s eyes gleams, “Watch! When I have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.”
"Ann might not have Rose´s…..assets" John concedes with a small smile. "But she had the most wonderful smile."
“They go back over twenty years. There are video files, audio files, image files and tons of documents. Some of them don’t even have names, just numbers, and letters. It’s going to take four men at least a week to sort through it all, and you haven’t even told us what you’re looking for….”
I am not sure if I should apologise for the amount of fluff, feels or angst in this chapter, but you are forewarned. Also, there are otters.
“She…she contacted me on the internet. There's a website for people looking to earn a couple of quids under the table. Five thousand was just too good to pass up. She had everything ready, the uniforms, the security cards. We didn't exchange any words, she just told me what to do and I…did it. I’ve never saw her before and she never talked to me beyond describing the job.”
“My condolences,” John says softly before Sherlock can voice his negative opinions on weddings and marriages.
“It’s yours basic copy of Dizapemaum, primarily used to treat severe anxiety, epileptic, and febrile convulsion. It’s a sedative that controls muscle spasm and has also been used to manage alcohol withdrawal symptoms.»
“Christ,” Lestrade mutters, “I guess there’s nothing we can do about it then. Can you at least get me the information that’s on that bloody webpage?”
“The lorry was trying to stop when it hit her, but the woman’s upper torso is so badly damaged that it’s going to take further analysis determine if she was dead at the time of impact.”
“That’s not interesting,” Sherlock says with the dismissive frown he uses when Lestrade has a made a valid point that he’s forced to take into consideration. Lestrade catches John’s pleased little smirk and cannot help but return it. It’s nice to have Sherlock Holmes back.
He hears the sound of something toppling over, feet shuffling against the floor, the sound of a chair being pulled back. Is she thinking about the last time somebody asked her a favour?
“So…” Lestrade says after moment of silence. Molly looks up and Lestrade allows his eyes to glance over her, to linger at the creases between her brows, the smudged of makeup on her eyelids. Her hair is tufty and ridiculous and for a moment he can’t take his eyes off her.
He steps into the hospital and avoids the organic hustle and bustle of a major hospital in London. If he allows his eyes to wander and soak up all the information and evidences, he sees in front of him he’ll be distracted(it will be an interesting exercise for another day). It’s easy to find the doctors’ locker room and chose the one locker that has the name written on it in a post-it (new employer). His Belstaff finds temporary shelter in the locker as he shrugs into the white coat. It fits though rather snug across the shoulders, but it’s not so bad that it will draw attention. He wets his hands in the sink and smooths back his hair until it lies slick against his scalp. He stares at the name embroidered on the coat and then steals a couple of pens from a nearby locker and arranges them in a neat row in the front pocket.
“Oh,” Molly says. She furrows her brows, looks a little lost, but masks it with a polite smile. John realizes that Lestrade might not have kept her updated on the case, and so he spends the next twenty minutes of their subway ride giving her the cliff notes version of the case. By the time they’ve made their way to South Kensington Station, Molly’s expression has through the entire range of emotions before she settles on a thoughtful frown.
“You must know him, then,” DI Dregs comments and Sherlock nods absently. “Only by reputation, he gave up trying to contact me after Mycroft paid him a visit.”
“Certainly,” Mycroft says smoothly and then taps the handle of his umbrella against the glass separating the driver from the passengers. A few minutes later the car swings onto the main road. John twists away from Mycroft’s scrutiny, and watches the scenery pass him in a blur of colors. He shuts his eyes tightly.
He's got to know everything about his own thoughts and emotions so that he will never be caught off guard when Sherlock deduces something about him.
John thinks about Glen Reese coming to 221B with the wretched book that sent John running down to Doctor Fenway, who, rather than trying to placate him riled him up with his taunts.
In this memory, Mycroft is looking down at Sherlock in that way that used to make Sherlock feel like he was only two feet tall.
Lestrade gives John a tight smile as he buttons up his coat against the winter air. He hovers for a moment in the doorway, as if he’s uncertain if it’s safe to leave Sherlock and John unsupervised. His phone chimes again, and with a quick “good night,” Lestrade bids them farewell.
The paperwork was filed only three days ago. Christ, it means that three days ago Sherlock Holmes wandered into the Yard and filed this with the internal inquest.
“Oh, no. He moved to the flat next door, but the old flat is currently empty and I know somebody in the Housing Sector who can lend us the keys….” There’s an unexpected eagerness in her voice. Is Molly feeling guilty and is that why she’s gone above and beyond to help John?
“I bought the flat for him, so he’d stay right here,”Sherlock folds his arms over his chest, turns away in a huff.
Mycroft stands at distance, both of his hands clasped on the handle of his umbrella and his face impossible to read.
-John wrenches himself away, despite his body telling him to seek the Alpha’s proximity. Beads of sweat trickle down the back of his neck and John tries to ignore the feeling of arousal that settles just below his stomach.
The bodyguard, who’s real name is Thomas Langley, has been working under the code name Hector for so long he feels more at home with it than his Christian name. He’s been part of the contingent that guards John and Sam for two years and as he watches John and Sam depart, he wishes, not for the first time, that he’d not mind being more than just an observer, an outsider, to this family.
DI Lestrade doesn’t say anything, but Sally Donovan sees the muscles in his jaw bunch and clench, as if he’s struggling against something lodged in his throat. Christ. She hopes it isn’t vomit.
He watches the pair,  Jane Hill and Simon Whitewell, talk with John, watches John slowly rise, stretching his arms above his head. (The bench has been painful on his shoulder, and his back will ache for days). They unlock the cell door and the trio disappears, John between the two constables. Sherlock watches each second leading down the corridor, switching cameras when it is required, until the trio enter processing with the Warden, and then leaves the prison through the carpark.
Doctor Coleman then proceeded with a detailed description of the result of the blood  analysis, going into excruciating detail about the angle of the blood splatter and the instruments used to remove the testicles of the three victims. By the end, Lestrade thinks that, for the first time since he was a rookie, he might actually be sick.
The constable grins and pats John’s shoulder so hard John almost chokes on his tea, “turning the tide against three captors, that’s something.”
Sherlock stalks back into the flat. He takes a few breaths to calm the whirlwind of vicious emotions. Emotions are antagonistic to clear reasoning, and he needs these feelings to go away so he can understand what went wrong so he doesn’t repeat his mistake.
“If I had….been around..,” Sherlock’s picking and choosing his words, like he’s navigating uncertain territory. “Would it have made a difference? Would things have….would Sam have….I mean-“
Glen Reese goes rigid, his head twisting like a dog scenting the air. And John hears it too, the sound of vehicles coming their way. Not one, two…five….seven?
John presses his palms against his eyes until the ceiling above him dances in colors and constellations.
John checks in on Sam and Toby, both sleeping peacefully, curled up together like lifelong friends. He leaves a kiss on his son’s forehead, before slipping away to his own bedroom.
“No, Simon Whitewell was killed to draw our attention….my attention, the signal that there’s a new game starting.”
Jane Hill is slouched in the corner, a hand against her shoulder and heavy streams of blood spilling through her fingers. Her breathing is erratic, but not more than what he’d expected from somebody who has just been shot.
“He keeps saying the gap under the door is too small,” Lestrade mutters, “that something should fit under it, but that it obviously doesn’t because the door fits solidly to the frame.”
“Yes, right. I’m sorry to trouble you, but might I use the loo for a moment?” Glen Reese asks sheepishly.
“More of those Alpha protests in London, don’t people have anything better to do than go after innocent people.” She lifts a couple of files and folders. “Now where is that remote…”
“Doctor Watson,” Sergeant Donovan acknowledges with curt succinctness, “the guv’s waiting for you in his office.”
Mycroft’s phone lights up for a moment, but the oldest Holmes is too occupied to watch the news report to pay attention. There might be something new to gleam from the reports. It’s easier to sort through the information already sifted through by the BBC.
John hands him his smartphone and while Sherlock types out his instructions to Lestrade with one hand, John keeps his eyes on the steady beat of the heart monitor. He sees the replay of Sherlock tumbling over the edge every time he closes his eyes and it is only far too easy to remember him stepping off the roof at St. Barts. He feels the weight of Sherlock’s encased hand still on his, even as he taps away on the phone with his left hand.
John stands, dabbing his forehead with the sleeve of his shirt. He detests this feeling of helplessness. He’s a doctor, he’s a soldier, for god’s sake, he should be able to do something more.
In the room, there are two metal chairs, a slim table between them and a recording device along the far end of the wall. On the left side of the wall is what John recognizes from being on the other side of it: a one-way mirror. He knows, without a doubt that Sherlock is on the other side, studying him.  John wonders what sight he must be, trembling in fright, his clothes in disarray, the slight limp to his gait and his left-hand clenching and unclenching. What is Sherlock deducing from this?
John’s gone over the conversation between Sherlock and Moriarty hundreds of times. Of course he has. Something Moriarty said to Sherlock put him on that roof made him jump-
These are all questions John knows he will have to answer, but he thinks that Sherlock should know them first because some of the answers are complicated and painful to recall. And  John isn’t quite ready to talk about Lestrade’s part in all this, how the detective inspector and Molly hid the truth from John during all these years.
Sherlock savors that statement, filing it away somewhere safe where he keeps all evidence that indicates a shared future with the three of them.
The two girls continue their whispered conspiracy on Alphas and Omegas until the middle of next week, when John catches Fatima kissing Harriet´s cheek. Both Harriet and John blushes, and then Harriet throws her hairbrush on John and slams her bedroom door in his face. The following days Madonna is played more loudly than ever before.
Glen reaches for the second pudding cup on his tray and rips the lid off. He licks it clean before he dips his spoon into the murky substance.
There, are, however, more drinks with Molly Hooper, and eventually lunches and dinners until one day Lestrade grabs her hand to tug her across the intersection at Piccadilly Circus and he Lestrade realizes that they might actually be dating
“Knew you weren’t visiting from the Council,” he sneers, crossing the room to loom over John. “Come back to do some more snooping around, eh?”
John watches as they take some final close-up photographs of Doctor Fenway’s head and chest and then proceed to carefully lift the late Doctor into a black body bag and zip it shut.  John follows the proceedings silently, respectfully, like he always does. No matter how many scenes he visits, no matter how many bodies are carried out, he can never manage to truly distance himself.  Unlike Sherlock, whom he knows only sees the remains as a source of data and evidence; John cannot help but to see the individual.  And this was a person he’d known for all of his adult life, and even if they hadn´t parted on amiable terms or his motives were all that good, Doctor Fenway did help John in a time when he had no idea what to do.
But not this time, John only shrugs at Sherlock and spends more time than is warranted in studying his plain paper cup. You don’t need to be a Detective Inspector to sense the tension between Sherlock and John, as if they’re two schoolyard enemies who have suddenly been forced to work together on a group project and Lestrade suddenly finds himself in the undesirable position of group leader and intermediary. It’s obvious that there’s been some sort of falling out and Lestrade suspects that Sherlock doesn’t realize it and that John is upset that Sherlock doesn’t recognize that they have, in fact, had a falling out. He shouldn’t have been so quick to dismiss Sherlock’s concerns.
It seems like a long time, but John knows only seconds pass before Glen Reese gives a weak cough and splutters alive.  John rises slowly, wiping sweat from his face, his heart rate slowly decreasing to its normal rhythm as the adrenaline ebbs away. Glen Reese is going to be fine. Well, medically speaking, he cannot really say anything about his heart and head.
“Thank you,” John answers, and then turns to Mrs. Hudson who is barely able to contain her curiosity behind proper British manners.
Sign language, Sherlock realizes. He knows nothing of the language (a gap in his knowledge that he must fill). He watches the pair, John and this child, smiling and talking and then turns his gaze to the restaurant, searching the tables for a woman sitting alone. She’ll be carrying a large purse (toddlers always requires necessities) dressed in an elegant and practical outfit (children are messy) and she’ll be scanning the crowds-
Carefully balancing on the sleepers, John uses the lacrosse stick to lift Sherlock’s limbs away from the dangerous tracks. Immediately afterwards, he pulls his immobile body to lay along the sleepers. He doesn’t bother searching for a pulse, there are too many heavy layers separating him from Sherlock’s skin. He places his ears against Sherlock’s lips-
Odd as it is, John feels like they are, somehow, on the same page, and when he leans up for another kiss, Sherlock leans down as well to meet him halfway. There is no doubt about where this is headed, and though John’s mind is still filled with turmoil and white noise, he clutches Sherlock closer.
He feels crazy with daring. He invaded Afghanistan after all. He presses his mouth to Sherlock’s, licks into the seam of his lips and savors the taste of Sherlock’s palette. He feels the tension riding along Sherlock’s body and for a terrifying moment he worries that he will push him away. But the detective arches in to meet him, his mouth demanding against John’s and his fingertips trails insistently along John’s side to the hem of his trousers, dipping below the waistband.
John turns the question around in his head, trying to skip ahead of an answer that doesn’t include Myrrh being a nice perfume to put on dead bodies to make them smell nice, and as a gift, it symbolized Jesus’s impending death.
They round the corner, and John realizes that the police the people are talking about isn’t Lestrade. There are two uniformed constables, a man and a woman, standing in the middle of a half circle. The woman is talking into a walkie-talkie attached to her vest while her partner is unsuccessfully trying to get the crowd to back away.
Sherlock doesn’t stop until they can close the door to 221 B behind them. Only then does he take a deep breath as if getting ready to say something, but it he lets it out again and lowers Sam to floor. He starts to tug at his own scarf, his cheeks red while his eyes are the same color as the darkening clouds outside. John places a hand on his arm and feels his muscles soothe under his touch. He wants to offer some consolation to ease the myriad of emotions swaying in Sherlock’s eyes, but Sam’s icy grip finds his hand, tugging him out of his thoughts.
“We’re working under the theory that the “marine” was the one who drove the prison transport,” Lestrade says, “but nobody is able to give an accurate description of the officer who collected Simon Whitewell. One will say he was tall and blonde while another will swear he was short with dark hair. One person even claimed it was a woman.”
“Not much,” John admits. “If the victims, I mean Nash and Braithsworth, were chosen because they were important….because it was important they were punished, then somebody had to /know/ that Isidora’s death wasn’t a suicide.”
Even with the entire Highlands as his options, Sam is happiest when he can wander around and prod at things with a stick. John follows him closely, signing
Sherlock leans back against the headrest, staring at the roof, numbers running through his mind. Brentwood. Google puts it about an 1 hr and 17 min outside of London by car. Taking into account the early morning congestions and construction, the journey is more likely to take close to an 1 hr and 40 min.
The crowd had been unruly, but he had read the members of it to be more interested in raising havoc, run them off the property, overturn a couple of trashcans, break a few windows. Had they turned hostile? The yowl of yet another siren cuts through the silence. Crawford is studying the phone, but he sound is enough to make him cast a furtive glance through the window. Sherlock follows his gaze. In the distance, a black, plume of smoke crawls towards the sky.
This whole Alpha and Omega dynamic, John had early realized, is an intricate affair best to be ignored and avoided if at all possible. He has enough going on in his life with preparing for medical school and worrying about why he isn´t more concerned with breasts, short skirts and firm arses. But the only thing he saw were smiles and eyes, or the way somebody smelled. According to his biology textbook, his body should be bombarded with hundreds of hormones every day and drive him into a frenzy state of near constant arousal. He´ll chat up a girl with pretty eyes at a party, but he just doesn´t feel connected to anyone. And, equally alarmingly, they don´t seem all that keen on him. Shouldn´t he at least have had a girlfriend by now? Perhaps he should ask Ann Marge out on a date, see what he´s missing out on.   Andrew does have a point, it´s not like he has to marry her. It would at least stop Andrew (and his dad) from speculating about his heterosexuality.
“The prison transport driver? No, at least Lestrade hasn’t mentioned anything, but I haven’t spoken to him since yesterday.”
“Who’s this? No, wait, get out of there-“ there’s the distinctive sound of scuffling and the blaring of sirens in the background.
“Well, you’re looking for a group of people who trust each other, the kind of trust that develops over time, like….army platoon mates, childhood friends, family ties, classmates.”
Living with Sherlock Holmes has been a crash course in being brutally honest with himself and John knows his feelings aren’t an “Omega thing.”
The second floor looks less damaged, but where the fire has failed to destroy everything, water has done its part. In the kitchen, John finds cracked plates and china, the remains of a fridge and a stove, a kitchen table with two chairs and very little else. The living and sleeping rooms are in an equally dismal state. Sooty furniture and soggy carpets, books thrown haphazardly onto the floor by the investigating officers. There are no pictures and the only thing of note is a massive television in the centre of the living room with a single armchair in front of it. Finkle, it seems, lived a rather lonely existence.
Sally Donovan begins the account, starting with the mother who had dropped her two kids off in the parking lot at 06:15 and continues.
But Glen Reese had seemed so happy to be an Omega, and it had…it had grated against every inch of John’s nerves. How could anybody appreciate a biological imperative that made them beholden to seek out the protection and affections of an Alpha. Who would let a couple of spliced genes and DNA dictate what…what sort of occupation you’d seek, to let genetics make you weak and submissive against what your biology decides is the superior gender?
John takes shelters from her probing eyes behind the rim of his cup. “Hmm.” Personally, he thinks he could do without the visits from assassins and foreign agents.
It’s a handsome dog, with long golden, curly fur, big brown eyes and shaggy legs, wearing a little burgundy jacket. It sniffs its way across the room, tail wagging a storm. Sam squeals and grabs hold of Sherlock’s pants as the dog trots over to investigate.
John grabs at the arms holding him fast, but it is impossible to pry himself free. The man simply thrusts his elbow into John´s chest. His breath hitches and he struggles for his next gasp of air.
While John is formulating his response, the door opens, and Anderson walks in. He is immaculately dressed in a pressed suit and tie so crisp John thinks the outfit might stand on its own. Anderson smells heavily of perfume as if he’s spent the night on the ground floor of Debenhams and sprayed himself with every free sample available. The unpleasant mixture of scents makes John visibly recoil. Anderson watches him and grins, a smile that is all shark teeth. The transformation is so startling that John momentarily doesn’t know how to respond.
John realizes Sherlock believes he knows John well enough to be able to predict the outcome of their reunion. He’s three steps ahead and waiting for John to catch up. Like he’s always waiting for John to catch up.
And Sherlock does the oddest thing, he runs his hand through the still damp strands of John’s hair and John has to steel himself to not arch up into the touch like a cat.
They part for air, even if John would have preferred to drown in Sherlock and never again know the taste of air that didn’t come from his Alpha. Sherlock wraps himself around John, hot and possessive,
By the time they land on a private terminal at Heathrow, Sam has left his finger and nose prints on all the window, smeared butter and jam on the leather seats and is jabbering happily on in that private language of his while pointing at all the people, uniforms, luggage and cars.
“So,” he says, stepping up to the group. They turn to him, as one, seven pairs of eyes bearing down on him, like a bunch of dogs waiting for instructions.  His mouth is suddenly dry.
Mrs. Gillespie turns the kettle on and pulls out a box of Walkers from the cupboard. She pauses for a moment, and he sees the slope of her back tense. She pulls out a cup, studies it and with great difficulty places it back.
The screen fills with the grim visage of Detective Chief Superintendent Victoria Marlow. Unlike the Prime Minister, Marlow looks like she’s just stepped out of a fashion catalogue. “I urge all the citizens of London and in other major cities, and guardians and parents of young people to keep them in to night. From ten p.m there will be an official curfew to recover public order.“ She turns her steely eyes to the camera, “to whoever decides to partake in the violence, make no mistake. You will see the full consequences of you actions.”
“Yes,” Sherlock says breathlessly. His hand travels from Sam’s curls, over his shoulder, crossing over to John’s arm, long fingers wrapping carefully around his arm.
He moves to the wardrobe, yanks it open and stares at the content. Cardigans. Sweaters. Checkered shirts. It looks like somebody raided John's wardrobe, but the similarity ends there. The scent of the clothes is floral, saccharine and nauseating. He slams the door shut.
He had experimented with and discarded that notion fully during his years at university. Sexual relationships are messy affairs and a waste of time. He knows what desire and sentiment does with people, how it distorted their reasoning, how it fuels them into foolish and reckless actions. He can’t waste time on it, if he wants to keep his mind clear and sharp. Sherlock made his profession on sorting through the remnants and ruins of human misery inspired by so-called love.
The image cuts to several burning cars, blazing up the dark night. A couple of shadowy figures lingers around the burning wreckage, cheering and throwing heaps of newspaper and magazines to feed the inferno.
He slumps back in the seat, pushes his glasses up on his forehead so he can rub a hand over his tired eyes.
John enters the small cell and looks about it a little helplessly, uncertain of what to do with himself and in the end he decides just to stand in the middle of the tiny room.
A few minutes later they are standing on the sidewalk, blinking fat flakes of snow out of their eyelashes. Sam points and squeals at the snowflakes and John takes a firm hold of his hand before he chases one down the street.
Probably the reason Lestrade didn’t find it suspicious. He flips back until he finds the crime scene photos.
The words settle somewhere deep behind John’s sternum, near his heart and make themselves at home there.
John stares at the message until the cab jolts to a halt at a red light. When the cab moves again, John rolls down the window and throws the phone onto the street.
He’s not bored, he’s endlessly fascinated with studying all the nuances of John’s and Sam’s interaction. He analyses Sam’s keen focus on the puzzle on the smart tablet  and the way he steals glances at John when John isn’t looking with an intent expression on his face, like he’s trying to calculate the odds of someone like John existing and being a part of his life.
“It’s not impossible.” John braces his shoulders against a chilly gust of wind that threatens to knock them over. “But the set up doesn’t strike me as something Nash would be capable of. And to keep it secret for ten years and then suddenly let it slip…now of all times….just doesn’t seem likely.”
Serving in the army made John Watson learn to appreciate his heightened Omega senses. His keen eyesight gave him a reputation for being a crack shot and a marksman. One of his superiors had jokingly lamented John´s medical career choice when he obviously belonged behind the scope of a sniper rifle.
Molly is going to chide him for not making more of an effort. For not running after John or dragging more answers out of him. But he’s hardly in a position to demand the truth from John Watson, when he’s keeping the biggest one from him.
“Bloody hell, I thought there…” John combs a hand through his hair, struggling to cling to his last shreds of restraint, “you were there, in the office- you killed him?”
Both Lestrade and John look to Sherlock who is still seemingly engrossed in studying the map. He doesn’t say anything. Sherlock is clearly not here right now, occupied with following the lines of his own deductions, though Lestrade can’t say if he’s occupied with trying to figure out John or the map.
John thinks he should excuse himself, but he doesn’t and Sherlock remains silent. Sherlock had remained locked in his room all last night and so far this morning he hasn’t uttered a word to John. He looks remarkably well rested while John struggles to not fall asleep on his toast. It is decidedly unfair. It’s the most uncomfortable meal John has ever sat down for, and that includes the aftermath of the massive blowout between Harry and his father after Harry announced that she was gay.
In the lobby, Sherlock stalks with purpose towards the reception desk and grabs a random clipboard and scans it absently as he makes his way to the elevator that will take him up to the recovery ward. The elevator is cramped, and he spends the ride pressed up against the metal wall and a gurney containing a large, red-faced woman talking rapidly into her phone. (“These quacks do not know what they are doing, Robert! You get me a proper physician immediately!”). She glares at Sherlock, as if he is one of the one responsible for putting her in a hospital bed (she’s wheezing for breath. Chubby fingers are evidence of potential heart disease.)
On the first Thursday of the new year, Sherlock takes Sam to the National History Museum. He warns that they will be occupied for hours, but maybe John would like to meet up for a late lunch? John readily agrees. It’s the first time Sherlock and Sam are on their own, as alone as you can get with Mycroft’s constant CCTV surveillance and one of his bodyguards skulking around, but it would be good for them to get some quality time together.
“Or the killer was uncertain and was trying to tempt me to reveal myself. A delicious decapitation outside my flat with no apparent clues or witnesses. How delightful."
“No,” John says firmly. “I need them now. Or it….it will be….” He struggles to finish the sentence, it’s one thing that DI Lestrade now knows he’s an Omega, he really doesn’t want to bring up the subject of Heats.
He didn´t know how to defend himself. He didn´t know how to fight. He´d never been in a scuffle his entire life. Harriet had, of course, but John had always shied away from conflict.
“No matter what, this isn’t the time or the place for this discussion,” Lestrade hisses. He grabs Sherlock’s arm and half-drags, half march him forward.
Sherlock perks up, his hands opening in a grabby motion. John stuffs the files into his hands. He counts down the seconds it takes Sherlock to recognize the significance of this particular case. He reaches two before Sherlock looks up from the file.
Most of the students in the class had grouched at what they determined was an unnecessary course-requirement, but as Doctor Fenway had pointed out in the first lecture- a doctor does not choose his patients. Though people usually thinks of Alphas and Omegas as something rare, it is a statistic probability that they´ll come across them in the course of their medical career- regardless of what field they chose to specialize in.
Sam, who’s been watching the exchange and picking up on the tension has a finger tucked against his lower lip and his hand knotted in John’s jumper.
Lestrade tries to sort out the hundreds of little voices, whispering implications, listing up people who would fit Doctor Coleman’s criteria.
“So…” DI Lestrade ventures, clasping his hands behind his back, “not suicide? But the door and window were taped shut, there’s no way for anybody to get out of the room.”
“We have video surveillance showing John leaving with the two constables at 7:30 am, and the three of them getting into the police vehicle. There are no signs or any indication of anything out of the ordinary occurring. We are currently searching the traffic cameras and CCTV to try and track the car.”
Sam asks hopefully. Sherlock smooths back his hair, peels off his gloves and tucks them into the pockets of his coat.
John leaps forward, grabbing the gun as it skitters across the floor. He turns his momentum into a shoulder roll as he hits the ground, coming up with Jane Hill’s gun cocked and ready. Sweat trickles down into his eyes and he blinks it away to clear his vision.
She shrugs a little, letting John connect the rest of the dots to the story. John forces a small smile, glad Mrs. Hudson had somebody to talk to and drink tea with after being abandoned by John.
“My Alpha, Adrian, he’s… he’s… he’s gone,” Glen Reese bawls and it takes several moments for Glen Reese to compose himself enough to continue. “He broke the Bond and left, and I… I don’t know what to do without him!  What… what will happen to me?”
“John is well,” he says instead, not daring to pursue the question at the end of that sentence. Mycroft regards him with glacial calm for a long moment.
“There were threats,” Sherlock says so calmly that you’d think it was an everyday occurrence. And yes, they do live a dangerous life, and John and Sam have spent the past three years with bodyguards, but Sherlock has never shied away from danger before. It’s been the opposite. So many times Sherlock had shown such a reckless disregard for his own safety that John had genuinely feared for his life.
He lost the habit of reading the newspaper the following weeks after Sherlock’s fake suicide when the media knew no boundaries in their speculation of the reasons why a genius would commit suicide. It did nothing to lessen John’s nightmares. Now he’s staring at the picture of the teenager and thinks that, if he didn’t already know the story, it would never have recognized the young Glen Reese smiling shyly to the camera.
At the stairs to the underground station, Sam extends his arms to John who hoists him up and tucks him against his hip. His son clings to him as they scan their Oyster cards and board the train, staring at the other passengers with large, measuring eyes.
For a moment they are tethered, as though on a brink, and John feels the moment Sherlock lets go. Feels his hands skimming along his arms, the moist breath against his neck as Sherlock abruptly pulls away. John’s heart falls so hard, he is certain the entire Yard hears it.
John’s lips twitches in an almost smile. Sam seems to have done all of his required sleeping during his first six months. There had been days when John had scoured the Internet and medical textbooks to see if it was usual for babies to sleep as much as Sam did. He had even asked Mycroft if he remembered what Sherlock had been at that age. Mycroft’s response had been a lofty tale of a Sherlock who had hardly slept at all until he was three years old and who almost drove his parents to madness. It had not been reassuring.
Allen Farren glances over at the mess of files and papers spewing from the cabinets and over the floor.
“No,” Sherlock rushes to say before John can do something foolish, like talk himself out of coming. He moves closer to John until he feels the warmth from Sam’s body. “I need your help. You’re…. good, at this sort of thing.”
He grabs Sherlock’s arm and drags him through the throng of people, carefully nudging microphones and cameras out of his way.
“I mean,” Edward’s smile loosens a little, “it’s hardly a secret. I’ve already confessed on national television that I tried to murder my own mother and that my sister committed suicide. Of course I required professional aid to sort through the trauma. I was a patient of Lee Finkle for two years, several years ago,” he tells Lestrade. “Mandatory counselling, while sentenced to the youth center. But I was never part of any Support Groups.”
Lestrade represses the urge to shrug, “and fake police identity. We believe they come from the same source that provided Jane Hill and Simon Whitwell their fake identity cards and uniforms, when they absconded with John Watson from policy custody three years ago.”
"We are employed by his widow, Rose Williams, to look into it. See if we can find something the police missed." John hears Sherlock tut impatiently and he quickly skips to the next part. "So, would you please tell us what happened?"
Charles Waxfield seems to consider this for a moment and then adds "Well, he wasn´t as tall as your bloke there" he says and waves a hand at Sherlock. "But you know, more muscle. Stockier."
John presses his lips to a thin line before he says, “you wouldn’t be subtle about it if you really wanted us to leave.”
“You’re not being very reasonable,” Lestrade tries, knowing that asking for Sherlock to be reasonable is as about as useful as demanding the mountain come to Mohammed. Sherlock’s exasperation is broadcasting as clearly as a shout.
DI Dregs scribbles a few notes on a piece of paper and hands it off to Anderson. Anderson only stares at it, before curling it into a tight ball in is fist, but he makes no motion to move.
John hadn’t been able to sleep. He had been feeling hot and restless with his breath hitching in his throat and the night playing on repeat over and over again in his mind. First he had felt exceedingly embarrassed. Not because he was an Omega, but because he´d been too paralyzed to do anything. His words too thick to get out. He couldn’t do anything but sob and beg his assailant to let go. But he hadn´t, and if Sam Milligan hadn´t arrived when he did, John would have- he could not even finish thinking the sentence.
“Hang on.” He raises a hand, halting her flow of words. It takes him a second to digest her words. “Simon Whitewell was killed? But he’s got… He wasn’t really involved in--”
“Love is a chemical defect found on the losing side, it’s simply a string of pointless transmission between neurons . It’s an evolutionary cul-de-sac, just like the male Omega.  Have you ever heard of anything as useless?  There is really no need for fertile males when there are an abundance of fertile females to carry on the species for those who are so inclined to produce progeny.”
“Right,” John wets his lips. “Well, yes,” he clears his throat again, “I’m going to call it a night.”
“That’s awfully nice of you,” John adds, “are you a relative of Mrs. Hudson….” he goes through his catalogue of names and pictures Mrs. Hudson might have shown him of her family. He knows there’s a sister in France and some nieces and nephews, but he can’t place the blonde woman amongst any of them.
“Oh, sorry, sir. It’s not for you, it’s for him, sir, Edward Blithely. It’s downstairs, sir, they are trying to determine if it is safe.”
Sherlock looks sharply at Allen Farren and John knows that in one sweeping glance Sherlock has deduced hundreds of things about Allen Farren.
The last member of the Support Group. The person who solved the Isidora Nash murder and told Crawford the truth about her death. It must be the person who recruited him to Support Circle. The nurse.
The door closes with a click. The room falls silent for a few seconds as they wait with baited breath.
His breath catches in his throat when he tries to gather his scattering wits, and he doesn’t know who presses his hand against the black door, pushes it open and leads him inside, staring at  Mrs. Hudson’s flat straight ahead.
What was it John was supposed to see? That it wasn’t real affection, that Sherlock was just acting on instincts and impulses that he could not control? That it was John’s pheromones that sent him running into the interrogation room to John’s rescue?
Disclaimer. I am probably making up some laws and procedures that doesn't exist. Please notes that this chapter contains quotes from the ACD "Bascombe Valley Mystery."
“My campaign is in no way associated with the murders of those three Alphas or any of the recent hostility and violence against the Alpha community. Alphas have committed serious crimes, crimes that the law enforcement for years has dismissed as trivial or even swept under the rug. People tire of the blatant abuse they must suffer from people who imagine having some inherent, biological, superiority, and so they revolt.”
He picks up four extra hours at the clinic and texts Sherlock to let him know he’s going to be home late. Sherlock doesn’t respond and John hopes it isn’t because he’s still prone on the sofa. He knows he’s avoiding going home, but he also knows that if he returns to Baker Street first, Sherlock will be able to deduce where he is going, who he is meeting, and John knows he won’t be able to rationalize it as a friendly drink with a witness they met on a case. At best, Sherlock will be curious and want to follow, at worst he’ll work out from their interactions that John is an Omega. He doesn’t want Sherlock anywhere near the idea that John is an Omega.
“When it was obvious it wasn’t working, I left it in Cobb’s pocket- I…maybe Jane Hill or Glen Reese took it?”
He buys himself time by pulling his glasses off his nose and cleaning them with the edge of his shirt. He feels Burrell’s eyes watching his every moment like a cat watching a prey.
“I’m… ” John tries, curling his hands into the pockets of his jacket, to anchor himself so he doesn’t throw himself at Sherlock and wrap his arms around him, bury his nose in the crook of his neck, and try to remember that delicious scent that almost had him scrambling at the floor just a few seconds ago.
They make a new cup of tea and dinner with fish fingers, rice, and carrots (without peas), that they eat at together at the kitchen table. John tries not to think about Sherlock’s obvious guilt at leaving them. He finds that he doesn’t really mind, he doesn’t feel left behind.
The Sun´s alarming headlines reads that "Nobody is Safe from the Alpha Menace," and prints a series of interviews of a young men and women who insisted that they had lived for  years in terror with their "Abusive Alpha Stalker Ex-boyfriend." Such sensationalist news tended to crop up in the media every few years, but never before had the public outcry been so adamant that something had to be done about the Alphas- though none seemed to be able to agree on just what that should be.
He’s right, of course, because Mycroft is always right. Rushing off on the first plane to London is what John wants to do, to see Sherlock with his own eyes, to smell him, to feel the heat from him, wrap his fingers around his wrist and feel his pulse beat against John’s, to let all his senses register that he is alive. Assure himself of his wholeness.
The boxes that had, a few days ago, been neatly stacked now lies spread around the flat as if Sherlock had been throwing them around. A few were open, their contents of clothes, books, kitchen utensils, beakers, maps, newspapers spilling out over the floor. The sheets have been pulled off the furniture and discarded were they fell. For one maddening moment, Lestrade wonders if Sherlock had been actually looking for John under those sheets.
“Could I like, get a pizza or something?” Simon Whitewell looks hopefully at Lestrade. "They always do that in the movie, you know, to get the suspect to talk."
“I am,” Edward nods, “we’ve already seen one such incident ending with the tragic loss of life and this evening, several were wounded and several business have had their property destroyed during riots. We still do not know the consequences of what happened….
“I understand what you are fighting for,” Sally Donovan murmurs, “and that you and your associates are not condoning violence, but there might be people who believe themselves associated with you, who are sympathetic to your cause, but who wants to take the fight into their own hands.”
And because he’s lost the ability of rational thought and coherent sentence structure, John says the only thing that comes to him.
The male constable presses his lips to a thin line and nudges his partner towards the staircase. “We’re just here to do our job.”
“Don’t you think I know why she’s been shot!” Sherlock tells John, quiet, harsh and grim. “Be quiet,  your mindless mewling is distracting.”
Sherlock turns on his heel and strides out off the room. John hears him ascend the stairs, two at a time, he hears him move around in the flat above and then he’s rushing down the stairs again. The door slams shut and then John is alone.
“Morning, sir,” Sally says, “sorry for the delay, I had to get the latest files and set up the audio feed.”
“I think we ought to do the same to them. Not being able to control their desire to drink or do drugs, it’s a lot of hogwash,” yhe redhead responds. “I refuse to believe that Alphas cannot “control their urges.” That’s utter rubbish, I’ve been plenty mad at people, or lost my temper, but I don’t attack them. If they can’t control themselves, if they are just mindless animals that behave on instincts, then they have no place in civilized society. They should be locked up so the rest of us can be safe. We do the same with alcoholics and drug addicts that can't control themselves, don't we? Everybody agrees that's acceptable and the way I see it, people are finally starting to think that's the same way about Alphas." The redhead cants her head and continues. “When Alphas attack and molest children, the only thing the police will do is shake their heads and say “oh, well, Alphas will be Alphas. We can’t punish them for what’s in their nature. That's the dreadful thing!”
The inside of the store is no less crowded, people swarm everywhere, carrying their green and gold bags, arms burdened by their heavy winter coats. John sees Sam tense up at the sight of the crowd and for a moment he dreads the telltale signs of a tantrum and a demand to return to the far more interesting elephant display. Sherlock lowers him gently to the floor and starts unbuttoning his coat and pulling off his hat and scarfs.
It's only part one and if you'd like to read how things work out for John, Sherlock, Glen, Lestrade, Molly, Mycroft and all the others, please make your way over to Chromatin. You can find it by visiting this link http://archiveofourown.org/works/3312431/chapters/7237106 or scrolling back to the top and clicking the link that views this story as a series.
The police have been here. John's shirts and jumpers and trousers are tossed into a crumpled pile on the floor. The books from his bookshelf have been pulled, flipped through and discarded. There’s a broken frame of John’s parents by the foot of the bed.  By the wardrobe lies the shoebox John uses to hide his commendations and letters from the army. The box is upturned and the medals are on the floor.
"Yes. And the only reason I´m not…." he looks at John exhales steadily. "I´m already Bonded." He pauses again, clearly giving John time to let the implicating of that statement sink in.
Somehow they make their way up the stairs, only stopping to  breathe, but they never stop touching. Sherlock has him corralled against the wall, his face pressed into the crook of his neck, breathing him in. His fingers make short progress of the button on John’s cardigan and soon it’s dropped to the floor and John demands Sherlock’s jacket joins it.
“No…., I need a moment,” he says, but what he really needs is a lifetime of moments. How is he going to manage his world again, a life with Sherlock, a life without him and-
His fear comes to life as soon as he steps off the taxi.  Several people are crowded around the bus stop, pointing at something above them. John’s breath catches in his throat, his knee suddenly gives in and he limps towards the crowd, craning his neck to see over their shoulders.
He hadn’t recognized any of the music. He even suspected that some might have been of Sherlock’s own composition. Mournful tunes that sent shivers down his spine and chased him off to their bedroom. He felt helpless and useless against Sherlock’s mounting silence and refusal to discuss the sudden turn of the case. Eventually, John collapsed in bed exhausted and restless, haunted by his Alpha’s troubles. However, as he tucked his pillow firmly under his head and curled up on Sherlock’s side, (because they had sides now) he almost thought he recognized the first strings from
“How did you feel about Doctor Fenway’s plan to publish your medical history, your life story as an Omega for everybody to read?” DI Dregs says. He leans across the table, grabbing John’s attention and holding it.
“I do not require your interference, Mycroft.” Of course, telling Mycroft to stay out of his affairs is a lesson in futility. Mycroft will do as he sees fit, like the meddlesome administrator he is.
An hour later Mrs. Kettle arrives with one of the usual bodyguards to look after Sam and the flat. She promises that they’ll have a quiet day inside, and the words seem to relax Sherlock. They meet Mary in the hallway, dressed in a raincoat and carrying a large, brown bag.  She smiles when she sees them and gives a little wave in passing.
He gives his office, his former office now, one last look and quietly closes the door with a finality he feels deep in his soul.
They’ve cordoned off the area, but a head on a stake is bound to draw a crowd, even at seven o’clock in the morning. News vans are setting up their barricades and somewhere a blitz goes off. Christ, in a few minutes this is going to be all over the Internet.
The screen fills with a google map of England, zooming in on London where severals areas are tagged Camden, East Ham, Peckham, Hackney, Lewisham.
“You didn't kill him,” Glen Reese says in a tone that makes John uncertain if it's a statement or a question.
“Yes,” DI Lestrade says, falling into place next to Sherlock who crouches down and runs his thin fingers along the edge of the door.  He pulls back for a second, tilting his head this way and that before he takes out his magnifying glass and examines the round door knob.
John, Edward and ms. Alton pile into the observation room where they can view the mortuary behind the glass window. It’s not the first time John is visiting the morgue at the New Scotland Yard, but he has always felt like an interloper and that no matter where he stands, he is in the way of the professionals. The way Sherlock moves around the room, wheeling out a gurney, flicking on the lights and locating the necessary instruments, reminds John how at ease he is in this environment and how he enjoys observing the detective in his natural habitat. It’s a stark reminder of the tentative, truce, or peace, that’s settled over 221B with all their unsaid words scattered about the apartment like a minefield.
“I thought it was very much my concern, as you’re calling them to announce my presence. I am quite looking forward to meeting them.”
*You shouldn’t bring Sam to the Yard. The sheer stupidity of its officers will hinder his mental development. SH*
Their fifth witness is a man named Dean Early. He´s a stocky academic and Sherlock and John catch him on his way out. He agrees to speak to them if they´ll walk him to the tube.
Lestrade leads them up a set of stairs and down a bright, cream-colored corridor and into a large conference room that’s been turned into a temporary office. One wall is completely covered in windows that admit pale, bright light. Along the other wall is a row of whiteboards, divided into parallel sections. They are covered in names, some crossed out, others connected by a complicated color code that John cannot decipher.
“But the two of you, you work together and…live together, and you’ve never - does he know that you’re an Omega?” Glen Reese asks carefully, as his gaze flickers from John’s to search for his Alpha’s.
Sherlock nods and opens the book, flicks through a few pages. The look on his face tells John that he approves. After a while, Sherlock carefully places the book on the table, and he disappears into the kitchen to prepare for the Christmas dinner. John suddenly finds his lap full of Sam and his book. They light the fire, even though it’s the middle of the day, the tree is lit, there is an endless supply of tea and cookies and the whole apartment smells like Christmas dinner.
“That is.” John struggles for breath a moment “quite enough. From the both of you.” He looks over to DI Lestrade, who is regaining his composure and glaring daggers at Sherlock and DI Dregs.
John’s already hard and aching and surges forward, molding his body to Sherlock’s where he can  feel the rigid form of Sherlock’s erection against his stomach. John slides his hands up along Sherlock’s arm until he can push away the shirt and expose the jut of his shoulder and the slope of his neck so he can  mouth his way down Sherlock’s jaw.
“If he’s a man to easily give in, he wouldn’t have been chosen to do the television broadcast. You should, of course, put him under surveillance immediately. He might lead us to the rest of the group though I doubt they’d risk contact now that they know Lee Finkle has spoken to us.”
White clad orderlies lifts Sherlock’s body onto a stretcher and then rapidly wheels it away. The crowd disperses slowly, people still muttering and John finally manages to shake off his helpers. Then, suddenly he’s alone, his eyes unable to tear themselves away from the large, red stain on the ground.
John grants himself two seconds to panic, before he reels in his emotions and locks them away somewhere deep and dark in his mind. He can feel his left hand still on the table, and the dull ache from his leg seep away. He looks at the book with glacial calm, his expression even and controlled.
The prospect of Mycroft’s impending embarrassment seems to cheer him up and by the time Mr. Butterfield arrives and Sam has pulled down half the scarves on the reindeer, Sherlock is smiling.
George snorts as if this is the most preposterous suggestion in the history of the universe ever. "They are freaks and I´m glad there´s none in our family" he says with a certain finality in his voice that brokers no further discussion on the topic. Lisa smiles thinly  and forces a nod of acknowledgement. She returns to her cup of salty tea, glad that the table hides the nervous tremor in her right foot.
“You don’t care about politics or justice. Expensive drink, new television. You care about money.” An image flashes in his mind, the terse prose of Doctor Coleman “
It´s almost seven years until he really thinks about the Alphas and Omegas again, when the famous "Alpha Murderer" case is plastered all over the newspaper and televisions.
Sherlock only half listens to Lestrade rattle through the information on Jane Hill’s murder and only realizes that he’s finished speaking when he hears the impatient tap of Lestrade’s foot against the floor.
Lestrade rubs a hand over the back of his neck and catches Sherlock’s eyes as the detective watches John. He knows that John and Sherlock’s relationship is a complicated one, that there’s this biological imperative that draws them together. One of the first things he’d learned about Sherlock was that he was an Alpha, but had firmly maintained that his biology was nothing but transport. Lestrade had worked with several Alphas during his career in the metropolitan police. Some had lived up to the stereotype of being too quick to anger, relentless and dominating, while other’s had been suave and charismatic.After the major actors behind the collapse of the banks were revealed to be alphas, many blamed them for their financial situation while others thought they were a menace to society because of their short temper. But, until now people had been content with merely tagging their hatred on old factory walls or ranting on the Internet.
"You did, didn't you." It wasn't a question, it was an observation. John's face gave it away. That beta and his alpha had spoken about him.
“I’m tired of suffering from a broken heart. Unrequited love is a cruel punishment. I can’t stand it anymore. Time and time again you’ve hurt me, John. I’m tired of being the strong alpha. I can’t do it anymore. I’m so very tired.”
Sherlock wanted to break free of John's hold, but his body trembled so erratically that he could scarcely stand up on his own two feet. He leaned most of his weight on John's chest.
“Thanks!” John griped, huffing out a breath of aggravation and decided to focus on calming his nerves.
"You're not an idiot, nor are you a horrible omega, Sherlock." John comforted, his anger vanishing with understanding.
It was confusing how John's words made Sherlock feel. He felt a moment of anger pass at John's insult, but it soon faded at the knowledge that John had said it as a form of annoyed affection. Confusing and unsettling in the extreme. The corner of his mouth twitched upwards before relaxing a moment later.
. Mycroft angrily thought as he canceled out of the video feed, no longer able to bear witness to the painful sight.
Pregnancy was making him into a simpleton, because his wit was diminishing, he found himself not caring and wrapped his own arms around John. Tightening his hold, Sherlock yanked John closer to himself and buried his face into the crook of the alpha's neck and inhaled an audible breath.
“We took a shortcut so we could be here when you arrived. John come and meet your in-laws.” Mr. Watson directed his son with an arm over his shoulder to face his in-laws.
Sherlock laved at the head again, before pale lips puckered and planted a sucking kiss on the tip. John whimpered pitifully, squirming at the oversensitivity of such manipulation. Sherlock’s graveling hum sent zinging pulses of rapture to overtake him.
Tears fogged his vision, but John recognized that deep resonating voice through the stuttering sobs rippling out of him. His own trembling hands rose to palm his face as he released a distressed howl. Taking deep breaths didn’t seem to be working as he couldn’t control them.
It felt so good when soft feather-light lips rained down on him, peppering brief kisses along his neck. Sherlock continued, encouraged by the yielding keens ripping out from John and he sucked ruthlessly on the newly healed bond bite. The agitated flesh reddened, agreeably so before Sherlock was springing an uncoordinated sloppy path along John’s gleaming with sweaty skin.
John kept moving, he kept rocking down on Sherlock, growls constant, strumming cock sending jolts to his balls, knot grooving on his already highly stimulated sack.
Love was one thing… but alphas needed kin. They valued packs and would want their own. Would instinct or love win out in the end? John wasn’t sure. He’d like to think Sherlock’s alpha was faithful, but…he had so many doubts.
with his pups… Sherlock’s alpha practically rolled over on its back, exposed its underside and bayed for it.
"You married me! You went into heat assuming I would so willingly accept you as my alpha?" Sherlock didn't know where he was going, but now that they were here, he was letting everything out.
Sarah’s home smelled off: it didn’t comfort him, not like the flat he shared with Sherlock, and it took John forever to fall asleep. When John woke up the next morning, Sarah greeted him before heading for the shower and John switched on the television. The news of a bomb having gone off at Baker Street had John up and out the door in seconds.
Sherlock felt a smile tug at the ends of his lips. God, he’d been right, John Watson truly beguiled him. He was just so… So perfect for him and John had yet to see it. See that no matter how different they were from one another there was just an instinctual bond between them. Sherlock loved John.
Sherlock closes his eyes and skims through his knowledge on the topic. He walks through rooms and corridors until he finds himself at the library of Oxford University where he had taken a summer course in chemistry. He had been fourteen and fascinated with the study of psychology and psychodynamics- the study of the underlying forces that governed human behavior, emotions and reactions and how it relates to sub-conscious decisions. He had wanted to understand why people did such illogical things, like when Laura Fairfield cried because Sherlock told her she was too stupid and unattractive to warrant his attention.  He discovered that  it was a useful tool in anticipating conscious and unconscious responses to sounds, images and even colors.
He’s not sure if he’s feeling disappointed, relieved or concerned- but in the end he settles for feeling hungry and dead tired.
Sherlock watches the exchange. He’s never studied toddlers before. They aren’t all that interesting, normally. Children don’t need deducing, they are vocal with their emotions, which they show clearly with their facial expressions, and are too young to cultivate any secrets or bad habits that they would try to hide. He’s only able to read minute things about this child’s life, such as the expensive coat and trousers (must be Mycroft, unless John’s married into money). No immediate family, Sherlock thinks, both the scarf and the hat is store-bought, so no grandparents or aunts to knit such a common item.
His father is hiding behind the latest issue of the Journal and Press while his mother carefully stirs one spoon of sugar into her tea, two fingers pressed against her temple and heavy bags under her dark eyes. It´s the telltale signs of a another sleepless night and she knows it will be by followed another a day of headaches and vertigo. She wonders for a moment if there is something wrong with her prescription and how she can go about seeing the doctor without her husband or children finding out.
John twists the bottle around until he finds the familiar tear in the right hand corner of the label.
Doctor Coleman nods, “that sounds plausible inspector. Overall, it would not have taken more than two hours, tops, to kill the victims and clear the evidence. Efficient, but a grim and ghastly scene.»
What the pupils in LSE100 don't know is that Julie Summers has practiced this very speech for months. She had been told that one day the add in the newspaper would come and that on that day she would have to be ready. So she had prepared. She had practiced. She’s stood in front of the mirror and practiced the right kind of memory to dredge up that single tear. Her speech has been edited and every pause, every shy glance to the floor, the faint blush that tinted her cheeks had been perfected. She knew that the lecture hall was just the general act, that the first real act would come later.
“Well, we’d best be off,” Lestrade says with fake enthusiasm, “very interesting experiment,” he gestures to Sherlock’s set up in the flat. “You’ve proved that it was certainly possible….”
This seems to alleviate the guy’s suspicion. He offers the card back to John, who declines with a polite shake of his head. The guy stuffs the card into his pocket and his shoulders slump somewhat.
How old was Sherlock when he concluded that the world was uninteresting? When had he started rebelling against boundaries in chase of his next high?
John desperately wants things to go back to the way they were before, before Glen Reese made him reevaluate everything he thought he knew about himself and his relationship with Sherlock Holmes; before Sherlock had carded his fingers through John’s hair and distilled in John the sudden realization that he desperately wanted Sherlock’s touch. He had never realized that a single, fleeting, and careless caress could be so desperately, devastatingly addictive.
“It’s been an interesting few days for you, Mr. Blithely,” the television shows host says. Her name is Alice Gardner and she is dressed in a similar somber tone to lend credence to the importance of this particular episode. The truth is that Alice Gardner’s show, Evening, London, is limping on its last legs. There’s been two seasons of dwindling ratings following the embarrassing Birkham Scandal that almost cost Alice her journalism career, if not for her quick thinking in pinning the blame on a lower level research assistant. How her producer got Edward Blithely to agree to appear on her show when almost every media mogul is vying for his attention, she’ll never know. She’s just grateful for this last rope that’s been thrown to her, even if she knows it is intended that she’ll either climb her way out of the ditch or hang herself.
John’s become quite good at adapting to unfamiliar kitchens, finding plates, cutlery, cups, and glasses. The bodyguard keeps watching him, and while John appreciate Mycroft being a stickler for security, for his dedication in seeing to the safety of John and his nephew, he can’t help but feel a little ridiculous in being supervised in the kitchen.
John wakes to a rush of data overwhelming his senses and sending his mind awhirl. The smell of the bed sheets, sweet and tart with the slight hint of sex and sweat. The sharp bite of cold air against his cheek, the sound of the traffic on the street, telling him it is mid morning. The inexplicable silence of an empty flat.
He can almost feel the heat from Molly’s embarrassment. She shuffles her feet against the carpet and he can almost hear the sound of her churning thoughts rattling around in her mind.
John walks over, standing next to Sherlock, “and the message said it was connected to the triple murder?”
A special thank you to my two pillars albinofrog, who proofread and listened to my silly ideas and held my hand through this chapter. Thanks to my Beta who yanked me away from the foul moods that just had me thinking it was best to just give up.
The question gnaws at him until he feels hollow with it. He forces the thought away, secures it in a little used room in his Memory Palace for later contemplation. he lights from the cars passing by sends tendrils of shadows sweeping over the walls. Sherlock’s eyes drift shut as he nuzzles behind John’s ear, breathing in his scent.
John goes upstairs to quickly shower and dress. He tries not to feel worried about Sherlock’s sudden descent into madness. First the Christmas tree, and now Harrods. What is going on? During the first year of their acquaintance when December came, there hadn’t been as much as a Christmas card in their apartment. John hadn’t really minded. Christmas was always about family and at that time he didn’t have the strength to navigate the dysfunctional waters of Harriet’s drinking and Clara’s sorrowful sighs.
“Oh….yeah. Now that you mention it, that is a bit strange. You’d think that if somebody had….a breakdown, they’d not limit themselves to one room.”
DI Lestrade closes the heavy door, and John takes a seat on the cold metal bench. He folds his hands in his lap and watches DI Lestrade disappear down the corridor.
“He thinks she might have fallen the first time she tried it,” Molly says, “there’s bruising around the wound, so she was definitely alive for some time after she hit her head.”
"I know this is a lot to wrap your head around," Sam tells John "Your life is going to be….different. You´re going to need to take some precautions. Or next time you might not escape unharmed"
She tethers herself to the strap of her bag, focuses on her steps, and tries to think about the weekend ahead: a visit from her sister and her youngest niece and nephew. She’ll take them to Hamleys, let them pick anything they want. If the weather is nice they can even visit the zoo, look at the penguins and the giraffes. Her sister will say she’s spoiling them but isn’t that an aunts’ prerogative? Thinking about the wonderful weekend ahead makes the walk easier.
She tries to stand, but her legs gives away and John rushes forward to catch her before she hits her head on the table. He eases her out of the chair and to the floor.
“Even if we have managed to reduce the number of possible aliases, we have not been able to identify either Nash or Braithworth. We were hoping that if we could find their files, there might be something in it that would tie them to Edward Blithely.”
John clasps his hands at the small of his back and follows DI Lestrade across the empty hall to a corridor on the opposite end and down the grey linoleum floor that leads him to the interrogation rooms. He has trailed after Sherlock’s grand, sweeping, coat down this corridor  on their way to watch the police interrogate a suspect many times.
“The cards aren’t printed at the Yard, you need to go to the Thames House to pick them up. There's a printer registration number that is made by something they are call opacity mark printing. Not to mention the lamination, the micro text, and…. other technical shite. You can't just go down to Snappy Happy Photo and get one of these made. You can't even activate them without a superior officer following you to Thames House and confirming the identification with the logs.”
Lestrade has gone utterly rigid, and for a moment Sergeant Donovan worries that he’s going to faint or throw.
In the quiet backseat of the cab, somehow, illogically empty, without John, he feels oddly tense and brittle, like the first warning drums of a sheet of ice, cracking and breaking apart. He forces the feelings aside, pushing it deep down where he doesn't need to examine it. He can delete it later.
“I…” The change in her demeanour is so sudden and brief that John almost misses it. Her eyes go as wide as saucers and she hurries forward, her gaze quickly darting from Hermes and Sherlock to the street behind him, scanning over the buildings on the opposite side of the road. To John. John sees it then, the slight tremor in her hand as she clutches her purse. She’s afraid, John realizes, and glances over his shoulder, wondering what she’s seen that has spooked her. One of Mycroft’s cars, perhaps? Or something else. He doesn’t have time to finish his contemplation, because Alexander’s hands are on him, soft but insistent.
“He’s using pseudonyms for all his patients files, look,” he shakes a handful of papers at Sally Donovan, “Jacob, Daniel, Samson, Ruth. No surnames, biblical names only.” He looks at her expectantly.
As John steps towards the tube station, a text ticks in from DI Lestrade, *Come to the Yard at once. Urgent.*
“Somebody told you Isidora Nash was killed  by her husband,” Sherlock says, filling the silence. “Who was it?”
“These murders,” John shrugs his shoulders, “I don’t see how they fit. If they meant to lure out Sherlock, they must have known he wasn’t really dead, and then what was the point of it?”
"Putting it simply- the Alpha´s urges is a part of the human brain that in Alpha-Omega nomenclature is called the "lizard brain". It is their most base, most primeval urges. It is almost impossible for them to suppress the most basic instinct of their nature. Controlling hormones is something we have mastered."
Mycroft frowns, but before he can respond, an ambulance technician calls across the room, “we need to head out, are either of you coming with us?”
"Get lost" the American says with a dismissive shake of his head and pulls back, letting the man lose. The man looks to John and John feels his body freeze in fright. The American growls and the man hunches his shoulders and dips his chin, avoiding eye contact. He moves slowly, raggedly, like a dog slinking away from a fight it just lost.
“Psychologist.” There’s a tightness in Edward’s eyes as the confession slips unwillingly past his lips. Ms. Alton scribbles something in her notes with an expression like she’s realizing that her client is walking on dangerously thin ice.
“So where would they be where they didn’t feel threatened?” John asks, looking at the long list of names that Edward Blithely had published. Someone, Lestrade probably, has highlighted the names, Joseph Braithsworth and Andrew Nash, but Sherlock beats him to the question.
The air outside is cool and refreshing and John feels slightly more sober. Students are milling about, smoking, laughing and smiling and there is a jaunty and optimistic buzz in the air that the end of term brings. Most of the exams are done and the long stretch of summer spans in front of them.
Disclaimer: This chapter contains quotes and references from The Hound of Baskerville, both the book by ACD and the BBC episode and ACD's A Case of Identity, Sign of Four and the BBC's The Empty Hearse. And probably some other episodes.
He says all this in one breath while he moves about the flat, unaware that John feels every word like a stab of pain. Sherlock gathers up pieces of papers and pins them to his crime scene wall. Then he pauses by the window, hands clasped at the small of his back.
Doctor Alexander Lee Finkle had been Glen Reese’s attorney and, later on, primary physician. She has spent a good deal of energy in attempting to pin part of the motivation and blame of Glen Reese’s crime on John. She hadn’t been very successful, after all she found herself in a duel with one of Mycroft’s pin-striped-suited men. But John cannot forget the way she had worn him down him in court.
Jane Hill tosses her head and Cobb moves slowly towards the door, keeping his gun trained on John as Jane Hill moves to the doorway.
John blinks at him. "What? No, I-". John hears sniggering in the background and finds it oddly comforting.
"Bloody hell, let go!" John cries, his tone tense and uncertain. The man is at least a head taller than him and the way he´s looking down at John makes his mouth taste like sour bile. He squirms and tries to break free, but the man only tightens his grip on his shirt.
“Hundred and fifty-eight” Yu Kosaki says, “sexual assault is by far the most common criminal offense. We still haven’t figured out how Edward Blithely managed to identify the individuals from this Fenway’s patient files to the names on the List.”
John suspects he has even done well in Doctor Fenway´s class. Doctor Fenway teaches a mandatory introduction course on the anatomy, physiology and psychology of Alpha and Omegas. John had found the classes fascinating, even if the anatomical diagram of a pregnant male Omega had left him feeling a bit squeamish and uncomfortable.
"Sherlock, there is something you ought to know-" John tries, as Sherlock starts to unbutton his cardigan with his long, slender fingers. He can feel his heart beating erratically against his chest as Sherlock breathes warm, moist air against the wet patch he just licked against his neck. His fingertips brush the short hair at the nape of his neck, drawing them closer together.
(Lee Finkle, A., A Critical Analysis of the Alpha/Omega Relationship in Modern Media. A/O Press: 2009)
