His biggest fan, little six-year-old Peter Parker, had cheered for him the entire time. With a fan base like that, how could Tony ever lose? The very word was not on his vocabulary.
The omega must have done something outlandish to have caused all the shifters to furiously pretend he didn't exist. Tony was curious to find out what. Besides, the other omega looked around Tony’s age, so if not for the sake of finding out the truth, at least he had someone who was in the same predicament as him to talk to. If Tony was going to live the rest of his life pack-less the least he could do was make companions and keep them until they left him behind for their new pack and a new home.
Tiny seven-year-old Tony wrote a letter to have a friend for Yule. It was all he wanted. A true friend. One his father just couldn’t buy for him. A friend that wanted to play just to play and not for money.
Steve leaned in, closing the space between them. Nose to nose. “When you ran into me the smell didn’t change. You still smelled of home. Now more than ever. You’ve given me love and now you’re growing my family. You’re asking me why. The simple answer is, I love you.”
“What’s this?” Jan suddenly appeared next to them. “Love? Betrayal? Treason? Sorry, I couldn’t help but overhear. Who’s betraying who? Who has wounded the other? Who has a big secret they haven’t said?”
For a second he felt nearly twenty years younger and the little, scrawny nine year old alpha he met in that small town was there and standing next to Steve, sharing the same look but somehow looking determined, too.
For a moment they remained like this. Steve still had his mouth on his neck, kissing the tender skin. Hard breathing filled their ears as their bodies calmed down from their high until eventually Steve pushed his arm between the bed and Tony’s chest, held him close, and moved them so they were lying down on their sides. Similarly to how they had woken up.
Somehow, even while in heat, Tony managed to feel embarrassed under Steve’s questioning prodding. “No?”
Another attempt at the wrist had the arm abandoning his middle and going lower on his abdomen, making him squeak as it stopped inches away from touching his uninterested length. Then he felt movement behind him. Steve’s face burying even closer as his larger shoulders shook and Tony narrowed his eyes as the movement and the huffing noises the alpha created sounded a lot like laughter and someone doing their best, and failing, to hold it in.
His desperation grew as the seconds ticked by and Steve continued moving between his erection and back to his thighs and his folds. The heat burning and burning and burning in him. He needed so much. He needed more.
Clint gave a push against the mane and tried wiggling from under the feline. “In your dreams, Thor.”
In this case, Steve, leader of the Avengers pack, was offering fish to Tony while shifted. Offering what was basically a meal and sharing with Tony, sharing with… ‘mate.’ Tony’s brain might have stopped for a full minute, possibly longer, and no one could blame him for it. This was Steve doing the act.
Tony pulled the blanket over his head when every. Single. One of the Avengers made faces of approval. Then the scent must have finally reached them for those same faces soon wrinkled their noses simultaneously, including Natasha’s and Loki’s.
Tony searched for answers at the mention of ‘distress’ coming from the alpha. What had happened for Steve to come rushing down? What sent him in the panicked state Thor had stated? Were they in danger?
Pepper Potts, who had been standing next to Rhodey, walked up and studied the wall, taking note of the turns in the pattern and the holes that appeared to have been made from long years of erosion. “Is this the only opening of the structure?”
“Not you, too, Brucie,” Tony pouted, groaning when Vision released a series of beeps. He turned and started walking towards the shacks in a huff, keeping in mind how easy it would be to loosen his grip on the little roly poly. Maybe that’ll teach him for pretending to be asleep.
There was also something else he remembered from time to time. There wasn’t exactly anything incredible that occurred in it or anything good that came from it besides making Tony feel... worth something.
Tony quickly scrambled his head for something to say. He had to be careful as to not accidentally insult Jan, but at the same time he couldn’t say something that made him sound vain. “I look, uh, handsome. More so than usual,” he added to put a playful spin and show he wasn’t serious.
Tony had once upon a time been familiar with these remedies, back when he had been healthy and young enough to have natural heats. Then those remedies soon changed from suppressants to boosters when he found his body unable to naturally produce heats anymore. These boosters were meant to aid his body and bring forth his times, but they hardly took, leaving him devastated more often than not, and when they
Even though his body tensed up the omega must have expected the question. He gave a forced smile and reserved eyes as if practiced. On his shoulder Tony could feel Jarvis hunching and slowly puffed up his feathers, preparing himself for anything.
Vision rolled back and forth, his head kept in place to continuously look at him. The beeps he created were high, long and encouraging and his speech lasted for ten seconds. Tony gave him a grateful smile for it, already feeling better. “Thank you, Vision.”
Steve pulled back. His ears were low and his eyes were wide. As if he was just as surprised as Tony about their situation.
“I rushed out the door when I realized you had only taken your bag. All your clothes were still in your room and I thought maybe you went out for a walk, but I couldn't find you anywhere. Going to town was the last option and I prayed all the way that I'd catch up to you on time to convince you to give us another chance.”
Because of his age and health and scarring he wasn’t in his prime to be showed off, so that marked him off to any alphas wanting a prize. He also never had any experience being a den mother since Hammer’s pack weren’t exactly keen on wanting to be mothered. His years voided of workmanship also prevented him from physically working long hours now. That only left him with one last purpose; breeding. Even that wasn’t an option he could do. For as long as he could remember he had been infertile. Every time Hammer tried to impregnate him it never stuck. No matter what he took, what nasty concoction that promised to aid in pregnancy, how many times Hammer attempted, he remained barren. The fault wasn’t in Hammer. The moment he shared a night with the newest and youngest omega of the pack there was already a future Hammer in the making by the next morning.
“Uh-huh,” Sam eyed him as well, searching for a visual. “Seems dangerous to do if it makes you unresponsive like that. We’ve been trying to get your attention.”
The instinct to hide Vision away flared up. It was a simple question, but the alpha was still a stranger and still an alpha and Tony had no idea what he was capable of, and if the alpha suddenly had an interest on his little machine who knew what he would do to him.
Everyone instinctively looked to Tony’s sprained wrist being held in Bruce’s hands, including Tony himself. Confused he said, “I-I’m fine, just a hurt wrist.”
Tony must have appeared similar to a fish with the way his mouth opened and closed at a loss for words. Caught unawares, he didn’t have a witty response to the obvious joke.
He flattened himself on the ground, as low as he could go in submission. “Rhodey… please stop. They’re my leader and second in command. I deserve whatever they decide on for attacking him.”
No time was wasted after that. Everyone got to work to get the fire going and start preparing the kill. It was tasteless and a little dry but as starved as he was it was heavenly when Tony finally got to chew on it and had it settled in his hungry stomach. He’d imagine his pups were also appreciative of finally having food themselves.
The hand Hammer held on the back of Tony’s neck squeezed. It caused Tony to shiver coldly. Hammer’s thumb was right over Steve’s bite mark. It wasn’t a good feeling. Especially not when that thumb was digging in. It made Tony hiss.
It had turned out Thor’s mother was a highly requested and very sought-after midwife. She had years of experience and secret remedies she herself only knew. She had designed spells that catered to the wellbeing of the carrier and the babe. Her talent and recommendation spanned the lands where Thor’s family resided. She was given the name The Goddess of Fertility for the high rate of successful births under her watch.
Simultaneously, everyone, including the beta Clint was trying to compliment, Bruce and even Jarvis, turned around to give the beta a dry look. So dry the area had practically turned into a desert. For a solid ten seconds they just stood there staring at him. Clint was apparently unaffected by the looks or just used to them because he remained as so with his crossed arms and eyes closed.
Winter holds no such hesitation. “Steve’s gone feral. Everyone step back. We can’t spook him. Who’s got a tranq?”
“You'll love her, you really will. She's a fierce alpha with a fiery temper and pure dedication who won't stand getting talked down without a fight. She's a packmate who’s currently leading another pack at the moment. My previous third in command, actually. She and I gave Natasha the title when she was appointed leader.”
Tony imagined it. Very vividly. No hesitation and no shame as he rode Steve, going as deep as he could without pain. How would his hips move? Would he circle them briefly before he continued bouncing in place? Would he last long or tire out easily after a couple of minutes? Would Steve touch him as he did so or keep his hands to himself? Letting himself be used until Tony’s heart was content?
Of course a bath couldn’t hurt, but Tony didn’t see it happening tonight. The Avengers all looked to have claimed a turn on the bath, and it appeared to be a first claim first serve situation. Maybe tonight Tony wasn’t going to get a chance to bathe, but perhaps tomorrow he’d have better luck.
you, not because he wanted something from you. This - this doesn’t change anything. You decide what to tell us or what not to tell us. It’s your right, and no one, not even us, can take that from you.”
Tony understood what Jarvis was saying. Steve wanted him and only him, but time changed opinions, and what if later on Steve got the desire to have little Steves running around?
“Yet somehow I managed to win you over with my charm and my smile,” Clint gave an attempt at said charming smile.
He was just a problem after another for his pack. All of the issues caused by his own hands. By this point what war pack in their right mind would consider taking him along for contracts? Considering he couldn’t handle disappointing others or being a nuisance without getting emotional, he was nothing but a liability to everyone, especially to Steve.
The jet had landed near the edge of a marked location with tents and SHIELD agents walking around. From the air both Steve and Bucky managed to see the the collapsion of dirt that created a giant circle in the center. An agent came to fetch them and they were led right to this collapsion that had a opening to it. On closer inspection they found the dirt surrounding this opening were stuck together by some sort of material that, when touched, gave a chill down to their bones. The dirt was frozen and Steve could have sworn that, if it wasn’t for the serum in his body and Bucky touching the dirt with his metal arm, they would have gotten frostbite from touching it with their bare skin.
,” Steve stretched out the word and bopped him on his nose, “are enough for me, sweetheart. I don’t know if you’ve noticed but we’ve been intimate more times than the average shifter, and I may be young but even I can’t do the impossible in the span of a day. You bring that out of me.”
“No!” Tony cried as he pushed his way to try and reach the betas now holding pistols aimed at Jarvis. “No -
Oh, all right, that was unexpected. Tony kneeled down to be somewhat at eye level with the child. “You didn’t have to get into a fight for me. I’m not worth getting into a fight for, trust me, but thanks for defending my honor,” Tony poked the tip of the child's nose playfully.
“The little human seeks answers. You have traveled far and searched wide just to be told your purpose,” the hydra mocked. “You are nothing but a sack waiting to be filled and used. The dragon and his pets had lost their bodies, just as I had lost mine. In one of our many battles our magic collided and destroyed us, turning our bodies to stone. We no longer existed for many years. None found us and our old land became our prison, our old bodies our chains, but you humans prove to be a reasonable substitution. Even as we speak your body is changing. The dragon’s magic building itself inside you. Soon he will break free, the beast wanting freedom again and finish what he failed centuries ago.”
forward with all his might. His right gauntlet released a blast of energy, white, bright and full of bone-breaking force.
Except for their entire team. Sam and Bucky decided to be jerks and left to celebrate the night with Sam’s parents. They had told Steve it was an important thing. Something about Bucky meeting the parents, but Steve still thought they were mean.
“Iron Man is down. I repeat, Iron Man is down. In need of urgent medical attention. Cap is…” Falcon’s voice trails off.
seeing Steve. Someone like that alpha was unforgettable, with or without the title of Captain. Tony wouldn’t just walk by Steve in a neighboring town and
“We don’t need a scent for me to want you, Tony. You just have to ask.” Tony released an undignified squeak when Steve suddenly thrusted, tugging and pulling his walls with his knot.
Steve rode him in a manner he had never seen. The heat he engulfed Tony with left and came back and the friction his skin created build up in Tony’s very core. Sensations blended together and all Tony could do was hold on to his alpha’s biceps as his nerves burned from all the pleasure. He held on with all his might, even as his ears filled with nothing but the sounds of their groaning and the wood of the bed creaking. Every inch of his body pulsed and he couldn’t tell where he ended or Steve began.
Bruce didn’t put up a fight when it came to leaving the shack and traveling with them but he became hesitant when Tony mentioned wanting to head for a northern shack near a city. For one reason or another Bruce didn’t want to get close to populated areas and Tony was willing to bet it was because of his shifted form. At first Tony believed one of the reasons behind it was the possibility of the other omega not being
Steve barked an order and had the pack rearranging to best build a defense and offense. Once settled he picked up the pace and down the road the Avengers went.
Tony felt his stomach drop even before Steve finished the question. The idea didn’t sit well with him. In fact, the idea was painful to think about.
He felt the feathers puff up against his skin, not from any tension but from the affection in the words. “Always, Sir.”
Granted they were probably right, and Bruce had a fair point, but still. He'd rather not have it pointed out.
That was news. Bad news. If Rhodey’s military pack were to catch wind of Rhodey creating his own pack they might think he’s abandoning them and might dishonorably discharge him for it. “Please tell me you haven’t been seen by any military packs out there,” Tony begged.
“I believe the custom for when one is interested in the affection of another is they must ask for permission first from their guardian, Sir,” Jarvis carefully nipped his ear.
When they reached the spot Tony found it was exactly how the two betas described it. There was a spot of open ground with grass decorating the surface and trees that were each partnered with a bush sprouting delicate looking red flowers. There was hardly any sun beside the few rays that managed to pass through the leaves and a few feet away was the river mentioned, softly flowing and making the forest smell of fresh water.
It was a pile. Not a completely close pile where everyone was in contact with two other pack mates, but a pile none the less. And with Bruce pressing against his back, and Jarvis and Vision pressing on his stomach and one side of his face buried in Steve’s fur Tony felt content and… and… giddy. Giddy from how
Steve didn’t join in on the laughter, too focused on apparently grooming Tony until every inch of him smelled of Steve. Tony had to wonder if he was truly fine with his friends staying. The last thing he wanted was to force Steve and move against his leadership. It was his pack, after all. He made the decisions, choosed who was to join and who was not, and Tony was grateful that he offered a place to stay for his friends, but just because Tony was his mate didn’t mean he had a say when the pack was involved.
Tony was unprepared and jumped a little when Steve suddenly turned around to face him. The eyes of the female shifters followed his gaze and pinned him down. Tony felt a cold sweat.
Raising a pup alone wasn’t unheard of, but it wasn’t the family Tony had imagined for himself either. He wasn’t even sure if he was ready to take on the responsibility of caring for another life.
There was no answer. Steve growled at that and was accompanied by the growls from Bucky. Then there was the sounds of fighting, of growls that were associated with biting and crunching of grass as bodies were thrown on it. Then as suddenly as it started it stopped, but the voices didn’t.
There were some days where Tony wondered how his life would have been like if someone had promised to search for him the same way the child did. Sometimes he wondered if the child would have kept his promise and sought him out when he was old enough to take a mate, but knowing how kids’ minds worked the child had probably forgotten all about it. Still, what Tony would give to find a mate that stared at him just as that kid had done. Stared at him as if he was something to be cherished.
All thoughts seized in his head. No, no, this was all Rhodey doing his little white lies in order to help his confidence. There was no possible way Tony smelled anything but foul. Hammer hadn’t been the only one to comment on his stench. The entire pack gave their own commentary of it, feeling it required for Tony to know personally.
(Tony figured once he got close enough to sniff him), didn’t even try to talk to anyone and the rest seemed just as firm to keep away from him, walking around eggshells.
He never found out what happened to the kid. Hammer never took them back to the town, but he figured the child most likely stayed in the town and continued the family pack. Found himself a mate and had maybe three or four pups running around. Worst case scenario he passed away from unfair fights or from his body giving way. Survival of the fittest, after all.
Sam was kind of like Natasha and Clint. He was a grown man. He knew about the birds and the bees. He didn’t care, but he was thoughtful enough to remind Tony that “it’s not love without a glove, man,” and made sure he didn’t go off and accidentally create the next generation of Stark. So far, there hadn’t been a sign of it happening, and Tony planned on keeping it that way. While he may be a playboy, he was also a careful one. Protection, lubrication, the works. Always in his pocket. No exceptions. He made it to his forties with a clean bill of sexual health for a reason. He planned on keeping that record secured.
It would have been better if Steve hadn’t remembered anything, as opposed to being given so little and have his mind trying to fill in the gaps of what could’ve happened. Taunted by imagery that could’ve been and couldn’t, until his sanity would eventually snap.
He shut the door and placed his traveling bag down. One look around the room and he found, even if he was to sleep with all this free space and only a cockatoo and roly-poly machine to help him fill it up, he didn’t mind. He had something to look forward to. The pack, Bruce, Steve. He couldn’t wait.
“Do you want this?” she said with a careful tone. There was more to the question, hidden from those unaware.
He remembers being shot at, his body twitching at each impact, but not the pain. He remembers their weak attempts with their electric batons that had no effect. He remembers watching some flee for their lives. Watching them like a predator toying with its prey. None escaped.
The Hulk didn't even use his sharp claws or fangs. Instead, he opted on balling up his large paws and smashing the three Hydra to the ground. They were instantly unconscious. Amazed but unable to stand still and admire Tony quickly jumped into action when he noticed Rhodey aiming his rifle at the Hulk, standing between the barrel and his large friend.
He reeled back and flinched a little. That was as much disrespect as Tony was going to get from a child and didn’t that just hit him deep. Receiving this treatment because of his second gender.
“Everyone look alive. Home is within sight,” Natasha interrupted his train of thought, successfully distracting Jan and the rest of the pack. Tony breathed in relief, tension melting away, but then Natasha looked at him and Bruce directly and a chill ran down his spine. Tony must have been seeing things because the glint in the red-headed alpha’s eye couldn’t be mistaken for anything else but awareness. It was a knowing glint.
Tony felt the knot begin to grow and get caught by his walls, keeping them locked together and pushing Steve further inside him. The burning cum that his alpha released was sucked in eagerly by his body, every drop milked and welcomed.
“I’m not sure…” Tony admitted. He was to spend time with Steve, if the alpha still wanted to, but other than walk around he didn’t know what else they were to do, or how else he was supposed to use the day until their walk happened.
He gave another turn of the room, paused in front of the bed where Jarvis and Vision were waiting and crossed his arms self-consciously. At that moment it was all he could notice. His own presence about to be introduced to a town with the Avengers. “Are you sure?”
Tony swallowed, looked at the hand holding his and gripped it slightly, nodding. Bruce had answered the first question, giving his permission to hang out with the Avengers if Tony wanted, and honestly? Even if Tony didn’t he couldn't say no to that earnest and hopeful face of Steve’s. It was near impossible to. Maybe he was biased because he had desires, but there was something about Steve that Tony had the urge to please.
“I know they were,” Tony said, returning his attention to Bruce and trying to sound convincing. He didn't want to worry the omega with his self-doubt.
“I get why you thought that, but this is pack. There is no doing it alone. Every pack and it's alpha leader works differently and place their own rules, but you've been with this particular bunch long enough to know they want to help. They are there for each other, and your mate? Don't even get me started on him,” Tony sniffed at the mention of Steve, feeling guiltier and guiltier. “He's good people. They all are. You're part of their pack, their family. There will be hiccups here and there from both you and them, there's no avoiding that, but you can't just run away and hide when things get tough, either.”
A little embarrassed and unable to keep eye contact, Tony looked down. It was certainly something to think about. Had Steve truly done all this, putting himself front and center, to impress him while also helping his boy?
But then again, Natasha didn’t appear as the type of shifter to waste her time on something as foolish as pranks, even though she was currently doing one on him. Had she been ordered by Steve to follow through and put up with their joke? That would explain why she was participating. After all, she looked like she’d kill any inconveniences that served no purpose and got in her way.
Rhodey had always lied down and exposed his belly to Tony, something that young alphas were taught to never do. Only show your weakest to other alphas who best you, outrank you, or had earned your respect. Omegas didn’t deserve and never required this show of submission from an alpha. Omegas were the ones to always submit. Young alphas were told never to show more than what an omega deserved, but no matter how many times Rhodey had heard this saying he’d always throw a big ‘go to hell with your beliefs’ and would do the exact opposite, doing everything he was told not to and treating Tony as an equal. At least until other alphas tried walking over him, then Rhodey turned into that protective alpha looking over his pack.
He carefully made his way over. Their gazes never faltered to the point of Tony having to duck his head in order to find some relief from their heavy stares. Steve wrapped an arm around his shoulder upon his arrival. It gave him comfort and the confidence to look up again. There was no reason to feel nervous, he told himself. He didn’t know who these two shifters were yet, therefore he had no reason to be scared or feel displeased by their show of affection to his alpha.
Steve's eyes softened. “No, if you're tired then we stop here. I won't push. How about sleeping tomorrow after eating?”
Tony tried swallowing the lump in his throat. He wasn’t worth leaving a pack for and yet that was exactly what Rhodey, Pepper and Happy had done. They traded in their homes for traveling the lands searching for him, all the while Tony had been sleeping comfortably on a warm bed with a roof over his head and cuddling together with his pack. They had given up their comfortable lifestyle for his sake and he had nothing to give back to them for it.
A couple of days after trying out Jan’s outfit Tony woke up bright and early on an ungodly hour. The plan was to rise and start traveling to Hattan before anyone had the chance to spot him. His goal was the blacksmith and working for them, and his hope was to do it alone and avoid revealing his skill to his packmates, at least for now. Tony wanted to pass disclosing anything to them involving his building hands and magical qualities for as long as he could keep it secret. If he were to announce or if anyone were to see him making a trip to Hattan they would surely join and follow him to the blacksmith. No, he had to go with only Jarvis and Vision as his company.
Angst at the beginning, talking sense into Tony, hints of Jan and Hank's past, and Loki showing a very educational, though assholish, side of himself.
in the first place. Nothing good came out of comparing two people. Especially not when one of those was
Still, no matter how dangerous Tony wasn’t going to leave. He liked Bruce, and after that night of meeting the Hulk, he had a general idea of what to expect and perhaps how to handle the giant. So long as he didn’t overstep or was an immediate danger to Bruce the giant wouldn’t make an appearance.
With one loud moan he did just that for Steve, soaking the watered floor and his alpha’s fingers with his slick.
So this was Tony Stark when he traveled. He was the one who, wolf or human, walked on roads or rode a carriage with a giant umbrella cockatoo on his shoulder and carried a bag that had a lump inside with the head of a machine poking out. Even now as he left the pack and was temporarily living in the shacks Jarvis and Vision remained by his side. Jarvis had a reason now more than ever to leave his side. Now that Tony was packless and unable to provide the cockatoo with a home. The same went with Vision, especially since Tony couldn’t afford to buy the necessary items to repair should the little machine suffer a severe injury. Only the great deities of the sky knew how long it would take for a pack to take Tony in. They were going to live on the road for quite some time.
A tingling sensation traveled down his spine. Steve had enjoyed it and a type of satisfaction ran through his veins from hearing the alpha say that. “I did, too,” despite the shaky beginning they had.
Tony woke up on his side to the smell of grass dew and Bruce and a small dose of Jarvis. Opening one eye and with a blurry view he spotted the pack scattered around the area while still being considered close by to each other. Tony and Bruce and distance away from them.
They were not only entering the structure they were going deep into the ground belly of the place. Usually that meant whatever the structure was hiding needed an enormous amount of space, which more often than not entailed the hidden item to be huge, moving and very much alive.
“Yes,” Tony said with a hint of pride. He ignored some of his packmates huffing in insult. “Honey bear, this is my pack, the Avengers. Everyone, this is my Honey bear, Rhodey. Best friend since childhood. Papa wolf at the best of times and mama bear at the worst.”
They managed to hear a squawk right before the massive bird that was Jarvis landed on Tony's head. The combined strength from the momentum he appeared at and the weight forced Tony down and snap his head against Rhodey's neck. The two of them groaned from the impact while the cockatoo stood tall and proud, like a king on his throne.
Too bad his emotions didn’t agree as the familiar heavy pang of dejection filled his chest. This should be no different from Hammer, but the faces of well-known heroes attached to the jabs were not helping.
“Considering the ages required to be called a child I highly doubt this to be ‘playing nice with the other kids.’”
“We can’t do that, Puppet. Not until we get what we won. Can’t wait to taste ye. Bet ye’ll be the sweetest omega I’ve ever had.”
Tony looked away from the exchange, focusing on his food again and snorting when Jarvis sneaked another berry from his plate. He made a barrier with his arm and shooed the cockatoo away when he made another move to snatch another berry.
because his interest had wavered or Tony wasn't enough anymore that Tony feared the most. He didn’t believe Steve would ever do that to him, and the thought never once crossed his mind since Steve started courting him, but seeing his alpha go after another brought forth even more insecurities he wasn’t aware of.
“How - how long were you waiting?” Tony managed. He felt brave. Braver than he had ever felt in their presence, and yet still his hands shook and his palms were sweating. He attempted his hardest to stop it. “How l-long until you made your move?”
They were never to take him out on a contract again, not after running away upon the situation growing tense, and now after they've seen how he handled his panic that had been induced by his heat? It would be a miracle if they allowed him to stay even to watch over the den. The possibility of him burning down their home upon the moment his emotions get the best of him a real reason for concern.
Tony gripped his arm. “It was planned, Steve. They had the time and the money to strike in the last place any of us expected. You can’t blame yourself for that.”
He was shaking, the fear of knowing what would happen if he was caught. No one would know of what happened to him except for the trees and the sky.
Tony, on the receiving end of a face full of fur from Steve’s neck, could only lie back and feel every time Bucky added pressure via giant stubborn wolf who was apparently in denial of the morning. There was no escape with Steve’s body weight and grip pinning him down.
Tony made a small noise when Steve placed him down on the nearest couch, prompting Clint to slide off and sit on the floor to make room. When the two alphas made their way to the front door and went through it a tension he hadn’t realized fall over them disappeared. Everyone breathed out.
On the first of the next year, Tony was gone again but Steve wasn’t sad. He would just have to ask Santa to bring him back again.
The silence that follows was near deafening. Rogers had no words. He scowled at Tony with a look that could kill a man, but miraculously Tony was still standing and Tony could clearly see a strike of red across Rogers’ face that didn’t come from their earlier arguing.
Whew, it finally happened. I struggled to try to picture the perfect way for this to happen. Struggled I say.
“As flattered as I am, Tony, it’ll never work out between us,” Bruce chuckled and sat down on the table in order to wait for their meal.
Some minutes passed and even though Tony felt exhausted he found sleep eluded him, his mind returning back to the invitation and the thought of joining the Avengers making him feel both excited, nervous and terrified.
The one facing Rhodey was up next, “How do you expect to fight me like this? You are but children to me.”
“I know. I believe you,” he said one more time. If he listened hard enough he almost swore it true. There might even be confidence in the statement.
With every step, they got closer and closer and closer until Steve led them off the roads and into the forest with no accurate destination besides taking cover with the trees and sneaking deeper. At one point Steve had ordered a “now, Loki” and the serpent shifter was quick to hold his left hand out with the palm open to the sky, building up magic and focusing it. He whispered an enchantment Tony couldn’t hear and swiped his arm out in a half-circle to the ground. The green light he had created floated downward to their feet, swirling as if made of smoke and disappearing upon contact with their legs, in Vision’s case his entire body. After everyone received their dosed he nodded to Steve, spell in place.
The feathery white umbrella cockatoo that was currently resting on his back squawked, ruffled his feathers and nodded before taking off. He flew towards the direction of the shack. In his wolf form, it was easy for Tony to chase after the bird and keep up. He spotted the cockatoo resting on the roof of a brown and worn out shack, bouncing his head up and down and flapping his wings.
“We will have many opportunities to travel together, but this one will not be it. Do you understand?”
being part of the Avengers pack. They were visitor after all and their visitation had come to an end after nearly reaching a week stay.
“He speaks truth,” Thor nodded. “To many that weapon is nothing but a hold. To Loki it is a powerful means for his sorcery.”
To his dismay, a large bucket was fitted by the corner. The final nail. Tony was really going to be locked down here. He had no reason to make a trip up the stairs now. He would be lucky to see the light of day again.
Still, Steve waited. Not looking the least bit bothered by Tony’s uncertainty. The others were probably watching them, or maybe they were not. Tony’s eyes were only on Steve and his mind was plagued by the desire to just get out. He shakingly took the offered hand, used his other to perch Vision on his arm and stood. Steve steadied him on his feet and began leading him towards the door, but after taking the first step Vision released a whistle and Jarvis ruffling one of his wings. “Vision and I shall remain here, Sir. Please, go and get some fresh air. We shall wait.”
“I don’t think you have to worry about Loki sneaking up on you during the middle of the night. He seems to enjoy using his spells for fun and tricks when everyone is together. He wants others to see besides himself.”
Clint was also on his two feet and was in the middle of getting rid of his armor. Armor, Tony noticed now that he was studying it, that didn’t look light and probably wasn’t meant for simple traveling. It was heavy and designed to take blows straight on, unlike the expected quick tussle that occurred from raiders attacking in the middle of the road. Which could only mean the Avengers were either heading for a fight against a strong pack or they were returning from just having a fight against a strong pack.
For Jan, he created gloves. Both the same in that they carried one rune each and would activate upon meeting, but instead of both runes being white, he experimented and switched one rune for a yellow. A rune that created pressure and worked very well against abiotic material. He made them similar to his own. Capable of releasing a blast of pressure and electricity. Upon testing, he found they could easily tear through armor, no matter the material, but didn’t do much to skin. They were truly created to sting, much like her title.
“Don’t you want a bath?” Steve shut the window and closed the shutters, giving them their privacy again.
involved. From what I’ve gathered we should expect up to four packs of them. All with double digits. At worse, five. It’s going to be a large group.”
“How about we hear from Tony himself before we keep praising Steve.” Jan’s tone suggested there was no alternative and left no room to protest from anyone, including himself.
Tony blinked and then blinked again because the Avengers pack were right there without their crowd of fans and were looking at him and Bruce. Why were they there?
“Well,” he eventually said, “I hope you have great pick up lines. He’s kind of oblivious sometimes.”
“Tony…” he heard Steve say but he knew the arms wrapping around him belonged to his best friend. He buried his face in the fabric of his shirt. The smell that belonged purely of Rhodey soothing in its own way.
The cockatoo took a pause. “I find what we saw of the Avengers… a refreshing new start. Perhaps worth taking a chance on. They appeared genuinely concerned when Vision was distressed and don’t seem to hesitate with Doctor Banner.”
Steve looked to be straining from saying something. “Not doing any recruiting today I’m afraid. Perhaps another time.”
With a feeling of loss he grabbed the clothing and put them on. The loose shirt with long sleeves covering all the way to his hands and the pants that barely defined his legs weren’t exactly flattering or even respectful enough to spend an important evening with someone but… he really had no other options.
“So it’s not wrong to assume we are part of the pack, of the Avengers pack? This war pack is our own. Meaning we have equal rights to those gathered here, no matter how low in the dynamic. Meaning,” he said with emphasis, “we have every right to be included in this meeting and included in this contract as everyone else here.”
Tony let his head fall on his paws again. He was getting tired now. Both emotionally and now physically. His heat was really taking a toll on him. It had been far too long. “Go ahead. The more the merrier.”
“In assumption, you integrate runes with everyday items and give them a magical quality, and an item that is most often sought for is weaponry, thus meaning the pit is to demand weaponry of you. How close am I to the truth?”
His shoulders hunched when he felt something flick over his hind leg. It was impossible for it to have been Steve and the Hulk was too busy staring at their surroundings to have done it. That left Hank as the culprit and he felt his stomach drop. Was this it? Was Hank going to start his lecture of what he had done wrong?
Tony’s walls allowed Steve to enter with little to no resistance and in one smooth move Steve was all the way in. Tony released the breath he didn’t know he had been holding. His eyes were wide and he was staring at the ceiling in wonder. There was no pain, no bleeding, nothing of discomfort and Tony couldn’t believe it. The feeling of Steve pulsing inside him was evident enough it was all real and
Steve held him long after the apology, long after the alpha’s tears dried up and long after their declaration of love. Now it was just a matter of who dared to move first and stop their loving moment together. Tony almost didn’t want either of them to give in, content with having Steve wrapped around him, protective and relaxed and filling Tony’s nose with his soothing scent. He could have stayed like that all the way until the sun descended and the moon basked the land under its light. He could have, but eventually they’d have to start their tired muscles or risk getting a cramp or two.
“Something is about to go terribly wrong,” Clint said in a dry tone of humor and of experience as if this very situation had occurred before. His eyes were sharp and he was just
As his first official appearance with the Avengers to the public, Tony tried really hard to hold himself with confidence. He even asked Rhodey for advice on how to walk, how to seem lethal and how to add instead of taking away from the dangerous image their pack created with little trouble. Rhodey’s advice had consisted of standing straight and keeping his gaze forward, never look or have his eyes wandering without purpose, and to pretend to have weights on his feet for his steps to appear heavier as if the weight of the world was on his shoulders. The last and most important advice had been, “Think murder.”
Jarvis did a bird impression of a snort and even covered his beak with his wing to mimic a human hiding their face in amusement. Bruce, who was sitting on Tony’s right, released a chuckle that turned to an open laugh as Vision continued. He managed to pick up some of Vision’s wordings over the course of the time they were together and Tony knew Bruce had an idea of what the machine had said. The Avengers, however, had no clue on what was going on and perked up in interest, wanting to know what had been said that caused Tony to blush furiously. Steve especially. He searched for an explanation, almost desperate to know the reason for Tony’s blush.
Hank groaned and twisted his body to lie on his back, paws up and belly exposed. Jan snorted at the display before placing her snout over the exposed underside of his jaw and gave a lick.
Tony inhaled, trying to keep calm, trying to settle his panic - the fear threatening to come forth. Hammer always had a way to bring this out of him. To bring this conditioned dread he had for his alpha with so little done. Even now, after so long away from Hammer, from Stane, from this pack that had forced him to live through a nightmare, they were still able to make him feel childlike, unsightly and absolutely useless.
“Tones? Before you start thinking of giving us tiny Tony’s to run around, let’s talk to the others first. Are you well to see them?” Rhodey said.
his heats were… not pleasant. He recalled Hammer, and many members of his old business pack describe his heat scent as “a damn rotting
“A house is on fire,” Bucky continued trying, “Clint fell down a well, Sam fell off a tree, Thor ate all the sweets -”
“Trust me, this one is nothing like the cockatoos from this side of the world,” Tony couldn’t prevent the pride coloring his words and he didn’t want to. Besides most of his creations and inventions, Jarvis was someone alive, flesh and bone, that he took care of and didn’t screw up. It gave Tony hope that, if he had ever been given a chance, perhaps he wouldn’t have failed much as a parent as he believed himself to. As much as Hammer and Obi said otherwise.
All at once Tony's past flashed before him. His short years under Howard's questionable care. The years following up to the day Obie offered a chance where they could get back what they lost. The day Obie introduced him to Hammer. Hammer's hungry stare and the handshake that sealed his fate. Hammer's gentle touch that would soon change to pain and bruises. His soft words that would soon tear him down. Rhodey and Pepper and Happy unable to say or do anything as Hammer and Obie took him from them. Unable to say goodbye.
“What? You’re not even going to try my cooking before deciding you don’t like it?” Sam placed two more additional plates on the table. This time for Thor and Loki. He gave Tony a stern look. “Don’t break my heart like that.”
He saw the moment Bruce decided to snark even before he said anything. The omega side eyed Steve briefly, gave a smirk when he returned his gaze to Tony, and even after Tony had given a “
“Now, now, my Omega. Don’t be so crude. It needs a little fix-up sure, but nothing so bad to warrant that reaction,” Hammer grinned. “It’s because of you that we have to settle down with this, you know, but on the bright side, no one will bother us here. We’ll have all the privacy we could ever want. All for us. Aren’t you happy?”
The pure happiness he felt almost threatened to burst out of his chest. He wanted to howl it out and show the world. Perhaps one day he’d be able to do so at night with Steve. He shouldn't push his luck, but he could happily imagine it.
“Ah, forgive me. Was I meant to?” From the way Thor was still grinning it was obvious he wasn’t sorry at all.
They were all gathered in the common floor of the tower. The walls decorated with lights and green and candy canes. A giant tree on the corner filled with presents. A table full of the many drinks they each provided and a line of snacks, chips, cookies and chocolates. There was no shortage of anything.
He took a sharp breath. He couldn’t allow that. He needed to remain strong. Stay steady long enough to take his chance. If he faltered for even a second, it could cost him everything.
Speaking of Peggy there she was now, standing next to a dark figure he guessed was Fury with his arms behind his back in a commanding stance. The tunnel led to an opening that circled around them, creating a dome. Fury and Peggy stood right at the end of the tunnel and turned the moment Steve and Bucky exited it.
How long had it been since Tony was subjected to playful banter within a pack? With Hammer’s it was always business and then mocking. The last time he could remember ever being part of a pack jest was with… with Rhodey and Pepper.
He reluctantly took a sip of the broth. He’d imagine it tasted delicious, but it only tasted of ash in his mouth. He stomached four more sips to appease Rhodey before pushing the bowl away and turning his attention back to the door. He only managed a glimpse of it through the crowd of packmates.
Time was moving, the eggnog was disappearing and the fun was still had. Then Tony and Colonel Jim went tumbling as they dragged each other to the door where mistletoe hanged. Steve watched fascinated as they each gave the other a kiss on their cheeks. Many of them. So many kisses.
A rumbling noise from Steve and his slow breathing signalled him still asleep so Tony dared bury his face even closer, almost cuddling the alpha. Tony released a satisfied sigh and believed he could happily lie there forever. The thought that he was taking advantage of Steve was far away from his mind. It didn’t matter so long as none of the Avengers were awake to see him.
Bruce was left staring at the spot the pair was just laying on seconds ago. Looking disoriented he adjusted to sit comfortably again, frowning, thinking about something to himself. Tony had the urge to ask what was going through the omega’s mind when a soft yip had him turning to the alpha next to him. Steve still had the smile on his face and his tail wagging. He lifted a paw and patted the ground before saying in snarls, “Do you want any fruits or berries? I can search for some.”
“If you were so sick that they thought you dead before growing out of infancy, how were you always fighting?” Tony didn’t understand. How was a sickly child even fighting in the first place?
Tony snickered into his good hand, Bruce also doing the same with his own, and allowed the two to pose a few seconds longer. “All right you two, you’ve had your fun. Leave him alone.”
“Did I - did I say something wrong?” Tony shifted his gaze to all of them, shuffling a little awkwardly. He was grateful when he felt Jarvis and Bruce give him a peck on the cheek and a pat on the shoulder for support.
The silence that followed showed just how disciplined the pack truly was, something Tony had yet to see until on that moment. He had gotten so used to the pack’s silly banter and his packmates’ personalities and the good-natured comebacks that he never bothered to stop and think exactly how the dynamics of the pack worked outside the den. They may be playful, they may share more than necessary sometimes and help each other where they could, but they were still a war pack, and war required controlled behavior, orders and a good leader to gain victory.
The scrawny little alpha child disappeared but Steve still remained, eyes still showing that brittle hope and a bright smile now joining them. Steve leaned over, pulled their intertwined hands to his chest, and gave Tony a gentle kiss on his cheek. If the crowd had been chatting eagerly before they were nearly shouting to each other now after watching their display. Steve didn’t seem to mind and Tony found, while still mildly concerned, didn’t give them much thought. Steve was still holding his hand, was still smiling and wasn’t taking back his words.
He hoped he didn’t overstep. “Maybe,” he tried for cheeky. Having the courage for it and wondering where that courage went last night.
The door soon opened after the noises died down and in came Steve, sweaty and breathing heavily but looking very excited. “Tony,” he said before leaning down and giving him a quick kiss on his cheek. “Come on, I want to show you something.”
He had long accepted it to be, but now, under the care of the Avengers, under the care of good friends and under the care of Steve, his body was jumping back. He was healthier. The healthiest he’d ever been under his old pack. Under his father’s pack.
Thankfully Steve didn't push for answers. Instead, he gingerly leaned forward, aiming for the sleeves and pulling them away to expose Tony's face. He then began licking away the tears. His tongue going slowly over his cheek and cleaning the trails. Tony allowed it, selfishly taking the comfort and enjoying the warmth that came from having Steve so close.
Tony, Bruce, and Vision had ducked out of the way of the enemy’s sight as Tony hurried to grab his gauntlets. Without the need to be sneaky there was no reason to hold back now. “Brucie now’s about the time to bring out the big guy.”
would never. Their pack would never. They hadn’t spent so long helping him heal only to throw him out as if he were old rubbish. They hadn’t wasted their time showing him love only to take it back with an excruciating hand, leaving him alone to bleed from reopened wounds and suffer in anguish from mind, body and soul.
Simultaneously, the ones who openly showed expressions smiled and waved at them in a welcoming manner. Jan and Thor patted the empty seats next to them cheerfully.
Steve kissed his nose in response and Tony couldn’t help resting his head on his shoulder and burying his face and relaxing to his scent. His alpha walked them out of the room, down the hall and down to the room where their bath was waiting. Steve chucked the blanket away, throwing it next to a pile of clothing already set for them. It seemed Steve had gotten more than just their bath ready.
The beta took steps back but Bruce followed attentively, one after the other, and in a voice that sounded nothing like Bruce’s usual calm and timid tone said, “You will leave us alone.”
Unable to avoid not showing the Avengers his insecurities he stood up again with a sigh and took off his wet coat and waistcoat, leaving only his blanket of a shirt on that clung to his skin. It revealed his angular body for all. He took note of all the Avengers looking him over, eyes glued to every detail of his figure. When he dared to see Steve he found the alpha drinking in the sight he made, eyes wide and mouth slightly open. Tony guessed this was the first time Steve saw an omega as malnourished as him and probably couldn’t believe what his eyes were witnessing.
“Who said anything about jumping in the water to fish? I know how fishing rods work and how to make one. All I need is bait.”
,’ Sir. He has his own wants and needs, and I have seen nothing that would deter him away from you. Not your physical appearance, not your charming personality, and I imagine not your inability to produce heirs.”
Tony moaned as he leaned against his anvil with the forge bright and burning with a strong fire by the side. His tools were left forgotten, thrown about when he was caught unawares. The anvil was cool against his chest and slowly heated up from his body temperature the longer he rested on it. His hands failed to properly grasp the edges of the anvil and he was left to clench at nothing. The anvil supporting him when his legs could not.
“I’m ready,” Rhodey said as he stood straight and his arms strained holding his weapon of choice. In his hands was the same large gun with multiple barrels and ammunition hanging on the side that the enemy had appeared with prior.
“These superhumans,” Fury continued. “We’re dealing with bringing back these three into a society that believes them to be nothing but fiction. A big fantasy that someone created.”
“I’m afraid I’m unsure of what to tell you, Sir. The fabric you have chosen together makes you aesthetically pleasing. Had I been of a similar race as your own I would, as Captain Rogers has been trying to initiate, mate you.”
in contentment. He kept licking long after the slick was cleaned off and circling his tongue over and over the opening. Tony arched his back, bucked his hips and moved his arms without thought, but no matter how much he moved Steve never once stopped. He didn’t appear fazed at all and just obediently followed when Tony pulled his hips away or pushed against him.
Tony could note the moment Steve’s fingers reached their goal. His eyes became half-lidded as his eyebrows rose. His face expressed discomfort and Tony had to wonder if his mate was crossing a line he wasn’t used to. Tony reached out without a thought of where to place his hands, needing to touch, needing to comfort. If Steve hadn’t really wanted to do it Tony was going to feel horrible for letting him continue without trying to stop him.
“He’s also an ally,” Natasha added, gaining everyone's attention, “and a packmate. He comes with two in one.” Then, to prove her statement true, she walked up to the giant and sat right next to one of his large hind legs. No hesitation and no fear. Her ears barely reached the Hulk’s knee.
“Keep talking like that and I'll give you a bath. See how nice and smooth your feathers will be after I'm through with them.”
When Vision calmed down Tony picked him up with his good arm and sent the shifted Avengers a reassuring smile. “He’s fine. Not a huge fan of deep water but he’ll be all right. You did nothing wrong.”
Their packmates were all waiting eagerly for his response, hell, even Ben was present, all with grins and all waiting for him to react. All he could do was turn to Steve with the expression that appeared on him upon the first sight of the anvil.
A moment of pause. Steve pulled back just enough to look at him, searching for the truth. “Are you really? Be honest with me... please.”
After the second name said Steve began grunting with every push, refusing to get up. When Bucky gave a solid shove that forced Steve to adjust his head over Tony’s face he, honest to God, gave a yap of exasperation.
The cockatoo clawed his way up his chest and to his shoulder to yank at his hair affectionately. “Rest, Sir. There is still time yet before the early light catches us.”
The alpha crawled closer, licking one more time on his jaw before tucking his snout over the side of Tony's neck, in-between his shoulder and back of his jaw. Tony stiffened momentarily for having Steve so close to his unprotected neck. He didn’t believe Steve would mark his neck without permission, but Hammer had fooled him before. And he knew he shouldn’t compare Steve with Hammer - the alphas were completely different to each other - but the shock that Tony had felt when Hammer went for his neck for the first time without a single warning was unpleasant and nauseating and just so
The others must have seen it, too, must have always been able to tell from Loki’s eyes the truth behind his words. None of them took his attempted exasperation to heart, not even Bruce. But they did agree to return back to their home. Just standing in the middle of the road unarmed was a very bad idea so they walked back to the mansion together. Steve still flanking him and now their entire pack creating a circle around them.
Out of instinct, Tony closed his eyes. A reflex he clearly hadn’t grown out of no matter how much time had passed away from the man he had once called family. Often, when Stane called his name in that tone, a verbal discipline followed, along with a firm hand to discourage future defiance.
He prayed Steve wouldn’t eventually demand the same of him, that perhaps he still needed to warm up to Rhodey, needed to get used to the stranger alpha hanging around his pack. But as the sun appeared and brought with it the next morning Tony realized Steve would require more than a day or two to finally feel comfortable having Rhodey nearby.
Rhodey hummed in response and just continued to hold him. For a moment Tony believed he wasn’t going to do anything, allowing the alpha in him to bow to his instincts and keep any and all omegas safe. Something that Tony never had to worry about before with Rhodey, but time apart caused changes.
Speak of the devil his scaly tail was also making hell for him, given how he felt it flick back and forth in an amusing manner.
The Avengers may not have reached him yet but that didn’t mean Tony was going to sit and wait complacently. He was Tony Stark. Once upon a time, that name had meant something. Before he presented omega, before he became known as Tony
Had he been in the military he would’ve been considered a deserter. Under a war pack, he’d be an abandoner. As Tony Stark, fearing to face disappointment and consequences, he was weak. Simple as that.
Suddenly their faces turned uncharacteristically careful. “Haven’t been this serious about considering someone since courting Sam,” Clint revealed.
He walked up to join Bruce, trying to catch any of the Avengers’ scents but all he got was the smell of grass and running water with a hint of unfamiliar musk. “Will we even catch up to them? They’re probably halfway through the forest by now. We’ll end up losing them.”
He sighed. Now what was he supposed to do? If he were to tell Steve the truth at that moment everything they had done would be for naught, but if he allowed it to continue it would just make everything worse… not only would Steve’s heart be broken along with his own, but their packs’ heart as well. They
Then the fighting happened again. Steve charged, teeth bared and snarling. Bucky was right behind him, ready to grab hold of any body part to latch onto and never let go. Tony’s heart stopped at the sight. Rhodey could fight, he knew this, but fighting against two alphas who were part of the Avengers pack? No matter how determined, Rhodey was going to lose and end up badly injured.
There were multiple groans of agreement from everyone, the loudest being from Tony, but fate continued to work against him because the very second they began struggling to move Bucky jumped out of nowhere, rushed to step around the wiggling bodies and hid as best as he could behind Natasha on the top of the pile. The last missing pack mate of theirs joined them soon after, his focus only on the hidden alpha before he actually paid attention to what he was seeing and quickly gave a whine of mortification when he spotted Tony at the very bottom of the assortment of shifters.
Tony couldn’t risk being the honorable boy-scout Rogers demanded him to be. He already had enough weapons used against him. He was not going to allow another one to the list.
To most he would appear as a dimwit, a nonsense man, taking risks that many with an ounce of sense know to be reckless. Such as selling to people who can very easily turn on him. Cheating a smith who was twice the size and had the temper to use it.
And to prove her point Steve and Natasha grabbed empty plates and began adding to it. Bucky stood with his arms crossed and pointedly stared at Sam. “What, you didn’t fix us up a plate?”
to be won, and Steve would never allow them to undervalue themselves to simple appearances and skills. Not that Sharon would accept it sitting down. Tony imagined she was the kind of beta who argued right back and wouldn’t stand for prejudice on her person, not even from Steve. While Tony… well, on a good day he was lucky he could ask for help on mundane matters from his packmates without feeling a burden on them. They had
Tony had long ago learned that physical contact could give pain that lasted hours or even days, but words left emotional scars that never healed for years and cut deep into his heart for him to always remember. Loki’s words, while meant for a different reason, hurt just as much as Hammer’s.
The mere thought of letting his kids anywhere near a battle made Tony’s stomach sink and he had been
The words were at the tip of his tongue. Confirmation for the desire. His mouth was open to let the cockatoo hear, but there were no truth to them, not when Steve
If you haven't already done so go check out StonyStepsUphill's artwork that was inspired by this fic (linked at the end). It's really beautiful and needs to be seen by everyone who likes this story. Go check it out! But be warned because there's spoilers in the comments. If you don't want spoilers avoid  seeing the comments, other than that go tell her how beautiful her work is!
His jaw slowly got closer to the floor the more the realization became clear. He was about to shout at the man, order him to let him go when he suddenly hit the ground painfully. The thunk echoed in the quiet room. He looked up in surprise, about to berate Rogers for dropping him so callously, but the words got stuck in his throat when Rogers walk out the door without looking back.
Then Steve slammed down with so much force Tony would have feared his hips had been shattered if his thoughts hadn’t been occupied with the mind-shattering climax he felt. White flashed in his eyes and the fog of his heat returned with full force. His mind numbed of all reason and time was lost to them. He didn’t struggle when Steve flipped him on his belly and raised his hips. He cried out when his alpha pushed his erection inside with little regard to anything. It was rough. It was a complete rut. Gentle seemed to be the last thing in Steve’s mind and Tony couldn’t bring himself to care. Not when his own mind was filled with pleasure and relief at finally receiving what his body wanted the entire time.
By the time the three missing pack-mates made an appearance everyone had mostly finished their plates. Some still had a few bites left to chew, others had nothing and were just waiting for the rest to catch up. Steve, Bucky and Natasha were also wearing light armor and looked ready to order everyone to get going. Tony moved to get up, mentally giving his plate that he had yet to finish an apology and cursing himself for being a slow eater.
Tony preened. The praise made him feel accomplished and the idea of finally getting food in his stomach nudging him forward to their goal. Walking down a strange town with unknown faces out and about and having recently just gone through a heat, Steve kept close to him. He wrapped an arm around Tony’s shoulders protectively, ready to defend if any dangers presented itself.
Eyebrows were raised from the gathered townsmen when they noticed the very same wild centaur now running in the race. A few cried in outrage. Tony himself was left a little speechless when Steve caught up to the predicted winner with little trouble. Even at a distance, he could see Ty, the yearly champion, glare at the wild centaur and even go so far as to swipe at Steve.
It earned him a fond smile. “First things first. You’re going to have to remove your sleepwear. That shirt won’t offer much protection and this armor isn’t going to be nice to it.”
“Will you join our pack and let me court you?” The fond look was back. “This isn't me playing around. I truly wish to.”
The public from all ends of the political background. His representative, Miss “You do this on purpose” Smith. Pepper. Rhodey when he’d be having a bad day and needed a reason to vent. Good ol’ one-eyed Saint Nick when Tony so much as looked at one of his agents.
The sun was starting to set in. The golden rays of orange and red were left to illuminate their surroundings before the cool and dark color of the night seeped in and took over. The excitement of the day had taken its toll on some of the Avengers as Jan and Hank cuddled up together and Clint falling asleep on his spot with his head falling slowly only for him to whip it up again revealed. Sam was no better lying down and curling up next to Clint. All of their eyes appeared heavy with sleep, including Thor and even Bruce. The only ones who remotely looked awake were Tony, Bucky, Natasha and Loki, though the latter kept resting his eyes every once in awhile and was probably seconds away from falling into a blissful slumber.
“Have at thee!” Thor boomed and right when it looked like he was going to charge against Steve he whirled around and started running at the last minute. Loki managed to latch on to him before Thor got too far away. Soon after everyone except for Tony followed suit.
Another beta, a dark-skinned fellow, added, “Not a problem. We’ll get deer, as long as you don’t mind company.”
There was no Hammer to intimidate him now and Clint was freely showing and flexing, causing Tony’s eyes to trail every movement and... he couldn’t look away at the display. The body structure was so different to that of Hammer’s and Tony wanted to curiously drink in every detail. Then he made the mistake of trailing up the torso to Clint’s face and ended up locking eyes with him. Clint was smirking, having noticed Tony looking and
“Trust me, the only thing I’ll regret is letting you get away and losing you to some other blacksmith, like Osborn. He works the town over. Stubborn man, that one.”
He allowed the arm around his middle. Past the blanket and his clothing to touch skin. He didn’t think he could remove it even if he tried, or wanted to. He made sure to always make a sound of reassurance each time the grip tightened just a little or the arm trembled.
Steve’s eyes softened. “Sweetheart, I’d never be against it. It’s no sacrifice on my part. If you want me here I’ll be here.”
The Avengers continued staring as Natasha offered more fish and then gave them a glare and a growl, causing them to continue what they had been doing and act as if they didn’t witness anything.
Tony shivered in delight when Steve leaned down to give his neck a lick. Then disappointment set in when the alpha didn't bite down like he expected him to.
Tony didn’t believe he’d get any rest. Not when his body was preparing for a marathon and getting agitated and twitchy. To his surprise, however, the moment he used Steve’s front legs as a pillow time slipped away from him.
For a moment Tony feared for Jan. To freely speak about her and Hank’s needs and ask the pack to trade in their planned day in order to get them back safely home, he almost couldn’t believe it. If Tony had so much as breathed a discomfort that directly affected Hammer’s day the alpha would have berated him and put him down for it. But none of the Avengers did so. No, not a single one looked ready to lash out and scold Jan for ruining the day.
The carriage lunged forward. The horses having been whipped to go faster. A trotting pace now. Further and further away they went and Tony was left to only guess the fate of his two dear friends.
Tony jumped to his feet with a cry of “Vision!” before he went jogging after the machine. Jarvis flew ahead of him. Tony wasn’t able to reach the machine in time before he met the crowd. Vision was small enough to squeeze in-between the legs of the betas and omegas and disappeared inside the mob of shifters. Tony stopped short outside the crowd, looked left and right to search for the machine and threw his hands up in defeat before he started trying to push his way through. The last thing he wanted was for one of the young shifters or the Avengers to snatch Vision away from him.
“Guests?” They turned on the curve and made themselves visible to the Avengers. Clint had his mouth open with a question on the tip of his tongue but he stopped when he noticed them. “Oh.”
“Steve?” Tony said cautiously, worried they might have done something wrong. Steve was his pack leader after all, and friend or not Rhodey was still a stranger to Steve and all his alpha leader was seeing was an omega in his pack getting friendly with another alpha.
He gave one final attempt at a sharp turn but instead of aiding him it actually became his downfall. One root that was hidden behind a larger one caught his paw, tripping and throwing him off balance. With the legs that were still on the ground he pushed himself and jumped in one last attempt to find balance and continue running. It worked and he managed to run a couple of more seconds before Steve finally caught him. The alpha leaped on him and caused them to topple over, and while Tony wanted his first run with Steve to have been longer he found he didn’t mind it ending so soon. Not when Steve was currently licking his snout and wagging his tail and Tony happily rolled over to expose his belly and let Steve continue.
Steve made his way over, lying down on his belly right in front of Tony when he got close. “If you’re worried about that, you shouldn’t. If I know Hank he’s about to bring contraception for us. He’s probably getting the ingredients needed as we speak.”
Guilt soon filled him. Was he to continue and join Steve and the others for the run? Or was he to remain by Bruce’s side and keep him company? No matter how much he wanted to run along with Steve he couldn’t do that to Bruce. It was a cruel thing to even imagine.
Tony grimaced at the suggestion and felt Jarvis stiffen. He gestured to the cockatoo with his eyes when he said, “I sort of live on a strict no-bird diet.”
Heavy hearted he made his way to the door, being joined by Jarvis and Vision as the pair flew and rolled to sit on his shoulder and by his feet. “Ready?” he asked the pair.
“Those changes held more truth than everyone thought, and the comics were more than make-believe.” Fury and Peggy moved to the side, revealing what stood in the center of the dome.
Steve kissed him gently on his lips. “Give me a minute to eat and drink this,” he said. The only food that remained was the rest of the bread and a few berries and a small piece of cheese. No more meat was present. Tony having eaten it all. Steve held the bread and cheese together and ate in a rush, popping in the berries mid-chew. His meal was considered rationed when compared to what he had given Tony.
“Why what?” Steve trailed his fingers through Tony’s mop of hair, strands sticking everywhere no doubt.
Somehow, Tony doubted they would. This kind of disobedience? It was one they both will remember until the end of their days and they won’t
Clint didn’t get the chance to move, not when the feline that looked bigger than life jumped on all of them and made them all squeak. No python was present on his back.
Tony was itching to run over there just to see the hair color of the pack members. He didn’t care if he didn’t see their faces, just looking at their hair was good enough.
Steve’s movements stopped. He looked to Tony with a smile. Small. Soft. Full of so much happiness. “And I love you.”
“Jarvis,” Tony nearly whined. This was his first trip to town and he didn’t want to embarrass the Avengers more than he already did.
“I know you can. More than anyone I know you can, Tones, but they want us here. You’re our leader’s mate. They won’t allow it.”
The only lion in the pack released a rumble from deep within his chest before proclaiming, very loudly, “None shall out-hunt the mighty Thor!” and jumped after the two betas, creating the massive wave of water again.
Jarvis didn’t blink. “Before you do so, Master Wilson sent us to inform you they are residing in the Red Mare Inn, and are in possession of your clothing. When you are finished with your coupling and wish to be dressed you may call upon Redwind or I and we will inform the others to bring your items.”
Sleep heavy in his eyes the last thing on his mind was getting up and walking, but he knew he desperately needed a wash. He tried wiggling to the edge of the bed, but found two problems stopping him. One, he couldn’t feel his legs. The muscles were sore and refused to listen. Two, the smallest of movements prompted the seed he still had in him to leak out, dirtying both the bed and himself more. Two things that were enough reason for him not to move, so he didn’t.
For some reason that caused the serpent shifter to laugh. “The last squabble we faced hadn't sounded challenging when first described. I thought it best to give them a fighting chance by leaving it behind.”
Tony turned to join them and stops in his tracks when Steve skidded to a halt right before him. He pulled back as their noses touched.
Steve quicken his movements and started grunting with every push. Tony moaned along with him as each thrust hit different spots in him and sent heat and pleasure all through his body. He could feel his walls practically squeeze around Steve with every push. Ready to keep him inside and refusing to let go. His body’s effort soon paid off as Steve’s thrust became erratic and just watching Steve lose control, getting just as much pleasure as Tony had gotten and creating something new, brought Tony to the edge. Tony came with a shout, clenching up and bringing Steve to his own climax. Tony cried again when he felt Steve bite down hard on the side of his neck over the old scar that once claimed him as Hammer’s. Steve marked over it, erasing it and leaving his own. It sent a shivering sensation all through his body and settled deep in his soul.
The sounds of pistols firing had never sounded so evil then listening to them aimed at his son. Most were blocked as Tony screamed. Screamed for them to stop. For Jarvis to fly away. For Hammer to let him go.
It’s said an alpha that goes feral is forever changed. They’re right. An alpha that goes feral will understand what exactly they’re capable of without their control and the suffering they can easily leave behind.
There was an evident tremble from Steve. “I can still see them on you. I can still see their faces, the smiles they had as they watched you cry. I understanding wanting to do errands on your own, wanting to be independent, but I can’t stop imagining something happening to you. And after today? I c-can’t - I can’t let you out of my sight. I’m sorry. I’m going to be patronizing for the next few days.”
“Don’t want to mess with her when that happens,” Rhodey agreed. “Let’s focus. According to the Captain it’s going to be a long walk with dangerous enemies. Let’s make sure we don’t give Pep and Happy a reason to worry about
Steve is able to see himself lunge at War Machine, who is not as fast as the others in fleeing, but the Colonel simply flies up with the help of the armors thrusters and stays out of reach. This only angers Steve, who changes direction and aims for Hawkeye and Widow. The footage makes it hard to see their expressions and Steve is left to wonder what they felt in that exact moment as they watched their leader come barreling down with the intent to kill them.
recommended side to use if stealth was the current goal. Their pack were also unaware of the gauntlets or the Hulk and revealing the two right before heading for battle and spooking them all was probably not the best idea.
of clean. Smelling of his alpha for days was endearing and it made Tony’s heart flip in many ways, but the knowledge of
“I know,” Steve admitted. “I know, but I can’t help - I just see you so happy with them. They made you smile so easily and all they did was
“Oh, you want to be on top, do you?” That smirk grew bigger. Eyes full of mischief. “All you had to do was say so, Sweetheart.”
Tony could feel his dragon wanting to burst out and sink its teeth into one of the hydra’s neck. He could feel it wanting to end its life once and for all even when this was the first time Tony came face to face with it. He could only imagine what Rhodey’s and Pepper’s own beasts were feeling. The manticore and griffin no doubt wanting to join the dragon in killing the hydra.
Despite his best efforts to not smile, Bruce ended up laughing at the image and covered his eyes. Tony laughed right along with him. Jarvis, with his little pile of nuts and seeds, munched away with little attention to their conversation. Vision rolled back and forth, turning his head from Tony to Bruce and back to Tony.
“Tony…” Steve managed, resting his forehead on Tony’s shoulders to stop any temptation. “Not until you’re ready. Not until you’re ready…”
It soon dawned on Tony what Rhodey was attempting to do. Being part of the pack meant joining them no matter the dangers. Rhodey was making them remember that in order to gain the upper hand, and he wasn’t the only one to figure out the tactic. Realization hit many of them. Most importantly it hit Steve.
“I’m not looking for trade but I best get going before my pack gets worried.” With a nod Tony turned away and exited the room. Just before disappearing from sight Ben offered one last final word of advice. “And Tony, I suggest not wearing that fancy outfit of yours. Hate for it to get all stained up. Looks like fine product.”
“Mister Tony, please slow down,” Peter said as Rhodey and Jan trotted alongside him. Tony did so and looked back to make sure Peter was still safe and buckled in his seat. When he was confident Peter wouldn’t disappear he greeted his two good friends.
The deceit and shame often warranted the kind of fury Hammer had shown for that brief moment. It must be true… and that meant -
Ben was May’s alpha, they were mated, someone who managed to win May’s heart surely wasn’t capable of doing wrongs.
He had nothing to offer for whatever pack took pity on him. Nothing but his rune weapons, and even then he wouldn't create any for fear of them being misused. The haunting memory of Hammer and Obie using them forever burned in his mind. He had no future and figured he would spend the rest of his living days in shacks after shacks, traveling alone with a cockatoo on his back, a little machine in his bag and being the lone omega no sane pack wanted.
Bruce snorted, not looking at any of them. So far it seemed none of the Avengers had picked up on Bruce’s unusual shift. None of them attacked or showed signs of wanting to. Either that or they didn’t think he was a threat, which was always a good thing. “We’ll need to hunt deer in order to feed your pack. We just have enough for us.”
Bruce looked amazed for a moment, probably surprised that a cockatoo had such good manners. “He’s not a cockatoo from around these parts, is he?”
“And what does he desire, Sir?” Jarvis prompted. “His pack is his family. He’s already acquired the family he wants.”
care,” the entire pack made a small movement (a flicker of their ears, a swish of their tail, a tongue flicking, a paw twitching and Bruce, who was now present, rubbing his hands nervously) to emphasize who she meant. “Tony has been with us for months. He’s
They were teasing him, Tony slowly registered. They were teasing Steve and Natasha, but at the moment mostly Steve. And they were using Tony in order to do so. That… hadn’t actually happened in so long. It was good hearted banter aimed at both Steve and Tony.
, should’ve been out of the Avenger’s pay rate, especially when the Avengers were widely known for completing certain contracts and not accepting the pay.
The betas and omegas shifted nervously at that. Similarly to the ones living in the other shacks they had sensed something about Bruce and did what they could to avoid him. They were probably internally fighting with themselves on what to do. They wanted to see the Avengers but they didn’t want to come close to Bruce.
Tony whined as Rhodey gave a chuckle. “It’s good to see you, too, Jarvis, though I don’t remember you being that big. Tony’s been overfeeding you?” He shrieked when Jarvis pecked his nose in retaliation. “I don’t remember you being this violent, either!”
“I want to,” Steve confessed. “I want to so much. You don't know how hard it is to resist, but I can't do it here. I want our privacy. I want us to enjoy it alone.”
Tony gasped softly against Steve’s lips. The friction from the movement certainly didn’t help his libido to stop and his body was more than happy to show it. Steve moved his hands to grab his hips gently and trail him upwards, making Tony’s growing erection rub against Steve’s clothed stomach. Tony’s heart beat heavily in his chest as his blood and heat began rushing through his body and for a brief moment he panicked. It had been so long since his body willingly rose to the intimacy with his alpha. So much so that he almost got dizzy at how quick his body was to jump right at it, and he was also slightly terrified at how Steve would react to smelling his heated scent. That thought was quickly shot down, however, when the alpha manipulated his hips again to grind on the very evident erection attempting to escape the confines of Steve’s pants.
in case. They didn’t want to overstep their boundaries. Steve gave them a nod, flushing slightly. “Sorry, yes go ahead and sit wherever you want.”
Tony stared at them all in bewilderment. He had no idea what was going on, didn’t understand, and even Jarvis wasn’t following if the way he was twitching with uncertainty was anything to go by. Now he got what the Avengers were going through when they didn’t comprehend what Vision had said. He wanted an explanation but he got the feeling he wasn’t going to get it even if he asked.
Tony shook his head. Not in rejection or denial. Just in fond exasperation. To his alpha, it was really that simple. Just love. As most things in life should be.
He threw his head back as his body convulsed. His heart was beating erratically and his arms were shaking. Steve disappeared and in the place of his hands were his own, one still holding his spent lenght and the other disappearing in-between his legs. He pulled his hands away as if burned and pushed his legs to sit. He made a noise of distress, disgusted with himself. He wasn’t even close to intimacy with Steve, let alone have any right to call himself his mate, and yet here he was using the alpha to please his own desires. He was fantasizing about Steve to pleasure himself when Steve was only one floor away, maybe even on the other side of the walls.
He was so happy. His Brucie wasn't rubbing his hands together nervously like he had done so when they first joined the pack and he and Natasha were getting closer and closer as the days went by. Jarvis and Vision never had a dull moment anymore. Jarvis having more than one shoulder to rest on and steal food and Vision having an abundance of playmates to entertain him. His honey bear was back in his life again and catching the eyes of two very interested betas who appeared determined to get his attention, even if he remained oblivious to their somewhat questionable advances.
was fine. It was Vision that just had an experience. The only reason to be concerned over Tony was needing newly dried wrappings for his sprained wrist now. Also for his wet and cold clothing that he needed to take off if he wanted to avoid getting sick. Something that wasn’t recommended when going pack-less and living in the shacks.
He started slowly backing away from the door. In his haste to get to the food he had forgotten that he was the newcomer, the recently added pack member, and he had no right to just waltz in and demand a share of the breakfast, especially when it was someone else who cooked it. He was also not invited. Maybe one of the three sitting on the table didn’t want his presence there. Maybe they didn’t want additional mouths to fight against for their share. No, he was to wait for his turn, just as he was always required to wait with his old pack. He was looking out for them by letting them eat their fill. Hammer always said by letting their pack eat first he was making sure they were healthy and strong. The beta guards were protecting him, the least he could do was allow them to eat until their heart was content.
The serpent sighed. “There is much work to be done. A wielder of the arts surrendering his voice to others without a fight is a disgrace I will not stand.”
It wouldn’t be any different. Tony wouldn’t mind if they only wanted him to relieve sexual frustration. Perhaps that was all he was meant to be.
Tony had not stopped on Steve’s shield alone. He had adjusted Natasha’s and Bucky’s and Sam’s weapons to carry more power for each hit and tightened Clint’s bowstring for greater speeds without affecting his handling. While doing so, he also mentally listed methods to improve every weapon his packmates used with runes and thought of equipment perfect for each of their unique styles. He had been itching to get to work on them the moment he first mentally drafted the items.
“I'm sorry about Bucky,” Steve’s blue eyes swirled with shame that he had no reason to carry. “His mouth tends to run sometimes without him thinking. He doesn't mean to be rude or rash, unless he's talking to someone who deserve it.”
- I can’t speak for Steve. That’s a conversation meant just for the both of you, but you have to believe me when I say Steve has waited for far too long to throw you away like you think he will.” Jan sounded so confident, so
“Well, no. I had some run ins with raiders.” He recalled the group that attacked when it had been him and Bruce walking to new shacks. With Hulk by his side, surely they had little to fear.
“They’re already avoiding me as it is. I don’t think you’ll be scaring anyone away from me, honestly,” Tony stood, taking Jarvis and Vision with him. “Your shack, or mine?”
Tony took in the words carefully. Of course, even with an omega in heat practically on his lap Steve would still hold himself back and ask for permission instead of just taking his right. He absolutely loved this alpha. “I… want you here, with me, helping me… I don’t want to take care of it alone,” he admitted, “but there’s a possibility that I’ll…” he trailed off. He wasn’t even sure if a pregnancy was possible now when he’d been naturally barren for most of his life. Just because he was in the middle of a cycle didn’t mean he was all of a sudden fertile. Even Loki had admitted he was unsure. Was it a risk or an unfounded concern?
“Are you two going somewhere?” Prior said and began releasing a rumble from his chest. “You just got here.”
One look around the room showed it late, the sun gone. They must have slept the day away after their… activities - oh, who was he kidding - after their
He knew Tony was going and he wasn’t about to turn around, give into his instincts and order him put at the last second.
Steve nodded. “That and yourselves. Our den isn’t widely known, but that doesn’t mean rivals or enemies couldn’t come upon it by accident. Without the entire pack present they could see an opportunity and that’s not something I’ll let happen without a fight. Dens can be replaced. Packmates can not. I’ll feel better on the road knowing you have means to fight and run.”
Many others had done the same, celebrating with parents or the parents of partners. The whole team wasn’t here, but those absent still came and wished them a ‘happy holiday’ and dropped off their gifts, snagging some snacks and promising to stop sometime to check the damage later.
Tony’s mouth practically hit the floor because the female alpha was looking at him as she said it. He looked behind him just to be sure but found no one. The only explanation was she was actually asking
Steve looked back at the frozen figure of Tony Stark and, even though he was facing him in person and had evidence he was right there, Steve still couldn’t believe it was happening. He was about to meet his favorite character, a character he long to believed was fake just like the others, but he was one of the lucky ones and was about to have his dream come true.
The fish were beginning to sizzle just as Steve returned with two branches in his mouth that had apples and peaches connected to them. The alpha had an awkward waddle as he tried his best to keep the fruits attached and not accidentally knock them off. He put them down next to Tony and puffed his chest out in pride, tail wagging and eyes sparkling.
A war pack had no use for an omega with self-doubt. They required shifters with strength and quick thinking and confidence. They had no place for the weak. No place for an omega such as himself if he weren’t the mate of their pack alpha.
It was then that Steve realized he was hovering over Tony. He jumped back, almost tripping himself, and looked apologetically at Tony. “I’m sorry. I didn’t realize how late it had gotten.”
Tony nodded, at a loss for words and gently placed Vision down on his empty seat. The little machine thanked him before he was led gently out the room, up the stairs and steered to the right through two wooden doors. The imagery resting on the other sight was beautiful and nearly took his breath away. Trees stretched across the horizon with the blue of the sky kissing their very tips. The space between the edges of the forest and the home were decorated with the garden he had seen upon arrival taking up half the space and the rest filled by grassy terrain. The fresh air was heaven sent and Tony inhaled a large amount. It was calming and released tension from his body.
Tony coughed awkwardly, rubbing the side of his flushing face. He was thankful Jarvis and Vision were not in the room with them, saving him from
As he had expected Vision turned his head away in defiance and Jarvis pinched his early softly in retaliation. “You will have to tie us in place if you wish for that. We have never separated from you for long journeys across the lands and we shall not start now. Do not ask this of us. Please, Sir.” There was a hint of desperation in his tone.
Hammer was ready to argue but must have seen Stane’s point. He exhaled and took a moment to calm himself and regain his insufferable demeanor of before.
His sight became obscured from the tears and the blood in his ears seemed to block any sound in the room. Numbed and foggy, but his alpha’s hand on his cheek was clear as day to his skin. “Tony, look at me.” Steve’s voice cut through. Strong, commanding. An alpha’s voice. “You look at me, Tony. Look at me.
Anything further was lost as their home got closer and out came two figures that Tony had missed so. Pepper and Happy came rushing out, welcoming them with smiles and open arms. Their near-two-months absence hadn’t been planned, but both Pepper and Happy had taken the shortcoming as victors. Going so far as to patron a couple of small businesses that had recently set up near Hattan in their spare time and gaining a little income besides the few coins Steve had sent over with the help of Jarvis and Redwing.
“You must join us on this most special tradition performed by your species! The Running of the Moon strengthens the bonds in our pride in a manner that battle cannot.”
A hard thump, Vision whining and the sound of a cockatoo squawking in indignation had him laughing because somehow the little machine had succeeded in, not just yanking down the bed cover, but also managing to get tangled in them. Jarvis was somewhere in the mess squirming with only one white wing visible for Tony to see. He was bouncing, trying to get the cloth off, and Tony was doubled over at the sight.
Come to think of it, where was the beta? Tony hadn’t seen her return with Steve and the Commandos. In fact, he found it odd how Steve didn’t seem to mind her absence. Tony himself could hardly go far without Steve keeping a close watch. Wouldn’t the alpha do the same for his other mate?
at the confidence Steve showed for Sharon. He knew his worries were irrational. Steve and Sharon had history long before Tony had arrived, but what Tony would do for Steve to show that same confidence in him to others. To be proud. Probably not equal to Sharon and her leading skills, but perhaps be proud of Tony’s skill in smithing. To let others know to trust his mate with their tools and have faith he’d improve upon them.
But Vision had other ideas. Just as Bruce was about to retort the little machine decided to release a string of sounds and beeps and rolled off the table. He landing on a patch of grass to lessen the hit and rolled for freedom, or more specifically, towards the gathering crowd.
“I know you didn’t mean to, Steve.” Tony kissed the golden locks. “I - I know controlling… and that wasn’t controlling. You were possessive, sure, but you never ordered anything of me. You just… became a second shadow to me. A very intimidating second shadow.”
, she’s not a threat and she’s not posing as one by talking to me. I understand doing it with Rhodey, I do, but she’s a
Steve moved to go after the pack that were now a good distance ahead and pulled Tony along. Tony followed without hesitation. The crowd nearly forgotten and left behind.
Tony suspected it had been his pre-heat. The nights before it had set in, Steve had been near insatiable. Stating Tony’s smell was different. Sweeter. Signs of change and what they’d later on realize was a heat coming upon them. Steve took him when he could without precautions, neither knowing what would happen a few nights later.
Keep in mind, this number isn't a guarantee. Knowing myself, I'll either add in one or two more after the 43, or I might lower it one or two chapters. We won't know until I get closer to the end.
It wasn’t much to ask for, but it was something Tony would find difficult to do. The instinct to just hide his imperfections embedded deep within his being. Sharp words from his past digging them further and further down, almost out of reach. Soft words of love and encouragement slowly breaking down that instinct, lifting it up from deep within his pit of doubt. He took a deep breath. He could do it. For himself and for Steve.
“Forgive me. I’ll keep in mind to show affection for the elderly when I come face to face with one.”
A knock on the door signalled the arrival of someone and after Steve gave them permission to enter the door opened just a crack and in popped Clint’s head cautiously. The sight of a floating head with a frown was something to see. “We’re about to leave soon and you’re trying to get a quickie in? Wait, what’s our current record for fastest?”
was the alpha Steve had talked to him about. Steve’s previous second in command and the one who would knock Bucky unconscious for speaking out of line. Of course she knew the others. She used to be part of the Avengers pack.
Tony remained at the bottom, not seeing the point since all he was wearing were simple clothing already, and seeing as he wasn’t going to join the run there was no need for the sake of shifting easier.
Maybe he was overthinking it. Hammer often searched for a night with someone new and younger and often female when he got tired of Tony, but he always had Tony return after he pushed away his temporary replacement. Tony couldn’t imagine Steve doing exactly the same as Hammer by using and then discarding. If Steve’s attention was ever caught by someone else, Steve would never ask for one night. He would make the effort, court the shifter and eventually ask them to join the relationship.
Instead of replying Bruce merely pointed at Vision, who rolled back slightly and gave an undignified beep.
The thinking murder had been easy. Hydra hurting his pack was something he couldn’t allow and Hydra taking his pack away from him was something he was going to fight tooth and nail against. His gauntlets would burn the very ground they stood on.
He remained put as Steve continued licking spots after spots on him. Even licking one spot over and over again, the one where Rhodey had given him a comforting brush. Sometimes he would catch Rhodey’s or Pepper’s questioning eye and he tried to give them his best smile to show it was all fine. Sure he couldn’t go to their side like he really wanted to. To feel their warmth and their fur and know they were still there, but just seeing them was enough it. Besides, he’d eventually get his chance to catch up with them. He had plenty of time in the future, depending on how many days they were to stay. No need to worry.
Tony understood. He remembered when Rhodey was with him and how often they teased each other and how some of the shifters in their area ended up getting involved. Steve and Bucky were no different, and naturally their pack mates were going to get affected. No way of avoiding it, especially when it wasn’t only Bucky out trying to tease Steve.
“Couldn’t you have given me a chance to pretend I could outrun you?” Tony purposely pouted, twitching his paws that he had raised in the air.
Thor would pat him on the back and congratulate him on another job well done. Then goes off to ramble about how if Tony had Asgardian years on him he’d nearly rival Zeus himself on his sexual ventures. Not a great thought when one considered how the Greek lightning god sired nearly half of the pantheon over there. The thought of Tony being the father to half of the Avengers was something he never wanted to imagine ever again. It wasn’t a pretty thought.
No, Hammer needed to hide. Disappear. If Tony was a genius, and he most certainly was, he suspected Hammer and Stane’s plan was to vanish. Hide within unmarked land. Abandon the country altogether. Cross the vast sea.
He felt a little overwhelmed. Jarvis had never once talked to him like that before. The cockatoo must have been holding that in for a long time now based on the intensity he managed to include in his voice while still whispering. Tony refused to admit to the very unattractive sob he released or that he wiped away tears that were not there.
told the alpha right from the beginning.  He knew what he was getting into, but he had thought himself capable of handling it when the time came, back when he had been too damaged to see. He had believed himself strong enough after years of living under Hammer’s care and surviving, but nothing he suffered through could’ve compared to this feeling. To finally have it within reach, only to be taken away, ripped from his arms. It would crush him.
” Tony hissed, trying to shush his best friend. He didn’t want his pack to learn anything about his past.
,” Clint didn’t bother ducking the four pillows thrown at him, grinning through the assault. “Iron can be interpreted as a lot of things.
“Not bad,” he said as he jumped down, nodding in approval. “Come on, we need to keep on the edge and take as many as we can along the way. The more now, the less later.”
“You wanted to help,” Steve finished for him. Now that Tony was paying attention he noticed Steve’s head bobbing a little bit from the movement his wagging tail was causing. He was happy. “You wanted to make a difference, no?”
“I sure as hell can’t go back and stop my alpha from taking so much from me if it meant giving my father’s pack a home. I can’t go back to stop any of them from tearing me down to nothing and leaving me…” Tony had to laugh bitterly. Remembering the very words Stane had used for him. In the privacy of locked rooms. “A damn, broken omega.”
Tony twisted his neck to see who was responsible for calling his mate. From the door walked in a tall, gorgeous, brunette shifter. She radiated confidence and pure alpha. Eyes so brown and lips so red it almost seemed lethal upon just sight. Beautifully lethal. Tony watched as the brunette alpha was joined by another gorgeous, female shifter with long, blonde hair and equally powerful brown eyes. The pair walked with purpose toward Steve. As if long-known acquaintances. Didn’t even bat an eye at the fact they were fast approaching a dangerous alpha of another pack.
The alpha’s dick literally twitching when Tony slowly moved his hand to pull his pants further down enough to reveal his pulsing lips could attest to it. The feeling from having a confined heat leaving for the cool exposure left him shivering and wanting to regain the warmth again. He pressed his body flush against Steve’s, welcoming the embrace from the furnace the alpha’s body created. The little space between them created enough room for Tony to pull his right pant leg down to his knee, revealing his shivers to the world.
Were the Avengers held back? Were they attacked and had sustained injuries that prevented them from following the carriage at a reasonable speed? Had they lost track or simply had never even found the carriage to begin with?
Steve’s mouth moved away from his belly for a moment. Just enough for Tony to miss the lack of contact and whine in distress, only for a gasp to escape him again when he felt his alpha’s mouth return and swallow him whole. He bucked up in reflex. Steve was prepared and held his hips down, but it did nothing to stop him from trying to thrust deeper in the alpha’s warm and wet mouth.
Tony’s eyes never left the window. Surely if green light was present Loki was still possibly awake. Could be because he ended up getting the task of keeping an eye on him and Steve, even though the serpent wasn’t actually watching them, or it could be because Loki couldn’t sleep.
Going to see them on his own and try to push the many young betas and omegas to catch a glimpse? Tony didn’t like that idea. If he had Bruce by his side then he’d have aged reinforcement, but alone he was just an old omega trying to see a young and famous war pack. He made the pitiful image of someone expired trying desperately to keep up with the new.
“Be silent,” Loki hissed, sticking his tongue out one final time before pulling away and settling down in his original spot. He curled in thought. “You claim to be barren, and yet I taste fertility in your scent.”
“And it’s fine, honestly. I knew what I was getting myself into, or I had an idea. Steve didn’t, and it’s not fair for him either.”
The alpha tucked his hands behind his back and his shoulders swayed with every step taken. A big smile on his face. For one reason or another, he appeared overjoyed from just strolling through the forest. Perhaps he really enjoyed walks or the smell of green and water, or maybe it had been a long time since he walked through a forest for the relaxation of it without the worry of getting attacked. Who knew? Steve must have been thinking of something wonderful in order to be smiling that big.
The arm around his shoulder moved. Steve’s hand was quick to cover his neck and his thumb carefully pulled his chin back down. Because they had been so close, Tony could clearly hear the growl Steve emitted towards the other alpha. From the front of the lineup, he could barely make out the female alpha’s own growls in retaliation to Steve’s. The exchange between them not only stopping Tony in his tracks but also the entire pack.
Unable to resist the contagious laughter and antics Tony joined along. Another sensation joined his stomach along with his hunger. The pain that came from laughing so much in one go.
Tony clenched his teeth. Annoyance and pent-up frustration was not a good combination. Rogers’ holier than thou attitude was not helping.
Jarvis and Vision were safely tucked next to each other under the shade of a tree not that far from Bruce. The cockatoo bowed his head once and the little machine spun in place in acknowledgement upon seeing Tony and catching his eyes. Mischief was clear in their stances.
No, it had to be the water, or whatever he was being fed. He had long passed his youth. It would eventually run out.
Jan came forward. “Don’t let him know we told you this, but Steve is actually very insecure when it comes to relationships, or specifically when it comes to you.”
If Clint was open-minded to try a bow infused with elemental runes perhaps Tony had a way to show his awe to the beta.
“Tones?” Rhodey eventually started, the same as he would all those years ago. “Stop thinking so much. You know what happens when you do that.”
Rogers’ hips jerked up, rubbing against Tony’s own. It quickened Tony’s heartbeat. His own dick was now throbbing in his pants. Hot and angry from being denied release earlier and wanting more. His hips moved without his say, searching for that friction. Searching for anything. It burned his body in ways he had never felt before. In ways no one had ever managed before. None of the woman and never once with his hand.
“Good morning,” on Jan’s neck Tony noted was the winning ribbon of the year. “Congratulations Jan. Did you have any competition this time?”
Thor pulled away after only a short, worryingly short, moment, but he was smiling. A good sign, Tony hoped.
Bruce and Loki, having their conclusion proven correct, nodded approvingly, but didn’t look completely satisfied. Probably had something to do with the fact that he still hadn’t revealed to their packmates everything.
Tony didn’t utter any of this. No, Stane or Hammer or their damn pack of selfish, senile jackasses that called themselves businessmen wouldn’t understand. Couldn’t even comprehend what Tony had gone through that led to him leaving in the first place. His suffering over the years had only been the foundation. Hammer and Stane selling his designs so shamelessly to any buyer, no matter their reasoning for weapons had been the unbalance. Using his gauntlets, the work he spent hours upon hours proudly on, to hurt the innocent had been the tipping point.
Hammer would profit from it entirely. Fill his pockets with blood money while Tony’s hands would forever be smeared with the blood.
Just like that, Steve didn’t need a friend brought by the holidays. He’d gone and finally made his own. Thus, he no longer needed to write a letter. He didn’t seem to believe in Santa anymore, either.
Tony and Rhodey kept a close eye on her as she circled the enclosed land. Her brown and white feathered wings becoming the only visible thing distinguished in the distance until she began to return. Even though they each had learned to take flight they still hadn’t grown their strength and stamina to remain in the air for long. Rhodey the most, compared to them. So far, even with his every day run and flight he could only stay in the air for a total of eighteen minutes before his wings gave away and he fell. Pepper easily learned to fly, gaining the skill as if it was second nature to her, and even gained the strength and stamina to stay for an entire hour and thirty minutes. Tony was in the in-between, only managing forty five.
To his embarrassment his nightclothes were the only set he carried that were considered clean. Life in the shacks didn’t give out chances for luxuries, obviously, and in his case it meant never getting the chance to sleep with the gentle touch of soft fabric on his skin. Sleeping as a wolf at night didn’t really call for clothing and so the nightclothes were hardly used since leaving his old pack.
It was a relief to know, should he ever need a moment of privacy without Jarvis and Vision, he had Bruce and even Clint ready and eager to keep watch.
The second shadow, that to his horror he later learned was Bucky, shoved his flesh arm into Steve’s path while his metal one held him back. Bucky redirecting the attack meant for Sam to himself, defending his mate and ready to risk his only good arm left to keep Sam safe.
At his reappearance everyone stood and made their way outside. The full moon was high in the air and the stars shined and twinkled around it. The ground was illuminated and the grass glowed in a deep green. It was perfect for a run and Tony was already itching to shift.
“Tony, shh, you’re safe, I’m here. They won’t hurt you, I promise. They won’t touch you again. You’re safe.”
“Many of our pack would be the first to tell you no one deserves anyone, since we are all individuals and not prices to be won,” Steve reached for his chin and pulled him back to meet eye to eye. “I would ask the same of you, since the road to get to you was a pretty long one and I didn’t have the faintest idea of where to look to find it, but here we are and I’m not letting go.”
They continued walking in moderate silence. Disrupted on a few occasions from curious Avengers wanting to know about Jarvis and Vision. Tony happily told short versions of the tale and explained the few questions involving Vision without revealing his involvement with the yellow rune on the roly-poly’s forehead.
the ones to approve of it. Jan, Hank, Thor, and Loki scooted back to keep out of his gaze in fear, using one another when Tony’s eyes trailed after them. Steve jumped on the spot when Tony looked at him for an answer. As pack leader, he would’ve known and probably
“You are a fine leader, Captain, and our pride is honored to have you take us through many victories, but are you confident you will manage a chase against I?”
Rhodey gave the separated wall chunk a few more pushes before a loud crack happened and it suddenly slid without resistance out of his grasp and further in. The three watched it cautiously until it vanished and fell out of sight. They continued to stare long after it was gone, refusing to move until they were absolutely sure no danger was going to come out of it.
With one arm Steve opened the window and allowed the two birds to hop inside. “I see you are decent, Captain Rogers,” Jarvis pointedly stared at Steve’s naked state. “I assume Sir has been well cared for during his cycle of reproduction?”
The alpha appeared to be left speechless. “I - do you really?” Then his tail began wagging uncontrollably. “Sweetheart, I'd love nothing more than to. If that's what you want.”
Tony sniffed around the shack to make sure it was truly empty. Besides the scent of an inhabitant that had recently used the shack, it smelled earthy with a mix of rust and rotten wood. Satisfied no other shifter was sleeping and would pounce him the moment he placed a paw inside he pushed the door open and circled the shack a couple of times. He dropped the wolf-bag he was carrying that had his clothes and gauntlets and a few coins on the center of the floor before curling up around it. When it came to traveling and sleeping in the outdoors or in shacks, being in wolf form was easier and comfier than being in human form. Especially when the ground was used as a bed. Easier on his bones.
Steve locked on the cockatoo as he would with prey at the mention of his name. He was vibrating from the curiosity of the conversation the Avengers didn’t understand. A question was on his lips but it was Jan that asked first, “What did he say?”
He returned to the conversation on hand just in time to hear Pepper say “-training us to guard the den, then?”
Their growls continued and their eyes scanned for anything dangerous. It wasn’t until the very land they were standing on began shaking that the source of their instincts made itself known. There was a distant roar that sent every nerve in their bodies on high alert. The roar, terrifyingly enough, didn’t come from the top or from anywhere at their sides, but instead came from the very ground. Another roar echoed and caused the ground to rumble and shake. It grew closer and closer until it reached the point where the land began breaking.
She had been happy upon seeing Steve, both her and her companion, but that went away shortly upon getting a closer sniff. She must have realized something for her demeanor to have changed briefly. Tony watched as her eyes trailed down from Steve’s face to his neck. They moved rapidly in search but didn’t appear to find what she had been looking for. It did not stop the change. Her eyes returned to meet Steve’s gaze. She was frowning now. Almost appeared…
“What?” Tony managed to say just as the Hulk moved an arm under him, squeezing between his legs before lifting him up. A squeak of embarrassment escaped him. “Put me down!”
“It’s not a bad thing,” Jan assured. “It told us you weren’t using him. You were genuine, and now that Steve’s got you he’s terrified of losing you.”
Tony wasn’t going to back down. He stared at Bruce right back and a fear made himself known. “He might not want me after… after I tell him I’m incapable of giving him a family.”
“Humility you say?” Clint said and inched closer to them. He took a brief pause to think it over before turning back to Sam. “Humility?”
Tony huffed and began tapping again. “You have to get up eventually. I can’t exactly walk back to the shacks with a hunk of wolf taking up my lap.”
Going feral didn’t make Steve crave anything. It didn’t make him violent or make him have some insatiable appetite for blood. He didn’t seek power nor did he want to unleash violence on the innocent. Going feral opened his eyes to what an alpha is capable of. What
To have Steve willingly sit on his lap and propose the idea? Tony… already had reasons as to why it wouldn’t work. Surely his alpha knew he would disappoint. As an omega, he lacked heavily in that department when compared to Steve. The alpha wouldn’t feel a thing and would leave whatever little confidence Tony had managed to create for himself crushed and grounded on the floor. Tony also lacked the techniques to give. All that he knew of was meant for when he was the one in Steve’s place, sitting on a lap and thighs burning in extortion.
The crunching of grass and leaves with the sound of the occasional chirping bird were the only sounds that decorated the quiet forest. The light of the campfire slowly disappeared as they got further away and the shadows of the night began to fill the space of the sun’s light. Before they knew, and with no small amount of relief for Tony, the shacks appeared over the horizon and if Tony didn’t have Vision in his arms and Bruce by his side he would’ve made a run for it and curl up on the ground and sleep the night and perhaps the next day away.
“You should know better, Steve,” Jan, who walked the nearest to them, wagged her finger at their leader.
“We’ll eat the moment we’re out. Promise. I have to make sure my omega is well cared for here. I don’t want Jarvis mad at me for doing a poor job.” Steve pulled Tony down to the edge of the bed. He maneuvered Tony’s legs to give himself room and kneeled on the ground to slot himself between them.
“You are,” Bruce cut in, giving him a sharp look. “They might not want the other guy, but they want you. Steve especially.”
He turned the gauntlet in hand, revealing the palm and the light blue rune embedded in it. A brief touch caused the rune to faintly glow, bringing the everlasting magic trapped inside to the surface.
No place for Tony if he couldn’t do something as little as show his chest to his alpha without hesitating. Bracing himself he nodded and straightened out, resulting in his chest expanding outward. No need to pause. He trusted Steve.
“Oh. knock it off,” he muttered, glaring at the two. “I’m not a child. If I want to share the same room for the night I will and you both better leave if you don’t want to see.”
The large wolf leaned down to sniff the top of Rhodey’s head and made a small noise that sounded much like a hum. “Smell of pack. Of puny wolf and birdy and,” Hulk looked down to Vision and crouched to give him a sniff, “metal ball.”
Didn't mean he couldn't enjoy the glow after a wonderful bout of mating, or sate the exhaustion his body seemed prone on feeling after each session. Of course he had also been looking forward to getting clean, and…
He was on the verge of tears. He could make a break for it. Shift and run as fast as he could and reach the trees. Use them as cover and slow the shifters down.
At one point in his life, he had believed those words. Worth ten omegas? Ten betas? Or even ten alphas? He didn’t come close, but he trusted Rhodey’s judgment, and if Rhodey had said so then surely it must have been true. Maybe at one point, he had been worth ten.
“Yes,” Rhodey nodded with a serious tone in his voice. The response caused all the others to shift in place, waiting for the issue to be named. Rhodey took a deep breath. “We are members of the pack, correct?” he gestured to himself and Tony.
“With all due respect,” Jarvis pecked him softly on the cheek, “your sanity is not at risk, Sir. Your humility, however, may not be left unscathed.”
“I’m fine, Captain. You really don’t have to,” he muttered while curling further around his legs, causing the sleeves of the coat wrapped over his knees to cover the bottom half of his face and assault his nose with the alpha musk. It had been a mistake to do so because he felt himself unconsciously relax from it.
“What can you do?” the alpha interrupted, throwing Tony off. Was he hearing what he thought he was hearing?
Tony thought. Then, out of nowhere, without warning, a beta from the surrounding group, a somewhat tall shifter (taller than Tony at least) with fluffy dark hair sat right between Tony and Steve, pushing Tony over and nearly knocking him off the edge of the table’s bench seat. Jarvis didn’t do any better on his shoulder and was nearly thrown off as well. The beta that sat down had the attitude of someone who snatched what they wanted and threw down anyone in their way. They caused Tony and Steve's hands to dislodge and made all the Avengers stiffen on their seats. Bruce also included in the list.
“Tony, would you like to walk with me to the balcony?” The sudden question nearly made Tony jump out of his skin. The hand that was pushed into his line of sight prompted him to face Steve out of reflex. The alpha’s face was calm, patient, with warm and understanding eyes and he kept his hand in place, waiting for Tony to either take it or reject it. The thought of escaping the room was too tempting, but the realization that Steve offered the excuse in the first place because he wanted to help relax him gave him hesitation.
Shortly after they disappeared another set of howls signalled the arrival of Jan and Clint. Appearing from different directions but facing the same goal the two wagged their tails and waited with anticipation for Tony to move.
He had a witty remark on the tip of his tongue but when Steve thrusted yet again that remark, along with any other thoughts, flew right out the window momentarily. He squeezed the knot back in revenge, feeling victorious when it stopped Steve’s thrusting on the spot and made him whine. His alpha wasn’t the only one who could play dirty.
When the little machine reached the lion and made a long note to get his attention the lion leaned his head down to sniff before licking the top of Vision’s head and patting him gently with one of his giant paws. Vision then went on a rolling spree around the lion, gaining the attention of the jackal that Tony smelled was Clint. Wagging his tail Clint began chasing after the machine, and Vision, who simply loved playing, took advantage of the situation and started a game of chase.
For Clint, out came his bow and he notched an arrow against the string in one fluid motion. In the hand holding the bow balanced there were three more arrows ready on his command. Sam had pulled out two small guns while crouching. One gun aimed at the air and the other facing the ground, ready to strike in any direction. Rhodey was quick to follow their leads and brought forth his military issued firearm he was given. Long and balanced and watched for properly it carried history in it and was ready to continue its service. The grips Thor and Loki held on their weapons tightened in response. The sounds of cracking coming from the hammer and a soft sound of breeze coming from the staff.
“Brucie,” Tony gave his best pleading face, “you’ll have mercy on me, right? I’m senile and I have a weak heart and I’d rather not spend our first moon run collapsing on the floor.”
For hours they marched, finding the shacks the shifters from Brook had promised in little under six hours. To their luck, they found one shack available, but only that one shack. Bruce had hesitated to share a shack before but Tony was tired and falling asleep on his feet and so, without much thought, he had grabbed Bruce by his sleeve and yanked him inside the shack. He left him to do his own and stripped himself down to shift for the night.
Everyone groaned, Rhodey growled and Tony’s face turned an instant red. At least he had the conversation topic to distract him with. Hope had steadily grown as he heard his pack leaders talk. If they were talking about what he thought they were talking then maybe he didn’t have to say goodbye to his friends after all. If that were the case then Steve deserved every second of his posturing and Tony would happily allow it. A small price to pay for keeping his best friends close.
The only silver lining was his age, he guessed. He was old and was excused for falling on the ground. It was almost expected by everyone that elders had trouble walking after a while, even though Tony wasn’t
Tony looked up to him. Giant eyes glistening with purpose, but also with worry. Something no youngster should be feeling. “Can I go to him? Be his friend like Thor did?”
The heavy weight of guilt he carried was suddenly lifted. He finally had work and possible revenue. He felt so
Tony decided on the middle spot of the empty space, sitting cross-legged. Jarvis, who had been nesting on his shoulder the entire time, spread his wings in order to balance himself as Tony leaned down before settling again and continued nesting. Vision rolled and bumped against his thigh, beeping out a request that the Avengers all curiously looked at him for.
“Damn rat with wings,” he heard Hammer mutter. “I should have crushed him a long time ago. Useless thing.”
“Maybe. Rhodey’s last name is Rhodes, which is where the nickname came from, even though it’s not much of a nickname just adding one extra letter.”
“I will,” Tony promised, fully intending on doing the exact opposite. This time he would do better. He was going to keep calm and show nothing.
He had to believe that was not the reason for their absence, otherwise it would break all the will he had managed to regain. He didn’t believe there would be any way he could continue. Child or not.
It was all in vein. Something pushed against his arm, startling him to pull back from his hiding spot and coming to the sight of Steve’s worried wolf face, standing over him.
He cursed when he entered the communal kitchen and found Rogers leaning against the counter instead of Rhodey and his much-needed glass of water. He was about to turn and leave but Rogers spotted him before he could make his escape. A frown on his face and lips curving downwards. Tony was really
Somehow he managed to clear enough of the heated fog to process thoughts. “What do you have in mind?”
For his efforts, he received a bunch of beeps and chirps that could only be interpreted as sass coming from the machine. At least that had Bruce laughing at their interactions. It was a plus.
“No, he’s already filled with bullet holes as is. Let’s not make him thrash around and cause him more damage. These tranqs put you down quick. They should put him to sleep in minutes.”
There was visible color change on Jan’s cheeks, a slight pink tint. She smiled brightly and bounced her arms happily. “Thank you, Tony. That’s really sweet to say, but what do you think of it on you?”
“If we ever get our hands on one at least. Bottom line, you’ll never want to leave the place. Of course there’s the downer of living on the outer edges of the town. We’ve got to walk a good distance before we find the nearest trade. Comes with the title of a famous war pack.”
To prove his point the group of betas and omegas surrounding them were getting brave and crept closer and closer, wanting to converse with one of the Avengers. There wasn’t a spot around their table that was free of a shifter and Tony knew that Bruce must have been uncomfortable. With tense shoulders Bruce straightened up, understanding that he wasn’t going to get away with not communicating, and gave the Avengers a timid wave. “Bruce Banner.”
Clint released a squeaky whine, “Noo, anything but that. Get this cat off of us! Someone, anyone, we could really use a rescue right about now.” He shouted to the trees.
Tony’s heartbeat quickened. It wasn’t fair for him not to reveal the truth after everything that had occurred. Steve cared for his safety, that was obvious, He wouldn’t take advantage of Tony’s skills. He didn’t with the rest of their packmates and he wouldn’t with Tony. And even if he were to still try and keep it a secret it was evident it was going to be impossible with Steve and their packmates accompanying him to town.
Her request was odd and out of the blue, but Tony did as asked, turning his head to allow her full view of his profile.
It had happened some years back. Before Jarvis and long before Vision. Hammer had taken the pack through a town on their way for a business exchange and saw a chance to make a quick coin with the local blacksmith. Hammer had swindled his way into selling faulty pistols for a price worth more than what those damn pistols deserved. One thing Hammer was best known for besides his brand name was his silver tongue and his skill in manipulating situations in his favor. At least that was the case ever since Obie joined the picture and dragged Tony along. Hammer was the brand, but Obadiah was the salesmen. The man behind Hammer's ear, whispering what the public wanted to hear.
Then the most peculiar thing happened. Before Tony could voice his concern Natasha faced Bruce with the most expressionless face possible and held out her hand that had a fish for him to take. This would have been fine and normal had she just given it without a second thought or second glance. Doing so would’ve meant she was giving the fish as a friendly gesture, but Natasha was staring right at him and held out her hand with purpose, waiting for him to either accept or reject the fish. For human form this was the equivalent of a canine sharing their meal with interest to another canine, almost similarly to a leader eating first with their mate.
Steve walked over to the cart. “Might have broken my shield in half but at least it lets me know it did its job. Now it’s time to break in this one.”
By the time the carriage finally stopped in their destination Tony was almost at his wit’s end. He hardly protested when Hammer dragged him out of the carriage and led him away from the unused road and in through the trees. A forest stretching as far as the eye could see. Hammer and Stane had chosen the area well. Not many travelers used the unofficial road and no doubt less knew of its existence. If one were to hide from the Avengers, this would be the place.
“A most unique name is not reason enough to pass down in their tales. The glory comes from the skills of the warrior that brings fear into their enemies. Enemies are to cower from their capability, not for the rarity of their titles,” Loki chastited at no one in particular.
Jarvis flew over to rest on Tony's back, nipping affectionately. “Nonsense, Sir. Even with your advanced age you are able to handle a fright or two.”
“Come on, none of that,” Tony scooped him and Vision up, tucking them on the bed and reaching for the covers after. He maneuvered around the two so he could curl up and hold them close, wrapping the cover and sighing.
“Hide amongst the trees. Escape their sights,” Jarvis said while pressing himself against Tony’s neck, trying his best to comfort him.
The beta with the bow (they really needed to introduce themselves because Tony was getting tired only calling them ‘betas with this distinction’) laughed. “You just got insulted by a bird! Isn’t that your animal? Oh, man, not much of a bird charmer, are you?”
He couldn’t respond, didn’t think it possible with how his throat nearly closed up from the emotions, so instead he squeezed Steve’s hand and intertwined their fingers when Steve started showing signs of retracting his hold. He nodded, hoping it was enough of an answer.
Tony blinked and found, huh, that Jarvis had been right. During their little talk, he had ended up walking right up to the table of the lone omega shifter and had just stood there, bickering with the cockatoo as the other omega watched in… amusement? He was smiling, covering his mouth with his hand but Tony could still see the corners of his mouth facing upward. That was a good start and a good opening.
Tony groaned and rubbed his face with the sleeve of the coat he was wearing. When his nose was assaulted by a strong scent of alpha his brain decided to start properly working and the scent changed from random alpha to Steve Rogers and the words both Bruce and Jarvis had said finally sank in.
“S-Steve.” It was shocking how quickly his body reacted, how his length gave a valiant twitch in interest for the third time in the same day. He was in his
It seemed the cockatoo knew him too well. “Bruce and I went on and on about joining the pack that we never even asked you or Vision about it. What’s your opinion about going with the Avengers?”
“I did. Still the human struggles but he shall never break free again. He has no hold in humanity, nothing to help him. He is gone, just as you will once I end you,” with a roar the hydra struck. Tony barely managing to avoid the sharp teeth.
Winter throws himself between them. His metal arm wraps around Steve’s neck, yanking him back while he shoves his good arm in Steve’s jaws without a second thought. Through the footage, Steve can see the pain Winter is in. The way his face winces. How his good arm tries to recoil, wanting to get away, but unable to as Steve refuses to let go. How blood trickles out from the armor he wears and between Steve’s teeth. How Steve tries to shake his head in order to tear at the flesh and Winter frantically trying to stop him by tightening his hold.
Tony’s sighed in relief, grateful for having Bruce by his side. “Yeah, I think it’s time for lunch.”
“Making sure to wash every inch of you,” Steve moved those hands back up and down his arms, taking care to go slow and gentle and soothing. He sighed and let his body slump against his alpha, enjoying the feel of the strong chest against his back and the caress over his skin. Steve moved sensually, rocking back and forth.
“Four days?” Steve hummed in thought. “That is strange for it to last only one. The reason for it could be anything.”
“Of course we are, ma’am,” Dugan easily agreed. “It has been a long time coming. After all the stories he’s been telling about his omega that got away, it’s damn good he finally found ‘im.”
At the nod Steve got up and padded over to his pack and tucked clothing and armor. As he walked his body began to shift. His fur and tail receded as did his ears and a few steps away from reaching his pack he switched from padding on four to padding on two and stood straight in all his naked glory. Tony quickly turned away and found interest in Vision’s sleeping form, petting the top of his head in an attempt to distract himself. Vision didn’t respond and Tony figured he was going to have to carry the little machine back to their shack in the foreseeable future.
Tony never imagined this to be his future, and while the path to reach it was a long and hard one filled with sorrow, heartache and pain he wouldn’t change it for the world if it meant Steve was at the end of it.
He knew the same saying fell on their packmates as well. Though it was shocking to see it in person, the sight of every, single, one of them standing by the road near the mansion and pacing back and forth with concerned and impatient expressions was enough to nearly make Tony’s eyes water. And the pure relief they expressed when they noticed the two wolves making their way towards them was the sole reason one or two tears escaped him.
From above Jarvis was flying and trying to claw what he could reach. He was aiming for the attacker’s face, scratching and pecking and screeching in anger. Vision was struggling to release himself from the bag he was in, shouting obscenities that the attacker didn’t understand.
Tony had long passed his time to be something worth cherishing, but he could imagine and possibly dream about it instead. It was as close to happiness and worth as he was going to get.
. His smell was so different from Hammer’s. It wasn’t harsh or sharp or heated and didn’t make Tony feel as if he was almost choking on it. No, it was soft and fresh and calming and made Tony feel at ease, protected, and made his blood pump slightly. Tony just wanted to bury himself in the coat and never come out.
Vision huffed but left it at that. Jarvis pecked him one more time, deciding it enough, before settling down again and nesting.
Tony almost flew across the table in his mad dash to grab the machine before he took the final roll over the edge. While he made it so that Vision’s body was durable against anything that hit him he still preferred that no unnecessary dents and scratches be taken.
He told Natasha as much and she snorted, held up her outrageously decorated mug and said something in what Steve assumed was Russian and took a swing. Steve followed suit and drank from his own in celebration to feeling good.
By this point Tony was tired of constantly trying to say ‘you don’t have to,’ so instead he just nodded. Agreeing was faster than arguing and this way at least it would get them to their shack sooner.
As a reminder, this chapter has bottom!Steve that will continue until the last two or three paragraphs. Be aware if it's not your cup of tea.
Tony hummed and closed his eyes to fully enjoy the feeling of his alpha’s knot. “At least one of us is enjoying it. Maybe I got sprayed by something? I’ll have to figure out what so we can use it again later.”
He paid no second mind to his naked glory and grabbed one of the many pails present. He scooped up some of the water resting in the tub and moved to stand on the section of the floor chipped off in a square shape with the drain in the middle. He touched the water experimentally before tilting the pail over his head and soaking his hair and portions of his body. The floor was crafted in a way that caused the water to slide down to the drain and Tony watched the water take small chunks of dirt and grass that had caught in his hair into it and disappear.
When they were within the trees Tony scrambled to stand in front of the enraged omega and calm him down. “Bruce, are you with me? Come on, deep breaths.”
“I think he’ll learn to love it,” Ben laughed as Peter nearly made it to his seat. “Hang on there, Sport. Let me help.”
Tony, for the most part, watched the pack go back and forth, blushing at Thor’s choice of wordings. Feeling a little lost he turned to Bruce, who raised an eyebrow at him and said, “Don't look at me. I'm not getting on the Captain's bad side.”
Tony glance at the fire in his forge. Weak and minutes away from just becoming ash. Not a large loss and it wasn’t as if he was working on anything big or important at the moment. He nodded and leaned against Steve’s side when his alpha wrapped an arm around his shoulder.
If not the pack mother then maybe they wanted him to be the stay-at-den omega and look after their place while they traveled the roads and defeated peace-disturbing scoundrels and have meals ready for when they returned. Of course he knew nothing about cooking, but he knew about keeping a place clean, Hammer made sure of that.
“We’ll have to do this fast and smart. We’ll make a dent in their numbers using that fort and pick off whoever is left. Maybe with luck, we’ll come out with hardly a scratch.” Almost all of them snorted at that, except for those who had recently joined the pack. From somewhere in their arrangement Jan could be heard whispering “as if that ever happens.” Steve ignored them. “Be prepared for a big fight either way.”
He also wondered if they were aware about him leaving Hammer and Obie. He should’ve searched for them the moment he was free of his old pack’s clutches, but where to start? Rhodey was probably across the sea, the military lovin alpha. And Pepper? Tony lost track of her pack years ago. They could be anywhere.
Tony made a sharp turn around a tree and in a clearing that appeared to be place solely for the purpose of a battle he found his pack all gathered on one side and a lone shifter on the other. His eyes took in every detail, every speck of figure, the intense black coat, the dark eyes, the size and the sharp shape. The new shifter was very much an alpha wolf and exactly who Tony thought it was.
Tony understood that he was going to be smothered for the foreseeable future. Their packmates were not going to let him remain alone for long.
“Doesn’t happen to me either,” another pause, “but maybe it’s about time it does. I’m willing to give it a try, but I won’t do it without you.”
. “I never understood what was so great about an alpha posturing, but after having that hunk of man walk into our lives and seeing it happen right now?” He gestured to Tony, Pepper and Happy to show the next part was for them. “Listen, can we have his hand in marriage?”
By this point it was no secret that Bruce was different and possibly a dangerous omega in the eyes of the surrounding shifters, and Tony was glad they were leaving these shacks. The backlash they would get if for some reason they decided to stay now would be horrendous.
“Oh, I’m sure you will,” Natasha responded dryly while pointedly staring at Steve, who had not stopped his attention. “Steve will take good care of you.”
His heart was frantically beating in his chest and his palms were sweating. He had his eyes down but he could feel their stares piercing into him, demanding to know why he was still sitting and why he wasn’t making the effort to leave. He hunched his shoulders, wanting to make himself look smaller. His hands were clenched over his knees, trembling. They wanted him gone, he knew they did. He needed to leave, he needed to -
The blush stayed in place as Tony was left stuttering at that. “That’s not - no, he’s - that doesn’t mean -” he managed before giving up and covering half his face with his hand. Bruce patted his shoulder in sympathy.
Bucky wasn’t going to give up so easily. He pushed against Steve’s forehead harder in tempo with each name he said. “Steve, Steve, Steve, Stevie, Steve, Steven, Stevo, Stove, Rogers, wake up.”
“What? No! Get off me,” Sam tried peeling off Clint’s octopus-like grip on him. “You’re stinking up the whole forest.”
In a surprising turn of events (though maybe not that surprising all things considering), shortly after Steve finally agreed to include Tony and Rhodey in the contract with the promise the two would listen to every order he said, from up the stairs Bruce appeared along with Pepper and Happy. The omega determined to say something while the two betas gazed curiously at the whole scene.
The last one who had yet to deny it held his gaze spoke to him slowly. “Look, I said no,” Sam held up one finger. “I told him, I wanted to keep my fur, to
“I'm pretty sure our pack are either sleeping or they've already taken one themselves. Now that you mentioned it I could do with a bath, too. Care for some company?”
“I disagree. The besom is the most important element. How else are we to battle against the mire and find a means to sweep Clinton from our home?”
Jan shook her head. “Hank… it’s true we put our pack at risk, I will not lie. Our safety comes first, and we neglected that, but the way he reacted, the way he pushed… please don’t hold it against him. His mixtures are very important to him. He’s put years into perfecting them, so to hear his suppressants failed and a packmate entered a heat because of their failure? It’s… hard to accept. He’s -
“Not really, no. To be honest, if someone asked me that back when I was still with my old pack I would’ve thought them delusional for even thinking it. Me with a war pack? I can barely handle a sword.”
Tony wondered how long it truly had been since the Avengers saw their home. In fact, he wondered what they had been doing prior to meeting him and Bruce. Saving a town, perhaps? Or fighting off raiders? Maybe even fighting against one of the many Hydra packs out there.
He stirred from movement and the sounds of paws padding over wooden floors. Blinking himself awake, he managed to see Steve in his glorious, two-legged and completely naked form bring a tray in before closing the door. On the tray, he managed to spot a platter of dried meat, a loaf of bread, berries, cheese and a goblet of water. On the corner of the tray was a small bottle with yellow liquid and a folded note.
Now then, as usual hope you enjoyed this, even if it has the nasty little element towards the end and sort of on a cliffhanger.
That perked their ears up and caused the canines to wag their tails. When Tony turned to walk back to his spot they trotted after him, sniffing Vision and making sure he was injured free. The rest of the Avengers were quiet as they watched him walk back. All of them were shooting worried glances to Vision and him. The moment he sat down again Steve was on him with questions and checking him and Vision over.
“But what about the town’s people? They’re going to panic seeing a two-legged wolf running right for them.”
“Of course you’re handsome, no doubt about it, but this outfit adds more to it. You’re more than handsome. You’re stunning, and beautiful, and gorgeous and magnificent and even foxy and someone worth ravishing,” she finished with a wink. “You’re everything I just said and I gotta say I’m very proud with how that outfit turned out. That coat really defines your curves and those pants… I never imagined you’d be hiding something so
His own tears started. He had ordered Steve to leave him alone, disrespected his alpha and pack leader, and basically handed over a reason to be kicked out. This was it. Steve was slipping through his fingers.
Tony had rushed right at the alpha. By all means, the alpha had every right to attack in self-defense or order his pack to strike, but this alpha did neither. Instead, he allowed Tony to go free and live to see another day.
Another flick of his tongue. “If you wish to see it that way. I care not. Now come. While I find joy in seeing others’ misery, when it comes to Rogers no one is left unscathed. I for one do not wish to travel for two days with his insufferable moping.” Loki released the branch and slid off to the ground, landing with a heavy thud and slithering away as if it was nothing.
“Would have been helpful if it did that after three pushes,” Rhodey said and stretched out his tired arms. “Moving it took a lot out of me. Are you sure it was a door and I didn’t just break through the wall?”
Staff meaning magical quality and magical quality meaning that Loki was capable of wielding and manipulating it. That was… that was big news for Tony. He wasn’t the only one with the magical quality. He wasn’t… wasn’t needed for his special skills. It was both good and bad. Good because he didn’t have to reveal any of it to the pack. They didn’t have to force him to. Bad because he literally had nothing to give to the pack now. The last chip he could’ve used in order to remain wasn’t needed. That aspect was covered and they didn’t require another magic wielder. He was useless. He had nothing to give to the pack.
“Is there a reason why you don’t want to join?” Bruce asked instead. “Can’t be because they don’t like you. From what I saw they were rather fond. They’re not exactly what I thought a war pack would be.”
“Please. Let me finish saying what I have to say,” Jan took a long inhale. “This should never have happened. Your heat… Steve near a rage… what Hank said. It could’ve all been avoided if we did what we were supposed to, but we didn’t. You’re in heat, Steve nearly entered a rage and Hank was right on what he said. There’s nothing we can do about it now, but the blame is not yours alone to take. I was supposed to give you the suppressants, but I didn’t, and I’m partially responsible for this. I’m sorry.”
The Avengers were the same traveling pack Tony had interrupted and now they were getting their revenge. That had to be the reason why they were giving him and Bruce attention. There was no other explanation. God, he had dragged Bruce into this
Tony snorted but got to work, doing his best to comb where Jarvis had mentioned, and after getting the cockatoo’s approval he quickly dug through his bag for the cleanest set of clothes he had. That was another mental note he added, shopping. He required a completely new wardrobe, seeing as everything he had were left behind when he broke away from Hammer. His bag could only carry so much so he took what he was wearing and brought with him three outfits and a set of nightclothes.
“Only if you treat him as such. He licked my face, Brucie, I think we’re beyond the point of being enemies and we’re one step away from going under the waist.”
“When I heard Jarvis and Vision screeching I thought the worse. I was so scared for you when I saw those bastard shifters on you. All I could see was red.”
“Odd to see them near a shack. Last I heard they haven’t recruited anyone in years. Why now? There hasn’t been a reported death, has there?”
“If you cannot say anything that isn’t an apology than do not speak.” Through the doors Loki appeared, face annoyed and eyes stern. “You should not ask for pardon so easily. It is demeaning and pathetic.”
The Avengers were also openly staring at him and Bruce now, shifting their gazes back and forth. They were waiting for an introduction, no doubt, since Bruce was making no effort to try and talk to any of them. Hopefully, they didn't take it as an insult and decide to retaliate. The last thing any of them wanted was to cause Hulk to make an appearance. At that moment it really wasn’t a great time and Tony did
It was all well, though. He learned to survive with the little he received thanks to Jarvis and Vision. It was enough, just enough, for an omega like himself, and after living years in that manner he got used to it. His body and mind accepted the fact that he was only ever going to receive a limited amount of physical contact that didn’t involve breeding. He was thankful for it. The occasions he was desperate enough that he begged Hammer weren’t his greatest moments. The day his desire for contact simmered down to a manageable need was perhaps one of the greatest days in his years with Hammer. It gave him a sort of freedom. A control Hammer couldn’t get his hands on.
There was no sure way to know. Tony could sit there and ponder how it occurred, but it wouldn’t change the outcome.
There’s still the footage of his confinement, but he can’t bring himself to see it. Not yet. Not after this.
“You never fantasized yourself trying new activities in bed? New positions or using items between us?”
“What’s wrong?” Steve said the moment he noticed Tony’s attitude change. “Was it Clint? Did he make you uncomfortable? I’ll talk to him if he did.”
He just didn’t know what he was going to say to Steve. What would Steve think of him wearing nightclothes for their walk? That he was uncaring, perhaps? Wasn’t taking him seriously? Wasn’t putting the effort? With Tony’s luck he’d end up somehow insulting Steve and then causing the alpha to reconsider pursuing him. To realize there were other better options out there.
He guessed he shouldn’t be surprised. When had anything regarding his own life gone right? But he figured since he was with Bruce that, maybe, destiny would take pity on him and give them both a chance to start new and have a decent happy ending.
“We were happy, as you’d expect. We finally got what we wanted. Just had to be sure we’d make the months until we were safe. It was great news and we thought our pack would be excited for us, but… we didn’t expect for them to react negatively. They weren’t too keen on a male beta carrying. They were traditionalist, and we didn’t even know.”
“Never,” Rhodey wrapped an arm around him. “Just keeping you level headed and reasonable. Someone has to.”
Tony watched the retreating back. That should’ve been him running out of the room, outraged at what he had just done and shocked at how his body reacted to being held by Rogers. A man’s touch should
“Aye, congratulations are in order for this most joyous occasion,” Thor said as he lifted one hand holding a bone in the air to mimic a toast.
Some time later, when the tears dried up and he was able to breathe properly and calmly, Tony found himself on his back with the golden wolf that was Steve on top of him, blanking him from the world. Jarvis was nuzzled up on his shoulder and Vision by his side near his hip. They were quiet, giving Tony the silent comfort and protection he desperately needed. Tony was thankful for it.
Tony had to wonder what stories the others carried on their shoulders, for Steve to suggest to hear them first. Had they suffered their own struggles? Had their own personal demons? Had their own Stane and Hammer who took everything?
The feeling on his legs was almost back by the time Steve finished dressing to something decent with his shirt and pants and boots. His legs were in the middle of the pins and needles phase and Tony didn’t dare to move a single muscle associated with the appendages, but Bruce was already up on his feet with a now awake blurry-eyed Jarvis puffing his feathers, Natasha had her arms crossed over her chest and Steve was standing with his arms behind his back and swaying his body with a smile on his face. They were waiting for him and Tony had learned overtime not to keep others waiting for him. Hammer hated waiting.
Tony wondered what Rhodey would think of him now if he saw what twenty-something years with Hammer had done to him. Would Rhodey even recognize him? Probably not.
Tony ignored the little pain in his chest when he noticed Steve still hadn’t let go of Prior’s hand as he sighed and stood. “This table is getting overcrowded. Let's let the others get a chance to use it,” he said when Bruce gave him a questioning gaze.
“You still have to worry about our Captain, Clint. I think if anything he’s going to claim cuddling rights and he’ll fight you for it.”
“Who don’t we want to let go so soon?” All of them nearly jumped and turned their heads when Bucky’s voice rang in the room. They had been alone (a miracle in itself) while bidding goodbye but like water rushing in the Avengers trickled in the room one by one until everyone soul in the house was present.
Steve didn’t answer, already closing his heavy eyes and dozing off. He might have felt mildly guilty for not even giving Buck a chance to decide who took up watch but sleep was too tempting. Not even a minute later he was dozing off to the soft tremble of the jet and its humming.
Heavy steps crunched on the dead leaves of the ground, signaling the arrival of the Hulk. It grabbed everyone’s attention, including Jan and Hank’s. All except for Steve, who began to groom behind Tony’s ears. Not appearing worried one bit and choosing to focus on what he believed to be more important matters. That apparently was the act of giving Tony affection. Tony suspected his heat had something to do with it and if their environment had been appropriate, no enemies and perhaps no packmates, he would’ve indulged in everything Steve was willing to give him. It had been so,
It was obvious that the Avengers were really close and were really comfortable with each other. Something Tony envied a little. He wanted that trust, wanted to be part of that circle and that family. Even if he was now part of the pack it would take weeks, or probably months to gain something remotely similar to that close-knit faith.
“I’m pretty sure the town we stayed at for the night has heat rooms. I saw one on our way out,” Clint offered. “You better get a move on while you still have time.”
“Puny gun no hurt Hulk,” was all Hulk said in the introduction, growl evident in his voice along with pride.
Hammer cursed. “That thing is going to bring down the whole damn town at this rate. All of you, take aim! Shoot the damn rat down!”
His mate sighed. “There’s no reason to apologize for reacting, Tony. This is important to you and I didn’t think about how it would sound. I should’ve been careful with my words.”
This led to many interactions with his teammates after doing the dirty with whomever caught his fancy that night. Natasha and Clint didn’t give a damn. They’ve probably seen and heard worse and this couldn’t have scratched the surface for them. They were spies. If they never caught their target out and about seducing anything that moved they were probably doing it wrong. Hell, Natasha used sex appeal to her advantage. Why would they care?
Vision turned his head from Steve to Tony and back to Steve, made a long note that could only be defined as the machine’s version of an ‘ooooh, is that it?’ before he released a series of beeps and whistles that had Tony jumping to try and cover up and caused him to turn bright red.
Steve seemed to snap out of whatever mentality he had been. He visibly appeared surprised by his own actions, shook his head, and sheepishly ducked his head down for a second before standing tall and proud. He made a noise that sounded suspiciously like an embarrassed whine, “Who are your friends?”
Awestruck, Tony grabbed the leg and avoided getting the mess on his hand, cluelessly holding it up. “T-thank you.”
During the month of staying in the shacks, there were a total of four packs that had traveled through. Each time Tony and Bruce had barely caught a glimpse of the members, let alone even managed to even see the hair on the leader alpha. The other shifters were always blocking the view. It didn't help that neither Tony nor Bruce even tried to get close to the packs. They preferred to just remain at their table they had marked as their own and make small talk, asking about the weather and such. Casual conversation. Perhaps a brief mention of the pack here and there with a sarcastic remark from Jarvis, but then they’d go right back to talking about something mundane. Such as Vision’s questionable stain on his metallic body that requires Tony to bathe him later on in the day.
But, even if he had devoid any emotion in his voice and hadn’t uttered a single word of his past, Steve still looked stricken, as if he could somehow
“I didn’t,” Tony, for all his want to carry a child to make Hammer happy, didn’t actually sat down and imagined himself in a happy family life with Hammer and their pup. He just could never bring himself to love Hammer.
“A future champion for sure. He’ll be competing against elites in no time,” Jan pressed against him to avoid colliding with a human woman. She
No one stopped them as they went up the stairs. Instead of heading to his and Steve’s shared room he went directly for his old one assigned to him upon first arriving. His items and clothing having moved some time ago, all except for a set of gauntlets he had hidden under the bed, wrapped in the very shirt he had worn when he ran away from Hammer. In a moment of bravery he gently placed Vision on the floor, pulled the gauntlets out and pulled back the cloth. The shine of red on the fingers glinted back at him, as if saying hello for after so long and happy to see him.
. Not strong, but enough for Tony to want and ask Steve who they were. However, an uneasiness to the entire situation snuffed it out. It kept it at bay and all he could do was sit there and watch his alpha speak to the strangers he shared familiarity with.
It took a couple of seconds but when Steve understood what he meant he didn’t look like he could stop himself from laughing if he tried. He doubled over and held himself up by his knees. Tony probably should’ve taken care of business before dressing in layers that required being unclasped one by one to be removed. How did the Avengers or war packs in general even
Sam had seemingly decided to go for a swim as well and was also down to a shirt and breeches. He wasn’t the only one. Thor was already taking off his last piece of clothing, showing the world his naked glory and revealing to Tony just how big muscles could actually get. If Clint’s toned body had made Hammer’s look like a disgrace, Thor’s body made him look like an empty sack with no definition and Tony couldn’t stop the little noise he made at the sight.
When Steve finally relaxed his jaw and let him go Tony went limp under him, head back and throat exposed. He exhaled in relief. His nerves desperate for a break. He… hadn't been prepared for that. Feeling pain while in the middle of his cycle he was familiar with. Hammer hadn’t been outright violent, but he wasn’t exactly gentle either when his alpha hindbrain took over. Tony was prone to getting injuries, most of it was bleeding a little between his legs from Hammer’s impatient rut brought upon by his pheromones. The others consisted of harsh bites on the muscle of his neck and shoulders.
Tony did as he was told and removed the soft shirt, exposing his chest and his scars to the crisp air. Out of reflex he bundled up the clothing over them in order to hide the marks. Steve was having none of it. He placed the armor back on the bed, gave a kiss on Tony’s forehead and gently removed the bundled up shirt and ran a soothing hand over the raised skin. “Don’t hide from me.”
. Tony ended up crashing with another shifter who thought he was being rude and shoved him to another shifter who repeated the process. Many were shouting “Watch it!” and “Move” as they played a game of ball with him.
her, but I could never give her all of me. Not when a part of me was already given. I couldn’t completely let go or forget that part. We agreed to end it when I proved too stubborn.”
His cheeks gained color from the shame of pressuring them to act against their will, to gain an emotion forced upon them by his body’s alarmed response. “I’m sorry. I didn’t know I was -”
No one moved to defend their pack alpha. Steve raised an eyebrow and looked to Tony. “Told you. Not even Bucky will stop him.”
Tony felt so warm and safe and secure. So satisfied. So fulfilled. He felt almost untouchable. As if the worst of society couldn’t lay a finger on him. His past couldn’t touch him, nor could his fears and struggles.
Jarvis ignored him. “I still have my concerns regarding Captain Rogers, but for the most part I approve of him, should you wish to continue this courtship. However, I must inform that, if Captain Rogers behaves in an unsavory manner, I will not hesitate to act. I will go for the eyes.”
Tony’s face lit up entirely and his hands quickly went behind to cover the little he could. He even turned his body slightly in order to keep his back out of their sights. The flush reached all the way down to his neck, probably matching with the crimson coat, but it was nothing compared to the red Steve had gotten from apparent fury and the near menacing growl accompanied with it. Everyone stopped to turn to him. Steve was glaring at Bucky, having taken one step towards him and looking ready to fight, but for all the intended purpose of the glare the alpha leader was giving, Steve didn’t actually do anything besides continuously release a rumble to let them know his anger was not fading anytime soon.
He had been so young and naive, but now he understood his place. Why fate decided him as omega. It was fitting. In the end, he wasn’t meant to lead a pack or join in battle or stand amongst those worth ten of others. He was just Tony and, as life had taught him, he wasn’t worth even a proper one. No amount of white lies would ever change that.
Had he experienced a faux heat? The outcome of his body adjusting to the healthy environment he now lived in until it was strong enough for a true heat? That seemed explanatory, but he was no expert. He needed a knowledgeable opinion, otherwise, he was grasping at straws.
“Steve,” the beta purred. “So what brings you and your pack around the area? Are you here to recruit by any chance? Because I happen to know all the talent available,” he leaned a bit so only Steve could hear but didn’t exactly do a great job lowering his voice. “I also happen to be all the talent available.”
Tony whipped around to face him. He glared back at the man. He wasn’t a child and he long outgrew his teens to be reprimanded like one. He was a
So much happened at once that Tony blacked out for a bit and returned to Steve still knotted in him and licking his stinging bond bite, humming contently. Tony sighed and soaked in all the affection Steve offered. This was the truth. This was real.
“Vision for the last time if you don’t sit still I’m going to put you in the bag and hang the bag on a tree,” grumbled Tony for the fourth time.
The blonde shifter who had kissed Steve had an odd expression after she pulled away from him. Tony had caught it. With all his attention solely on his alpha as he showed affection to this stranger, it was hard not to catch the small change.
They were all shocked to find a large, canine-like creature stand above them on two legs, hunched slightly and with his giant claws hanging by his sides. A large snout carried with it sharp fangs each about the size of individual fingers and diamond, yellow eyes stared into their souls.
“I get it, I do, but I just couldn't stop thinking it. If you had left us I just… I don't think I could've recovered from it.”
“You’re safe, you’re safe, Tony, I swear. You’re safe,” Steve repeated over and over and over again.
It took a couple of minutes for Steve’s knot to go down before they could even get to the washing part. The water had cooled slightly during their mating and they were quick to rinse everything off. Tony tried really hard to clean as much as he could of Steve’s leaking seed. No doubt the walk back to their rented room would consist of it trailing down his legs and no amount of speed would prevent it.
Seeing them all made his worries from before vanish, made it all seem silly that he made a huge deal about what they would think of him when they themselves were so laid back. They weren’t strict, they didn’t even seem to care. He felt so
happen!” Steve’s voice suddenly rose in anger, startling him a little. “What kind of pack just let’s one of their own
“But what if not?” Bucky countered. “We get it, Steve. Really we do. The last thing we want is to watch any of our loved ones get hurt, but we also know the other side, including you.
“Well, I mean, if you think you can handle my shift you can go for it, but I’m telling you now the other guy doesn’t seem to be a gentle lover.”
Steve hummed in thought before crawling on the bed and leaning close to him, nose to nose. “Plenty of ways we can spend our time with. The note doesn’t say we can’t use our mouths or hands.”
All the avengers were falling for it, all except for one. Natasha didn’t wince and she didn’t appear to accept the explanation. She was searching again, just like before, and Tony really hoped she wouldn’t find whatever she was looking for.
Multiple heats? No wonder the mere mention of a packmate entering their cycle had caused Hank to lash out. While heats are usually perceived as a pleasurable and emotional experience, it was still a strain to the body. For a beta, who didn’t experience heats or ruts naturally, the strain placed was even worse. No amount of pleasure would make the exhaustion endured after worth it.
Tony internally groaned. Ty was the last centaur he wanted to think about. “The only way Ty will notice anyone is if they’re wearing a mirror.”
It took a bit of encouraging but eventually Steve managed to dislodge his hands from Tony to unbutton his pants just enough and released his erection that stood happily and proud at being freed. Tony swallowed at the confirmation of Steve’s size and girth. Far larger than Hammer and certainly thicker as well. Hammer didn’t come close to it. If this was Steve now… Tony couldn’t begin to imagine how big his knot would be. He prayed their coupling wouldn’t cause him to bleed. He didn’t want to add to Steve’s list of unintentionally hurting him and having to apologize.
Tony hadn’t realized his voice was getting louder and that Bruce, Jarvis and Natasha were now looking his way. His attention was aimed at Steve who was shocked and had his lower lip wobbling. Tony paid it no mind. He had to finish what he was saying to finally get the alpha to stop. “If this is your way of getting back at me, I get it. I’ll never bother you or your pack again. Just please stop whatever it is you’re doing. I’m not -” he cleared his throat and looked down.
The alpha’s eyes widened. “Did I do something you didn't want? I'm sorry, I shouldn’t have touched there without permission, I -”
“You're so beautiful,” Steve whispered on his skin. He felt the very impressive girth of Steve’s erection against the small of his back, heavy and hot and twitching. “You're always beautiful, but to have you like this - to
“Steve!” Dugan said with a raise of his glass, cutting through the noise. “Are you and your pack in the middle of a contract?”
“Damn snarky bird,” Tony muttered as the shifters around them began chuckling. Steve's body heat a constant reminder on his lap and side.
When the workshop lit up with life following the first snowfall, he got to work helping read the first batch of letters and wrap the toys. They were small tasks, but tasks he took seriously. Menial work compared to what Loki and Thor did, but it was work nonetheless and he was damn proud of it.
Tony hadn’t been groomed in… well, in such a long time. He was starting to realize there were a lot of things that hadn’t been done to him, or to better phrase it, he was realizing there were a lot of things that
Right as they were about to reach the stairs Tony stopped abruptly. Steve, ever the worried one, frowned in concern. “Tony?”
“I’m not!” His grip was turning white under the rising pressure he exhorted. Emotions boiling to a breaking point. “I’m not painting it as anything. I know it’s not acceptable. It’s not something a leader does and it’s not right. I know that now!” Now, he knew that now, because of the Avengers. He knew because of Steve and Jan and Sam. He knew because of Rhodey after the alpha spent
