Dean sighs, scrubbing a hand over his face. “You said it yourself. Something’s not kosher. I’m sticking around until I figure that out. You with me, Cas?”
“And anyway,” Dean continues, “It’s a rite of passage. Fuck me over then die trying to make things right? Forgive me for fucking you over and then save my life? We had to break the cycle. Welcome to the family.”
This whole thing between him and Dean is indescribable. It should be nonexistent, and yet it exists. Is it cheating if it’s an emotional, intellectual bond with someone he’s never met in person? Is it cheating if it’s just conversation that isn’t romantic? (Dean flirts sometimes but Castiel suspects that it’s not serious, or with any intent to pursue something romantic or sexual. It’s just a part of Dean’s personality, and Castiel knows by now that he thinks it’s funny.)
Lucifer shrugged, "Castiel seems happy, though. And if Dean is still leading the rebellion, maybe he's in this marriage for the long con. What better way to rid himself of a Novak than by earning his trust?" He started towards to the door, "We should just wait it out, Michael before we make another move." Michael watched his brother leave his room, drumming his fingers on the table. Perhaps Lucifer was right: maybe Dean was playing Cas. Who would love his youngest brother, truly?
Michael glanced to their hands. "I came to offer my condolences about Cain. I knew your marriage would be short, but I didn't expect it so soon after the wedding." He looked back to the red stain on the wall behind the throne. "how did he pass again?"
"He withdrew from the kingdom when my mother died. A band of corrupted soldiers started pillaging the countryside, and they killed quite a few peasants. Others begged him for help, but he told them to figure something out for themselves."
"Why would I do that, Dean? This is so much more fun." Cain smirked and cut Dean's muscles back like his skin. "Have you ever wondered what a person looks like inside?"
Cas paced back and forth in his chambers, stealing glances to his balcony every pass. The moment Dean had asked him to join the rebellion, he knew he would go with Dean. He hadn't slept well since meeting the dashing rebellion leader. His dreams, though pleasant, were plagued by those shimmering emeralds piercing his very being, the subtle dusting of freckles over his cheeks, the firm hand pulling his body off the ground with such ease, the genuine laughs coming from those plump, so touchable lips. Cas straightened up; what was he thinking? He just met the rebel leader, and he was ready to leave his family and join the rebellion. There was still time for Cas to tell Michael about his meeting with Dean, but he froze when he heard something scrape against the balcony. Cas glanced to the door as it creaked opened. Every doubt melted away when Cas saw Dean slink into his chambers. Cas looked over his broad, sturdy shoulders, his teasing grin, and those radiating green eyes. He straightened up and fought a shiver running down his spine.
Cas laughed softly and turned to face Dean. "You'll what? Kill her? She's dead and gone. I suppose I've seized the kingdom of Elladonton for Eastden."
Hannah and a few other maids brought buckets of steaming water up to the room, right by Dean. Hannah watched the guard carefully and closed the door behind her helpers. Cas stripped behind a screen and sat in the wooden tub after the women had filled it. Dean continued his stoic facade, his ears turning red as he heard Cas in his room. He turned to the stairwell as someone approached. He frowned as Michael approached.
Before Cas could respond, Michael came over and clapped his arms around the two brothers, pulling them towards himself. "Brothers! We must celebrate my coronation properly. I want every dignitary from every kingdom to come. Especially all of the single ones." He eyed Cas with a devious smirk, "If we don't get you married off soon, you'll be an old bachelor for life. You're nearly twenty now."
Cas smiled back, kissing his forehead, "Good morning, Dean." He chuckled, resting a hand on his chest. "I didn't wake you, did I?"
Dean put an arm around him and brushed his hair gently, kissing his forehead. "I'll help you, Cas. I'll never let you do some you regret, Castiel." He whispered. "From now on, it's us against the world, against anyone or anything, we'll face it together, Cas." He promised, hugging him closer. He meant it; nothing would ever separate him from his family again.
Cain stood in plain traveling clothes, looking around the room with a gentle smile. Cas had decorated his room with his own paintings. Cas painted the city, the forests beyond the gates, even the sunrises and sunsets from his balcony view. "Your brothers didn't mention you were an artist."
"Well, Jimmy, welcome to the capital Wingsworth." She started to collect empty mugs from the man next to Cas. "Dean, I've told you to keep your seat clean. Look at these mugs. I'm not your maid. If you can't keep them orderly, I'll cut you off." She warned
Cas held his ring, “Why do you want me to bear your mark? Hasn’t he suffered enough without more misfortune befalling him?”
Dean brushed his cheek with his thumb, very similar to Cain. "What's changed your mind, Cas? Why now are you accepting my touch?"
The following morning Dean woke in a slight daze, his body aching from his long journey and the fights he picked. He stretched his protesting muscles before he got out of the bed. Amara gave him a private room in the castle, but Dean didn't fully unpack his bags. Dean walked over to the water pump in the corner of the room. He smiled in pleasant surprise when warm water met his skin. He pulled his shirt over his head and splashed his chest and neck with water.
"Can we just stay here?  Raise a family, move your rebellion here. The kingdom's nearly empty. We could live here in peace."
Dean's skin chilled underneath Cas's soft fingertips, and he couldn't help but tense as Cas touched him. He held his breath as Cas continued to touch him. He cleared his throat after a moment, "How is your water warm here?"
Cole's eyes crossed as he tried pulling Dean's arm away from his throat. Dean dropped him to the ground, spitting next to him. "If I ever so much as hear you say his name, I'll personally drag your ass out into the square and rip your head off your shoulders with my bare hands." Cole coughed more, holding his throat and nose as he scurried to the door. Dean locked the door after he left, his rage slowly leaving his body as he walked over to Cas. He gently tugged Cas's pants up, pulling him into his lap on the bed. "Shh... it's okay. I'm here. I won't let him hurt you again." He whispered, holding Cas to his chest.
Cas turned over as Cain went to the door. He didn't want anyone to be around him right now, not even Dean's presence was welcomed. After a few moments of silence, the door creaked opened. Cas stayed under the blankets, facing away. "Hannah, can you just sit the tea down, please." He rolled his eyes as the footsteps moved around the bed. "Hannah, I don't want company, right now!" He snapped and turned over to scold her disobedience. He froze as he found a man at the foot of his bed. His eyes looked hungrily at Cas and forced a chill down Cas's spine. "Who are you? Cain and Dean are busy. I'm sure they can help you more than I can."
Dean let the courier move on as he turned back to Sam. "He's alive... I have to. We have to go back, Sam."
Dean walked over to him, hugging around his waist. "Of course, Cas. I can respect that." Dean kissed his shoulder then looked into the mirror. He smiled as he looked over Cas's reflection: the gentle curve of his hips, his slender shoulders, the bruises along his neck from the night before. His eyes settled on the mark. "What's this?" He tried to wipe it off.
Jess stood up, a wide smile spreading across her face. She went over and gave him a hug. The infant squealed at being squeezed between the two bigger people.
Cas nodded, "Good, good. I refuse to stay defenseless as long as he is here." He looked back to Dean, "I can't expect you to stay with me all the time, and Cain has a kingdom to rule."
"Wonderful." Dean rubbed his temples with a sigh. "But you could try to persuade others at least. Maybe even your new husband will be powerful enough to break the peace treaty that comes with your hand." He smirked.
The glow shone, blindingly white and filling the air with static. Electric tingles ran down Dean’s arm and he jerked away.
Sam looks back at Dean, all of a sudden looking 22 years old again, his fighting spirit untarnished by anything. “Dean what? You need a doctor, or a surgeon! You need a hospital!.”
The ugly, hollow something tumbles out of Dean in a gasp, and he buries his face into Cas’s shoulder. “Come on man, please, open your damn eyes and look at me, yell at me, do something you idiot.” He rambles, for 30 seconds or an hour, until Sam stops him.
Pulling away from their embrace, Sam says,“Eileen already told me she wouldn’t stay unless I kept the junk food in stock,” warmth filtering into his voice.
Dean looks at Cas, into his ever blue eyes and feels freer and lighter than he ever has. He let go of his brother for the first time in his life. They would see each other again, on holidays and birthdays but they were headed to wildly different futures, and Dean’s was sitting right next to him.
Dean undid his own pants, kissing Cas's jaw. "Then why are you marrying someone else?" He mumbled between kisses.
"He gave me his family's mark of power and nobility. He wants me to take over until his heir is old enough to wear it, if he ever has one." Dean chuckled lightly, "but I don't see how he's going to have an heir with you as his spouse."
Cas held back tears as Dean snapped at him. “You’re lying! You can tell yourself that all you want Dean, but I know the truth! You’ve laid in my bed, begged me to run away with you!”
Cas stole a glance to the red mark on her shoulder then quickly returned back to his ring. “Cain has that mark, but it’s on his forearm and it’s much more of a scar.” He took a sip of tea. “Did he give it to you as well?”
Black smoke filled the room as Dean lost himself in his carving; Amara stood behind him, "That's a shame. Abaddon was one of my most dedicated children." Dean turned at the sound of her somber voice. She smiled warmly at his blood splattered face. "Hello Dean. I think we need to talk."
Dean just grinned shifting to a grimace when he moved slightly. “Alastair has an interesting way of teaching me how to run things around here.” He coughed once, reaching up to hold Cas’s face. “I’ll be fine. Just sore from being cut into. How are you? Have you had any trouble?”
Dean was out on patrol with Sam when a courier came barreling down the road towards Wingsworth. Dean flagged him down, "What's the rush? Who died?"
Dean pushed Emma behind him, keeping his eyes steady on Cas. "He said you were dead too, Cas. He told you a lot of lies." He held his hands out, trying to be as nonthreatening as he could be.
"A hundred gold pieces." He drummed his fingers on the arm of his chair as he waited for the rebel to die.
Dean snatched the crown off of Cas's head and watched the ink drain out of his veins. "Don't wear this okay?" He sat the crown down again. "What are you going to do when we return to Eastden?"
Dean pushed past his brother and headed inside Jess's tent to fetch Henry and a cradleboard from Jess. She handed the wriggling infant to Dean, smiling as he pulled the cradleboard from under the bed. "Where are you going with Henry?"
Cain smiled with a nod, "Yes, yes. That's what you said. I've bought your freedom, Dean. We will be heading to Eastden soon. I need a new head guard, and you seem like the best choice, Dean."
Cain pursed his lips and twisted the wedding band on his finger. "I fear he'll perish soon if he continues his fast. Tea has been the only thing he has consumed. Maybe you should take him to the shore. A change of scenery may help lighten his mood."
Cas relaxed against Dean's chest and whined pitifully. "He rolled over last night. I couldn't sleep at all." He turned to Dean's face. "I have something to ask of you. When he's born, I want you to take our son back to your family in Havenshire and stay there with him."
Dean snatched his wrist away, his expression souring. "He thinks Henry is dead. I thought Henry was dead, so I know he must think so too." He put his hands on his hips as he paced in front of his younger brother. "He has a right to know about his son."
Cas pulled his legs up to his chest when the covers were yanked away. He whined and sat up finally, stretching his arms out. "I suppose I'll eat while you fetch water for a bath." He walked over the small table where Hannah had placed his food. As Hannah left to get water, Dean took his post outside, a smirk on his face. Cas took notice of the smirk, finishing his breakfast quickly. He walked over to Dean, rubbing his chest. "Good morning, Dean."
Sam looked over his brother, confusion still spreading across his face. "What are you doing here? We thought you'd never be able to come home." Sam took the horse off the path, leading Dean through the trees to their hidden camp. He handed the horse's reigns to a young man as they entered the camp. He brought his brother to the center of their camp, giving him soup and ale. "What happened?"
Cas dropped his knife from his sleeve and sauntered over to Cain. "I was never yours, Cain. Dean always had my heart, my love. Amara said we were bound together, and you could never keep us apart. Only now are we separated." He traced the cold metal blade along Cain's jaw. "Noctis tells me to take revenge, a slow painful revenge, but I want your crown, and I want it now."
"Of course. He was reborn through Lady Amara's grace." She inhaled deeply, holding the blade with both hands now. She raised the knife above her head, "I offer this man's blood to Amara in her mission to stay youthful and pow - " She stopped and looked at Dean with confusion. They both glanced to the small dagger embedded in Abaddon's stomach. Dean ground the knife deeper into the woman as his rage boiled, the mark glowing an angry scarlet. He shoved her off of him and grabbed her knife from her. He stabbed her dying body over and over, that rage turning into blood-lust. All of the fury with Cain's lack of action to get Cas back and all the guilt and shame from hurting Cas swelled inside his mind, and he expelled every single piece of emotion onto Abaddon's body.
“What do you think I’ve been doing, Rowena? Every morning and every night I pray to her, I pray that she give me the strength to find a way to save Castiel. She has yet to answer.” Dean put his head in his hands.
Cas took the tea with a soft smile. “Thank you, Hannah.” He sipped at the soothing brew. He relaxed as the tea warmed his body, looking up to Hannah. “Have you heard about the rebel leader? He was caught today in bed with a ‘working woman’.”
Dean looked around the large room, laughing in disbelief. "This is just your room? You don't share it with anyone?"
Cas blushed a soft punk as he did what he was told. He stood away with his chest bare, his pale skin hiding paler scars from the years of his brothers' anger. "Now you."
Cas cracked his neck as he walked brazingly through the streets. He kicked the castle door opened, laughing all the way. As a few guards came over to him, he waved his hand to pin them against the wall. He watched them for a moment and left them on the ground as he walked through the halls. The throne room's door burst open in a strong gust wind. Cain looked up in surprise, trying to find the person to scold for the abrupt interruption. Cas smiled and bounced on his feet as he came in the room. He met Cain's startled eyes. "Well, well, well Cain. You just can't seem to get rid of me."
Lucifer chuckled and shoved the maid away. He pulled the strings of the undershirt tighter than Castiel wanted them to be. “Almost. Michael is trying to sell more of your aspects to King Cain while he waits. I told him to leave the king alone, so he doesn’t change his mind about the peace treaty.”
"It's too late now. The Castiel you love is gone. No one protected him from the biggest threat he would ever face: you." She glanced to his knife hanging loosely at his side. "Until now that is."
Cas hesitantly nodded and started picking at the blankets again. "One of the guards tried," he choked on his words and trembled under the blankets violently. He took another deep breath. "He tried to have his way with me, but Dean stopped him."
Cas's skin was on fire underneath Dean's fingertips. He steadied his breathing and met Dean's intense stare. "But as soon as I'm taken to the bridal chamber, they'll see why my hips have deceived them." He smirked in an attempt to show confidence.
Dean pursed his lips, "Alright Cas. I'll teach you. Anything to make you feel safe." He stood too, heading to the door. "It's getting late, and I'm sure I'll have to deal with him again tonight." He looked back to Cas. "Cain was working on his will, but you should try to sleep. We've got work to do." Dean left the room, patrolling the hall and empty rooms for Cole to make sure he had actually left. With a heavy sigh, Dean started down the barracks to get some sleep himself. He had no idea what Alistair was going to want him to do, and he didn't want to disappoint Cain's expectations of him.
Cas crossed the distance between them and traced the long scar down Dean's spine as if he'd done it before. "Maybe he didn't stop in the capital. Elladonton is quite the large kingdom."
Meg smirked and rubbed his chest. "I would love to visit Havenshire on that gold. Elladonton, the Northern Isles, everywhere as long as I'm with you, Clarence." She smiled and touched his stomach again. "Are you ever going to tell me the story of this?"
Cain cried out as his wrist snapped, making a growling laugh. "He's gone! Can't you get that through your thick skull? I told you, he died on the floor of our room. Check for yourself, you ingrate." He sat on the floor, still laughing madly. "He's gone, and you're to blame! Your child killed him!"
Dean went to his bag and pulled a clean shirt from it. "Well when I get some privacy, I'd like to bathe." He smirked.
Hi! I am so sorry this was posted later than I said. Life got in the way today, and I didn't get to work on it until 8:30 pm. I'll do something special this week to make it up to you guys! I'm writing this for you all! I love you guys so much for sticking with this story!
Dean smirked at the light touch. Perhaps he could use Cas's attraction to his advantage. "How will I get your answer, Prince Castiel?" He stood then bowed to the ground.
Cas was in his studio painting a black and white forest scene when his door opened up. He turned with a small smile, expecting Dean to come and cradle him in his arms, but Dean staggered to the bed. His shirt was soaked through with blood and sweat; Cas rushed to his side, holding Dean’s head in his lap. “What’s wrong? What’s happened?” He pulled Dean’s shirt away, gasping at the jagged scars along his chest. “You didn’t have these before. I know it.”
Dean stretched once before he opened his eyes, closing them almost immediately with a grin. "Good morning, Cas." He mumbled, rubbing the sleep from his face.
"Really? And just who is the new king?" Dean laughed softly, catching the purse in one hand. He looked back at the mark on his forearm. He should be the new king if Cain died. He'd turn the kingdom around after what he had done to Cas.
"Am I taking you away from someone you love?" Cain asked as they walked to the public square. "People don't cry as much as you look like you have unless they've experienced recent heartbreak."
Cole's color drained from his face as the walls moved on their own. He scratched at the stone for a moment before he turned to face Castiel. "Where have you been, Cas? I thought we'd never get to talk again. Dean threatened me for weeks after you disappeared. But I never wanted to hurt you." He pressed against the wall behind him.
Cas shrugged and crossed his arms over his chest. "My answer is yes. I want to join your rebellion as long as I can. I feel as though Michael is arranging a marriage for me though."
Cain furrowed his brow as Cas told him, "Why didn't Dean tell me? The man must be punished as the filth he is." He turned to leave, but Cas grabbed his hand urgently.
Dean shook his head in denial. He watched Cain cut through his shirt. "I really hope you're lying. Because if Cas is dead because of your inaction, I'll personally put your head on pike."
Dean peered into Cas’s deep blue eyes, searching for any hint of deception behind his words. When he couldn’t find any, he made a pained sigh as he looked away from those big innocent eyes. “But you’re the prince. You’re supposed to be just like the others.” He cupped Cas’s face, searching again for deceit. “You made this black-and-white world gray, Cas.” He pulled Cas into a soft, needy, urgent kiss, trying to fight the single tear that rolled down his cheek. He pinned Cas against the wall as they continued to kiss; Cas let him pin his hands above his head, too lost in Dean to care until the loud clank of the shackles interrupted them. Cas looked up at the bonds, then back to Dean, fear and confusion spreading across his face. “I’m sorry, Cas. I can’t wait for you to think of something that won’t work. I have to take my chance now.” Dean stole one final kiss, pressing his forehead to Cas’s, then started towards the door.
Cole was waiting for Dean when he came into the barracks, arms crossed with a grin on his face. "More prince duty? Cain sure does trust you not to hurt Castiel. Weren't you rebelling against his family in Havenshire?"
Over the next few weeks, Dean spent every waking hour with Castiel, laughing, chatting, flirting with him. Dean knew this time, he had a real connection to Cas. He'd listen to Cas retell stories of his childhood with Amara for as long as he would speak. Dean didn't care if those stories were just memories Amara had given him, he loved just being with Cas in the moment. He etched every smile line on Cas's face, every quiet laugh, every snort of utter joy into his memory. He wouldn't lose Cas again, even if he had to stay in this kingdom for as long as he lived.
The city guards drew their swords. "By order of the royal crown, Dean Winchester, you're under arrest." Cas covered his face, trying to hide from the guards. Dean looked down at Cas, groaning. "You betrayed me?"
Cas bit his lip, expecting the mark to hurt like Dean’s had. He touched the mark after it stopped glowing. “Why is it different from Dean’s?”
Emma studied his hand for a moment before taking it, glancing back to the woman with a smile. "Maybe. Is it true you're a prince, Cas?" She turned her attention up to Cas now.
Dean gulped quietly and took his seat across from Cain. The past week had pained him greatly. In the early mornings, he had Alastair carve his body to pieces, and in the afternoons, he watched Cas wither away because of what he said. He shook his head silently. "No, he hasn't mentioned or said anything to me. He just sits outside on the balcony."
Jess's smile turned to a smirk as she handed the baby to him and fixed her shirt. "Hannah said his name was Henry."
Cas nodded as he pulled off his circlet. He sat the two crowns next to each other. "How do I move you, Noctis?" He watched the smoke swirl around the two crowns, his eyes glowing brighter.
Sam smirked to his wife, "Yeah, I brought something very valuable to the camp." He stepped aside to reveal Dean.
Cain brushed through his hair as Cas laid back with a full belly. "Much better, flower." He chuckled and settled into bed himself. "Feel as though we may sleep peacefully?"
"Yes, he saved me from being trampled in Wingsworth the day before his capture." Cas gripped Cain's thigh as the carriage slowed in front of the castle.
"And what? You can fight your way through the first few dozen guards, but then you have each royal's guard not to mention Anna and Lilith's entourages. You'd need the full city's support, and with as many nobles that have property here, that's going to be a challenge. You'd have to get the nobles on your side."
Cas watched Dean dressed, an easy smile on his face. "I'll have to thank them, then. There's one studio in the noble's district occupied; she shouldn't bother your people." He stretched his arms and yawned, getting out of bed himself. He pulled on a robe and headed down the hall to the nursery after Dean had left. One of the servants was leading Emma around the castle as Cas rounded the corner of the hall. He smiled at the small girl, squatting down to her eye level. "Good morning, Emma. Your father has some business to take care of, so I hope you don't mind spending the morning with me."
Cas chuckled and rested against him. Despite Cain's age, the old king had been able to satisfy him. He wasn't as energizing as Dean was, but Cas was still happy with his time with Cain. He rolled away from his husband.
Cole laughed softly, brushing his fingers through Cas's hair. "They'll just get in the way of the fun, though."
Dean brushed his hair back and kissed the top of his head. "What about Cain? I look nothing like him, so he'd know of your infidelity." He rubbed his back comfortingly.
"I think I'll stay until I have to go. Wouldn't want Hannah to find us together." He smiled. Cas nodded and settled into bed, happy that Dean would stay if only for a little while longer. Dean stayed in bed until Cas had fallen into a deep sleep. When he was sure Cas wouldn't wake, Dean eased out of bed and went down to the barracks. He had made acquaintances with several men, but only one had taken a real liking to Dean.
Cas's smirk turned into a soft smile. Cain did seem to have no ulterior motives. Why else would he choose to marry Cas? He couldn't bare children, and Michael's treaty could have easily been bought. Cas made his mind up to not resist Cain's charm. Besides, having a handsome gentleman care for him wasn't too awful.
Cas looked back at the circlet on the nightstand. He smirked and put it on, "I have some business to attend to, Cain. I'll come find you when I'm done."
Dean laughed softly and shrugged. "When I'm king." He teased and kissed his forehead. "I have to go now. Take care of yourself, please?"
"I can plant a memory of consummating our marriage with him." Cas looked over his shoulder to Dean. "Amara taught me so many things while I was away." He smirked.
As the courier trotted towards Wingsworth, Dean turned back to the woods. "Sam, we have to go to Eastden. I have to see Cas again." He started for the cover of the trees, thoughts racing in his mind about going back to Cas.
Cas's eyes flickered red, summoning another dagger. "You promised me you would protect Henry! You lied, Dean. I don't allow liars in my kingdom." He grinned, twirling the dagger in his fingers. "Cain learned that lesson too late. Leave and I'll spare your daughter the misfortune of seeing your death."
Cas grinned to himself, pulling on Dean's hair. "Yes, please. Dean. Please, finish... I want you.." He whispered, pulling Dean into a kiss. As the two explored each other's mouth, Dean groaned loudly, burying his cock fully in Cas as he came hot inside of his partner. Cas gasped then inhaled sharply, looking into Dean's fucked out green eyes. His eyes stung as he fought tears, cupping Dean's face. "Dean..?" He asked in a surprised whisper.
Cas pulled Dean's face up so he could look into those beautiful green eyes. "You have everything figured out, love." He chuckled. Cas climbed on top of Dean when he laid on his back. "I have no oils here."
The camp took the rest of the afternoon to pack their belongings and tents in the few wagons the rebellion had managed to steal or trade for. Just as the sun started to set in the west, Dean saddled his horse at the lead, Henry strapped firmly to his back, Emma sitting in front of him. He looked to his brother at his right, then to his lieutenant, Gabe, at his left. He nodded with a firm smile, starting out to Eastden.
Dean pulled Cole off of Cas, punching him square in the jaw. When Cole swung at him in retaliation, Dean pinned him against the wall with his right forearm, the mark glowing faintly. He bared his teeth, "What the fuck are you doing?" He growled, pressing his arm harder against Cole's throat.
"He didn't die!" He snapped, standing up from the table in a flash. His sadness turned into a rage, "Cain killed him! He thinks he got away with murdering a helpless newborn. He thinks I perished as I bled out on his floor!" His eyes glowed angrier, ink crawling through his veins to his eyes. "I should've stormed his castle the moment I woke up." He grinned, looking back to the letter. "But here! Here he invites me back home without hesitation to remember me! HA!" He laughed, grabbing the paper.
Cas held his legs apart and watched Dean curiously. He jolted when Dean pressed a cold, slick finger against his hole; he felt himself clench. Dean chuckled and kissed his neck, "You need to relax, baby. It's going to be uncomfortable if you fight it."
Dean dodged the small knife, swinging the cradleboard around to his front. He quickly unstrapped Henry from it, and presented the infant to Cas. "Cain lied to you, Cas. Henry's been in Havenshire since his birth. Hannah, your handmaid, she brought him from here after your dance with death and my capture. Please."
Dean bit his lip, watching the innocent blue eyes for a moment. "You really haven't done anything like this, have you?" Cas shook his head quickly in response. "Well I'll check one thing off my to-do list then." He chuckled and pulled Cas's pants down slowly. He smirked as a new wave of red rushed over Cas's skin as he stood nude. "Relax Cas, it's only me."
Cole scratched at Dean's arm, stuttering out, "just having some fun." He laughed, coughing as Dean tried crushing his throat.
"You must understand, Castiel. I don't only want an heir from you. I want you to be happy. Here with me."
“I don’t want to be a lazy king, Cas. I want to show I am still the man I was before our marriage.” He put the blade down on top of his clothes, tying the bag closed. “You can handle the kingdom while I am gone. You’re so very capable.” He forced a smile as he turned back to Cas. He watched the mirror longingly, knowing Cas, the real Cas, was buried somewhere deep inside of the man sitting down.
“How will you put her back?” Dean dropped his bag next to his feet. “We can’t leave her out in our world.”
"You said your brother would take care of her; is her mother no longer with her?" Cain held Cas' hand as they spoke.
Cain stood from the throne, looking at him mouth agape. "No, you died! The doctor said you lost too much blood!"
Dean shrugged. "Yeah, I was, but Cain saved my life, and Castiel doesn't seem like the rest of the Novak clan."
"You can move them into the nobleman district, I've cleared it out aside from Meg's studio. I suppose that's why the civilians fear me." He squeezed his hand, sitting next to Dean on a bench. "I only invited Michael and Lucifer so I could demonstrate my power." he nuzzled against Dean's neck, sighing softly. "If I'm honest, I'm scared of what I'm capable of Dean."
"Put it in writing with your seal, and you've got a deal. I want Lilith to go back to Havenshire with you though. She shouldn't be punished along with me." He extended his hand, Michael shook it and grabbed a sheet of paper from the table. He wrote the agreement quickly and sealed it with his ring.
Hannah withdrew her hands from Castiel, “Sir, I strongly advise against that. You could ask for forgiveness now, but if you help the traitor, you’ll surely be sentenced as he!”
Dean sat Cas up, crawled behind him, and rested his hands on either side of Cas's stomach. "I just want you and the baby to be healthy through delivery. You can name our daughter." He smiled and kissed the top of his head. "She's restless today."
"Cruelty, revenge, loss, pain, courage to fight against injustice." He kicked himself as Cain eyed him suspiciously. "At least that's what I think of."
Dean grinned and playfully pinched Cas's hip. "I'm not an old man." He ran his fingers through Cas's hair as the two locked lips. "I'm only thirty, and you've yet to complain." He held Cas on his chest, tracing patterns on Cas's back. "You still haven't been with your husband, and it's been nearly a week since you've returned."
Cain laughed softly and turned to the smaller frame behind him. "Funny, too. I think I got the better deal, sweet Cas."
“Why did you curse Adam? Cain thinks the mark is a blessing for an easy rule.”  Cas put his utensils down, twisting his ring nervously.
For a month, Cas stuck to his new ritual religiously. He started the morning with breakfast with Cain, spend time with Dean as he painted, then he went to Alastair and continued to carve and cut, slice and rip, Cole's body apart as long as the enchanted knife continued to repair him in the night. He returned to Cain's bed after mutilating Cole's body. He never begged for release, so Cas continued to torture him. After a month and a half since Cas had returned from Elladonton, he woke one morning, nauseous. Cain squeezed him in an embrace as the two laid in bed; Cas covered his mouth, running over to an empty chamber pot. He vomited into the pot, groaning as more came up.
"So you think I'm beautiful?" Dean smiled and sat next to Cas. "The first time is always overwhelming. You're giving someone else control of yourself. Even now, I feel anxious about this. It's not every day I have the chance to be intimate with a prince."
"I've been thinking since I've found that circlet, Clary. You've been in Omundington for four months now. You arrived right after Prince Castiel's death, you have circlet that only comes from status." She went to get the bag stashed under the floorboards under their bed. She threw the circlet on the table as Cas wrote. "Are you Castiel? Are you the prince this kingdom has mourned for four months? Even the king?"
Months passed, and Castiel had made a decent living as a painter in the nobleman district of Omundington. He took the name of Clarence, took a woman for a partner and muse, and grew out his beard to conceal his identity as much as he could. His talent became well known, and he had developed a clientele. Castiel came into his studio, bag of groceries and paint in hand. He smiled at Meg as she laid across their bed. He tossed an apple to her, sitting the bags aside. "Tell me beautiful rose, how is the life of being a muse for Eastden's greatest artist?"
After nine months of planning, preparing, and adjusting to pregnant life, Castiel found himself in his studio more often then anywhere else. After he started showing, he preferred to be alone with his art. He always found peace when he painted, and as of late, Cas needed that more than anything. A gnawing thought ate away at him: what if the baby wasn’t Cain’s? His infidelity had never bothered him before, but with his child at stake, the threat of losing everything hung over Cas. He glanced to his easel and the unfinished painting on it before he decided to lay down. He held a hand on his swollen stomach.
"Because your brothers seem like the type to pass you off as a woman." Dean noticed Cas's blush and decided to push his luck. He took Cas's wrist and held it out. "See how thin your arm is compared to mine? You're so," he pinned Cas's hands above his head as he pressed him back to the wall, "dainty." He whispered the word.
Dean nodded in silence as he listened, rubbing Cas's back to comfort him. "And what has that got to do with you, Cas? He should still be in her crown, right?"
Cas touched his neck. “You only give that brand to betrayed women who pledged their lives to you. Or so I’ve heard.”
Dean's entire body filled with a consuming, overwhelming rage. His vision blurred with an unquenched bloodlust as he slammed Amara into the stone floor. His pupils widened until a blackness overtook his crystal green irises, and he grabbed his knife Abaddon had knocked away from him. He pressed the tip of the blade to Amara's exposed sternum. She only laughed more, "You never cease to surprise me, Dean. You're the only bearer to unlock this... power of the mark."
Cas shoved Michael's arm off his shoulder. "I AM twenty, Michael." He glanced to the door as the physician left. "Can I go now? You know I'll just be in the way of your planning."
Cas brushed his cheek, smiling up at Dean. "I killed him. Right behind my throne. After everything that's happened, I wasn't going to let him get away with it." He rocked Henry gently, "i'm free to be with anyone, Dean." He smiled wider, "I have a coronation celebration tomorrow, what better way to announce an engagement?" He started out of the throne room, heading up to the abandoned nursery. Dean followed Castiel, frowning at everything Cas had told him. He knew Castiel was at risk of following in Amara's footsteps, but he wouldn't let Cas do that as long as he was alive.
“No, no... That’s why you’re here now, my darling.” She laid in bed with Cas resting against her. “So I can protect you until you can protect yourself.” Cas nodded with her. His mind was too clouded to think. As Amara held him, he slipped into the first night of peaceful rest in a long time.
Dean held Henry to his chest as he laid the cradleboard on the bed. He swaddled the pouting baby, strapped him in, and then slung him on his back. "Cas is alive. I've got to go back to Eastden with Henry and Emma."
"The one you've used on Dean?" Cas grinned back. He knew that knife would never kill Cole. He could keep Cole secluded for as long as he wanted and punish him as Cas saw fit. He nodded and followed Alastair to his hidden torture chamber. Alastair put Cole on his table, held out the blade for Cas, then left the prince alone. Cas walked around the table. "Have you been here before? On his carving table? Awaiting a fate worse than death?" Cole mumbled a no, shaking his head. Cas cut his pants away and left the guard exposed. He dragged the jagged knife up Cole's thigh, mere inches from his cock. "I'm going to make sure you never hurt another man or woman again." He pressed the serrated side of the knife to the base of Cole's penis.
Dean couldn't hide the fits of laughter now, grinning ear to ear before he kissed Cas's forehead. "Well for starters, neither one of us have an erection, though I do have to admit your naivety is a turn-on for me."
After Cas had settled Henry into his nursery, and his calm demeanor returned to him, the castle had started to rebuild itself. The stones filled out again, the vines withered and crumbled to dust. Dean put Emma to bed in one of the spare rooms, smiling at Cas when they met up again. "My following came with me, Cas. We needed to leave Havenshire." He held Cas's hand as they walked down to the garden.
Hannah's face saddened. "I suppose so. I figured he'd want me to get Henry to safety before helping him. He wanted that more than anything. I'm glad you're here for them. Sam's a good leader, but there's something missing here. I believe you're that something."
"Amara, I know everything. I know you filled my head with lies and false memories. You've kept me here for four months!"
"Don't worry, Cas. I promised I'd keep you two safe." He whispered, brushing his sweat drenched hair back.
The guards stopped him in front of the swaying noose. They had tied his hands together, but Dean was experienced in bondage. All he had to do was wait for his moment. When Uriel turned away away from him, he seized his opportunity. He pulled the small dagger from its sheath and cut the ropes around his wrists. Uriel drew his sword when he realized what was happening. He grinned at the relatively tiny blade. "You're going to need more than a pinprick to get away."
Cain heard the crash of the vial, and he stirred awake in time to see the smoke fade around Cas and Abaddon. He grabbed for his blade but frowned when he saw it in Cas's hands. He tried to get up to get Cas, but he was gone with the smoke. He snatched the parchment from Cas's pillow, tears falling on the page smudging the symbols on it. "not again..." He whispered, covering his face as he cried softly.
"He's still in pain, but he's awake now. He just needs rest, I suppose. It was very powerful magic after all." Cain walked down the hall to his study. He motioned Dean inside when the guard stopped outside. He took a seat at his desk, pointing to the chair in front of him. "Sit, please." Dean sat, twiddling his thumbs as he waited. "How much do you know about Eastden's history?"
Dean grinned at Cas's touch. "Fair point..." He breathed closing his eyes. Cas slowly ran his hand down Dean's length, turning around to face away from Dean. Dean gripped his thighs and ran his hands to Cas's ass.
When Cas arrived back, Michael met him in the rose garden. He smiled as he smelled a rose, looking to Cas as he came into the garden. He grinned, "We have the rebel leader. The guards caught him buried in some two bit whore. How about that?"
The doctor walked over to Cas, looking over him. Hannah brought in a tub of hot water, pressing a wet cloth to Cas's forehead. Cas settled into bed. "He was on his nightly patrol Alastair assigned him, and he heard me alone, screaming in pain." Cas glared at Cain for a moment, then held his stomach as yet another contraction started. Dean nodded, moving to the door to give Cain his rightful place at Cas's side. The doctor shook his head, "Neither one of you need to be in here. I'm sure Prince Castiel would want some privacy during this operation." Hannah smirked and shooed the two men outside of the room. Cas sighed in relief when they left. He wanted both of them with him, but they were only annoying him by questioning each other. The doctor cleaned his hands and his tools.
it's ya girl, ah, magnumcolt. Back at it again with them [super super super] late updates. i transitioned from a part time (12 hrs/wk) to full time (40 hrs/wk) position and just have not had time to work on this or any writing projects. But I am back for now! I don't want to say this is back to weekly updates because I don't want to lie to you guys because y'all have been so awesome throughout this experience of writing a fan fiction after years of not writing them. You've helped me rejuvenate my love of writing fan fic and my love of Supernatural as a whole. For that I'm ever grateful for you wonderful amazing people. You really do not know the impact of having people say they enjoy my writing and storytelling especially since writing fiction is my ultimate lifetime goal. I'm forever in debt to you guys, so please know you have left such a big imprint on me and my confidence as a writer. Love you guys! Thanks!! ~TMC67
Cas tensed at her words, pulling away from the woman. "Noctis hasn't spoke to me in months. I don't even care anymore. Cain has taken everything from me, and he thinks I'm dead. It's my one chance to be free, free from the rules of royal etiquette, free from hiding and prying eyes." He sighed softly and walked to the door. "If you mention my life, I will come back here seeking your head." Cas opened the door quietly and vanished in a cloud of smoke. He passed through walls and rooms, finding his way into Cain's vault. He grabbed a few bags of gold and vanished again, this time leaving the castle walls for good.
"It's Amara's true mark. She gave it to me when I arrived here." Cas kissed Dean's hand. "That's why I can use her magic."
As Dean packed his clothes and his blade, the bedroom door slammed shut. ‘Castiel’ walked over to him and wrapped his cold arms around Dean’s waist. “It looks like you’re packing for a trip,” He smiled, kissing Dean’s neck.
Cain looked up from the papers on his desk as Dean opened the door. He searched the guard's face for Cas's fate; Sadness covered Dean's face, he didn't want let Cain know Cas was right behind him. He wanted to take Cas home, to Emma, to Sam. But he knew Cain would only come for Cas. Cain took Dean's silence as bad news and poured himself a full glass of brandy. "I'll put together a memorial service for him."
Cas frowned when Dean moved away and put a hand on his shoulder. “Dean, I know you. You would never hurt me.”
"Oh, you mean Castiel?" She pouted slightly, "The pretty ones always prefer the company of men." Her playful grin grew slier, "Castiel isn't here anymore. Didn't put up much a fight either. I made it quick." She laughed mockingly as Dean pursed his lips sourly. "It almost seemed like he'd been broken before."
Rowena simply nodded and put a hand on his shoulder. “I’ll try everything I know how to do to make this work for you. That’s all I can promise for now.”
"All the more reason to stay. Anything to make him upset." Cas yearned for more, anything Dean would offer him, he would gladly take. His body ached for Dean's touch.
"So what if he dies. He's stolen something from me I can never get back from him." Cas struggled against Alastair's hold. "Get off of me!"
Jess brushed through Madison's hair then looked up to Henry giggling on Dean's back. "He's going to need food if you go."
Abaddon circled Cas, "Yet he tossed you aside like you were yesterday's slop for the filthy pigs. How would you know he's stayed faithful to you? He's quite the beautiful man." She smirked, planting seeds of doubt. "Cain only wants you because you're young, fresh, fertile. He didn't want to doom a woman to the life of a widow though." She placed her hands on Cas's shoulders. "Lady Amara only wishes to help you, Cas."
Cas shook his head once, "No, my legs are still aching. The spell was very painful. I'd like to just be alone for a while. Please?"
Cas winced as he took a few steps towards the water pump. "Noctis said no one but Amara knew his name anymore."
After hours of standing in silence, the door creaked open behind Dean. He turned and felt his mouth hang open as he saw Cas dressed in a magnificent blue robe. Cas chuckled softly, walking towards Dean. "Thank you. For standing up to Michael. I heard a small portion of your conversation." He patted Dean's hand. "Well, I don't want to be late for my own wedding. Let's head to the cathedral."
"Flattery will get you nowhere with me, boy." She whispered, pressing her lips against Dean's. She pulled away from him slowly. "I see why Cas loved so... deeply, Dean. If he only knew the depths of your flaws." She laughed playfully as she took her seat in her throne.
Amara smiled, "No, you rule in Eastden and grew fat and old together with Cas and your children. You could even bring your daughter, Emma to live as a princess."
"Well, I don't need an audience, Cas." He reached out and stroked Cas's cheek. "You're the only one I need to see right now."
"Emma, Henry is your baby brother. His mama wanted him to be safe, just like Miss Hannah said. Cas won't be coming here for a long, long time, so I'm going to need your help teaching him the ropes." Dean pulled his daughter into his lap and placed Henry in her arms. "I'm sorry I had to go away for so long." He whispered.
"Don't tease, baby. That pretty little mouth shouldn't lie." Dean propped himself up on his elbows, a grin spreading across his face. "Do what you want. I'm open to anything."
Sam nodded and climbed down, a grin playing on his face. "I managed before, so don't fret about the camp. They're hardy people, they'll be able to set up. Good luck with Cas."
Cas shook his head, kissing Dean with a burning urgency. “Just do it. I’m a trooper.” He whispered. He buried his face in Dean’s shoulder to hide the grimace he made when Dean pushed inside him, biting his shoulder to quiet himself. Dean knew why Cas bit him, but he didn’t realize how much he liked the sensation. He gripped Cas’s hip, pressing Cas back into the bed. Dean pressed his head into the groove of Cas’s neck and shoulder, thrusting his hips forward into Cas. Cas groaned happily, a smile coming over his face. “Yes, Dean!” He moaned, arching into Dean’s chest. He gripped Dean’s thick shoulders as Dean moved in and out of him, slowly becoming a tangled mess of moans and whimpers. Dean looked up from his shoulder, staring into the wide pools of blue underneath him. He pushed their lips together between a moan, slowing his movements to a stop. He just wanted to be in this moment with Cas. “Please come back with me,” he whispered.
Dean didn't speak. Michael was trying to anger Dean, and he wouldn't let Michael take him away from Cas. "I owe Cain my life, so I do what he expects of me. Cas won't see harm as long as I'm here to protect him."
Abaddon reached into her pocket and pulled a small vial filled with black smoke out. "All she wants is for you to come talk with her. " She shook the vial, "Shall we go then? It's rude to keep a lady waiting."
Cain studied Cas's listless stare into the corner of the room. Worry knitted his eyebrows together. He had to get Cas out of the castle for fresh air. "Would you like to go for a walk with me, love? We could go down to the beach."
Cas adjusted the crown after Dean pulled away. Black ink crept through his veins on his face. "Not yet." He laughed darkly, holding Dean's face. "When I have Eastden's throne, I'll march on Havenshire."
Cas cozied up to Cain's side as they entered the square. He glanced to the gallows, putting a hand to his throat. Cain chuckled as he noticed Cas's movement. "What drives a man to betray his king, I wonder."
Cas shook his head, holding back tears suddenly. "I was.. I was so angry at Cain, I was so tired of feeling weak. I went into the vault and transferred Noctis to my circlet. He encourages me to take revenge on those who have wronged me." He curled into Dean's chest, hiding his face away from him. "That's why Cole went missing for a month after I came back, that's why Cain is dead. What if he thinks you've wronged me in some way? When he takes over me, I don't listen to reason. I can't think straight Dean. I can't hurt you."
Cain raised an eyebrow as he watched the young prince. "Well of course it does, but you shouldn't push yourself, love. Maybe after you've eaten?" Cain held his cheek. "I want you to be healthy right now. We can worry about consummating after that."
Cas pulled his face away from Cain's touch and pulled the blanket over himself more. "You told me you weren't using me, Cain. You said you wanted to make me happy, but you only married me, so you could have an heir to your throne!" His chest grew tight as it swelled with a storm of emotions. He kept a poker face as he spoke though. He refused to show anymore weakness in front of Cain.
She smirked more, "Of course, Dean. Why wouldn't you be able to do as you please?" She laughed loudly, the sound echoing through the empty room as she vanished.
Dean smiled and hugged his brother tightly before he started into the city with Emma following not too far behind. The peasants met Dean with worried looks, fear in their eyes as the man walked towards the castle. Dean found it odd as he marched on, picking Emma up to carry as they approached the castle. He stopped dead in his tracks as he came to the castle gates. Dark thorny vines covered the walls of the castle, the stones themselves had started to crumble. He knew he hadn't been gone long enough for the castle to be in shambles. He tightened his hold on Emma and walked inside. No guards met him as he came inside, no servants scurried through the halls. He walked towards the throne room, opening the door quietly. He sat Emma down and took her hand as they came inside the room.
Dean shrugged and glanced back to the witch for a moment. “Is there something that can take over a body?”
Cas hesitated for a moment. Cain and Dean hadn't betrayed him, had they? Everything seemed muddied and confused now. He nodded slowly, "Fine, let's go." Abaddon smirked and walked back into the bedroom. She placed a small piece of parchment on Cas's pillow next to Cain, then threw the vial onto the wall. The smoke covered the wall, and Abaddon pulled Cas into it.
Cas looked at Dean; wave after wave of heartbreak, anger, and happiness crashed against him. He took a deep breath to compose himself. He clung to Cain's side anxiously.
Rowena stopped her horse next to Dean’s, “Amara’s powers kept the city alive, but you took that away when you killed her.”
Cole held his breath as the icy blade grazed his skin. "I- I don't know why I did what I did. I really don't want to hurt you. I realize how bad my actions were."
Dean felt a chill run down his spine, and he held back a shiver. “I am, love. There’s been rumors of trouble back in Elladonton. I want to settle the worry and strife before it erupts into war.”
The guards glanced to one another for a moment until Uriel pulled the keys from his belt. He opened the cell for the prince, handing him the keys. “Leave us. Michael doesn’t need your reports when he has mine.” The two guards shrugged and walked down to a mess hall where other guards were starting to gather.
Late the next morning, Cas woke in an empty bed. His memory of the days prior was fuzzy; as he sat up he stared at his hands, eyebrows knitted together. He was married to... Cain. That seemed right. He rubbed his face and stood from the bed. He had to leave this place. He walked towards the door, but Amara met him with a tray piled high with food. “Amara, I was just coming to find you.”
Cain grabbed at Cas's hand, kicking his feet. "C-Cas.. I'm sorry.. I know it was a rushed.. d-decision." He coughed and gasped for air.
Cain nodded with a glance back to Dean. "Until my head guard retires, I want you to be his protector while I'm gone on business. You've just proven you can handle his particular 'charm'." He brushed Cas's hair gently. "You need rest, darling. We have a full day of planning tomorrow." Cain led Cas to the western tower, the one that overlooked the sea. He held his hand as they climbed stairs. "I hope you don't mind Dean being your guard. I know you may not trust him, but I feel as though he won't harm you."
She grinned as Cas grew angrier and as he spoke. She pulled his wedding ring out of thin air. "I know I told him I'd let you go without protest, but I won't allow you to go back to a mundane life." She crushed the ring in her hand effortlessly. "You're my son. You belong here where you're safe."
"No, I just don't care for Michael or Lucifer. They would have taken the bounty off your head if you'd just let me be trampled."
Noctis laughed, throwing his head back. His whole body shook as he stumbled backward in laughter. He gripped both knees as he doubled over. “You insignificant maggot.” He stole the knife from Lucifer, plunging the blade into his side. When he drew it out, the knife was coated in thick, black ink. The wound closed quickly. “You never stood a chance.” He shoved the dagger into Lucifer’s stomach.
“Oh I wouldn’t worry about that part, Dean. I can put her back.” She grinned and pulled a bowl from one of her bags. “Just sit there and look pretty, darling. I have everything I need.” She sat candles around the circle. As she lit them, she dumped her component bags into the bowl. “Now, I just need a bit of blood to bind her here.” She brought out a small ritual knife and sliced her hand open, then started her incantation, “Audi me spiritum. Veni ad me, parere imperio meo! Dulcis domine O! Surge et sile”
Cain rushed into the bedroom with the doctor, frowning when he saw Dean in their room. "What are you doing?"
Dean held him as Cas slept, whispering, "of course, cas. I promise. I'll always protect you and Henry..." He kissed his head again. "Always."
"A woman's persuasion. A promise of something in return once I come back." She smirked, taking a seat across from Dean. "that's what Castiel would have wanted. After Cain let me go fetch a doctor, I caught up with Cole, offered something in return for Henry. Once I told the doctor, Castiel needed his attention, I paid for a seat on a coach back to Wingsworth and waited at Ellen's pub for your brother."
"I left because I wanted to, but it was foolish. If you hadn't tackled me out of the way, I would be dead. Two birds with one stone. Michael wouldn't have to marry me off, and you'd have one less royal to worry with."
Amara glanced at his reflection as she readied herself for the day. She smiled warmly despite his seething expression. "Good morning, Emmanuel. I didn't expect to see you this early after such a *physical* evening." She laughed to herself.
“You do realize how much history I have to sort through to find one person that might know how to find Lady Luxa? Not only that, but I have to find out what is truth and what is myth. You’d have better luck praying to her than I do at finding a soul willing to talk.”
Dean rubbed his temples, standing up. He glanced to the mirror, seeing the terrified reflection. He scrunched his eyebrows together and glanced to Cas's face. It was still cool, collected, and calm. "Yeah, I'm sure Henry needs me." He clutched the handle of his knife and headed out the room.
Lucifer, unamused with Cas's attempt of escape, crossed his arms as well. "You need to stay here until Michael says you can leave. You can't skate by on Father's mercy now."
Sam's confusion only deepened. "A woman from Eastden came a week ago with a newborn. Her name, Hannah I think. Jess has been caring for him along with our daughter." He smirked.
Cas looked up at her, frowning at her accusation. "I don't need you questioning me, Meg. I have nothing to tell you."
“He bares the active mark. I watch the misfortunes through it.” She smirked, “And once I saw how Dean betrayed you, where he pushed you, I knew you needed protection from the curse. I have a soft spot for children in need.”
Cas stayed in bed after the doctor left. He held a hand on his stomach, his heart racing at the thought of being with child. Dean entered the room well into the morning, smiling at Cas. "Cain said you were feeling ill, so I came to see you. Are you alright?"
Cas wakes up from the magic "coma" and he talks to Cain about feeling like an object again since Cain only married him to have an heir. Cain assures Cas that he didn't just marry Cas for an heir. He wanted to save Cas from Michael and Lucifer's abuse. Cas doesn't accept Cain's explanation and starts to sink into a depression. Cain leaves him to attend to business he has with Dean. During his conversation with Dean, he reveals that his family has passed down "the mark" from father to son for generations. Despite having a spell placed on Cas, Cain feels as though his child won't be old enough to take the responsibility the mark demands. He passes the mark to Dean, leaving him as the true heir to the throne upon Cain's death. As Dean gets the mark, Cole, the guard Dean doesn't particularly care for, makes his way to Cas and tries to have his way with Cas in his weakened state, but Dean comes in just before Cole can actually do anything. He comforts Cas after dealing with Cole and agrees to teach Cas how to wield a knife in their free time.
Amara glanced to Dean with a sly smile on her face. "Emmanuel darling, why don't you take these dirty dishes to the kitchen and help the maids?"
Cas shook his head, "You know that's not what I meant. I want you gone. Forever. Just like my little Henry." He plunged the knife into Cain's stomach, dragging it up into Cain's chest. "I'll see you in hell." He kicked the body over and glanced back to the guards entering the room. "My, my. It looks like I've found myself in the sticky situation." The guards circled him, and he let them think they would win until the first made a move towards him. Cas took out three guards before they had enough sense to surrender. He twirled Cain's crown around his wrist, a gleeful smile on his face. "Long live the new king."
Cas stands up. He unhooks the mic from his lapel and pulls the battery pack out of his pocket, laying the whole thing on the table.
“Yeah,” Dean says. He picks up the next card and tosses it aside after reading it. “Who would you be most embarrassed to introduce me to and why?”
“Look at me,” Dean says, pressing his forehead to Castiel’s. “Doesn’t work like that. It’s all the same. Then, now. You, me.”
Chuck takes to offering Castiel a commiserating glance every now and then. Camp Chitaqua doesn’t have the luxury of a place of worship, but the cabin that passes for the store room is quiet, cool and unobtrusive, so it doubles as an interfaith gathering area. Most people still seem to find comfort in the presence of an angel. Even if the angel in question is powerless and pain-addled.
Predictably Dean buried his face in Castiel’s chest, his shoulders shaking in silent laughter. “Cas, come on–”
So Dean’s mattress is memory foam, but Castiel has the bigger bed. And no roommates. It’s wonderful to wake up in the morning to an armful of grumpy Castiel, and Dean never thought he’d feel that way about someone he hadn’t had sex with yet.
Seeing Castiel walk up to the stage and receive his diploma is a thrill. Dean’s chest swells with pride, and a mix of emotions he couldn’t quite name yet– God, he’s sick with affection for the fool. Before Dean realizes it, he’s on his feet, whooping and clapping as Castiel’s name echoes across the stadium. Sam stands as well, so Dean felt a little better about the realization that slammed him seconds ago. Castiel glanced their way, stormy blue eyes brightening as they met Dean’s, his lips lifting in a gummy smile and...
“Sam, stop.” Dean orders. “You wanna help Bobby dig into the lore? Great. I don’t think coming up here to meddle with this case is a good idea.”
“That’s fine, Cas. Do what you gotta do.” It hurts to say it, but Dean isn’t gonna hold Castiel back. “You just gotta move–”
“Yeah, you’re not gonna be if you don’t stop moving.” Dean pushes him back gently. “I gotta clean this and dig out a bullet. Hopefully it’s not splintered.”
It makes Castiel smile anyway. Over the course of their conversations, Castiel has learned that this is Dean’s equivalent of a fervent declaration. It’s nice knowing that, and it makes warmth bloom in Castiel’s chest.
The pieces don't quite fall in place, but they sort of gather in the vicinity of each other. That’s who she’d wanted to introduce him to, all those months ago. Castiel can see how Charlie might’ve made the leap to try and set them up on this blind date, but the coincidence with the texts… the odds were next to impossible.
“Actually, I get off in a half hour,” Dean says lightly. “My brother and his girlfriend are cooking dinner. I got the turkey started before I left for work this morning, and I gotta say, I have this secret recipe that makes it just perfect. You should come.” He grins, a little teasing. “That is, if you’d prefer it to your traditional Thanksgiving of Netflix and sushi.”
“Wow, your face. It’s terrifying. You’re really rockin’ that celestial monolith look. Sorta gives that whole ‘warriors of God’ thing a lot more credibility,” Dean says, blinking rapidly, in a way that seems reptilian. He’s shackled to the table and the chain link clatters every time he moves. He studies Castiel’s face for a moment and decides, “I like it.”
“I don’t know,” Castiel admits, offering it up so she can see for herself. He takes a sip of water and helps himself to a slice of toast while she peruses the label. The taste is not too bad and the sustenance is a salve to the stabs of hunger.
So, yes, maybe. They’ll write of the man who became the most abhorrent creature of hell. A demon. Yet, he walked the earth with his heart of gold. And the angel who loved him so, who fell from heaven to walk beside him.
They get a double room. There’s a sizable burn in the bedspread on Dean’s bed. There are dried and cracked bloodstains around the toilet seat in the bathroom. Paint peels away from the walls and the ceiling blooms with water stains. Dean gives it all a run through, locks and salts every window and door, and declares it suitable with an, “Eh. I’ve had worse.”
But the texts had come to a standstill after that. Belatedly Castiel realized, he could’ve worded it better. He never explained himself.
Castiel smiles, rubbing the sleep from his eyes with a content sigh. He never expected to hear from Dean again after the misunderstanding had been cleared up, but somehow, they kept talking. The weeks pass by with aimless conversation, and if more than a few hours pass in silence, Castiel misses his phone like a phantom limb.
“You’re sticking with me,” Dean decides, lifting his jacket off the back of a chair and tugging it on. “I’m gonna get some food, we’re gonna check out the case I came here for, and then we’re driving to Bobby’s.”
“I’m sorry,” Castiel says because he doesn’t know what else to say. Perhaps he’s sorry for disobeying Dean’s order. Or maybe he should be sorry for insisting on this trip in the first place. Castiel doesn't know, and he wishes someone would tell him, for once.
Somewhere else, Dean is undressing. He's kissing, and being kissed. He's surrendering his mouth and body to someone else, to a performance of love. No, not even that. Just theatrics. Stress relief. It doesn't matter that Castiel loves him. It doesn't matter that Castiel would do anything for him. Still does. He'd play any role Dean wished in the story. The most important thing Castiel ever did was die for him.
. Cas had gotten visibly upset over the Red Wedding. It had been adorable, even if Dean would never admit it aloud. Trust Sam to fuck up the morning after with this farmers market garbage.
Dean nods, not trusting himself to speak. He might've just gotten a job. So yeah, he wasn't gonna open his big, dumb mouth and confess he’d gotten fired.
By the time he heads out as well, they’ve gathered around what used to be the administrative building and Dean’s using the raised threshold as a pulpit.
There’s a lack of feeling in Castiel’s chest. It feels… hollow. The absence of feeling itself is a feeling. Curiously, wonderfully paradoxical. Castiel touches at it as he kneels, prodding at the non-feeling in the same way he'd tongued the loose upper left canine he suffered from a punch. It’s raw, he realizes upon closer examination. He redraws the line in the devil’s trap thrice for good measure. Watching it dry, he thinks. The feeling is edged with a sinking pain, like sensation around a spot of numbness. It drags at his guts not unlike dread. Castiel sits back on his heels, hugs his knees and contemplates the floor until he realizes: it’s regret. He feels regret.
“Croats ain’t good for business,” the man says with a shrug. He doesn’t wear a trucker hat and though he isn’t bearded, something about him is vaguely reminiscent of Bobby. Castiel knows Dean sees it too, because he doesn’t attempt to charm the man or make small talk.
A beat of stunned silence follows Sheriff Mills’ tirade, during which Bobby decidedly does not look at her or meet her gaze.
Sam looks at Castiel with so much pain in his eyes and says, “I’ve done something terrible, Cas. Worse than letting an angel possess him. Worse than tricking him. He knew what he was turning into. What the Mark was doing to him. And he didn’t want it.”
Dean’s smile is a blade and he cuts to the quick. Castiel erupts like blood, sluicing through slit veins, racing to meet Dean’s gravity. His fingers tighten their grip on Dean’s shirt, as if that will keep him here. As if that will help. It doesn’t. For a few, scintillating moments, Castiel soars. The come down is terrible, filled with the sickening agony of reality. Dean smiles and takes care of him. He brushes back sweaty strands of hair from Castiel’s brow and kisses the fevered skin.
Castiel doesn’t want to do it, but he feels that Charlie really is trying to help him. It was, after all, in an odd way, because of her that he ever spoke to Dean. Charlie punches the air in joy. “Awesome! I’m... pretty sure this is gonna work.”
Sufficiently chastised, Dean nods. He’s still a huge jumble of embarrassment and gratitude. He can't bring himself to look at her. “Yes, Sheriff Mills.”
“I think it would be for the best if we…” Castiel lets the words hang. How is breaking up for the best? How is telling Daphne he doesn’t love her for the best? Especially when the truth is that he probably never loved her.
It’s the truth. Castiel has always seen Dean. He knows Dean in the most intimate of ways. He knows the precise shape of Dean’s ears. The exact bend in the cartilage of his nose. The thickness of his fingernails.
Again, he’s treated to a few moments of silence, so Castiel decides to ignore it and get back to work. His phone starts to vibrate, and instead of answering, Castiel decides to turn it off and shove it in a drawer.
Where to start? Is it even appropriate to tell a virtual stranger that he has feelings for him? Does it even make sense? Castiel chickens out.
Castiel takes a breath, bites off the reproach before it can reach the tip of his tongue. There’s no use. They’re all out of options. They simply have to choose between bad choices and worse choices. He has no doubt Dean feels that some amount of blame falls on Castiel’s shoulders. For Dean, who actively seeks to claim responsibility and blame that is not his, Castiel would gladly bear it.
He falls silent, overcome with frustration. He’s lost Dean. Breaking up with Daphne was difficult, and it was the right thing to do, but losing Dean has been harder on him. He’d sent too many texts that went unanswered. He stopped trying after two days, because if Dean didn’t answer then, what were the odds that he ever would again?
“I suspected.” Bobby wipes a hand over his face and sighs before admitting, “Dean dosed you with suppressants. Wanted to avoid this conversation, I’m sure. Probably wanted to spare you the discomfort, too. It can be overwhelming. And painful. It doesn’t matter; he should’ve told you.”
“Ah, I see.” Dean surreptitiously gives him the employee discount. The receipt takes a nice, long time to print out. Looks like Castiel is going home with a slew of coupons. They’re all crap, and Dean knows most people throw them all away without a second glance, but whatever. It makes Dean feel good to give him something that might come in handy, even if he can’t help Castiel in any substantial way.
on Netflix,” he informs Dean seriously. The hallway to Castiel’s apartment smells like curry, and one of Castiel’s neighbors is having a loud argument. He unlocks the door after some fumbling and flings it open inwards.
Castiel decides to nip it in the bud. “It won’t work. Whatever you’re thinking of– it will not work. Lucifer is too powerful. I suggest we lay low and wait for Heaven to act.”
The arguments wear on Sam. Everyday his lips draw tighter around his teeth. He suppresses his anger by clenching his fists and closing his eyes. He slows his breathing and counts backwards. Then he walks away. He curses and buries himself in a book.
Cas blinks at him sleepily. There are sleep lines on his cheek and grit in the corners of his eyes. His breath is stale and Dean.
He’s never been much of a texter, having always preferred calls. He only texts when he’s feeling particularly anti-social. So, for instance, he primarily communicates with Gabriel via text. The issue is that he wants to talk to Dean, and for the first time, texting is the only option that makes sense.
“You two should be more grateful to your matchmaker, you know,” Charlie babbles, even as Dean steers her by her shoulders out the door. “I could’ve minded my own business. My meddling helps! Or worse, I could’ve set you up with different people, and then where would you be? Dean, you know you owe me–!”
In the morning, over a breakfast of oats, Chuck reports that Risa had come to some time later in the night. Aside from some nausea and a terrible headache, (which the doctor, Amelia, had pronounced normal for a concussion), she seemed mostly fine. By the time Castiel pays Risa a visit, Dean is already in the doctor’s cabin, sitting in a chair to the left of the spare bed.
There’s a tray in Dean's hands. He sets it down on the nightstand carefully. The mattress moans and sags threateningly under his weight when he sits down before Castiel. Swirling eddies of dust puff up and the sunlight turns them into particles of gold. Castiel coughs again. Dean’s palm settles heavily between Castiel’s shoulder blades. A moment later, he begins to rub broad, soothing circles along Castiel’s back.
“No. Have you?” Dean flips the menu shut with a dissatisfied sigh. He scrubs his face with his hands and Castiel tries not to stare. “What the fuck is a deconstructed risotto? I just want a damn burger.”
Castiel would be remiss to rule out the possibility that Dean’s desire to leave the camp had something to do with his heat. Whatever his reasons, his abandonment of the people that looked to him for guidance and safety was certainly strange.
When they get back on the road, the town is still asleep. There are a few more cars on the road, but they’re all pointed east or south, heading out of DeKalb. The deaths have shattered the peace of the small college town, even though this isn’t the first shooting spree at this university. Castiel listens in silence as Dean narrates this information to him.
Cas blinks. “But I know the answer. I mean, I’m just thinking, because… well. The short answer is yes. I would. A part of me though, feels that there should be caveats. For instance, if it was cold-blooded murder, I’d like to believe I wouldn't.”
On paper, Dean is amazing. In person, Dean clearly doesn't want to be here. It hurts a little, but that's fine. Sometimes, things just aren't quite the way they seem.
Dean frowns, rubbing his forehead. He settles on his haunches in front of the corpse, studying it. “It’s the kid… who shot that girl. The first possession. It’s him.”
Regret over refusing Dean. Regret over inadvertently hurting Dean. Regret over denying himself. He tries not to think of Dean. It’s their second day away from the camp. He wonders if anyone’s noticed they're missing, or if they’re all too consumed by the heat. If phones still worked, he’d have called Chuck.
Dean forces himself to shove the dread and disappointment bubbling up inside him. “That’s– fuck, that’s awesome, Cas! Congratulations!”
“Cas?” Sam says, looking confused. A moment later he smiles. “I didn’t know you’d be here! I thought you were going back home.”
“No, I’m saying I would. No matter what.” Castiel actually looks a little embarrassed. He clears his throat. “Not that there’s any reason to contemplate that because it’s impossible. You’re a righteous man, Dean. You would never hurt, much less kill, an innocent.”
Castiel doesn’t even try to resist. He feels so heartsick that he’s honestly more dejected than embarrassed. He ends up narrating the whole sordid story to her. Even if things never went anywhere romantic with Dean, Castiel had banked on their friendship. They had had a good friendship, and Castiel had hoped it would continue. By the time he finishes telling her about Dean, Charlie’s sitting there with her head in her hands again.
Dean smiles and waves, and Castiel’s heart lifts. He feels like the human equivalent of one of those floppy waving man balloons that are usually found outside car dealerships.
He spends the hours until Saturday evening looking over the old text threads until he can’t look at it anymore. It feels so unfair.
They both turn to look at him, and Castiel realizes he’s uttered a sound. He’s made the mistake of opening his mouth and the intensity– no, the feeling grows and overpowers him and drives him to his knees.
It’s the policeman from earlier in the day. The one who called them when the omega girl’s body was found. The one who lived here is whole life, and was aghast at the violence. His eyes are black. He empties the clip and doesn’t stop pulling the trigger. He keeps advancing.
Before Sam can start bitching and whining, Cas picks up the next card and asks, “What are some things I do to let you know I'm mad without actually saying anything?”
Dean struggles to control his blush as they make small talk. He’s still new to being okay with people knowing about him. In a way, it almost feels strange
“How many times have we raced to make a deal with a demon? How many times have we learnt that it comes with consequences, but,” Sam’s voice cracks, “Every time. This time was different. I told him I wouldn’t – he died wanting to be saved, Cas. Believing I wouldn’t try to save him. And now...”
And there’s also the fact that Dean is unlike anyone else Castiel knows. His texts are disjointed and frenetic, a straight tap to his stream of consciousness. Castiel suspects that he has a very minimally applied filter, if it even exists. There’s something here between them, a mischievous chemistry he never had with Daphne. It’s the stuff of movies and books, and Castiel feels like he can read between the lines and see the smirk on Dean’s lips. Hear the low chuckle he imagines is Dean’s, or feel the palpable excitement. In return, sometimes Dean appears to know exactly what is on Castiel’s mind, and connect the dots, firing sharp over Castiel’s synapses to meet him there.
Castiel stops trying to seek revelation when he realizes that it upsets Dean. Anyway, it’s not quite revelation. That implies that Castiel has the capacity to seek it. He finds that once he is cut off from the Host, his attempts go through a devolution that plateaus at prayer, and scrapes rock bottom at begging into the unanswering ether. It’s no wonder it bothers Dean. The fruitlessness of the endeavor is frustrating.
“Don’t you think he should know what’s going on? Lucifer is closing in on him, and he’s out there, Dean. Alone. Being separated from you led him to Ruby in the first place–”
“Ugh. This is why I hate meddling,” Charlie groans. “I never meddled. My entire life, not a single meddle. And the first time I try it, I fuck it up so bad…”
He didn't even know Dean's last name. His actual age. Although he briefly considered it, Castiel didn't use the number to dig up more information on Dean, and he gets the sense that Dean likely never did that either. If Dean wanted to be found, he would've made it clear. It wasn't like Dean to play games, and it wasn't for Castiel to violate Dean's privacy just to find out.
"Yes, Dean," Cas says, and Dean tries not to feel mollified by the fond exasperation in Cas' voice. He's not quite sure what to say, but then Cas reaches across the space between them and rests his hand on Dean's knee.
He’s just begun to take on patrol shifts when he catches one of the hunters smoking by the metal fences. It smells pungent.
“You were right. I’m… I’m jealous. I can’t stand it.” His voice cracks again. “Because– well, cuz, you’re mine. I mean, you’re not. I know that. I – I want you to be. With me.” He’s blabbering now, but he can’t seem to shut up. “I just. Jesus. I love you, Cas. I’m in love with you.” He exhales sharply. “But it can’t happen and it’s never gonna ‘cuz I keep fucking up–”
“I don’t want to go back, Cas,” Dean says. He sounds and looks exhausted. All the resistance diffuses out of him in an exhale. “Hell, I think I’ve paid more than my fair share. I just don’t see another option.”
“Well.” Mark looks embarrassed. “It’s just stereotypes and I try not to assume. I dunno. You got that look.”
Realizing he’s stopped to stare for longer than is polite, Dean clears his throat, and starts scanning the items the man’s jumbled together on top of the counter. Advil. Chocolate ice cream. Frozen pizza. The guy tries to hide a sniffle behind his sleeve. Well. Clearly things are not going great. Best not to comment. Certainly not a good idea to flirt.
Dean hesitates. Something about the way Castiel asks it makes him feel like… Castiel’s not used to having friends. And as much as Castiel is an awesome guy who deserves friends, Dean would really rather they were the kinda friends that kissed and had sex and cuddled in Dean’s bed upstairs. He’s been wanting to kiss Castiel for some time now.
With a little encouraging, Castiel narrates one of the case studies. The glass of wine he’d been nursing mellows him out a little, and Castiel ends up having a pleasant, long conversation well past the time he normally goes to bed. Talking to his mystery texter is refreshing. Fun. Maybe because he’s a stranger, and Castiel doesn’t feel the need to… be.
He leans in for another kiss, because if they’re kissing, they’re not talking and Dean can deal with this later. He can celebrate tonight properly for Castiel’s sake, like he’s supposed to, and not be a selfish asshole.
“My parents had just kicked me out.” Castiel chuckles, rueful and embarrassed. “I came out to them, even though I knew they wouldn’t take it very well. It might not have gone so badly, but I also told them that I didn’t want to be a doctor. You see, we’re a family of doctors. Both my parents are doctors, and so are all my siblings. It’s just what we do. And I wanted to be a lawyer, instead. That was the proverbial straw.”
There is a man beneath the skin of the monster. Though he lurks beneath the thick, calloused scales, a mere shadow, he exists. Terrifyingly fragile and human.
Castiel gets in his car, and debates it for a second before he decides to attempt to flirt back. It doesn't really mean anything. It's just a little harmless fun. And considering all the times he's been accused of being uptight and boring, Castiel figures he could stand to have a little fun.
"I didn't want that to deter you though." Cain smirked, pulling several documents out of his desk. "Now, I have to rewrite this will. You should report to Alistair in the morning. He can help channel the... urges that come with the mark." He continued smiling, putting a small pair of glasses on his nose. "For now though, return to your protective duties. I'm worried that Cas may try to hurt himself."
“If you wake up in a rut, you hit the shower and take care of business immediately, got it?” Dean says severely. He’s getting ready for bed, not bothering to turn down the blanket or take off his shoes. There’s color in his cheeks and a shine to his eyes. It’s not his usual deadened stoicism and it fans a strange warmth in Castiel.
“Goodnight, Dean,” Castiel replies and turns his back on him, trying to get comfortable on the lumpy mattress.
But, Castiel has to admit, this is part of what he loves about being with Dean. Every day is a thrill. Something different. Dean pushes him just past the point of comfort, and joins him there, and Castiel always come out of the experience having enjoyed himself in ways he hadn’t known possible.
He picks up a biscuit, but his phone rings, so he sets it down and dusts his hand on his pants before answering. He identifies himself as Agent Costello. He listens for a few moments and says, “I’ll be there in ten minutes.” He looks up at Cas. “More bodies. And they think they’ve got a lead on the girl.”
Castiel takes his phone back, tugging for a moment before Charlie relents and lets go. He backs out of the message so he’s not staring at the picture anymore and eyes the number for a few moments. He really doesn’t recognize it. And he definitely doesn’t recognize the face.
“Okay, I still don’t really want to be…” he trails off awkwardly. Is it a verb– can he say ‘sexting’– does he even want to? These are the questions that make Castiel hold his peace.
The door swings open with another curse, and this time it’s Bobby Singer. He looks irate, covered in grease and sweat, and what looks like mustard. Dean already knows the answer as the older man glares at him from behind the counter.
Once he’s ensured that Jack and Risa have fallen into a pattern for a swift dispatch of goods from the store into the jeep, Dean returns to the passenger seat. The door is open and he has one foot in when a scream rends the air. It’s from within the store. It’s Jack.
“I’d like that. Sometimes my bathroom smells like weed because of my neighbors, but I like my apartment. I don’t want to move.”
“Thought you was together,” says the man at the desk. He’s cleaning his gun right at the rattling, scarred reception desk. The look he levels on Castiel is both curious and dismissive. “You two. Thought you’d be holed up in there howlin’ like monkeys.”
“I’m serious. I was with her when I started talking to you. When I started falling for you.” Castiel can’t quite look at him anymore. “I had every opportunity to tell you about her, and I didn’t. I lied by omission.”
Dean closes his eyes and steadies his breathing. Then he stoops to pick up his gun, walks over, and shoots Jack in the head.
“What do you mean?” Dean asks, heart thumping far too loudly, because, well. Apparently this is happening.
"I'm here because Dean is here," Cas says. That should've been fairly obvious, but now, he's not sure who he's reminding. "As for the Bible, I don't have it committed to memory anymore. I do still remember some parts of the Book of Enoch. And, to some extent certain Jewish magical texts like the Zohar, but only because they contained spells that involved me."
Now Cas looks mad. “Dean, stop. You’re not an idiot. You read Vonnegut for fun. You restore old cars to their prime. That takes intelligence. A lot of it. And you have it.”
For a few moments, they’re both silent. Dean wiggles his toes with a playful smile, and Castiel squeezes them.
“You’re angry,” Castiel states uselessly. There’s a dissonance here. That much he’s able to parse. His newfound humanity gives him that little keyhole of insight. He tries to connect the disjoint between what Dean is saying and what he means, and he fails.
Dean laughs and shoves Castiel playfully. Castiel sways away and back, closer into Dean’s side. The air between them grows charged with the tension, but there’s no urgency accompanying the anticipation. Castiel licks his lips, and Dean’s gaze drops to his mouth, and shit, okay. Dean might’ve spoke too soon. He really, really wants to kiss Castiel right now.
“I understand. Thanks for the opportunity anyway.” Dean swallows, and even manages a smile in Garth’s direction.
"'Morning," Dean grunts, going straight for the box of donuts. Not dusted with sugar, but glazed with chocolate. Cas looks pleased with himself. And Dean thinks, if this is how he goes out, it's not so bad. This is alright.
Daphne is beautiful in a fairly conventional sort of way, but Castiel can’t remember being attracted to her. Now that she’s got her back turned, he wonders what color her eyes are. What the shape of her mouth is. (Not a well-shaped kissable bow. Or maybe it is, but he never noticed.) And then he kicks himself mentally for not knowing. It just never seemed to matter that much. He didn’t miss her when she was gone.
As the rut abates, the pain returns full throttle, so Castiel, in turn, returns to the pills. Dean’s excursions pick up with a zeal. They grow greater in frequency and longer in duration. They’re setting fires. Bringing the party home. Lucifer is on the move, if the sporadic bursts of news on the radio can be trusted.
Castiel sits up. He glances at the wound and touches the edge of it gingerly. He closes his eyes against the pain.
They’re strangers to each other. This is a fact. Castiel can honestly say he doesn’t know any friends or acquaintances named Dean. He’s fairly sure no one in his tiny social circle knows a Dean. And, they’re testing the waters now, in a totally stress-free way. Castiel doesn’t have to worry about whether he’s coming across as too socially awkward, and in a way he’s more uninhibited. He makes jokes he wouldn’t in person, for one. He also smiles and laughs more than he would in person. He’s not stressed about making a good impression. It’s freeing.
Dean is an alpha. An alpha who, when it comes to sex, has historically shown a proclivity for the opposite gender, though how important their designation as alpha, beta, or omega is, remains unclear.
“Better?” Dean asks gently, voice low and warm and gruff. Castiel nods in gratitude. He sags against Dean, succumbing to the exhaustion. Dean’s arm wraps around Castiel's weak shoulders, hitching him closer. “Good,” Dean concedes with another crooked smile. He turns his head and presses his lips to Castiel’s temple in a soft kiss. Castiel soaks it up and breathes it in with a shudder. Dean squeezes his arm again, lips lingering against fevered skin. Castiel feels the warm puff of an exhale and then Dean rests his forehead against Castiel’s temple and presses a kiss to his cheek.
Sunlight slants low on the ground through the barred windows. Castiel wakes from his fitful, shallow slumber to a knock at the door. He rubs grit from his eyes and sees Dean haloed by the light, standing on the threshold, looking down at him.
There isn't time to figure things out. There isn't time to sort through emotions as though they are a face-down deck of cards. Sifting through the rubble. Picking one up. The right one. Turning it over. Studying it. Learning it. Understanding it.
Dean passes him a mug and nudges the milk and sugar towards Castiel. He pretends not to pay attention as Castiel dumps heaped spoon after spoon… after spoon in his coffee. Dean likes his coffee black, but knowing how Castiel takes his makes him smile. They lean against the counter and wait until it’s cooled enough to drink.
Dean jumps, along with Cas. How did he forget they weren’t alone. He hears Sam hiss something angrily at Charlie and she looks sheepish but stays silent.
Sleeping is still generally disorienting, and Castiel struggles to remember the sequence of events that lead up to it. Or even how he eventually manages to sleep. Or where he is and what he was doing when he wakes up. As a result, the past month has been taxing. Dean grumbles that he has no cycle, and that it’s frustrating because Castiel tends to fall asleep when he’s exhausted, instead of every night like a normal person. Which means he’s asleep at the most inopportune times.
The way her voice is pitched, and her eyes are shining, and her grin is splitting her face– Dean freezes. She’s made the same joke before but. No. No way.
He stays frozen in place, heart hammering in his throat. Afraid. He’s afraid. For the first time in a long time. Long moments pass in silence and Castiel waits, taking quiet breaths into his burning lungs.
“Awesome.” Dean slides the usual form over with a pen, and finishes making the bill while the man fills it out. A few moments later Dean trades the receipt for the form. He takes not of the name surreptitiously as he types in the information.
“Black eyes,” Dean gasps. He whips his head back to see the cop climb in through the shattered window. “They’re all possessed.
“So… what do you want to drink? We have tequila, but it's not patron. Jim beam, and this really cheap vodka, and– oh, I could run back to my apartment and get the moonshine my roommate brewed.”
Castiel ends up crushed between Jess and Dean. He starts out looking uncomfortable and uncertain, but then he grins when Jess laughs. “Congratulations,” he says warmly, and when he tries to look at Jess, he inadvertently ends up almost resting his head on Dean’s shoulder. “I’m very happy for both of you.”
“What?” Sam sounds surprised. “There was a case. Demon possession. No rhyme or reason except for a streak of brutal murders. It’s gone now, as far as I can tell.”
Castiel rolls his eyes and sighs loudly in exaggerated exasperation. “It’s worth it,” he says, and clinks his bottle against Dean’s and winks. “You’re worth it.”
It’s only been three weeks since they first kissed. Since Castiel took him out. Since he first started to learn things about Castiel– but that’s not true, is it? Dean’s known for about a year. He’s known for a year that Castiel is sweet and kind and awkward and intense and loves pb&j and honey and drinks 2% milk and uses a coconut-vanilla scented shampoo and… now he knows the texture of Cas’ hair, and the way his mouth tastes in the morning, the innate essence of Castiel that clings to his clothes and sheets, and how he likes his coffee.
Well, not right from the start. There was a good fifteen minutes when Castiel hadn’t been sure he’d make it to the main course, but after he’d explained…
He didn’t think he’d ever feel so torn– but he’s not. He’s distinctly happy. He’s fucking elated. All the other stuff, that’s life, and that’s bullshit, but he’s here. Dean is present in this moment where… he’s in love with a man who loves him back, and it’s something he never thought he’d have. But he does. And it’s fucking amazing.
Charlie’s smile is wry, but it transforms into something manic and excited. “You’re right, Cas. And you know what? As thanks for being such an awesome genius and an amazing friend, I’m gonna do you a solid. I’m gonna set you up. You’re going on a blind date.”
“I know,” Dean says, impatient for the first time. He crawls up the bed, ignoring its protests and collapses beside Castiel. “I know,” he repeats, and for the first time he sounds tired. He sighs and shifts around again to pull Castiel closer. “We’ll fix it. We’ll figure it out. We always do. And you need to make it until then.”
Castiel ducks his head to mouth at a nipple in lieu of answering. Dean whimpers brokenly, and presses up while a hand clasps around Castiel’s neck, holding him in place. Castiel teases the sensitive bud with his tongue and teeth for a few moments, enjoying the way Dean’s cock twitches against his thigh.
Castiel shrugs. "With varying degrees of success. Human information on angels is riddled with falsities. Some were partly right. Path jumping, for instance. They didn't realize that angels simply flew. Some were wrong but entertaining. They believed I, and one of my brothers, Samael, could cause 'strife between a man and a woman'. There's no truth to that. We cannot be commanded by a spell. Samael could be convinced otherwise."
Castiel doesn’t see why not. It doesn’t do much for him until the fourth inhale. He returns the crudely rolled cigarette saying, “I’m not sure I’m fond of it.”
Castiel takes aim and shoots just as the Croat looks up. It’s a bad shot, but it gets the job done. The Croat falls back and Dean sits up, rubbing a hand along his throat.
“That’s where I aimed for, but I don’t remember… anything…” Castiel clenches his fists, and forces himself to breathe evenly.
"That was unexpected," Cas says, licking his index finger and thumb slowly. He shuts his eyes and wrinkles his entire face in concentration. "I like it," he decides tentatively, and Dean's face breaks into a small, fond smile. What a weirdo.
Dean whoops, startling a sleepy coworker. Six is not bad at all. He’d miss all the cooking, and they’d have to push it back a little, but he’d still be able to make it.
Dean lunges after them, but Cas grabs him by the lapels and drags him in for a kiss. He can hear Sam and Charlie scrambling to get their equipment unhooked and safely away from them but honestly, Dean doesn’t care anymore.
And we're back to our regularly scheduled programming! Sorry about the break; RL stuff, you know how it is. Shouldn't be long until we reach the end.
It stinks of Crowley. Meg had zero plans, and seemed quite eager to swap places so she’d have a favor to call in, and because she’d be able to pocket the extra money. There’s no reason she’d change her mind. Dean sighs, going to shut his phone off and put it away, but it lights up with another text from Jo.
Castiel can’t tell if Dean is taking the news well or not. It’s disconcerting. There was so much he thought he knew about Dean, and he does, but there is so much that is new to him as well. This is nothing like swapping texts. It’s so much more, and at the same time, it’s a lot less.
When they kiss, Dean climbs into Castiel’s lap. They fit together. It sets off an ache in Dean’s chest. By the time Castiel presses him into the bed, kissing him slow and deep, Dean feels shivery with apprehension. He wants this. He just doesn’t want it to be the last time.
“He made a girl cry! By telling her he didn’t want to disrespect her.” Dean shakes his head, trying not to laugh.
But, this is the one year Sam’s decided not to spend Thanksgiving with Jess’ family in California. Dean had really been looking forward to a full, proper dinner, and now it looks like he’s going to miss it. Even if it is only one of three jobs he currently shuffles between, he can’t afford to lose it.
The waiter chooses that moment to interrupt them, and after they settle on drinks, Dean valiantly attempts to order a burger. When that fails he goes for ‘whatever the hell you call a steak around here,’ and Castiel gets the special, which promises to be one of the chef’s more adventurous takes on salmon.
It feels almost maternal. Castiel nods stiffly and murmurs something similar back. He checks his phone as he walks out the door, and smiles, all Daphne-related concerns forgotten. He responds as he walks to his car.
“No. You don’t know what he said. You don’t know what he meant. You don’t get it. And – just– it doesn’t matter, anyway. This isn’t just about him running his dumb mouth. This has been a long time coming. This is Ruby, and the demon blood, and a lifetime of chasing after him, and every shitty thing on the long list of betrayals. If he wants to come back, he knows where to find us.”
“Cheers,” he adds, before downing the shot. It’s been a while since he’s drunk hard liquor. The whiskey burns as it goes down, but fuzzes into a buzzing warmth as it sinks in.
“Like the way your skin tastes,” Dean murmurs, dipping his head to the curve of Castiel's throat. “Kinda like copper. Like electricity, if it has a taste.” He sucks wet, burning kisses along the skin and Castiel shudders when the cool air rushes in to dry them.
Castiel finds that he rather enjoys the effect of amphetamines. It has a way of clarifying the white noise of human emotions and interactions. Once distilled, he can focus. He understands what’s needed of him. He can offer counsel when requested. He can stay out of the way when Dean doesn’t want to deal with him. He can indulge physical cravings by following through on the body’s requests with singular purpose. It goes: drugs, sleep, food, ablutions.
A knife hits Castiel’s back, the point burrowing deep. He feels the pressure, but no pain. Beneath him, Dean scrambles to get on his hands and knees. He starts to scramble for the front door.
He realizes that the sound that woke him was a door slamming shut somewhere below. Squinting against the sunlight streaming in from under the curtains, he rubs the grit from his eyes.
A resounding slap cracks through the air. Sam hobbles back, clutching his cheek. Dean stands before him, hand still half raised, breathing hard.
It makes sense but Castiel isn’t entirely sure Dean wasn’t deliberately trying to keep that from him. He settles for raising an eyebrow. “Alright, let me log off and get my wallet.”
Dean catches him looking and turns pink. He produces a foul spray from the bag and douses the sweet scent out. On the table with the files is a slightly squashed sandwich. He eats it silently while he peruses the files.
“It’s complicated,” Castiel explains hastily, clumsily. He cringes. “Actually, it’s not. It’s not really… it isn’t a real thing. I haven’t even met him. We talk sometimes. I know what he looks like. But it’s not him–”
“Don’t worry about it,” Sam says, instantly going from pissed, whiny younger brother to gentle giant.
“Cas, he’s in the basement, stuck in a devil’s trap, strapped to a chair in chains.” Sam shuts his eyes and they’re rimmed red and swollen. The words stick visibly in his throat, but he gets them out. “And his eyes. They’re black.”
At the bunker, Castiel waits by the door. The last time he walked through it, he was driven to it and then followed into its safety by Dean. Castiel understood then what the bunker was. It was a home to those who grew up with no house. And now it was a grave.
Cas reaches over the table to shove him playfully. “I did not. But,” he admits. “I was extremely uncomfortable. And Dean rescued me.”
And while Castiel ponders the object of his interest, the cause of his fall, the man himself is long gone.
“It’s a video. And it’s so Charlie and I can pass our film class.” Sam finally emerges from behind one of the cameras. “Dean, I already explained this to you. There’s about thirty questions. You take turns with Cas, asking them to each other. If either of you don’t want to answer them, take a shot.”
She cursed under her breath as she landed on her butt, rubbing her head. “Don’t you know how to watch where you’re…” She looked over to Dean, “Oh, your majesty, I apologize.” She stood to try and bow.
Dean opened the window and threw the bottle outside. It crashed against the ground. "With all due respect," he closed the window and ordered a maid to bring him some tea. "Which, as of late, is none, but you haven't been my king. Castiel has suffered for four arduous months because you have sat here and drank away every opportunity we've had to save him. I'm sorry, but I refuse to sit here any longer." He made Cain drink the tea the maid brought back, then headed to the door. "I'll be back in three weeks time either with Cas or his body. I expect you to be sober for his return."
Hannah pursed her lips, avoiding Cas’s eyes as she spoke. “I heard he was found with a man. Someone with dark hair.” She glanced to Cas’s hair, “and some are even saying the man looked like he belonged to nobility.”
Dean smiled now, at least there was some way he could get Cas back. “Alright, well you get on that, then. I’ll play it cool around that thing inside of Cas, and we’ll fix him up once we talk to Luxa.”
"Well it's not something the bounty posters advertise." Dean smiled softly as he thought of his daughter. "Emma. She looks just like her mother."
Michael had already turned his attention to Lucifer and waved his hand dismissively. Cas took his chance and sped from the room, racing down the stairs to find a moment's peace. He fled to his mother's rose garden; Father had let him restore the garden once he was old enough. He sat on the bench near the small pond and rested his head in his hands. He could always run away to avoid marriage, but where would he go? He sat in thought for some time until the noise from the city overwhelmed his mind. Cas walked over to an opened servant gate and looked around himself. The guards weren't paying close attention to who came in and out, so Cas slipped through the gates in a crowd leaving the castle.
She laughed loudly, smoothing the strap back over her mark. “I gave it to his forefather, Adam, as a curse.”
Jess came over to the two brothers, patting her baby's back gently. She looked over the mark, glancing to Sam. "Perhaps moving to Eastden is actually better for us. Think about it, Sammy. We wouldn't have to hide in the woods anymore. We could still plan a rebellion, but safely for our children. We could give her a real home instead of a tent."
"We could leave now."  He grinned and pulled Cas's leg onto his hip. "Go in the night and never look back."
Noctis glanced to the small crack, a smirk creeping over his face. “Feisty when it comes to your son it seems. Let’s see how far I can push you.”
Castiel's body burned wildly as he laid completely still in bed. He felt like hundreds of sharp needles were piercing his stomach and legs. He tried to move, but it only sent a searing pain up his spine. He whimpered softly, opening his eyes. As his vision cleared, the figure next to him took shape; Cain was smiling at him. His warm, charming, deceitful smile. Cas looked away, his eyes sorrowful and betrayed.
Dean gazed into Cas's eyes searching for any weaknesses he could use. He nodded, climbing off of Cas's bed. "Friends will have to do, then." He went to the door with a sad smile. "I really am sorry." He closed the door behind him, slinking down to his room.
The doctor nodded and left the two alone. He told the king and the guard what Cas wanted, walking away from the room. Cain waited for a brief moment then entered, too excited to see his child. Cas looked at the intruder, holding Henry tighter. "I wanted some privacy, Cain."
Cas laughed softly, turning into Dean's palm. Cain had told him the same thing, not an hour ago. He changed the subject again, "When are you to start training with Alistair? You keep getting postponed because of me."
As the ceremony closed, the priest turned Michael to face the audience, sprinkling holy water around him. “I present King Michael of Havenshire!” The crowd stood as they cheered and clapped when the priest placed the king’s crown on Michael’s head. Cas frowned as he watched his brother.
Cas closed his eyes slowly, his breathing became erratic. He shook his head, "I'm not comfortable seeing you in mine and Cain's bedroom. Come back when Dean or Cain are here, and we'll talk all you want."
Cas tensed as Dean came over to him, frozen in place when those big calloused hands clasped around his face. He shut his eyes as Dean kissed him, fighting the bittersweet memories of Dean's taste. He quickly shoved Dean away. "No! No, you can't do this to me, not again." He wiped his mouth.
Cas waited for Dean to leave his room before he vanished from the isolated tower. The entire week had been a pain. Everywhere he went in the castle, a soft whispering beckoned him to Cain's study. He knew he had to find the crown again, he wanted the power that came with it. Dean wouldn't understand that; Dean had never been helpless. Cas concentrated in the shadows to find the crown.
Cas looked up at Dean, wiping his face free of tears and snot. "Even now?" Dean nodded, and Cas held his cheek. "I wish I had run away with you before this. Before the wedding, before the journey here. I should've gone with you with to your camp."
The room was cold, or was he cold? He took a deep breath, touching his stomach. He felt empty, hollow. Even though the stitches were nearly healed, he ached all over his body. Finally, he opened his eyes. The room was covered in herbs and plants, bottles and vials, and a cauldron bubbled in the hearth. Cas sat up, a loud groan escaping his lips. Cain's court witch, Rowena, came inside the room. "You're finally back, Lord Castiel. I knew Master Noctis wouldn't let you die like that."
Amara speaks Latin and the (very) rough translation is “I give this brand to you to protect yourself, to bless your family, and to curse your enemies.”
Emma nodded and peeked at the baby. "His name is Henry. Miss Hannah said his mama is sick, so she brought him here until he gets here." Emma pressed a small hand to Henry's face.
Lucifer retched, clutching his stomach. He slumped down, coughing up black blood. The familiar black ink crawled through his veins from the wound, rotting the flesh as it moved. As his body stilled, Noctis carved a raven from the wound. He wiped the blade on his shirt and squatted over him. “Spiro vitam…” He muttered. The raven burst from the carving and landed next Noctis. “Seek out Michael, show him your origins; let him know his irrelevant spy is dead.” The raven cawed once and flew away. As it did, Lucifer’s body crumbled to ash, blowing away in a soft breeze. Noctis stood and dusted his hands together. “A waste really. He could’ve been such a good ally.”
Lucifer pushed into Cas’s room as Hannah helped the prince dress for the coronation ceremony. Cas held his breath as Hannah worked on the undergarments. He glanced to his older brother, “Is it time already?”
Cas glanced to the door as Dean peeked in, a panic growing in his eyes. "He's healthy. The doctor says I must stay in bed until my stitches are healed." He cupped Henry's cheek, relaxing a bit as the infant fell asleep. Once his eyes were closed, Cas allowed Cain to look at Henry, but he refused to let him go.
Cas watched Henry fall asleep again, sighing to himself. "You have to go. Take him with you, please. I can't lose you both."
Cas studied Dean’s face for a long minute. He didn’t want to bluntly say he loved the man, but he needed Dean to understand how he felt. “Because I think your cause is worth the risk. I think YOU are worth all the risk that comes with helping you.” He presses his palm against Dean’s speckled cheek. “Because I want you... I want to be able to dream about a life with you...” his cheeks grew hot as he spoke.
Cas sobbed more into Dean's shirt, wrapping his arms around Dean. He trembled violently, still unable to speak. He didn't want to look at Dean. He didn't want to meet the rejection Dean would surely give him now. He coughed up mucus and phlegm, spitting it on the floor. "He.. he.. was going to.." He sobbed more.
"Enough, Dean! It's over." He pulled Dean off of Amara, but Dean turned on Cas, slashing wildly at the younger man. Cas touched the open wound on his face now, his own anger seeping through. He dropped a knife, Cain's knife, out of his sleeve and held it defensively. The two danced to the music of the clanging metal, dodging and thrusting their blades at one another. Amara stood from the floor and watched as the dance devolved into punches as the blades flew from their masters' hands. Their bodies fit seamlessly together like a lock and key. Cas finally pinned Dean to a pillar. As he reached out to summon his blade, Amara gripped his shoulder. "Enough Emmanuel. You've proven your strength, now leave us. I must discuss a deal with Dean privately."
"There's nothing to discuss Dean. You used me, and I'm marrying Cain. End of discussion." He went to his bed and pulled on a robe to make himself decent.
Inside the circle stood Amara, as elegant as the day she died. She looked around the crumbling room, met Dean’s eyes with a smirk. “Well well well, I never thought I’d see you again. Need my help with something?”
Cas took his bag of paint and brushes over to his easel. "Talent and efficiency are what the nobles want. If they don't have to stand around for weeks for a portrait, and they can get it delivered as soon as it dries, they're willing to pay anything." He smiled and set up a blank canvas. "Have any new commissions come in? We haven't had any business this week."
“I don’t think he’ll find out, Hannah. Take heart, I’ll stay safe as long as I can trust you to stay silent about this.” He smiled slightly as he looked at their hands. “I think I love him, Hannah. Oh, I know it sounds silly, but something about him shakes my very being. I have to help him escape.”
"I have my mother's eyes." Cas turned at a tree outside of the city walls and sat at the base of it. He faced the westward woods. "He didn't stop Michael and Lucifer from hurting me unless it seemed as if I'd die. I guess that's why I'm more feminine than them. Broken bones will do that." He laughed softly as he tried to hide his nervousness. The rebel leader was much more beautiful than his brothers gave him credit for.
Cas relaxed in Dean's strong hold, resting his head on his chest. "I only went with Abaddon for a few days tops."
Meg caught the apple and rolled out of bed. She wrapped the sheets around her bare body and walked over to him, a grin on her face. "hmm, I don't know. I'll have to get back to you on that when he discovers my inspiring ways." She laughed and kissed his temple. "You provide quite the comfortable life, Clarence." She dug through the bags to see all he bought as she ate the apple. "I can't believe you just turned up in the square offering cheap portraits and now we live in the noble's district."
Dean thought back to what Alastair had said about the mark. ‘A darkness will destroy everyone you love.’ His right arm went hot at the thought of dealing out pain. He sat up away from Cas, holding the mark. “Maybe you shouldn’t, Cas. I have this, this darkness inside of me now, and I couldn’t bare to see you get hurt because of it.”
Cas bit his lip, scratching Cole's face when he pulled his head back. He made a dash for the door, but Cole grabbed around his waist and covered his mouth when Cas made a cry for help. "Now, now. It's rude to not accommodate your guests, Castiel. Especially when I only want to show you a good time." Cole drug him back to the bed, pressing the prince face down into the mattress. Cas tried pushing him off, but Cole twisted his arm behind his back. He gripped the base of his neck, leaning down to his ear. "You shouldn't flaunt yourself on your walks with Dean or Cain. You attract all the wrong kinds of attention." He laughed coldly, keeping his face buried into the bed. Cole hurriedly pulled his own trousers down and ground against Cas. "You're just so damn pretty, Cas. You make all of the guards hard for you. Lucky me, I'm the one that gets to deflower you." He pulled Cas's pants down as well, gripping his ass firmly. "Not even your husband's had you yet. Mm... I love this part. Watching you squirm as you adjust."
The few servants Cas had kept hurried to get breakfast on the table as Cas sat down with Henry and Emma. The three ate quietly, still adjusting to each other's presence. After breakfast, Cas handed the children off to their nanny, then he walked back to his room to get ready for the coronation ceremony. As he clasped his cloak around his shoulders, he glanced in his mirror with a frown.
Cas let his eyes trace the outlines of Dean's strong shoulders then took a step inside the room and shut the door behind him. He leaned against the closed door. "Why did you come here specifically, though? No one has been to Elladonton for as long as I can remember."
Dean kept his eyes on the smaller frame as he removed his own shirts. He pulled Cas to himself, grinning as Cas turned a deep red. "are you nervous young prince?" He cupped his cheek gently and pressed their lips together more gently before Cas could answer. His free hand gripped the slender curve of his Cas's hip.
Dean felt his chest swell, "I didn't know Cole's intentions with Cas. I thought I would be there for him. If Cain hadn't pulled me away." He wiped his mouth free of Amara's saliva.
Noctis smiled and turned his attention back to the mirror. “Filthy lying pig. He’s leaving you because he knows you’re almost gone.” He laughed and tossed his head back.
Amara pursed her lips, “his bloodline will end with his death, and my wrath will be soothed. I only offer my mark as protection from Dean.”
Cas closed his eyes and melted into Dean's chest, sucking in his breath before he wrapped his arms around Dean's neck. "If you're so dead set on marrying me, then I have no choice." He smiled, "As long as I can announce it to my brothers after my coronation as king."
Cas choked on his tea, coughing harder as Hannah patted his back. “A nobleman found with the rebel, that would be treason.” He hid behind another sip of tea.
"Only you would worry about status." Cas wrapped his arms around Dean's torso, tilting his head back with a soft moan as Dean's lips grazed his skin. "I want this, more than you do I bet." He reached down and pulled Dean's shirt over his head.
Just three days after the coronation, the morning of the wedding dawned. Castiel kissed his sleeping fiance's temple as he left the room to ready himself for the day ahead. Alone in his studio, Cas walked over to the vanity, sitting on the tuffet in front of the mirror. He picked over the brush and the hand mirror, deciding on the brush. He glanced to the vanity mirror, a smirk across his face. His reflection looked panicked; he watched the reflection scratch at the mirror.
Cas had been undressing for bed when he heard the gentle paps on the door. "So you've changed your mind and come to join," he paused as he opened the door, "me." His playful flirtatious smile soured into a cold grimace. "What do you want, Dean?"
Rowena stood from her chair, a frown forming on her face. "You can't just leave! What about your husband? Your kingdom?" She rushed over to his side as Cas dressed. "You can't let Cain get away with murdering your baby. Master Noctis would want you to take revenge on him!"
Emma shrugged her shoulders as she watched Henry fall asleep. "It's okay, Daddy. You're back." She looked up at him, a smile on her face. "You won't go away again though?"
Cas sucked in a breath, whining in pain. "Never." He whispered, closing his eyes for a moment. When his eyes opened again, they were glowing bright red. "You will do well to let me go." He kicked his brother's legs out from under him, turning to watch Michael. "See, what you didn't know. Before I killed Amara, she taught me a few tricks." He twirled his fingers; little sparks of magic flew from his fingertips. "Cain learned a very difficult lesson, and you're on your way to learning the same one." He squatted down with a grin. He patted Michael's cheek. "If you're wise, you'll hold your tongue."
He smiled and leaned into her touches. “I’ve always wanted a mother.” He mumbled, a blissful numbness overtaking him. “She wouldn’t have let me be hurt.”
Cas shrugged his shoulders and folded his arms over his chest. "Honestly, I'm not too bothered by his death now. He was going to kill me when I was a newborn babe." Cas looked to the castle for a moment before he turned and walked away towards the outskirts of the city. Dean didn't know if he should follow Cas, and despite his gut telling him to leave the prince alone, he ran after Cas. "What stopped him from doing you in? If you don't mind me asking."
Rowena raised an eyebrow, “That’s a surprise. He didn’t seem like he had it in him to hurt anyone.” She nudged her horse forward, heading towards the broken down castle.
"Mother enchanted the castle to make it easier for us to be independent of a large staff." Cas withdrew his hand. "We only have a cook and a handful of servants."
Dean pursed his lips and watched Cas dress in silence. He knew the magic wouldn't help Cas deal with his problems, even if it made him feel stronger. After Dean had watched Cas be filled the darkness from Amara's crown, he had been worried that Cas would follow in her path. He advised Cain to keep the crown locked away, fearing Cas would seek it out. Once Cas was dressed, Dean gathered his own clothes.
Cas relaxed again; Dean did love him. He was the reason Dean was still here. "We've been over this, Dean." He laced their fingers together. "We'll have to continue this in secret for now." He sighed and pulled the blankets over them. "When do you start training with Alistair?"
"Why would I be afraid of that little worm?" He scoffed, rolling his eyes as he drummed his fingers on the table. "We need someone here to watch him, so I can know his every move." Michael looked towards Lucifer, "There's always you." He smirked.
Dean watched the young prince leave, the hard mask he was trying to put on falling off as soon as he turned away from Dean. He watched those slender shoulders tremble and heave as Cas silently sobbed as he climbed the stairs. The guards threw him back in the cell. Dean sunk to the floor, shaking his head. He had betrayed the only ally he had in the castle. He singlehandedly tightened his own noose around his neck.
“Now, I’m the prince’s protector.” Dean laughed and held him close. “And a quiet consort.” He kissed his forehead.
Sam grabbed his wrist, frowning. "We can't go back Dean. He's inviting every king and nobleman he can. You've still got a bounty on your head, and me and Gabe have one each now. We can't risk our heads for him. If he cares, he'll send for you, won't he?"
Cas nodded, keeping an arm around Dean after introductions had been made. "He's in the nursery with his nanny. Hannah can take you there if you'd like. I'm sure Sam can swim through the politics of royalty without his wise wife." He pointed to Hannah along the wall, bringing Dean and Sam over to Michael and Lucifer. "Michael, Lucifer, this is my fiance, Dean, and his brother Sam."
Dean held Cas as he slept, letting his mind race. Would Cas really want to continue this after the wedding? Should Dean even let it happen before then? He didn’t want to anger Cain, especially since he owed the king his life. He could think more about this in the morning. He fell asleep holding the prince in his arms, a blissful smile over his face.
“You know how to summon a spirit?” He folded the page and stuffed it in his pocket, “Or do you need another month to find a ritual guide?” He rolled his eyes and started upstairs to prepare for the journey.
Dean had his arms crossed as he sat in the lobby area of the inn, watching Cain's affection with Cas. He had to talk to Cas. He had to tell him, show him, how sorry he was, how he regretted ever betraying Cas. He waited for Cain to retire to his room and made his way to Cas's room. He knocked quietly.
Cas rubbed his wrists as he buried his hurt feelings. “He said he was hungry, so I unchained him. That’s when he shackled me.” He looked down at his feet, lips puckered as he forced himself not to cry. “He won’t talk about the other rebels or their whereabouts. Let him rot until his execution.”
"If I were here to hurt you, well, I would've done it already." She turned back to Cas and crossed her arms. "That particular dagger won't work for you anyway." She glanced over the blade, "Not yet at least."
Dean tensed as the woman scraped his face, "Where is he then? That's all I want to know. We don't want to waste another beautiful woman, do we?" He forced a smile as she hovered too close to his body for his comfort.
"You really have a knack for saving people." Cas crossed his arms over his bare chest. "Now, you can do it professionally." He walked over to Dean, cupping his face between his soft hands.
Two thrones sat in the center of the room, one slightly duller than the other. In the shinier seat sat a red headed woman twirling a small blade between her fingers. Her legs hung over the arm of the chair. She grinned as Dean stopped a few feet in front of her and sat upright. "What has the cat dragged in today? A very scrumptious cut of meat?" She purred as she steadied her blade.
Dean shook his head, "No, baby. I'm going to stay here with you and your brother." He smiled and kissed her temple. After some time with Sam and Jess, explaining everything that happened, Dean settled Emma into bed with Henry. He left the two and went to find Hannah. She was pouring water over the campfires in the center of the camp. She stood when Dean approached, a thin pressed smile on her face. "Dean." She nodded to greet him.
Dean moved his hand to the back of Cas's head, that playful grin fading away. "Yeah, someone like me." He whispered back. The flickering candlelight highlighted Cas's blue eyes, and Dean took his chance. He pressed his warm lips against Cas's full pink lips. Cas froze as Dean pressed against him, mind spinning as he cupped Dean's face. As the two relaxed against each other, Cas hungrily explored Dean's mouth. He wanted to remember every detail of Dean: the slight taste of alcohol in Dean's mouth, the musk of earth and timber, the stubble along Dean's jaw. Cas whispered a whine as Dean pulled away. "Don't go... not now."
Dean stiffened as Cas reached in front of him. Why was he nervous now that he knew Cas wanted to be here with him? Cas turned back to Dean, leaning forward to press their lips together in a soft kiss. Dean felt his senses be overwhelmed with Cas: the sweet scent of roses in his hair, the seamless fit of their lips together. He tangled one hand in Cas's hair, the other pulling him closer by the dip in his back.
“And when you are as powerful as I am, an eternal youth spell is simple if you’re willing.” She grinned, “newborns were the hardest ingredients to find.”
