in advance is so it
“Thank you,” Castiel said as he slid up behind Dean, wrapping his arms around his waist and pressing up against his back, “for being here tonight.”
“Maybe I could draw the attention away from you by telling them I’m gay?”
Dean tried not to let it get to him, but watching Sam live the rich and popular life was hard sometimes. Especially when money was tight at his home. John didn't make it any easier. As far as John was concerned, Dean didn't exist, and he only had one son to support.
locked the locker room and turned off the water in the showers so Dean had to spend ten minutes looking for him to get access to his stuff again and to wash off.
and Cas.”
Before Dean could say anything to Benny, Coach told everybody to sit down and keep their mouths shut.
When a smile broke out on Luc’s face, Dean knew they were gonna get along just fine. It didn’t surprise him when the hand that gripped his was strong and firm. “Lucifer, but almost everyone calls me Luc. And don’t believe anything those two tell you, I always get blamed for everything.”
When Charlie and Jo came back to check on the boys, they pressed their ears to the door and tried to hear what was going on on the other side.
“Tell me Dean, are you okay with this? Because I am going to devour every inch of you, and I need you to tell me if you want this.”
Of course, Dean could go and complain to Crowley about how John was treating him, but he might as well go and try to find Santa Claus and ask him for a new dad. After all, as far as Crowley and John were concerned, Dean had gotten himself into this mess by changing Sam’s signature. Besides, Dean had never been one to complain to authorities.
"You just gonna stand there?" Dean asked, raising a brow at his brother before bending down to retrieve the socks he'd kicked off in the middle of the night from the floor.
“He’s in room two-oh-five, but you can’t go in there; he’s with a patient,” Jo was saying, her voice getting closer by the second.
Dean simply beamed back at him, his stomach flipping for a moment. “You sure know how to butter a guy up,” he murmured, but Castiel’s soft chuckle told Dean he’d heard him.
“Great! Now all we need is a code name. How about operation Dean’s-easy-sex-to-intimate-endless-love.”
After Castiel had left, Dean’s friends didn’t try to get him to talk about what had happened. They knew that wasn’t going to happen anytime soon. They all knew that Dean was he kind of person that needed time to work through his feelings before he was ready to talk about them. All they did was make sure that when he was ready, he knew they would be there for him. That what probably the thing Dean love most about his friends, they all knew what each other needed when something came up.
fixes itself. "Sam's running late."
“It sounds awful. I hope they are able to save the wounded.” Castiel shook his head solemnly. “But I am pleased I got to see my favourite doctor.” He gestured towards Balthazar.
“The sturdy kind that doesn’t mind the snow.”
“That’s because it
“Then I will pick you up here around seven,” said Castiel, and Dean was sure that the smile on his face mirrored the one on Castiel’s.
“Oh, you did, did you?” Balthazar teased, as he wrote on Castiel’s notes. “Doctor Winchester, and just about every other doctor in this hospital is dealing with a major incident.” He completed Castiel’s observations and wrote these down too.
“This job will break your heart if you let it,” Cas continued. “Compassion is nothing to be ashamed of, Dean. But on the same token, you can’t allow yourself to become too attached to everyone you care for.”
In place of the café review, the paper printed a three paged article about John’s wife and her newly remodeled kitchen. It even included a half paged photo of the couple. Mary never got closure, reason, or even an excuse from the food critic as he purposefully ignored every attempt she’d made at contacting him.
"I don't suppose I could convince you to look for a pair in the bottom drawer, could I?" Cas asked. Dean turned around to see Cas' eyes trained firmly on his ass, the heat evident in them.
"What's up, bitches?" called Charlie as she walked through the door. "Is everything ready?"
to show up?
Dean stopped briefly at the nurse’s station to check whether Doctor Novak was still a patient, and got the answer he was hoping for. Before he could get into the room though, he was once again ambushed by his annoying sister.
Dean continued to eat Castiel out with fervor, altering between long broad strokes and teasing prods of his tongue. Castiel’s legs began to twitch and shake as his breathing became erratic. Dean grinned as he gently scraped his teeth across Castiel’s rim.
Sam rolled his eyes fondly and announced, “Dinner’s ready.”
Doctor Novak popped a couple of pills in his mouth, washed it down with a bottle of water, and then settled back into the couch.
? Classic rock is about the moment!" He cranked up the volume and slapped Cas' thigh playfully. "C'mon, handsome! Belt it out!"
“You aren’t plotting something about Castiel again, are you?”
“Eileen would’ve wanted you to be happy, Sam. She would’ve wanted you to move on. Just because you are doesn’t make what you had with her any less special or important.”
Sam tossed the end to him, waiting for Dean to secure the rope around the base of the tree, the brothers working flawlessly to lift the tree to the top of the van. They secured it quickly, tossing the rope back and forth from each side of the vehicle. Just as they finished, the kids were racing towards the car.
“Mm hmm, he’s dreamy.”
“Dean,” Cas whispered.
As they sat down, Dean took a moment to run his hands over the cherry-red table made from the hood before letting his eyes wander around the place. After getting his fill, they finally settled on Castiel. “This place is awesome, Cas.”
“Oh! Well, thanks, I would, but you should get some rest.”
Since they had no idea if Castiel would even show up, they couldn't delay forever without Dean getting suspicious. If he figured out that they invited Castiel, and were in fact waiting for him, Dean was very likely to take off before Castiel even came.
You can’t say stuff like that and then not tell us about it!
on it. No surprise there. What
Castiel shook his head and kissed him once more. “Dean Winchester, I don’t think
it had been a long time since someone had deep throated him this well. Making it even better, Cas swallowed around him at the same time as he pushed a lubed finger into him to the hilt in one stroke. Dean almost sobbed with pleasure at the dual sensations. He bit his bottom lip as he fucked himself onto Cas’ finger, alternating it with thrusting his hips into Cas’ mouth.
“I’d love to.”
“Who knows? He probably had his head stuck in a book somewhere. That reminds me, I invited Castiel to join our ‘Daddy Issue’ club,” said Dean with his mouth half full.
“Shit,” Dean whispered, dropping away from Cas’ mouth to press a kiss to the center of his chest. “You feel so fucking good.”
“We... I… we arrived together,” Cas found himself admitting.
“You would think of all the names in the class he would remember yours, at least your last name since he has the same one!”
, because you never needed me in the first place!” said Charlie with a glare, crossing her arms tightly over her chest. “You're way too smart to need help, Sam. I’m not stupid. I think you only did this to get back at Dean.”
“God, Dean,” Castiel keened as he met his eyes, “you feel so good buried deep inside me.” Heat coiled deep in the pit of Castiel’s stomach. “So close, I’m so close,” Castiel panted as he ramped up his pace, chasing his orgasm.
Cas heaved a sigh and leaned back against the wall with his eyes closed. "I just had a really shitty day."
“Was there something you wanted or did you just come to annoy me?” Cas sighed, straightening the papers on his desk without giving them a glance.
Dean twisted his hands nervously, then reached out to straighten the plate of crackers and cheese in the kitchen island. Dean didn’t
Dean felt himself blush. “It’s been… a while,” he answered honestly. Dean flung the condom into the bedside trashcan and picked up the wrapper,  flipping it over. “Apparently, almost two years a while…”
Lucifer looked over the three of them like they were all beneath him, contemplating with a grimace on his face. After a few minutes and a “Hurry it up, we don’t have all day!” from John, Lucifer crossed his arms before he spat out, “I’ll take the chick!” He turned to the rest of his team, his back to Benny and Dean. As everybody knew would happen, Alastair called for Benny right after Lucifer picked Jo. The three of them exchanged glances, knowing Lucifer wouldn’t call Dean’s name even if he was paid.
“You two shouldn’t be allowed in the same room. Sam, relax. According to Dean, the pie was ruined when it came out of the oven,” said Cas, who had obviously taken pity on Sam.
They made quick work of re-writing Dean’s essay in the library, Charlie having spent Dean’s gym period pulling up resources and making an outline for him. It was probably a lot better now since Charlie was a genius when it came to research and she had been able to find a bunch of useful information. It was just before six when Dean and Charlie finally made it out of school. It was raining, just as Dean thought. The rain wasn’t all that bad, but it looked like it had been raining for a while since some puddles had started to form on the streets, especially in the corners where the drains were blocked. If they hurried, they would hopefully make it to Dean’s without getting completely drenched.
“Or... maybe Castiel is just pretending to like Dean. I mean, maybe it's like in Cruel Intentions and Sam and Castiel have a bet! Sam probably told Castiel to get Dean to sleep with him and then dump him in front of everyone,” said Jo. Dean would be so pissed if he ever found out that she put him in the female role in that movie...
! This was getting intense, but Castiel felt like he was trapped in Dean’s gaze, and he couldn’t break away. And honestly, he didn’t want to.
best friend is not coming because he promised to hang out with his
Dinner with Cas. His boss' boss. What kind of idiot went out on a date with his boss' boss? He palmed the steering wheel with both hands and willed down the rising lump of panic in his throat. Break it down. Hospital title aside, Cas was just a person, just like him, and dinner was just food. He liked Cas and he liked food. This was no big deal. He could do this. At least Cas didn't pick some swanky, stuffy place. He rolled his eyes at his reflection in the rear view mirror. "I'm a twelve-year-old girl."
After finishing hanging up his jacket, Dean moved forward a few steps so he would be standing next to Cas. Before he had a chance to introduce himself, Luc turned his gaze towards him. “So, you’re the guy who’s fucking my baby brother.”
Dean noticed that Castiel sent Charlie a slightly panicked look before saying, “Yeah, Gabriel and I were talking to Charlie yesterday and she mentioned you liked pie. Gabriel is always experimenting in the kitchen, so he offered to make one. He ended up making five before he was convinced he had made the best pie in the whole world.”
The names on all the angel ornaments glittered as the light from the tree hit them, right above where Claire, Ronald, and Gavin sat playing with their presents. It had been a special moment when all the family members had gathered around the tree to place their names. Gabriel had been determined that his family ornaments should be at the top, only he couldn’t reach it without standing on top of something, which meant every time he got down Michael or Lucas would move them down.
perfect.”
“Jeans,” Dean answered the unasked question. “My back pocket, the little travel packs you bought.”
“I’m a perfect gentleman, so how could I say no to that?” Castiel teased as he placed his hand on Dean’s lower back and guided him to the door. “Wouldn’t want you to get scared.”
He and Sam share a smile, then he’s pushing his way through the crowded ER in search of Jo or anyone else who can speed the x-rays along, feeling as though a weight has been lifted off his shoulders in spite of everything.
Dean pointed to the picture. “I assume that this is your brother Jimmy.”
“He sounds like he was a pretty amazing guy,” Dean answered back. “I think he is already proud of you, Cas.”
“You okay there, doc?” Dean was full of concern, and he gently put his hand on Castiel’s shoulder. He could have sworn he felt a spark of electricity at the touch.
“No.”
He knew Cas was right. His priority focus should be on the accident victims they were rushing around to get to and not on appearances of them arriving together. But when had timing ever been his strong suit? “No, you’re right. You’re right,” Dean agreed softly, feeling slightly embarrassed. What if Cas now saw him as being selfish and uncaring? Those weren’t the qualities a good doctor had.
“Who would’ve thought hanging out with our brothers would be more exhausting than work at the the hospital?” wondered Dean out loud as he made his way towards the bedroom, leaving a trail of clothes in his wake. Yes, he was absolutely exhausted, but in a good way.
“What?” Dean asked, confused. “How – I mean, I’m not dating one of my patients.”
As Gabriel and his family joined Anna on the floor, the only seat left was on the couch between Castiel, Claire, and Amelia. It was a tight fit, but since Claire was practically in Cas’ lap already, they made it work.
Sam didn’t care about Dean either, so why was he so worried all of the sudden.  Maybe it was because both Charlie and Castiel would be devastated if something happened to Dean? Then, in turn, they would’ve blamed him. Yeah, that must be it. No way was he worried about Dean.
“See!” Gabriel said as Castiel came back to take the seat beside him, “I told you he wasn’t dying or anything.”
“Than why are you laughing? I swear if you are going to be a jerk to him, I’ll never talk to you again.”
It became quite clear early on in the game that the other boys in the class were more interested in getting Dean in trouble then they were in winning. The only time Dean even came close to getting the ball was after Jo had stolen it from one of the guys and sent it over to Dean. He had been in the perfect position to score, and he knew he would have made the shot if Lucifer hadn’t run into him.
Shutting the book, Dean didn’t know what to think. Was this real? If it wasn’t...somebody had put a lot of effort into making it. But who would do that? And why? His stomach twisted with conflicting emotions, ones he didn’t want to put a name to.
. There went Dean’s hope of trying to keep this from his mom. Not that he ever stood a chance, his mom was a master of knowing when Dean was keeping things from her.
From the look of things, Lucas and Meg would probably be sound asleep on the couch if their son wasn’t so busy telling them about the crazy dream he had.
me, knows I’m gay. I just don’t shout it from the rooftops. If someone were to straight out ask me, I wouldn’t lie.”
The man nodded his head, cocking it to the side as he studied Dean for a moment. Dean found himself clutching the bag tighter. “Very well. Thank you.” Castiel reached out to take the satchel and then moved back from the door. There was a pause and Dean was half afraid Castiel would bid him good afternoon and the door would be shut before he could say another word. “Would you like to come in for some coffee?”
“Now, since we have a new student joining us today I will go over everything you need to know in this classroom again. First, I’m Missouri Moseley and I will be teaching you in this class. Second, I don’t tolerate any disturbances; you are here to learn, not to talk to your friends. Now, if you could all look at the drawing table…”
Dean had never seen anything more beautiful. He wanted to pull over right there, crawl into Cas' lap and kiss him senseless. Wanted to strip him naked, and take his time until Cas couldn't think of anything but him. Wanted to take him apart piece by piece.
Fine, two little lies, but it’s for the greater good. Now Castiel thinks Dean wants him there.
Dean removed one of his hands from Castiel’s hips in favor of wrapping it around his leaking cock. He began stroking to the same fast pace of Castiel’s hips, twisting his wrist every few upstrokes, causing Castiel to shake above him.
Dean did not want to go home and explain to his mom why he wasn’t at school, so he went to second place where he felt at home: Bobby’s backyard. More precisely, to his baby. He snuck into Bobby’s office and snagged the keys to the Impala, knowing Bobby wouldn’t be too upset as long as he didn’t take her off the property. He climbed into the front set, turning on the power, and shoved his favorite Led Zeppelin tape into the tape deck.
“Oh, great, so you’re saying Castiel is a devil in the sheets? Thanks, Charlie.” That was just what he needed. Her defeated sigh was the last thing he heard before drifting into a restless sleep.
“You mean the bookstore? It was the first place I went to after I moved here. I love it, it really makes me feel at home. I also like how the owner added a little coffee shop in there, not many bookstores do that. Why? You live near it?”
Castiel was completely dressed, his tie hanging loosely around his neck, but he sank down on the other side of the bed and reached for Dean’s hand, taking it in his own.
Dean kissed Cas on the cheek, before taking off his stained sweats. He bent down to pick up a dirty shirt to clean himself off, before heading to the dresser to look for a new pair of sweats to wear. He was fumbling in the top drawer of Cas' dresser when he heard Cas speak up behind him.
After getting Cas’ number, he spent every moment he could texting back and forth with him. But it didn’t matter how hard he tried -- Castiel wouldn’t budge! He couldn’t get anything out of the other boy about what he had planned for the weekend. By the time he went to sleep on Friday, he’d imagined about a hundred possible ways their date could play out.
Walking over, Mary ran a hand through his hair. “More than earned, but-” The ‘we can’t afford it’ went unsaid. “They’re not
Dean gasped, offended.
“Hey, Baby. Miss me?” asked Dean as he got comfortable in the driver's seat, even though he knew he wouldn’t get an answer. Some people talk to their pets, he just talked to his car instead. He knew he shouldn’t have run out of class and it was without a doubt going to bite him in the ass later. He just couldn’t take it anymore and needed to get as far away from his father and brother as he possibly could... which isn’t very far when you don’t have a car.
good at talking about stuff. Sure, okay, Dean. I could have just asked you.” Sam rolls his eyes and looks back at Cas in what Dean assumes is camaraderie, but Cas just looks away, clearly unwilling to get involved. Dean appreciates it but he’s not ready to let his anger go yet. Anger is safe, anger is still where he knows himself best.
“Do you remember,” he asks, “the first time you spoke to me?” His hand itches to reach over to his shoulder again, even though it hasn’t bothered him since Cas had showed up.
“Why?” he asks. Cas shrugs, and moves to run his fingers along the wall.
“I’ve never really had a space that was my own before,” Cas starts awkwardly, looking away from Dean. “But this felt right.”
He reaches for Cas’ hand again and pulls him up so they’re both standing. Cas comes up like it’s nothing, but his eyes are roving, searching Dean’s face for any sign of a lie for his sake. But Dean knows he won’t find anything. He’s telling the truth. Finally, Cas’ face eases into a small smile.
Dean frowns and examines the red-tinged splotches on the end of his pointer, not too bad. He turns on the sink and lets the cold water alleviate some of the burn. He rolls his eyes and looks over at the sizzling pan. Turning off the water, he picks up the spatula and glares down at the meat that’s crinkling at the edges, popping and sputtering with hot oil.
“No, no, we agreed, and she just thought now was a good time to do it.”
“Cas, you know I needed to hear you first, right?” The overhead light hits Cas’ eyes when he looks back up at Dean, and they’re so sharply, intensely blue that the word ‘ethereal’ shoots itself to the front of his mind. “I had to hear you,” he repeats. “Cas you’re an
“Whatever. You know about me n’ Cas, and it’s great, and we’re all fine and happy. End of story.”
Then came the day when it all came clear, and Castiel shifted. What else was there? As it turned out, there was an easy and comfortable and wonderful and magnificently divine reciprocation.
Sam jerked his head to look at him and laughed awkwardly.
“The meadow. Yeah. And the damn babbling friggin’ brook. This is basically it. Where I dropped Cas’ ashes.”
He thinks of Cas’ nail scratching against the table, digging in in a way that he wants to with his words, but can’t.
“Dean!”
“I’ve been thinkin’ that maybe we need to talk about what you said, and what I didn’t say.”
He hits the steering wheel once and grunts.
“Do you… want me to stay?”
“Sleep?” Dean replied, while his hand drifted softly over Cas’ face, covering his eyes. “Could you sleep?”
“Dean, this represents one of the happiest moments of my life. I rebuilt it because –” he breaks off for a second and furrows his brow, his eyes drop to the ground. He changes tracks. “I didn’t think it would cause you distress.” Then he grabs Dean’s hand and pulls him towards the windmill. “Let me show you what I’ve done.”
“Want some breakfast?” Cas asks.
Cas bites his lip again.
Raul comes up to the mat. Coach said to him, “Let’s go from yesterday’s set. Remember, shoulders as far from the ground as you can. Like a push up, right?”
“That’s so many questions!” Jack protests.
“Oh,” Castiel bit his lip, “I got a job at Cus’s.”
“Ah ha!” Ash laughed, “Two’s all ya got? Now really watch out, y’all.”
“Shit,” Dean hisses, “You’re cumming already?”
They make it to the parking lot and Cas follows Dean to his ride. He pops the trunk of the Impala to throw his duffle bag in as he hears Cas ask, “This is yours?”
Dean feels exhausted more than ever, “I was in Afghanistan a lot.”
Castiel was surprised that the wet, awkwardness of their tongues circling around and against one another could stimulate such a powerful response from him. Castiel’s hips thrusted again and Dean rode him like a wave.
Jack doesn’t look at Dean, “She died at childbirth. But I’ve met her. She left me a video recording telling me she loves me. Like she knew she wouldn’t make it… I watch it all the time. I miss her a lot.”
Friday’s arrival was a blessing and a curse. A reprieve from the stressful hell of daily high school routine. However, Friday also promised for a minefield of dreadful home life with endless chores.
He heard Castiel sigh heavily, cringing at knowing he’d picked the wrong answer. But Castiel continued the massage and the atmosphere lost a luster, feeling obligatory.
“What are you doing?” Dean asks in a husky voice. Cas takes the slick digits out of his mouth and slowly gets to his feet. Nose to nose with Dean, he cock pressing up against Cas’s bulge in his pants, he says, “Fuck me, Dean.”
Castiel cut himself off and inhaled sharply. He blinked and realized Dean had looked away. His chest went from feeling heavy to tighter than a knot. But Castiel couldn’t deny to himself that he  had meant every word.
Cas realizes it’s about that time that Dean rolls into town again. It’s been about two weeks since their encounter after Christmas (he’d stayed a couple nights, actually), and Dean has come to visit him once more since. Cas is getting the idea that Dean’s appearance can be expected every three weeks.
Two thin, full sized beds in a small area off an alcove bathroom; there was enough space for a box TV, table, and stained couch under a rectangular window with dull drapes. A couple of room keys were sitting on the dingy nightstand that slumped between the two beds. Dean’s brow wrinkled at the weird painting of snakes flying through the sky hanging in the tiny walkway.
Cas finishes Dean’s jeans and drags them down with his underwear over his hips and thick cock. Dean sighs and pushes away from Cas. Cas marvels as a naked Dean stands up at the edge of the bed. He strokes Cas’s upper thighs as he kicks off his pants and socks from his feet.
“What is it?” Castiel asked, forcing the voice out of his lungs.
“Asstiel!” a miserably familiar voice called. Castiel tensed, waiting for the inevitable storm.
Cas feels like a pile of mush as Dean comes back to life, pulling out and flipping Cas around. He doesn’t even put up a fight as Dean kisses him passionately. Cas’s arms merely drape over Dean’s sweat slicked shoulders, his opened shirt now slipped down to his elbows and somehow still there.
Castiel washed some dishes he needed, “I understand, but Coach Singer gave me the keys. Nobody can practice if I don’t go.”
Dean turns his face up to the darkened sky; it’s just barely misting now, and he closes his eyes as he allows the cold moistness to coat his exposed skin. He mindlessly puts his phone in his jacket pocket, allowing himself a moment of peace, when his knuckles bump into something inside of it. He pulls out a pack of cigarettes and his old silver zippo.
Castiel smiled and took Dean’s hand. Dean pulled him up and Castiel wavered for a moment as all the blood rushed to his head. He stumbled and Dean held on to his hand to help him steady himself. Castiel stood up straight and caught Dean’s eye, they both laughed. Dean let go of his hand and they walked along.
Dean and Cas slowly collapse to the floor, joining all the other objects, tangled up in one another. Connected at the mouth, they kiss and hold each other as their bodies make it to the ground.
Dean balked at the unconscious thought that had suddenly inflicted his mind. He felt his heart pound rapidly and his breath got short. This was stupid, it shouldn’t be a problem to share a bed with Castiel any more than any of his other teammates. Hell, he’d had to share beds with Sammy and plenty of others before too.
“But my test is
“Castiel, I’m sorry about everything I said before. I’m an asshole, guilty as charged,” Dean breathed with clarity against Castiel’s skin. Every syllable set Castiel’s nerves on fire. Dean continued, “But I’m here, like, bearing my soul to you now, telling you I really like you. And, well… How do you feel about me?”
Cas frowns slightly, “I’m sorry that happened.”
Dean’s head whipped back to gape at Castiel’s back as he walked away, but his sight was cut off by Ash throwing Dean’s singlet in his face.
Cas sighs deeply, “I remember. Why?”
Now that he thinks about it, Cas is pretty heavy in his sleep. He had figured in the past that Cas was just ignoring him so Dean couldn’t say goodbye by acting like he couldn’t wake up, but now he knows that he was just genuinely asleep.
Cas’s hands grip tight at the counter’s edge behind him. Dean’s arms wrap around his torso. Cas can’t admit to Dean that maybe there's a slight chance he needs him too. He won’t even admit it to himself. Last time he was vulnerable with Dean, he broke Cas’s heart.
suck…” Cas admits. He drinks half his beer, slams it down and exclaims, “And I hate that it sucks! Damn him to hell for making me worry!”
The door reopened and Dean mentally shoved that all aside, biting his lip and trying to act as  normal as possible. Castiel didn’t quite enter yet, though, as Dean heard another sound at the door. He didn’t have much time to process the noise as his attention focused on the approaching footsteps.
Dean’s cockhead hits the top of Cas’s prostate and his hand grips at Dean’s hair, “Oh, yes…”
Dean’s voice sounded like it was being ripped from his body, “I’m not good at this stuff, you know I’m not good at this stuff, but I don’t want to ever make you cry. I’m sorry, please don’t cry.”
Drex rushed off with Ash, and Castiel watched helplessly as his last two buffers walked away with a small tear in his eye. Castiel jumped as Dean started to say behind him, “So…”
Castiel gulped, “Yes, eight.”
Cas’s brow raises curiously, “What did you expect?”
Cas feels more unprepared for being this close to Dean than he did when they first reunited.
He felt more than looked ridiculous now, knowing very well that he could only really sleep on his stomach. His body was stiff as he tried to detect any signs of life across the bed. Nothing, Dean might as well be sleeping on his own.
Dean is slightly taken aback by Cas’s request, but he nods and gestures to his phone that’s charging at the port behind Cas. Cas gets it for him and hands it over. Dean is nonchalant as he unlocks it and scrolls through his photos. He doesn’t take a lot of pictures, so the evidence of the wreckage is fairly easy to find. Dean wordlessly lays the screen with the photo set in front of Cas on the counter.
“See you.”
Castiel was speechless. Sure, he always was fine with helping the coach, but something about the idea of helping Dean scared him deeply.
Dean flips Cas over roughly. Dean’s body is over Cas’s, pinning his limbs with his own before Cas can blink.
Dean thrusted down and slotted against Castiel’s cock again. Castiel gasped, and arched his back as Dean pulled away. Dean growled and bit Castiel’s lip too before he tested thrusting again. Castiel moaned and licked into Dean’s mouth.
“Thank you,” Castiel’s breathy voice said, bringing Dean back from his paranoia. Dean turned back to see Castiel pinching the hem of his jacket. His long, dark eyelashes were fanning over his eyes as he looked down, but they seemed to slowly slip up as Castiel peeked at Dean. Dean felt like someone had kneed his airpipe.
Cas and Benny never got along. Benny is just a trucker who frequently stays in Bootbock. There were one too many times Jody had to scrape his ass off the floor, too.
Dean cleared his throat, “Room’s a little bare, though.”
“Come on,” Dean got up with a grunt, steadied himself, and offered Castiel his hand, “We sure as hell can’t sleep here.”
Cas yelps in pleasure, fingers slipping against the counter’s edge as he somehow picks up the pace at Dean’s slap. He cocks his head to yell over his shoulder, “Yes! Yes, like that!”
This kind of shit only happens with Dean. Cas never does this, even when he was actively dating someone. He was always “ask before you kiss someone” and “tortoise wins the race” mentality. But that was all forsaken at the wild thoughts Dean had elicited in him. And now, he isn’t sure what he’s capable of. He doesn’t even know the means to the end of feeling those glorious lips against his, but he doesn’t care. And it seems Dean doesn’t either.
Dean’s arm reaches over and rifles through the mess of blankets for the forgotten lube.
Dean took a deep breath and looked at her with a smile, “Nuh-uh, I’m not answering more than one question.”
“Why were you at the school, Dean?” Anna asked innocently while portioning out the meals.
“Oh fuck, okay, um…” Jo stalled, “Argh! Top!”
Cas eagerly pushes back on his hard cock with agonizing slowness, feeling every inch of Dean spreading him out (he was much thicker than two fingers), not stopping until Dean was bottomed out.
“State! State! State!”
The sky was partly cloudy, and Castiel enjoyed watching the clouds move against the distant blue.
Castiel was only expecting it to be Dean and Ash, but out of all the people that could have shown up he was glad it was someone he knew from childhood. He smiled, “How’s Ellen?”
They both inhaled at the same time, their lips moving together. Castiel felt Dean’s tongue lick at his bottom lip, and a small noise escaped from Castiel’s throat.
“Yeah, well what is a big deal to you then, Dean?”
Dean closed his eyes and thought of that kiss until he fell asleep.
“So you take care of everybody?” Dean asked after Castiel paused to catch his breath.
! I swear to god, I am sooo ready for a drink!”
“Fuck that,” Dean ignored the screaming pain in his back as he forced his way back into Castiel’s space. He tried to push against Dean’s chest but didn’t seem to be putting any real effort into it. Dean just wanted Castiel close to him, looking at him, as he said his piece: “If you don’t want to be with me because you really don’t like me, then fine. But if it’s for this bullshit reason, then forget it. I’m not giving up on you like that.”
Jack shakes his head, spooning the surface of the cereal, “Biologically he’s more like my uncle, I guess?”
Another hour flies by - this time feeling like an eternity, as if he’s overslept and missed some important meeting - and Dean’s dead sleep comes crashing down on him at sharp, loud knocking. Dean’s heart is in his throat, jumping up and racing over to the door.
“Yeah, well you’ve always been the impulsive type. And god knows how unbearable ya are when you’re in love.”
Turning his hand with his fingers inside Cas so the hole is spread somewhat, Dean is quiet as he slides his cock against his lubed palm and up towards the fingers deep inside Cas. As soon as he feels his cockhead press up against Cas’s opening, the other man becomes aware too.
“Good,” Cas replies, and he means it with all his heart, “You piss me off too. I don’t want to hear your excuses.”
“Okay, let’s hear it then,” Castiel said, leaning back with a temper, “What’s so interesting?”
The sky shades from black and purple to a cascade of blues until it meets the harsh yellow lights of early morning sun rays. The stars are long gone, and the sun seems to race across the sky. The clouds that crawl across the canvas directly reflect these changing lights, until they are white and crisp against the light blue sky, casting their wide shadows over the rolling hills.
Dean drinks as a response.
Castiel stared at the asphalt passing below his feet, “I guess.”
chapter 2 playlist
To Cas’s credit, he is able to breathe through her question, although he’s not sure if the air really reaches his lungs.
“Ugh, same old overprotective mom crap,” Jo said with a heavy sigh, “I don’t get how you could homeschool a kid but then have them working in a
Dean takes a deep breath and Cas observes his pupils dilate. Dean pushes Cas into the edge of the countertop, “You look good. But you always look good.”
Dean can’t imagine trying to go back to sleep, doesn’t even try. He should hit the road about half past four anyway. He wonders why he’d even wasted the money to get a room.
Dean and Castiel moved forward to unload. As Castiel took a bag away from her, Jo caught his eye and she gave a big smile.
Cas’s hand reaches to stroke the top of Dean’s head as he pushes his mouth down further. His mouth is wet and hot around Cas’s cock, sliding up and down until it hits the back of his throat. Cas’s brain drains of blood as it all rockets south.
Cas bites his lip, reading Jack’s sad countenance. He asks gently, “Can I come in?”
Cas bites his lip and moans, “Ah, you fucking…”
“Here, I can give you a massage-”
There’s a brief pause in time when Cas and Dean just exchange intense gazes upon one another. Then, Cas’s fists clench Dean’s shirt, Dean moves in, and their lips press against each other’s.
“Stop teasing me, Dean- Nn!” Cas groans as Dean’s fingers find the base of Cas’s cock.
“So, still working at a rundown diner, huh?” Dean says from behind him conversationally.
Jo rolled her eyes and looked over to Castiel, “God, these guys. So immature.”
He rolled his eyes but snorted at Ash anyway. He was a funny guy, but he didn’t know how true his comment rang for Dean’s life back with Sam and Dad.
Everybody was still staring at him, so Castiel said to fill the space: “I think I’m starting to feel something.”
Castiel bit his lip, “Okay…”
The attack didn’t hurt as much as it provoked Castiel.
The door swung ajar and a strobe light was the only illumination to a completely nude Ash who pressed his face and body to the opening. All three of them huffed and moved their eyes away from Ash uncomfortably.
Dean swallowed thickly at the unexpected question. He found his voice, “Yeah?”
Castiel had to choke down a call for mercy. He couldn’t begin to comprehend why he enjoyed the tender pain so much, but he’d abandoned the idea of trying not to wriggle under Dean.
Castiel and Dean caught their breath. Dean suggested a neutral position. Castiel agreed.
The other man stays behind and gestures to Cas, “Another coffee over there, please.”
Dean’s breath was silent, his hands faint as they nursed Castiel’s wound carefully. But Dean’s voice was anything but gentle as he said, “I don’t care about that.”
Cas moans into Dean’s mouth that produces a growl from the other man, having him pushing Cas against the wall behind him.
Cas moves his head up to kiss Dean, but he notices Dean doesn’t close his eyes nor reciprocates fully. Cas feels his heart skip as Dean pulls back out, then back into him at the same shallow depth.
Anna didn’t look over to him, “Soon.”
“Evening, Cas!” Raul called, waving as they approached him.
Dean helps with that, “Nice place. Not really what I expected, but… It’s nice.”
Cas’s taut smile doesn’t relax as he hisses under his breath, “Get the fuck out of here.”
Dean gives a small chuckle. Cas’s eyes dart back to him. Dean shakes his head, his arms wrap around Cas’s waist as he says, “You’re such a bad liar.”
The locksmith finishes and leaves their invoice with the new set of keys. Dean is appreciative that she was a quiet and efficient worker, because he was not in the most chatty mood. He's more than happy to fall back on the couch after locking the door after her.
Castiel looked back to Dean as he felt two fingers hook underneath his singlet bundled at his waist. Sparks flew through the half inch of space between Dean’s lukewarm fingers and Castiel’s blood hot cock.
“With me?” Dean’s voice sounded alien to him.
The days at the diner and with Jack came and went. Going through the earliest memories of Dean and Cas’s relationship during his daily breaks or while trying to fall asleep became as routine as the most methodical day could get.
Cas hums in protest, but Dean’s mouth is so soft and the kiss so passionate that Cas melts and stops resisting. His own hands, which had been idle at his side, come to life of their own fruition and lightly touch Dean’s skin. Dean’s arms squeeze Cas and his knee comes up to slot between Cas’s legs. They kiss and Cas can’t remember the last time he’s felt so cherished through something as simple as a kiss.
Claire sighs heavily as she unloads the dishes, “Kind of busy here!”
Castiel shook his head, allowing Dean all the ammunition to shoot him down, “I thought you didn’t like her.”
“Night.”
The time was flying towards ten-thirty and Castiel tied his last laces. He stood and made sure his bedroom door was locked before turning to the window. He opened the latch, perched himself on the edge of the windowsill, and braced himself for what the night would bring.
“Hey, did you hear about the new kid at Sonny’s?” Anna asked after a moment of silence.
Cas looks upon his son emphatically. He recognizes his pain, and realizes it’s better for Jack to know his whole past. Cas and he had always been clear on the basic dynamics of their unique family relationship. However, Cas had saved Jack from some of the more grizzly details…
“Hi,” the person greets, startling Dean back to life. He closes the mouth he realizes is gaping wide as the person continues through chewing, “Are you the locksmith?”
“Keep your voice down,” Cas whispers harshly, ignoring the blush spreading on his cheeks, averting his eyes to look around the diner cautiously.
Cas began to ask, “Why-”
Dean’s breath hitches and his hand that was at Cas’s thigh reaches down below Cas’s ass cheek, thumb lightly touching his rim where the plug’s end is stuck. Dean sucks in his breath and exhales harshly, “Jesus fucking Christ, Cas.”
“Are you asking for twinkies? It’s a little early, but I think we have some,” Jack turns away and heads towards the kitchen.
Cas clenches, but quivers an exhale and relaxes once more. Dean pulls his fingers out of Cas, moving his arm back around the man so their chest and back are pressed to each other again. The movement makes Dean cockhead push past Cas’s rim. Cas loses his breath, shaking in Dean’s arms. He bites Cas’s ear as the sensation of being inside Cas starts to take him over.
Castiel watched as Dean got into neutral position. Castiel’s brow furrowed, “What are you doing?”
Dean had seemed to be able to qualm that little open wound up until now. He drinks more.
The first night of practice had been a wreck; everybody did matches, but the night was short lived. On the second night, Castiel had come early. Once everyone had arrived, he suggested freeform warm ups. After that, he thought they should pair up, practice, cool down, and leave at their leisure. The night went over very well, and every night after had gotten better.
He dares to glance over and sees that Cas is staring at the Impala with an unreadable expression. There’s a silence that Dean is about to take as a no when Cas shrugs and says, “Sure.”
“There he is!” Dean’s voice calls.
The tension snaps and Cas cums with a crash. He can hear Dean behind him, his voice stuttering as his hips twitch.
Cas bites his lip, realizing that Dean had been serious about seeing him again.
“Will you stop sulking and go home already?” Hannah snaps at Cas.
Dean hadn’t even thought Castiel was in the room as well, and a wave of nauseous embarrassment washed over him. He managed to groan out, “Oh, no. That’s okay.”
They got to the corner of the patio where Castiel had shimmied down the pillar earlier. Dean crouched and interlaced his fingers, but he wasn’t looking at Castiel anymore. Castiel worried slightly, but approached Dean and put his hand on his shoulder as he placed his foot into the hands. Dean gave a heave, and Castiel reached up with both hands, able to grab onto the ledge of the roof with the extra boost.
Castiel first gingerly patted his head injured. He hissed at the sting of the wound. He reverted to just blindly plucking at the grass and twisting at the blades between his fingers.
“I-” Cas swallows his words as Dean’s hand moves from his neck to tug at the back of Cas’s hair. He starts to vigorously thrust in and out of Cas. Cas’s spent cock is still hard and drooling over Dean’s hand.
Castiel didn’t look at Dean’s face, but he did as Dean asked. Still holding the bag of peas to his other eye, Castiel scooted sideways and laid down, gently setting his head against Dean’s thigh. He was still so suspicious of Dean’s motives, but he decided not to question him further for the time being.
“Well, like you did with Raul when he first started,” Coach Singer continued, “Would you be able to stay after for a couple hours? Dean’s already agreed to put in the time.”
Dean’s brow furrows seriously, arms stiffening around Cas. His voice lowers, “You think it’s easy for me? To face you like this?”
“Do you feel that?” Dean whispered in a voice that sent blood pumping south for Castiel, “If you don’t then just call me crazy, but I mean- Come on, you feel that, right?”
Castiel froze, “Um. This is actually my bed.”
So Dean made the rounds, hanging with Asmod and his gang just as much as he was seen with all his classmates; except Castiel. Dean and Castiel avoided each other in equal amounts, and Castiel was relieved.
Castiel didn’t know, he was doing all he could to just not start crying. He felt a lot of things, but he didn’t know how to communicate it all. He missed Dean, but he was mad at him; the anger itself was a complicated beast.
“Didn’t you hear?” Naomi replied for him while returning to Samandriel with a small plate of kid food, “Dean had detention.”
Castiel and Dean sat in comfortable silence. Castiel watched the evening sun’s rays hit the water as it ran by. The light that sparkled off reminded Castiel of Dean’s eyes from earlier, so close and focused. This had become Castiel’s favorite place, and it would never be the same without Dean. Castiel wished that they could stay here, watching the river together, forever.
He shuts his mouth tight, taking deep, struggling breaths of stale motel air through his nose. He stares at the pillow below him, soaked with sweat. That goddamn dream again...
As Dean has spent time with Cas again, all his memories seem to be polished and bright. He particularly remembers how Cas would look in history class, his desk a couple rows to the left of Dean, a few desks up. He suddenly recalls all the details, like he’s there again. Castiel always got lost looking out the window… The sunlight arrives from behind a cloud and illuminates the short, wild, windblown tufts of his deeply dark brown hair.
“No!”
“I already am,” Cas’s rough voice falls out, pushing up into Dean’s abdomen with his hips.
Castiel had heard the gym door open before Ash’s voice, but the noise had set his heart so alight that he acted as if he hadn’t noticed. He only turned to see Ash, Drex, and Dean walk in as Raul and Jervis turned too.
Castiel released the pressure, and Raul pushed him off before Castiel could get up. Coach Singer gave Raul some advice about the play that had just happened. Castiel patiently stayed on the mat, already knowing what was coming next. And just so, Coach Singer called up Drex to match Castiel with a neutral position.
Cas is not happy.
Jack nods, turning to go. Cas takes a deep, levelling breath and comes to the customer.
Castiel blinked and as his mind returned to the group. He blinked at them, “About?”
He pressed the peas harder against his eye, trying to fight back the frustration swelling in his mind. He heard Dean sigh, “But an underclassman. So innocent.”
Cas gets up and helps Jack as Hannah and Bart arrive to prep the kitchen. For years and years it’s been the same song and dance, and it doesn’t take any of them long before Cas turns on the open sign. The diner isn’t much, but respectful, and the only one in the small town. And it was Cas’s… Although he didn’t always want this, he’s glad that he has it now.
Dean’s fingernails dig into Cas’s skin and his tongue pushes roughly into Cas’s contracting hole. His tongue fucks in and out of Cas for a few pumps. It’s enough to break Cas, eliciting regular moans from him. Dean pulls out suddenly and spits again before flattening his tongue against the rim. Cas moves his hips in tight circles around Dean’s tongue.
Dean blinked against the onslaught of daytime and winced at an acute knot in his lower back. He soon forgot the pain, though, as he rolled over and his eyes caught sight of the Castiel standing over him, staring blatantly.
“Dude! Seven is heaven! Last person to-” Ash was laughing so hard he had to take a break from his words, “Last person to raise their hands drinks!”
Dean didn’t say anything. Castiel looked up, suddenly extremely concerned that maybe he’d angered Dean somehow.
Their heavy breathing synchronizes as Dean starts to move in and out of Cas. At first, he tries to move all the way out, but Cas quickly bends over more to chase him. Dean huffs and grabs Cas’s wrists, holding them above his head against the wall. He presses harshly into Cas, which elicits a moan, and Dean hissing lowly against Cas’s ear, “You fucking bastard. How can you feel this good?”
Dean’s countenance remains the same, despite Cas’s insult. Cas bites his lip and looks back up at the ceiling.
Dean looks away, ignoring his rising blush. He knew it had been a mistake to confide in Bobby that he’d reunited with Cas. He’d been kind enough to exclude the nitty gritty, but unfortunately that didn’t leave much else to tell. Dean had merely said it was casual, that he was just going with the flow and enjoying what he could. Bobby thought it was straight up weird.
“Claire!” Amelia scolded, getting a huff and an eye roll that Dean was sure Amelia knew was happening, despite Claire facing away from her.
Dean, if Charlie kills you can I have your music collection.
“So do
“It’s nothing, really. Castiel and I are just hanging out after school.”
“Did you just say that John is the one who is going to be in charge off all of the athletic programs? There must be something we can do to get you out of that. I can call the school tomor—”
want to know all about Castiel – where he worked, what he did for fun, what were some of his quirks – he felt comfortable letting the conversation happen naturally.
“Aright, thank you,” said Castiel, walking back towards Gabriel who had stayed seated, but close enough that he heard what she’d said.
Dean nodded. “I get that. What happened?”
Ignoring the pang in his heart that the imagery caused, he got up and put on a pair of comfy sweatpants, deciding to forego boxers and a shirt for the time being.
"Dean-o! Sam-a-lam! Thought you two had fallen back asleep!" Gabriel greeted them, grinning wide. "Though I was going to have to break out my rendition of Dominic the Donkey!"
Cas pulled off his dick with an obscenely loud pop, and with a thin strand of spit still connecting his swollen lips to Dean, he leaned forward and plunged his tongue deep into Dean’s mouth in a dirty parody of a kiss. Cas pulled out his fingers and before Dean had the time to even mourn their loss, they were replaced by his thick cock, sinking into him in one fluid motion. Fuck! The guy felt much thicker than the three fingers Dean had just been stuffed with. He had never felt this full before and keened loudly as his back arched in pleasure. Cas pulled Dean’s legs down to rest his knees on the crook of his arm. The position left Dean spread open and vulnerable to Cas’ gaze and fuck, did it turn Dean on even more.
“Cas…” he clears his throat.
“We will see. Think you will be willing to share her when that time comes?”
“Yeah,” Charlie nodded and shifted the book slightly on the table before pushing it away and sitting up straighter, “I don’t remember what I was trying to say before your phone rang but I think I might have figured out what we can do to get your grades up. We have a pair project coming up, I’m pretty sure I can get Donna to pair us up. I have done it a few times before, I can probably do it again.”
to be on a friendly terms with Sam, he just couldn’t believe that Sam would ever allow it to happen. And if,
“Dude,” Sam snapped finally, slamming the mouse down hard enough to make Dean jump, “what the hell are you so nervous for?”
“A major incident? What happened, and why was I not informed of it?”
(See the end of the chapter for
of any kind. “No, I’m good. Besides, no chick-flick moments! Come on, lets get something for you to eat,” said Charlie as she passed Dean and went down to the kitchen. They ended up watching some random show on TV for an hour, Dean eating an unhealthy amount of pizza rolls, before Charlie said she had to get going.
Right before they arrived at Dean’s house, Castiel interrupted Dean, who had been telling Castiel about which teachers were fun and which weren’t. “Dean I have a confession to make. I know nothing about cars. The only reason I said something about the Impala, is because Jo told me that if I wanted to get you to like me, that was the easiest way. I’m sorry, I tried to trick you.”
Dean moved with him, rolling his hips up every few strokes, his fingernails pressing almost painfully into his thighs. Castiel hoped he’d have marks to remind him in the morning. He shifted his weight, moaning loudly at the perfect pressure the new angle provided, and Dean swore beneath him, his eyes fluttering closed for a moment.
Coffee Dean could do, and truth be told it would probably calm his nerves - he hadn’t had a panic attack like that in years, not since the accident with Eileen. Coffee was safe, and he already knew Cas’ Keurig made coffee fool proof, so at least he wouldn’t fuck that up, too.
wanted to dig into was the ‘definitely’ on the wife. Bad divorce? Not interested in marriage? Or not interested in the wife part of it?
Dean opened his mouth, but Sam continued. “Their parents are still married, too, so I doubt that’s an option. They do have a cousin, Anna, perhaps? But she’s up in New York…”
“That must be nice,” Dean said with a laugh. “Sam and I take a few days off, but we’re on call for any emergencies that might happen. What do you do for work?”
“Stay,” Dean whispered as he reached over and threading his fingers with Castiel’s. “Stay the night.”
Sam winks at him and gestures behind him. There, in line, are Cas' and Dean's family and friends. Like Sam, they're all holding signs and tulips. "Sam? What's going on?"
there would be bruises there come morning. But in Dean's defense, Castiel was riding him like a porn star, and all he could do was hold on for the wild ride. Dean let out another groan as he gripped tighter and thrust upwards, hitting Castiel’s prostate over and over, drawing the most decadent gasps and moans from his lover’s lips.
The worst thing was probably the fact that Sam must have told everyone he knew about Dean being gay. For the last day and a half, Dean must have been called every name in the book. Of course he had been called that in the past, too, but it was worse now. Before, they had just said it to make fun of him. Now, however? Now they meant it.
“I came from that end,” Castiel offered when Dean cocked his head, asking which direction they should go to.
It's all come down to this moment, and now… Now he's fucking
Dean was grateful for a second to be interrupted from his own thoughts, until he recognized the voice.
“No,” Castiel shook his head, reaching up to touch the side of Dean’s face and lead him into a kiss, “it’s okay. I would rather have him here than at Ruby’s house. I don’t trust that woman.”
“It’s okay, Benny and Jo filled me in on what was going on.” Castiel gave him a reassuring smile. “Just so you know, Ash is a little mad that he is always the last to find out about everything,” he added to try to lighten Dean’s mood.
Amelia immediately scolded Claire and Dean turned in alarm as he felt the bed shaking. Behind him, Castiel was laughing, the sound muffled by Dean's body before he pulled back and full on belly laughed.
Dean gave a small laugh and closed the distance between them, pressing his lips to Cas’ and pulling him closer in favor of answering. As Castiel kissed him back, deepening their kiss, Dean knew Castiel didn’t mind the silence one bit.
Claire had not been impressed when she found out that Dean’s name wouldn’t be on the tree. Therefore, a great gingerbread competition was held for the best Sam and Dean ornaments. Lucas and Gabriel’s were immediately disqualified on the grounds of being inappropriate for a Christmas tree or too heavy because of all the candy on them. In the end, Claire pick the one Cas made Dean and the one Dean had made of Sam. And if his ornament just so happened to be slightly taller than Sam’s, it was too late to do anything about it by the time Sam noticed.
- Supernatural -
“And that’s definitely apparent from the hideousness that’s currently ruining my life in your oven,” Dean fired back, then blinked before a smile cracked over his mouth. “That was just a little bit dramatic, wasn’t it?”
“What memo?”
Of course, all the other boys except for Benny cheered him on.
On Saturday morning, he woke up two hours before his alarm was supposed to go off. After tossing and turning, wide awake, in bed for the next half hour, he finally gave up on trying to get more sleep. When he sat up, he couldn’t help but cringe when he noticed the complete mess that was his room. There were clothes everywhere. Not that he was surprised... he’d pretty much emptied his entire closet last night trying to find something to wear. Normally he would’ve just asked Charlie to pick something for him; he’d even tried to call Charlie five times last night, willing to tell her everything if she would just came and help him, but she never returned any of his calls. He eventually found out from Jo that Charlie had some tutoring thing that she had to attend.
was a lot of help when it came to the medical stuff so I couldn't have done this without her.
naked men so much was beyond Dean. And he was not going to ask since he wasn’t sure he wanted to know the answer. With a little maneuvering, he ended on his stomach in the center of the floor with the girls on either side of him and the magazine open in front of them.
“And... you have first hand knowledge?”
One wrong move and it could all come crumbling down. What if the guy hated him? Or worse, he was some health freak that didn’t like his pie? That wasn’t totally out there, he was dating Sam after all... Knowing his luck, he’s probably given the guy a super embarrassing prostate exam or something and dinner will be nothing but awkward.
“She’s nine,” Castiel answered, nodding his approval at the tree. Dean, however, could see the large bald spot in the back and shook his head, shoving it back into line.
A loud ringing interrupted what Charlie was saying.
Cas moaned a soft 'Dean' in his sleep, and unconsciously spread his legs wider, but didn't wake up. Letting go of one of Cas' legs, Dean pulled up one of his hands up to Cas' hole, and pressed the pucker as hard as he could without actually slipping his finger inside.
"God, please, no," Claire moaned from her spot near the end of the table, dramatically letting her head fall to her plate and making it clatter against the table. Beside her, Amelia hid her smile behind her mug of coffee.
“Winchester!”
“Out of the blue, my ass,” muttered Jo, rolling her eyes.
Castiel smiled and shook his head. “Doctor patient confidentiality has taught me how to keep a secret, Sam.”
Five minutes before closing, Dean’s feets could be seen sticking out from under his beloved car when Castiel and Bobby walked in.
“Ugh. Just- don’t make me see anything like this morning again.”
“What is this place?” asked Dean as he surveyed the place through the windshield.
“The shop closed more than an hour ago,” said Dean with a chuckle as he started cleaning up on the table. “My mom is still in the back but everyone else is long gone.”
“You’re right, honey. You go to bed and I will go to bed soon, don’t worry. Do me a favor? Try not worry about John or Sam too much. I’m sure it will be fine and if something happens, just let me know, alright?” Mary said with a smile, only continuing after receiving a quiet, “Yes, Mom,” from Dean. “Now go and get some sleep, honey!” She kissed the top of his head before she took the glass she had been drinking from to the kitchen to clean it.
“No,” Amelia said softly, a smile on her lips. “That’s not what he would’ve done.”
When it looked like Sam was about to object, Castiel quickly said, “Sam, just go. Gabriel can you go with him please?” Dean hadn’t even noticed everyone else. Gabriel and all of his friends, except Ash who could sleep through anything, were standing on the other side of the door with worried expressions on their faces.  He wasn’t all that surprised that they had shown up after Cas yelled at Sam...
He was going to get fired - because that’s what happens when you can’t keep it in your pants. What if the sex was bad, anyway? Cas could just pull the trigger, say the word, and Dean would be out a job, and he worked hard for this. And Dean’s no good at the whole commitment thing anyway, what if Cas wanted more- expected more- and it wasn’t with Dean? Why would Cas even want him around the hospital at that? Green eyed fuck-boy is just about all he is, anyway.
Dean had passed out right before they pulled up to the hospital, and he’d been rushed in as soon as they got there. After trying to answer as many questions as they could about what had happened, they were asked to take a seat and wait. They had been waiting there for any news regarding Dean for an hour now and to say that Castiel was anxious was an understatement.
you can’t have any until after dinner. Dean, you have a brother,
“Not even a little bit,” Castiel confirmed, a smile on his lips.
It didn’t take Dean long to find the burger he wanted, a bacon burger loaded with onion rings. The only problem was, Dean didn’t want to have onion breath for the rest of the night. That would probably ruin his chance of getting to kiss Castiel sometime this evening.
“That depends on what you mean by here. I’m on my way back home from a business conference and I saw you called about twenty times. Is everything alright?” she asked with slight worry in her voice. “If you’re looking for Dean he’s not with me.”
“Mr. Winchester, have a seat, I don’t have all day,” said Crowley impatiently. Sam quickly took a seat and crossed his hands in his lap. “Finally! Now why don’t you tell me where you were last evening?”
“Thanks, boy! Sometimes I don’t know that I would do without you.”
“It doesn’t matter. Let’s just go!” said someone, it might have been Alistair, but at this point Dean couldn’t tell.
"I don't know brother. The Golden boy probably asked him to come," answered Benny. But when Dean looked over at Sam, he looked just as shocked at John being there as everyone else.
, the name itself was different, but it was a face Dean would never forget.
Balthazar left his room with a wave, and Castiel sighed as he contemplated doing nothing for a while. Maybe he would use this time to think about Doctor Winchester and his green eyes - at least that wouldn't exert him too much, would it?
All the lights in the house were off except one in the living room. Which could mean two things, either his mom was up waiting for him, or she had already gone to sleep and left one for him knowing he would be home late.
“Uhh, umm... nothing important,” answered Charlie, shrugging for effect, and Dean was fairly certain she was lying to him.
Sam snapping a cold, “Fine. See you when you get back,” before hanging up brought Charlie out of her thoughts. She refocused on the page before her and didn’t stop
On the weekend, he worked at his uncle Bobby's Salvage yard. He would help him in the garage, fixing up cars that came in, and in his spare time he worked on his baby. His baby was a ‘67 Chevy Impala that he found in the back of the yard one day. It was love at first sight and she became his pride and joy.
On the bedside table next to him was a glass of water, a bottle of painkillers, and a note in his mother’s handwriting saying, “Shout, when you wake up!”
Dean snorted and shook his head, shifting his weight as he pressed the saw deeper into the trunk. “Almost…” he muttered, giving a few more strokes before the saw cut through the end. “Perfect,” Dean said as he straightened, stretching his back before smiling at Cas. “She’s ready for the stand now.”
Dean sighed, scowling with it sprayed a fine dusting of crumbs over his chest. Charlie, thankfully, pretended she didn’t noticed and hid her smirk behind another loud crunch.
With a laugh, Benny pointed to his closet and said, “I threw it under the closet when I noticed Jo, it should still be there. It’s all yours brother if you can get it. Back then, I thought about trying to get it and give it to you as a “welcome out” present, but it didn’t seem right so I didn’t bother trying to get it.”
“You think that’s what you want, but you’ll figure out that I’m poison, Sam,” Dean whispers, eyes downcast.
have money left for food. She even entertained the idea of saving enough up to get Dean a new computer, a brand new one, a thanks for all of his help.
“It’s not running away if I never show up!” Dean muttered his argument, resisting the urge to roll his eyes. He had been dreading this moment ever since he found out that John would be taking over the class.
Before Dean could even reach the school on Monday morning, The Golden Trio had gotten in his way. Lucifer and Alistair quickly got a hold on Dean that he couldn’t get out off and dragged him behind a work shed that was on the school grounds. Sam followed behind looking like he was on top of the world. After Dean had received a few well placed punches in the stomach from Alistair, Sam told him to stay away from his best friend or he would make Dean regret it. Then Sam turned around and walked away.
- Supernatural -
“Why don’t you let me ask the questions here,” Principal Crowley said with his trademark smirk, “now where were you?”
“I ate it! Get your mind out of the gutter.” He gave Charlie a pointed look before turning back to the closet. “Aha, got you!” yelled Dean as he pulled the magazine far enough out so he could pick it up. “Hello, sexy!”
Dean stopped in the doorway, dead in his tracks. His clipboard made a loud clanking noise against the frame, but he was frozen, unable to do anything but stare into the face that contained eyes of the bluest blue that ever blued. That, combined with the guys' messy sex hair and his jaw… and lips… And, you know what, even the guy’s
"Hey! It was Charlie's idea, not mine!" Jo exclaimed at the same time Dean called out, "They did what?"
“Yup!” said Mary, who, to Dean’s relief, had calmed down some. “And after I was able to puzzle together what happened, I told him to go screw himself and hung up. Then I called your school and told them what happened.”
boyfriends? Early morning handjobs and blowjobs, maybe taking a shower together and washing each other off- it would start off innocently but eventually turn into shower sex because they couldn’t keep their hands off each other. It had been a long time since Dean had been in an actual relationship, and a part of him was feeling lonely and missing the companionship that accompanied a long term relationship. Despite what image he projected to everyone, he was a sappy romantic at heart.
Everything is quiet for a second as both brothers stare at each other, and then Sam laughs. He laughs really hard, and the more he laughs, the more annoyed Dean looks, which just sets him off again. When he’s finally able to control himself, he rubs his temples with this stupid grin plastered on.
here?”
Bobby nods and swipes at his eyes. "Good. Didn't wanna have to hide a body in this weather."
"Move the right side of the
He didn’t even have the energy to walk around the bed to the unkept side he’d claimed as his own, so he just climbed onto Cas’ neat and tidy side, and face planted in the middle of the bed.
“Cas,” he all but whined, looking frantically over his shoulder and scowling at the look his boyfriend gave him, “you just don’t understand. My crust is
“Sure you don’t! I haven’t seen you smile so much since a certain someone started school. Now spill, what happened?” demanded Charlie from across the table, not offended by Dean’s bad table manners.
Sam snorts and Dean breaks into a grin. “Yeah, well. Don’t make it necessary again, dumbass.”
“Just tell me you two finally ‘sealed the deal’,” Balthazar prompted quickly.
Castiel huffed a small laugh as his eyes flickered down to the speedometer then up to Dean with a quirked brow. “Eager, are we?”
- Supernatural -
“Um… Okay, call for x-ray, I want two view of his chest and abdomen, lets get one of that leg. Did he hit his head?” Dean glanced over and saw Jo and the nurse shaking her head. As far as they knew, no head trauma. Dean shook his head, “We can get a head CT afterwards, if we need one. I don’t think it’s necessary now. Let’s see if we can find out what we’re working with.”
The next month and a half went by quickly. As Castiel and Dean grew closer, Sam and his friends continued to leave Dean alone. That was until the day after Sam found out about Dean and Cas’ relationship... but that had been expected.
Jo saw through him, though, because of course she would after having grown up together and all. There was a beat before she laughed and Dean tried not to wince. And really, have mercy, it's not really fair that everybody knew about his “thing” for the intellectual-type. Equal opportunity or not, he enjoyed people for their brain. And if it just so happened that maybe he's had a couple of flings with another doctor or two... Okay, and maybe the one professor back in grad school... and Lisa from pediatrics... But, it wasn't his fault she quit after he broke things off – she wanted a father for her kid, and to Dean she was just... bendy.
Castiel was silent for a moment, then sighed. “She’s not picking up. I just sent the gang a message that I need to talk to Mary. Hopefully someone gets back to me soon... If not, the hospital must have her number.”
"You wanna take a look for yourself?" Coach Turner snapped as he handed Sam the sign-up sheet. At the bottom of the sheet, where Sam had originally written his name, was now
“Of course! I couldn’t let my bestie go home to wall alone, now could I? What kind of Sam would I be.”
"Thank you, Sam-a-lam! Kali wouldn't let me add rum to the batter, but-"
“Other son? What are you talking about? Sam would have told me if he had a brother.” Castiel looked confused. Dean couldn’t tell if he was hurt by the fact that Sam hadn’t told him or if Cas thought that Dean was lying to him.
you? He’s your brother! I actually thought you were different than your asshole friends, but it turns out you’re just like them.”
“Somehow I think calling us the Scooby gang is going to help in the long run,” said Jo. “Let me just get some of my knives and--”
Castiel smiled, but it was tired. “Yeah, okay. Let me get these boxes into the garage.”
“Now most of what I found out about him, I found out from Sam Winchester’s page. The two of them have been friends for a
But, back to the problem at hand. Although he felt happy that Sam had been able to move on with his life, and was overjoyed at being with Cas, he’d just said yes to a double date. A double date with Sam and his boyfriend, who just so happened to be his boyfriend’s brother, who happened to be the boss of Dean’s boss. He already had a headache.
and shut off the engine. He sat there staring at the Mexican flag fluttering in the wind. He'd been barely able to contain his excitement this morning. Now, he wasn't so sure. Maybe this wasn't a good idea after all.
“Eileen was my fiancé, before I met Luc, obviously,” Sam supplied at Castiel’s expression. “She was… she meant everything to me.”
Sam grimaced and replied, “There isn’t enough brain bleach for that, jerk. I’ve seen more of you than I ever wanted to see.”
“No, they are all idiots, just in a different way. Jimmy was the only slightly decent one and that was mostly because of Amelia,” said Castiel with a chuckle. If the lack of noise around him was any indication, he must’ve gone upstairs to his bedroom in order to speak with him in peace and quiet.
When Sam was close enough, Alistair asked, “Did it work?”
Castiel gave a small chuckle, surging forward to claim Dean’s lips. “Why, Doctor Winchester,” he said with a laugh, “is this one of those in the moment proclamations, like the first time you told me you loved me?”
“Which…” Cas turned around. Dean held up the picture for him to see. Cas sighed. It was a small, defeated sound. “Oh. I forgot about that one.”
“Well,
“Sam,” Dean growls irritably, “I might be the shittiest brother ever, but I’m not datin’ your boyfriend.”
He has to give the decorator props, though, descending into the bottom floor is kind of spooky. When he gets there, instead of some weird den of vice, “Hell” turns out to be set up for performances. He looks around, seeing several tables around a low stage, all of the furniture painted a glossy black. The walls are covered in graffiti, with what looks like years of art covering art over more art. Posters advertising Open Mic, Comedy Night, and a local Burlesque troupe are plastered up haphazardly over the remains of other posters. Spaced around the room are Art Deco statues of devils holding up light sconces that keep the lighting dim and moody.
Tune in for the next chapter by grumpyphoenix!!!!!
“Now--” started Lucifer with cruel glee in his voice, “--now we teach this fag to leave what’s Sam’s alone and to stay the hell away from my dear ‘brother’.”
“Shit! What did you do?” asked someone and Dean felt someone crouch beside him, helping him sit up and get the pressure off his arm. If he’d been paying attention to anything other than the pain he felt, he would’ve heard the slight panic in that voice.
"I know. He texted. Asked me to keep an eye on you."
“You know,” he said, speculatively eyeing Castiel’s driveway, “we should shovel this.”
Dean shot up out of bed, immediately grabbing the pillow he'd been laying on and swinging it before him as if it were a sword, blinking the sleep from his eyes as he looked around the room in alarm. Beside him, Castiel groaned and rolled over into the warm spot, pressing his face behind Dean's back.
“I love that you like Dean. We haven’t had the conversation about Christmas yet, and Dean
“It already smells
“Ah, shit.” Eloquent, Dean. He stumbled further into the room, catching himself before he made a complete fool of himself and fell over, thankfully. He brushed his hands down the front of his black scrub pants, doing his best for a smooth recovery.
Hey guys! Sorry this chapter is a week late! We had a last minute change of plans when the scheduled person was unable to complete their chapter. I picked up the reins and tried to get this out as soon as possible! I hope my last minute penning did the story justice :)
“I can see if I can get her to go easier on you. Lets put that aside from now. Do you have any old assignments with notes from her about where you can improve? It would help if I know what I’m getting myself into.”
Before he could walk away, he was suddenly shoved against his locker with Sam inches away from his face.
, fine pie.
Dean didn’t know what compelled him, not even Sammy knew the real drive behind Dean choosing his current profession. Their experiences had been so different over the years, but Dean always kept his cards close to his chest. But there was something in the way Castiel was looking at him, the sincerity in his eyes, the genuine curiosity, that had Dean opening his mouth.
A few days later, Dean and Castiel somehow found themselves locked alone in Charlie’s room. They had come over to hang out with her and Jo for a few hours and the next thing they knew, Charlie and Jo left the room to get some snacks and locked the door behind them.
Nothing happened! Do you guys really believe that if I had something on him that I wouldn’t have used it already?
over at Tumblr) it would never be as good without them.
“Don’t act offended, Cassie. I’m thrilled you two decided to get your heads out of your ass and actually do something. But I actually came here to see if you needed assistance with anything.”
After a few more nudges against his prostate, Castiel was losing his resolve. He wanted
"Dean, stop pacing, take a second, and breathe."
Biting her lip, Jo looked over to Benny, silently asking for permission. After a short time Benny let out a long breath before saying, “Fine, go ahead. They are never going to give up asking so lets just get it over with.”
They were just barely ten minutes into the movie when there was a knock on the door.
“You’re quiet,” Dean mumbled softly, making Castiel open his eyes again. Dean turned his head slowly, laying back down so his ear was over Cas’ heart, and looked met Cas’ eyes. “What are you thinking about?”
“Shit,” Dean whispered, pulling the keys from the ignition. He turned his head and caught Cas’ lips, a long slow promise for more once they got inside. Castiel broke away first and reached across Dean’s lap, pulling open the driver’s door and giving Dean a small shove with a smile on his lips before he slid across the seat to get out his own side.
“This way, sir,” was heard right before John stormed into the room, the older Winchester coming to a sudden stop when he saw Dean on the bed.
“You love me,” Charlie quipped back, holding the box out. Dean hesitated for a moment before reaching in and grabbing himself a handful. “So, tell me what happened. You know for a fact I’m going to get it out of you, and if you're as tired as you claim to be, you’ll just go ahead and tell me now so that we can go to sleep.”
“Well, he’s awake but still a little out of it,” she said with a warm smile, after taking a quick look towards the nearest nurse’s station to see that it was empty. She gave him another small smile and quickly added, “I can’t tell you any details, but his injuries looked a lot worse than they are. They’re going to keep him overnight just to keep an eye on him, but he should be able to go home tomorrow. When his parents get here, you can ask them to tell you more.”
voice until every window in the northern hemisphere shattered.
; he shattered it.  He’d been too worked up, too furious to think straight, to realize that for all his rage at Michael, and all that he could not accept his lover reduced to a vessel, the reality of the situation would not adapt to his shortcomings.
.”  He was seething, the words forced out through clenched teeth.  The very thought was repulsive.  “I will never help you again.  I came to you in faith; I asked you—"
There were a million articles that described how to identify a dream.  In his desperation to try and make Dean address the nightmares they didn’t talk about that hadn’t left him since hell, Sam had read Dean several of them.  The reminders could flick through his head rapid as a flip book, memories of Sam lit by the glow of his computer in a dozen different roadside motels.
The bedside rug gone threadbare from years felt hard and real under his bare feet as he stood up—he could feel the circle where he’d dropped a cigarette trying to smoke up here when he was 15.  “Alright.  And who are you?  Angel?  Demon?  You know at this point, I really don’t give a shit. “ Dean stepped closer, closing distance.
Dean had started talking, just to remember how to do it at first. He wasn’t praying, per se, he was just talking. Although, he wasn’t sure if it wasn’t a prayer by default just by virtue of mentioning Cas.
Dean follows Sam back up the stairs and to his front door, before slapping him on the back and pushing by to head back to his car.
Then he hears the rush of wings behind him and Cas’ deep voice follows a second later.
.” Cas’ voice is low and urgent and he’s gripping Dean’s hand so tightly it almost hurts. Dean can’t help but lock in on those sharp blue eyes and then he’s trapped in a space they’ve lived in hundreds of times before.
.” The words cut through his throat and push out through gritted teeth. “You told me you loved me and then you just disappeared. You told me you loved me and never let me say a goddamned thing, you
. He presses down on the accelerator, going faster and faster before shifting down and squealing to a swerving stop. The noise feels good. Disruptive. It settles somewhere in his chest and he holds onto it.
“Why are you saying that like that’s a thing up here? Is that in the I-died-and-went-to-heaven manual?” Dean tries to keep the irritation out of his voice – he knows he’s not mad at Sam. But this is new and invasive, and he doesn’t like it. He retreats a few feet and stares at the building, surprised – and unsettled – by how upset it’s making him.
“Dean?” Cas has come into his room, and Dean can’t figure out why the angle is wrong. “What are you doing on the floor?” Oh, that’s it. He’s on the floor. Cas is next to him now, standing above him with a strange look in his eyes. “Are we celebrating something?” he asks. Dean laughs in response, but there’s no humor in it.
“No, I guess not.” Cas let Dean’s hand stay where it was. “I could try.”
“Real mature, man.” Sam rolls his eyes and turns on the TV. “Fine, if you don’t want to talk about it, we don’t have to talk about it.”
Sometimes when Cas says “Hello Dean.” Dean hears ‘I’m home.’ and sometimes he hears ‘I love you.’
The corners of Dean’s mouth lift slightly and Castiel stills his hand; Dean’s not quite awake, but he can sense Castiel is. In a few moments his eyes will open and Castiel will drown as he has a million times, but now he can come as close as he wants and be welcome. And be wanted in return.
“Is that … is that a windmill?”
. He drops an arm around Cas’ shoulder and leans into it.
Sam drops onto the couch, grabs one of the beers Dean brought, pops the tab and takes a sip while looking at his brother sidelong. Dean isn’t looking at him, though, and it feels deliberate.
They approach the windmill. There’s a garden nearby and Dean looks at it, incredulous. It’s in full bloom with an array of flowers, some he’s never seen before.
Dean reaches out and takes Cas’ hand across the small distance between them.
Cas’ eyes are narrowed, and his head is tilted again, and it’s like they’re back to Dean being a human puzzle that Cas needs to fit together to understand.
Sam stares.
“Here, have some bacon. How’d you sleep?”
“What the hell is it doing here?” Sam’s voice went up in pitch like it did when they were confronted by an annoying puzzle he couldn’t figure out. Dean throws his hands up in response and starts walking towards the windmill.
But it doesn’t. In response, there’s only silence.
“What?” He says instead. “What are you –” But he doesn’t even know what to say, he’s so completely thrown by the question. He does let go of Cas’ hand then and stands, downing what’s left in his glass as he goes in one fell swoop. He pours another. The light from outside provides a warm glow on Cas’ face, at odds with his expression – he’s not quite stricken, but Dean can see the tight lines around his mouth and in between his brows. He throws back the second shot. Then he puts his glass down and turns so his back is against the window. He closes his eyes and takes a deep breath in. When he opens them, Cas has gone back to looking toward the lake.
“Pull it together, Winchester.”
“Cas, I thought you knew me. Why would I want a quiet heaven? I’ve had enough quiet to last a lifetime and beyond. I don’t need this.”
“Hello Dean.”
“I thought so.” Cas says. “I should have come, I should have done—” And Dean lets out a strangled laugh. That does break Cas’ attention and he looks at Dean in surprise.
Cas does look at him then, and his eyes go wide at the fury painted on Dean’s face. Instead of answering, he moves toward him, and reaches forward to put a comforting hand on his shoulder. Dean leans into it, but he’s shaking, just the smallest bit.
“I think bed might be best,” Cas says in response. He pushes Dean up and around and starts walking him away from the windows and towards the king situated on the other side of the room. When they make it close enough, Dean can’t even make himself try and he just falls face first onto the mattress. As his eyes close and he starts to leave his day behind, he can feel Cas taking off his shoes and laughing to himself.
As if summoned, Cas flutters in, already sitting in the empty chair next to Dean’s, a glass of whiskey in his hand. He’d never taken to the beer, preferring a smoother tilt of a drink he’d concocted, he says, specifically for his kind.
And something in Dean shifts, the frustration and anger melting downwards away from them both. He pulls back a space and gives Cas a broken, crooked smile.
“You have more freckles on your face.”
“Do we?” Dean asks, just the tiniest bit sullen. “Know how
“Alright, man.” He stands up and opens the door, gesturing to Dean to go in first. “Is Cas coming?” He asks as Dean walks by him. It’s only being so close that he catches the smallest of hesitations in Dean’s stride.
After that night, Cas had become a champion of sleep. So, now, when he comes into the kitchen, wearing — of all things — Dean’s hotdog pajama pants and a black t-shirt, Dean can’t help the smile that sticks itself to his face.
Cas doesn’t break his stare.
OH WE ARE VERY MUCH STILL HERE living in Dean and Cas' heaven and being happy to do so. I have a bunch of half-started one-shots set in this 'verse that I will hopefully eventually finish. But for now, have some slight angst with a happy ending. Also, this ship will never stop making me feral.
“About what?” Sam asks. Then realizes. “
Dean shrugs.
“Yeah, because you’re
There is nothing particular about this day against the others, but Dean is
Dean Winchester is asleep and Castiel is staring.
“This is weird, even for this place.” Sam says, following in Dean’s wake like he had nearly all of Dean’s life.
It wasn’t something he wanted to know before, but ignorance has never been bliss for Dean Winchester.
“… Maybe I watched
Dean rolls his eyes.
If he thinks too hard about the point of it all, his brain goes sideways, so Dean tries to stay in the present and in the moment and happy with what he has. And he has so much.
“So, what’s next?”
Now, he stares at Dean, asleep in bed next to him. His breathing is easy, his face completely devoid of worry and fear. Like so many humans, he looks younger in sleep. He is, Castiel knows, an objectively attractive man. He follows the pleasing features along Dean’s face — from his sharp jaw to his fine lips, high cheek bones and long lashed eyes. But that’s not what Castiel thinks of as beauty.
“Sure.”
Cas and Dean are leaning against the car, and Cas rubs at his chin. He’s not hurt, Dean knows. He doesn’t feel bad. He
They poke around the spot for a little while longer but aren’t able to find anything. Dean and Sam both try breaking the door down, but despite the wooden frame, it feels like it’s made of concrete. It’s infuriating. Eventually Sam takes a step back and looks up at the windmill, squinting in the setting sun.
“Damn it!” Dean’s face shifts into a grimace. He spins around and moves the pan as quickly as he can off the heat. He sighs and shrugs. “Well, there ain’t nothin’ wrong with extra crispy.”
“Good, I’m glad. Dean deserves it. You both do. Took damn long enough, though.” Sam lets out a soft chuckle. “More profound bond, my ass.”
“It means
I need you, he let himself think. He’d said it before. Cas knew.
Dean lets out a slight snore and moves closer, his face a few scant inches from Castiel’s.
He shifts his hand and pulls at Cas’ sleeve. Cas leans down and kisses him. Dean hasn’t quite learned to vocalize his wants, this is still all so new, but he finds ways to let Cas know. Cas straightens and looks down at him.
“I might be done for the day, anyway. It’s a lot of Trek, I think I need a break.”
Dean reaches up to clasp the hand Cas has out, and he tries not to squeeze too tightly when Cas pulls him up. He knows he’s probably mostly dead weight and he can’t quite get a handle on his legs.
Dean brought his hand back up to his shoulder again and frowned.
“Hey!” he yells, “Open up!”
“Why aren’t you sleeping? Why are you awake?”
“Hey Cas. How’s the kid?”
“Cas.”
“Later, Dean.”
He shrugs out of the trench, and his coat, and pulls his shirt up to show Dean that there is no cut skin. But Dean can’t stop staring at the jagged line of torn fabric with a border of blood. He can’t stop staring at the smear against Cas’ skin. He takes a step back, and then two. He lets out a broken breath and is hit with images of Cas covered in blood, memories he tries to forget. Memories he doesn’t want here, with them. Memories that spent so long wrapped around his heart when he was alive, he doesn’t need it
“Thanks, but no thanks, Sammy. As much as I love you, I’m not going to be the creepy uncle.”
Dean doesn’t comment but shifts their hands and rubs a thumb over the back of Cas’ in thanks. He pulls away to pile the finished strips onto a paper towel, saving the grease-covered pan to make eggs later. He picks up a piece to pass to Cas.
“Relax, sweetheart. You can say whatever you want. I might get mad, but you know it runs short.”  He tries to joke, but he can feel it fall flat in the moment. Cas’ hand tightens around his.
“Maybe
And strange.
Dean wrenches his arm out of Cas’ grip.
“Fine.” Sam purses his lips and hits play.
“Damn it, Cas, tell me. You can tell me.” He drops his arms and tries to keep the naked plea out of his voice, “I want to know.”
found.
Dean follows, trying to recalibrate in the moment and struggling. How can Cas say –
… The windmill is still fucking there. It’s standing in the early morning mist, surrounded by its goddamn fairy tale greenery, just mocking him.
This heaven was starting to seem an awful lot like the bleakest parts of earth.
“Do you… are you…” Cas stumbles a bit, and it’s so unlike him that Dean reaches a hand out and grabs Cas’ hand in his, fitting his fingers into the tight seam of Cas’ fist, running them along his palm and threading them together so they’re holding hands.
“Cas, your fall mattered because it was your choice. And you matter because
“Hey Sammy! You ready to kick this Star Trek marathon off?”
“You’re being weird, Cas. What’s up?”
And this time Dean turns and walks away, putting the past behind him where it belongs, before Sam can say anything else.
He takes the cloth and swipes it across his forehead, hopefully clearing and not smearing anything, before grabbing a bottle from the mini-fridge and sitting down in one of the plastic lawn chairs just outside the garage door.
“Wha—” he rolled over onto his back and saw Cas propped up against the headboard, eyes open and watching Dean. “Cas, what the hell, man?”
And then it’s like they’re back on earth and Sam walks right next to Dean as they head up to the door, ready to fight whatever has infringed on Dean’s life. Whatever is doing this. Whoever is doing this.
For the first time that he can remember, he’s not worried all the time. He’s not afraid that something’s going to come and snatch the people he loves most out of his hands.
Once, this would have made Dean uncomfortable. Now, he just shook his head and fell back onto his pillow. He reached for Cas, pulling him down so the angel was straight long next to him. Dean turned onto his side, pillowing his head on his arm and narrowed his eyes at Cas. He used his free hand to pull Cas’ chin towards him and gets caught by irises that seemed almost black in the low light.
His stomach twists and turns in the memory of a learned fear. But then he’ll look at Cas.
But something else, too.
So, he watched, and he listened. He understood Dean’s anger but didn’t understand how to fix it. Dean could fill the silence with so many voices if he wanted to! Castiel was just one among a horde of family who loved their wayward son.
“Den of iniquity? Yes, Cas. I remember and I remember what a complete shitstorm it was. I laughed so hard my stomach hurt.” He sweeps a few scattered grounds off the linoleum counter and into his palm before turning to throw them in the trash. His head shakes at the memory. They were such idiots.
“Cas, stop talking about my freakin’ freckles.”
Sam nods, and this time when he responds, there’s a smile in his tone.
Sam laughs again and means it this time.
“Can I ask you a question?” Cas responds, answering without answering.
“We both what, Cas? Have seen each other broken and beat to hell enough that little blood should be fine? What are you going to tell me next? I shouldn’t worry?” Dean rolls his eyes and turns his back, heading towards his front door.
“Oomph.” Cas says when Dean falls forward onto him, face pressed against Cas’ shoulder and hand still holding his. He feels Cas’ body vibrating and thinks he might be trying not to laugh. Dean wants to tell him this isn’t a funny-drunk. He wants to say, I had to stand in the spot I let you go today. His fingers are curling into Cas’ coat and he wants to tell him, I remember the smell of this burning. He’s trying to stand and tell Cas that he relived one of the worst moments of his short life and it made him furious and how little he got to live all over again. But he can’t quite get the words out.
“… Okay.”
“Why did this come up today?” he asks, bringing himself back. Cas looks up and away, this time back to his slow and steady consideration.
“Celebrating? No. Just trying to forget, Cas. But it doesn’t work as well up here so I have to try twice as hard to get halfway there. Does that make sense?” He can hear the slur in his voice now, and he’s not even sure he said what he thinks he said, so he bites his tongue to stop talking.
What if I just ... never stop writing mini moments in Dean's heaven life?
any way I love them so much
.” Cas says again, before pulling Dean back in.
“You don’t get to walk away from this, Dean. I’m fine, nothing happened. Not really. It was not a… big deal. It’s all
Dean makes good on his promise and gets through a bottle of his favorite whiskey. He’s about to get up and pop open bottle number two when he hears footsteps coming up the stairs.
Dean’s shoulder hadn’t stopped burning since he got to heaven. It was a bitch and a half, but he’d been through worse — plus, didn’t seem like heaven needed doctors so what was the point of complaining about something that couldn’t get fixed?
“Yes, the gas station exploded.”
For twelve years, Cas stood next to Dean through apocalypses and leviathans, and broken, beaten, angry Gods — but now, now there’s just… peace. There’s peace and potential in a way Dean isn’t sure he knows how to navigate. He’d barely started thinking about it on earth before he got kebabbed by some goddamn fangs.
The first time Cas and Dean fight, it’s ugly and short. It has all the ugliness of equals thinking themselves honest. Of people who are partners day in and day out and can say anything —
He put the plate down and rubbed at his shoulder again before turning away and climbing back into baby.
If Dean had known then what he knows now... he shakes his head ruefully.
Sam turns, but hesitates.
up the appeal..." he says. And then they're kissing and Dean thinks he might not hate this place so much once they settle it with memories like the one they're building now. He breathes Cas in and forgets the feel of him missing. He puts his hands against Cas' rough jaw and replaces the weight of ash in his hands. He slips a tongue in between Cas' lips and nothing else matters.
There’s a long pause. Cas’ eyes are closed, and he has one ear raised to the sky. He’s frowning slightly, and Dean wants nothing more than to go back to the beginning of the day. But he can’t, so he counts the seconds in his head, looking at Cas and waiting.
Everything outside has ceased to exist, there is just Dean and Cas and whatever comes next. Dean knows that Cas will never move first, not here. And so, it’s Dean who decides and chooses and leans. It’s Dean who pulls Cas in and puts his mouth to his.
“Why? Are you embarrassed? Dean, you’re very handsome.”
He tries to turn away again.
. Castiel had had his perfect moment of happiness, he had expressed his deepest feelings to Dean Winchester and in doing so saved Dean’s life. It was the happiest he’d ever been. What else could there be?
“A small one, Dean. Really.”
Cas shows up one evening, standing on Dean’s front lawn. But when Dean goes to wrap his arms around him — slipping his hands between the suit coat and the cotton of his white shirt — he feels a familiar wetness and smells the stink of iron. He pulls his hand back lightning fast and stares at the red against his fingers.
But Sam’s voice is closer now and Dean realizes it’s going to happen no matter what, so he calls back a gruff,
“Good. You deserved it, asshole.”
“No thanks, Dean.” She jokes, and then signs
“What if you just stayed this time?”
Cas is at his three quarters of the time, anyway, and Dean is content to take the change in their relationship slowly. After all, he’s got all the time in the world now. He’ll tell Sammy eventually, too.
Cas doesn’t answer. Dean realizes that Cas is giving him an out. He tries again and shakes Cas a little.
“Who planted the garden? Is this secretly hell?”
Apparently, Dean Winchester is still in my head telling me all the shit he's doing in heaven and so here we are because I am still thinking about it.
Cas pulled back and his brows came down over his eyes in confusion.
“Soon. We’re almost done.”
Dean moves forward, the smooth wooden flooring warm beneath his bare feet. He takes a deep breath and tries to calm his heart, which feels like it has been beating wildly for the last twelve hours.
Dean shakes his head. Well, when has it ever been easy? The shoe drops, and he adjusts. He grips Cas’ hand tighter.
“I don’t see why not, but I don’t need to.”
Dean finds out Sam knows by accident.
“What? Yeah, of course. But what could go wrong? We’re already dead.” He laughs a little, “I mean, after what we been though, I’m not hiding anything big from you, Sammy.”
Sam made it look so easy when he handled breakfast in the bunker. Asshole. He’d like to see
“I’m sorry, Dean. I didn’t think —”
“The hell, Cas? Stop staring like a weirdo.” He rasps out and pulls Castiel down, dropping his arm across him. “Sleep.”
“Wait.”
. You have to listen and stop hiding behind this… absurd mask you
“The windmill.” Dean says, raising his eyebrows and turning to look back at Sam who has shock written all over his face. His baby brother never had had the poker face skills Dean kept in his back pocket.
, but leaves before they start
“What about places we stayed together? Why not have a room in–” he falters. He’d been about to say ‘my house’… which answers his question. It was Dean’s house. His own. He can understand this need Cas has – having never had a place of his own before — beyond that room at the bunker. Dean remembers hopes of owning a house when he was alive. Of living according to his own choices. “Oh,” he says, instead of continuing the question. “Oh. I get it.”
“It’s nothing. I’m fine. I should have changed, but I wanted to be here; the blood is just leftover.”
. Sam jerks at the sound, turning to look at his brother. Cas just smiles wider.
“No, just put on the movie. What would I even want to talk about?”
“Do you ever feel angry that I didn’t save you? The night you died. The last time.” Cas finally asks and Dean very nearly pulls his hand away in shock. Of all the things…
An hour later and another six-pack cracked, something occurs to him.
“I don’t know, man.” He says his tone part weariness and part frustration. He doesn’t like being surprised. And he doesn’t like being surprised by things that remind him of bad times. And as much as he’d loved the meadow, leaving Cas’ ashes there had been a bad time.
Well, he had half that, at least. He twisted the top of the bottle that had appeared in his hand and took a deep swing. It was hoppy and bitter and suited his mood.
He glanced at the empty seat to his right – how long had it been empty? It had to have been at least a month, right? He ignored the pain in his arm and hoped Sam wouldn’t show up any time soon.
The Ford is still a few days away from being ready to drive, and once it is, Dean’ll pass it along to Bobby who will, in turn, give it to one of the strays who keeps popping up in the promised land.
The car comes to a halt in the gravel driveway, and his brother climbs out of the front seat, a six-pack hanging from his right hand and a toothy grin on his face.
Sometimes, Dean remembers who he used to be. He remembers the worthlessness that used to look back at him from his reflection, the anxiety he had around people he cared about, how every person in his life felt temporary.
Dean raises a fist and bangs on the door.
“I don’t know, Sam, and I’m fine. Go – this is probably like you said, just something that’ll come clear later. I’ll see you later.”
He took a huge bite of the apple pie that’d manifested at a thought. It was goddamned delicious.
Sam waits, but there’s tension in his form and Dean knows he’s ready to move the second the door opens.
the minute I showed up. That is a fact. And you know it.” Cas absently rubs at his chin, no doubt remembering the welcome he got when he and Dean did see each other again. “But… angry that you didn’t save me?” Dean shakes his head. “How many times did you save me on earth? How many– ” Dean’s voice breaks here, and he resists closing his eyes, knowing he’ll see Cas in his last moments in the bunker, crying and smiling and more whole than Dean had ever seen him before. When he starts speaking again his voice is rough. “You did that plenty, Cas. No. I’m not angry that you didn’t save me because you’ve saved me so many other times that count for more than that one stupid moment ever could.”
The first time Castiel spent the night, he didn’t sleep. It was well into the night when Dean jerked awake, legs splayed and hand already searching for the knife he no longer kept under his pillow.
“Dean?”
“Dean, we were just—”
He slid behind the wheel and flinched a little at the sudden sharp pain in his shoulder. It was worse today. Harder to ignore.
“Hello Dean.”
“Cas!”
It’s been a long, long time since Dean had left Bobby. Time is still weird, but now he has memories on memories of being alone in this world that was tailor-made for him by a tailor who had forgotten the most important part.
, even when you were human, you were ‘The Angel.’” He puts his mug down so he can give the title the air-quotes it deserves. “I knew I needed you, then, and that I loved you, in a way, later. But it wasn’t until I heard you that…” he trails off here, fighting a lifetime of assumptions. But Cas has his own wants now, and Cas has learned he can ask for things. And he asks now, for assurance, Dean thinks.
“Are you sure there isn’t something I can punch? I’m real good at punching, even if I haven’t done it in a while.”
“I can't argue that something like that
Sam had showed up not too long back, or maybe really long back, who knows. But he’s got Eileen, and they live just around the corner. Sam asked him, when he got there, if he wanted to move in, and well,
Dean’s grin gets wider, he cocks a quick shoulder and raises his eyebrows,
“Of course.” Dean’s surprised – he thought they were beyond this. Cas’ hands are fisted, resting on his knees. He’s not looking at Dean and it feels deliberate. Dean can feel the anxiety bubbling in the pit of his stomach. What is going on?
“Sure – I mean, yeah. When Cas was – any way, now it just makes me think of him gone. So. Hell. And say what you will, Sammy, if Rowena randomly remembered some time I pissed her off, I wouldn’t put it past her.” Then Dean notices something. “Wait.” He squints and looks at the windmill again. The blades are wide and long, the slats going up the sides a deep brown wood. It’s an old-world version, more of a storybook illustration than a means of power. But… still. “This isn’t the same windmill. It’s almost the same. But .. I don’t think the one where I—I mean, I don’t think it had a door?”
The voice was warm and rough and familiar, with just a tiny edge that shouldn’t have been there, but there was a deeper level of
Michael’s shrug would have given him another reminder of how inhuman he was, if he’d needed one.  He hadn’t.
“Dean, no, please, you said it yourself, this is my fault, man.  Let me—"
At Castiel’s touch, Bobby’s front door slammed open, ricocheting off the wall with a force that sent a handful of more precariously placed books cascading into the floor.  The organization only made sense to Bobby, but at another time, he might have felt guilt.  At the moment, as blasphemous as it might be, he had no room in his chest for feelings that were not his own.  Of those, he felt so full he could scarcely breathe.
ironically enough.  He can feel
“You’re a real bastard, you know that?”  Dean said.  “He’s been through enough.”
, just shut up about it, alright?”  If there was ever a time he didn’t want to argue, it was now.  With Sam, it was always, if he was honest, but he’d said shit he hadn’t yet had time to take back, words he didn’t want to live with.  One of these days, he’d learn to hold his tongue.  “This is how it’s gonna be.”
.  You
Sam’s eyes flashed wide with panic, his grip when he grabbed at his shoulder hard enough to bruise.  “Dean, no, I told him I’d—"
.  He smelled like leather and gasoline and blood, and Castiel wanted to grip him tight and breathe it in until he forgot that it wasn’t really Dean he was holding.
“Leave us, Sam.  Now.  Please.”
“Dean, I…”  It was hard, impossibly hard to talk to him without looking at him.  If he looked up, all he’d see was Michael.  Even looking away, knowing he could hear, and never answer under his own power, unaltered…it twisted Castiel’s heart, the pain overpowering the rage so swift and sudden he nearly choked.  “Dean, I’m sorry.”
If he knew Dean—and he did, absolutely—there was almost certainly some form of opposition in his mind.  What it was, and how he’d feel if Cas had been willing to kiss him right then—those were questions he may never find answers to.
The red haired stranger at the foot of the bed had an easy smile.  Leaning against the wall, he didn’t look like he felt the slightest bit out of place.  “Yes, Dean.  You are dreaming.”
“He sorted it out.  But just think, Dean, how much easier it would be on you.
“I wouldn’t hurt you, Dean.”
“Castiel has taken only one vessel before now, did you know?  He isn’t too familiar with how it works, how to best care for his host.  He is learning, however.”  Michael’s eyes soften, seemed something far too close to kind.  Even with distance between them, Dean could see that they were an unusual shade of grey, light like fog.  It should have looked more unsettling.
“Oh don’t worry,”  Michael said.  His calm was jarring, grating.  Overhead, thunder boomed.  “He’s busy cursing me for upsetting you.  He didn’t mind.”  At a glance, Cas could see his brother curling his lover’s mouth into an easy smile, hands that had been there to shake him up or reach out to him with unspeakable tenderness coming back to rest comfortably against the black sheen of the Impala.  “He wanted me to tell you, earlier, that he thought I was a dick.”
Michael’s laughter still wasn’t Dean’s.  In all likelihood, it never would be again.
Castiel was stubborn, too.
“Yes.  It’s bullshit.”
“He thinks that’s bullshit.”
hurt Dean.  I know he can.”
Automatically his eyes flicked to the bed, to the version of Sam in his mind that slept undisturbed.  The urge to reach back and grab his ankle was almost overwhelming.
Gently, Dean reached over, and shook his brother awake.
His chin had shook more than his hand; he remembered how hard he’d had to bite his lip to stop it.  It wasn’t the dying that scared him quite so much, not even then—that was terrifying, of course, because he knew it would hurt, but worse was the thought of Sam waking up to dad coming back alone.
“He would rather I didn’t take you, but his reasons are…”  The flick of Michael’s eyes to Dean’s left shoulder seemed to bore through the cotton of his t-shirt.  “Anchored in emotion and possession rather than reason.  He knows I will not harm you.  And that for the sake of his feelings toward you I will be even more careful to return you to him and the rest of your family undamaged.”
“Without consequence?  They didn’t wonder where the hell he’d been for two years?”
He couldn’t bear to hear that Michael had foretold his coming, as if he’d needed to.  Where else would he go, with Dean held captive?  What else would he do after his brother had broken his word, but show up to force him to admit it?
It wasn’t like Sam to take anything without question.  Whether his acceptance was a mark of trust, or a sign that he’d already endured that day alone more than he could bear, Castiel couldn’t be sure—though he knew which was more likely.  For once, Sam listened without asking a single question.  Rather than let it hurt, Cas tried to be grateful.  He was low on patience, and not in the mood or position to explain.  It was just as well.
“You’re worrying unnecessarily.  He is safe, with me.  I can heal him, like I healed his jaw—it took seconds; you know—”
“Not to hurt him, yes, I
“Cas, it’s so good to see you, man,”  Sam said.  “I was gonna summon you as soon as—"
He felt Sam’s arm around his shoulders, warm and solid.  He was immensely grateful when Sam didn’t try to pull him to his feet, but sank to the ground beside him instead.
let me take him, Dean.  He has told me as much.  I walked his dreams tonight also.”
“Relax, please,”  Michael said.  There were no lines of tension in him, no hint of movement.  An alligator, too, went completely still before a strike.  “I have no intentions of taking you by force.”
Dean’s eyebrows shot up in surprise, a match to the jolt in his stomach.  Cas hadn’t said anything—but then, under the circumstances, there hadn’t been an overwhelming amount of time.  Still, there was the edge of a sting to it, an uncomfortable echo.  He was so goddamn tired of fumbling in the dark.  “And what does he think about all this, huh?”
Dean looked just long enough to see it hit him, just enough for that flicker in his baby brother’s eyes that was the same as it had been the first time Dean had given Sam his stuffed tiger during a tornado warning.  Hunkered down in the basement under dad’s arms with the siren blaring on the emergency radio, he’d looked over at Dean with such a mix of awe and hurt and love too pure and bright to be real.  What could he have ever been, after that, but everything Sam needed?  How could he be anything but his hero, when Sam looked at him like he had a choice not to be?
.  Enough, I understand, you hate me for this.  There’s no sense in taxing your powers like this; I won’t fight you.  We both know how that would end, and I don’t want to hurt you.”
“You won’t lay a goddamn finger on him.”
For Michael, it might as well have been a puzzle; the fascination in his eyes was far stronger than any guilt.  “I…no.  No.  I’m aware it’s a conduit of power, but it’s an awareness only, without the sensation—but he can. I can…sense it.  It’s a very strong connection.  Another time, and they’d have called it powerful magic.  It’s clear you sacrificed much to raise him from the Pit; I commend you.”
, you had no—"
If nothing else, Dean could still feel him there.  Later, there might be comfort in that.
Even with Michael saying it, there was a traitorous jolt in his heart, almost as if it were real.  Almost.
Dean couldn’t bear to look at him—it was everything he had not to jerk away, but there was nowhere left to go.  If he moved, he wouldn’t be in front of Sam anymore—and God, wasn’t there a metaphor in that.   “I can tell you one thing, Mike.  This counts as cruel means.”
?  It hardly seemed possible.  Last he’d been alone with Dean—if he swallowed against the searing pain of the memory, it was still clear.  Dean had been far from ready to surrender—with Sam working hard to make amends, he’d been positively optimistic, for Dean.
Near the entry to the maze that was Singer Salvage, the man that had been sitting on the hood of the Impala stood, and rubbed dust off onto his jeans.  “Castiel.”
The tentative truce in his own war against his revulsion cracked—likely due to the violence with which he was forced to bite back the temptation.  Even then, it took all he had to let go, but he managed it, pushing away and shaking his head.  “No.
Of course he had.  It was strange, to think to himself that he could hear it in Dean’s voice, when it was, in fact, Dean’s voice telling him—and yet, it wasn’t the same.  It wasn’t.  The cadence was different; everything was different. Castiel swallowed convulsively, and fought the sound of fury that ached to rip from his lungs.  The urge to flee was overwhelming, to leave his vessel and spiral into the sky, screaming with his
His hand hovered over Sam’s shoulder, deciding.  The temptation was strong to let him sleep.  For a moment, history came for him so thick it took his breath, his heart and head yanked violently back to Nebraska in the middle of winter, just after he’d turned 16.  He’d had rough moments before, but this was the first time he was going out after something he knew could absolutely kill him—hunting the manticore, he wouldn’t be with dad every minute, and Sam’s voice from years ago had pressed on him like barbed wire.
of it—all of it fake, and wrong.  Under those circumstances, Dean’s heart would have been going with the rapid patter of artillery fire, not even and easy.  It was artificial; it was Michael—and still, Castiel closed his eyes, and let all the other sound fade until the wet comfort of its pounding was all he could hear.  “He’s still alive.  He’s whole.  He’s safe with me, and I won’t take him from you.”
it won’t hurt me, but him...”
“In the backyard.  He said you’d—”
, and as I said, he was wrong to approach you that way.  I would’ve come on my own, in time.  I’ve never liked Zachariah or his methods.  On the other hand,”  He smiled, warm.  “Castiel and I have been close brothers for generations.”
“What happened to ‘I won’t take you by force’, huh?”
The certainty that an admission of guilt was the most he could hope for brought an unfamiliar sickness that made him wonder if he knew, now, how humans felt when vertigo hit them.
Michael closed the last distance by stepping closer, one hand striking out viper fast to take Dean’s chin in his hand.  For all the shock of it, his grip was disturbingly gentle.  “Is that your choice, then?  Will
“Castiel, please,”  Michael said.  “I will take care of him.  You must trust me. Here—”  Reaching out slowly, Michael took his hand, and pulled it to rest gently over his—over
you not to do this!  The years we’ve served together, the years I have called you my friend, my
like Dean.  “Tell him not to worry.  I will be fine.”
“Where is he?”  Castiel asked.  The cold fury in his voice rang out sharper than even he’d expected, and he didn’t need to turn his head to know that Bobby was almost frightened.  He could taste his fear in the air, feel it slide like oil over his wings.  Later, he would apologize.
Michael only hummed.  “He’s learning to control it, more and more every day.  And my presence will overpower it.”
Castiel let out a slow breath, his hand fisting unconsciously around the familiar cloth against his hand.  With his eyes closed, and the rhythm discounted in favor of cloth and heat, it
“Fucking please.  Jimmy—"
“And he loves you, though he’s been afraid to say it.”
It would have put the fear of God in any man.
All that had stopped him was knowing that if he woke Sam up, he wouldn’t stop until he’d come with him.  Up to that point in his life, the hardest thing he’d ever done was kissing his forehead, and walking out the door.  He could still feel the cold of the knob burning his hand outside in his memory, the moment he’d taken to lean into the door and gasp in the cold until it hurt his lungs.  If he didn’t come back, Sam would never forgive him.  If he’d been stronger, he could have told him goodbye without saying it, just in case.
