May you be healthy all your days.
"Do you have a boyfriend, or a girlfriend?" Hamish asked. John made a choked noise from the front seat, but Sherlock held up his hand and mouthed
"Come, Lord Sherlock. Let us get you clean. We will get you dressed and beautiful. Your husband to be has seen you in just your scraps long enough."
She's meticulous, fastidious, maddening. She has assassins working for her, she's brutal, willing to die. From this vantage point, he knows she hasn't left her flat in some time. The plan she's placed is still for Sherlock to kill Magnussen.
He was in Mycroft's room.
Sherlock took out his phone and texted John
He'd even had panic attacks and nightmares during the course of his engagement and marriage, nightmares that were soothed away when he'd moved back in with Sherlock after her death.
What does he want her to think?
"John, I won't break, I want you, I won't break…." John kissed him on the mouth, gently, "I know. I know you're strong, but I don't want to push you-"
His anchor for the Mary Morstan file, what ties it all together in a bow for him, is a large hunting knife. The imagery to keep it tied to her file is her using that knife 7 years ago to slit her husband's throat and then drown her 6 year old child in their tub.
The pain of being apart aches; John finds it a bit more tolerable than Sherlock because he has grieved his death after a jump from St. Bart's. John comforts himself with remembering Sherlock is alive and simply a call or text away.
Instead, his Da laughed.
"Sherlock?" John's hands are sweating, his ears are red. God, he just wants a drink, to go home.
Again, John decides he will think only of himself. What does John want to do? Where does John want to go? He will not be chasing behind anyone else for a while.
John had just shut the rear door on Sherlock, who was now in his dress shirt and suit. Sherlock had kept the Belstaff off and laid it on his lap so he could look at the back. The boy was right. No one was at home to tell him the back hem was fraying.
"I hate that woman," she yells, shaking, "Can't you, can't you, drop her out of the window onto some
"Hey," Just at the right time, so she doesn't look outside while they're pulling up to their new house, "Sherlock said that his name is a girl's name. We should name our baby after him."
They had to wait an hour. Sherlock spent the entire time pacing and muttering to himself, his fingertips on his temples, flipping his fingers as if looking at imaginary photos on the wall. Daemon watched, equal parts fascinated and frightened, unsure if he was watching a brilliant mind or a full blown psychotic break.
Sherlock pursed his lips, "But I'm not hurt anywhere?"
As anticipated, there is no reply. John peels off his night vision goggles. He rubs his eyes. Mycroft rephrases, "kdo je váš velitel ? je Mary Morstanová ?"
Sherlock was sitting, calm as ever, facing a very alive Moriarty.
Sherlock shocked even himself at how easy the description rolled off his tongue. He looked into Lord Watson's face. He was rolling his shoulder, attempting to stretch it out. His face had a slight grimace of pain from his shoulder, but he was grinning none the less.
now!"
John laughed at him, pulling him closer in his arms, "Is this alright? If I kiss you sometimes when you're not hurt?"
"What is, dear?"
"Is that why you're here with me? Protection?"
Hamish looked thoughtful, "My daddy gets upset, and sometimes I think I know why, but I'm not sure. He gets upset when I ask."
The room was quiet as Sherlock worked on his eyes, blending and smoothing. He felt John's breathing speed up just slightly, and Sherlock smiled. He smoothed the pad of his thumbs over his eyebrows, then quietly whispered for John to open his eyes.
The last crime scene John and Sherlock had been at together had been active, alive, full of people, and difficult to follow. This scene was quieter, there was only the two bodies with lots of lights shining on them. They were posed as if they had been sitting on either side of a great hexagon.
"You started this, you made me fall in the stream," John said, tripping over himself as he sat down. He caught himself with his left arm, wrenching his left shoulder. He fell down beside Sherlock.
As they ate, the two of them talked about insane pranks played on their siblings, family vacations, preferences in movies. John was amazed at all the movies Sherlock
When Harry returned, she was back to herself. Everyone had marching orders. Costumes were placed first, with protective capes on top, then makeup, then run throughs. Even though not everyone was needed, everyone had to stay close in case of a change or a fix.
John inspected his lover's body, gently touching and looking over every inch of him. He ran his fingers over his ribs, his hips, inspecting the finger tip bruises and the tender place where their bodies had joined. Seeing no injury, he laid down beside Sherlock, wrapping them up in the quilt, facing each other. Sherlock captured John's fingers in his own, bringing each one up to his lips for a kiss. "You have captured my body and soul," Sherlock breathed, now mouthing kisses against John's knuckles, "I love you."
Seb and Moriarty are deported with the understanding that if they return to the UK they will be executed.
"No one else, Sherlock, no one else," John moved the plaids out of his way, holding onto Sherlock's hips. He opened his legs, sitting back on his arse and heels, allowing Sherlock to spread his legs and lower himself onto John's cock. John held him, allowing only his tip to enter, "Doesn't this feel better than your fantasies? Does this feel better than the rubber you had before?"
, he had no idea. He hadn't been there. He didn't know what was going through her mind. She was mapping out the best escape route, and picking the quickest and most deadly hand held weapon. Without realizing it. While her body wandered, dispelling nervous energy. She was in fight or flight continuously, without making an effort to be.
Twelve hours later, Sherlock broke the case, easily determining it was the babysitter. She had become pregnant by the father of her charges, and she was out for monetary compensation and revenge.
Sherlock was dumbfounded. John Watson truly believed he was one of the stable boys or a hired hand, and a hired hand he trusted quite quickly. Sherlock ran through scenarios of what to say that would be truthful but not give himself away, but he was stuck.
Sherlock nodded.
"Because you will be the one to kill him for me, Sherlock," She says, clicking the 'ck' in his name. Smiling as she comes right up to him, looking up into his eyes, "You will kill Magnussen. If you don't, I promise that" She points her gun at Samantha's dead body, "I will kill," She shoots Samantha in the chest, a little to the right of her heart, "John."
John grinned, leaning down on his forearm so he could pull the stopper from the bottle and drain some oil. He coated his fingers with it, discarding the bottle, coating Sherlock and himself generously.
Now, one month after their wedding, Sherlock was leading John up their stairs. On the way home from hospital, in Mycroft's car, he was snuggled up against Sherlock and was more talkative than he had been since before the wedding. They chatted about nothing in particular, the weather, the state their flat might be in due to Sherlock's untended experiments, the need for John to stay in Sherlock's room so he wouldn't have to go up another flight of stairs.
John laughed, "You're always working."
Sherlock leaned in and kissed John, caging him in with his arms, "I was making last minute wedding preparations. The music, getting an idea on how long the vows had to be. I'm always keeping an eye out for anything out of the ordinary, but I've just been thinking about marrying you," Sherlock cleared his throat, not making eye contact with John, "I'm sorry."
Sherlock looked up at John, his perfect skin still flushed, his dark curls wet from perspiration. He looked deep in concentration. After he took a large drink of the scotch, he kissed his neck, "I love you, John Hamish Watson."
Mycroft has always found it strange about himself that his work life entails an absolute crazed amount of danger and international pins and needles, while his home life is simply him. Alone. He sits at home in front of his fireplace and reads, or stares into the flames while sipping a drink. He is usually content, restful, able to sleep. Ready to begin the next work day at a breakneck pace.
Robert acquired this jewelry when Roderick was going into a dangerous firefight and was unsure if he'd come out alive. Robert knew he would; he'd never seen a more determined soldier. He switched body armor with the kid. Robert had been given state of the art EnGarde and had traded it with the younger boy's less protective gear when he was taking a power sleep.
"Questions later," Sherlock growled into John's mouth, "I want to kiss you now."
After two ambulances come and pick up the seven bodies, Sherlock and Molly head to St. Bart's.  Together, they will process the information to see what they can glean; they doubt they'll obtain much, if anything. The seven operatives will most likely be off the grid and Mary's work will be untraceable. No marks on the slugs, no fingerprints.
"Are you a detective? I saw you looking at things with a magnifying glass. We were watching the scene with the policemen and the detectives. I made daddy go down that street so we could see it better. We were watching. I saw you working, then you chased after the bad guys with daddy, but then you ran into the bad guy, and you would've died if daddy didn't save you by shooting him. He broke your ribs and stabbed your calf and the back of your thigh, narrowly missing your femoral artery with a six inch blade -"
"John, please, just hold me," His voice is even richer and deeper, nearly asleep, "tomorrow."
It took 30 minutes to load up the gear and the men.
"Here," John put his knuckles in a rolling motion into his back, "Your muscles are cramping due to lack of use. It will hurt like hell, but we will need to take you on a short walk tomorrow."
John ruffles his damp hair, goes and tapes the note to the fridge.
Hamish addressed Sherlock directly, "I know you're important to us, but the words we use aren't quite right. But I wasn't sure how to ask you what to call you."
"Why are you thanking me? I would be invalided if it weren't for you."
"Won't be the last time."
The sunlight streaming in the window indicated it was later in the morning. He had fleeting thoughts last night of calling John, or texting him, but it never happened. He was preoccupied, debating, obsessed nearly with the question of Greg and John. His room where he laid out logical questions of what to do, and what to say, and the foregone reactions was not neatly mapped out. It was still a map of pushpins and string. He brushed it aside for now.
He tried to scream, but he didn't know if it would come out loud, or as a squeak, or a whisper, but he said it, over and over, hoping Sherlock would hear him.
"I uh," Robert began, coughing slightly, "Didn't think you'd want to...have lunch. With me. This is nice."
Sherlock took a napkin and pressed it to his thumb, and nodded. John came back, balancing four coffees and four plates of food on a tray. He gave his parents a pointed look as he sat their food down, the ceramic clapping against the heavy wood.
John popped his eyes open, "Sherlock?" he saw the brunette's head pop over his shoulder as he turned to look at John. John felt dizzy and unsure of what Sherlock wanted, but if Sherlock wanted to be held, John would oblige, "You want me to hold you?"
As everyone trickled out of the theatre, John began cleaning up, giving Sherlock permission to leave and get some rest. Instead, he offered to buy him dinner, "As a thank you for showing him around the scene shop," An hour later, they sat on the green room couch, giggling and eating pizza and drinking beer, sharing stories of the most horrible bosses, or directors, they'd worked with.
"Are you alright, brother?" Mycroft asked. He too had circles under his eyes. He rolled his shoulder to crack the joints. He and his husband had been sleeping on two cots in Sherlock's room.
Mummy Holmes is fussing over the young man on her couch; he has a bag of ice on his forehead. Sherlock confirmed, over speakerphone, and cussing, that the young man was Billy. Billy insisted that he was Sherlock's protégé. Sherlock kept correcting him. Their argument was giving Mummy a headache, so she finally disconnected the call.
Eric tapped Sherlock's knee lightly with his fingers, "Are you alright?"
The video plays in the car; as predicted, Mary says, "But Moriarty is dead," (Pause)  "But, you told me he was dead." She still believes he's gone, that he's been neutralized.
John pocketed the phone, then pulled Sherlock's hand out of his pocket so he could hold it, "Sherlock, what was that about?"
Sherlock grabbed John around the neck and held him close, kissing him on the lips. He desperately tried to pour every bit of sentiment, every thank you, into that deep, pressing kiss.
John panics feeling wetness all over him, Sherlock pulls away, giving him an odd look. Sherlock looks behind him, the tea cup has spilled over the table, on Sherlock's sheet, and on John.
They talk, and touch, both timid and amazed that the other is allowing this. They are unsure if they are more amazed at the words or the gentle presses against skin, the quietness and the joy of simply being together. John strokes Sherlock's hair, rubbing thumbs down his jaw and cheeks. Sherlock takes his hand and with long, slender fingers wraps John's neck, pulling him into a deep kiss.
John smiled, turning pink just slightly, "Yea, we have to keep it safe. That's what's most important."
Sherlock looked down, and shrugged, "I was bored, and it was a case they needed help with."
Sherlock wrapped his long fingers all the way around John's wrist, pulling his hand slowly towards his body. Sherlock hesitated a moment, letting John's relaxed fingers drift over his belly. He turned, instead he brought his hand to his nipples. Sherlock was fascinated that he would even crave John's touch there. Looking down, he caught John's cock had jumped in response. He continued to grow, the pink, dusky head pulling out from the foreskin.
John looked around Sherlock's shoulder, "Why? Because I'm weak? I'm the one that killed him?"
John sits in the quiet of St. Edwards church. He has Valium in his pocket tucked next to his gun.  (He had Sherlock run chemistry analysis on it; they had giggled at the idea of conquering everything only to have John succumb to a poison plot like
He goes back through his choices to be sure he's satisfied. He times himself; how fast can he pull the gun out and aim. How well does he shoot with elevated blood pressure, shaking hands, shallow breathing.
John spent the first night sleeping in their bed, waking every couple hours to look at his phone. He spent last night on the couch. He wanted to be nearer the ambient outside noise; Sherlock's bedroom was quiet without the sound of his detective's breathing in his ear.
He'd developed the makeup designs for the cast, only six, and was currently helping with the costumes as he was fairly handy with a sewing machine. As he finished the last shirt (boring), Irene, the company manager, marched in with her clipboard and her list.
Sherlock drew his hand up through John's hair, drifting his fingers across his cheekbone. He giggled, "I guess I was exhausted from last night."
"He's asleep, m'lord, lying in his bed," Tavis answered, catching John's arm when he tried to walk past him to the house, "Let him rest. May we talk, you and I? Besides his brother, I think I know him better than anyone on this earth. At least since his
Up early for the wedding day, before dawn, Sherlock was being fussed over. His hair had been put in rags so it curled even more overnight, and his legs under his everyday kilt shone with scented oil. His house help, William, assisted him with dressing him from head to toe in his wedding attire. However, Sherlock stopped him when he presented the kilt and the plaid, broach and sporran. They were all new, wrapped with a ribbon in a white cotton package.
"Did you need a phone, Dr. Watson?" Cheryl asked as they sat down to the kitchen table.
Four are planned to exit alive.
Sherlock was in the kitchen, cleaning the counters and washing the dishes. He had nearly no pain in his ribs as long as he didn't bend over or move too quickly. As he grabbed some coffee mugs from the living room, he could hear bits of conversation from the bathroom. He paused when he heard Hamish talking about him.
"My sister's best friend is still dead."
But he can't help feeling happier than he has in years.
Mycroft makes sure that surveillance is double what it normally is on his way to pick up Robert.
John moved his hand to his crotch, but Sherlock slapped it away, still silent. John heard only the lapping noise of Sherlock rubbing his cock around John's hole, and their breath speeding up.
He looked over the crowd, scanning, but he didn't see anyone else in the Watson tartan. He saw a sea of blue and black of the Holmes, and the few yellow and green of Lestrades. He saw his parents, and the white embroidered fabric of the handfasting cloth and cord, this time woven with the fabrics of both the Holmes and Watson clans. He stood there, perplexed, until he realized the silence of everyone stopping their conversation and looking at him.
"John?" He called out. This was his slightly panicked way of saying his name when he was worried, or tired.
So, Sherlock had left the suit. He had been asleep, but he wondered why Sherlock had left it without saying anything. He considered that he'd possibly ruined his friendship with Sherlock, but he wasn't even sure what he did.
He saw that the bin of flowers had been emptied.
The crackle of the emergency radios was heard before the crews ran in through the propped open doors. They navigated their stretcher gingerly, resting it on the stage floor.
"How can I trust you? I don't
As Sherlock began to question the Sheriff on the other suspicious accidents, her radio cracked. Dispatch provided a code and the Sheriff turned away and stepped back, muffling the voice on the radio. Harry, John, Sherlock and the four other carpenters looked at each other as the Sheriff barked orders over the radio. She kept walking away, so her voice was muffled in the black curtains.
"Where is he? How do you know he's safe?" Moriarty gestures outward, raising his voice. Billy moves closer to him, John straightens his spine.
"You must think I'm an arse. Being in love with your brother's husband. I'm sorry. If it makes you uncomfortable. Or if you need to tell him. I can pay for a hotel and a nurse, so you can be taken care of elsewhere-"
Mummy, Daddy, and Mycroft are quiet. Billy is in the backroom sweeping. Mycroft coughs, begins to speak, then has to start again.
"Every moment he can be spared from the navigation room, I've seen them together.," Julie explained, quietly, with a look of pity.
"Mycroft!" Sherlock hisses, "Oh my God! You didn't go home last night, you were with--"
Sherlock came up to him, resting his fingers on his shoulder, "John, that's brilliant. That's got to be it. With this, we can go to the Sheriff. Possible motive."
"Mary was to take me out- which she believes she has. Magnussen doesn't want to be on equal ground with Mary. He controls. Magnussen knows John is Mary's pressure point, and to control her, he's got to control John."
Sherlock had a look on his face that could only be described as dopey.
touch you. To care for you."
John Watson would not oblige.
"Come here, my love," Sherlock grabs John by the hips and leads him to the bed, laying him on his back. John watches Sherlock as he grabs the lube out of the bedside table. Sherlock's hair is a mess, he has scruff on his face from not shaving for a few days, and his nails are dirty. He looks absolutely sexy.
"I dunno. I think m'tired. And happy." John tries to sit up a bit but the room begins to spin, "Jesus." He lays himself back down.
As the meal wound down, Sherlock felt toes poking at his legs. He looked up and smiled at John, sitting across from him. He felt better, much more well rested than he had in a long time. He poked John's feet back gently, and he smiled back. Mrs. Hudson gave Sherlock a look that conveyed to
Sherlock stood up and turn around quickly, earning a wince and a jump back from Mrs. Hudson. "Sorry, I'm sorry Mrs. Hudson. I didn't realize you were standing there, or that I'd spoken out loud."
They dropped down into the kitchen, and in the ambient light from the street they could see an overweight, sweaty man sitting in a chair, pointing his gun at Mrs. Hudson and Hamish. Mrs. Hudson was pleading, loudly, for Mr. Hudson to let the boy go. Sherlock imagined she heard them coming, and was wailing loudly to cover up their movement.
Moriarty agrees to full cooperation with them in exchange for Seb's safety. Mycroft insists they need video of Moriarty to reveal his return to London at just the right moment.  Lestrade agrees to film Moriarty when he's had a chance to clean himself and get himself put back together; he laments "Why am
tell you. I have to…it won't be good, if I didn't try my best. To make sure you knew," John ran his fingers through his hair, "Hamish would never forgive me. And Hamish, Hamish
"Here is my phone, video chat with him. See for yourself. We are doing this to ensure John and Sherlock's safety. We don't employ your methods, Mr. Jim Moriarty."
John wrapped his arms around Sherlock, fully capturing him up into his arms, sitting him on his lap, squeezing him into himself. He looked into his face, "I can't believe you."
look. Hamish did his best to bite his tongue, and give himself a moment to come back with an answer that wasn't harsh, "No, no. It's not romantic love. It's parental love, or familial love."
"Mom!" John came out front wearing an absolutely filthy white apron, " No, you two sit and get to know Sherlock a little bit. But be nice," he disappeared back into the kitchen. Sherlock began biting at the skin around his thumbnail.
"We can't see each other. My promotion is too important." He hands the pen and paper over to Mycroft. Robert makes a production out of sighing, and rearranging books on his bookshelf in a seeming fit of nerves.
. He ground himself down into John's lap, forcing more friction against him. Sherlock finally pulled John's shirt up and off,  kissing his nipples, noticing the star shaped scar on his left pectoral and shoulder. He stopped rocking on John's lap and studied it a moment.
"Oh shush," She coos, putting the gun against his lips. He's shaking, "I'm not done yet." She tilts her head and moves close to whisper in his ear, "You've got to kill him in front of an audience, so there is no question it was you. So you're sent away, or executed yourself. So I'm free of guilt, and John and I are together. Then, I am the leader, and you will truly be destroyed in every. Sense. Of. The. Word."
Hamish bounded into the room, pushing John back onto the bed with a huff, "Daddy, wait, we're not
"John, we prepared for every eventuality."
Again, laptop clicking and then working the phone. Robert reads it aloud before sending it.
"It's okay, John," Sherlock barely pauses his bow, "I would like it if you held me."
As Sherlock peeked out at him from under the covers, John leaned down and gave him one warm, deep kiss on the mouth, "When you're done sulking, you can join us in the living room for Cluedo."
The grandmother clicked at him, "Why do you like those crime scenes, Hamish?"
"This was a military operation. And as much as you believe yourself to be above every fucking rule known to man, this was run by ranked military personnel. We moved you
"Sherlock, sit down, sweetheart. I'll get you a scotch," John said over his shoulder as he went into the cabinet. Sherlock noticed the small differences between his flat and John and Hamish's. Though his was bigger, John's felt more comfortable. The living room was cluttered with books, bicycle parts, gears, a broken chemistry set, medical books. John and Hamish's life and hobbies were all laid out in the room.
John looks over the group of five men, he comes closer to them, stepping closer into the light. The man in the middle raises his head, and looks frightened of John. He jumps back a bit on the bench, trying to put as much space between him and John as possible.
"Absolutely," Sherlock smiled, squeezing his hand, "Your son is a genius. They've narrowed down the killer in that case because they were able to pin down murder date and time since they looked into tissue freezing."
His older brother had boxed his ears for staring but he just couldn't help it. He'd never seen that look on his brother's face. Sherlock didn't understand why his brother's cheeks were mottled pink and his ears red, nor why he was breathing so heavily. He was just standing there, barely touching another man!
"So," she smiled, "I'm going to have to give Sherlock here a new nickname." She walked away, carrying her clipboard and her binder.
John receives Mycroft's text.
"Sherlock, Sherlock, where did this come from, love?"
"I'm sorry, to barge in when you have company, but I was worried," John looked as if he hadn't slept since his shift ended the night before, " I just wanted to see you were ok."
What is he trying to get her to believe with these sentences? What is the narrative he wants her to believe? Words carefully chosen.
Painted on the white wall outside the Captain's office was the message "If you marry those fags, someone will die." For some reason, this reminded John of a Harry Potter book, but he couldn't recall why.
John returned with a tumbler for each of them, and sat next to Sherlock on the couch. He had to shove some books on to the floor to make room. Sherlock took a few moments to breathe and sip on his drink. John was content to stay quiet, rubbing his fingers over the top of Sherlock's knee.
Sherlock looks at him, the wide, adoring, open look he's given him only a handful of times. When he commanded the room to move to save the Bloody Guardsman. The first time he told Sherlock he was brilliant in front of other people. When Sherlock first caught John's eyes at the pool after being captured by Moriarty. With an orange blanket over his shoulders, as Sherlock realized John was the sharpshooter who took out the cabbie, catching John's eyes across the car park.
Sherlock stuttered, "My mother always kissed my wounds when I got hurt."
Near the space where John had been marking his countdown, above it, in Sherlock's sprawling print, is written
When John crawled into bed, he laid on the right side, Sherlock on the left. John turned inward to look at Sherlock as he crawled into bed beside him. Sherlock looked at John from under dark eyelashes. Sherlock put his hands over John's, rubbing them, holding them up to his face to study them. He brought John's ring finger to his mouth and kissed it gently, reverently, breathing out "John," as he exhaled. John knew if he'd been standing he would have crumpled to the floor.
Sherlock wakes to the sound of rain against the windows and John humming against the back of his neck. He leans back into John's warmth, wrapping his fingers around John's forearms.
"Um, Captain, uh--"
John put his forehead on Sherlock's and breathed. He cradled his head with his forearm, stroking his hair back onto the bedsheets. He looked at him, feeling his wetness and the heat of his groin, and his anxiety in the small undulations of the younger man's hips.
"I know," John finally says, "I know." The doctor comes in, a young man who is bright, and cheery, and who has never grieved a day in his life. Sherlock will hate him, tear him to pieces, but surprisingly Sherlock is silent. John finally squeezes Sherlock's hand, tells him "I'll go out and make a call, update Mrs. Hudson." Sherlock knows, he's calling Mycroft. He doesn't argue. The doctor begins prattling, a nurse enters with morphine, and John leaves Sherlock for a few moments. He clenches his jaw as he enters the hallway, calling Mycroft, formulating how he's going to begin his battle plan.
Sherlock has woken in hospitals of all sorts with all types of injuries. When he's on a case, he doesn't eat or drink much, so when the case is nearly done, and he's injured towards the end of it, he collapses. A normal person may have the reserves to stay awake, or fight off the final assault, but Sherlock never does. He prays he lives, collapses, and wakes in hospital. It's for the best, as he lives alone.
"Did my brother take to the idea?" Mycroft looks up at him from under his eyelashes.
"Sherlock, you look exhausted. Food, and then sleep, ok? I don't want to have to nurse you back to health again," But John was still smiling, pushing himself up off the floor, giving Sherlock a hand to pull up and stand up. When they were both standing, John squeezed Sherlock close and kissed his neck and jawline.
"Oh for God's sakes," Sherlock huffs off, and changes into one of his impeccable outfits. John comes to stand in the doorway between his bedroom and the hallway, cocking his hip and crossing his arms and right foot over the left.
Sherlock picked his head up off of the bed. John could barely see his halo of curls through the fading moonlight.
He is advantageous with those he exploits as well. A tax examiner. An architect. A memory retention coach. All of them have services to offer, at a discount or for free, if he has their pressure point.
"I just wanted to see you in the kilt. I got dressed up how I thought you'd like. I didn't know what happens after this."
They had kissed some in hospital, but most of their time was spent talking with the doctors and nurses about John's care and rehabilitation. Sherlock took this opportunity to kiss him, soundly, nibbling on his lower lip.
Sherlock had prepared a satchel to conduct a pasture experiment. He figured it would calm his nerves. Before he made it out the door William stopped him, advising John wanted to see him.
John had simply learned a page from Sherlock's book.
They walked into chaos when they found the wife in the kitchen. There were pots and pans on the floor, and she was holding another pot and banging it on the side of the counter. Dimmock's partner was in the corner, frozen in shock, just watching her. Sherlock grabbed John's arm, pivoting them both so they were within their line of sight. Sherlock removed his coat and put it over the couch, rolling his sleeves up to his elbows. His shirt was a little loose to give his arms room to move. He wore braces, dark gray, and on his forearms were tattoos. John wanted to study them, to run his hands over him, but it was completely inappropriate. Instead, he busied himself by taking out his phone and making sure he had the notepad and BSL app ready.
Sherlock tried to gulp air into his lungs. Did John expect to use the oil right now? Was that part of the betrothal process? Is that why William had bathed him and Tavis had given him the unscented oil to carry on him at all times? Was he expected to just do it with him whenever he wanted?
"So," John cleared his throat, "You're not the stable boy, then?"
Sherlock was surprised, "You don't want to watch the news stories about our case?"
"What if it's the wrong one and they lock John up forever?" Sherlock couldn't hide the emotion in his voice.
"Captain Dr. John Hamish Watson,"
"I'm fine, Greg. You and Mycroft should get home."
"John," Sherlock moaned, "I love you, husband. I love you. Be mine, always?"
"No, I'm not, and you can call me Sherlock. I'm used to just being alone with my violin or my skull to keep me company."
Sherlock turned away, his face red, "No, I bought you a gift to wear, too, it's on the bed."
Sherlock has his forehead on the floor, grabbing at the scrap of fabric around his neck. He is wailing, sobbing, grasping for air.
Cries of "Here, here!" and claps on Mike Stamford's back, "Congratulations, Cupid!" punctuate the raising of the glasses to Sherlock and John's full kiss.
Sherlock stepped out of the shower and into a towel John held in his arms. John wrapped Sherlock up, cradling him against his chest, John's lips reaching Sherlock's jaw, "You smell heavenly, Sherlock." He said, handing Sherlock the clothes. As he dressed, John watched him, letting his eyes roam over his lean frame.
Sherlock turned around, which was a mistake. His fly was undone and his shirt unbuttoned. John stared at his chest and the trail of black hair that disappeared into his pants.
"Sherlock, we just started. We can slow down. Let's-"
Jaime yelled out, "It's still early in the morning, lads! You'll have plenty o'time for that later!" Mycroft pulled away from his new husband, still attached by the hand with the wrapped tartan. He teetered a bit, Gregory pulling him close to kiss him on the cheek. Mycroft and Gregory looked down, resting their foreheads against each other, as they wove their fingers together. Mycroft looked up to the guests and called for silence.
"John, it's one room, you can see me. I'll be right back."
John looked at Sherlock, watching him as he took the information and changed it into signs. He was expressive, not only moving his hands and arms but gesturing the words with his mouth. When he finished, she hung her head, moving out from behind the counter, Dimmock's partner coming forward to handcuff her. As he led her out, Dimmock pulled out witness statement, asking Sherlock basic questions about himself for the official report. As Sherlock and Dimmock typed back and forth, John found out his last name was Holmes, he was just a few years younger than John and he had interpreted a few times before in the police department.
"Oh, Sherlock. I chose you. I've chosen you. I want to be with you. It is an arranged marriage but I have wanted you since I first spoke with you," John kissed him, then pulled a paper from the folds of his kilt, "I've written you notes, darling, so you can keep them and always remember how I feel about you. I've left notes tied to rocks with ribbons and sprigs of flowers for you to follow. Follow the notes and the clues, and you will find me at the end of them, ready to marry you."
"The mission...was..."
"And then you may kick me out onto the street. You can re-break my ribs, if you'd like. But we will discuss this. Tonight."
"Yes." John disconnects, considers hailing a cab, but decides to burn off nervous energy by running instead.
"No," Mycroft answers. John watches Moriarty relax.
He's spent the past 32 hours awake, traveling to face his sworn enemy, who is now his comrade in this crazy scheme against Mary. He wonders about their flat. Will Sherlock sleep at Mycroft's? Does he even miss him? Or is he still in the Czech Republic running around with Moriarty?
"I haven't fully taken the idea off the table that your son isn't psychic."
As rain gently drizzles, Sherlock weaves, walks, runs his way back to 221B. He skids on trash and slides sideways into a wall, scraping his knuckles and knee into uneven bricks.
Harry stepped in front of John, putting her hands on either side of his face, "Breathe, John. You're hyperventilating. It's not your fault-"
John and Sherlock stood next to each other, elbows deep in soapy water that filled stainless steel, industrial sinks. The water was so hot it caused Sherlock's arms to flush, even though he wore gloves. John bumped into him after every pass of dishes from wash to rinse, grinning at Sherlock under his blonde eyelashes. When the dishes were finished, John gave Sherlock a peck on the cheek and grabbed his hand.
Sherlock's clothes are drenched, and cold, and stick to his body. His teeth chatter, and he giggles, his fingers unable to work his trousers and pants down over his hips.
Don't ever leave me, Sherlock. I will always defend you. I will defend your honor against kin or enemy. I will always choose you. Do you know that?"
"Sherlock," John huffed as the younger boy bent him over a piece of a metal, gymnasium bench. The lines in the metal caused a pleasing bite and scrape against his belly. He felt cold air as Sherlock pulled his jeans down just enough to expose his hole, slicking his fingers with spit and pushing just the tip of his finger inside.
"Oh, always something," John groaned, kissing on Sherlock's neck, his jawline, "When he goes to bed, maybe?"
Sherlock's reaches under him to grab around his chest and place him as gently as possible on the bed. John grabs his fingers before he can move away to go to the kitchenette.
John leaned down, looking into Sherlock's eyes, "Yes. A wedding gift."
, and rudely left us," Sherlock smiled again, kissing John on his cheek, moving closer to speak into John's ear, "Would you like to go out with me instead?"
"Sherlock, sod it, I exert myself more in physical therapy, for god's sake, touch me, kiss me, do something. I've been married to you for over a month and I've missed most of it-" John, in a burst of energy, grabbed the lapels of Sherlock's jacket and hauled him closer, kissing him fervently, nibbling his lips, "Sherlock, touch me, something."
Sherlock puts himself down beside him, turning his head to look in his eyes. He feels his pulse on his neck, his wrist. He rubs his fingertips up and down the inside of his arms, "You're dehydrated and you may have caught something from drinking the river water. Get back in bed."
As they snuck through the alleyway Sherlock dared ask, "Did you help build the restaurant? Some of the flourishes on the moulding looked like what you'd started on the set."
"Nice to meet you, Lord Watson," Sherlock sidestepped introducing himself, "I hope you'll be comfortable here."
Before John had sat down Sherlock began an interrogation. And because Sherlock was British, and male, and even more because he was
Sherlock clicked at Laoch, urging the stallion forward. John turned around, and smiled. Sherlock was working up the nerve to ride beside John and reach for him, when John spurred his horse forward. Infuriatingly, John had taken this as a challenge to race. Sherlock yelled for him to stop, but John and Soilleir only ran faster. Within minutes, they were within view of the homestead. A fire was blazing, twice as high as the house, and the men and women were dancing and singing around it.
"Robert, tell me. Tell me everything." Mycroft braces as Robert leans back into his embrace.
John watches Moriarty's face as he agrees to it all without question. He's lovesick, tired, nervous. He asks to speak to Seb again one more time, voice cracking. John expects Mycroft to take some pity, but he doesn't. Firmly, he explains that he will be rewarded with more and more visits with Seb the more he cooperates.
Keep it close to the truth, surround it with truth. Only lies have details.
John went to the doorway and called out, "Hamish, what did you say Mr. Detective was going to do when we told him about the fridge and moving his foot and fingers?"
"Problem?" Sherlock kisses John before he can answer, still guiding him to the bed by his waist and his hips. He's rubbing his hands up and down his sides, pulling at John's clothing and his own. Before Sherlock can complete the task, John feels dizzy.
"Can I come see you tomorrow?"
Sherlock coughed, his ears turning pink, "Sherlock is my first name. My name is Sherlock Holmes." John smiled at him, but Sherlock was unsure of what he'd said or done that was amusing.
"You've cared for me so," Sherlock began, his voice quivering, "You have been so kind, gentle and loving. My heart aches for you, luachmhor John. I do not wish to be separated from you."
"Dr. Watson, Sherlock." Mycroft nods at them both as he settles on the couch. It strikes John as odd, as normally Mycroft opted to take John's chair. There is no hint on his face that he had just watched the two of them scanter from the bathroom to the bedroom naked.
"Stay here, let me get you something."
he would propose. He just needed to work on the other details. They continued kissing, holding onto one another, ignoring Hamish's pleas that "he couldn't possibly process the blood sample with all that noise going on."
Greg grinned. The room had filled out and the morning session was set to begin in 10 minutes. He gestured to the front, "Well, I've got someone I've been talking to. We had a drink last night and talked for a long time. I got her number. She's a peach. I can't wait for you to meet her."
Sherlock nodded, pushing himself further up on the couch, putting his feet up on one side only.
"Say that again."
"My lassie is raven
John gave a dazzling smile. That same smile that had made him the rumoured
Sherlock walked, then ran, as his thoughts sped up. The scaffold that had been inspected. The stage scenery that John had masterfully built. The inspection by Moriarty of the set that had coincided with Anderson's accident with the scaffolding and his death. Everyone in the theatre community had their suspicions of Moriarty for a long time.
"-Alright."
John, who has never interrupted Sherlock's playing, can't help himself, "Why are you playing the song you wrote for Irene?"
John reaches over to the right side of the bed, reaching for (Sherlock? A pillow? A blanket?) He feels empty air and then realizes he's tumbling off of the bed onto the floor. His backside and hip fall with an enthusiastic thud and he knows he'll have a bruise.
Sherlock wanted to look down again, but he forced himself to keep eye contact. He wanted John Watson to know how much he appreciated that he gave him a choice. That he wasn't treating him as property, or as something to be used and tossed aside. John had already shown himself to be kind, and Sherlock wanted him to know he appreciated it.
The three boys and Mrs. Hudson found their particular way of life very agreeable. They all had enough space in the flat to be by themselves when needed, but they never felt lonely. Mrs. Hudson was happy to keep Hamish with her when John and Sherlock had to bound away on cases. John never got tired of watching Sherlock's mind work. His quick deductions, his conclusions drawn based on small amounts of available evidence. He loved Sherlock most when he could see him becoming impatient or angry with someone who didn't understand. He could almost hear Sherlock's inner monologue, as he'd taught Hamish to understand as well, "No one has a mind like you. But if you're cruel in reminding everyone how brilliant you are and how slow they are, you will be brilliant, Hamish. But you will be
As they climbed in the cab, John caught a new wallpaper on Sherlock's phone: the flowers John bought him.
"Is that so?" John looked up at him. Pushing his hair out of his eyes. He was always touching his hair, every excuse he could get he was touching his hair.
The church is comforting.Years ago, he'd been shot on the steps of an Afghan church. Staring hazily into the smoking sky, his own blood pooling out, rolling down the steps and into the cooling sand, he thanked the Universe that it gave him something beautiful to gaze at while he passed away. In the shadow of a potentially dangerous firefight, a church was his preferred sanctuary.
Hamish clicked the torch off, "Sorry, was the smell causing your eyes to water? I don't know that I've calibrated the ventilation system quite right yet."
Sherlock pushed harder.
"Brother dear," he crosses the room to ruffle his brother's curls, "We'll have a secured phone line between you and your John by tomorrow night."
Sherlock tried to ask John more questions, but John shushed him with a kiss. John stroked Sherlock's ribs, his hip, his outer thigh. He pecked a kiss on the end of his nose, "Read all my notes in order. I'll see you when you've solved the riddles."
Sherlock winced, attempting to push himself up on his forearm, "Home, where I always go."
"What is your name?" He asked, flipping through each playbill.
"Sherlock," he sinks to the floor, sitting beside him, "Sherlock, no."
Mr. Watson sighed, "Sherlock, son, please sit." His eyes were soft, his tone pleading, "We can come across, as quite intense. We just-" he gestured his hands in a circular motion, as if he were using his hands to bring him an idea, "I guess we're extremely happy for John and excited to meet you. We just want you to know that. John has had a hard time meeting people, and we're happy that he introduced you."
Sherlock looked back at John. John avoided eye contact.
Tavis smiled, "As you wish."
"But you're together."
Instead, he looked into John's face. His eyes were nearly shut, his mouth was slightly open, and he was breathing quickly. What was causing him to act this way?
Sherlock took one look at John's face. He followed Hamish into the lab.
Sherlock shook his head, "I mean it's…it's not really real, is it?"
John's fingers itched just to pop a bullet in between Moriarty's eyes. The last time he'd seen him was in his ridiculous performance as Richard Brooks, and then everyone had said what a liar Sherlock was. Jesus, now they were all in another country, Sherlock and Moriarty sitting at a table like they were waiting for tea, while Mycroft, John, and soldiers stood at the ready around the two men.
John can't take it anymore, "What the actual fuck, Mycroft?"
Even though they slept in different bedrooms, there was something comforting in hearing others rustling around in the house. Sherlock wasn't looking forward to his first morning when Hamish wasn't his alarm clock. His few days here were happy, and he was thankful of the situation that left him with John to take care of him.
"Hello," Robert is startled, "I thought the car was just going to take me to your home?"
John heard Sherlock flop backwards on the bed with a groan. John responded affirmatively for the both of them, and they entered the ship's honeymoon suite a day early.
When Mycroft is halfway down the stairs, he hears Sherlock yell for him. When he runs back in, Sherlock is undressed, eyes wide, huddled in blankets against the headboard.
Sherlock goes out the flat's back entrance; he's just kissed John goodbye and told him he'd be gone no more than an hour.
"Oh, my prince, I'm sorry." John guides him, places him in the front of the tub where the water is warmer, the doctor climbs in behind him and adjusts so Sherlock is leaning back onto John.
John wrapped his arms around the loves of his life, pulling them close. They were content to sit and talk, to hold each other, and just be together. The beginning of promises. The beginning of the rest of their lives.
"How are you, my beautiful boy?" Sherlock felt himself blush an the endearment. He couldn't believe the muscled body of John Watson. How he rolled himself up, the gorgeous look of his abs and hipbones.
(See the end of the chapter for
"John," Sherlock sits beside him, pulling him close, "I've waited so long for you..."
"Oh, no, I do makeup and prosthetic design. My actual name is William Sherlock Scott Holmes. My parents wanted to give my brother and I unique names."
"You love my hair," Sherlock grinned, rolling his eyes up as he tried to pick some lubricant out of his fringe, "You can't stop touching it, even when your hands are disgusting."
"May I kiss you, Sherlock?"
John and Sherlock watched Hamish for a  moment. John felt Sherlock squeeze his left hand, his finger pinched by the unfamiliar tug of the new ring on his finger.
Sherlock bit his lip. When he married, would his cousins continue with this never ending set of jokes and innuendos? Would he be nearly laughed at every time he left he and his husband's bedroom? He imagined it for a moment, then realized there may not be much to tease or discuss. He couldn't imagine he and his betrothed doing anything to make noise or shake a bed.
15 days. 15 to complete plans, finish construction on the fake façade, move in on taking care of Magnussen. He was kept fuzzy on the details of taking care of Mary, on purpose, but he knew the deadline was nearly the same.
John's breath hitches as he feels Sherlock's fingers digging around near his hip. Sherlock pulls his phone out of his pocket.
She believes Sherlock looks off, but just considers it to be nerves. (Begging for John? For them to be together?)
John looked at Sherlock, who kept his eye contact. John took his hand, rolling so he could feel his pulse. Sherlock's heartbeat was a bit quick, but not out of control, "You're real, Sherlock, and I would like to do this however you would like. I told you, I wouldn't mind not annulling it," John smiled again, grabbing his packed suitcase and snapping it shut, "Are you packed, will we be leaving soon?"
As soon as he opened his bedroom door, he smelled carrots, roast, and potatoes. He didn't know that his stove and oven even worked.  Mrs. Hudson, John, and Hamish were all on the living room floor, playing Cluedo. John and Hamish were arguing whether or not the victim could kill themselves, as Hamish could see no other option. Mrs. Hudson was laughing, barely able to breathe, tears streaming down her face.
Down the path from his parents' large house, Sherlock saw the foundation of a new blackhouse rising from the ground. As his parents and he walked closer, he noticed a stone horse paddock was marked out, and an off site kitchen hut. Sherlock wrinkled his brows.
As they moved towards the captain's dining room John stopped him, "You think the Captain is behind this somehow? "
"I'm not sure. There were pieces of messages and phone calls last night, but he kept talking about Greg-"
He laughed, and they jogged to the elevator and downstairs to the hall just in time to see the staff bringing up his PowerPoint and placing a glass of water on the podium. Greg clapped John on the shoulder, told him good luck, and then moved to the front row to sit in front of Molly and Sherlock.
The Captain Watson voice. He would not be swayed. Sherlock felt a chill go down his spine, for everyone involved, if anything happened to Hamish Watson. Sherlock was determined that the boy would come out safe.
John throws his arm over his eyes to shield himself from the light. Jesus, why does he feel drugged. Too much adrenaline, anger, and guilt over a short amount of time? Sherlock is rubbing his hands up and down his biceps, his arms, "John, are you ok?"
John gave the handkerchief to Sherlock, pressing it gently into his palm. Sherlock put it up to brow and used it to dab at the perspiration. He tried to hand it back, but John insisted he keep it.
John put his chin on his knees, "Just nervous, I guess. I don't want to push you into anything."
"Well, I mean it wasn't. I mean, you could've adjusted his back without touching him so much."
"Where is he?" John asked, his voice scratchy. He had been riding toward the east and had been calling for Sherlock most of the afternoon.
"Why didn't you at least answer your texts? Or tell me where you were going? You just left. You didn't even tell me you were leaving, you just walked out-"
"Sherlock, what in the
"Is this what we're going to do while we await Mycroft's orders?" John asks, holding onto Sherlock, grinning.
Sherlock went into rapid fire
"John," he pulled back so he could look into his face, "That's my default mode, is to be standoffish and arrogant and a right bastard. I've tried to be better, to do better, but sometimes I'm still angry and dark and depressed."
John didn't quite understand, but he didn't stop him, "However, I'm not sure how to recognize this in myself. I know what you're thinking, dad, that I'm too young. But in 3 to 4 years I will reach puberty, and this is an important age to begin discussing feelings before the onslaught of hormones and body changes that may cause my rational mind to take a backseat for a while. There is the state of being
"Daddy! Don't cuss!"
-----
John turned, looking over his beloved's delighted face, "Why? It seems like the perfect locked door mystery. No one can get off or on. At least in between ports."
Tavis held Sherlock's hands between his, "John can't stop talking about how much he loves you. How sharp your mind is. You didn't see him those days you were completely asleep. He was heartbroken. Devastated. He knows you as well as he can in this short courtship. He won't cast you aside."
John gestures to his shoulder, and then Sherlock's chest, "Just a silly thought how these two bullet wounds led us here. To us."
Charles Augustus Magnussen.
"No, you don't. But Magnussen is terrifying, more than anyone I've seen, even the bravest, falter when he attacks. He never kills with a weapon, but I've seen him destroy families, marriages, lives."
Sherlock turned around to face Dimmock, pointing at him. He then signed back at the wife. After a few more minutes of this back and forth, Sherlock grabbed John's arm and moved him closer to Dimmock. He took John's phone and handed it to Dimmock, mimicking writing with a pen. He raised his eyebrows at John.
Sherlock took the half eaten breakfast tray off of the bed, leaving the vase with the rose on the end table. As he sat back down, John grabbed him around the waist, pulling him close. Sherlock grinned as Hamish continued to explain, "I know that daddy loves you, papa, because we were lonely, too, before we met you. Daddy is so much happier with you here. He laughs so much more with you around, and he doesn't stay up all night after having his army nightmares."
Sherlock smiled, "I just thought it would convey I was on my marriage cruise and honeymoon. That I wasn't working."
John and Sherlock, much to Sherlock's annoyance, snap back to paying attention to Mycroft. Sherlock stubbornly stays on John's lap, rolling his hand gently on his back. John bites back a smile; he's remembering an old school girlfriend that loved to crawl on his lap and snog with him in nearly the same position.
John thought.
Sherlock is shaking; he hadn't been thinking that John would've been on a hair trigger and ready with his gun. Sherlock had been hoping to strip down and crawl naked into his bed (their bed) and wrap himself around his doctor to warm up. A bath together sounds lovely, however.
They are suddenly talking all at once, John starting, Sherlock starting, but they stop. Their words are all over one another, "I'm sorry...if I would've known....I waited, as long as I could....I waited," Their breath and words mingle, it's unsure who is speaking, who has started, who has ended the conversation. They still are not touching. They are close, eyes close, never breaking contact.
Sherlock was chewing on his thumb. John noticed Sherlock was wearing his wedding ring. John reached his hand out to touch it, and couldn't quite reach. Sherlock, still silent, reached into his shirt and pulled out the other ring, dangling on a chain around his neck. He snapped the chain, pulling the ring free. He raised his eyebrow, and John nodded. Sherlock slipped the ring over John's ring finger.
The incidents were so spaced out, and involved such various degrees of accidents and incidents, that Moriarty never expected a pattern to be found. Within a span of a few hours, Daemon and Sherlock found the link and a possible motive. Insurance payouts.
John watches Sherlock's face. They are both crying. God, what's wrong with him?
told me to leave. You didn't want to talk to me-"
"Where else, Sherlock?" John grinned, kissing him as he laid him on his back onto the cushions, "You are gorgeous. Can I? Can we?" He looked up at Sherlock, then began peeling away his own shirt. Sherlock had seen most of this before, his nipples poking through the shirt, his abs, his muscles across his back and shoulders, but having it laid out for him was breathtaking.
Love has been a vicious motivator.
Read updated tags
John stopped. There was a shaking crash, a clattering of metal. A car crash? A bomb?  There was yelling. Too close to be outside.
"Jesus, John," Sherlock quickly dials his phone, "Mycroft, please, can you come here?"
After hiding under an awning during the quick cloudburst, he takes out John's letters. He doesn't understand. Did John not mean what he wrote? John was a terrible liar. But had he fooled him?
"No, my dear. I am a little sore, but I've done that a bit more recently than you."
Hamish pouted, "I want to come, too."
"Oh, Captain Watson. You know my brother's methods. Love, and friendship, at that time, were not his area. But the decision, Captain John Watson, was fully yours. I just hoped to point you two in the right direction, as I recognized you had the qualities, and the spirit, that we desperately knew he needed.  I dared hope you would save my brother's life as you did mine. To John Watson, whom we all love dearly as our brother, who is our brother fully."
John ran out of the prop closet, at a breakneck pace. He would've felt better if there were yelling. If there were screaming. But it was quiet. So quiet. He came around the corner of the green room to the stage.
"John," Sherlock placed his hand over John's, "I am terrified. It seems unwise, to embark on this, with your feelings for Greg," Sherlock noticed the pain that crossed John's face, "But, considering I very nearly died a few days ago, my tolerance for terror has raised quite a bit. You are worth it to me, Hamish is worth it to me, to work through it, if you're willing."
"No. Could you not tell?"
He'd taken so long to answer that John felt the need to fill the silence, "I'm sorry. You don't have to answer that. Especially if I've put you in an uncomfortable position."
"I love you, Sherlock. I love you so much," John guided the taller man so they were face to face again. John hooked his calf around the back of Sherlock's leg, forcing them together. He kissed Sherlock, gently, eyes open.
Sherlock took the phone and laughed, a silent laugh where his shoulders rose up and down and his eyes crinkled. He put the phone down and put his fist in the air, punching forward with an imaginary knife. He mouthed the word 'murder' as he did so. John laughed, taking the phone back.
Greg looked up, his eyes flitting from John to Sherlock. It didn't take a genius to feel the tension, "Didn't expect you back so soon. The girls' mother lives in this neighborhood so I thought I'd have them come over for a visit. We can go, to give you privacy."
Sherlock didn't understand why they were looking at him with tilted heads and half smiles. He looked at Tavis for an explanation.
"Sherlock," Mycroft was in front of him now, shaking his shoulder, "I'll come by in the morning, ok?" His eyes were gray green, different than Sherlock's blue gray. He always sounded like a big brother. He nodded, convincing them again that he was fine, that he could handle it. That they were welcome to
"You know the answer to that question." Mycroft pulls his phone back out, "I have some leads to follow. Get him home, give him my love. Keep this between the two of us. I will come by later. They won't keep him too long. I will double surveillance."
He recalls leadership military training. He remembers being barked orders and having his motives questioned at every turn by majors; Major Sholto questioning his tactics, treatment of new recruits, and the setup of his medical tent. Captain Dr. John Watson had to be able to explain and justify his thought processes quickly under pressure.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock looked at John. His eyes were watering, but he was pursing lips together so hard they were white.
John whispered, "You started it," which caused Greg to bite his lips to hold back a giggle. The speaker ended her portion, indicating a longer break between sessions. John sighed "Thank god," and headed right for the refreshments, grabbing another coffee. He jumped as he felt someone come right up behind him.
John muttered out loud, "Already with the fucking guilt." He turned  just right to see Sherlock's room, and his door open just a crack. He thought of Mycroft, and the inevitable just being moved forward, so he went into Sherlock's room and climbed under the covers. He turned on his side, on the left side of the bed, turned so he faced the door. He didn't intend to sleep; he intended to wait for Sherlock to come home so they could talk, or not talk, however they decided to communicate. "Inevitable," He mutters, his eyelids closing, no matter how hard he tried to keep them open.
At a stop light, he tapped Sherlock's arm. He'd found the sign for
Sherlock smiled back, a beautiful smile, and began signing back at a breakneck pace. John shook his head and held up his hands. Sherlock, still with a smile, held up a universal 'ok' sign and pulled out his phone with a notepad. John pulled out his BSL app, determined to make notes on what Sherlock was saying. Sherlock took the phone out of John's hands and found the sign for
Dearest Sherlock,
, and you were hugging him a lot."
They entered the living room, expecting to see Hamish and Mrs. Hudson still playing Cluedo, or watching a movie. Instead, the dining room table was knocked over onto the floor, and Sherlock's lounge chair was on its side. The Cluedo pieces were strewn all over the floor. John frantically ran from room to room, calling for his son.
“Yes, yes, I’m going to be ready on time.” The man murmurs clearly without paying attention. But remembering Mike's wedding when Molly was fussy about the colour of his tie and pocket handkerchief he asks with a smile “Any colour that I should avoid?”
Sally, thinking about the snogging session she had with Anderson instead of checking the screen, mutters, “I don’t know Sir, it just... One moment everything was normal and then –“
“Quick! You’ve got 10 minutes!”
But Lestrade who was near Sherlock surely laughs lok
Checking his bag for clean clothes his heart somersaulted when his hands touched Harry’s letter.
"What's her plan?"
Remaining silent, Sherlock motions John to speak first. "Do you have somewhere to go now?"
. He shrugs his shoulders, "but for now it must do, I don't have enough money for something nicer, even if a woman I know is willing to give me a nice price on something really central."
Only one chapter to go, for real! The end will follow soon :-)
John was still edgy over his one-sided discussion with his sister
The fact that the life of such a brilliant student, curious and eager to learn ended like that was a personal affront to Sherlock.
“I would try with pleasure, but I do not think that grey hair man is going to be pleased about –“
Reply by Doctor John H. Watson: You are crazy. Good night.
"So, it's no?" The clergyman asks playfully as many laughed.
“Yes, totally exclusive, I can definitively live with that. In fact, I want the same, as I am particularity possessive of you myself if you hadn’t noticed.”
“Please do be careful with his heart." The pompous man was looking so fragile, that John's guts twist a little as he nods, "One thing more, what were you doing in that closet, Doctor Watson? I’m curious.”
“I have someone who wants to talk to you.”
Whatever it is. MH
“Is that all?”
"Miss Morstan, I think it's better to stay out of this right now. This is between John and Sherlock."
Not acknowledging the return of the excited buzz, he quickly set up his session and, getting a grip on his emotions, he finally starts his lesson.
John, who is about to walk out of the classroom – he didn’t want the police to question him too closely – turns and watches the chemistry student who is still looking down at his bloody phone. “What did you say?” He walks back and grabs the gadget out of his hand to get his attention “How could you possibly know that?”
"I know, your sister knows big shots!" She laughs, thinking about the email she had received a few hours ago with the request of getting her brother to the London Eye at quarter to midnight. "Quick, John! We only have 10 minutes left!" Raising her eyes she spots an elegant woman with a little sign with their names on it. "Oh! It's there! Hi! My name is Harry Watson, and these are my two guests."
Sherlock hasn’t RSVPed? MH
The fact that he was completely left out of the conversation didn’t help. At all.
An amused voice coming from the door makes them jump in surprise, “ETA, 7 minutes if the traffic lights are on his side.”
Putting down his buzzer - his table was about to win the Pub Quiz anyway – he follows the men discreetly with his eyes as they walk through the crowd to a little table in the corner. After a quick one-sided discussion with the couple who is drinking and minding their own business, they take command of the table, sit and wait
“Yes, and no. And no.” At his friends’ questioning gazes, he explains. “Yes, I met someone at Mike wedding. It was just one night, and no, he’s not here.” Finishing his drink, he pushes the glass away from him.
“Sherlock...”
As they both remained immobile, thousands of Londoners walking joyfully around them, the detective's phone starts buzzing. And buzzing. And ringing.
"Hi!" She smiles at their little group. "I'm going to share the pod with you! My name is
“So sorry, again, and again,” the detective says while he soothingly strokes the older man’s back, “it was a real torture to try to stay away from you. I knew it wasn’t right on so many levels, but I wasn’t... It wasn’t a game, you’ve got to believe me. I wasn’t able to stay away.”
"Are you hiding something, Harry?" John shouts from the living, suspicious.
Happy about the possibility of a relationship with Sherlock but full of worry because of his escape from the cemetery, he opened a kitchen cupboard for a bottle of whisky and poured two fingers in a heavy glass.
“Okay, boss.”
"Where?" He turns around looking for Mary, but he wasn't able to find her.
Bing, bing, bing, bing... 20, 40, 60, 80, 100 emails! They finally stop after he receives a staggering 137 new emails.
Only one chapter left!
And Watson? Do you have an eye on him? GL
“Yes...” John replies, absentmindedly “Then I saw him at Scotland Yard after we shared a ride in a panda car.” Another sigh. “Anyway, he’s my student. I can’t do anything.”
"I know that you want to know what happened after we left each other last night..." He waits a bit, knowing that his friend will probably tease him relentlessly, and drinks his coffee silently for a minute. "I had to go to the hospital, you know... I couldn't just let him be there alone."
“You minx! Don’t chide me with my own words!”
Opening his eyes suddenly, John fights against the tears that were starting to form under his lids and presses the heel of his hands on his eyes. Pushing his dream away.
Without a word, the frowning DI pushes a lilac card emblazed with intricate initials as well as flying birds.  With mortification, Mycroft opens the document slowly, knowing perfectly well what he was holding.
in front of him placed a hand on his wounded shoulder.
"No, idiot, for Sherlock!"
"Yes."
The groom stares at him as if his decades-old friend was crazy. "Of course it is what I want! What are you saying?"
"Even if it's not what you wanted?"
“No, no, of course... it’s just that it’s been a long day, but we need to keep an eye on Sherlock tonight as we finally have a lead –“
"WHEN?" John asks angrily.
Reply (2)
Clara quickly hugs John."What!? The woman is crazy! You are a catch!"
"No, no... not a game." The detective was taken aback by the doctor's attitude. "Seriously, what kind of game can be that dull... I am as
A small crisp smile on his face, he asked, “ready for dinner?”
“Don’t touch anything, you know... fingerprints and everything.” He shows his phone playfully to his lecturer. “I’ve texted a friend that I’ve got in the police, he’s going to come discreetly to check for fingerprints, that sort of thing.” He can’t tell him that he is working with the police, not until the case is closed, or at least not until Watson’s role in this was made clearer. “Should be here within 15 minutes... You can go if you want, I’m going to wait for him.”
Nonplussed at the reason why John, having finally been able to keep a woman around him because he wasn't there to spoil everything wouldn't fight to keep her, the detective utters sadly. "Why?"
He was trying to do something with his hair, he kept it shorter than usual but it was still curly, when he heard moaning on the other side of the door, followed by sobbing and mumbling. Without hesitation, he entered the darkened room. John was in bed, fully dressed in clean clothes, in the middle of what looked like a terrible dream. Unsure of what to do, he advanced closer to the bed. He slept well last night,
(See the end of the chapter for
"No, not him, you are really not that quick for a DI, Greg." She smirks, with a glint in her eye. "WE are going to reply for him!"
“It’s... wonderful, darling.”
"A date?" the doctor laughs merrily at the madman. "We don't know each other, I didn't even know your name, and you want to go on a date?"
“Don’t tell me what to think about my brother, DI Lestrade, just be sure that nothing unsavoury happens, that’s all I require.”  Greg shudders at what he knows for a fact was a very unsubtle insinuation that Holmes wasn’t overly confident about the Met’s ability to protect his brother... and to keep him away from the sweeties.
"It's good then, no?" Mycroft argues looking at the happy couple that was still going down the aisle, stopping every two steps for kisses and
"John..."
Even though he was unlisted, finding Doctor Watson's address had taken only a few minutes. Checking the schedule of the next train to Portsmouth, taking the half-an-hour ferry ride, getting a room, a car already waiting for him in the parking... all that in only a few hours.
Entering the flat cautiously, he groaned at the sight in front of him.
? “What are you talking about?”
What are you doing? MH
John turned in Sherlock’s direction as soon as the door was closed. “Care to explain?”
"Right, but at some point, he's going to know! Anyway, we are not there yet..." His eyes glued on the screen he continues "I've been celibate for quite a while now because my lifestyle does not suit everybody." Greg chuckles,
"She never been the woman of his life, be realistic, Sherlock. She couldn't."
“What can I say, John, love is a strange emotion –”
“Doctor Watson! How are you!” the old lady asked with a mischievous grin.
Shaking his head, Holmes light-heartedly interrupts the policeman, “he was on your suspect list for days –”
"Yes," Mike replies smugly. "One of my finest hours."
"NO!"
“I’m sorry, but I have to go –“
He discreetly spotted a few military men at the back of the pub, unable to read more about them because of the low lighting. Even if the uniform were less theatrical then a century ago, it was always a sight to be reckoned with. Something about the power, the control, the will to follow or give orders. The routine, the strict precision of it… He sighed as fond memories surged in his mind.
His mind already elsewhere, he didn’t remember the conversation at all, he nods briefly before walking out of the venue to go to the parking lot where a black car was waiting for him to bring him back to his miserable flat.
John is finally leaving his place and ready to call a cab when a posh black car stops in front of him. A beautiful woman, unknown to him, opens the door and motion him to get inside.
17:33 Bored
Yes, keep up. I don't like to repeat myself. SH
"And the most horrible thing is that they never realized that the other was thinking the same..." Reminiscing about how his wife was always talking about how they could have become a great couple, he continues. "To think that I've done everything to bring them together... all for nothing."
Jumping out of the car, Sherlock pulls the poor example of a man out of his seat, took his place and starts the car. Leaving a stunned bastard alone in the middle of the A10.  The whole operation took less than a minute.  “Don’t worry Molly, the next village is only a few miles away.”
"I'm fine, it was spectacularly superficial." He shrugs his shoulder, not wanting to elaborate on the extent of his injuries
“What is it?” The doctor asked anxiously, before realizing that he was using his bandaged hand, “sweet, love, darling, don’t worry... I am not afraid of you. You did not do that, it was that psycho.”
“Yes, we matched him with someone in our database, his name is Sebastian Moran. He’s an army ex-colonel, now known as the right-hand man of the leader of a criminal organisation.” Looking at the screen of his phone, he shows a photo to Sherlock, “that’s him, right?”
Where are you going? MH
It wasn’t really what he wanted deep down, but he surely needs the money. He sighed melancholically.
“Older... Older... He’s what, five years my senior?” The detective complains even if he knows that his brother was right,  “I’m not a real student also, don’t forget!”
"Don't worry Molly,"  John's voice was sickly sweet "I know that he's able to twirl you around his little finger when he needs something... but you! YOU!" he points at Greg, "I thought you were my friend!"
e same page on this!
just reached the top of the Mystery list!”
Eyeing the front of the church where the doctor was waiting for Mary to walk down the aisle, he murmurs, "a bit late for that..."
John? I know you read it. Please, say something!
Until their lips aches, until the only sound was the combination of their beating hearts and raging breaths.
"It's all right, Sergeant," Holmes interrupts coldly "you weren't invited anyway so you needn't worry." In fact, Mycroft was the one who made sure that she was working that night... as he knew that it was going to be hard for his fiancé to invite his whole squad with the exception of Donovan. "Gregory, are you ready to go to lunch or do you prefer if I come back later?"
Laughing derisively, John repeats "7 bloody weeks! And not once did he... Okay, I've heard enough."
"SHERLOCK!!" As the house remains silent, he rushes down to the first floor and opens the front door where Simpson was talking with one of the men that belong to his entourage. "Have you seen my brother?"
"I will. Go... he doesn't know, but he's waiting for you."
Ouf! Done it, but 2 days late... Sorry, Fictober Gods/Goddesses!
Unaware of the starring role he was having in his flatmate dream Sherlock was sleeping on the sofa when his phone rings. (Bien sûr! it's only a dream, naughty readers! Sherlock won't take advantage of his drunk friend like that, shame on you!). Holding it in front of his eyes, he quickly replies. “Lestrade... it’s better be... WHAT! On my way!” Rushing to his bedroom to wake John, not noticing that the bedspread he placed over his friend was now in disarray as well as John's blissful expression, he shouts while placing a coffee on the nightstand before opening the window to let the sun in. “JOHN! Quick! A crime scene!!”
Smiling he thought about his last date with Sara and how she looked a bit sad to go away from him for Christmas.
After having changed his mind four or five times, driving the cab driver crazy, Sherlock was finally strong enough (or too much of a coward) to go directly to Baker Street instead of John’s flat. Slowly, he opened the door and – without being able to stop himself – he knocked softly at Ms Hudson’s door. At the sadness in her ward’s eyes, she quickly engulfed him in her arms, rocking back and forth to calm the young man who was now sobbing earnestly. “What’s wrong...” She knew better than to say that Mycroft had called to inform her that it wasn’t a good night for his younger brother.
It’s going to be hard to top yesterday, but I may have found something.
turns to look at Mycroft. "What's going on? Don't talk to Mary like that, she deserves to know what's going on, like me!"
The impact of a bullet against his bulletproof vest that pushed him to the sandy road finally brought him back to the present moment. Fighting to get his breath back, the blow thou not fatal still hurt like a bitch, he turned on his belly and started crawling away while staying out of the range of the gunmen.
John, silent, remains standing at his living room window, looking at the peaceful landscape.
, and protested. “No, no… I am paying attention to everything, sorry if –“
"How is married life?" Donovan asks, a little smirk on her lips.
"I've got an idea, maybe we could..." And the rest of the conversation was lost in chuckles and plans for John's happiness.
“Yes,” Anderson nods, “that it. I just rewound one of the videos a bit and that’s exactly what happened.” He is watching Mycroft Holmes in awe, dumbfounded at the idea that someone is already aware of everything. He promptly hands his boss the phone.
“Shit, shit, shit!” Lestrade swears, “what were you doing Donovan! It was your job to –”
Sunday is not over yet! John learns a bit more about Sherlock.
With a last look at Greg, Mycroft strokes his brother hair slowly. "Yes, 'Lock, you can go back to Baker Street. Not right now, but tomorrow, I swear."
Doing chores, nothing that can’t keep for something more interesting.
“Don’t forget, it’s Greg’s wedding tomorrow.” She frowns as her friend remains silent.
I am in the middle of fictober (One chapter a day...) and I can't find the time to continue this WIP. Don't worry, stay around it's coming!
I could give you five ways of...”
Lost in his thoughts, he hung his coat, removed his muddied shoes and was already beelining in direction of the bathroom for a shower when a voice stopped him.
"Yes, yes... It's just..." He smirks as he nods in the direction of the suit.
“Colonel! Got to go! The police are on there way.”
A new take on Mycroft and John first meeting in SiP:-)
So, we just want to say that you were not apologising/talking to a random stranger, but to our friend.  It's true that for you, he's still a random stranger! We've read your discussion and we want to tell you that you didn't need to apologize, your experiences in Afghanistan are simply colouring your feelings and that's normal.  And it's his opinion also. Our friend lives an eventful life, even if it can't be compared to being a soldier, and we can say without a doubt that he's done a lot of stupid things. Sometimes we feel that he thinks that he doesn't deserve to have friends or someone special in his life, something that we felt in your profile and your blog.  Which is utterly sad. For both of you. Nobody deserves to be alone.
“He didn’t want to be a part of it, didn’t want to give the whole recipe,” Sherlock continues, “so that poor excuse of a man decided to cause the academic fall of the young prodigy.” Opening his phone, he shows him screenshots that we was able to get his hands on, “a little anonymous message in the Facebook page of the Chemistry students association about how Smith research wasn’t that original – which was taken down after a day – was enough to convince him to work with you. In academic research, your name is everything.”
"Okay... let me see! Oh! It's a message from LondonSleuth!" She looks at Harry with a little smirk... "You told John that you wouldn't do that again!"
Sherlock chokes on his first sip of wine, “MY BROTHER!”
Full of brilliant stars.
Alone in his room, Sherlock sat on his bed trying to shake the discomfort he felt at the view of the other man’s distress. Knowing that someone is probably ‘a bit not good’ after being at war and seeing the consequence firsthand wasn’t the same thing.
Harry, as soon as the door closes, rushes to her home office with apologies that 'she must get on with her work!' When in fact, she spends the afternoon playing Candy Crush while sending Clara dirty texts.
He knew that his desire to stay at King’s was definitely linked to a beautiful tall young man, but he couldn’t think about that for now.
Eyes closed, John is pondering the discussion he had with his boss an hour ago. Instead of  being threatened of losing his job, the director simply warned him about going out in places where the students are going. The innuendo was clear, he must stay away from William. The most important thing for now was that he wasn’t dismissed!
Why not! Let me know what you are thinking about and I'll see if I'm free." Sherlock enthusiasm was obvious, to Mike's satisfaction.
Unable to stop giggling, John repeats Sherlock’s words to the American tourist that was in the cab they pursued, shaking his head at the pure insanity of their actions “Welcome to London!”
“I do not know you, you don’t know me, I don’t know where we are going… I don’t even know your name!”
(See the end of the chapter for
As he was looking around, his eyes fluttered at the view of a curvaceous blond woman, when Stamford discreetly nudged him in the direction of the pub entryway.
“Certainly perfect, Ms Maxwell, but I am not looking for anyone and –“
“Don’t think about it, you’re not stupid...”
Letting go of his fear, the brunet smiles shyly. "Yes, because I sorted out something of my own when you were at the altar."
“This is so obvious now! Don’t you see it!” Pointing the TA he explains “this useless waste of a human being, realized while correcting Smith’s paper that he had the potential of a great,” he stops, feeling Lestrade’s eyes on him, “a... strong drugs in his hands. With the help of his mate, McAlister, he decided to commercialize the drug. Only one problem!”
Getting out his keys, he put a hand on the doorknob when – to his surprise – the door opened by itself. Suddenly sober, he frowned.
"If it's dinner... and it's not going well it can be much longer, and then it will be more awkward at work..."
Spitting his beer, Mike asks incredulously “What? In a closet?”
And just like that, Doctor John H. Watson, ex-army surgeon, ex-captain in Her Majesty’s Army knows he’s in trouble.
He secretly watched the clock in the staff room and groaned silently.
"HARRY!" the doctor chides,
, John turns around to look at his so-called friends "Is it just me, or you all don't look surprised that he's alive..."
“Mike…” his friend chided, a bit tired of the way everyone always tried to match him with someone.
“It’s funny that people seem to want to shield you, when I personally think you are able to take care of yourself.”
“This is why it’s going to remain as we are right now…” Getting a USB drive from the back pocket of his trousers, he placed it in front of his old friend. “Are you interested in a third tome?”
“Willlllllliam! Are you all right?” It was Lucy, she spins around the detective, assessing his condition, “O-M-G! Are you hurt! When the fight started, I was so afraid that I wasn’t able to do a thing except calling the cops! Alan wanted to jump in the melee, but it was over so quickly!” Getting a grip on Sherlock’s bag, she says as she transfers it to her shoulder, “give me that! You must take care of yourself! Are you sure you’re fit to go to class?”
“What are you doing here, John? You shouldn’t be here.” The vampire’s cold tone unable to hide the sadness... and the hope. “You should be at your place.”
Okay, right. We can visit the flat if you want. SH
A little joyful commotion erupted in the pub when Stamford entered, as John’s college friend’s good and funny nature were appreciated by everyone.
"Don't overwork yourself, dear. You can't do everything at the office as well as help us with the situation here without taking care of yourself properly. Anyway, right now Sherlock is probably back to sleep, you can't entertain him. Take your day, go to the spa or something..."
“Thank you, got to go now I am really late!” Shoving it in his coat pocket he finally hurried out of the building.
Opening the door, she pushed him outside. “You are tired, you need to stay calm and think about all this, then talk to John when you are ready.”
A bit annoyed, the detective protests, “there’s nothing wrong about having a plan B and –”
“You said, ‘people’, who are you talking about?” Sherlock repeats annoyingly, thinking over the last weeks, trying to find a time when the doctor may have seen something that he shouldn’t. “Who ‘shielded’ me?”
“Oh... I see,” the big man pats his young friend hand, winking, “A bit nervous, yes, yes, I’ll get you a beautiful Chianti and a nice candle or two, more romantic –”
Blinded by his exasperation, one of his few flaws, he didn’t realize that Bidget, full of self-confidence following his meeting, is standing behind him. Until an heavy hand drops on his shoulder.
A year later, it's Mycroft and Greg's wedding...
"If not, why..." His worry for John was starting to clear his mind.
“For a few minutes, your pulse went crazy in that closet.” Sherlock smiles, looking at the clock.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Don’t talk like that about him!” The doctor protests, “it’s not right! Okay he likes to put his nose where he shouldn’t but it’s only enthusiasm! Remember how you were at his age and –"
wedding day isn't the best when... John and... what's her name again? Oh yes, Mary do not know that..." He sighs and closes his eyes a second. "Mary. It's a good name. A solid name. No fuss. Traditional. It pairs nicely with John."
yourself to be interested in me is nearer to the truth,” Sherlock argues, his mind elsewhere, “which is already better than many, Doctor Watson, I’m sure that this distinction was greatly appreciated by your subordinates when you were in the army. Too bad that it ended that way, psychosomatic limp and all.”
“John,” he murmured, “you need to get up you are having a nightmare.” When the doctor’s agitation didn’t diminish, he repeated, louder. “Watson, wake up!” Unaware that the dream was becoming even worse because of his presence, Sherlock placed a hand on the ex-soldier's shoulder and called once more, “you are dreaming, wake up John!” The look of horror on John’s face when he finally woke up was something that the detective didn’t see coming.
Both men remain silent for a few minutes, listening to the noises coming from the classroom. Watson’s heart is beating far too fast, his inner soldier unsettled by the idea of being in an enclosed space.
Smiling sweetly, Sherlock shakes his head. "But there is something you don't know, Miss Morstan."
Replacing the books silently, Sherlock swiftly walks back to the study room where his classmates are waiting. Lucy, smiling at her strange new friend, whispers, “we were starting to worry, William! Are you all right?”
“Colonel,” the new voice says at John’s surprise, “the boss asked me to give you someone for keep.” He chuckles as the noise of someone being drags nearby echoes in the room, “where do you want the package? It’s a special guest, as you know, don’t think he wants him on the cold floor of the warehouse.”
Shaking his head, John protests with a smirk "No, no, I don't want you to miss some good family time! Doing dishes is an important role in the familial dynamic."
Anger instantly replaces John’s overwhelming feeling of incomprehension and doubt.
"Sherlock, what's going on?" Molly probes softly, placing a light hand on his shoulder.
Until the pull towards John’s blood started to diminish.
. Take care, and give the man a break, would you?” With that, he turns away and walks out of the room to resolve the mess.
He stops again, now kilometres away from his flat and in a more secluded space. But he wasn't afraid, not when his army of irregulars is looking over him. Not when Mycroft is always looking over him. His vision slowly adjusting to the lack of luminosity, he checks around to smirks at the nearest CCTV but his eyes stop wandering when his gaze falls upon the sky.
“He’s not my date anymore... Let's just say that we weren’t compatible!”
small, but the concept of being voluntarily that isolated was something that he wasn't able to understand. Far from cases, far from his favorite restaurants, far from Bart's, a nightmare!
"Have you settled in your new home, you've been living there for a few months now, no?"
You have probably been swamped with hundreds of messages, way more interesting than ours, but... we just want to say that he was also 'the' anonymous who left you a message on your blog. It seems that he saw your blog when he came into the office and wasn't able to get it out of his head. So this part is solely his. He talked to us an hour ago, ashamed of himself, saying that it wasn't his usual behaviour to think about things like stars and such and even more not his style to actually talk about it, especially to a stranger!
"Oh... right."
“Yes, I think so, weddings are insane, if you think about it. She’s been on edge for weeks...” He turns to look at his wife, who was talking with her friends on the other side of the room. “The honeymoon is going to put everything back to normal!” Sniggering, Sherlock swiftly picked up his whisky-sour to hide his smile. “Oi mate! You are alone, so you can’t say a word about others who are in a happilyeverafterrelationship!”
“He didn’t read Holmes’ blog and it looks like he is presently walking as far away as possible from Angelo’s.” A dozen of sad exclamations and not so nice adjectives for the poor doctor resonate in the room.
True, and I’m still rooting for him as your in-law lol Are you keeping an eye on him? In case, you know, it turns sour. GL
"Yes, yes, I will." After a second she smiles. "So... Her name is Sara?"
Mike raises his glass as well, hoping to ease Greg's pain a bit. "To Sherlock!"
“Don’t sell yourself short, man, I know a few men and woman at the office who haven’t given up on you!” The number of times he’s been cornered by a besotted member of the Met! Asking him to put a word for them toward the dark but dreamy Byronic detective! “But, a flatmate could be good for you. if you find the right person. Keep searching. Being alone isn’t good for you, sometimes I worry, you know...”
"Here we go, Sir!"
“I missed the last one, come on mate! I really need help!” Ogling Sherlock’s body he mutters, “I won’t be... ungrateful.”  Suddenly, without further warning, he pushes the detective to the wall between two rows of lockers and shoves a hand in his pants. His fingers touching the detective’s cock without hesitation, clearly demonstrating how he plans to repay the service. “It could be beneficial to both of us.”
Multiple phone calls and texts from Molly, starting as soon as 10 AM, ensure that Sherlock was ready on time even if he barely slept the night before. He was still enthralled by his experiment but was (almost) gladly putting it aside for Lestrade. Even if... He still doesn’t know why the least idiotic member of the Met was marrying a serial adulterer.
Shaking his head, he moves his chair away from John and taps on it playfully. “Bring him here, Jake, I want to see first-hand what all the fuss is about.”
That bastard is going hard on the cute genius, where are the cops!  #GoldSwan #KingsCollege
“Sherlock... I don’t want to pry or anything but -”
Sherlock thought for the umpteenth time. To say that it wasn’t his usual scene was an understatement… and the happy-hour crowd did not help, at all!
The doubt of the first man is received by a harsh laugh. “Stop being a pussy, Harrison, since when do you mew like a babe when an opportunity to make more money appears!”
Unable to resist, John swiftly pulls on their hands to bring the man to his level and presses his lips upon Sherlock before calling a cab with his other hand.
"Okay..." Going back at the top of the page, he starts reading. "
“He’s not aware of that fact. You already have a few pictures of him holding you, I’m trying to get them erased but it’s not that simple.” Getting up, he presses his lips as if he was already regretting what he was going to say “I know someone who knows the dean, I’m going to ask her to put in a good word about Doctor Watson. He should be able to end the semester, at the very least.”
"You are too romantic, it doesn't work like that..."
Of course. SH
"Yes..." The doctor chuckles. "I do."
The fact that asking the man out was
"Yep. So that's it. Her ex-boyfriend was at her brother's Christmas party and they... they are ex-exes." I
This is how Mycroft found him, twenty minutes later. Kneeling beside him without a thought about his immaculate trousers, he placed a comforting hand on his younger brother’s shoulder. “First know that your doctor is safely back home, the sedative was mild and didn’t leave any lasting symptoms. His...” he paused a moment, “his small wounds have been taken care of.”  As the younger man remained silent and was still shaking, Mycroft sighed and sat carefully near Sherlock, back pressed against the cold brick wall.
John stops him, giggling again at the beautiful, clueless man, “catching a killer was your way out if I wasn’t there or if it was too awkward? Asking a friend to call you wasn’t enough?”
Getting over the fact that Sherlock was alive as just another quirk, the South American was laughing, retelling old adventures as well as sharing news about their common acquaintances. Alas, the detective wasn’t really paying attention as he was more preoccupied with trying to estimate the consequences of John knowing who he was.
John, nearly out of breath again at the sudden appearance of the beautiful man, stutters “William... shit... erm... Sherlock.”
"Nothing, Mike, nothing." Molly deflects, not wanting his plan to be too widely known!
Don’t worry, he’s out of the hospital and not alone at the moment at peak peevishness I assure you. He’s going to rest for the day than should be able to go to class tomorrow.
I've got nightmares and I scream sometimes in the middle of the night.
Laughing, the doctor quickly hugs his friend. Silently, they start walking in direction of the pub.
... A bit later, sitting in a nearby pub with some of the attendees, he sighs, thinking about the relationship between John and Sherlock.
,” Greg laughs (he clearly had overheard John calling Sherlock a bastard!) “is this a new friend?”
as he watches her walk slowly down the aisle.
Nodding at the cunning man, the detective replied before John was able to protest. “Thank you, Juan, this is perfect. But we won’t spend the night, we need to reach our destination as soon as possible.”
(See the end of the chapter for
"You're right, of course. You have always been better than me in regard to these
He is attached to a cold surface, concrete if he can trust the feeling under his feet. Trying to remain as inconspicuous as possible, he starts to pay attention to the voices around him as a few people are talking ten or twelve meters from him.
"Get OUT!" With a sad face, she turns quickly only to be stopped by Mycroft who was standing in the doorway.
Placing his hands around the glorious man neck he raises his head to be able to reach Sherlock’s perfectly plump lips and effectively stop his rambling by a small peck. “It’s okay love, I understand...”
Shaking his head, he tries to push away the comforting thought, but the only result was the return of his headaches. "I'm arguing with myself, not good. Am I schizophrenic now? Maybe I really do need a psychiatrist or something." Now back in his bed, he closes his eyes dreaming of the days before all this, dreaming of his home, dreaming of his John...
The Old Operating Theatre: This is a wonderful place: http://oldoperatingtheatre.com/
Similar ideas sprung in his head, before going down south.
“No, not really. Sorry mate. I’m too bored. Anyway, sorry to say Captain, but you can’t do a lot against me right now.” Over the pain, the smirk is audible.
“So, you can’t ride with him then, simple as that. You are free to follow the ambulance when we are done, but the hospital won’t tell you any more as you are not related.” After a quick survey of John’s dishevelled appearance and a sniff of his breath, she frowns. “If you want to follow it, I suggest a cab or to call a friend.”
"Oie! You're supposed to be my friend first and foremost, and after that Sophie's, and lastly, the kiddos!" Mike was smiling more openly, happy that John was able to joke a little and not moping alone.
“Oh, I’ve got something for you, doctor, the delivery man gave it to me yesterday.” She started shaking her big bag, looking for the small envelope as John discreetly rolled his eyes. “Ah! Got it!” She extended her hand and gave the small white envelope to her neighbour.
The word 'liar' was still dancing in his head, but he wasn't able to remember what it was about.
"Moriarty. You are the last line of defence. Or, as the man is dead, you're the man... executor, the heir to his vengeance against me."
His neat flat was in shambles! Every drawer empty on the floor, his kitchen floor full of broken dishes, his books in disarray! The flat had been ransacked as if someone was looking for something!
Tired, Watson murmurs, “What do you want... I just want everyone to forget that I’m here.” The weight of a paperback suddenly falls on his stomach.
“They are in love with me, I am not THAT pathetic!”
Turning back to his paperwork, the DI never realized that the level of excitation was rising on the floor until people start shouting.
Poor Sherlock :-(
Looking at his mirror, John shakes his head at his own reflection.
Molly was still rambling at his side when something she said finally got through his thoughts. “What did you say? About a ‘parlour trick’?”
"How can you be so sure..."
John's voice, now cajoling, was really hard to resist, dropping his hands in exasperation, the tall man shouts "I AM IN LOVE WITH YOU!"
“You still have doubts as to why he was in that cupboard, Gregory, perhaps you’re going to learn something more shortly.” Smiling innocently at the older man, he adds, “It’s in the Met’s interest to know more.”
John laughs "Magic? What are you talking about?"
“Sherlock... What’s going on? I -”
“Get inside,” the doctor playfully pushes his friend thru the door, “I’m going to need alcohol to talk about this!”
“Sherlock?”
His attention went back to the corridor when he hears the noise of a door shutting as Watson finally leaves the room.
I know, I'm far from a cute and fluffy romcom :-)   Let me know what you think so far!
"You're all right mate? Sorry, I'm late..."
Checking his eyes for any signs of concussion, he is satisfied up to a certain point.
"No, no, don't worry, you are not strong enough to hurt anybody!" Another one, Murray, teased, lifting his glass with a wink. "Especially, Three Continents Watson!"
I would love to take care of your poor destroyed soul, I am a really caring woman and --
"It's only the biggest and most important day of your life, don't panic." Mike jokes, trying to enlighten John's mood. At his friend's dubious look, he repeats, "yeah, it is! You are marrying the person that you love and care about most in the world."
"The blog?" She asks innocently.
“We don’t have to now...”
"Sherlock, stop it." Molly laughs, "you have to be nice to him if you want to work on that case while Greg is away."
Slowly, the detective opens a few tabs on his computer, unable to voice a reply.
“I,” he pauses and murmurs, knowing that it was definitely a bit not good to make the suggestion, “I can offer you a substantial amount of money --“
Unconsciously, the image of the young brilliant outcast, too bright for the other students, finding peace in his work but bullied by some idiots was juxtaposed over his own life. He even found works written by Smith that he sent to other students, but it was not the goal right now...
Guiltily pushing away the memories of his friend away, he considers calling the hospital. Just to be sure that William was out and that no complications arise, of course.  He’s still unsure about what to do next, when his phone pings, from a restricted number.
“My brother, of course.,” Mycroft replies with the posh tone he likes to use in such circumstances. “I seriously don’t think that we have anything else in common.” After a pause, he chuckles “and no, I am not dealing drugs.”
"Wait for me here, would you, I'm going to be back in a few
“Yes,” John acknowledged, stepping closer to the man he loves, “this is why I asked your brother to drive me
"No! Sherlock!" The pathologist now holding his shaking hands. "It was good, not maybe the stalking part of it, but it was good that you felt something for someone. That you felt the urge to make a connection." Thinking about what he told them of his encounter, she thinks out loud. "You told us that he looked at you, with a lot of intensity. He's curious! Maybe you can ask him out, officially--"
“Yes, so sorry,
Mary's voice resonates, clear and joyful, "no."
explanation."
Her mouth slightly opens in astonishment, Clara smiles deviously. "Yes, I think we have a winner."
The nurse, who stayed strategically away while Mycroft was there, came back as soon as the powerful man steps in the elevator. “Doctor? Just to let you know that he’s sleeping at the moment, everything is okay, and his brother is going to pick him up at the end of the day to take him home. So, nothing to worry about.”
December 24th: The sky / It's Christmas Eve, the sky is wonderful and full of brilliant stars. I wish you all, where ever you are, a peaceful night.
) while nudging John in the ribs. “You walked a long way, use the shower, change the clothes, relax a bit!” He cocked his head in the direction of the double bed and winked (
Sherlock withdrew slowly, holding his hands in front of him. “You were in the middle of a nightmare, I… I didn’t know what to do… sorry…”
The hands that were pinning the thin young man to the wall push harder, roughly knocking his skull on the centuries old brick
"It wasn't what we..." It is tempting, but it's not in his nature to be spontaneous and yell out a big fat, happy 'yes'.
** For real! It's on Stamford Street lol
That afternoon, Clara and Harry were walking down the beach, dressed as if they were in Antarctica. "God, it's freezing. But it's beautiful, I must admit... my brother chose a nice place to hide."
Agitated, the detective protested, “this is an old woman's tale, you are crazy.”
“Oh, sorry!” John raises his head quickly, turning to the screen to realize that he hadn’t even set  up his computer.
"Nothing, nothing..." Molly rushes to promptly closes the tab with Sherlock's profile before he was able to see anything.
17:05 Suspect is getting a coffee and a sandwich.
“O/B.” Sherlock replies without thinking.
"The profile says 'graduate in biochemistry', so maybe forensic or something?" Harry recalls, opening the profile in another tab. "Here you go darling, you can read it before I show you the email if you want."
"How are you this morning? Really?"
Laughing, Harry pushes her brother playfully. "You need help sometimes, that why you have a big sister!"
Wiping away a tear, he shakes his head sadly
Holding the wall, he was able to reach his door without swaying too much.
“And a man turned up just like that...” Sherlock murmurs to himself.
"I know... but I don't like her." Holding hands, they walk out of the house with the kids to go to the church.
The Taliban’s automatic guns were firing without precision, trying to kill as many people as possible, soldiers and civilians alike. His protective instinct back now that he accepted that it was impossible to save the people on the bus, he helped a few soldiers with minor wounds to reach cover. Until he saw Elliot, one of his men, falling down as he was shot in the leg. Rushing to the man, he stopped the blood loss as much as possible under the circumstances.
After pushing himself up from the ground with difficulty, emotionally and physically drained, Sherlock stood before distancing himself from his brother. Holding a hand up to keep him away now that the older vampire was also back on his feet, he whispered sadly, “leave me alone, please...” The pleading tone was so unusual that Mycroft stood silent, astonished, as his brother ran away to get a cab.
And, with a small smile on his lips, he turns on his heels to go back slowly to his flat. His tormented mind calmed at last.
“He was anxious to get away from you, Holmes, can’t say that I disagree with the sentiment.” With a last sardonic smile, the woman leaves Sherlock alone in the now empty warehouse as his phone vibrated in his hand.
Shaking his head at his friends silliness, Mike raises his hand to orders a couple of shots.
He is lost in his thoughts and has been walking for more than an hour when someone calling his name brought it back to reality. Looking around him, he was in the middle of a square, he spots the grinning face of an old classmate. "Stamford?"
December 24th: The sky / It's Christmas Eve, the sky is wonderful and full of brilliant stars. I wish you all, where ever you are, a peaceful night.
“So....” Moran says as he sits in a nearby chair, happy for the leverage against Watson, “are you enjoying your return to uni, Holmes?”
(It’s only Google Translate, if it’s not right let me know!)
– and Sherlock indulging in his love of dancing which he rarely had occasion to do, was nearly happy.  After one last high paced cha-cha, where Molly and Sherlock wouldn’t stop laughing about how inept Molly was,
"When I think that all the effort we put to get both of you at our wedding!" He chuckles at the memories. "You were 24 hours away from being deployed, Sherlock doesn't like anything that can be called remotely social..."
“The car is there,” Lestrade pushes the criminals in direction of the main door. “Keep the rest for the Yard.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He is walking a few meters to get to the sliding doors when he sees him.
Lestrade, curious and a bit nervous for Sherlock, grabs a chair to sit in front of the screens. “Do we have any idea where is going?”
Sherlock’s stunned look wasn’t what he expected! “So sorry, I didn’t want to startle you... Or maybe you do not like PDA...” As the tall man remained silent, John continues his lame attempt, “It’s true that we are nowhere near PDA anyway and, Oh God, I am so sor -”
Offering him a disgusted look, Holmes mutters, “and now we have to wait for the bloody car to come back,” turning away as Gregory laughs until his sides hurt and tears stream down his face.
“Where are we going?” John asked, curious about what the genius may consider a suitable date.
2019/01/31: It's going to be a bit longer, sorry! But don't worry, I'm going to go back to Sherlock's mayhems and sexy lecturer in few days!
“Anthea...” Mycroft chides.
"GREG!" Molly interrupts. "I don't think he really needs that right now!"
Thank God Dr Watson is there! A bit drunk, but he’s so pretty! #SexyDoctor #KingsCollege #OlderManKink
The student, who was arrested by Lestrade the day before, wasn’t talking. Or, more probable, wasn’t aware of anything. He recognized Moran’s picture but wasn’t able to name the man or to say who was really in charge and who was making the drug.
"Good. Thanks, and mind your own business now!"
“Yes, please, it’s really interesting.” Shaking her hand, he walked to the HR office as she went back to work.
“Oh dear! I was so afraid!!! That bastard McAlister! I don’t understand how it is possible that he’s still at Kings, he’s such a troublemaker!” The young woman makes honeyed eyes at Sherlock, clearly enamoured with the man but her tentative flirtation is cut short by Lucy’s indignation.
, breeches. “Oh... Captain, you ARE really happy to see me...” Sherlock laughed lewdly, stalking him predatorily, eyeing the evidence that John approved of his disguise.
Subtly, he writes a text to Scotland Yard as the military looking man walks to the small table and sits down with the others. Turning a bit to talk with his classmates – just enough to not raise suspicion by staying silent too long – he waits a few minutes before sending another text.
Fortunately, pretty easy!
Reply by Harry: Are you all right John? I am so worried, and Clara too. Didn't like yesterday's comment either... One day at a time, everything is going to be nice again, I promise!
"John... I..."
"You are clearly just back from Afghanistan with a wounded shoulder and a psychological limp, of course, you've got a therapist." Sherlock smiles, happy to be able to keep an upper hand on the discussion.
Picking up the walker with his other hand, he slowly walks to the bathroom, grumbling.
TTYL x GL
At 18.30, Mycroft, without (openly) looking that interested in the outcome of the whole affair, walks by the CCTV room. “Any news?”
He was up, still holding onto the chair when he realizes that maybe - just maybe! - he should have asked Mycroft help.
"Yes! Of course!" The men start walking in the direction of the nearest pub. "What are you doing in London? I've read your blog and last I read you were living in a little village?"
As the detective turned on his heel to walk out of the pub, John laughed incredulously, “just like that?”
Closing his eyes for a few minutes, John considers the idea of coming back to London...
Lost for words, unable to fight the pull he felt towards John, Sherlock gasped, “you don’t understand -”
"That a good idea, thank you Mycroft."
Quietly, Mycroft sent a text to his brother's therapist to come later that day instead of tomorrow. "'Lock, do you want tea?"
love?"
Molly turns to Greg quickly. "We need to do something!"
Not listening to John anxiously screaming at him to wait, Sherlock runs like he had never had before, sliding on the damp path, full of fallen leaves and small broken branches.  The tombstones were the only obstacles to his will to get the maximum of distance between him and John.
His summon didn't work, as the Adonis's gaze remains on his phone.
“Everybody!” John laughs unsure where to start. “That detective, he chided you when we were at Scotland Yard, but it was affectionate, protective.” He pauses a second then continues, “your friend Alan. I’ve never seen him interact with anyone in my class and suddenly he’s your friend and won’t allow anyone to speak a bad word against you, the people at the pub they were all rooting for you” smiling at Angelo who is pouring wine in their glasses without asking, he nods at the man discreetly mouthing, ‘him’, “and your brother, of course.”
“Me too, I love you, Sherlock.”
He frowns at his sudden burst of sentimentality.
“Come on, man!” Greg is looking at the CCTV near Angelo, the wide angle allowing a good view of the street. Luckily, as it was a Wednesday, the area wasn’t as full of people as during a weekend. But Doctor Watson was nowhere in sight so far! He saw Sherlock walk inside the restaurant a few minutes ago, apparently nervous but with a resolute expression. “Where are you Watson! You have only a few minutes left!”
A few pints later, only one for Sherlock who wants to stay alert, the door opens to Bidget and his new ‘friend’.
But at least, a few days later John was finally able to breathe again. As when you find a way out a storm or that your head isn't under the water anymore.  That morning, the fifth after his deceiving wife fired on his best friend, was the first where nothing was planned. He was finally alone after the weeks of madness before the wedding, the ceremony, and events at the church, and what followed. A whole day without being picked up by a black car, without trying to figure out if Mary's demeanour was suspect from the beginning or not, or trying to find why he never realized that the sweet but bossy nurse was an international gun for hire!
with tea and your favourites, gingernuts." With a last look upon his now calm brother's face, Mycroft rushes to the kitchen.
(See the end of the chapter for
"John, you're drunk... I don't think you..."
Sherlock is still inconspicuously checking on the small corner table where Bidget and the poor idiot he enrols in his gang wait for their contact when, finally! The door opens to let in a man who carries an aura of danger and authority.
“John...” Sherlock moaned, “don’t say things like that.”
Less than ten minutes later - after a mad course in lanes, jumping over gates and other madness - they were both laughing like madmen in the middle of the street.
"Oh! Yes!" She frowns quizzically. "Blond you say? The photo, wasn't in black and white on his blog?"
“Sherlock!” Molly said impatiently as she placed a hand on his forearm, “are you with us?”
“You are in that class?”
A surprise, meet me at the Borough High road exit of London Bridge station in one hour. SH
"No, no ghost..." He replies putting down the phone.  "Not sick either..."
To give you an idea, they filmed a battle in Fantastic Beasts in that exact catacomb.
“I won’t,” the young man winks. “I’ve got a girlfriend for that!” Opening his computer, he continues to chit-chat without looking at Sherlock “And you?”
"Anthea..."
That last one made Sherlock cringe.
Greg, always a gentleman and wanting to support Molly, added, “and no way are we going to choose someone for you at the Ritz or the Criterion!”
"Oh! HARRY! This is personal!!!"
Both Clara and John snap at the same time. "HARRY!" Clara being close enough to tap her lightly as she gets up to freshen her tea.
As the detective was screaming his name again the doctor protests. “Stop! My head...” Closing his eyes against the sun, he tries to calm his raging erection by the force of his will; Trying at the same time to quash his emotions, the feeling of loss as his dream escapes his mind.
So, do not be afraid that you've been stalked by a maniac, it was only the action of a curious man, wanting to understand his feelings.  We understand and won't contact you again. This account going to be closed in the next few minutes.
Arguing with the keyhole - John was loosing - the doctor keep repeating Greg's words like a mantra.
Snapping out of his trance, he jumps in the shower where the cold water was finally enough to clear his hangover and the last remains of his dream... Taking comfort from the idea that a big case was perfect to calm his imagination and focus Sherlock's attention elsewhere. Not realizing that this morning was the first step towards a fall into a nightmare worse than anything he lived through since he came back from war.
"Sherlock, are you with me?" John asks, with a little smile.
"yes, of course, I'm happy for him."
Murray thought as he added to the discussion, “let’s say we give you 15 days to prove that someone is in love with you!”
Sherlock, always aware of what he needs, went to the bathroom to start the shower.
“SHERLOCK! TOMORROW, GREG’S WEDDING!”
Oh yes, Stamford. SH
He is unable to finish as the young man grabs his hand with a big grin and shouts, “run!”
Closing her office door, Molly sits beside him."What have you done? Tell me."
Laughing, Sherlock waves a hand in dismissal. “Don’t play doctor with me!”
With a low chuckle that ends in a wince, the detective asks "Are you really interested in something that trivial Mycroft..."
A first date...
Sipping his tea – the kettle a temporary (unknown) “loan” from the communal kitchen – he opens his computer to see if he is able to find something more when he stumbles onto Watson’s web site. The picture on his blog is the first thing that stirs something.
Unable to see who was with Anthea as the pod starts its ascension, Sherlock shakes his head. "I am not fond of repeating myself, but as I said, I think it's an elaborate set-up..." Thinking about the woman he saw with John just forty-eight hours earlier, he adds a sad "apologies."
Siblings, take two.
A few days later, John was relaxing - as planned - near a fire, with a good book and a cup of tea.
SHERLOCK! MH
"Love... we can't just barge into his wedding and say that we object! We are not in one of those silly comedies that you love so much!" Hugging his husband tightly, he kisses him softly trying to ease his mind without success.
course
It's a Little Mule!
"No, I thought that as Sleepless was interested in either man or woman... maybe still a bit in the closet..."
Unaware of John’s amazement that the other man was William and his relief that he looks unarmed, Sherlock rolls his eyes at the DI. “Of course, I was right.” Observing the wannabe drug dealers, he frowns in disgust. “Yes, I am working with the police, you idiots.” His tone was vindictive, the personal tool of the whole affair rushing on him at once. “God, it was so rough sometimes to control my desire to just shovel you on the floor and arrest you for stupidity.” Shaking his head at the idiocy of the man, “I think England is far from getting another Chemistry Nobel Prize as long as idiots like Holt and you have the right to be near students!” He chuckles, thinking about the classes he followed in the last few weeks, “it’s ridiculous how ANYBODY can work in education nowadays.”
“No, sorry, but now I really have to go!” He was about to go down the stairs when she stopped him again.
(See the end of the chapter for
"You're the boss of your life, bro', I won't do anything new on your behalf again, EVER!"
It's not perfect, it's falsely cheesy. 'with the right man at my side' bla bla, no way I'm going to fall for someone who needs me to be someone like that!!
“That, Sir, is none of your business,” John was fuming! “He’s an adult, a bit younger than me maybe, but nothing unlawful or unnatural—”
His thoughts were interrupted when the car slows down near the curb. The chauffeur promptly runs out of the car to open the door to a new passenger.
Until the wind and the cold of the opening door caught them off guard.
"I am a graduate in the biochemistry field, curious about life, and the mechanics of the human mind but - don't be fooled by that - I am energetic and like to keep my life unpredictable. In a more generic way, I like to eat out, nice clothes and playing the violin. If you are likeminded, don't hesitate to contact me."  Greg was smiling when he turns to look at Molly. "You know, I think it may work!"
"Yes, but nonetheless, they were a stronger couple than my so-called wife and I would ever be... you know that I asked for a divorce? Shit, we didn't last two years..." Tears appeared in his eyes as the poem John post on his blog before shutting it down spring in his mind.
Great Sherlock, can I call you Sherlock? M Holmes it's kind of... Don't know. Anyway good, see you at 7PM.
The detective stepped back, afraid of the resolution in John’s demeanour, “don’t go all... all smug on me! You are crazy, you should run away from me, not invade my... my lair!”.
"Yes, Harry. My sister, short for Harriet. You saw her with me... back at my house."
“Of course, what’s happening? What do you -”
He discreetly checks his brother who was again reading something on his phone.
All set don’t worry! You’re picking him up tomorrow, right? GL
“We spent five minutes together, and the last two I was drugged.” Sherlock smiles sardonically, “don’t think we have a special relationship yet but, you know, it’s a work in progress.”
"Better, now that you are here."  He hugs her strongly with one arm, his other hand holding his walking stick. "Sorry about... about me spacing out like that at the terminal."
Stepping one step closer, even if they were already nearly as close as they could be, Sherlock asks with a raspy voice. "A walk then? Somewhere more peaceful."
"Oh, darling... It's because of you." John rolls his eyes at the cooing sounds before his sister gets back to the matter in hand. "Yes, where do the people go to meet someone? There must be at least one decent pub?"
Shaking his head at the stupidity of all this, but complying for his friends’ amusement, he slowly turned in the direction his mate was pointing.
“I was feeling a bit rejected when you went on cases without me while I was at work, I think we may be able to find a way to combine the two.”
"No it's okay, I understand." It was uncalled for, but he's so stressed out at the moment so Harry lets it slide. "You got to go out there!"
"Yes, Mister Holmes, I know. Don't know what the cops are going to say if they learn that a former soldier has shot someone like that... wasn't even in self-defence... Cold blood."
"Hey, Sherlock! How are you? Still abusing poor cadavers?" He jokes, knowing that the detective wasn't going to be mad at him.
Mouth agape and thinking that everyone was definitely winking way too much, his eyes narrowed on the cupid bow lips that were currently pouting as he talked to his companions.
"John doesn't want to know that we made love last night!" Harry replies, waggling her brows.
"No, no! Stay warm, I'll be back before dinner, don't worry."
“He’s not perfect.” John’s grins drunkenly, “his pale skin would be wonderful against dark hair... and that perfect arse would be to die for in a tight suit.”
"He was in the army." Greg helps.
"And... it's a man? He never said..." Her eyes widened as she read the message.
Panicking at the idea of being drugged with the addictive Bliss and Oblivion, Sherlock tries to push the strong man away but with both hands tied and heavy harm immobilizing his legs it is nearly impossible! He winces as the needle enters his bicep, feeling the fog overtake his senses nearly instantly.
After a quick stop at the shop, the joyful trio arrived at John's cute little house. As the doctor gives his key to Clara, she quickly runs to open the door, leaving John and Harry alone for a moment. Harry laughs at Clara's obvious ploy to leave them on their own. "I think she wants to be sure that you have the chance to chide me in person!"
Looking at Mycroft defiantly before pointing the ceiling, Greg replies with a bit more bites "No, but HE can!"
He was still gazing at the sky, lost in his thoughts while putting back his phone in his pocket when it rings. Breaking the silence.
I don't think I will, but thanks for the offer! JW
Satisfied and nodding to himself, John closed his laptop and looked around him for a little treat to celebrate. But the flat was bare of good chocolate, bearable alcohol or tolerable tea.
His fingers dancing over his keyboard, he starts to investigate Smith’s life. The amount of data proving his genius was staggering, excellent grades, perfect research, works published in serious journals while he was going for his post-doc... His family background, regular folks without any serious education or money, was the reason why he received grants over grants to pay for his university.
His instant jealousy at the idea that the unknown man was on such good terms with his doctor was strangely unsettling for Sherlock.
Nothing spicy, I know, I am not a great smut writer sorry! Use your imagination ;-)
Moran darkens at the insults. “Her Majesty Army is often a disgrace to her men! Enough chit-chat, sorry to say that but I think I –”
He was considering the inconvenience of having to think about food all the time when John stepped at his side and kissed him on the cheek.
"Yes, so a bit more time before they meet which is, in Sherlock's case, can only be a good thing!"
"He's in the ambulance?"
(See the end of the chapter for
Without realizing it, the constant fear that had been underlying his actions since he returned from war was replaced by anger.
need someone to live.  He may help to chase the boredom life can be sometimes."
A few minutes later, when they both received their latte, she opens her phone again and pushes it in Clara's face. "Read! It's brilliant! Just so, so, so good!"
Hope that way of presenting John's blog isn't too hard to follow!
"MI6, why?" Sherlock asks, not happy about the stress that all this brought to John. "He's not the culprit here!"
Mike looks at Sherlock, still on the floor, Mycroft, holding his head in his lap, utters a choked "Take care of him... I need to be with John right now... but... Oh my God... he's really... alive." Stumbling on his feet, he rushes behind John and Mary.
“Let’s say that you are not
Spotting the detective’s hand, Watson blinks rapidly, licking his lips without even realizing it. Shaking his head to shove away the (
Reply by Doctor John H. Watson: Sorry, it's been 4 days. Your comment, it unsettled me so I had to ruminate a bit. I used to think that stars are the people that I loved that are looking over me, showing me a way, a path thru all this. A bit like you said. But, since I'm back, it's as if my comrades that died are looking at me from the sky asking why I'm there when they aren't. Sorry, I don't want to destroy your own epiphany. God, this is ridiculous, I keep having to apologise to people nowadays.  And now I need to say it to an anonymous person, this is, I think the most pathetic I will ever be.
Sherlock was looking at Mycroft, not believing a word of what he was saying. "You said, that you need someone to pick up an envelope for you in that big round thing next to Westminster Bridge."
Rolling his eyes at the cheesiness, John chides his sister. "Harry... Stop this. I am happy with what is going on with Sara."
“It’s... it’s not that serious. I’m not sick or anything. Harry’s still doing fine, as far as she’s able to remain sober, it’s just... that...” Drinking a few sips to summon the courage to talk, he closes his eyes and mutters quickly, “I-think-I’m-falling-in-love-with-a-student.”
After a moment, seeing that the man wasn’t getting out, Sherlock quickly opens the door with his lockpick kit and enters as well, surprised by the total darkness.
"Doctor Watson, I am sorry for the part I had in my brother's ... disappearance... but... for now I just want to say that I am so, so sorry."
Surveying the room again, he didn’t see anyone able to make Bidget’s shivers of fear.
"Yes... It's no."
Seemingly against his will, his heart starts pounding. Chiding himself,
Closing his eyes a second, his level of anxiety starts rising at the thought of leaving his village, leaving the island.  Hating the feeling that his life here is becoming a security blanket, he opens his eyes back and looks at Harry. "Okay, I'm not going back to work until the second anyway."
The idea that he may wish for their happiness for the sake of it never crossed his mind neither the fact that Molly was like a little sister to Lestrade.
A sultry voice came from his own bedroom. "Here..."
Not only I wrote an epilogue, lucky readers!, but it's the longest chapter of the whole fic lol
"You what?" Greg was looking at Molly gobsmacked.
After an absurd apology, he left the room to let John alone to deal with the aftermath of the nightmare.
The idea that this was it, that with this one vow he's going to swear to stop thinking about anyone else... That he must only be devoted to Mary and the family that may follow.
"Awkward?"
After the third laconic "He's okay." John simply stopped asking.
"Yes, I did it, as you asked," Harry replies, crossing her fingers under the table.
"New Year's Eve, as we planned."
"Mary Watson, please, I've suffered enough for it." She waits for a few seconds and succumbs to curiosity. "Don't try to be clever, what did I miss?"
“Yes, yes, but my Ethel is really wonderful, she loves children and –“
Opening his laptop, he checks his emails, replies to a few students then tries again to find something new about the drugs trafficking at Kings. He has befriended as many professors and employees as possible in the Chemistry and Medicine faculty without finding something definite.
"Shit." Greg swears, looking at his husband without knowing what to say.
“I am not...
As usual, thank you for reading and remember that kudos and comments are little gifts from the internet Gods!
Activating his recording device, he remains motionless and doesn’t have to wait for long.
“I know that I can’t save them all, but I can’t do nothing either, can I?” Dropping his eyes to look at his bandaged ribs, he sighs, “all this is not important, Mycroft, it’s just transport. I hope nothing is lost and that I didn’t blow my cover!” As he thought about the fight, a warm feeling suddenly chases the detective’s dark mood,
Rising his shoulder, Appleton replies honestly for once, “don’t know, never heard any name, don’t know how he learned about the drugs. Moran contacted me after Smith’s suicide, we were lost, the formula for a potential fortune on a A4 paper with no idea what to do with it.”
A little talk around a shooter or two…
The pub, a popular place near the university, is nearly full and the only place available is at the bar. But it is okay, the crowd is more prone to give them anonymity than a deserted place where their voices would resonate everywhere in the room.  After they receive their beers, Mike waits silently, looking at his friend with an open smile that screams
"Will do, Gregory, when it's all over, when my brother is safe... Tonight, I just want to feel your warmth all around me."
John beamed at the sound of a helicopter, shooting to force a retreat from the Taliban, knowing that help was on its way. “Elliot, we are going to be okay, transport is here!” His patient head turned away from him, his cheek touching the warm sand. “Elliot, don’t do that to me man, I –“  Worried, the doctor used the hand of his unwounded arm to carefully remove his helmet and turned his face to evaluate his condition. “No, no, that’s impossible!” The captain recoiled in horror, not understanding what was going on. Instead of the pimpled face of his blond soldier, it was Holmes’ ivory skin and short black curly hair!
“It’s Watson, boss, we found him!” One of the rookie answers, blushing.
Sherlock is sitting in the back of a car, the blackened windows hiding the route they were taking
“No, nothing wrong with my little brother, Doctor, except the usual stubbornness, of course.” Mycroft small grin shows his affection for the younger man, “I only want a discussion with you, nothing to worry about.”
Using his communication device, he contacted his team for transport.
Looking at the stars, a feeling of peace drops over him. The sky, dark with the exception of millions of stars, reminded him of Afghanistan. A vision of his time as a soldier rushes in front of his eyes, the thrill of the adventure, the quick decision making needed on the field, the surge of protecting his platoon.
Turning in the direction of her boss, Donovan shakes her head. “No, so far the only things we know is that Holmes and the mini-mes he chooses as friends are nailing the pub quiz!”
“Just going out for a cigarette, that’s all.” Sherlock fibs, unable to think of a better excuse.
“No, nothing like that,” unsure about what he can actually say, Sarah seemed nice, but she was his new boss after all. But today, he has been presented to one of the other doctors who was openly with another woman. Pictures on her desks and all. Not wanting to start his first day with lies and unashamed of Sherlock, he said proudly. “I was thinking about a man I hope will want to become my boyfriend, it’s pretty recent but… I think he’s the right one for me.”
"And you think that I'm any good at it! I'd been on date over date in that first year, trying to get over you without any success! And I caused you so much pain as well! You killed yourself in order to save me - yeah, I heard when she told you and we are sooo talking about this later - and my wannabe ex-wife tried to kill you. I think we are even. And anyway, you know what the most important? Is that we are good for each other."
John opened his legs wider, then hooked his ankles around Sherlock's calves.
"You're just jealous!" Sherlock shouts in his direction. His mouth is pink and puffy from kisses and stubble burn; John doesn't want to stop kissing him but he allows Sherlock to help him off his lap and sit him next to him on the couch.
Sherlock blinked a few times, looking down at John, licking his lips, "I'm...I'm sorry?"
He doesn't answer. He keeps walking, hands in pockets. He can tell Sherlock is somewhere behind him, to his left. He's following John, shuffling and catching up. Sherlock tries to take John's arm; he shakes him off without a word.
14 hours from start to finish, and already running on 6 days little sleep as it was, Sherlock was doing his best to bite his tongue. Mycroft had come over with Greg, naturally, to help with Mrs. Hudson. She declined to press charges, but agreed to stay with Sherlock.  Just until she got her feet under her. The hospital visit was quick. No broken bones. Bruising only.
Sherlock looked up at the two of them and burst out laughing, "What do you two think you're doing?"
John feels silly, giddy, this is absolutely ridiculous timing but he wants this in Sherlock's ears, in his mind palace. He wants to know that Sherlock knows his intentions without a doubt. Sherlock squeezes him tightly and nearly picks him up slightly.
Sherlock watched with fascination as the Watson clansmen worked for days on end to secure their home. He remembered when, as a child, the men of his clan had worked round the clock to put up a
"Is that better?" On impulse, Sherlock kissed his shoulder. John turned. Their faces were close, their noses touching.
Sherlock leaned forward, brushing his lips lightly over John's. As he leaned up to avoid bumping into Hamish, he heard a sleepy voice chastise them, "No kissing!"
Go re-read Chapter 23
"This one reminds me of your eyes," John said gently, "May I place it on my sporran to remind me of you? To remind
"Gentlemen, I'm sorry we have no other news, the Magnussen lead is elusive. He's been in Europe for 3 weeks-"
"Sherlock, I'm not taking you to bed for the first time outside. It's nearly evening. Let's ride back for the celebration."
Paper from the Czech Republic.
"Hamish, you need to go, you too, Greg, Mycroft," Sherlock gestured to the door.
John hugs Sherlock to him tightly. Sherlock continues to lightly stroke John's hair. They do not talk or move from the bed until the nurse and Mycroft pay another visit, bringing food and more medicine.
Sherlock hadn't told anyone the whole story, but he felt like he owed it to John. He clenched at one of the pillows, looking at the floor as he talked, "I hated myself. I hated that I was different, that I didn't fit in anywhere. I was really smart, so professors or teachers would talk to me, but regular adults or kids wouldn't. But high, being a junkie, I fit in. It seems backwards. If I rambled on and on about different kinds of tobacco ash showing the murderer at a crime scene, normal dinner conversation would halt. Junkies would listen to me because they just thought I was high. We had something in common and I had friends. It made me seem tolerable to other people. Eventually, I got clean, but some of my closest friends are former addicts. They work with me on my cases. We joke that they're my 'homeless network' because no one pays attention if a homeless person is sitting around staring at a house. The best spies. Normal people couldn't stand me. I fit in with freaks and misfits."
In the living room are bags of their personal effects. John's phone and laptop are plugged in and charging and waiting on the card table set up in the small sitting room. Sherlock flicks through the messages that came in while they were gone.
John is utterly confused.
Greg smiled, answering her, "It's Sherlock's boyfriend, and he's an army doctor Captain, so I suggest we listen to both of them."
They moaned into each other's mouths, Sherlock doing his best to quiet John's yelps and cries as Sherlock entered him. Sherlock wrapped his arms underneath John, the only sound in the room their breath and the slick of skin and Sherlock's hips snapping against John's.
He almost dialed John's number, stopping when he remembered the hour.
John saw to the left of the stage were two raises chairs. He hadn't really noticed the people sitting there the previous days, but now he saw a petite woman with brown hair and a talk bloke with slicked back brunett hair. They wore only shades of black and gray. As John watched, he finally realized they were using sign language to sign back and forth to one another and to someone else in the audience.
Sherlock pulled away, tilting his head to look into John's eyes. He smiled, wiggling himself down further onto John's thighs.
John looked at Hamish, "Yes, that's about right."
Mycroft being quiet.
As the lead EMT shifted, one of the other medical technicians climbed up the ladder. As more firefighters arrived, they slowly replaced the technicians, keeping the weight balanced.
John had no idea what Sherlock thought of all this. He was in the dark, as he couldn't read his detective's thoughts as well as his detective could read his. The only indication that he was ok with the arrangement, or at least ok with John, is that Sherlock allowed John to absent-mindedly stroke his curls while they sat on the couch and read up on cruise brochures.
"Focus, children. The next months leading to Christmas are critical."
Silence.
John had responded by darkening his door, less than an hour later. In looking back over John's clothes, he realized he'd been on his way to work. He'd had a sitter for Hamish, most likely, so he'd called in sick or simply dashed away from his duties to see Sherlock. As soon as he could.
I wasn’t good looking, and I had no friends. One boy paid attention to me, I can't even remember his name, but his whole goal was selling drugs. This was in college. I would get high on cocaine, on speed, and forget. I'd play my violin at all bizarre hours of the day and night, and I eventually was kicked out. I was.."
to work together. No secrets. We agree that is how everything went tits up the last time?"
tried to kiss me, I turned. I couldn't bear the thought of him touching me. Only you. When I touch myself, it's only you I think of."
"Sherlock, I'm sorry, I'm sorry about everything to do with her, that was one of the greatest regrets of my life, truly," Sherlock didn't raise his eyes, but he shifted his weight from one foot to another. "I am not playing with you. You told me you need us to marry for a case, then annul it. I simply replied I am amenable to staying married."
The freak is on a rampage; deducing Sebastian, doing his party trick on everyone's items left in the dorms, shaking while he downs a tumbler of whiskey. Sebastian is more patient without others present.
"You are mine, Sherlock Holmes. Your beautiful skin, your beautiful tall, lovely body, wrapped in this Watson tartan. I will take you, you are mine."
Mycroft weeps as he places it around his neck, "yes,"
"He would touch me, and, bruise and," Sherlock tried breathing, but he could hear and smell and feel the calloused hands again.
As snow begins to lightly fall, Sherlock crosses the line of trees that buffer the park. His phone buzzes, causing him to jump.
John moved so his erection pressed into Sherlock's hip, "I can move away to give you room and we can sleep if you would like."
"Yes, sweetheart, Mr. Detective is here," John said, "We're going on a date, honey, to talk about some things-"
Sherlock nodded, fascinated by the way John's fingers dipped the bread into the syrup, flicking it up with his wrist. He placed a piece of bread on Sherlock's tongue. He ate it hungrily, quickly, licking the last bit of honey from John's fingers. Sherlock felt John shiver beneath him.
"Mycroft..." John wants to beg. Scream. Yell. He's standing in middle of the sidewalk, passersby bumping him. He is suppressing the urge to slam back against anyone approaching him.
John wakes around 3 a.m. He is sticky, warm, and Sherlock is wrapped around him. He untangles himself, slowly, kissing his temple, his jaw as he pulls away. It's cold on his feet, his thighs, his stomach as he goes to the bathroom for a flannel. He washes himself, smiling at the mess on himself, remembering how desperate they were to kiss and touch one another.
The crime scene was frenetic.
As they were kissing, lazily, John untangles himself from Sherlock and led him to the shower. Even though they had been naked with one another, made love to one another, Sherlock seemed shy and unsure.
"I appreciate the ride. What time is it?"
"You may take me," Sherlock said, "I am yours."
He sat up quickly and was caught with a wave of dizziness, and a pounding behind his eyes, that forced him to lay back down.
"Yes, I need to merge with the Spanish team for drills. I'm going to take a leave from work until this is over-"
Only when he heard everyone leave his flat did he allow to cry.
He doesn't realize he's yelled out loud until Mycroft is near him, Sherlock is whispering somewhere. He can't open his eyes. Everything hurts.
gesture, so John kept his head down and read silently.
Sherlock wanted to touch his knee, his hand, but didn't dare, "I'm very observant, remember?"
"Just…" Again, the short circuit. John had moved closer, kneeling at Sherlock's feet.
"Do they know about Sherlock and John? Your parents?"
John watches out the window, in his pajamas, sipping a half cold, black cup of coffee.
"We need to go on a proper date, Sherlock."
"Brilliant," John said, in front of all the police force, "That was absolutely amazing."
Sherlock cleared his throat, "John, do you mind if I talk to Hamish for a bit? Just us? You don't have to leave the room if you don't want to."
"I do say so. I'm a doctor. Doctors are always right. About everything. Just ask my son. He'll tell you."
"John, I was so alone before I met you and Hamish. It was pure luck that you came upon me at that crime scene. You saved my life," at this, Sherlock shakes his head, tears are beginning to form in his eyes, "I could've died in that alley, but you saved me. I never expected to be loved by someone like you. You are perfect for me. You don't think I'm strange. You love me for who I am. You both feel like my family and I want to make you my family, officially. John Hamish Watson, will you marry me?"
Near dawn break, Sherlock startled awake, pitching himself back away on the bed's edge. As John reached for him, he pulled back further, grabbing the blankets to keep from rolling off the bed completely.
With most of the dizziness gone, Sherlock appreciated the beauty of the room, and the difference between being the Master of one's own home versus the youngest brother in one. Rather than sleeping on an old bed on the floor, he hoped his master room with John would be open and beautiful like this, with a fireplace, room for a tub, window, snap rods for plaids to hang when pressed and room for books and his experiments. No longer would all his items be tucked here and there in barn corners or in stone hiding places. He would be in charge of his own home, and his own help.
"Aye, Lord Watson!" the stouter man called, riding up alongside the wagon, "You've brou' yer bonnie groom home?"
John jumps up, coming close to Sherlock, looking him in the eyes. Jesus, the detective is shaking as he holds on to the letters, but he isn't breaking eye contact. From what John can tell, Sherlock's eyes are open and true. John walks a few steps away, hands behind his back, at attention.
Sherlock smiled, "You and Hamish can plan the wedding," Sherlock kissed John, pulling his face close, "I'm sorry if we ruined your surprise. We just couldn't wait."
Tavis smiled, "I know that. But he has a hard time believing it. He's worried you will leave him," Tavis placed his hand on John's shoulder, "I know you want your house done before you marry, but I think you should marry him as soon as you can. He's doing everything to keep busy while he waits for the day to arrive because he's afraid it won't actually come."
"Please, John, please," Sherlock thrashed his head back and forth, his hair sticking to his forehead.
"There is a great Italian restaurant by my apartment. I could take my bag with me, and you could drop me off at my apartment tonight."
John grinned at Sherlock. Sherlock moved closer so he could hear.
The arrival of Jim Moriarty, the technical theatre inspector, rattled Harry Watson. John couldn't believe his eyes. She fidgeted with her clipboard as he asked questions, and deferred to John with some questions to be sure she was answering them correctly.
Irene went into the middle of the stage, and called up into the fly loft, "Oy, John, this is Sherlock. He's out of work to do in the sewing room and the makeup design is done, so I thought I'd lend him to you,"
Sherlock was moving closer to John when Sherlock's phone began ringing and beeping. Sherlock responded by yelling, "Shut up!" which earned him a thump from an occupant in the room next door. John urged him to take the call as the number had called him three times in a row. Sherlock rolled his eyes, but answered the call and put it on speaker.
John wakes, urgently needing to use the restroom. He tries to pull himself up, but his legs are wobbly and his arms shake; there's an IV pole in his way. He feels Sherlock pull away from him and come over to his side, walking with him and pushing along the IV pole.
"Eye, ya pretty thing. Can't believe our Johnny laddie's marrying a sweet thing like you. Delicate, not what we expected at all for our Johnny, ded'we?"
"You're right. Right on most everything. One thing happened differently. For his first wedding, to Abigail, I was his best man. I couldn't say no. He was my best friend. He, I." John looked down at his glass, spinning around the ice, "I taught him to dance. So he could waltz with her. It killed me. But it was easier. Him marrying a woman, I mean. I could say that it was because he wasn't gay or didn't like men that way. But when he started dating Mycroft, it hurt. It killed me, because when he and Abigail divorced…"
"John." Sherlock is nearly to him, zig zagging a bit to try and find him in the dark.
"John, no. I'll try and formulate what's going on, but I don't want space," Sherlock kissed John again, just a quick peck, and sat down at the table where John led, by Hamish, across from John.
motion, and held up his phone's notepad and typed.
When it was neatly laid out, and when he pulled his quilt over his head, he realized he didn't even know his betrothed's name.
He wonders if he would have kissed him then, as he's doing now. If Sherlock would have opened his mouth, grabbing his back, his buttocks, his thighs, roaming over every bit of him. Would he have pulled their shirts off, as they are doing now? Or would he have stopped himself? They are wild eyed, breathing ragged and heavy, as John moves close to Sherlock.
John has had conversations with Sherlock in the back of cabs, at crime scenes, at Buckingham palace in a sheet, while Sherlock was unconscious in a hospital bed. Now, Sherlock is his lover, his best friend, and they are whispering to each other in between kisses and stroking touches. Sherlock had taken up so much of his days, and nights, and thoughts, but it was never enough. It feels lovely and whole to whisper and talk to him, just the two of them, against the rest of the world.
Inspection was scheduled for the next morning. There was nothing left to do but wait for the union inspector.
This morning, she's reading the newspaper, tea at her fingertips. She hears a scrape near the window.
"Answer the question. Yes or no."
"You don't have to be sorry, John, I'd feel the same way,"
Three months into his career change, John still felt out of his depth at St. Bart's. He was thrilled to make the move from a simple A&E Doctor to a Forensic Pathologist. He'd accelerated the training, but it still took four years. During that time he'd pulled a favor from Mike Stamford, an old college buddy, to get him a residence in the morgue. Being the assistant to the Lead Forensic Pathologist was humbling, but John decided this was part of his retraining on "How to stop being a massive wanker and participate in society again."
When he is home, he runs up the stairs, peeling off his filthy clothes, shaking hands hardly letting him run the taps for a bath. He does his best to scrub away the feeling of Mary's gun touching his skin, her breath in his ear, her unflinching look at she shot a corpse at their feet.
The caterer clinks on a glass, "And pray silence for the best man,"
"Sherlock
"Billy," Sherlock huffs, putting reddened hands into his pockets.
With this twist in the plans, Mycroft had solidified forever John's respect; he understands now why he holds such a high position in government. He's ruthless, cunning, and one step ahead. John's glad he's on his side. John trusts him with his life.
Sherlock felt the first slice near his ribs, and a punch. He crumpled, giving a roundhouse kick to the man as he started to fall. He scrambled away, crawling on hands and knees, as the man stabbed at his calves, his thighs, as if he was attempting to pin the detective down with his knife.
As the Captain began to open his mouth, John was already moving. The Captain pulled a gun out of the back of his waistband, hiding it with the large book. John shoved Sherlock out of the way in instinct. He heard the shot, knowing it missed Sherlock, concerned that it had whizzed past them and hit a passenger. He didn't hear anything, sound and time had stopped. Adrenaline took over as John covered Sherlock, and he watched the Captain turn the gun, place it in his mouth, and blow his own brains out.
"My sweet prince," John huffs out as he falls into a deeper sleep.
He finished his speech, quickly stripping down to pants and crawling back under the covers around midnight. He set his alarm for early the next morning so he would have plenty of time to get ready. He told himself it was not to impress the bloke he'd just met that day, but a good way to calm his nerves.
John grinned back, eyes bright, "It's important for me to change based on my story. To get better. Not be stuck in the past and wallowing in what my life could've been."
"But, when you were upset, about the phone..."
But his smile, and his crossed arms, indicated he was teasing him.
Sherlock raked his fingers under John's shirt, circling his fingertips across his navel, his ribs, his hips. John sat up, rolling Sherlock but gripping him, forcing Sherlock to sit on John's lap, legs wrapped around him. Though their cocks and pelvises were no longer rubbing against each other, Sherlock felt an itch and a burn to get
"Don't be sorry," he said, lifting himself and John so they leaned back against the headboard, John still tucked against his side, "Are you happy? Overwhelmed?" Sherlock wiped away John's tears, keeping his arms wrapped tightly around him.
"Daddy!" Hamish jumped out of his hair, "I'm just telling you what I
"I'm not afraid, John," he said, sitting close, placing his fingers on his wet knee, "You're my betrothed."
John turned Sherlock so he could see him. He smiled up at him, his grin crinkling his eyes, "Oh God yes."
John was not going to allow anyone to make the same mistake he had in underestimating him. He turned to face both the DI and Sherlock so he could read both their lips, "Yes, he's the interpreter, and a damn good one too. He can read lips, so I suggest you stop saying things you don't want him to hear. Anything that's unclear between anyone, Sherlock and the wife I will help him. He's extremely brilliant, he could read me like a book the first time I met him, so he will probably help you solve the case."
‘Holmes. Holmes, please.’ I tried the handle. The door was unlocked and I pushed it open.
‘What’s that got to do with -?’
‘Right.’ I said. It was difficult to tear myself away. Some part of me feared that if I left him for any length of time, this open, vulnerable man would disappear and the intimidating, acerbic consulting detective would be in his place. ‘I’ll go now.’ I stepped back and moved away. His hand made an abortive gesture as if he would reach for me again.
I swallowed. ‘It was a bloody waste. I should have been called in days ago.’
Holmes hadn’t forgotten her. Had even sent her a wedding present from his alias. I felt warmth bloom in my chest at the thought. I determined to thank him quite thoroughly when I returned to Baker Street. I quickened my pace, eager to be home. I wondered if – I pulled my pocket watch out and checked the time. No, two forty-five in the afternoon was far too early to retire. ‘Retiring early’ had become our code, and we had recently become most conscientious about sufficient sleep, but there was early and there was ridiculous. But perhaps, if we were to ask not to be disturbed, and locked the door.... I dismissed the notion as too unsafe. Holmes would never agree, and there was no need for us to take unnecessary risks.
‘I have been. When I started. My first day like this one, I threw up repeatedly, and then got roaring drunk. You're doing much better.' He quirked me a comforting half smile. The unbearable tension in my chest eased a fraction. He continued, ‘You need to try and sleep, if you can.'
‘Yes.’ And then he sees where this is going, and says, warningly, ‘Sherlock -’
And so things became then as they had been. Only of course they could not be. As well as an underlying anxiety about my friend's continued presence in my life which led to a near-fixation with knowing his whereabouts on any given day, I also - and contrarily - found habits of his irritating to me in ways they had never been in the past.
‘And speak you have, Mrs Hudson. Well, Mr Holmes is off to his concert, but I have nothing on this afternoon. I can talk to her, and your duty will be satisfied.’
He stopped. I continued, ‘I’m sorry I’ve never said it before. I’m sorry if it offends you now. I couldn’t live with you not knowing any longer.  I want you to know that anything you need that is in my power to give, is yours. Without hesitation.’
Sherlock says quietly, ‘Since I – went away. Being without you was unbearable. I didn’t realise. Before. I didn’t know what it felt like. And then you were gone. And I knew.’ He stops, bites his lip, then carries on, ‘I was going to say. Something. When I came back. But -’
He leapt from his chair and began pacing the room. ‘It was
. His own birthday. Followed by the date he fell from the roof at St. Barts.
There was a loud knocking on the front door. We froze, staring at each other, inches apart. Moments later our landlady’s voice came from downstairs.
‘Alright, Watson.’ He says soothingly, ‘Whatever you like.’ He is kneeling in front of me again, looking into my eyes and away, his gaze flitting over me. He is deducing me, analysing the effect of the drug cocktail I have taken, and I find I like it. I like being the focus of Holmes’ attention. I can feel his gaze on me like sunlight. My clothes feel heavy where his hand moves across them. Only my current sensitivity to touch alerts me to the fact that he is picking my pocket, and I slap his hand away from the key.
‘Not at all, Mrs Hudson; after all, we can never tell where our most interesting cases will come from.’ I laid down my paper and moved to the dining table. ‘I will hear what she has to say, and you may send her on her way if there is nothing worthy of Mr Holmes’ attention.’
John stands, snaps, ‘I thought we’d just had this conversation Sherlock, yes.’
Whilst I had to extend some mental effort for this, Holmes appeared to be entirely unaffected. His attitude to me during our daily lives was as it had ever been. He was fond, insulting, and tolerant by turns. In our nights together he was open, vulnerable, and increasingly affectionate and demonstrative.
My army career ended in 1880, as I have recorded elsewhere, when I was shot at the battle of Maiwand. A debilitating illness after my injury had me sent home to England, to London, and eventually, to a laboratory at St Barts, where I met the man who would restore my fractured existence, and become in the process, my greatest friend, Sherlock Holmes.
She flushed, embarrassed, and said smartly, ‘There’s no need for charity, sir. I can pay.’
I began to speak again, but she carried on, ‘I wanted to thank you for findin’ John and askin’ him to write to me.’ I blinked.
He was staring at me, and the colour had risen slightly in his cheeks. As I finished speaking he laughed, a little embarrassed, but also, I thought, quietly pleased.
His cheeks were warm under my hands. His lips were dry, and soft. As I pressed my lips to his, he gave a quiet, aborted cry. My tiredness retreated in a flare of adrenaline and desire as his initial shock faded and he fumbled to draw me closer. I wound my arms around him and pulled our bodies together, kissing along his jawline, as his hands made vague patterns on my back. He was breathing hard, and held himself stiffly in my arms. I drew back, still holding him, struggling to see his face in the dim light.
‘That you,’ he stumbled over the words, and tried again, ‘that you...love me.’  This last was so quiet that even in the silent room I barely caught it.
‘All the time you were talking I was planning such a careful speech. All about the unacceptability of Holmes’ behaviour. His thoughtlessness. How you deserve better. And I stand by much of it. God, that behaviour would be unacceptable from a friend, much less a lover.’
I looked back at our guest with renewed interest, adopting my gentlest manner, usually reserved for patients of a nervous disposition. ‘Welcome Miss Robson, do sit down.’
‘Shh, love,’ I murmured. ‘Trust me.’ Slowly, he took his hand from mine and fisted the bedsheet as I carefully, gently, stroked him again. He grew achingly hard, and his breath came in gasps, before he rasped ‘John, I can’t, oh god, I can’t let go.’
I said carefully, ‘Then, we are still –‘
I smiled at his tone. ‘It certainly sounds -, ‘ I began. And then my eyes found the name at the end of my letter. Dr James Paulson.
I felt something clench in my chest, and drew a steadying breath. ‘Well, maybe he lost someone, a wife, perhaps.’ I doubted even as I said it. There was no reason for Holmes to invent such a backstory for Escott, unless it was to prey on the girls’ sympathies. But looking at the kindly girl before me, I couldn’t see any necessity do to so, and I’d never known Holmes be needlessly cruel.
with me. You never loved -
‘You were dead, Sherlock. You were dead
I left them avoiding each other’s gaze in chilly silence. The door to our sitting room was closed, and I entered carefully. ‘Holmes?’
I shot him a glance, stung at what could have been a reference to my losses at the card table early in our friendship, but there was no censure in the comment, and Holmes accusing me of being an open book was hardly new. I exhaled slowly, trying to find the right words. He regained his seat, still holding the unlit pipe and watching me.  We sat silence for a few more moments, before he broke it abruptly.
He nodded, retrieved the blanket from the floor, draped it around my shoulders, and curled back into his chair. ‘I am sorry about your patient.’
I need not recount again here the circumstances of that case. Suffice to say that for a short time I believed that I was about to be parted again from my dearest friend and that the beloved companionship so recently restored to me would be lost forever.
‘Miss Robson. She obviously said something that has disturbed you.’ His lips thinned. ‘I’m not sure how many times I need to explain that the deception was
Staring at the fire, I nodded.
‘I’ve intruded on your evening,’ I said. The warmth of the fire was soothing. ‘I should go.’
I could hear a clock chiming three as I left the house and started to walk. There were no cabs around at this hour, but it didn’t matter. I wanted to try and walk away the night. I squinted into the icy wind. The cold air stinging my eyes and cheeks was somehow a relief. I shoved my free hand in the pocket of my overcoat, holding my medical bag closer with the other. It felt heavier than it had earlier in the day, even though I knew there was less in it. I had rarely felt so utterly useless. Logically, I knew there was no fault of mine. There are limits to medicine and those had been reached long before my arrival. But logic is very little help in the face of grief. As I trudged towards Baker Street, tiny flecks of ice gathered in crevices on the pavement, and my leg began to ache.
Sherlock says, his voice suddenly quiet, ‘What if I was?’
‘Work what out, Miss Robson?’ The sooner I could get her to say it, the sooner I could refuse the case and return to the fire and my paper.
Sherlock is going through the drawers of John’s dresser when he finds them. He knows that John objects to that sort of thing, but really, this time he has a good excuse. He needs a white shirt, and his are all pink. He has a vague memory of Mrs Hudson saying something, as he loaded the machine, about red pants and white shirts but honestly, she talks almost constantly and he can’t be expected to pay attention to all of it. Or any of it. And he’d been occupied at the time with mentally triangulating the exact location in London that the mud in the centrifuge must have come from given the other variables involved, which he had been right about, obviously, so it’s quite acceptable that he ignored her. Only now his whites are pink. And not even a good pink, which might be nice. A sort of hideous splotchily patterned off-pink. And he needs something vaguely acceptable to meet Lestrade and his barely competent colleagues later.
A quiet Sunday in Baker Street found me reading our paper in front of the fire, the peace of the afternoon only occasionally broken by the sound of carriage wheels and hooves on cobbles, or shouts from the street below. The weather had been cold all week, and I had been in and out to patients for most of it, so I was relishing the opportunity to stay warm and indoors for the duration of the day. Despite having sold my practice, I had a number of private patients who had managed to fall ill at the same time, leaving me shuttling from one to the other during one of the coldest weeks of the year. Holmes had had a case which had required his presence at Scotland Yard for most of the week, and we had barely seen each other. I didn’t know whether to be relieved or disappointed by this turn of events. Our disagreement and reconciliation of the previous week had left a strange atmosphere in our rooms. Our brief interactions as we passed each other in the mornings or evenings had been fond, but excessively courteous and polite in a manner which was slightly disconcerting.
‘Of course,’ I assured her. I would thank Holmes for both of us.
In my published stories from this date, I have intentionally given the impression that my life with Holmes continued as if the interruption had not taken place. To an outside observer, I have no doubt that this would appear to be the case. Within our rooms, however, the feeling was very different. In the immediate aftermath of Holmes' return and my relocation, I was still, I think, in shock. More than once, rising to find Holmes not in our shared rooms, I invented an excuse to knock at the door of his room, just to reassure myself that he was still there. I would find it difficult to settle in the evenings if Holmes was not home, and be unable to sleep until I heard his step on the stair.
"Who wrote a P.S. in a dating profile... P.S. I'm going to be honest, I am not the one who's looking. I'm writing this for my brother who is an obstinate ex-soldier who won't admit that he needs someone in his life, if you are up to the task! Also, here is a link to his blog just for you to see that he's really desperate, the poor soul! http://www.johnwatsonblog.co.uk/ AH!" Greg exclaims victoriously "This is why he's alone! Meddling sister included in the package!"
As John gasps, the detective realizes that he was the cause.
(See the end of the chapter for
"It's your house..." John laughs."Come in, Mike!"
“Our people are in place, two men on this table and a couple at this one,” Anthea says, showing the setup on the telly. The images of the interior of the restaurant were clear as crystal, displaying both tables as well as the table reserved for Sherlock. “And Doctor Watson is walking around upon the hill, waiting for the moment to go back to the centre.”
The young woman, looking around and a bit shy of being under the scrutiny of her classmates, mumbles “Don’t know... let say that... someone fell on the floor after he died from a heart attack.” As Watson encourages her to continues, she adds, “if the cop only found that the back of the head is cut and bloody, they’ll never know that it was the heart...”
His mind replies.
As Clara's smile drops, Harry engulfs the cute tiny woman in her arms. "Don't be sad, darling, he's going to know it when the right one shows up!"
“No, you won’t, you know you love me.” They walk to the other side where the criminals were waiting for transport. “Ah! You were right, mate, it was Appleton and not Holt.”
“Harry? Is this you?” It was the first contact he had with his sister in weeks, “where are you?”
As the door closes behind the guard and his prisoner, McAlister probes, “who was that?”
“Yes, more reasonable, of course.” John smiled, holding the man closed, knowing that it was a bit soon to talk about becoming a vampire himself.
“Why?” The vampire protested as he was already trying to find a suitable excuse.
. Sherlock, alone in a corner table at Angelo’s is waiting for John, second-guessing the moment of craziness he had earlier.
.” The weight on the last word is obvious, the message clear. Before walking away from the desk, he murmurs “go home, Doctor Watson, he’s in no danger whatsoever besides dying of boredom and you need a good night of sleep. Anyway, you have only a little room left before you start having trouble with the Dean, do yourself a favour, leave now.”
"What's that?" The young man point at John's blog who was showing on the screen.
Simpson, who really like Sherlock, asks quickly "Is there something wrong?"
“Yes, Sir!” Using her phone she quickly sent a message to the cab company that works with them to get there as quickly as possible. “It’s done, and now?”
Chapter 3 is in the hands of my beta :-) 2018/09/04
"Unwanted complications, everybody is looking for something even if they don't know it."
Send me a nude-pic, if you're hot enough maybe we can put your sleepless night to good use --
“This is going to be great, John. Come on, I want good seats!”
“I often stay silent for hours, lost in my Mind Palace!”
It looks like you take down that crazy profile now.  I am not receiving any messages."
Sherlock is still looking around, searching for something when he stumbles on the place where they kept a prisoner. The length of the body, the shoes size, the blond hair he founds where the doctor head touched the ground, everything is saying John. Color drained from his face at the sight of blood drops on the cement.
