In Act 2 of the play, the main character meets with the troll mountain king, who asks the crucial question: What is the difference between troll and man?
He was so lost in his thoughts and his playing that he failed to notice the time passing, or hear the door opening and the quiet entry of his companion who stopped to watch him play.
room. True, he hadn't then been looking for what he was certain to exist if his deductions proved right, but it was hardly something he might have glossed over had he seen it.
While this might have been true - deep down, this Sherlock was a surprising romantic at heart - I was far from appeased by his reassurance, but bade him to continue.
They rearranged themselves again, ending up in a loose spoon, Sherlock fulfilling the role of the smaller spoon. John found his arm manoeuvred until it was over his lover and Sherlock had entwined their fingers to keep him there. It was nice. Comforting, but still with their own space to sleep and move in. From where he was, he could smell the shampoo Sherlock had used in his hair and it was somehow soothing.
“Zhi Zhu serves, but it hits the net and rolls back. The ball girl darts across to retrieve it and Zhi Zhu lines up to serve again. It’s good. Watson backhand, Zhi Zhu forehand, Watson forehand, Zhi Zhu, and Watson with a forehand slice, Zhi Zhu gets to it but it’s an easy overhead put away for Watson.”
“There’s a reason why Zhi Zhu has got this far in this tournament and having lost the first set on the tie-break he’s managed to find something to step up his game and take it right back to Watson.”
"Not to speak of," the doctor replied. "Only child. Older parents. His mother passed when he was nine, his father when he was in his late twenties. It was different then, but I don't think they were particularly close. He had a cousin, ten, twelve years his senior, who he kept in touch with, but that was about it."
“You’re thinking,” Sherlock said, his voice muffled as he rubbed his face across the pillow and got himself comfortable again. “I can hear you. It’s annoying.”
With his superior reflexes he could have easily avoided the fist, but he didn't. There was something cathartic about letting it land; the burst of pain as his head snapped round; the rush of energy as his fangs sprung out; the sudden heightening of all his senses as instinct took over to confront the immediate threat.
One thing was certain, John thought as he bit into the omelette aux truffes and closed his eyes in delight, the food was indeed exquisite. By the time he opened his eyes again he found Sherlock staring at him, head tipped slightly to one side.
"I hate you," Sherlock repeated. "You and your life, and, and your books, and your games, and your stupid jumpers. And I hate
"Sure enough, two days later I was paid a visit by two gentleman, who much like yourself, held all the vestige of being human without the fact. It was the first time I had knowingly been so close to such an individual, and I confess I found it fascinating.
"What? Oh. Stuff," the doctor said. "That's all. Some of Harry's stuff. Some of mine. Some things we bought together. Some things inherited."
Then the fingers were withdrawing and he whined in annoyance, head twisting to see why. The answer was suddenly obvious though, thick and hard as it jutted from the doctor's groin, and in an instant everything became even more real.
"His," the doctor said, the dice landing on a six. "It was something he wanted to do when he finally retired. The cottage in Sussex had hives. That was what probably gave him the idea, and when he got an idea like that in his head..." He offered a slight shrug before rolling another six. "Bees seemed to fascinate him. He kept talking about the way they were mathematically perfect. Something about the shape of the honeycomb. He was working on some sort of proof, but I don't know if he managed to finish it."
Beneath him Sherlock looked the very image of debauchery. Back arched, mouth open, pupils blown, spent cock already showing signs of recovery. The fire light added a glow to his skin. The long legs begged to be thrown over a shoulder. Relaxed by the chemicals in John's saliva, everything about him screamed to be pinned down and taken.
“Nothing,” Sherlock snapped back, rising to his feet and snatching up the postcard again, investigating it as if it held the answer to life the universe and everything. “I’ve seen him once. We didn’t speak, he just smiled. That’s all. He’s in the other half of the draw, we won’t see him.”
“What? Oh. That,” Sherlock said, snatching up the little notebook as he flung himself down onto the sofa again. “Dinner tonight. Wanted to check what I’ve worn in the past.”
Not perfect, but it didn't stop him from wanting it though. That was the thought that had buried itself deep within his mind and then somehow found the cracks to grow in. He had never thought he would ever find anyone he would actually enjoy spending time with and who enjoyed his company in return. A home, a partner, a shared life had never been his dream, not because he hadn’t ever wanted it, but because he had never thought it would be possible.
Their hands brushed when the doctor handed over a freshly made mug of tea - exactly as Sherlock liked it - but a short nod to the unspoken question was all that was needed for the doctor to then leave him to his own thoughts, well aware as Sherlock was that the doctor was right there should he require him.
Of course, there was always the chance that he could in fact beat Sherlock. And wouldn’t that be a turn up for the books. The fall out… might not be pretty, to say the least. But they would get over it. Of course they would.
The records lined up in the cupboard were much the same. Well-known pop from the sixties like The Beatles and the Beach Boys joined the classical likes of Bach, Paganini and Mendelssohn. Gaelic music stood next to Vera Lynn and Glen Miller. Jazz and swing slid into Motown. Although all clearly sorted by genre and then date, the tastes were surprisingly varied, and the rhyme and reason were harder to determine.
“The challenge has been set and Zhi Zhu is responding with that acrobatic athleticism he’s known for. Once again Watson could do nothing and he finds himself having to fight hard on his own serve.”
1746, the Battle of Culloden. Decisive victory for the Hanoverian King George over Charles Stuart's rebellious Jacobites. The last pitched battle fought on British soil; one that had not ended well for the Scots.
"Mouth though. Point straight, or even better, slightly downwards, and it's bye-bye spinal column, which does tends to be rapidly fatal. Which is the point, after all, isn't it, doctor? To. Be. Fatal."
Our Sherlock is Harry reborn. Harry was Victorian Sherlock reborn. And so on. They all have Sherlock somewhere in their names. Sherlock's soul is rather attached to the name.
"Rest assured, Mr Holmes, I plan on being plenty more smug before this day is out. But not yet," he added, a small lick to his lips, "because the night is young, and anticipation is everything."
It was alright, it was all good. You’re in control. You just have to do this. Get through this, take a bathroom break and then go from there. Okay then.
For those of you as confused as Sherlock about John's question about "Highlander", "Highlander" is a film and television franchise that began with a 1986 fantasy movie starring Christopher Lambert as Connor MacLeod, the Highlander. Born in Glenfinnan, in the Scottish Highlands in the 16th century, MacLeod is one of a number of Immortals who can die only after being beheaded.
Perching on the bed, he studied the pistol. It was nothing particularly special and far from unique. Despite its age, there would still be hundreds of its like around. The most obvious course of action would be to destroy it. To take it apart bit by bit. Or to put it somewhere it would never be found - like the bottom of the loch, for instance.
"Further intrigued, I widened my search and discovered at least three more mentions of an individual claiming that name and title in incidents around Europe, all of which coincided with reports of bloodless corpses being discovered, their deaths never solved.
That was at least what he told himself, even going so far as to decline food because he was busy. Perhaps the bigger surprise was that the doctor allowed him to.
"I confess I am unsure how best to broach this," I said. "Yet I must. So I will do it in the most direct manner, as befitting your expressed preference. Holmes, I am not entirely human."
Then another book, even more intimate than what had gone before; asleep nude except for the falling sheet, light streaming through the window; off angled, upper body close up, neck strained, mouth open, head tilted back from unseen pleasure; two hands clasped together beside a turned away head.
He tried the side pocket. A-ha, one black, sleek flip notebook and… what was this? He frowned as with the notebook he pulled out some kind of a card. A postcard actually. Three letters were neatly written on the back, while on the front…. He felt the blood drain from his face.
Slipping from the bed, he was surprised to find himself clean and in boxers, as if the doctor had wanted him to retain a measure of modesty. As if that was possible after what they had done. More surprisingly though, was the lack of soreness or discomfort. He ached, that was true, but it was the full body ache that often followed intense exercise. The parts of him that he had expected to be sore were actually all fine. Apart from the deep muscular ache there was nothing physical to suggest what they had done. Nothing to mark his loss of virginity.
sounds of enjoyment, Sherlock realised. Until now he had never realised just how many nerve endings there were there, or how good they could feel, or how-
As old fashioned writing desks went, this was certainly a beauty. Georgian in age, probably around 1780 or so. Well maintained, but the scratches and hinges told of usage over the years. A beautiful polished mahogany on the outside, it opened to a beautiful writing surface dominated by an inlaid burr walnut oval. Stylish and well-made, it was not too dissimilar to the one he remembered being in his father's study at Musgrave. Another victim of that fire.
“That’s right, Ann. There’s a reason they’ve nicked-named wonder kid Zhi Zhu the Chinese spider bird, and it’s not just because of his name. He’d got aggression and agility, and all the markings of a potential top world class player. He’s fast, he’s dynamic, and when he gets it right, he’s deadly, as Mardy Fish discovered in the last round.”
The doctor's laugh was one of delight, then the fingers flexed again and the sensation only increased.
Sherlock hid a small smile as he turned back to the shelves. He wondered how long it would take the doctor to realise that the question had been asked in German and that he had responded in kind. The doctor was a man of surprises it seemed.
The next day, the doctor was nowhere to be seen, the blankets he had used folded at the foot of the sofa. The note on the table said that he would be back soon. Beside it, innocent and unassuming lay the keys to the jeep, and the key for the upstairs room.
It was somehow different this time. Firmer. Warmer. The finger on his cheek turned into a palm and somehow they were closer still. The doctor's mouth moved with more purpose. No longer limited to just his lips, the doctor trailed a line of kisses across his cheek, his jaw, then back to his mouth, which he met willingly, lips parting to a caress by the tip of a tongue. Then suddenly everything was warmer and wetting and the doctor's tongue was doing things, and it was hot, and it was good, and he wanted more....
A flick of the wrist and the doctor relinquished the tea towel to a hook to dry. His face was almost flushed as he beamed a smile, although there was not one hint of embarrassment or self-consciousness about him or what he had been caught doing at all.
"Good," the doctor said with a supportive smile. "I take it you play. Well obviously you play." Sheepish grin followed by a lick of his lips. "Any good?"
The final note still vibrating, he pulled the instrument away, slowly lowering it back to the case. Despite his fingers being unused to the particular instrument and a little out of practice in general, it had still managed to sound rich and magical.
He shifted awkwardly for a moment, suddenly aware that in accepting the drink he was now unable to facilitate a quick retreat to the bedroom. Even if he ignored standard curtesy and took the drink to his room, he was still required to wait for it to be made.
"Here we are then," he said quietly. "Why don't you go grab a shower and warm up a bit? I'll stick the chips on while you’re at it. They'll take twenty minutes or so, so there's no need to rush."
Calling it a night, he had waited until the doctor had retreated to the bathroom for his nightly ablutions. Then, descending the stairs, he made as if to get himself a drink before crossing to the desk.
She swirled her glass. “Mhm, yes, he can be rather an idiot like that, but love makes fools of us all.”
“Break point saved, Watson lines himself up to serve again, it’s good, but Zhi Zhu’s return can only find the net.”
"Out of the thanages, mormaerdoms, Legendary shires and kingdoms, Defunct boundaries and the lost Dynastic certainties – a ghost Light on the grass, a shivering Transparent wing," the doctor quoted as he watched the sun sink behind the western hills. "Listen to twigs scratch as a broom Swishes across a vanished room Trembling on this venerable And enigmatic hill."
The album Sherlock puts on is "Sunshine on Leith", The Proclaimers second and best studio album. The album also includes "I’m On My Way." "I’m Gonna Be (500 miles)" is the opening song on the album. Ironically, 500 miles is also approximately how far Sherlock is now from Cambridge.
"Also known as graduated exposure therapy," he replied automatically. "A type of behaviour therapy used in the field of psychology to help effectively overcome phobias and other anxiety disorders...." He let his words trail off as the facts filtered into their current situation. The situation where he had just agreed to have sexual contact with someone he had barely had any physical contact with up to this point.
“Hello and welcome to another stifling day here in Flushing Meadows, New York. Let’s see if we can strike away those Monday blues with some great tennis by the best in the world. We have it all coming up for you, in both the singles and the doubles.
Sherlock collapsed onto the second armchair considering his options. It was obvious that the doctor had no idea what the instrument was. If he did it was inconceivable that it would have remained buried under years of dust and clutter. Harry must not have known either, ignorant about things outside of his twin pursuits and casual interests. Which raised the question of how much he should say.
Sherlock didn't reply and the doctor didn’t ask again, but neither did he offer any further information.
He almost regretted the choice the moment the bass started on the opening track and the doctor raised an eyebrow at the choice.
The doctor offered a greeting smile as he looked up from his mug and book. "Sure," he said. "Your boots are by the back door. Coats and waterproofs are under the stairs. Help yourself. There should be something that fits. There are thermal flasks in one of the kitchen cupboards. Take food and water with you, especially if you're planning on being out for more than an hour."
“What?” Sherlock said, his eyebrows pulling together in the way they did when something wasn’t quite adding up in his mind. “You’re smiling. Why are you smiling?”
He rolled his eyes. "My brother. Constantly. 'You need to learn to wait, Sherlock.' 'Waiting is good, Sherlock'. 'No, I get to go first because I'm older and bigger and smarter, Sherlock.',
He wasn’t one to linger over his morning routines, but even so the breakfast was presented and waiting for him by the time he emerged newly showered, shaved and dressed. The table was laden with more food than they could possibly eat even if they had all morning to do so. The smell of scrambled eggs and freshly brewed coffee was more than enough to get his mouth watering and a quick glance at the table showed that Sherlock had managed a fine selection of all his pre-match favourites.
Sherlock made a nondescript sound, but twitched in what John read as a shake of head. “No tea?” he asked.
The weeks that follow continue in that vein. Despite the threat of John’s detachment looming over them like an ever-present dark cloud, Sherlock can’t help feeling altogether happy and content. He takes up his regular shifts in Hut 8, and finds he enjoys the codebreaking more than he used to. Occasionally, John keeps him company in the Crib Room, even though most of the time, he helps Mike Stamford at the infirmary, assists Denniston with organisational matters, or aids the codebreakers with naval intelligence. As often as they can, the two men try to coordinate their shifts to spend time together – even if that time is just spent sleeping. Sherlock finds that after a long day bent over garbled Enigma letters, simply staying in John’s company is relaxing and helps to pull him out of his mind. Sometimes, they make love then, but more often than not they ride their bikes if the weather allows, or spend time in Sherlock’s room which somehow has become ‘their’ room. Sherlock plays the violin for John, composes sometimes. Often, they simply sit together reading, or talking quietly. Sherlock explains some of his experiments to John, and John discusses medical issues with him, to fill gaps in Sherlock’s knowledge of this subject. When they know Mrs. Turner is out or busy with something and unlikely to surprise them, they also lie on the narrow bed, John playing with Sherlock’s hair or massaging his tense shoulders.
“But on the other hand the valet provided you with Moran’s car, didn’t he?” muses Sherlock. “The next day, he brought it to the garage in Bletchley to be cleaned and serviced. Trying to get into your good books, pretending to be on your side?”
“Good afternoon, ladies,” Sherlock greeted the three persons that were staring at him in utter surprise. Following behind him, John saw three girls of varying ages. One he recognised from the photographs he’d seen in the Millers’ stable and Katie’s kitchen. Emma was older now and wore her hair differently, shorter, but she still had the same large eyes and freckled nose. Despite approaching puberty, she seemed to prefer colourful, still rather childlike, practical clothes and Wellingtons to what John had seen girls even younger than her wear in London.
Sherlock hesitates, feeling no desire to go near the trees, but at the same time he doesn’t want to leave. Eventually, he sits down next to a gnarled hawthorn not far from the marker stone. Then he hears a soft whistle. It sounds like a bird, albeit one he doesn’t recognise. But only just. Something is odd about the call. He has an inkling who the whistler might be and his heart lifts.
Sherlock’s hand slides over his, grabs and squeezes it. “Don’t forget that I, too, will end my career in Paris on Sunday,” says Sherlock gravely. “And that like you, I am grateful about having something to look forward to – although I should warn you that I’ve never really had a flatmate before. It may take some ... adjusting.”
Sherlock continues, “You didn’t know of her death until the night of the Extravaganza. That was Tuesday. You didn’t attempt to contact her after you parted ways on Sunday night. This indicates that you did argue. So why did she leave the car the night she died? Why didn’t you drop her off at her billet – you were wearing disguise, and an effective one, too, because even I mistook you for a man when you almost ran me over with the Bentley, briefly after parting from Jenny.”
“It’s going to be your job to protect him, you know,” goes on Molly. “I have some messages I could use your ideas on. I have tea, too.”
She hesitates, then writes down a few names. Staring at the list in her hands, she frowns, before handing it to Sherlock. He recognises a few local businesses and organisations such as the Hay Castle Trust. A few individuals are listed as well. He is not surprised to find Barbara Rawlings among them.
John shakes his head violently. “Then you’re an idiot. Sherlock, go! You’ll do no such thing. Let me ride at my own pace.”
John has walked down to the water, his dark form a stark contrast to the silvery surface of the pond. Suddenly, he hunkers down and begins to study the ground close to the water carefully.
“Tiffany. Like you said, she seems to have inherited your intelligence, your quick wit and your directness. Some of your awkwardness around people, too, if I may say so. It’s comforting to know, somehow, that there are always going to be people like you in this world, even if you don’t have children of your own.”
“Not at all. Thank you for the invitation, by the way. You have been very generous. I would have expected you to want to spend some time with Miss Adler alone, without a pair of strangers tagging along.”
John seems to be similarly affected. He doesn’t meet Sherlock’s eyes, but licks his lips repeatedly. Eventually, he takes a step back and clears his throat awkwardly. Waving a hand towards the buttons down the front of Sherlock’s trousers, he licks his lips again.
Swallowing around the sudden lump in his throat, and feeling a strange desire to rub Sherlock’s shoulder reassuringly, he nods. “You’re welcome,” he replies.
The road began to ascend more steeply once they had passed the church and John ground his teeth at the dull pain of sore musculature. He had felt considerably well this morning, his shoulder only faintly stiff and his legs barely aching. But now that they were required to work again, they reminded him painfully of yesterday’s strenuous climb. Luckily, today’s was less than half as long, their destination La Planchette being situated at an altitude of about 1500 metres instead of over 2500 like the previous day. There were, however, some steep passages to climb, and John didn’t look forward to those. He hoped his legs would recover once the exercise had warmed them up.
John steps closer to look at the fibres, which Sherlock places between the pages of the notebook. “So Miss Wilson used this path yesterday? But when? Sure she wouldn’t have walked here in the dark, would she? It’s tricky enough now during the day, at least with the bicycles.”
Starting in Montpellier, capital of the Languedoc-Roussillon region, the twelfth stage is another transitional one with an undulating profile and four categorised climbs, taking the riders inland from the Mediterranean coast to the textile town of Castres. Three of the four ascents, the Côte de Cantagal at 171 metres, the Côte du Mas-Rouet at 380m, and the 340m high Col du Buis are all category four. They are situated within the first 75 kilometres of the stage, followed by two intermediate sprints on the plateau between Herepian and Olargues, and the feeding zone at La Siège. The decision of who will win the stage is expected to fall on the last climb of the day, a category two up Montée de la Jeante at 958 metres of altitude.
Eddie shrugs again. “A few bits and bobs. No full reels, mind. They’re precious. I don’t sell them. Didn’t then, and won’t now. In fact, I’m extra careful now, ’cause of the fire.” He indicates his singed eyebrows.
“I asked round, of course. But nobody knew of anyone. I mean, it could be that there were some day trippers up on the Downs. We get lots of hikers and cyclists here. The South Downs Way runs right along the ridge of the Downs and it’s very popular with visitors, particularly now during the summer holidays. Some take the buses from Worthing or Horsham and then walk up to the Downs. But a lone child ... that’s strange – or not, if he’s in cahoots with the kidnapper.”
“Bit soon for that. It’s early days, Harry. But yeah, I think I will, eventually. Might be good for others in this sport who still have to hide who they love.”
Southwards, the ground falls again, but not as steeply as to the north. Here and there, shallow pits and grooves have been dug into the chalky earth, and there are narrow tracks and paths all over the down, perhaps made by the sheep or other animals. Sherlock wonders if in the olden days when people still lived up on the hill or took refuge in the fort, they dug for flints to either use for tools or weapons, or later for making fire and flintlocks for firearms. Oh, he needs to find some books on the subject. A portable library would be very helpful in these instances.
Sherlock laughs softly, shaking his head. “It really does bother you, doesn’t it? Why? I told you. He asked if I could help him to put up some shelves. I said yes. Then I just did what we are doing now. Helped him put up his shelves. I did suggest some modifications, though, for a better fit.” He frowns. “Although come to think of it, when he asked me ... I think he might have wanted something else.”
“They’re right,” admits Sherlock. “The day after tomorrow and the day after that are going to be the hardest days of this Tour for me, particularly the stage with Cols de Menté and Peyresourde, the Port de Balès and two more categorised climbs. I’ll be glad to hang on to the rear-wheels of the other favourites to get across these mountains in a fairly acceptable time. And it all depends on how tomorrow goes. Should I lose too much time already, I don’t think I’ll try fighting for a podium place at all. Top ten would be respectable, too.”
Emma looked up at the mention of her father’s name and watched her mother with a grave expression that made her look much older than her twelve years. Katie noticed, and reached out to stroke her hair.
“Also, John Watson, I know you,” she replies. “You’re already hooked.” Swinging her bag over her shoulder, she winks at John. “See you at dinner. And tell his lordship I’ll see him later and give him something for the sunburn on his nose before it gets any worse. Don’t forget to mention that he needs to exchange the cold water for warm for his precious flowers. If you need more cool packs and painkillers, let me know. Mike will be here in a moment for your massage. Have you eaten anything since the crash?”
Sherlock chuckles, his heart light and his stomach doing these flippy things again. “Says the man who duelled a serial killer with a chair leg.”
“You wouldn’t be the first person Mycroft pays to keep an eye on me. He had his informants at Harrow and later at Cambridge University. Without doubt there was somebody at Team Danone, too, and later, of course, during rehab.” He doesn’t sound angry, merely resigned, stating facts.
The other shrugs dejectedly. He doesn’t seem angry, though. “Yes, you could say so. My Dad took it up after the last war. He was at the Somme, returned in ’17 with only one arm and one eye blind from a bit of shrapnel that hit his face. Every loud noise made him twitch and shake. Shell shock, they called it then.”
With a sigh, he sits up straighter in his chair. He becomes aware that next to him, Sherlock has been studying him with a thoughtful, almost worried expression. “I’ll decide tomorrow, I guess,” John shrugs. “Right now I don’t feel a solo ride would be a good idea. I’ll just have to see how the stage develops, who tries to break away, and when, and if I’ve good legs tomorrow or not.”
are engaged in animated conversation, the latter properly attired for a change. He sometimes shows up at work in his dressing gown, having forgotten to dress because an idea hit him in the bathroom. Turing, however, is still wearing sports gear, having obviously used the fair weather for a run to clear his head. Despite being another Cambridge man, Sherlock never really encountered him over there. Turing is younger than he by some five years, attended a different college, and since neither participated much in inter-college activities, their paths never crossed before Bletchley. He is a true genius, though, one of the most brilliant mathematicians of his age and a driving force in the codebreaking efforts at Bletchley. The whirring Bombe machines in Hut 11 which so help the cryptographers by technically limiting the myriad ways a message can be encoded are his invention, partly based on the work of Polish codebreakers. But he’s a weird one, Turing. Shy and mostly living in his own head, he seems happiest when dealing with numbers. Or when he’s running. Sherlock sympathises with him. For him the cycling does it, or his violin and experiments when he needs distraction from abstract brain work.
he thinks, and can hardly believe that indeed they did more than kissing. These lips have touched his most private part and did marvellous things there. He shifts in his seat and clears his throat, causing John’s smile to broaden despite John studiously watching the road ahead. He must have read Sherlock’s mind, and proves it by saying,
Sherlock slows his steps, waiting for John to catch up. “I can virtually hear you thinking,” he says, his voice deep and a little hushed. It doesn’t seem appropriate to speak too loudly in this strange, black and sliver-hued night.
Sherlock has snatched the cup from his hands and taken a sip. It’s tooth-rottingly sweet, and even though generally, he is partial to sweets, he wouldn’t have drunk anything so sugar-heavy. But for his sugar-depleted body, this is heaven. He takes off the plastic lid and drinks the lukewarm brew with delight, wiping his froth-covered lips on his sleeve before diving into the cup again.
Victor licks his lips. “Emilio and I, we had a meeting with Moriarty, Moran and their team’s doctor after yesterday’s stage.”
A short while later, armed with a cup of tea made just the way John likes it, Sherlock climbs the stairs to John’s room. To his surprise, the door is open. John is sitting on his bed with his back to the door, the light of his bedside lamp casting his hunched over silhouette in warm light. He must have heard Sherlock’s footsteps on the stairs or smelled the tea but doesn’t react but for a slow release of breath. His arms are angled, his head is bowed – he must be holding something in his hands and is gazing at it. Sherlock can’t see it from where he is standing, but even without a clear visual cue, he knows his deduction is right: John is staring at the – probably still unopened – envelope Mycroft provided, the envelope containing information about John’s ‘disappeared’ daughter and probably her mother.
“Yes, although it seems to have acquired much of its notoriety in fairly recent times. Anyway, I’m rather convinced our three grave-robbers here knew where to look, and what to look for. They’re not doing this for the first time, judging from their equipment and the way they’ve been going about the venture, particularly their attempts at keeping it secret.”
Sherlock makes a frustrated sound. “Not much. They are communicating in Italian. I do know the language, but it makes lip-reading even more difficult. Ricoletti appears to be upset or annoyed by something and Fratelli is trying to reassure or persuade him. They seem familiar with each other. Victor has so far not said much, mostly listened. There is a small bag on the table but I can’t see what’s inside it.”
“Oh yes,” says Llewellyn. “But you see, most seeds are airborne in some form or another, and plants will find even the smallest bit of humus or topsoil to grow in.”
Tossing his head up haughtily, Sherlock stalks to his side of the bed, turns off the light and gets in, letting John cover him with the duvet. They exchange a brief, chaste kiss, a mere touch of lips, before, sighing happily, John lies back. Sherlock does so, too, wondering whether this kind of goodnight ritual is going to be a thing now. Would he mind? Not really. Despite initial misgivings, kissing John has turned out to be surprisingly enjoyable. Sherlock is eager to try it again, preferably without any ticks present. He thinks he’d like to attempt kissing with tongue, too. So far, the mere thought of exchanging saliva with another person has been intrusive and gross. Janine tried it once, and he almost bit her, shocked as he was at suddenly feeling her tongue touching his. He didn’t like it, although the intimacy wasn’t lost on him. Doing that with John ... Something flutters in his stomach at the thought. Yes, yes, he’d definitely like to try that with John. He’s going to have to do some research beforehand, just to make sure that he’s up to scratch and won’t disappoint his partner. Not that John isn’t eager to teach him. This thought increases the farm, fuzzy feeling in Sherlock’s belly. John wants to kiss him. He
Now it was John’s turn to blush. It always felt strange to receive compliments on his features or physique from someone as handsome if unusual looking as Sherlock. It felt bloody good, though.
They get to Leicester Square without problems, but find that the Northern Line has been suspended. The escalators aren’t working, either, forcing them into a long climb over crowded staircases up to street level. By the time they step out onto Charing Cross Road, both are winded. John is limping slightly – his other leg for a change, making Sherlock wonder whether he sustained more than a few scratches and bruises while protecting him from the bomb blast. Sherlock’s cracked ribs are hurting, and his headache is pounding so badly that John looks at him concernedly and asks him whether he needs to sit down. Sherlock is tempted to lean against him again, but decides against it, as it might be looked at askance in such a public place. Instead, he holds up his hand when he spots a taxi.
Hope, however, recovers with surprising ease. When John takes a step towards him, he stoops, picks up the figure of a hare that stands next to the grate – a doorstopper judging by its obvious weight – and hurls it at Sherlock. Before Sherlock can react, John has collided with him and pushed him out of the trajectory of the heavy object which crashes against the wall not far from his head, leaving a noticeable dent. Both of them stumble, require a moment to regain firm footing – by which time Hope has turned on his heels and made for the stairs.
The train whistles to announce its imminent departure. Around them, passengers start boarding. Couples are embracing and kissing, saying farewell. A girl waves a handkerchief to her father, who then takes it from her, waving back. Next to John and Sherlock, a young woman is hugging her uniformed fiancé tightly, whispering into his ear and kissing his neck. He doesn’t seem to want to let go of her, sniffs loudly and holds her even tighter. More than anything, Sherlock wants to close the distance between John and him, hold him close and smell his scent, feel his warmth. He wants to kiss him one last time. He wants the world to see that they aren’t just two good friends saying farewell, but that in a way, they are betrothed. They belong to each other. The look John gives him clearly indicates he wants the same. But they both know they mustn’t. Whatever their feelings, to the people on the train and the platform, and for their own safety, they must uphold a lie. John twitches, clearly holding himself back. Sherlock feels like bursting into tears again, but not from the wind this time. He pulls himself together, however, and holds out a hand to John.
She hangs up, and Sherlock turns to the other two. “It looks as if the noose round our special friend’s neck is getting rather tight now.”
“Sorry,” rasps Sherlock, and tries to detach himself from John, with little success, because John holds him in place, stroking his shoulder. He glares at John. “It’s all your fault.”
“I simply had to take the shot,” apologised Lestrade with a hint of embarrassment. “I’ll delete it if you want me to.”
Sherlock fishes out the towel John has left to soak in the sink to get rid of the bloodstains from the shaving incident, wrings it out, shakes it and hangs it over the rim of the bathtub. Then he washes his hands. John has been out quite long. He hasn’t taken his phone with him, so Sherlock has no means of reaching him. Worry is gnawing on him. He wonders whether he should ask Mycroft for extra surveillance.
John climbs into the back, holding the door open for Sherlock who, already engrossed in the file, absently clambers onto the back seat next to him. The file is interesting, certainly, and despite being a slim volume, contains some important information about their suspect (not yet confirmed as such, strictly speaking, nevertheless it feels right to label Moran just so). Sherlock has to commend Lestrade and his team on their speedy research. A tiny alarm bell sounds in the back of his head. Finding out so much about Moran so quickly either indicates very expedient police work, or meddling by certain people Sherlock would prefer to stay out of this case. The file reeks of Mycroft Holmes pulling some strings, as he always does. Still, Sherlock can’t resist the temptation to peruse it.
Tapping his lower lip with his index finger, he glances about until his gaze falls on the mansion peeking through the trees. “There may even be another source, although involving her might mean that we’ll have rather unwelcome attention before long.”
John shakes his head. “No. I know you’re a quiet sleeper. I’m sure there are more blankets in the wardrobe, should a fight over the duvet develop during the night. And if it stays this cold, having a living warm-water bottle in bed will be nice.”
As for the original source, it’s difficult to determine. Nobody really names their sources – understandably, because most of what they write are clear fabrications and overdramatisations, included for their potential shock value. I haven’t had time for research yet, but I would estimate that the original source is to be found online, although this here
Sherlock sniffs, smiling against John’s skin. John makes a questioning sound. Sherlock lifts his head and gazes at him, seeing worry which is immediately replaced by love and happiness. He kisses John, and John kisses back, obviously relieved that Sherlock is all right.
Sherlock gives him another of his long, inscrutable gazes, before inclining his head again and shifting his eyes to the ceiling again. John’s phone pings with another text message. He makes no move to retrieve it, too busy looking at Sherlock’s profile. “What about you?” he ventures at length, when Sherlock doesn’t further the conversation.
John watched him thoughtfully, trying to imagine Sherlock during his Cambridge days: younger, less refined in taste and expression, bright and eager. And lonely. John recalled from his own university days that people like Sherlock rarely became popular, unless they acted like Victor Trevor apparently had and arrived with a huge dollop of self-confidence born out of privilege. Sherlock, too, came from a well-to-do family, but he never boasted with his funds, Spencer Hart suits and Belstaff coat aside, and apart from providing him with a top education both at school and later – which, in fact, he seemed to have appreciated –, his parents hadn’t endowed him with any of the easy charm the confidently rich and popular so often sported. Moreover, the likelihood of some of Sherlock’s classmates from Harrow having attended the same college was high, thus carrying his reputation as a loner and worse, a freak to the new place and robbing him of any chance to begin with a clean slate.
“Well,” comments Sally when she ends the video broadcast and gazes into the round, “let’s hope he’s right. This Tour really doesn’t need another doping scandal. But now: the stage. For all those who thought the mountains were behind them ... well, have a look at his profile.” She points at the projection.
Sherlock rubs his face against John’s chest, feeling the soft hairs and inhaling the strong scent of sweat and sex. “Well, I don’t have much to go on, but given your age when you served at the front, and the general air of impending doom there, I would venture an informed guess that you lost your virginity to a French woman, probably a prostitute, shortly after you kissed your friend James on the beach. You weren’t sure if you were going to survive and return to your betrothed, and moreover felt the need to prove, if only to yourself, that you weren’t queer, and that the attraction you felt for your friend was an aberration, a one time thing. Perhaps your comrades coaxed you into spending a night with a woman, but I would hazard a guess that you wanted to, despite your promise to Mary, because you weren’t sure you’d ever see again and didn’t want to die a virgin.”
He steals a furtive glance at John and feels a stab in his chest. Surely, now that the doctor isn’t bothered by his limp any longer he’s going to dance. Sherlock doesn’t consider him to be much at home with fast swing and jive, but John looks like he can pull off a decent foxtrot, even a tango or waltz. John with his easy charm and rugged good looks, not to mention the added bonus of his title and his naval background would generally be considered a good catch, and John doesn’t seem above flirting a bit and seems to be actively enjoying the company of women who adore him in turn. And good for him. Why shouldn’t he enjoy himself when he goes out? He’s certainly seen enough pain and darkness and heartbreak in his life and still manages to keep his spirits up.
Sherlock smirks, looking wonderfully dishevelled and more than a little aroused. It suits him, decides John, his heart overflowing with affection for this impossible man. “Oh no, the kissing was a purely selfish act.”
John laughs. Sherlock studies his face. Some awkwardness from their encounter in the kitchen remains written on his features. John’s eyes and nose still bear traces of crying, and he looks exhausted. He’s had a bit of a think, too, and is still frowning slightly. But he looks much better. If any crippling self-doubt is lingering, he has locked it away again.
Sherlock nodded. Finally the dog let off of him, having found a new victim in John which it approached barking gleefully, yapping at his legs.
“Yeah, if you could raise them by about two centimetres, that’d be great. I’ll just try out the new position during our test ride later, and if it doesn’t feel right, we’ll put it back.”
“Not for long,” Sherlock returned with a trace of indignation. “They threw me out shortly after our first concert. Or rather, they suggested kindly that I should stick to single tutoring. It had been an ill-fated venture anyway, right from the beginning. Not because of the music. I really enjoyed the pieces we played, which you can use to explain the unveiled display of nostalgia you’ve just witnessed in your cold-hearted friend.”
John frowned. “Why would she warn you, though?” He glanced at Sherlock. “I thought you were … – how did you put it? Even?”
Sherlock let out a shuddering breath. “I don’t know. I’d have tried to talk to you again. Tried to convince you that there’d been no other way than to do what I did.”
A shadow of distress passed over Sherlock’s features, almost immediately hidden under a mask of cold indifference. Not good. John changed tack and decided to try some humour to break the ice. “Did you bring any Toblerones?”
“No. But Daniel’s company does a lot of trading with customers in Europe. Unless he’s more stupid or brainwashed by propaganda than even I believe, he would have voted ‘in’. Oh, turn left here. We’re almost there.”
Sherlock nods and smiles, sinking onto the rim of the bathtub with a sigh. He looks up to find John gazing at him with a strange expression. The doctor shakes his head as he studies Sherlock’s dishevelled state.
“I know, you berk. I don’t know much about classical music. Guess you’re more of an expert, so just play what you think is appropriate. I won’t complain. Oh, and could you turn down the air-con a little, please. It’s a bit fresh like this, with only my pants and t-shirt on, and I’d rather not cover my legs with the duvet.
He hears a faint whisper in the grass followed by a soft purr. He sighs. “Hello, Hattie,” he mutters as the cat leaps up onto the bench and rubs her head against his arm. He knows that if he chases her away she will return and weave around his legs making noises until he picks her up, so he reaches out and settles her on his lap, stroking her head. It feels strangely comforting.
“Sweet dreams, love,” he whispers. After a brief internal debate, he very carefully leans in and brushes his nose into Sherlock’s curls, breathing in and out a few times. The other sighs again but doesn’t show any signs of waking. Lying back again, John gazes at the ceiling, relishing the extraordinary circumstances. Things could potentially become awkward later when Sherlock truly wakes and takes stock of their positions. John is quite sure he didn’t intend to get that physical. But bloody hell, even though his conscience warns him that he shouldn’t be enjoying it as much as he does with Sherlock obviously not fully conscious, John can’t help himself. He’s never been one for cuddling – or so he thought. All of his previous partners didn’t really go in for it, which was fine. But this, having Sherlock this close ... it’s really, really nice. More than nice, actually. He could get used to it.
Sherlock chuckles again. “Not today, I’m afraid.” He kisses the side of John’s throat again, even licks and nibbles the skin a little there. It’s heavenly. “Is this all right?” he purrs as his hand begins to stroke. “I only have myself for reference and have to extrapolate from there what you might like.”
“Yes, it is,” replies Sherlock. “And here is our turn. But don’t cycle down the track yet. I’d like to look for footprints and other traces first.”
“Don’t forget the cyanide capsule,” Sherlock reminds him. “They are difficult to get. She must have obtained it a while ago, perhaps during her last stay in London, unless somebody else provided it. Why? Did she plan her suicide after all, or at least wanted to be prepared for all eventualities? Did she perhaps feel guilty about something, feared persecution for treason and the rope, or a firing squad?”
“Hope that’s all right. I felt I needed some coffee, too, to keep me awake,” he states, taking a sip of his own cup.
“John ...,” he croaks, then swallows. The view of his plate has become blurred. He runs a hand over his eyes and notices to his surprise that they’re moist. He sniffs, laughs roughly, sniffs again.
“I was in a bit of a hurry because looking for Jenny and waiting for Mrs. Suffield to pack her food and all that had taken time, so I decided not to take the main road but the way past the old quarry. It’s shorter, but there are a lot of potholes on the path and it’s rather overgrown, and there’s a bit of a climb back to the road. I usually prefer to cycle on the road, especially after it’s rained. But since it didn’t rain yesterday, I thought I should give it a try so as not to be late at work.”
“And?” John keeps on digging. “You’ve been tired before. This is the Tour de France, so one tends to be bloody exhausted every day. This was something else. You looked ... worried. Is it about tomorrow?”
The copse is bordered by a hedge of hazels, sloe, hawthorn and dogroses like a bristly wall. Beyond lie meadows and fields. The latter look as if they have been ploughed only recently, clumps of grass still visible in the furrows, the clayey soil dotted with small rocks and pebbles. Sherlock recalls Mrs. Turner telling him about the new regulations her dairy farmer friend complained about. To feed the nation and make it as independent as possible from food imports from overseas, the Ministry of Food has decreed that land that was formerly used for grazing or hay-making must now be made arable to bear crops of wheat and rye, potatoes and turnips and sugar-beet. ‘Dig for Victory’, Mrs. Turner said they call it, and promptly turned her beloved rose garden into a vegetable patch.
Pleased by the flicker of recognition at the mention of Jenny’s name and the expression of shocked surprise on the other’s face, Sherlock presses on. “Tell me, when did you last see Jennifer Wilson?”
“I hope so. But only time will tell. I’ll probably be begging Greg and the others to take me on again next season, even if it’s just as a driver or minor mechanic or the guy who washes the cycling kits each night.”
“Who are you?” Moran asks sharply, eschewing any formal greeting. Next to Sherlock, John bristles visibly.
Sherlock thinks for a moment. “It’s very intimate. I thought I’d mind the taste more but it’s all right. Not sure if I could stand the feel of ejaculate in my mouth or throat. I tend to gag quite easily, and actually suffered greatly when due to pneumonia, I was coughing up phlegm all the time, could feel it sitting in the back of my throat and couldn’t easily get rid of it. I’d be happy to experiment some more, but since the textures of ejaculate and phlegm are similar, preferably without having to swallow any of your ... stuff.”
The two friends exchanged surprised glances. “Maybe we should concentrate on the road and on cycling for now,” Sherlock suggested.
Victor nods. He, too, looks uncomfortable and a little guilty, and relieved about the change of subject. One of Sherlock’s eyebrows twitches up expectantly. “Yes, you mentioned it in your texts,” he says, gazing at Victor. “Well? What is it?”
“If it’s running, we could, although I’d prefer alternative transportation,” replies Sherlock. “There may be buses as well. Before the war and the petrol shortages, I would have taken a taxi.”
Sherlock becomes aware that he is hyperventilating. Something cold and hard has settled in his chest and is squeezing it with icy fingers. The trees have been here for hundreds of years, and now they’re gone forever. Tears begin to prick at the corners of his eyes as he begins to scramble up the dyke for a better view. He notices that the tractor tracks were apparently caused by people beginning to cut up the fallen trees and drag them away. Some of the trunks show traces of chainsaws.
Back at the hotel, after showers, massages and dinner during which John has little chance to talk to Sherlock and gauge his state of mind about the day’s events, Greg and the other coaches present the strategy for the days to come. During the meeting, Sherlock seems absent-minded. He is sitting in the back, his phone in his hands, gazing at the projection of tomorrow’s route without actually paying attention. John wonders what he’s thinking about, but as usual, he can only guess.
“You are clearly not ‘fine’, John,” comes the stern reply. “You haven’t been ‘fine’ all day. You need a doctor.”
The question startles Sherlock. He considers it before he replies, feeling round the words cautiously. “Individually, we aren’t.”
“Yeah, you could be all that. Liar, arsehole, doper, junkie, sexual predator. But I know you aren’t.”
. So apparently kissing is going to be a thing between them now. Good. The bed sharing, too? To his surprise, he feels he wouldn’t mind. He does require time on his own now and again for some general house-keeping in his mind palace, and to unwind when the constant influx of data just gets too much, but even with John sharing his bedroom from now on (or Sherlock his), they have more than one room in their flat and ample space for Sherlock to withdraw. John has turned out to be a relatively uncomplicated bed partner.
Sherlock shrugs, opening both eyes and shifting his head to gaze up at John. “Well, you were taking rather long in the kitchen, too long to simply do what you’d set out to do and fetch a cup. I didn’t hear you do anything for a while except breathing rather harshly, indicating some kind of existential crisis. Since the tried method for British people to deal with those is the making of tea (instead of, say, talking about one’s feelings and thus confront them head-on), I thought I’d provide an outlet for your anxiety and demand said beverage.”
“That’s wise. I think I got them from a client a while ago, as a thank you for retrieving their stolen jewels.”
Again, Mr. Holmes was unimpressed by his outburst. John had no doubts why the situation between them had developed the way it had, with two battlefronts as hardened as they were. Either party considered himself wronged and obviously refused to take the other side into account, likely because they didn’t really know what their respective thoughts and feelings on the subject were. And both were stubborn idiots, by the looks of it. Apparently that feature was hereditary.
The song of a nightingale and the rush of traffic on the nearby A24 accompanies Sherlock and John as they walk alongside the road leading out of the village towards the bypass. The moon is almost full. It illuminates the tarmac with a silvery light. The hedges and ivy-covered trees to both sides loom dark and forbidding. When they have left the last cluster of houses of Washington behind on their right, Sherlock signs for John to follow him across the road. They have reached a patch of forest climbing a steep bank. The air smells of thuja, as several of these overshadow the road. To the left, a flinty path broad enough for a car branches off to climb the slope. It runs parallel to the road at first, before turning left to wind further up the hill.
Slowly, John moved into a sitting position, to massive complaints from his shoulder, hip and ribs, and, interestingly, his inner thighs. He stretched to reach the desk lamp and switched it on. When his eyes had adjusted to the sudden brightness, he pulled down the collar of his t-shirt to survey the state of his shoulder. Sherlock’s fingers had worsened the bruising, leaving defined marks. John reached up to massage the injury gently with his right hand, hissing with pain. After several minutes of careful ministrations, the stabbing ache had lessened somewhat. Nevertheless the injury felt much worse than before, although John didn’t blame Sherlock for what he had done witlessly.
When John’s thoughts turned to how Sherlock usually worked his charms on suspects and witnesses, aided by his striking looks, he immediately was reminded of this morning’s conversation. He still felt touched and indeed honoured by his friend’s rare and almost unprecedented willingness to reveal a glimpse of not only his time abroad, but of his emotional distress about the episode. His almost unguarded, genuine display of vulnerability had been a surprise. He had even gone as far as admitting he had made mistakes, had failed in his plans, had overestimated his own resources and capabilities. His usual detachment had been compromised by sentiment. John knew Sherlock could be ruthless: efficient, cold-blooded and -hearted, even cruel. There was a dark side to his friend he rarely let show, much darker than his general prickliness, his aloofness bordering on arrogance, his constant smart-arsery. Right underneath the surface, something black and dangerous loomed, constantly kept in check lest it overwhelm him. Hints at what Sherlock had been up to while hunting down Moriarty’s network made John wonder how much of this dark creature had been unleashed. Was it under control again now? It seemed certain that Sherlock had not enjoyed what he had done, or been forced to do. Things he couldn’t delete, he had said. But did he regret them when ultimately they had contributed to his return? Did he feel remorse? A part of John didn’t want to know any more about what Sherlock had been up to, whereas another part couldn’t get enough of the details, hoping they would help constructing an understanding of the enigma that was his friend. After all, John, too, was dangerous, and there were a number of things visiting him in his nightmares he wished he could delete to ease his conscience.
John laughs. “My ‘endearing idealism’? Who out of the two of us is the idealistic one, eh? The short-tempered, needlessly violent, PTSD suffering adrenaline addict, or the genius who instead of embarking on a glittering career like his Harrow or Cambridge peers chose to be a consulting detective and help people with their problems, often without receiving or accepting anything from them in return?”
John looks at him gravely. “So without something to occupy your mind, it turns on itself, tearing itself apart?”
“Behave,” he hisses, before his face splits into a broad grin. This is unusual, particularly after hard day such as the previous one. In recent years, the older he got, the less he had to worry about morning wood, despite sharing a room with a man he fancied to some degree. Exhaustion played a big part. Right now, he isn’t massively aroused. No need to abscond to the ensuite for a quick wank in the shower. But there is a tingle, a faint buzz of arousal. A small voice in his head tries to convince him that he should be shocked and even appalled at himself, getting a stiffy because of some mild flirting with his male roommate. However, the voice is drowned out by the clamour of others who encourage him, who tell him to take Sherlock’s words to heart, to stop beating himself up over who he is attracted to. It’s also nice to see that obviously, his body isn’t as fatigued as he thought the previous day. If it can engineer the stirrings of an erection, it can damn well ride a bike today.
Sherlock watches him for a moment, thrilled by how content he looks, then moves over to the bar to get another ale and an apple-juice for himself. The landlord is involved in a lively conversation with two men of about his age, both local farmers judging from their build, the state of their hands and their accents. Sherlock stays to listen for a bit. Apparently, both are now accommodating women from the city, either employed as Land Girls to help with the harvest, Wrens, army personnel or girls working at the listening station.
Sherlock reaches out to him. “No. You didn’t do anything wrong. It’s just ...,” he points at the mole on his throat, feeling embarrassed and believing that he overreacted. John’s eyes widen but then he nods.
John snorted out a laugh. “May I remind you who, to this day, has left the most comments on my blog and has read – and criticised – all my entries?”
Sherlock straightens and turns to him, aware of the fact that he is only wearing a thin cotton vest and drawers. Suddenly, he feels rather naked, despite knowing that John must have seen countless people in states of greater undress, both in medical situations and … others.
Sherlock shrugs and continues to strip away the sheets around him. The cool draught of air touching his bare legs is welcome. “Not particularly.”
“No.” A large hand is placed on each of John’s shoulders, pinning his back against the tiles and forcing him to look into Sherlock’s storm-grey eyes. “No, John Watson, I will not ‘piss off’. I will stay right here until you get a grip, let Sarah see you, eat, sleep, and decide to ride again tomorrow, and the day after, and the day after, and every day until we reach Paris. Oh, and do take that shower, please, because you reek of sweat.”
John laughs softly. “No. Paramours, really? With most, I did remain on speaking terms, but since what we’d had had been casual anyway, there wasn’t a lot of reason to stay in closer contact.”
Sherlock lets out a long breath. “No.” He looks at John, his eyes glinting in the dark. “The usual problem. My brain won’t switch off. Add to this the dilemma of knowing that we’re going to have an early start tomorrow and that I’d need as much sleep as I could possibly get to achieve what I want. Every minute that ticks by decreases this important rest. I’m sorry for keeping you awake as well.”
Lifting her eyes to Sherlock’s again, they have returned to their habitual sharpness. “You can’t seriously believe that she killed herself because she was troubled about being in a relationship with another woman,” she states accusingly. “Jenny wasn’t like that. She wasn’t bothered by it, I can assure you. She would have gone public, even, to deter some male suitors that were getting on her nerves, like Sebastian Moran. It was I who cautioned against it.”
film. The loop stopped when the man had managed to improve the lives of others over time, and when he stopped being a selfish arsehole.”
Something clicks in his brain, something that has been hovering on the edge of his thoughts for some time, always too elusive to grasp. Lipstick ...
Sherlock nods thoughtfully. “Put him under special guard, and consult a doctor if you have to. There is a danger that those in league with Moran will want to shut him up permanently, before his case ever goes to court or attracts more public interest.”
There was something in the way Holmes watched his race ... Perhaps John is imagining things. But he’s seen personal vendettas in his time, and this definitely looked like one. He wishes he’d done a bit of research about Sherlock’s past last night. Then again, it would have felt like snooping, with the man sitting on the other bed.
He sniffs. In his arms, John shifts and turns his head to brush his lips against the skin of his neck. A jolt like electricity runs through Sherlock and he trembles.
“I would gladly enlighten you about the deductive reasoning behind my statement, Miss Donovan, but I think we should concentrate on the matter at hand. You, and you, Mr. Suffield, were at work last night. What time did you leave, and how did you travel to Bletchley?”
His favourite book is there as well, partly hidden between two large almanacs about South America: a book about Dutch and Flemish Old Masters from the early Renaissance. He doubts Vanessa knows about its presence in her daughter’s room. Sherlock remembers sitting in the cupboard under the stairs looking at the large colour plates in the light of the small, naked light-bulb hanging from the ceiling. There was lots of blood, and people being beheaded or otherwise killed. Some were eaten by monsters and devils, too. There were strange, surreal creatures in the paintings of Hieronymus Bosch, but also scenes by Bruegel depicting rural life and brimming with minute detail that occupied Sherlock for hours.
Sherlock inclines his head. “Not without reason, I presume. Investigate them further, try to find proof to confirm your suspicions. We’ll look into Riley and Moriarty.”
Vanessa nods, her expression thoughtful. “I see.” She draws a deep breath, takes a sip of her tea, then fusses with her hair again – a clear sign of nerves that betrays how worried she really is, despite her outwardly cool and composed appearance.
Sherlock shakes his head slowly. “I’m not an expert on wildlife, but no, it isn’t. They were crazed with fear, as if someone or something was chasing them.”
She snorts, leaning closer to him. “I’m not superstitious like my dad and many people round here,” she hisses. “He believes the Wild Hunt or something is on to him, conjured up by some of the alternative loonies in town. I wouldn’t put it beyond them to wish us ill, and to even do something about it. What happened with my horses and our car and our friends’ mansion was certainly their doing. But there are no ghosts or haunted horsemen involved here. Charlie’d tell you the same.”
“Well, as Katie said, killing off a stud’s only stallion and their best mare would damage the owners, despite successful insurance claims. Perhaps it’s a professional competitor, perhaps it’s some kind of personal vendetta. You know the owners well, I take it?” Sherlock asked Katie.
“Enlighten me.” Even though he makes his voice sound a little gruff, as always, Sherlock is secretly enjoying their banter.
“They’re rare, and they’re interesting. But there aren’t any here. Still, this place has other assets, and one is indeed a remainder of my interests as a child.” He stretched out a hand and pointed to a thick pillow of peat moss. John leaned in for a closer look, catching a sparkle of sunlight from tiny drops of moisture upheld by slender stalks of red.
His musings are interrupted by his mobile vibrating in the back pocket of his jeans to announce an incoming text message. Just as he reaches for the phone, footsteps at the other end of the wall make him look up. A tall, slender figure dressed in casual beige trousers, trainers, and a light blue shirt with rolled-up sleeves has stepped out from behind the mill building and is standing surveying the river. For a second, John thinks Sherlock might have arrived. The figure has curly hair as well, albeit lighter in colour and shorter, and is wearing sunglasses. But then John recognises the other, just as the man spots John and freezes in surprise. It’s Victor Trevor.
Kate shakes her head, grinning. “You cyclists are such delicate creatures. Speaking of which ...” She gives Molly a meaningful glance. Molly bites her lip, before signing to John to come down.
John sighed, and leaning down again to grope some more under the bed, he found the roll of toilet paper, which he tossed at Sherlock. “Yes, Sherlock, that’s sentiment. Here, wipe yourself off before you get even more sticky.”
“Do come in, Dr. Watson,” she greets him. “I’m Martha Hudson, the landlady. Sherlock is upstairs. Did you get here all right?”
“Good,” says John. He cocks his head as he watches Sherlock. “You really imagined scenarios where we ended up kissing?”
“We may have to nick it from Turing. I know he brought some in earlier and hid it in his desk. He’s still out running, so now’s our chance.”
He shrugs and lets out a long breath as if a weight has lifted from his shoulders. Sherlock assumes it’s because he has finally mustered the courage to tell somebody what seems to have been weighing on his heart (and conscience) for a long time.
“What gave me away?” Carl enquired of Sherlock, his voice weary and dejected, but strangely relieved sounding, as if he was almost grateful that things were coming to an end now. Perhaps, John reasoned, his financial troubles were of the kind where he incurred the ill will of criminals against whom one feels safer in police custody. Or maybe he was simply exhausted of foul play. He didn’t look like a shrewd, heartless villain, but rather like a desperate man near the end of his tether.
John gave her a smile and turned to the source of the baritone. As was his uncanny wont, Sherlock had materialised in the midst of the corridor and was striding towards him pocketing his mobile, his coat and scarf over one arm. John noticed he was wearing a white shirt today and that it was indeed rather tight. Given that evidence, he really couldn’t find it in him to blame Molly for taking an extra look.
“You are right. We did argue. One point of contention was the degree of secrecy of our relationship. As I said, she wanted to conduct it more publicly. She was also jealous about my continuing association with Moran. She wanted me to break ties with him. I had already planned to do so, but told her I couldn’t just break it off with him because of his temper. She told me that she had just done it without suffering any ill consequences.” Sighing, she turns to Sherlock again.
“Possibly. We’re so closely linked now that apparently, we’re regarded as an entity by whatever causes these switches. I’d prefer to not experience another reset any time soon, though.”
Sherlock is still more than mildly surprised that he endures John’s fussing, a trait he normally only tolerates in Mrs. Hudson and her sister, and even in them only to a certain extend. No, to his astonishment he realises he actually appreciates John’s care, particularly because John is both genuine and humorous about it. Never before has someone tried to joke with Sherlock. What humour was formerly aimed at him wasn’t funny at all, at least not in his opinion. It was expressed in hurtful jests and taunts, in jeers and pranks that were geared towards embarrassing and publicly humiliating him, going as far as incorporating ‘practical jokes’ that hurt him physically. People rarely laughed with him, they laughed about him, and not because he had done anything witty, funny or clever, but because he had been tricked into what in their twisted minds they construed as humour or worse, entertainment. He had loathed and feared them for it, particularly back at school where there had been no escape from their malice with even the prefects joining in, and the head of house turning a blind eye on their cruelty. Eventually, Sherlock had learned to harden himself against the rough treatment by his peers until he was able to stoically endure their brand of merriment and avoid falling prey to their more cruel ‘jokes’. By that time he had also found ways of subtly but effectively retaliating, mostly by using his wits instead of his fists. It had made life at school more tolerable, yet it had also isolated him from the other boys to the point of being labelled ‘The Freak’ and shunned.
Sherlock grins up at him, pleased by the realisation that John is in this wrecked state because of him. He adjusts his grip on John’s erection, takes a deep breath to steady his own wild nerves, and leaning forward, touches the tip of his tongue to the leaking head, cataloguing taste, texture, temperature all at once, while John jerks again and curses under his breath. One of his hands finds its way into Sherlock’s curls and he holds on, not pulling but guiding gently instead.
He points towards another copse that borders the quarry on this side. Behind the ruins the path broadens into what must once have been the main road leading into the pit. Trees, bushes and tall plants have begun to encroach upon it, yet the deep tracks made by heavy carts are still visible, as is the gravel consisting of broken bricks and roof tiles used to fill in potholes long ago. The two men mount their bikes again, and navigating carefully round the new puddles on the road, they leave the quarry behind.
article and its follow-ups. But it was deliberately left out. Of course, one doesn’t have to be very imaginative to understand that he was the teammate I had an amorous relationship – if one wants to actually call it that – and subsequent falling out with.”
John carefully dabs at his new abrasions which have been cleaned and bandaged by Sarah behind the finish. “I’m okay. Just a little more of my skin left on France’s roads. You know, by now the whole country has absorbed enough of my DNA that it’s almost like another limb.”
me back, and have missed me as desperately as I missed you. But we have time to take things slowly, get to know the other again – unless bloody Jerry decides to drop a rocket on this house tonight.”
“I don’t know what’s come over him today,” said John with a faint smile. “Normally, he won’t settle for anything less than ‘brilliant’ or ‘amazing’.”
After the first intermediate sprint, the peloton heads north-westwards. This means headwind and more work. Although the breakaway is kept on a long leash with the peloton allowing them to build up a lead of almost six minutes, Team Speedy’s is still expected to control speed in the main group and not let the riders in front escape too far, because otherwise Sherlock’s yellow jersey will be gone by the end of the stage. Nevertheless, all in all, the average speed of today’s stage is fairly leisurely. John is glad. It gives them the chance to recover a little from yesterday’s hard ride, and also to conserve energy for the next stage. That one is going to be a real monster because it’s both the longest stage in this year’s Tour, and also contains several of the dreaded
Drawn out of his reverie, Sherlock nods. “If I can get leave from work, we’ll investigate the missing messages.”
Sherlock turns to him. John licks his lips self-consciously. “What is it?” asks Sherlock, suddenly excited.
“Sorry. I think I’ll switch off my brain and the rest of my consciousness now and go to sleep. Feel free to keep doing that.”
“I’m only doing my duty, sir, like everybody else round here,” Sherlock replies with a modesty that surprises him as well.
She lies supine, her head slightly bent to the left. Sherlock can’t feel any broken bones on her until he reaches her head. Blood is crusted in her hair and has run down the side of her face and into the collar of her blouse. There is a little on the floor as well, also dry but for the general slight dampness of their prison. Sherlock can’t be certain, but there appears to be a fracture to her skull. Whoever hit her, did so with excessive force. Harder, perhaps, than they intended. Was she killed accidentally, or in affect deliberately? When, where, and why? From what he can feel of the direction the blood flowed from the wound she wasn’t knocked out here, but brought here when she was already dead or dying. Blood has run over her face, too, as if her head lolled forward onto her chest when the wound was still fresh. That position could indicate that she was carried by two people, one grabbing her under her arms and one her legs. Had she still been alive, her attackers would have restrained her the way they tied up Sherlock.
“Because I was bored.” There is some finality to his words. John senses that Sherlock doesn’t want to talk about this aspect of his past. Despite his burning curiosity, John resists prying further.
Right now, John was tempted to check his phone for a text from his friend although he knew there wasn’t going to be one. He felt ... deserted, which was unreasonable. Sherlock had not wanted to go, and it was not that he had vanished into thin air of a sudden. He had informed John about the journey beforehand. John even knew his flight times and numbers. He did not know about the reason for the trip. Family matters could mean anything, and Sherlock had been very close about his whereabout apart from it being somewhere in Switzerland, his flight destination being Zürich.
Their lips meet, and like earlier in the kitchen before Lestrade interrupted them, they start out gingerly, almost tentatively, each familiarising himself with the touch and taste of the other again. At some point, John’s hand brushes over Sherlock’s throat and cheek and ear until it comes to rest in his nape, cradling his head and playing with the short curls there. Sherlock’s hands wander to John’s sides as if to hold him in place. When John’s tongue touches his lower lip, begging entrance which is presently, happily granted, Sherlock smiles into the kiss. Emboldened, convinced that John does indeed have other plans than just sharing a bed for sleeping this night – plans Sherlock very much approves of, despite his lingering anxiety – his hands creep under the hem of John’s pyjama shirt, making him squirm when the fingers touch the warm skin there. There are new scars from the shrapnel John mentioned. The skin seems more sensitive than Sherlock remembers. He proceeds carefully, not sure whether John minds being touched there.
“How do I know you know this directly from Sherlock?” John shot back. “You could have spies, or… I don’t know, somehow intercepted some correspondence Sherlock sent to the
Sherlock handed it over. “I doubt you’ll find anything using it. I suspect he’s using a burner phone so we can’t trace it.”
by choice. So when I left you in Portugal, I thought you would return to your senses. Decide that you didn't want to lead a... pirate's life.”
John at last staggered out of reach of the two young pirates’ weapons, and he blinked in a futile, frustrating effort to get the fog out of his eyes. As he straightened himself, he managed to look up across the deck. Immediately, something drew his gaze.
Mycroft was his usual self, though the devotion to Rosie was unexpected. Sherlock had wept — in secret, alone in the bedroom with John, of course — when Mycroft had handed him not only the adoption papers but a fund for her to go to university. Having a man in government in the family was useful.
The man had retired then, but John felt an overwhelming sense of need to see Winter and make sure she was alright before he too bedded down. It had been such a short time since the horrible duel, but he already missed her humming.
Sherlock contemplates him for several lengthy moments, emotions swirling through his mind palace. John’s skin is warm and soft under his fingertips. The writer releases Sherlock’s face, shifting back again as if to give Sherlock some space, some freedom of movement if he wants to retreat. And now, Sherlock knows that John will let him retreat.
Sherlock woke feeling sluggish and disoriented. Several long, fuzzy moments passed before the memories of the previous day returned to him, flashing bright against his eyelids like the ghostly after-images of blinking light bulbs.
He looked up and waved in greeting. Molly Hooper had just entered the classroom, her flowery messenger bag swinging off her shoulder and a small smile on her face.
Sherlock shrugged, trying not to betray the fear that shot through him in response to the words. “I guess you can find that out by contacting his parole officer, right?”
He pulled his own sword out of its sheath and smirked. “Are you sure you want to do this, James Sholto?” he asked. “After all, isn’t it nine to four this week alone?”
As John slid his hands underneath Sherlock in an attempt to pull him flush against him, however, a twinge of white-hot pain jolted up his arm. He gasped and jerked back, clutching at his shoulder. Sherlock stiffened.
Sherlock nods. He can see, now that the unsettling feeling Moriarty brought with him has faded, where John’s signing will be. The booth features a sign like Moriarty’s, but this time with John’s author photo and the cover of
“You ought to have. You have earned it.” Mycroft regarded him with those calm, calculating eyes, so like his brother’s had been. “I hope you will have a safe journey.”
She raises her eyebrows, a smile on her face. “You mean, Sherlock’s favourite books ever? Yeah, you could say he’s mentioned them,” she smirks at Sherlock, who’s pinching the bridge of his nose and not looking at anyone. When Molly looks back at John, though, recognition is dawning in her bright eyes. “Wait. John… do you mean to say you’re John
John grins at him and gestures to the store at large. “Go on, I can see you're aching to explore. I don't mind. Just come find me in a bit.”
The flat is rather eclectic — to be expected, he supposes. There are several surprisingly cosy rugs, an assortment of mismatching furniture, a pair of cluttered bookshelves framing a fireplace, and various scientific instruments scattered on nearly every surface. On the mantel rests a human skull, which John suspects is real.
But perhaps that wasn’t possible anymore. Perhaps Sherlock’s own foolishness and stubbornness had ruined this forever.
“Don’t sell yourself short,” Sherlock says automatically. He finds it difficult to concentrate on the conversation, however, as he nears John’s table.
And John’s heart fluttered as he reached out, took the ring from Sherlock’s hand, and held it out between them.
“Oi, watch it!” John barks back to the offending pedestrian, an older man so absorbed in his phone call he doesn't even react. Rolling his eyes, John turns back to Sherlock. “You okay?”
Did it really make sense? Holmes was so strict, taciturn, and arrogant. The general consensus was that his classes were intense, but often not worth it. Many people hated him.
“Short of swabbing it for DNA, no,” Molly sighed. “And I had to pretend I didn't even see it. He leaned over to check my work on the assay and his shirt collar shifted. Oh, and he had it buttoned one more than usual.”
“I’ve got a present for you,” John says, then groans as he tilts his head back to grant Sherlock better access to his throat.
Sherlock ducked his head, perhaps to hide the almost shy smile that appeared on his face then in response to the endearment. “John,” he murmured, shifting closer. John pulled him in, kissing his cheek. “Thank you. For helping.”
, John Watson, published author, a man Sherlock has for so long only known by his name on a printed page and yet a man who somehow managed to be better in real life.
“How dare he come here to meddle,” Sherlock continues. “And what was that about you knowing what you’re getting into? As if
Sherlock shivered as the memory of the man’s words echoed in his mind. It was a threat; he just knew it was. A vague threat, to be sure, but full of malicious intent nonetheless. Yet just eighteen months ago, when John had told him about Sebastian’s prison sentence, Sherlock had thought it was over. He’d thought it was in the past, that he and John would be fine, that he wouldn’t ever have to think about it again.
John nods. “Me too. But I’d made my choice, and I don’t regret it. So I worked my way through uni. Started the book that ended up being
Greg laughed. “Chemistry professor by day, jewel thief by night. Maybe he’s some sort of Robin Hood! Well, the kind you never hear of. He must be good at it.”
The sociopath part of him was crying out for him to stop all this, but for once, Sherlock did not listen to it.
And he was gone, down the stairs before Sherlock could move. By the time he mustered the energy to follow after him, though, he heard the front door shut.
meet John’s. “You too, John,” he says, in a strange tone. He sounds a bit shy, a bit uncertain, a bit… disappointed? Or is John just hearing what he wants to hear?
And God, John delighted in this. Sherlock kissed with the single-minded focus with which he approached everything. But to have such attentions fixed solely on John, on giving John pleasure, was intoxicating. Sherlock may be somewhat new at this, but he had proved himself over the course of the previous night to be a swift and thorough learner.
“Oh, Sherlock, come now.” He began to move, and Sherlock moved in response, until he found himself pinned against the wall. “Are you actually surprised? You, the great Sherlock Holmes, who can see so much about people? Who can see all their little secrets?”
Sherlock looked up at him, a slight crease between his brows. John resisted the urge to kiss it. “But I thought… Sholto…?”
She was forced to focus, however, when Holmes launched into a snappish lecture, gesticulating and waving. The students buckled down and suffered through it, working through the lab with heads bent in attempts to hide from Holmes’ apparent foul mood.
He doesn’t even make it half a block away before he hears John calling out behind him. “Sherlock! Wait a second!”
“The only threat her actions pose to the regard you have of yourself as a man,” Sherlock sneered. “Are those you invent yourself. She is not holding anyone back. No one's successes preclude anyone else's ability to succeed on board my ship. Your inability to distinguish yourself is your own fault.”
And the way John’s grip on him tightens, the way he kisses him harder, tells Sherlock that perhaps this new sentiment isn’t harmful. Not if John is with him, showing him the way.
“I must say, dear,” Mrs. Hudson adds in a softer voice. The water has shut off in the shower, and John expects Sherlock any minute. So he leans closer to her, sensing whatever she wants to say is not, perhaps, something Sherlock would want her to tell him. “I don’t know him to have ever had a relationship, and I’ve known him nearly four years. He wouldn’t ever say so, but he can get a bit lonely. He thinks he’s a bit of an odd duck, I fancy, and those scoundrels at his school certainly don’t help matters.” She frowns.
When Sherlock grew near enough to do so, he spun about the mast and dropped next to her in a single graceful motion. Irene’s dark hair, wore long and loose, hung in her face, so Sherlock tucked a lock behind her ear so he could see her. “Irene.”
John tensed. That voice was one he knew; the man who spoke was the man who had ordered him to be taken below-decks. Likely the captain.
His swing reached its height, held him suspended for an instant, then began its reverse arc. John gritted his teeth as the gangplank approached again, and then, at a moment he hoped was the right one, let go of the rope.
“Yes, I wanted to pick this up for you. Of course, I guess that's pointless now.” She hesitates to put the book back on the display, though, glancing at something behind Sherlock. Or someone.
“I forgot until, like, right now,” she said, holding her hands up defensively. Then, she glanced around as if to make sure no one was listening.
Now, John wonders about it. Was he doing something wrong, somehow, asking Sherlock questions like that?
He loses himself for a while in the science section, where there are several intriguing chemistry volumes, and a biography of Humphry Davy. He finds an empty chair nearby and settles in, reading quite contentedly for some time.
"I know I did too," Sherlock smirked. He wrapped his long fingers around John's calf and squeezed lightly. He yawned. "Doesn't mean this wasn't a stressful week. I had four thousand words to write in total for my essays, three exams to study for, a case to solve, and to top it all off, I barely saw
Sherlock frowned. Clearly, the idea would have to be reinforced — the idea that Sherlock was all John wanted and needed. Well, that task would be a pleasure.
He backed out of the room, shoulder bumping the doorframe as he retreated. Molly watched, amazed. She had never seen Holmes move so gracelessly, so unsure of himself.
But John was staring at Sherlock again, lost in thought. He had heard of people, when they had not eaten sufficient amounts, swooning in this manner. But why would Sherlock starve himself in such a way? When John had known him, Sherlock had not eaten
He was tall, with ginger-brown hair and a sharp nose. In his hands he clutched an umbrella, whigh he leaned against in a leisurely manner, as if surprising Navy men in dark alleys were a pastime of his.
He would not let any more blood spill if he could prevent it, he vowed. Again, he glanced up at Sherlock, so tall and beautiful standing there. No, Sherlock would not be harmed if he could help it. Nor would any of the men and women on the
“Oh, come on!” Sebastian protested. He still had not moved from the center of the circle. “Rematch!”
“I’m not well-liked, John,” he says at last. “Most people find me irritating or unpleasant or downright horrible. And… I do not do much to change those opinions. I know I am difficult…”
Regardless of his alliances, he had failed his crew. He had been their leader, and thus was responsible for their welfare. Yes, the
By the time they reach the front of the queue, the deep blue evening sky has taken on a rather ominous darker tint. Then, by the time they have ordered, Sherlock has paid, and the food is placed into their hands, the sky has gone black and a deep rumble rends the air.
“Oh, John,” he says, starting to grin, “this is wonderful!” He starts reading the letter over again, aloud now. “‘Dear Mr. Watson, We are pleased to announce that you have been nominated as a finalist for the 30th Annual Ellipsis Literary Award, in the Mystery/Horror category, for your novel
“Go on then.” Sherlock brandishes a small box. His eyes are sparkling, and John bites down on a grin. Perhaps Sherlock has more Christmas spirit than he’s been letting on.
“Mrs. Hudson, what did you do?” he sighs, crossing the room and giving her a one-armed hug, which belies the irritation in his tone.
Sherlock gestured him forward, and John strode down the plank. For the first time in many weeks, he set foot on solid ground. He stopped, spun about, and looked at Sherlock.
And Mycroft was out of the country at the moment on some sort of consultation with an American agency as part of his first job with the British government. Had his brother been here in England, Sherlock felt certain he already would have intercepted the messages and intervened with ferocity. So there was no help from that quarter, not that Sherlock wanted any.
with any clarity, let alone the Dutch ship. He swiped an arm across his face in a futile attempt to improve his sight. “You cannot leave them to die!”
“Sherlock Holmes,” he said, getting right in his face. Expression startled, Sherlock leaned back. “This may be your ship, but Molly and I are trained in medicine. Our educations may be informal and unconventional, at least in my case, but we are the best you have. In medical situations, she and I are in charge. So eat the food. You need the nutrition just as you need the water. No arguments.”
"You know," Sherlock muses. "Before I met you, I didn't expect you to be so much less eloquent in real life."
Sitting up, he found the captain next to him, dripping wet. “You scared the hell out of me,” he hissed. Several other crew members were down here, and he glanced around to see if he had awoken them with his cry. If he had, they gave no indication.
“Oh, call me Margaret, please,” she says when she steps back. “Goodness knows, Sherlock talks about you enough on the phone, we may as well be on a first name basis. This is my husband, William.”
He stood atop a low hill overlooking a shore and the ocean beyond. From this vantage point he could see far away toward the horizon, where the first golden-pink streaks of the sunrise were appearing. Few clouds marred the colorful scene. The waves of the incoming tide swept toward the shore in forlorn, rhythmic crashes.
John frowns. He appears to have twigged to something in Sherlock’s voice, in his words, and Sherlock resists the urge to panic. “What do you mean, someone like you?”
His introspection was interrupted by the sound of the door opening. Sherlock’s silhouette appeared, hesitating as he spotted John in his bed.
“What?” he frowned, then passed the wheel to Winter. After a moment’s hesitation, he waved for John to help her keep it steady.
“Sebastian.” Sherlock spins around on the stool. Sure enough, Sebastian Wilkes is seated at a table against the wall. The bakery is so small, however, that they are really only a few metres apart.
“Listen,” John snapped, frustrated. “I don't care what your expectations of this conversation are. I only care that you have attacked a ship of the British Royal Navy and kidnapped a crew member. You fly no flag of allegiance, which makes you a pirate. Which, in turn, makes you my enemy.”
Sherlock nods. He is still blushing, which John is beginning to suspect might be his near-constant state, at least around John.
“She flirted with him, Molls,” Janine murmured, leaning toward the other girl conspiratorially. “It's her thing. Whenever she needs something from a prof, she goes to their office and chats them up.”
The past twenty-four hours were then filled with messages, which had grown increasingly flirtatious. Then, just before Colin had left for an evening class, he’d sent one last message.
“You are,” John insists. Now, he moves close and takes his hand. “These past months have been amazing. But... I can’t help but notice I hardly know anything about you. I don’t know much more than what I learned the day we met.”
They walked hand-in-hand to the bus, then once they were situated next to one another on an upper deck seat, Sherlock took John's hand again. He saw, to his relief, a small smile on John's face when he did so.
Sherlock Holmes routinely forgot to eat, conducted strange experiments in the cabin he shared with John, and insisted the
Lestrade nodded. "Back to your posts. If we find that you need to know anything about the ship, Lieutenant Watson or I will let you know. Now back to work! Ready us for a storm! You know your jobs!"
“Surely your parents are proud of you?” Sherlock says after a while. “I remember you telling me once that you don’t speak to them much. They don’t approve?”
Sherlock blinks. There is accusation, gentle, but still insistent, in John’s words. “You think I don’t trust you?” he asks.
But the rest of Sebastian’s retort was drowned by a sickening sound and a gasp. The fall of his sword had smashed Winter’s downwards, which set her off balance and caused her to stumble toward him. With her thus vulnerable, Sebastian had brought his sword around again, and stabbed straight into her side.
Sherlock grips him tighter, and John grips back. They sit there locked together for ages, the sounds of car horns and distant sirens and tipsy shouts drifting into the room from the streets below. These nighttime sounds envelop them, and wonder strikes Sherlock.
was cluttered and a bit chaotic, but warm and comfortable as well. Two lanterns waited in opposite corners, and Sherlock moved to them, lighting up the spaces the sunset colors from outside could not reach. A thick Persian rug in dull reds and golds was spread across the floor and a neat bed stood in one corner.
John smiled. The pirate seemed fixated on saying his name, not that John would ever complain about such a thing. Sherlock could probably talk about anything, about tobacco or perfume or dead bodies, and John would still be riveted by that melodic voice.
“So what is it?” John asked old Stamford as he reached the bottom of the hill where the man waited. This town’s harbor was small but significant for the region; they needed the easy access to the shipments of supplies. Stamford and his young son had once lived in London, on the same street John had once taken rooms. Now, they were crossing paths again unexpectedly. Despite his quest for a bit of solitude, John had been glad to see a friendly face in this remote area.
John's watch came too quickly, but he blinked away his drowsiness and made his way up to the deck again without complaint. Sure enough, the mysterious ship still glided along behind them, just within sight thanks to the light of the moon. The winds had increased since last John had been up, and though the clouds loomed large and dark, there did not yet seem to be signs of imminent rain. He hoped it would hold off until the morning at least.
“No, no,” John brushed a thumb across Sherlock's cheekbone. “Don't talk like that. This was not your doing. Besides, your life is not worth sacrificing for a ship. I know losing the
He stares, chest rising and falling as if he has just finished running. John moves closer and takes his hands. He looks into Sherlock’s face, half-cast in shadows now, the curves and angles made all the more prominent.
“Also,” John, exaggeratedly serious, holds up a finger as a warning to not be interrupted. Sherlock tries not to chuckle too obviously. “Why do your poems never rhyme? Poems are supposed to rhyme.”
“You showed up at that stupid carnival, all snuggly with your precious boyfriend, and I just couldn’t resist. Your interfering arse got me locked up, and you didn’t deserve to be happy like that! I decided I needed to make you
“Goodbye.” That captivating baritone uttered the word so softly that John almost could believe he had imagined it.
"Sherlock, I completely destroyed that test," John was babbling excitedly as he reached him. "I haven't felt that good about a test ever, and it was amazing and you're amazing," he was beaming and squeezing Sherlock's hands again, a bit breathless from his half-jog over. "Thank you so much for helping me."
Yet Sherlock clearly sensed the unspoken words, hovering as mere air behind John’s lips. Breath, burdened with the terrible potential to become words it was not yet time to speak. John swallowed, staring at Sherlock. The tension brought to life between them by the argument fizzled into something else, as they both stood there frozen.
And the idea of the cottage now dwelled in his mind, too, promising and warm. Waiting until it was time for life to move in that direction.
“I already know I do,” Sherlock says, without thinking. Then, he winces. What sort of insipid, sentimental drivel was that? However, if he’s honest, he doesn’t really mind.
“Dammit,” he growls. He knows, as is the burden of genius, what he should do, but he feels a jolt of nerves as he considers it. “John, what have you done to me?”
And his occasional encounters with Mycroft only intensified that impression. The man was always a bit distant, a bit overly polite, but certain hints he made to John sent chills through him.
“Good,” Sherlock says. The two siblings stare each other down for a moment, seeming to have a silent conversation John has no hope of following. “I hope your trip to Singapore proved fruitful for the election proceedings.”
John’s head whips up at the sound of his voice, astonishment written onto his handsome features. “Sherlock!” he exclaims, leaping to his feet. “What— what are you doing here?”
They launch into a discussion of motivations and backstories and characterization, which lasts nearly an hour. John is surprised to find it’s — effortless, talking like this with Sherlock. Certainly, they’ve been better about communication in general since New Year’s, but this is the first time John has opened up this much about his new manuscript. Up until now, Sherlock’s near-insatiable curiosity about it has been sustained by small scraps of information. So this abrupt divulgence of the entire story should make John feel vulnerable.
And he couldn’t forget John’s face, the way he’d looked as the fight had played out between them, a perverse pantomime of their usual playful bickering. The worst part was that Sherlock was the reason John had looked that way. Everything was due to Sherlock’s failure to deal with this in a sensible way.
was up ahead somewhere, according to the map Sherlock had drawn of the vessel’s route. Somewhere, less than a mile away, sailed their worst enemy.
Not that John was around much these days, Sherlock admitted to himself ruefully. He reclined back on the sofa where he had thrown himself earlier, flipping through a textbook but shooting glances at his quiet-for-the-moment mobile every few seconds. It was nearing half-six, and there was still no sign of John, who was supposed to be home for dinner. A dinner that hopefully would not be punctuated by the incessant buzzing of Sebastian’s texts.
John, on the other hand, intended to spend the night on the ship. He wanted everything to be in readiness for an early departure in the morning, and to get a feel for the ship. She was yet untested in long voyages, and to survive she needed to be as familiar to John as his own hand.
At least Lestrade had gotten to tackle the man. John hadn’t even gotten a single punch in. He tried not to feel too bitter about it.
How could he let them down? If he did not submit to Moriarty, they would be hunted down and killed. They would meet a fate like that of his father’s.
Sherlock sits on the edge of the bed. John deposits the bag on the floor and joins him, still with that oh-so-pleased look on his face that hasn’t faded since he first saw Sherlock at the signing. Sherlock takes a moment to glance around the space — it’s a lovely hotel room, all greens and golds, with wide windows and a fully stocked minibar. Out of the windows the city sprawls, the castle glowing golden-orange at the top of the hill. It feels distant, though, as if Sherlock and John are somehow above it all, wrapped up in their own small universe, intimate and alone.
He guides them to the bed, but John is the one who lies down first. Once he’s comfortable, he grins and opens his arms in invitation. Sherlock smiles, a little shyly, and crawls next to him. Emotions glimmer in his eyes — want, trepidation, and something akin to wonder.
They all chuckled again, and the conversation turned to other matters. Work, school, their weekend plans, and so on. This hour began to feel like their last free moment before returning to the pile of assignments looming over each of them. Greg was loath for it to end. But eventually, everyone began to filter away, heading to various destinations — most school-related — with grimaces and groans. Only Molly, fretting about her essay for Watson, stayed behind with Greg, who had nowhere in particular to be at the moment and was actively avoiding working on that same essay.
Sherlock, smiling, nods. “I would. But don’t worry about him trying anything with me. He’s clearly as in love with himself and his own ‘talent’ as some people would say Sacker and Sherrinford are in love with each other. And as for me, I’d never in a millennium write poetry for
, he told himself, clawing again for the blessed air above. He made it, not caring that half of his lungful was water.
Footsteps thumped up the steps then, and John peered around the corner to see Wiggins leaning against the wall for a moment, head bowed. After a moment, he followed his captain. John waited a few more seconds, then did the same.
“Nothing, I…” he moves forward for a better look around. John follows, then squeezes his arm, grinning up at him in amusement as Sherlock stops again, staring around in awe.
A series of peculiar artifacts littered the shelf above it, as well as the surface of a small desk, which was shoved in the corner of the cabin. Several of those objects were recognizable as navigational tools—compasses, telescopes in varying sizes, measuring tools, and maps—but others looked like they would have been more at home in a scientist’s or professor’s laboratory than in the quarters of a pirate captain in the middle of the ocean. John could not identify most of these, though he did pick out a set of glass tubes and beakers, a magnifying glass, tools for cutting and slicing (rather like what a surgeon might use), and a real human skull.
Sherlock paid no one any mind, eyes closed in concentration. In that moment, pale orange firelight illuminating his strange, marvelous face, his hands shaping a song of the sea, he was John’s entire world.
They dash off, trying to cover their meals as the skies open and drop a sudden cool thunder-shower onto them. John lets out an exhilarated cry, and hears Sherlock giggling beside him.
Sherlock finishes the draft of the poem in about half an hour, stretches, and then reads it over. At the last line, he freezes.
“Come on,” Sebastian said, and this time, to add to the threat his hands were conveying, he reached into his pocket. From within it, he extracted a knife, which he flicked open and waved before Sherlock’s eyes. In response, Sherlock stepped back. He had to glance over his shoulder, however, to make sure he didn’t get too close to the edge of the roof again. Sebastian took the opportunity to seize him, the knife moving to the exposed skin of his neck. Sherlock stiffened, facing him.
John only moved close and whispered his reply directly onto Sherlock’s lips once the man straightened up. “I loved it.” He pulled back and regarded his lover. “Why don’t you play regularly anymore?”
That night, after the flat was dark and quiet, Rosie with Molly for the night, Sherlock knelt in front of the fireplace. His ring twinkled as he struck a match and lit the wood. Crackling light illuminated the sitting room, making his eyes gleam with happiness.
"Call me John," he murmured. Again with his mouth saying things before his mind could authorize them.
“Have far fewer graphic images in our minds?” Greg suggested, which set Molly off into giggles again.
John leaned against the portside railing, momentarily finding himself lost in thought as he gazed back at the strange ship. He had never encountered much trouble while at sea, in the five years he had sailed. Violent storms, hidden reefs in the shallows, even shark-infested waters. But thanks to good fortune, he had seen nothing quite like this. He had gone to the Mediterranean, around Africa, even as far as Asia, and not once had the ship been boarded or even threatened.
“Oh, come on,” John leans in and pecks his cheek. “How could I forget urging you to expand your poetic horizons?”
Grumbling obscenities under her breath, the girl swung her bag over her shoulder — it nudged Molly as she did so — and stormed to the front table and yanked her notebook out.
“I faked my death and tried to pass it off as a joke,” Sherlock breathed. “I disregarded your feelings, and… got your wife killed.”
“No,” Sherlock snorted. “They know what you and Victor look like. And I need Irene here, to ready our own crew.”
Sherlock’s mouth twisted, and his tone was sharp with bitterness. John stared at him in horror. “But,” he stammered. “The NOTP is not affiliated with England, is it? I was under the impression it is owned by a private group.”
She had stalked away then, leaving John staring after her with indecision running through his veins.
“I have no intention of dying in this endeavor,” he whispered in a low rumble. “I intend to end this, once and for all.”
“Feeling better?” She flicked her long coppery-brown hair over her tanned shoulder. Her accent was unusual, not quite English. Something out of the West Indies, he suspected, though he had never asked.
“What was it you called them? A vanity press?” Sherlock asks. “Sounds right. Moriarty was rather vain when I spoke to him.”
“I’m alright,” she said. “Captain discovered the sword hadn’t damaged anything important, and he did that thing… what do you call it?”
Everyone snickered, though their laughter turned to cheers when John pressed his lips to Sherlock’s.
Sherlock sighed in relief and tapped out a reply. A case from Lestrade sounded like the perfect distraction from the mess he called his present life.
They kissed a few moments longer, then broke apart and grinned at each other. Sherlock felt his heart leap. Who would have imagined that someone like him would have a boyfriend as wonderful as John, would be staring at him in such a sentimental manner? How quickly things could change. Only weeks ago, Sherlock would have scoffed at the idea of having anyone wanting to kiss him, let alone having anyone to call a
Sherlock chuckled. While John had made tea, he had unraveled himself slightly, though the blanket was still draped over him. He didn’t reply, but instead said, “I dreamed about you, earlier.”
Sherlock obeys, pulling up a stool at the small table in the center of the space. “So what were you working on when I arrived?”
John felt his pique rising. He turned and faced Sherlock directly, gaze unwavering. “Do you want my opinion?”
“Lieutenant,” Sherlock sighed. “Do you honestly think I would be eager to rid myself of the first example of potentially stimulating company in this entire ocean?”
She felt more relieved than anything, but wasn't sure that was an entirely appropriate response. She settled for nodding. “Fine, sir.”
They glanced at one another, still thrown by being caught out like this. Sherlock couldn’t even muster any irritation at John for abandoning his guard duties through his surprise and fear.
“Because I think, without understanding it” — he paused, harrumphed at sharing so many private thoughts and emotions, then pressed on — “I somehow knew I was waiting for you.”
"What did he want?" Sherlock asked after a few minutes. His eyes were still closed, though his hand was now making slow sliding motions up and down the underside of John's calf. He seemed less exhausted now, more blissfully lethargic. It appeared his tiredness had given away to a relaxed, good mood.
“Alright, Winter,” the man said, lifting his own sword. “Let’s see if you’ve improved since last we did this.” His countenance was serious.
“Recovering well. I suspect she will be able to walk without significant discomfort to her side in just a few days.”
“I’m so sorry, Victor,” he murmured. The man had buried his face in his hands, and John glanced up at Sherlock.
John’s reply comes quickly, and Sherlock deduces that he is between events. He recalls that the authors’ dinner will take place in about thirty minutes, after the convention closes for the day.
John there, wanted him to slide in next to Sherlock and curl around him as he used to. He wanted him to kiss Sherlock’s neck and whisper a soft “goodnight.”
This particular store is tucked away in a narrow street off Portobello Road, near enough to Notting Hill Gate to get plenty of traffic from both there and the market, but far enough away that it feels like it still could be a bit of a secret. The shelves reach the ceilings and are spaced just this side of uncomfortable, exuding a sense of being embraced by books whenever someone walks through the aisles. John has been placed in the reading area, where several cafe-style tables and chairs are arranged around a small fireplace, in which flames crackle merrily to ward off the chilly wind blowing outside. His spot is ideal for encountering customers; the shop is small enough that anyone wandering through will have to pass by this area and would need to be exceptionally dedicated to avoiding social interactions to evade him.
John turned back to Victor, who had tears streaming down his face. “It’s no good,” he said. “We have to abandon ship. Come with us, Trevor.”
“Tonight. There has been a… delay,” John hedged. “But once we arrive, you are free to go if you choose. Find passage home. I feel our obligations are for now null, as we have no ship. Returning to England is the best chance you will have to continue your lives.”
She had sent him a link, accompanied by a smile that, despite being composed of nothing more than a colon and parenthesis, still managed to look cheeky somehow. He hesitated before clicking on the link. In the brief time he had known Janine, he had grown accustomed to being startled by her boldness. That aspect of her personality should not have continued to be a shock, as the first conversation they had ever had consisted of a rather explicit description of her alibi for her neighbour’s murder—she had been sleeping with the flat’s
Mid-twenties, mild case of eczema. Also bi, no... gay. Attends Roehampton. Has recently gotten two small dogs. Also has a slight obsession with coffee, judging from his hands.
He did not, however, tell of the hardships he had been facing. He did not tell of the pain in his shoulder or the tremor in his hand, or that he feared the latter was now perhaps permanent. He did not tell of waking up most nights in cold sweats, seeing visions of storms and lighting and sinking ships flashing before his eyes. He did not tell of falling back asleep only to dream of Sherlock’s warm embrace…
“The look on your face, when Sebastian had you. You were so scared. I should have been there to protect you-”
Together, they peeled away the bandages. As they fell away and revealed John’s shoulder, Sherlock sucked in a sharp breath.
“Ah, Mr. Watson, at last,” he says crisply, breezing past Sherlock into the sitting room. He wears a bespoke pinstripe suit, and John wonders who in their right mind would be so dressed up just to pay a social call. Or whatever this is. “Hello.”
John interlaces their fingers and nods. “It is. He was being… unnecessarily assertive, though I don’t know why. I don’t blame you for defending your right to have an opinion on my books.”
Sherlock sighed, leaning into John's touch. His gaze shifted to the ship, and his hand moved to the mast next to them. “I sometimes feel I should have gone down with her. I failed her…”
His eyes scanned Moriarty. He thought back to the way Victor’s explanation of why he had dropped out of contact had been so vague. He recalled how the
Sherlock tugs the box over to him, eyebrows lifting as he feels the heft of it, then tugs at the bow John had taken a full five minutes to tie properly. (He could have stopped at his first, halfhearted attempt, but this gift was special.) The bow soon falls away, as does the paper, revealing a plain cardboard box. John gives up the pretense of looking at the tablet as Sherlock pulls off the tape and lifts the flaps.
“Surrender?” Moriarty laughed, cold and high. “To you? To an insignificant little sailor who shacked up with a naïve, revenge-obsessed pirate? The weak little captain who snatched stupid old Sholto from me? Darling, why would I ever surrender to you?”
“Alright, alright!” Irene called. “Let the girl alone. Kitty, your footwork is improving, but don’t let Sebastian play with you so long next time!”
John looks a bit younger here than he does in real life. Sherlock estimates he was about twenty-three when the photo was taken, and his hair then was a bit shorter, styled differently.
John nodded and racked his brains for something to say. After an entire night of rehearsing potential conversations, possible farewell gestures and words, his mind had seemed to decide to wipe itself of every single one.
John laughed and deflected the weapon with ease, then ducked the next attempted blow. He stepped to the side, spinning, and brought his sword up overhead. James cursed under his breath, barely catching John’s sword in time as it slashed downward.
He inclines his head. “The one and only. Well, you know, not really. There’s probably a hundred of us out there.”
Sherlock shouldn’t have let himself believe it. He shouldn’t have let himself get so close, should have rebuffed John’s gentle advances once they’d become friends, should have told John after their first kiss that a relationship with him was not a good idea that would only end in pain for them both. He shouldn’t have given into his own sentiment, because now he was paying the price. The price being, of course, his heart, which he felt was becoming more bruised by the day.
But Victor winced, and sweat had broken out on his forehead. He dropped his head back down onto the infirmary table. “I…”
John pulled back and gazed up at him, barely visible in the dim light of Rosie’s nightlight. “I love you, Sherlock.”
“Not for my new books, but sometimes I’ll write a quick something as an example. On occasion I’ll show them an old draft, but that’s rare. You got the royal tour the other day, looking at my notebook.”
“It was my idea, actually. I did not want to risk you by contacting you. I feared what would happen if such an organization as the East India Company learned who you were and what you were trying to do. It may not affect them directly, but they hate pirates with a notorious passion.”
“Oh no, I’m convinced that Magnussen has indeed been doping. But for it to come out now is, as you said, odd – though maybe deliberate in its timing. In any case, it’s advantageous for Moriarty.”
“I couldn’t have gone any faster,” he admits when they’re on their way to the team bus for a quick wash and change out of their sweaty clothes. The air on the mountain pass is chilly due to a strong wind blowing from the west. “And without you, I wouldn’t have got so far at all today. I struggled a bit on Marie-Blanque, but you kept me in line.”
Despite the courtesy of the request, it’s not exactly an invitation, more a command. Sherlock heaves a loud, disapproving sigh. “Cut the dramatics, Mycroft, and leave John in peace. He’s tired and hungry. Unlike you, he
“Are you planning to stay in bed for the rest of the morning?” quips John, half turning to Sherlock and giving him a glance out of the corner of his eye while he scrapes at his throat. Sherlock watches him how he stands, his head drawn back and his throat exposed. It doesn’t help his situation at all. On the contrary, it makes it even more dire.
Smiling broadly at him (despite battling his own set of nerves), John takes his hand and lets himself be let to the bed they’ve already lain in and attempted to fall asleep earlier. Sherlock pulls him close again and they kiss. It’s less hurried and desperate than previously but deeper. Both their erections have flagged a little during their conversation. Sherlock is still aroused, though, as is John. When he shifts against Sherlock, John is rewarded with a moan, a twitch of Sherlock’s cock and an almost instinctive grab at John’s arse that make him grin against the other’s lips.
Sherlock waves a hand. “I do expect a full account, Captain Watson. But I don’t resent you. How could I?” He swallows. John’s words have made him curious. He wonders what injuries he received, how he ended up a prisoner of war, how he escaped, and what exactly he did to aid the Resistance. But all in good time. For now, it’s enough that John is here, warm and breathing and smelling of wool and cheap soap, of coal smoke from his recent train journey and the particular smell of the London Tube, but mostly of himself, the smell Sherlock remembers from their nights together and that he knows he’ll never, ever forget.
John snorts. “Hopefully not today. I have yet to polish my shoes to look presentable in my uniform.”
“Don’t worry, I’m sure your Robert will treat you to Champagne later,” teases Sherlock, making a face when he says the name.
Mike shrugs. “Yeah. Given the chaos negotiations are stuck in at the moment, they expect long queues should there be a hard one and we crash out of the EU without any deals. What a fucking mess. Guess something like this year’s Tour wouldn’t be possible next year. Starting in London and all that. It was grand, though, wasn’t it?”
“Why unexpected?” Sherlock gave voice to his glaring gap of knowledge and resulting insecurity. “We talked about this only yesterday. In a way, we got engaged last night, if you really meant what you said about not wanting to leave me ever again. We’ve professed our mutual attraction, even love. Wouldn’t this be the logical progression of our relationship?”
When Sherlock spoke, it was surprisingly calm, his enunciation very measured and precise. His words, however, were as sharp and cutting as a scalpel. “Well, my ‘freakishness’, as you so aptly name it, surely hasn’t sprung out of thin air. It must come from somewhere. Likely, it is hereditary. So unless I am adopted, you can blame your own genes. Still, you managed to have your little speech. Bravo. Doubtlessly you enjoyed criticising me, although I fail to see how this approach is going to reconcile us in any way. But then, you’ve never had a knack for interpersonal relationships.”
Sherlock gives him a lopsided smile in return. “And now,” he states, drawing himself up to his full height – albeit with a groan and not without swaying a little with exhaustion, “before I embarrass myself even further with my sentimental tripe, will I finally get my tea and biscuits, and my hand bandaged? Make yourself useful, doctor, or else I’ll reconsider the leaving thing and get myself a companion who’ll look after my needs more reliably. One of the fairie-folk, perhaps.”
“The battle will be tough tomorrow, and I doubt I’ll manage to attack or ride in a breakaway,” he says, looking somewhat downcast.
Crossing the road and stepping over to the thicket, he tries to peer through the branches, searching for the ball. Sherlock ambles over and looks as well. Not much can be seen. However, the voices of the children have turned excited, almost awed.
John shakes his head, laughing softly. “This feels strangely familiar, too. I take it we went here in the past ... well, in the other timelines, right?”
“You searched all your outbuildings, I take it?” enquired Sherlock as he left the stall, went a few paces and hunkered down next to the heap of hay in front of three of the Suffolks’ stalls. John heard Peter mutter something like “Might as well feed them the rest”, upon which he and Katie picked up the pitchforks leaning against the wall near the entrance and began to hoist hay into the mangers in the stalls. The horses, however, seemed unimpressed by this action despite the prospect of food arriving.
Sherlock makes a noncommittal sound. John has followed his reasoning pretty well without him laying out all his theories, and he is delighted. John is more intelligent than he lets on. “As I said, we don’t have enough information, and I’d rather not lose myself in speculation and half-baked theories as they cloud one’s judgement. But yes, she is a definite possibility, chiefly because of her acquaintance with Moran. They, too, were in a relationship – in fact, they were officially together at that time –, meaning there is a good chance she was familiar with using his car.”
“The inconvenience was minor, commander,” he replies. “I’m glad to be here at last. The trains were cramped, and at one point it wasn’t certain we’d be moving on at all. I would have phoned or sent a telegram, but there was no opportunity. But it all worked out in the end. My orders said to report at the mansion, which I did, but your secretary told me to wait and to get some food if I wanted to as you weren’t likely to be available for some time.”
Btw, several people have notified me about images not showing up. This is a problem with Chrome and Edge browsers in particular. Firefox, Ecosia and Safari all work fine. I’m currently in the process of adding image links to all my fics, but I haven’t manage to do all for
Sherlock snorts, rolling his eyes. “Yes. Meaning ... oh bloody hell, why is this so difficult? Yes, I am in love with you, John. I have been for eight years.” He leans back in his chair, folds his arms over his chest and glowers at John over the bloody candle. John is gazing at him, first in surprise which morphs into understanding which becomes sadness which becomes joy. A smile spreads on John’s face, his eyes shine with emotion.
“Why, do you think he’ll try to win back the polka-dot tomorrow against word from above? Moriarty will want to keep him close for
“Perhaps the capsule wasn’t hers in the first place,“ says Sherlock. “It could have been Adler’s, and Jenny found it among her things, in her handbag or purse, thus further confirming that The Woman is a spy – which perhaps she is.”
“Yeah, and I think I spotted a fox and two badgers.” John frowns. “Never seen a wild badger before, come to think of it. Didn’t know they were that large.” He gazes at Sherlock, his frown deepening. “What were all those animals doing together? That’s not normal, is it?”
“I’m not,” returns Sherlock quickly. “Uncomfortable. I think.” He scoots into a sitting position, looking down at John who has propped himself up on one elbow, gazing at him with what seems to be a mixture of fondness and anxious expectation. Sherlock can see the pulse fluttering in his neck. His pupils are dilated – which might be due to the dim light – and he has been licking his lips repeatedly. John is nervous, too. The thought warms Sherlock. So even for Three Continents Watson who has kissed lots of people, this here is special, unprecedented. Sherlock’s heart swells at the thought.
John nods thoughtfully. “Yes, it is. But who was it? Someone wearing Chanel and make-up, all right, I get that.” John shrugs, before his eyes light up. “You mean Jenny received or retained it from a woman?”
Sherlock draws a deep breath and releases it slowly, gazing ahead at the dark ridge of the Down. “Yes,” he says quietly.
Mary smiles mysteriously. “Oh, he left with the singer, Miss Adler. They seemed to be getting on really well. Lucky chap. She’s rather stunning.”
He swallowed. John reached out and squeezed his shoulder, and Sherlock unconsciously leaned into the touch for a moment before straightening. He closed his eyes briefly and drew a deep breath.
The figure seems to have spotted him. It stops, readjusts the bag or suitcase it’s carrying in its free hand. Its silhouette is male, not very tall, somewhat obscured by a coat and a hat.
“I think she’s already inside,” Sherlock hears a young Yorkshire private mutter to his friend, a corporal from a Scottish regiment.
“We haven’t told them,” John assures her. “We didn’t even tell them where we were going. Sherlock was very certain we’d find you here.”
Ellie has been expecting them. The television is switched off, and she seems to actually have tried to tidy up the room a little, indicated by the hastily gathered together newspapers and fluffed up pillows on the squashy sofas.
“How? She’s so popular, it’s bound to be watched,” mutters John. “Didn’t the usher say they prevent people from molesting the girls there? I wouldn’t want to run foul of him or the other chaps. Did you see his arms? Jesus.”
He shrugs, runs a hand through his hair, then looks towards Sherlock to gauge his reaction. Sherlock is still gazing at the ceiling, looking thought- and somewhat doubtful.
When the God of Thunder spots the new arrivals, he calls to them and invites them over. “Hey, hey, great you could make it. Drinks are on me – well, our sponsor. Order what you like. It won’t just be milk and yoghurt,” he adds with a wink – Arla are mainly known for their dairy products.
Sherlock sticks out his tongue at him, making John laugh. “Bathroom is free, and I’ve drawn you a new bath as well. Hurry up, or the water will be cold.”
Sherlock snorted but did as he was bidden. After carelessly disposing of the paper over his side of the bed, he snuggled up to John once more, who switched off the bedside lamp.
Sherlock gazes at John and smiles, his heart full of love for this remarkable man. “You do that, John,” he says softly, his throat tight.
John smiles wryly. He remembers that James wanted to talk to him, personally, on the phone, not via text messages. Suddenly, he understands why. He nods to himself, feeling a mixture of relief, happiness for James, and regret. “You’ve met someone,” he finishes the other’s sentence.
“No problem,“ replies John. He waits until Sherlock has closed the door before letting out a long breath and silent curse.
John’s and Sherlock’s room – another twin – is spacious and recently renovated. John glances at the two beds when they enter and cocks an eyebrow at Sherlock. “Are we going to actually need the second one at all?”
John can’t help smiling. “’Course you did. See you in Loudenvielle – or in Pau, in case you arrive much earlier than I.”
Sherlock glided over to John and pulled up the blanket which had partly slid from his shoulders, before stooping to burrow into the pockets of his coat to find the evidence bags. “He is right. I propose we inspect the site tomorrow. We’ll try and organise an expert to accompany us – Mrs. Bolton knows relevant people – to assess the historical potential of the find. Also, the land’s owners should be present as well, and they have enough on their plate tonight dealing with their horses and securing the stables for the night. Moreover,” he stepped closer to John and placed a hand on his shoulder in a blatant display of both protective- and possessiveness, “Dr. Watson was injured and needs rest and medication.
Sherlock ducks his head and looks away, blushing. He absolutely shares John’s sentiments concerning 221B but is surprised that John is voicing them so freely. On the whole, this present John is much more open and communicative than the previous Johns Sherlock encountered. It’s refreshing, not having to deduce everything about his flatmate and make informed (or not so informed) guesses about his emotional state. This might be helpful to further their relationship.
Sherlock leaps out of bed at the sharp clap of a car door, followed by the start of an engine. He dresses in record time, is still tying his shoes as he hops down the stairs, the scarf John gave him over his shoulder and his Tweed greatcoat over his arm. He barely avoids falling over a surprised Hattie lounging on the bottom step.
He recalls the conversation the colleague referred to, quoting what was said between her and Nora before she left. ‘Are you going home now to spend time with Paul?’ ‘No, I want to do some research. Paul’s still at work, anyway.’ ‘Going on another underground trip, then?’ ‘Yes. I have a great lead. But it’s all a little hush hush. Going down to say hello to the ghost now and pass down his line to the real ghost station.’ She’d winked and left, she colleague said, leaving her a little confused.
Turing leans in closer and frowns as he studies the message thoughtfully. “It’s difficult to tell whether it’s Enigma. Have you tried decrypting it yet?”
At his words, a heavy gust of wind shakes the tree, causing some leaves and a small twig to fall down onto Sherlock’s hair. For a moment, he thinks he hears another sound, high and happy, like faint giggling.
John smiled as he scrolled through the texts. Whatever dark cloud had hung over Sherlock’s head these past days, it now seemed forgotten as he enjoyed the thrill of a new case. Only his remark about Mycroft set John’s alarm bells tingling. Perhaps, he mused, it would be a good idea after all to let himself get kidnapped by the elder Holmes brother and quiz him about the events in Switzerland. Whatever misgivings Sherlock might have about his ‘meddling’, given the fact that he himself wasn’t exactly forthcoming with information and clearly in a troubled state because of what had befallen, John felt his reluctance to confer with the British Government lessen daily. Then again this action might damage the tender trust and intimacy that had developed between Sherlock and himself over the past days, and John didn’t want to risk that.
For a moment, her professional countenance slips again. She sighs, even swallows slightly. “I should like to think so. It was new to her, being with a woman. That’s what she said, and I believe it. But she seemed happy, happier than when I first met her, shortly after the break-up from her fiancé. And she’d loathed Sebastian in the end, that’s why she ditched him, she said. But being with me … more than once, she claimed that she’d never felt so free in a relationship, so appreciated. And I did appreciate her, deeply. She was so smart, and funny. She would have made a good singer, too, even though her voice was untrained, of course. But she had her work, and took it seriously.”
His shoes are clean without any traces of dust or mud that might have given Sherlock a clue. The lack of dust and soot on his suit rule out a train journey. He did not cycle here, either, or his right trouser leg would either be crumpled from rolling it up, or stained from the chain. He doesn’t come across as the cycling type, anyway, not with his arm, which looks considerably impaired in movement.
“Actually, I think I’d like some of the biscuits. Bourbons, weren’t they?” he announces, eager to have a look round the kitchen. At his side, John looks surprised.
Sherlock watches him, inclines his head. “You have proved tolerable enough to not annoy me, and you may actually be helpful when it comes to casework. You’re adequately intelligent, work well as a sounding board, and have a penchant for ... let me call them slightly reckless activities. I’d say we’re a good fit.” His voice and expression are calm and matter-of-factly, but despite the relative darkness, John can see the tightly controlled eagerness in his bearing. Sherlock wants this, he realises. They’ve only known each other for less than a week, and yet here is Sherlock, a man who by all accounts has been on his own and fending for himself all his life, offering a near stranger to share said life – or at least living arrangements.
Tiffany nods, her eyes still glued to the screen. “It’s amazing that they can still find out all these things, even after so many years. Imagine this man stuck in the peat for two thousand years and then some worker finds him by accident, and then these scientists can tell what his last meal was and how he died. That’s brilliant.”
“Hah, no it won’t. I want to be cremated and buried in one of those forests. It’s in my will, too. No flowers and stuff are allowed there, much less anything made of plastic. But you’re welcome to share my tree when the time comes.”
Sherlock returns the violin and bow to the case and shrugs. “Just something that came to my mind just now,” he says.
idiots compared to me. And hitting back verbally was about my only line of defence,” returns Sherlock.
John shakes his head sadly, swallowing around the lump in his throat. “The doctors said he’s going to be lucky to walk again. But you know James. He’s tough. He’ll manage. Guess you’ll have to ride for GC this year,” John says and winks.
Bending down gingerly so as not to aggravate his head, Sherlock feels for the faint air wafting under the door.
“Well, you could always ask your brother to draft a law against it,” says John amusedly. “It can be rather hot in summer, being made from wool and all.” His pupils are dilated and a faint blush has begun to colour his cheeks. He is clearly aroused by Sherlock’s proximity, perhaps also by his assertiveness. He licks his lips again, consciously this time in a blatant attempt to sabotage the last shreds of Sherlock’s self-restraint.
Sherlock makes up his mind. “Stay. The bed is quite narrow for two people, I know, and you’d be more comfortable in your own room, but ...,” he draws a deep breath, “I’d like if you stayed. Tonight.”
“Not at all. Please recount what happened yesterday afternoon, while the Millers were away. Did you notice anything unusual?”
“You think Tiffany is held in that grove? Doesn’t seem like a very secure spot. I mean, the forest isn’t even very dense. And ... wait a moment. Have you seen that? Between the trees, a little to the left. It looked like a light. Not from a house or car down in the valley. It was colder, more ... blueish in colour.”
It had started to drizzle by the time the bunker came into view. The sun had gone down and mists were gathering in the hollows of the land. Trees stood silhouetted darkly against the dusky sky, the clumps of gorse creating strange, monstrous shapes in the gloom. The bunker, however, was illuminated from within, and a rather prehistoric looking orange Fiat Uno was parked in front of it. Voices sounded from inside the building.
He doesn’t push John away, though. Instead, he swallows and shakes his head, his grip tightening on John’s shoulder where one of his hands has landed during their kissing. “Not enough,” he whispers, and there is something in his voice that makes John look up.
“You’re at a big advantage, you see,” John tried to explain. “You knew all about my sister from simply looking at my phone, and most likely know my entire family history by going through my stuff, and from the way I make toast. But I know next to nothing about you. And I’m beginning to think you don’t quite trust me. Do you believe I’ll ... don’t know ... ridicule you for whatever dark secrets hide in your past? Criticise you? Or worse, leave? If so, you’re an idiot.”
They have reached a quiet street of large, red-bricked houses, their rears overlooking Holland Park. The Blitz seems to have wrought little damage here, and apart from some signage for the nearest air raid shelter, nothing reminds of the war. The area is wealthy – John would call it ‘posh’ – with the houses retaining their neo-Georgian grandeur behind large lime trees in well-groomed front gardens. There are even a few cars parked along the pavement, large vehicles that usually come with chauffeurs. John makes an excited noise and touches Sherlock’s arm briefly when his eyes fall on a silver Bentley Convertible standing in the drive between two of the houses. Sherlock recognises the number plate. It’s Moran’s car.
As John and Sherlock approach Hut 8, some of Sherlock’s colleagues meet them. “Heard you had a bit of an adventure in London, Holmes,” says Anderson. “About to turn spy now instead of codebreaker?”
Sadly, Team Arla is accommodated elsewhere in Angoulême. The hotel Team Speedy’s is staying at is small, just large enough for the team and its entourage. As much as John would have liked to have joined Hofmann and his fellow teammates in their celebrations, he also appreciates a bit of peace and quiet. The hotel has a small, well-kept garden and a pool with gorgeous views of the cathedral, much to the delight of John’s teammates (not so much the view but the opportunity to spend some time relaxing in the water). Looking down at it from the window of his and Sherlock’s room, John smiles to himself.
He can’t help but cast a pointed look at the front of Sherlock’s cycling shorts which are as tight and slightly tented as his own. Sherlock looks wonderfully aroused, with his kiss-swollen lips, flushed cheeks and throat, tousled hair and dilated pupils. He swallows as he considers John’s question. “Stick ...,” he clears his throat, “stick to the mouth please, for now. I’ll let you know when you may proceed ... further.”
“Obviously,” says Sherlock. “You accompanied me here. First crime scene we ever visited together.” He doesn’t mention that this particular staircase also haunts his dreams – and his nightmares. It’s part of his mind palace, and underneath it, in a padded cell in the cellar, Moriarty and all of Sherlock’s insecurities and self-doubt are chained up. Sometimes, they manage to break free and wreak havoc in the otherwise orderly structure.
“There goes my third place,” huffs Kit, sitting back on his bike and pretending to look close to tears. “He’s fucking good.”
“Oh Sherlock, do be more careful with your milk,” chides Mummy. “Your other jacket is in the laundry. What’s the matter with you this morning? You have been sitting there staring into space for almost a minute now. Hurry up. Redbeard, no. You know perfectly well that you won’t get anything from the table.”
“Damn it,” he cursed. “Why can’t the wankers wait ‘til Tuesday to shoot their damn fireworks? They’ve been at it all evening already. And then they complain about having no money. Next time they should simply take some twenty pound notes and set them on fire. Wouldn’t make that fucking noise, at least.”
Meanwhile, Lestrade has opened a small notebook and has begun to write down what has been said so far. Once again, Sherlock is positively surprised by his efficiency. He decides to strike into the blue, hoping to unsettle Moran even further and gain some insight into his true dealings – and his true loyalties. Recalling his German lessons back at school, Sherlock asks, secretly pleased about his lack of accent,
The trouble with dancing is, of course, that usually it involves the presence or even proximity of other people, which is why Sherlock never pursued it afterwards despite there having been ample opportunity both at Cambridge and later in London. He did attend a concert now and again, but it wasn’t the same, sitting around listening passively and inevitably noticing the musicians’ mistakes, or the minuscule way their instruments were out of tune. Briefly, Sherlock even considered taking up ballet, but by that time he was already too old for it and wouldn’t have easily found a place at any ballet school. Thus, dancing very much decreased to a fond and distant memory, something he knew he enjoyed once but which was unlikely to be repeated. He doesn’t even know whether he truly remembers the steps. Moreover back at school during the lessons he mostly danced the female part because of the ever-present lack of girls and because unlike the other boys he didn’t mind, as long as he was able to dance.
John wakes to orange-tinted darkness and a sense of confusion due to a strange, nonsensical dream that involved Sherlock trying to outcycle a stand of flamingos and never quite catching it. Shaking his head, John reaches for his phone to check the time. It’s shortly after 4 am. He groans, rubbing a hand over his eyes. His bladder announces that a visit to the toilet would be a good idea. With a deep sigh, he shifts into a sitting position, careful of his injuries and also not to wake Sherlock. He does a double-take when a glance at the other bed reveals that it’s empty. The door to the ensuite is open and the bathroom dark.
At Sherlock’s questioning glance, he wiggled his eyebrows. “You’d like that film, I’m sure of it. Great atmosphere and attention to historical detail. Some period science, too. They filmed on Galapagos. And lots of men in naval uniforms. The books are very good, too. I’ll get you one for Christmas. But for now …”
When she is out of earshot, Molly sighs. “I thought she’d never leave. She is a very kind woman, but a bit of a gossip. Still, I think she wants our best. This is hard for her. Can you tell me anything more about what you found out in the quarry? John told me some, because I insisted. Don’t think you need to spare me the grisly details. It’s all right. It was just a bit of a shock this morning, finding her like this. I’ll be fine.”
However, at other times, the mere thought of having someone else come to know about his dreams had been utterly out of question. During those instances, John had blessed his solitude, or the fact that Sherlock was as reluctant to talk about these issues as John, and most times chose to show his support and the fact he cared with a cup of tea, a glass of water, or soothing violin music until John had fallen asleep again – or indeed a case, to keep him from sleeping.
“Her reaction to your reply?” asked John warily, wondering about the sudden change of topic. They were actually approaching a subject both had so far taken great care to stay clear of. At some point, it would have to be discussed, John knew (although likely Sherlock would disagree). But now did not seem the right time. Still, he had to ask. “What did you reply?”
“I’m not counting ‘the thing at Barts’ – what a wholly inadequate term for what you pulled there is that, anyway? I count those two times you went into cardiac arrest in an ambulance and they had to restart your heart – once on your way from Magnussen’s building to the hospital, and once after you’d collapsed at Baker Street. And I count – doubly – when you flatlined in the operating theatre and they declared you dead.”
Mike, whom John envies for being allowed to touch Sherlock’s enticing back (and his arms and legs), beams at him. “Oh hi, John. If you pop into the shower now, I can do you after I’ve finished with Sherlock.”
“You can’t have deduced that,” he states, eyeing Sherlock suspiciously. “Even you can’t be that clever.”
John laughs at Sherlock’s pretended affront and put on pout. Sherlock begins to chuckle as well. John swats his shoulder playfully. “You’re a git.”
Mycroft smiles slightly. “Most people who truly know how politics work would say so, yes. But when it comes to family ...”
Sherlock notices that John refers to his father in past tense. He’s not sure whether it’s appropriate to ask, but does it all the same. “Did he take his own life?”
“I can only play a few pieces,” he stated apologetically, “and likely none of them well, either. But we could give it a try, what do you think?”
Eventually, he heard the soft pads of wet socks. He turned to glance over his shoulder when a shadow appeared in the living room door. John felt oddly reminded of the Christmas when Sherlock had believed Irene Adler had been killed and John and Mrs. Hudson had searched his bedroom for drugs. Now, too, Sherlock cast a cursory glance through the room.
John narrowed his eyes. “You mean to tell me you’d rather go and tackle the mountain with me than work on what might turn out to be a brilliant case?”
“No, I will be able to look after our injuries myself, thank you.” Gazing at his blood-stained shirt, he makes a face. “I don’t suppose you could provide us with fresh shirts and vests, though? And my jacket and Mr. Holmes’ trousers need cleaning and mending, if they’re still salvageable.”
Sherlock stops and frowns at John. That’s almost exactly what he has just thought about John’s legacy.
“Yeah,” returns John lightly, “but that’s after the first intermediate sprint, and that’s still miles and miles away. We haven’t even left Greater London yet, even though the landscape looks nice and green(ish) for a change. Come on, you’re the man in yellow – that’s why this camera motorcycle is riding alongside all the time, by the way. I’m one of your
“What is the matter?” Mrs. Northam wanted to know a little testily. “We were just about to have dinner, and the children were looking forward to opening their first gifts.”
“I don’t need your pity,” Holmes interrupts him. “I’m not a charity case or a fledgling rider for you to take under your wing, John Watson, veteran of the Tour de France. I know what I’m doing.”
With John’s help, Sherlock heaves himself up, standing in the bathtub pale and shivering slightly, despite the warm, humid air in the room. John pulls the plug, before reaching for the shower. Waiting for the water to be comfortably warm, he motions to Sherlock.
When he reaches the hall (no sign of the Bentley or its driver anywhere in town), Sherlock is in for another disappointment. Even though the band is still playing, it is plain to see that the event is winding down. A small number of couples are still dancing, courtesy of the band who appear to have agreed to play a round of encores, but most people have left already, or are in the process of taking leave and fetching their coats and jackets, or their bicycles. The bar is already closed. There is no sign of either John, Lestrade or The Woman. Molly and her friends appear to have left as well.
“John,” he croaks, clinging onto the wrist he’s caught as if it’s a lifeline in a turbulent sea about to suck him down into its murky depths.
“Yeah. Maybe. I don’t know. I mean, our job is dangerous. We both know that, and that in part is why we love it. Doesn’t stop me from worrying about you, though.”
Sherlock hates it more and more, the way the elements ensnare and befuddle his senses. He can’t seem to rely on his eyes and ears and sense of direction anymore. The latter has rarely failed him back in London, where he could find his way back to Baker Street even in the densest fog. But here there is nothing to go by here apart from the dratted cairns, and they all look similar. And there is something else, something ... lurking in the fog. He can feel it. It’s looming closer and closer, an insubstantial and yet very real, almost tangible dread.
He sighed as he switched it off. Another opportunity of getting to know more about Sherlock’s interior workings gone. He would continue to dig, though.
“It says here that Magnussen Jr. has been found guilty of blood doping. Both A- and B-samples from one of the earlier stages of this Tour were found positive. Apparently, they tried to hush it up as long as they could, but after the raid at his team’s hotel yesterday of which the press got wind, and the B-sample confirming the initial suspicion, there was no way out. His entire team is withdrawing.”
The man shakes his head, looking excited. The other two men gather round, too, even though they must have heard the story before. “No. Nobody saw it happen. Like I said, must have been in the middle of the night. There isn’t a lot of traffic on the road, what with the petrol rationing and everything. Dotty went out because the dogs were barking like mad. Dotty’s farm is over yonder, see? Behind those trees. It’s her field, too, now that her husband’s fallen and her brother’s away at war and her father’s dead and she’s had to take over the whole thing and look after her mum and her brother’s little ones, too, on account of his wife dying of the measles last year. Look at the damage that car made. Dotty must be livid. Was turning out to be a good crop. Anyway, the dogs are making an almighty racket, so Dotty goes out to check, because we’ve had a couple of nasty chicken thieves round here lately. Better to check, you see. And she goes, and she sees some dark figure come up the lane, panting like, and limping. Turns out it’s a girl, all beat up and dishevelled and calling for help. Collapses in front of her, poor thing, says she’s been in an accident and that there’s a man chasing her.”
John’s grin turns decidedly mischievous. “You tell me. I only know that I wouldn’t have lasted much longer. God, Sherlock, you are a quick study, aren’t you? The kissing ... bloody hell.”
Jan smiles at him. A little further up the slope, the injured lamb has been reunited with its mother and is bumping its head against her udder to drink. Sherlock watches with fascination.
“Yes, I do. But I have to say that riding this Tour has turned out to be unexpectedly enjoyable as well. Cycling, and everything that comes with it,” he adds with a gentle glance at John. “Come on, let’s find somewhere to hide with a good view of the back door. We may have to wait for a while.”
They kiss for a while with Sherlock moving closer and cupping the back of John’s head with such tenderness that it touches John deeply. Sherlock cares so much, he realises once again. And he vows to always encourage Sherlock to let it show and not hide his affection – and of course to return it in kind.
John gazed up at his friend. “At least you’re honest. But yes, I admit that this was one of your more genial ideas. Come on, let’s have another look around before we prepare for the descent.”
“Thank you. I really appreciate it. Car’s waiting downstairs. Whenever you’re ready.” With that, he leaves.
“You should have propped it up earlier,” he says reproachfully. “I did suggest it.” At the same time, with the tiniest of movements, his head jerks into the direction The Woman has left in.
As they had agreed and already practised on the remaining ascent from the Galibier, Sherlock rode in front, and when he wasn’t concentrating on the road or mentally cursing inept drivers, John stole glances at his sleek form as he flitted in and out of the forest’s shade and leaned into the curves, wishing he had a camera mounted on the handlebars to film the sight and preserve it for posterity.
This brings on a more vivid reaction. Something complicated goes on in Irene Adler’s face, until eventually, she inclines her head. “I didn’t realise it at first, and neither did she. We danced around him – and each other – for a while. Both of us suspected that the valet wasn’t entirely what he seemed. I think he tried to acquire material on me, some of my old films. I feared he was going to pass them on to Sebastian so that he could blackmail me. Not that I care if some old bits of celluloid showing me dancing without knickers on make their way to the press. If anything, they might even further my career, and give the poor chaps on leave from the front something nice to look at for a change, were they to be published.”
Ah, so apparently John is not thinking about terminating their relationship. Sherlock feels his blush deepening. He swallows again, unused as he is to genuine compliments. For once, he is lost for words. He rubs at his cheek instead, causing John to laugh again.
Sherlock is right about the other contenders. Ricoletti comes third, two seconds after Moriarty. Of the three cyclists out on the track now, only Wilkes still has a chance of reaching the top three. The other two are already more than half a minute behind Sherlock’s time. Wilkes was close to Trevor’s split time at the check point, but seems unable to muster the extra energy to ride for victory. Then again, he doesn’t have to. He isn’t aiming to win the prologue, but the Tour, and gaining yellow today would mean early work for his team, using up energy they’re going to need in the mountains where the real battle for the GC is fought.
They lay in silence for a while, both looking at the ceiling, their heads slightly turned towards each other on their respective pillows. “Did you dream of me, when you thought I was gone?” Sherlock asked suddenly in a quiet voice, and John was startled, both by the content of the question, so very unlike his friend not in directness but emotionality, and by the soft, insecure tone it was spoken in. He drew a deep breath, pinching the bridge of his nose briefly.
John sighs again. With his free hand, he reaches up and quickly scuffs it across his eyes. “I’m being silly.” His voice is thick. “Of course it’s not your fault. You didn’t ask them to knock you out. You didn’t ask Mary to shoot you. It’s just ... ”
Sherlock sighs. This is getting even more intimate than in the greenhouse. Will John ever let off? Apparently not. “She was interesting. A challenge. But I didn’t ... I wasn’t in love with her, if that’s what you’re driving at.”
Surprisingly, Mycroft takes his time. Next to Sherlock, John is shifting uncomfortably in his seat, clearly recalling his previous encounter with the most dangerous man in England. He casts a quick glance at Sherlock who sets down his cup and faces up to Mycroft with a challenging expression.
“I don’t need a ring,” scoffed Sherlock. “Not very practical in our line of work, is it? I abhor all the traditional trappings of marriage.”
The song is slow and sentimental, strangely befitting Jennifer Wilson’s death overshadowing the event. To the side of the stage, Sherlock can dimly make out Jim Moriarty. He is standing very still with his head bowed, now and again touching his eyes.
Sherlock shrugged, before turning to John fully, his face splitting into a broad, excited smile. “I’m not sure. It could be. This looks like a woman’s hand, even though the writer tried to disguise their normal writing pattern by carefully drawing these capitals. But I intend to find out. Lestrade, I need a full autopsy of the body and all CCTV coverage of the area you can lay your hands on. We need a full ballistics report and toxicology scan. Have this envelope checked for fingerprints and traces of DNA, although I doubt you’ll find any. Have a graphologist check the writing against the one on the pink phone’s envelope which I know still being kept in your archives. Analyse ink and paper. I want to talk to the driver who found him, and everybody else who has been here before the police arrived. How comes you’re in charge here, anyway, and not London City Police? Despite the message you received, this part of London is their responsibility.”
Low expectations. John always had low expectations from everyone. He learnt a long time ago that the less you expected, the less disappointed you would be. When Harry became an alcoholic and he told her he wouldn't talk to her until she got clean, he didn't expect her to get clean for him. When he went to war, he didn't expect to come back alive. When he developed PTSD, he didn't expect therapy to end his nightmares. When he asked Sherlock for one more miracle, he didn't expect a not dead Sherlock towering over him at an overpriced restaurant when he was about to propose.
"You and I used to spend a lot of time in each other's company before Mary, of course. And I have become accustomed to your companionship and would like the amount of time to stay the same. These additional occasional 8 hours help me ensure we are together the same amount we were before. If we're short, I take another case, make you run around so you're tired so you stay here."
How did it get this bad? How did we go from killing people from each other to killing ourselves, physically and mentally?
Before, Mary's death, before the affair, before all of it, John was just a man asking a woman to marry him. He was
Problem was, things changed. In a funny way, really. It reminded John of something he'd read before how even though it seemed like everyday was the same, when you looked back, you realise, everything has changed. But that was the problem. Rather than change, rather than go from "Bachelor John Watson" to "oh, he's with the missus", he returned to "Sherlock's flatmate." Everything changed, but it didn't go forward, it went back. It was almost as if Sherlock had never left but whenever John woke up to Sherlock sleeping, he remembered seeing him on the floor with blood splattered all around him, his face hidden from view. He remembered seeing Mycroft smoke, the fiery embers leaving his silent killer and crushing on the floor, making the pavement darker than it ought to be. He remembered grief, pain and eventually, numbness. When he got so used to it all, he no longer remembered what it meant to be happy. He thought, what if Sherlock died again? What if I never have this moment again? Why don't i just fucking carpe diem it and see what happens? What if I go near him and put my arms around his, pull him closer and closer until we're inhaling the same air, until I can see all of him, his vulnerable emotions, his brilliant thoughts, his eyes that can never seem to decide on a color, until we have no choice but to give in, let our lips meet in a much anticipated kiss?
It's just, if John did let his walls down. Why did Sherlock have to break everything he had hidden inside? How could he break everything he had hidden inside?
Most of the time, he thought about everything that wasn't his life. Everything that could have been. Sometimes, John felt like he was in a box, in the literal sense. And the box was open just a bit, just enough to let a ray of sunlight shine on his pale skin, he could feel the warmth spread throughout his body from that one ray and he wanted more. He wanted more, he wanted to kick and hit and do everything in his power to open this box, to get out of this never ending, suffocating world that it made him want to hit his head against the box until it cracked open and bled all of his emotions and thoughts and dreams and everything out. But the thing is, he never did any of it. He never got out of the box, he never cracked his skull open, he just stayed there still.
A man in a horrible ironed suit approached them. Sherlock, to test himself, began to observe and spew out a few deductions,
He stared at Sherlock who finally sat still on a wheelchair that didn't belong beneath him. He stared in impenetrable silence that, for the first time, was uncomfortable. Being together with Sherlock, even if in just silence, was never, never this uncomfortable (which was saying a lot, considering his phone had moaned quite a few times at inopportune moments) Finally, John broke the silence and said,
John wanted to curl up in a hole and die. He wanted to go on the top floor of Bart's, call Sherlock, tell him this was his bloody note and fucking jump of the building. Sherlock grieved. He wanted Sherlock to feel the pain. He wanted him to feel used and forgotten and needy as fuck. He wanted him to see John everywhere, he wanted it to fuck up all his relationships, he wanted him to endure all the sympathy and eventually the numbing feeling of nothingness. Difference is, John would actually die. He wanted Sherlock to be sorry, to howl in pain but he didn't want Sherlock to go through what he was going through at this moment. He didn't want Hitler to go through what he was going through.
What he didn't know was that she would die. And when she would, John would get into the box himself, he would tape himself into it, beacuse after what he had done to Mary, he didn't deserve Sherlock. Everyone he ever came close to, they got hurt. Whether it be Harry in the form of alcohol, Sherlock in the form of a fake suicide, his wife in the form of a bullet, or himself in the form of himself, they got hurt. It didn't matter what John had done in his childhood to deserve Sherlock, after what he had done in adulthood, he didn't deserve any of it.
Sometimes, Greg would call John for an opinion on a case and John would listen to Sherlock's voice in his head make deductions and repeat them to Greg and often times, they helped. Not as much as the actual Sherlock would have, but it helped. But this Sherlock, lack the real Sherlock wasn't just for work either. He was also a brilliant companion. John took this more complaint Sherlock to the movies and made sure that the seat next to him was not booked, so he could sit next to him. He would curse at Sherlock when he gave away the ending and smile when he didn't like old times.
John was always a good writer, because writing was a one way thing. Almost like a narcissistic one way therapy, all the issues one faces, one writes but he was never good at expressing how he felt in real life. It's why therapy never worked for him. But somehow, Sherlock through his deduction or the rapport they had built, seemed to know what John was thinking all the time. And so, when John imagined kissing him, Sherlock did. When he imagined punching him, Sherlock let him. And when he felt what they had done was wrong. Sherlock stopped everything. The nights in each others' arms, the frequent cases, the visits, the kiss.
John walked over to see him laughing into his hand as the bomb lay with the timer flashing the same number over and over and over again.
Months went by, John proposed to Mary and the two were making plans for the wedding. And one night, when it got late, John stayed at Sherlock's. As usual, Sherlock came into John's room and lay down. Then, John turned over and asked,
John was never an eccentric man, despite the whole addicted to danger thing, he was a man who planned, a man who looked at the practical side, a man who didn't look at the glass half full or half empty, but a glass containing some water. He had a strong moral compass, followed the law (mostly), is- was, was a good husband and good father; he hoped, at one point in his life, he was a good friend. But he couldn't stop himself.
