Sherlock doesn’t say anything, but from the way he looks at John, it’s clear he understands perfectly.
“What does that have to do with you?” Sarah asks, but her tone is a lot softer now that she sees he’s genuinely upset about it.
Maybe they should go out to dinner. Angelo’s, maybe. Or that Chinese at the end of Baker Street with the good dim sum. Or the new Indian place around the corner; Sherlock would very much like to see their Tandoori oven. They could walk through Regent’s park first, and Sherlock could show John some of his favourite places to forage for wild blackberries and rosehips. Then dinner. Then maybe ice cream, there’s a lovely new place down by the Thames that Sherlock has been dying to try out and…
John takes another spoonful and looks thoughtfully at the colour. “Definitely raspberry. And something else. I’d say mint?”
“I was supposed to meet you, remember? You had something to do at the theatre, and I went home to get something or other. Mycroft was waiting at my flat, and he…”
“Our first Star Baker…. is actually two Star Bakers. The judges couldn’t quite agree, therefore we’re awarding Star Baker to Sherlock Holmes and John Watson.”
They sit down on the crates Billy uses as chairs and Sherlock gets right down to business. “Billy, how did you know the victim?”
They pick him up and put him on something soft and warm. Then there’s sunlight. John doesn’t let go of his hand. Sherlock sleeps.
“They must be fairies,” John whispers, watching the two figures as they land on the forest ground in front of them.
“Come in,” Mr. Musgrave’s voice answers. John looks at Sherlock, surprised, but Sherlock just opens the door and lets himself in, gesturing at John to follow, which he reluctantly does, trailing behind Sherlock.
Sherlock points at John’s cake, not taking his eyes off John’s for a second. “That one.” He pauses. “Obviously.”
“Yes, but how do you judge between two equally good bakes? Personal taste. Take your filo strudel and my topfenstrudel. Both perfect bakes. The judges picked mine because they liked it more.”
Mycroft finally relented and took John to see Sherlock. A vicious, raw and emotional argument later, Sherlock had a mission partner.
This could be it, right here and now. This could be the last time they see each other. And even though Sherlock knows that if he said to John, right now,
Sherlock discovers that the cool thing is a bottle of water, and he obligingly drinks most of it. The room doesn’t spin quite as badly anymore, but everything is very heavy.
John opens his eyes and looks at him. His eyes are red-rimmed and feverish. He frowns and raises a slightly shaky hand to rub the space between his eyes. “I don’t know. Which is funny, because I’ve been preparing for this since Mary buggered off to Morocco, and I’ve got nothing. The thing is, I can’t even just tell Rosie all the ways she’s like Mary, because I’ve got no idea what she was really like, and what was just an act. Hell, I’m pretty sure she wasn’t even blonde. And anyway, Rosie’s already much more like you than she was ever going to be like Mary, and thank Christ for that.”
“I do see how much you have changed,” Mycroft answers, holding his gaze, his voice unusually gentle, “but I also see how little. Your continued sobriety is commendable. But you still seem to think that I’m morally obligated to fix your problems for you, and that anything you want should be instantly yours without you having to do the work to earn it. If you want to own a bakery, work in one. Wait for the owner to retire, and take over. You can’t have everything you want the second you want it.”
“Grub’s decent, much better than they had at my school,” he says, while helping himself to a large bowl of soup and a slice of bread.
John swallows around the lump in his throat and with it the words on the tip of his tongue. What he wants to say is,
The waiter brings tea and an assortment of refreshments on a three-tiered cake stand and leaves, silently of course.
He flags down a cab, and helps John get Harry into it, then watches as John gets in as well. Their eyes meet as Sherlock gently closes the door behind them, and Sherlock can’t even begin to identify the emotions squeezing at his heart, bittersweet and rich like the best kind of chocolate.
“Good to know you watch my YouTube channel,” he finally says, trying to sound offhand and dismissive.
The clearing is lit by strategically placed torches. The iron pillars that used to hold the bronze mirrors are bent out of shape from the explosion three years ago, and the mirrors are gone. A tripod supports what John supposes must be the Fey'a crystal that powers the Gate. It’s the size of a human head and shimmers in the torchlight. The stone is attached to a pendulum that swings back and forth constantly without stopping and without any source of energy, which John is pretty sure is impossible. There's writing on the floor, in the flowing Feyara script, and directly above it, the air shimmers and ripples, like it does on a hot day when the sun shines on concrete. A barely visible energy beam from the crystal seems to disappear into the void created by the shimmering, rippling field of air.
“Thinks he’s better than the rest of us, he does,” another boy called Anderson inserts. “Posh wanker. Don’t even know what he does here, his parents supposedly own half of Sussex. No idea why he isn’t at home.”
The next morning, over breakfast, Sherlock insults John’s intelligence and his dress sense in under two minutes, and everything is back to normal.
“Care to tell me what in the name of the Great Mother happened to you two?” Magistrate Lestrade asks from the chair next to the one the doctor pointed to.
“All right,” Sherlock agrees, wondering vaguely why John wouldn’t want anyone to know, but not caring enough to ask.
And later, when John takes Sherlock apart with his fingers inside Sherlock and his mouth around Sherlock’s cock, Sherlock isn’t quiet either.
“Sherlock Holmes, John Watson,” Sherlock says, pointing first at himself and then at John. “We’re looking into your friend’s death.”
He sits by her bed and watches her sleep. She’s so out of it that he can check her eyes, like he always does, for the first signs of jaundice.
Silence falls as John tries to think through the implications of everything they’ve just learned. “Does Lestrade know any of this?”
By the time John is released from the hospital, Sherlock has taken up smoking again. On the first day back, John throws out his cigarettes, some moldy bread, the remains of Sherlock’s last experiment, untouched since John got injured, and the entire contents of their refrigerator. When Sherlock complains about the cigarettes, John gives him some biscuits to chew on and a twenty-minute rant about the many ways smoking kills.
It’s just a quick, dry brush of lips against lips, but it makes Sherlock shiver, and of course John feels it, seeing as they’re still pressed together.
To get her to leave him alone, he starts a blog he never writes in. He walks around the city like a ghost.
Sherlock cares about him, but right now, for the first time, he isn't sure that's enough. He was sure before that Sherlock wouldn't try to go home without him, now he thinks maybe he was wrong. And the thought of losing Sherlock
“Good to know they haven’t beaten the smart-arse out of you yet. So, genius, how are you going to get out of here?” John eases himself up from his crouch and looks around the cell.
“I can’t,” John sighs, and Sherlock hears a despair there he’s acutely familiar with, the desperation of the exhausted for whom rest is an unobtainable illusion. “Every time I close my eyes, I see all the people I’ve had to watch dying.” He looks down at the floor. “Every time it starts with my mum, and then goes on, and on, all the people I couldn’t save. Soldiers. And Mary. And you. When you jumped. And when Mary shot you and you almost died on the table. They let me watch from the observation room, did you know that?”
“The coriander is too dominant as well,” Sherlock adds, glad that John is open to criticism. “What is it supposed to be like?”
The loaves are resting on the workbench and the scones are in the oven by the time the front door is unlocked. Sherlock can hear the familiar sound of the shutters opening. The bell over the door dings.
John shifts, settling in. "Are you staying? At least until I fall asleep?" he mutters, sleepy and warm against Sherlock.
John makes a ‘Bah, humbug’ sort of gesture. “I’m not feverish, I’m just hot from lying under the blankets. It’s not like this is the first time either of us has gone into work a bit sick.”
Sherlock shrugs. “Maybe. Chemistry, maybe. Or physics. Mathematics. Maybe all three. And I always dreamed of being able to travel. Paris, Rome, New York, Egypt, you know, a grand tour.”
The judges love the savoury macarons. “Brilliant idea, perfect execution,” Sally enthuses, and the other judges nod.
John cocks his head to his side and watches Sherlock, an unreadable expression on his face. Then he seems to come to a decision and nods. “Why not.”
"That remains to be seen," Sherlock answers, hoping that if he's as rude as he can possibly be to John, he'll go away and leave Sherlock alone to concentrate on preparing.
John walks towards him, and the other bakers form a half circle around the couch where Sherlock is still seated.
Even through the darkness, John recognises her as the Fey’a who led him and Sherlock out of the woods on the day they came here. “Lya?”
Molly walks to the door, then turns around halfway there to look at John. "He doesn't show it, but he feels things deeply, you know."
“Early next year, they haven’t set a date yet.They want to sign the contract by the first of January, though.”
a beautiful wedding. Aside from the whole almost-murder thing and the way he accidentally spilled his heart out in front of dozens of people. In front of Mary, who was watching him with a sort of morbid fascination, the way you can’t look away when people self-immolate. In front of John, who looked like his heart was breaking a little bit every time Sherlock said his name.
Kitty nods, smiling. “Of course. Mrs Higgins, the housekeeper always gave us Land Girls treats on Sundays after church.”
for reference. It's close to the one my wife makes, which inspired John's. It's absolutely delicious, only she uses a vanilla pod instead of vanilla extract.
For the first time in his life, Sherlock has a problem he never thought he’d have. Somebody loves him far more than he knew, or anticipated, or in any way deserves.
“Our last showstopper challenge, I can’t believe it. How quickly time passes. Seems to me we started only yesterday, but the trees are bare, and the air is cold, and there’s only four of you lot left.”
The moment breaks when Sherlock looks down, blushing ever so slightly, obviously embarrassed. “It's just a cake, John.”
Then, after too many hours of bad champagne and tedious small-talk, they finally go into dinner. It’s hot in the tent. The food is fine but a bit on the boring side, but at least they’re seated with the Bake Off crowd, so the conversation isn’t quite as inane as it could be.
He just needs to get through this day. Concentrate on the bake, win, go home, and put some distance between himself and this rather embarrassing encounter.
He grabs his phone and scrolls to his only contact. He hits the call button before he has time to think about it. “Mycroft,” he says when the voicemail beeps. “I need a favour. A big one.”
It’s the constant vigilance, he thinks. The constant danger, the ever present tension. They’re also constantly together. Even when they’re not in the same room, John watches over him. Mostly from afar, from convenient rooftops or empty flats. Sherlock often can’t wear a wire, so John mans the directional microphone and catches the criminals on tape as they spill their plans to Sherlock. It’s oddly reassuring, knowing that John is watching over him. He likes having John’s undivided attention, and he’s had a lot of it. John’s eyes are always on him, even when it’s in the form of an infrared camera.
John sits down where Holmes indicated and checks the time on his dad’s watch. “It’s three in the morning, why are you doing this now?”
“The rules are simple. Every week, our bakers will face a technical challenge, where each of them will prepare a classic recipe, and a showstopper challenge, where they can make whatever they like, as long as it fits with the week’s theme. Every week, the judges will name one Star Baker, and one baker will be sent home. The final three bakers will face each other in the great finale, where our jury will crown the Master Baker.”
When he arrives at home, the pain in his ribs is almost unbearable, so he strips off his jacket and shirt and applies another layer of ointment. Then he lies down on the bed and takes one of the tablets Molly gave him. The pill hits him like a ton of bricks and he falls asleep in spite of everything.
“Agreed. Let’s go back to resentment and badly veiled insults, it suits us much better,” Mycroft replies in his usual acerbic tone, but the small smile that flits over his face doesn’t go unnoticed by Sherlock.
Sherlock could not possibly care less about his own food, but he eats a few chips to keep himself from watching John.
Their eyes meet and suddenly the tension that was there most of the day is back, and Sherlock is aware that they’re alone, and there’s nobody watching them. He takes a step closer to John, and John backs up and pushes the door of his room open with his heel. Sherlock follows, dragging his small carry-on suitcase with him.
John shifts a little and Sherlock unceremoniously crawls into John’s bed and arranges himself next to John so his entire side is pressed against John’s front and John’s head is resting near Sherlock’s shoulder.
Sherlock watches the house in silence and tries to pretend that he isn’t thinking about what Lestrade said.
He sits down, watching over Sherlock’s sleep in the same way he watches over his friend’s life. With the dawn he lets Sherlock’s even breaths lull him into a doze.
Maybe, at the end of the day, that’s the explanation for Sherlock’s continued fascination. That he and John are an unsolvable equation that always has at least one more unknown variable for every one Sherlock identifies, like a problem that evolves in complexity and always answers questions with more questions. Sherlock’s favourite kind of puzzle.
Sherlock looks down at John’s hand still twisting into the fabric of his coat. John follows his gaze and unclenches his fingers from Sherlock’s sleeve.
“How do you forgive something like that?” he asks, looking back up at Mary. “Really, deep down? How do you come back from something like that?”
Billy looks more closely at the corpse’s features, then his face splits into a grin. “Actually, Sherlock,” he interrupts,  “you can pay up right now. I know her.”
Sherlock swallows hard, and John can see his pupils dilating. “All right,” he says, and John’s incredibly smug about the tremor in his voice.
Silence falls. Sherlock turns back to the microscope and changes slides. The pollen they found on the victim’s clothing might be further proof that she was in her brother’s garden shortly before she died.
Sherlock grabs John’s hand to stop him from leaving. “What time is it?” he asks, voice still gravelly from lack of use.
John shrugs. “But unavoidable. You can’t be truly objective about food. You’ll always like some things better than others, for no discernable reason. It’s called taste.”
Now, though. Now Sherlock has solved three cold cases from the files Scotland Yard gives him occasionally to peruse at leisure. He’s developed a formula for a new experiment involving the longevity of blood stains.
First stop, as always, is the baker who sells them day-old sweet buns for a few coppers just before closing.
The forest gets deeper, darker and denser the longer they follow their guides. They see the occasional doe in the distance, rabbits and squirrels, even a wild boar, but it’s still eerily quiet in the woods, life has hushed and is waiting for them to pass to resume its activity. Occasionally, they see odd lights in the distance, and hear a faint whisper, like laughter, in the wind, through the trees. John feels watched by eyes that aren’t exactly hostile, but not precisely friendly either.
The questions were easy to answer: Yes. And he’d rather take a bullet to the brain than endure John’s death.
“Our Twitter interactions are through the roof, mostly because of those two,” Emma points out. “Our market share is increasing by the week. The show is a hit, and while I’m sure it would have been successful without the two of them, this is still good for all of us.”
“What do you want me to say, John?” Sherlock bites back. “It's not like you didn't know what I’m like. You knew from that first night.”
He has a hard time believing that people care about him. But John isn't  "people" and Sherlock has known this for some time.
“I know. But he’s my mentor, he taught me so much, and he’s having a rough time of it with the divorce.”
John smiles at him, fondly amused. “On Tuesday, I asked her to clean her toys off the floor, and she said ‘Boring’ with your exact tone and inflection. And her favourite word is ‘Obviously’. And she scoffs at the notion that sleep is a good thing. Your bad influence.”
“I wouldn’t say anyone knows much about the Fey’a, dear,” Mrs Hudson answers. “Or the ones who live in the Forest, at least. The ones in the city are mostly like everybody else. Why do you ask?”
There’s a spark in Sherlock’s mind that travels through his synapses and sets off a cascade of connections and suddenly a plan crystallises in perfect clarity before his mental eye. “Mycroft,” he breathes. “Don’t lend the money to me. Lend it to Mr Chatterjee.”
They walk in silence for a bit. The park is beautiful in the moonlight, even though it’s November and all the trees and bushes are bare and throw skeletal shadows in the moonlight.
“You have every right to be upset. But believe me that neither of us ever thought the situation was anything other than unfortunate.”
She gestures at the lab. "Because nobody who doesn't work here should hang around this place at 2:30 in the morning."
The click the door makes as it shuts is unnaturally loud to Sherlock’s ears. He looks at John, suddenly nervous, suddenly shy, alone in a room, silent but for the heavy beating of his heart.
Around Ely, John gets hungry, so they stop at a small service station for mediocre sandwiches and bad coffee.
Dusk is falling quickly, and he’s glad of it, because the twilight makes it easier to approach the house without being seen.
“The cake,” John protests, but he follows willingly when Sherlock tugs at his lapels and drags him along.
Life proceeds as usual. They investigate a complicated fraud case, unravel a human trafficking ring and put two of Moriarty’s old henchmen in jail. They’re so busy that John quits his job at the clinic, but he occasionally picks up night shifts at the A&E at Bart’s. Sherlock spends most of these nights in the Bart’s lab and they take the tube back together in the early morning, when it’s still dark and cool and empty, when London seems to belong just to the two of them.
For a long time, they just stare at each other, in a sort of disbelieving limbo, like this is too good to be real and too painful to be good.
Hospital wards are pretty much the same at 2:30 am the world over. John has reason to know. He’s spent more sleepless nights in hospital wards than he cares to remember. As a medical student, a doctor, a patient, a relative. It smells of antiseptics and  bad coffee. The lighting is unflattering and dim. The sounds of snoring and groaning, the beeping of machinery are punctuated by the nurses’ tired tread squeaking on the linoleum floors. The chairs are plastic and uncomfortable.
But chemistry is replicable. A+B is always C. It’s reliable. It’s safe. Like the violin. It’s something he can control. It doesn’t depend on a thousand other factors, it’s just him. If his fingers find the perfect notes, if he measures out the correct amount, the reaction is predictable and entirely his doing.
“What are you baking? It smells amazing.” Mr Chatterjee puts down his mug and looks around curiously.
Kitty looks down at her hands. “We said we didn’t have any money, but he told us he’d collect on the other side. We thought he meant…” she makes a vague gesture at her body, “You know. But he didn’t touch either of us. He just led us through and showed us the way to the city. And then he left us. We thought he’d never come back, we thought he might’ve been a Good Samaritan, but then about three months ago, he suddenly appeared again. He got Vi that cleaning job at the Watch headquarters. He got me the job at the museum.”
Mrs Hudson has died, John inherited the house, sold it, moved away, nobody knows where. The house was razed and there’s an ugly high rise there now, with ugly, modern apartments, huge windows, posh. Hateful, soulless. Cold. Lonely.
“You’re making these up,” Sherlock says, grabbing the phone from John. They’re lounging on John’s bed, the leftovers from dinner taking up space on the mattress. John is dressed in jeans and a jumper and nothing else, and Sherlock is completely naked. John went to the dining room about an hour ago to get them something to eat (‘To get the energy up for round two’, according to John). They’ve been reading the worst comments on their respective social media channels to each other, after Sherlock got an especially aggravating YouTube comment while John was getting the food.
“So, Sherlock,” Mrs Hudson says as she appears at his elbow with the steadicam. “Talk to us. I see you’re making sticky toffee pudding, but what is this?”
John turns to Sherlock. Messy, unruly, obnoxious, blunt to the point of rudeness, impatient Sherlock who calls him an idiot ten times a day. Who just went missing for 24 hours to track down the pickpocket who stole John’s single valuable possession.
John stares at the little cake, stunned speechless. This is the first time Sherlock's even acknowledged his birthday.
“Gotten you drunk, probably,” Sherlock answers, still grinning. It’s a good look on him, this playful joy, and John is proud that he’s the one who put it there.
And here I thought I was a control freak ;-). Now at least I know why you’ve yet to touch your KitchenAid. See you Saturday!
“Even if it was true, and I’m not saying it is, that doesn’t do me a whole lot of good, seeing as he probably isn’t interested anymore.”
But Mycroft insisted. And Sherlock couldn’t properly articulate why he had a bad feeling about all of this, so Mycroft ignored him.
Nobody knows that Sherlock leans into him sometimes, just to brush their bodies together. Nobody suspects that they kiss, sometimes, randomly, for hours, mostly when something’s exploded, or when there’s nothing on TV. Nobody knows that Sherlock would willingly and readily die, kill, steal, and most importantly, lose, for John. Nobody knows that Sherlock occasionally listens to John, that he respects him, that he sometimes plays the violin for hours when John has nightmares, that he values John’s opinion of him, that John
Sherlock closes his eyes and allows himself to sink into his mind palace for a few minutes. Locatelli’s violin concerto in D major is an excellent distraction, so he plays the first movement in his mind, imagining the strings of his violin cutting into his fingertips, the bow moving strong and subtle. It’s notoriously difficult to play, and he loves the ‘harmonic labyrinth’, as the title calls the piece so tellingly.
The kitchen is cool and dark, but Sherlock turns on the light and the oven, and soon he’s hands-deep in flour, kneading bread dough.
“Feverweed, yes, I heard, and I’m not completely stupid.” Sherlock rolls his eyes. He reaches behind him for a vial with a greenish powder. “Try this on one of the sicker ones, you know, one of the ones you think might die.”
Their eyes meet and lock and Sherlock has no idea what to say once more. John doesn’t seem to have any idea, either, so they’re staring at each other in silence for a few seconds.
“Daddy is sick, we can’t leave him alone,” Rosie says, still looking at John with the fearless curiosity that is her most Watson-ish trait.
“Too salty,” John says as he bites into his pasty after finishing one of Sherlock’s. “And the cream cheese is all wrong, the consistency isn’t supposed to be like this.”
“First of all, I refuse to be bound by anything Jim Moriarty did or did not do with this character, as clearly he’s an idiot who has no idea what he’s doing.” He can hear Moran’s sharp intake of breath, but goes on as if he hadn’t noticed. “Playing him as an unrelenting arsehole is boring, which is as we all know the cardinal sin of theatre. Second, I respect the hard work you’ve all put into the play so far, but we have five days before we move to the stage, and that should be more than enough to make adjustments, given that this is pretty much an hour and thirty minutes of people sitting on sofas and being varying degrees of rude to each other.”
John grins back. “Unfortunately no, but I’m not sure how much the croissants really had to do with it, since she eventually went out with my sister.”
John smiles at him, weary and warm. Sherlock smiles back and allows himself to drift again, safe in the knowledge that John won’t let anyone hurt him.
A soft whistle and a flash of an arm lead him to the opposite roof, where Billy’s camped out with a paper bag of parsnip crisps and a bottle of ale.
with him. After weeks and weeks of all but throwing himself at John, finally John is flirting with him, playfully, with that devastating smile he has, with his hair flopping into his face and his black cargo pants and the gaffer tape slung into his belt, and how is this whole breathing thing supposed to work again? “I’ll wear them for you anytime,” Sherlock  says after he finds his breath again.
John smiles, but doesn’t open his eyes. Sherlock stays until he falls asleep. And then he stays a bit longer.
“Careful, I’ve measured the exact amount I need,” Sherlock says, trying his best not to snap at her, and not sure he’s succeeding.
He slides down the bark and John catches him, arranges them so he’s leaning against the tree. Sherlock pulls John in and kisses him, tasting himself on John’s tongue and if he hadn’t just had one of the best orgasms of his life, he would want another round immediately. As it is, he sticks his hand down John’s pants and jerks him off with the same ruthless intensity with which John took him apart just now, all the while kissing him like a starving man. John holds on and kisses back until he can’t anymore, until he deteriorates to panting against Sherlock’s mouth, blown wide open and gorgeous as he comes apart on top of Sherlock.
Most of the contestants laugh, but John’s lips just quirk into a small apologetic smile. “What cake would you have, then?” he asks. “If you could pick one.”
Sherlock doesn’t answer, but gives her a curt nod to show he’s understood, that he’s taking this seriously.
Sometimes it’s making Sherlock eat when he’s about to faint. Sometimes it’s getting him to think twice about something before storming into danger half-cocked. Sometimes it’s flushing cocaine down the loo, or ripping off a fifth nicotine patch, or keeping that tenth cup of coffee out of Sherlock’s reach.
“Kitty,” Sherlock says, very serious and very quiet. “Can you describe the man you made the deal with?”
And if Sherlock sometimes, in the early hours of the morning, when the night’s coldest and the strings of his violin won’t calm the noise in his mind, if he sometimes at this time thinks of that moment when John’s breath hitched, well, nobody needs to know.
Sherlock doesn’t answer immediately, he’s looking down at his pan and experiences an odd warmth from the matter-of-fact tone with which John accepts the reasonableness of Sherlock’s greatest ambition. Everybody else in his life has always reacted with surprised disbelief when Sherlock told them of his plan. John is the first person who seems to be taking this 100% seriously, and who seems to have no doubt that Sherlock is both capable of making this choice and has the ability to see it through. “Money,” he finally answers, after making sure he has his voice under control. “I need capital, and I have very little.”
He’s cold and nearly naked and everything hurts. Blood is running down his back, over his arse cheek, down his right leg.
John gives him a smile that is so blindingly fond that something complicated twists in Sherlock’s stomach. He turns away to hide his answering smile and for the first time he’s actually relieved when he’s called to do a reaction interview.
John sighs and removes his hand again. It almost hurts, losing that contact, but it’s worth it, because John is pulling a piece of paper out of his coat pocket. He adjusts his glasses in a way that makes Sherlock’s heart lurch and scribbles something on the paper. “Here,” he says, and Sherlock takes the digits of John’s new mobile number like the precious gift it is.
Sherlock shrugs, because yes it was, but it doesn’t make anything worse, because it didn’t reveal anything they both didn’t know before. “But only very moderately self-destructive.”
“Then you know,” she whispers, gazing at them wide-eyed. “What else can I tell you? They must’ve brought you here, too.”
“Cupcake challenge,” Sherlock says, then bites into his scone, mostly to stop himself from staring at John. He’s wearing well-fitting jeans and a blue button-down that brings out his eyes, and Sherlock has the ridiculous urge to touch him.
I wasn’t aware that you were the official spokesperson of my “followers”. Was there an election? Or did you just appoint yourself?
He listens for a moment, then interrupts. "I don't care," he hisses, voice low and steely. "We're going home. Make it happen."
It is a bit rude just not to come, though. John might have texted. Sherlock frowns, a bit put out now. It doesn’t seem like John to stand him up without so much as a word.
Sherlock swallows around a sudden lump in his throat, because somehow, that simple statement means a lot to him. Their two hosts have been perfect throughout, lightening the mood, showcasing their strengths, glossing over their weaknesses, mothering all of them indiscriminately, and being consummate professionals all the way through.
John doesn’t even ask for what. He just nods, and follows Sherlock outside into the slowly darkening city.
John smiles at Sherlock over the screen, wishing he could just curl into him and fall asleep like that. "Are you having fun in rehearsal?"
“Thanks, Mary,” John says with a smile, and Sherlock walks out of the room with his sandwich and a cup of tea, a complicated knot of emotions in his stomach.
In the clear, cool, sober daylight, Sherlock sometimes looks at John and tries to see what he saw that night. But John doesn’t look warm and dangerous anymore, even though he is, and he doesn’t seem like the only fixed point in the universe anymore, though Sherlock suspects he still might be.
Reluctantly, Sherlock lets John go, and John nods at the exit. They walk out side by side, and when they reach the sidewalk, John says, “Hey, remember when we got kicked out of a hospital A+E for snogging?”
Sherlock’s in the kitchen when John comes in for supper. His hands are cold and his ears are freezing, but the rest of him is warm with exercise and fun.
Sherlock rolls his eyes, but follows John into the dining room, complaining the entire time. “Really? Food again? Why do people always have to
John wonders briefly what it must be like to be Sherlock, to be relatively rich and well-connected and so brilliant that anything you want is not only materially possible, but one hundred percent achievable. And he also wonders if Sherlock will ever be happy here, in this small world where none of what he just said is possible.
Sherlock turns abruptly and faces him. There’s something searching in his gaze in the dim light of the hallway. “So?”
But then she starts vomiting, and he knows the worst is past, he can put her to bed now and she’ll sleep.
Later, after Sherlock all but pounced on John as he came out of the loo, after a playful wrestling match that turned into passionate snogging that turned into Sherlock fucking John from behind with John’s filthy, wanton moans muffled into Sherlock’s pillow, after John fell asleep, fucked out and spent and relaxed, Sherlock shrugs into his dressing gown and goes downstairs on shaky legs and bare feet. He retrieves the recipe book and sits in his dimly lit kitchen, leafing through the recipes. Sachertorte with jam in the middle - completely unnecessary - the Linzertorte recipe from John’s first showstopper. Vague about jam and flour, but the spice blend is in there, and with precise quantities for once. Sherlock memorises the exact recipe and stores it in the vast recesses of his mind palace, then starts turning the pages again.
But the deduction is easy, given Mike’s current state and John’s family history. “You’re asking yourself what about you makes you a prime target for exploitation by alcoholics.”
Rationally, he knows sitting here isn’t doing anyone any good. Sherlock doesn’t know he’s here. He can’t do anything to help; he needs sleep, a shower and a good meal (in that order), and by now every bone in his body hurts from that goddamned chair.
Sherlock is too overwhelmed to speak. He wants to say that he would die for John a million times in a heartbeat, simply because it would be easier than living with knowing he could have prevented John’s death. He wants to say that if only one of them can live, he will always, always pick John, always. He wants to lie and say, all right. I promise. But the one thing he can do for John is stop lying to him. Because John is right, this
Sherlock laughs, looking over at her. She grins at him, unrepentant and wicked. “How much wine did you have?” he asks.
“When? How?” he asks, voice barely audible, the hollow places inside of him where John used to fit ringing like a bell.
Sherlock says nothing, mostly because he can’t think of anything to say, he only thinks that it speaks to his state of mind that he’s more nervous about this bake than any of the bakes he did on national television.
“Honestly, I think if I survived the arts and crafts nightmares of the last two challenges, I’m good now.”
But John was right. Sherlock isn’t being logical. He’s terrified. Caring isn’t an advantage. Caring destroys people. Caring is trusting another person with your happiness. Caring means you can’t walk away.
“Sherlock? Do you understand a word I’m saying?” John asks, and Sherlock can feel his face move with the words, can feel the vibrations of John’s voice.
“It’s good,” John says, then takes another bite of the mince pie, scrutinising Sherlock closely. “But you don’t like it.”
“Yep. Of course she had no idea what a doughnut was, she sold these as Krapfen to the day she died.”
“Of course I’m tempted! Didn't you hear him? My father is still looking for me,” Sherlock hisses, “ But I have far too little data to form a plan, and I’m not risking our lives on a fraction of a possibility. Satisfied?”
Sherlock clears his throat. “No, it’s... fine,” he says, vaguely embarrassed. “I should...” he points at the bathroom.
Press nights are tedious. After parties are hell. Especially when you’re being shepherded from VIP guest to journalist to benefactor by an over enthusiastic press lady.
Sherlock hums noncommittally. “Well. Not about the filo,” he says, eyes flicking automatically to John, who’s currently forming little crescents out of biscuit dough with a concentrated frown.
Sherlock is still looking at him, his usual intensity amplified, like he wants to x-ray John’s skull. Once again, John feels a rush that’s not unlike jumping off a swing at its highest point. Sherlock Holmes’ undivided attention is oddly intoxicating, and John feels a little light-headed. “By the way,” John says, suddenly remembering. “In case I didn't say, that cake was really good.”
“Of course he’s coming, Sherlock, you know people never say no to me,” she says. “We’ve always gotten along splendidly, so I didn’t even have to try that hard. Whatever you’ve done to that boy, Sherlock, you had better try your damndest to make up for it.”
For all of the above reasons, he expected to like having a flatmate. He didn’t, however, expect to like his flatmate.
John winds his hands into Sherlock’s hair and pulls him back so he can look Sherlock in the eyes. He’s searching Sherlock’s face like he’s looking at something, but when Sherlock’s fingers trail over his cock through his jeans, his eyes darken and he says, “Fuck it. Can’t get any worse,” and kisses Sherlock until Sherlock forgets to ask what he meant by that.
For a moment, Sherlock allows himself to lean into it. She smells of chamomile soap and the flowery perfume she wears for special occasions. Her arms around him are surprisingly strong. “You will make him happier,” she whispers, and Sherlock lets her go, gently, kisses her on the forehead.
“I’ll like the one that’s made the most competently the most,” Sherlock says, and he can see John’s small smile.
Sherlock thanks him with a nod, but doesn’t turn around. He starts playing again, and it’s the usual distracted, absent fiddling John is used to. There’s something definitely off about Sherlock, but he has no idea what it might be.
Mycroft looks at his hand for a long time, then takes it and shakes it, firmly and sure. “I know I won’t.” He hesitates briefly. “What are you going to do about John Watson?”
John shrugs. “Let him.” He looks steadily at Sherlock, and Sherlock feels this entirely unfair warmth in his stomach. “We know the truth.”
“We’re low priority,” Sherlock says, shrugging out of his coat and bundling it up to make a cushion, then sitting down on the floor, leaning his back against the wall. “We’re not injured, and it’s far too much work to crank the lift manually to the ground floor to get us out. Once the power goes back on, we’ll be fine.”
“Fine.” Sherlock schools his features into something resembling thoughtful nostalgia. “I liked baking as a child with my nanny, and after getting a Master’s in chemistry, I began studying the chemical process behind baking. When I discovered that people know next to nothing about the chemical reactions behind the simplest of recipes, I started my YouTube channel.” He turns to Emma. “Is that enough?”
The woman at the workstation on John’s other side stifles a giggle, and John smiles brightly at her. She’s blonde and calm and seems to be a moderately competent baker, judging by her orderly workstation and the fact that she’s not watching every moment of her pie in the oven like some of the others. John isn’t watching his pie either, apparently confident that he knows how long it needs to bake for.
“She was pregnant,” Sherlock points out, for the ten thousandth time, and it annoys him that he has to talk John into forgiving Mary even now that she’s dead.
“Nah, you’re not drunk at all,” John says, dragging Sherlock into the flat, where they collapse on the sofa in a graceless heap.
To his surprise, his co-contestants laugh, and talk switches from baking to weird social media comments. Neither Irene nor Janine bring up the comments they left on John’s blog, but he can feel both of them watching him as John absently leans his head on Sherlock’s arm when he gets tired.
“I’m still angry, you know,” John says quietly, gently running a hand over Sherlock’s back when Sherlock tries to move. “I’m still angry, and I probably will be for a long time. But there are two things I want you to remember. First, no matter how angry I was, there was never a second when I wasn’t deliriously happy to see you at the same time. And second, I don’t think you’re bad for me. Not any worse than I am for you, anyway. We’re both enablers of each other’s worst traits and neither of us is good at balance. When we’re in a bad place, we’re horrible for each other. But when we’re good, we’re amazing. We’re fantastic. And we’re very often very good together. So it’s worth it.”
“In a minute,” John pants, voice unsteady with desire, eyes dark, hair mussed from Sherlock’s kneading hands.
“That was a very unfortunate turn of events. We didn’t actually plan on you being there. But it worked out rather well.”
Now for some family history: John’s gran is based very loosely on my great-aunt, who went to England in the mid-thirties to work there as a maid for a rich family on their country estate (think Downton Abbey). When the war broke out, she returned to Austria, because the British government wanted to put her into a detention camp for Axis power citizens. The entire family was like, ‘Are you crazy? You're coming BACK to Nazi-occupied Austria?’ and agreed that she should have stayed where she was, and who knows what would have happened if she had. Maybe she would have met a handsome, charming Scot in London, and maybe she would’ve opened a bakery that leaned heavily into her Viennese heritage. Who knows…
Sherlock shrugs, looking only slightly abashed. “I was only going to have a look around. He caught me a few hundred metres from the house. He knew I was coming and he was waiting for me.”
And for a split second, John thinks of that day with relief. Because then it will finally be over, and he won’t have to watch her self-destruct anymore.
It all starts like this: Six years ago he made a mistake. Lust isn’t love. But love isn’t lust, either. He thought he would have John, get it out of his system, and then get bored and move on, like it had always been before. But having John only made him want him more, paradoxically, and the more John gave of himself to Sherlock, the more of him Sherlock wanted. And what surprised him the most was that not only did he want to have John, he also wanted John to have him, to claim him and consume him and ruin him for other people. And John did, thoroughly. And Sherlock loved every second of it and never wanted to come up for air.
The judges all stare at Moriarty as if he’s lost his mind, and most of the crew start shifting uncomfortably. “Are you honestly suggesting,” Moran starts, and his voice is deceptively calm, but anyone can see a tell-tale vein throb on his forehead, “that this panel is influenced by anything other than the quality of the baking presented to them?”
For a moment, his finger hovers over the call back button. He can still say no. He hasn’t signed anything. He can still back out. He should. He made a choice six years ago not to let emotion get in the way of making himself the best actor he can be.
He’s smoking his second cigarette of the day and he’s unabashedly waiting for John. He’s got his hotel key in his pocket, but he knows the chances of him actually making it to his room tonight are less than fifty-fifty.
“Good night, John,” Sherlock answers around the lump in his throat, and he is so very, very tempted to forget all of his good intentions and pull John in, kiss him, take him back to Sherlock’s cold, empty hotel room, mess his sheets up as thoroughly as they’ve messed up each other, fall asleep with a warm, constant weight at his back. Wake up in the early morning, look over at John, say the words, finally.
Moriarty leans down and lowers his voice, nearly whispering into John’s ear. “What does it feel like, being used and tossed aside by the world’s most mediocre baking influencer? How does it feel, getting shagged as clickbait?”
“And if I’m not?” John asks, not bothering to keep the worry out of his voice. He knows Sherlock is well aware of his anxieties, and that they haven’t made him easy to live with during the last eight months. John feels a bit guilty about that, because Sherlock has been as unemployed as John. Worse, even, because while many stage crew were sent on furlough, most actors were dismissed outright. Sherlock has been doing some voice work, but mostly keeps busy with his experiments and his violin. But Sherlock doesn’t seem to miss the theatre with the all-consuming hollowness John has been experiencing. John knows that’s because acting is what Sherlock does for a living, it’s not who he is. But John is a stage manager. It’s an intrinsic part of his identity. Without it, without his crew and his actors and without the whirling machinery of a working theatre company around him, relying on him to keep it running, he’s been a bit lost.
And he made so many with John. Giving into that strange magnetic pull between them. Then coming back for more after that first time. Inviting John into his kitchen. His sitting room, his bed, his YouTube channel, his life. His heart.
He sinks down to his knees between John’s thighs and leans down to mouth at John’s cock through his clothes. John makes an absolutely divine sound, something between a moan and a growl. John’s fingers wind in Sherlock’s hair, and John pushes his hips up to meet Sherlock’s teasing exploration. “Oh god yes,” he moans, and Sherlock grins.
Lestrade waves him off. “No, why would you? If anything you say is remotely true, you thought you might get home this way.” He sighs. “But I think you sprung a trap that might have been meant for you, and it might not be.”
Janine smirks. "Yes, and first, you're in a good financial situation right now, second, I know how banks think, and third, you can absolutely use your trust fund as collateral, because I'm pretty sure we can get your brother to give up control over it."
Sherlock turns around. It’s far, far too early for John to be here, it’s barely light outside. The tent is dark, empty and cold. John is wearing a striped jumper, jeans and an expression that is somewhere between amused and wary.
Sherlock huffs a laugh under his breath and feels some of the tension dissipate. “That remains to be seen.”
The thing is, John has always been a walking contradiction. The things he thinks he wants and the things he actually wants, and the things he thinks he should want, are in constant conflict. John wants adventure and excitement, yes, but he also wants a normal, steady person who can show him affection without inhibition, who will go to dinner and shopping and to the theatre and the movies and to take walks and fall asleep in front of the telly with him.
“It’s not your bloody job to protect me, for fuck’s sake,” John growls. “I’m a grown man, I can make my own bloody decisions. I have a mind of my own, I am a person of my own, I’m not a fucking pawn. You only ever tell me half of what’s going on. You don’t tell me you’re going to drug my pregnant wife, you don’t tell me you plan to murder my wife’s supposed blackmailer, you
Sherlock swallows and tries not to panic as everything he’s worked for goes up in smoke. “When?” he asks, proud that his voice isn’t shaking nearly as much as the rest of him is.
John shrugs and looks into the oven. “They smell good, but I think I’ll head right to bed. It was a long night.”
The doctor fetches needle, thread and fresh bandages and something yellowish that looks like antiseptics. “Some Fey’a medicines have funny side effects for humans, so I’m taking their ointment off, also this will heal more neatly if I stitch it up. I won’t lie, this will hurt,” she says gently to Sherlock.
For a moment, he catches his reflection in the mirror as he washes his face. He looks like a ghost, even more than he normally does. He combs a hand through his hair and decides he might as well try for a shower.
Sally sighs. “Poor Mitzy. I still think the best part of the story is how Mike argued with our accountant whether the mouse was a prop or a performer.”
He doesn’t exactly know why he’s sitting here, at the sleek, modern, entirely soulless bar of this sleek, modern, entirely soulless wellness hotel. Mostly, it’s because he doesn’t know what else to do. Oh, he could go up to his room and answer YouTube or Instagram comments, or write a blog post. But he’s feeling a bit antsy, like there’s a surplus of energy running through his body right under his skin, and he doesn’t know how to get rid of it. Or he does know, but that door has closed firmly behind him.
“I'm Lya, this is Shae,” the fairy answers. “We will take you to the edge of the Faedorn. The rest we leave to your elders to decide.”
“No,” is what he finally says after what feels like an eternity of silence. “I’m… I don’t want that. Clean break, we agreed.”
Two years, and all that time he was so homesick, and now that he's back, he has to live with the fact that the home he was sick for is gone.
Sherlock should have researched this. He picked the cafe carefully, right in the middle between Victor’s place of employment and Baker Street. Neutral, new. He should also have googled how you greet an awkward ex.
They stop at a crossroad. The road leads slightly downwards, and they’re standing on a bit of a precipice. The silence is absolute. Occasionally, a car drives by, but then it’s quiet again. They stand there and look out into the night for a few quiet minutes. Then John reaches out without looking at Sherlock and winds their fingers together. Sherlock’s heart does a curious little flip, and his breath catches in his throat, just for a tiny moment.
“You never got any lollipops after you had your flu shots as a kid, did you?” John asks with a teasing grin, and Sherlock smiles back, caught in the easy, friendly teasing. He can’t remember the last time anyone smiled at him like this. He feels warm all over.  Must be the wine.
The judges withdraw to think, and Molly walks over to John to try the turnovers. Sherlock starts cleaning up and listens with one ear as Molly praises John’s dessert, watching John as he leans against his workstation and explains the recipe to Molly. He’s wearing soft-looking jeans and a checkered button-down that Sherlock has seen him wear often enough that he considers it a favourite. It’s cotton, but the fabric is worn and soft and feels almost like flanel, and Sherlock knows this because he’s peeled John out of that shirt on several separate occasions. And he’s probably never going to do that again.
Sherlock grins back and hands John the racket and the ball. “You realise a pumpkin doesn’t have the same qualities as a human body, right?” John asks as he positions himself.
Slowly, sanity returns, and John draws back to look at Sherlock, torn between embarrassment and amusement. “Yeah, that was stupid.”
“Then what else happened? You said yourself there was no evidence of violence. How did somebody force her to drink poison?”
“Ask him,” Janine says, and it’s only after Neela has wailed his name and repeated the question that he realises Janine was referring to him.
him, that Sherlock wants him, as unbelievable as it is at times. “I wasn't sure of you, then. I wasn’t sure of anything back then.”
John smiles a little, then cocks his head and looks at him searchingly, apparently trying to figure out if Sherlock is telling the truth. He takes a deep breath and says, slowly, obviously picking his words very carefully, “The last few days, I sometimes had the feeling that you were… enjoying yourself, for lack of a better word.”
He runs down the stairs and almost collides with an oddly dressed woman he recognises as a member of Sherlock’s homeless network.
Sherlock separates eggs and hands the egg whites to Mr Chatterjee, who’s been watching him bake with badly concealed nostalgia. “Could you beat these? That would be very helpful.”
Fifteen minutes pass, and John’s tea goes cold, before Mary returns. She sets the empty bottle down next to the sink and retakes her chair opposite John.
Sherlock hides his face in his pillow to muffle his laughter. “Yours,” he finally gasps out. “I think.”
John lies there, panting and shivering, obviously miserable and unwilling to admit it. He cracks an eye open and fixes Sherlock with a glare. “I hate you.”
The jurors then grow serious again and eliminate Mike, which surprises nobody except Janine, who clearly thought she was going home today.
Slowly, they get up and brush the dirt from their clothes. John still feels a little shaky, but steadier now.
“This isn’t good,” John whispers, walking closer to Sherlock and suppressing the urge to grab Sherlock’s hand.
Finally, clothes are flying left and right and John tackles Sherlock to the bed, grabbing his hands and pinning them to the mattress next to Sherlock’s head. Sherlock’s looking at him like he’s the most brilliant human being in existence, and John’s heart is so full he can’t help himself. “I love you, you know,” he says softly, looking down at Sherlock, half-naked and wide-eyed and happy.
There’s nothing to say to that, at least nothing Sherlock would ever consider saying out loud, so he lets a comfortable silence sink and concentrates on driving them back home.
Molly pads out of the guest room in socked feet, wrapped in a fluffy blanket. She smiles at him and hugs him, and John rests his head on her shoulder for a second, letting himself be comforted by her uncomplicated affection.
Sherlock shrugs, and doesn’t tell John everything he deduced about John’s relationship with his sister. Judging from the phone she gifted him with, and the comments she leaves on his blog, she’s a drunk who’s getting a divorce, who loves John and resents him about equally, whose relationship to John is close but contentious, as it would be between addict and sober sibling. He doesn’t tell John how right he is, because he and Mycroft used to be the addict and the sober sibling, and in a way they very much still are.
He looks over the cakes, all competently and expertly made, and acknowledges that Molly’s coffee cake and Irene’s dark chocolate are the superior bakes. They’re lighter, more professional, better balanced, more difficult.
Sherlock suddenly finds himself grinning at his brother, and he feels an old weight he wasn’t even aware of anymore lifted from his shoulders as Mycroft grins back. “Much better.”
“That’s not the point, and you know it,” John snaps, irritated by Sherlock’s brazen attitude and by the pain in his ribs.
John is wearing loose pyjama pants and a ratty t-shirt. His hair is sticking up in unruly tufts. There’s a pillow crease over his face.
He smells like violin rosin and fresh air, like Mrs. Hudson’s laundry soap and Molly’s grain coffee, chemicals and lavender oil.
The stones are gone. In their place are ancient tree-stumps. Metal rods holding oval bronze mirrors are placed in a perfect circle around the place they're standing in. Each of the mirrors reflects sunlight directly onto them. Around them, there's a circle of metal embedded in the earth, edged with what looks like writing in a script John doesn't even have a name for. The forest has changed, too, it’s lighter, wilder, younger, the clearing is larger and yet softer, more natural-looking, less man-made.
So this is the source of the bad mood. Frustration. “Sherlock, it was dark. The trees and under-brush are dense.”
“So I’ve creamed the butter and the sugar with the vanilla,” John says into the camera, holding the bowl up. “Now I’m adding the chocolate, and obviously I’ve let this cool a bit, otherwise the butter and the sugar will melt into the chocolate, and we don’t want that. At least not now. So. Next step, eggs. Five eggs, and if you’re thinking, gosh, that’s a lot of eggs, well, yes, it is.”
The door opens and an elderly matron welcomes them in. They’re ushered into the kitchen and into chairs, where bowls of steaming soup are placed before them, with soft, brown bread and actual butter. John eats happily, and even Sherlock tucks in, while Mr Lestrade fills in the elderly lady, whose name, they learn, is Mrs Hudson.
“Shut up and say that again,” John says, and he sounds irritated, but his eyes are shining and he’s smiling ever so slightly, like something amazing is about to happen.
In a way, they’re perfectly matched. She’s clever and ruthless, but not completely without any moral compass whatsoever. She’d keep him on his toes, always scheming and crossing and double-crossing, adventure and crime, yes, but high-stakes, victimless, bloodless, high-gain, a constant balancing act between just far enough and too far. Never bored. Never settling for anything less than the best he can do.
John turns towards Sherlock, curls his body around the space where Sherlock is sitting. His knees are touching Sherlock’s thigh. He doesn’t move them, and Sherlock doesn’t stir. “Thank you,” he mutters.
He hits send without thinking, because whatever else is going on, John deserves to know. Moreover, he wants John to know. John will be happy for him, genuinely, for no other reason than that John cares about him and wants good things for him, no matter if these good things include John or not.
“Tomorrow,” Sherlock answers, keeping his voice quiet, soothing, rubbing her back, fervently hoping that by tomorrow morning, she’ll have forgotten about this line of inquiry. So far, she has shown little curiosity about her mother, and he fervently hopes it will stay this way until she’s old enough to understand some of the complexities involved.
There’s no finesse involved when he unceremoniously unzips John’s trousers and frees John’s cock. It’s hot and hard in his hand and Sherlock keeps his eyes on John as he leans down and licks a long stripe up the length of it.
The milk has gone off again, so he gets breakfast at Speedy’s next door. Mr. Chatterjee doesn’t even ask him for his order anymore, just hands him two scones and a cup of coffee on sight. The fact that every vendor in walking distance of the theatre knows his order on sight and he doesn’t even remember where the nearest Tesco from his flat is says some things about his life he isn’t that comfortable thinking about.
Most of the other bakers close oven doors roughly at the same time as him. John’s is already in the oven. He smiles when Sherlock looks over, looking a little flushed, but there’s a sparkle in his eyes that Sherlock recognises, it’s the knowledge of a job well done.
He holds Sherlock’s searching gaze and feels that thing again, the lightning-crackle-falling-slowly thing, only this time it travels down his entire body, shivering through him down to his toes, leaving an odd warmth in its wake.
“Plenty, but nothing that we can do anything about right now, so I can tell you after breakfast, if you prefer.”
John fists a shaking hand in Sherlock’s lapels and pulls him in, then stops him talking by pressing their lips together. It’s hard and fast and fierce. “I’m not,” he pants against Sherlock, “leaving without you. Ever.”
John can’t sleep. He’s exhausted beyond the capacity for rational thought, his entire body hurts with it, but he can’t sleep.
He spends time with the other boys, too, playing rugby or football, and they often tease him for being friends with the oddball Holmes, but John doesn’t care, because even listening to Sherlock complain about how John is tedious for finding another rat skull is still the most interesting conversation he’s ever had.
Sherlock lets John manhandle him, clean him up and pull him down until he’s slumped against John again, his head resting on John’s shoulder, John’s fingers carding through his hair.
Sherlock doesn’t know what to say to this, because highly unusual could be interpreted in several ways. “I’m not boring, at least.”
He turns around and leans against the counter, looking at Sherlock with a carefully neutral expression. “Nice kitchen.”
Emma the contestant handler is stuffing her face with Molly’s loaf. “He was born and raised in a council estate in Belfast,” she says, voice muffled by bread. “This is excellent, Molly.”
“Well, the Norman French…” Sherlock starts, but Mrs Hudson interrupts him. “See what you started?” she says to Mrs Turner. “We’re a baking show, not a linguistics programme. We will never settle this debate. Now John,” she continues, turning her back to Sherlock and Mrs Turner. “Tell me what you’re baking.”
There’s nothing to say to that, because John isn’t entirely sure how to put into words how difficult it was to forgive Sherlock, and how easy. Essentially, Sherlock did what he did to save lives. There’s no way to spin what Mary did as anything other than purely selfish panic.
John clamps a hand over Billy’s mouth, completely sure he doesn’t want to hear the rest of that sentence. Billy laughs against his hand, and when John removes it, he laughs even more.
He hasn’t seen Sherlock since he regained consciousness after they dug him out of the fire. He only got a short glimpse of him, leaning against a tree, pale and drawn and looking about as done in as John feels right now.
Sherlock pulls out a locket, a sheaf of papers and a British identity card. The locket is clearly Violet’s, the people inside clearly her mother and father. The British identity card tells them nothing they didn’t already know or have any use for.
“It’s out of bounds,” John reminds Sherlock, but they both know he’s just protesting so he can blame Sherlock later when they get into trouble, which they most certainly will.
He gets off Sherlock and goes into the bathroom. Sherlock does as he’s told, shedding the rest of his clothing, all the while wondering what John is doing. When John comes back, he’s equally naked and hiding something behind his back.
“Something like that,” Sherlock says, not really paying attention to the conversation anymore, because Jim Moriarty is making his way towards his station.
“No, they’re not,” John says, getting up from the tree stump he’s sitting on. “Come on, let’s try to go back to the city. I’m freezing.”
Under the fluorescent hospital lights John looks like he’s been dragged through a wringer. Sherlock watches John’s face, his worried, tired, very blue eyes, and isn’t capable of saying anything at all, because somehow they always end up here, him in a hospital bed and John worried, and if he was a better man, he’d ask John to leave, to walk away, to find a safer life, a safer person. But he isn’t a good man, and he doesn’t want John to leave, ever, and so he says nothing, and John doesn’t leave Sherlock’s hospital room until Sherlock does, too.
Mrs Turner turns to the camera and says, “You heard it here first, Britain. This handsome doctor star baker is still on the market. So, girls, and apparently boys, what are you waiting for?”
“What are you doing tomorrow?” Molly asks, fiddling with her apron. “I think my bake might be shit.”
They move on with palpable regret, but there’s work to be done, and it needs doing if they ever want to go home again.
Moriarty’s cake is objectively stunning. The outside is a beautiful watery blue and the inside shows several multicoloured fish. The judges think it tastes bland  - Donovan especially criticises the lack of strong flavour - but they still praise his design. Moriarty walks away looking even more smug than he already did.
“Great! Thank you so much, Sherlock, you’re a lifesaver! I’m afraid we can’t pay you nearly as much as you’d be used to by now.”
When John wakes up, the sun is shining into his eyes, his head aches, his throat is dry and he feels like he played rugby and collided with the entire opposing team.
He’s sure about absolutely nothing else right now, but Sherlock alive means he can go about sorting out the rest of it later. Once he gets some sleep.
He’s unpleasantly surprised when he finds both his brother and John in the kitchen, having a rather serious staring competition.
She sits down next to him on the small windowsill he’s perching against. For a moment, they smoke together in silence. Then she looks at him clinically. “So why did you really come to me last night?”
Sherlock pauses and puts down the violin, carefully. “He said I would regret it. Sooner or later. I would regret the missed opportunity, and I would resent you for it. It would poison us, he said. The knowledge that I made myself less by staying with you.”
John finally, finally looks over at him as if only now becoming aware that he’s there. He smiles a bit, a humourless smirk of the fellow creature. “What do you do, when you get that urge?”
“Maybe he was right,” he whispers against Sherlock’s back, pressing a kiss to a sharp shoulder blade.
“They’re not all the same,” Sherlock says, getting up and brushing the lint from the floor from his trousers. He gestures at the work stations. “This one’s oven takes one entire minute longer to get to 180. These three are too close to the tent flaps. Every time somebody opens one, the temperature fluctuations will interfere with yeast dough. These are too close to the lights, ice cream will melt faster, as will anything chilled, or any delicate decoration. This station is the one with the least amount of temperature fluctuation, and the fastest heating oven. The only drawback was the fridge, and I’ve remedied that flaw. Now if you want to go tattle on me, you are free to do so, otherwise please leave me alone, I’ve got work to do.”
Sherlock doesn’t answer, just nods, reluctantly conceding the point. For a while, neither of them speaks, but the silence isn’t uncomfortable.
Sherlock looks directly into the camera and smiles. “Come by and find out. And follow me on Instagram for updates on the opening date.”
“Oh my god,” John mutters, looking over at Sherlock, whose expression shows the same awe John feels.
“This is amazing,” John says under his breath, gazing from a Roman helmet and spear to a cloth that seems to be marked with Celtic runes. “He found all of this around here?”
John holds up a hand. “You know what, you're right. So do what you want. Nobody cares about me anyway.”
He knows it will only go downhill from here. He’s given up hope that she’ll ever stop drinking. Three times in rehab, a loving, supportive wife and all the therapy money can buy, and they always end up here, John alone at her bedside, making sure she won’t choke on her own vomit. It’s always the same circle. And she’s never, ever, grateful, or sorry. She won’t be sorry, or grateful, or anything other than defiant and bloody-minded until the day she dies of liver failure, in some hospital, possibly mentally so far gone she won’t even recognize John.
Slowly, he sits up and tries to make sense of his surroundings. He’s lying on mossy ground under a young, slim tree right at the edge of the tree line of the Forest. In the distance he can see the smoke rising from Temera’s many fires, and the farmland that surrounds the city. It’s a lovely day, sunny and mild.
Sherlock reaches out and entwines nervously trembling fingers with John’s. John gives his hand a reassuring squeeze, and Sherlock knows, in that moment, that he made the right decision. “Oh,” he says with an irrepressible smile. “I think I’ve already won.”
“Ah,” John says and smiles. “Yes. That’s completely true, of course. It’s the thing that truly separates amateurs from professionals.  Consistent quality.” He carefully rolls out his scone dough and takes a knife out of a drawer to cut it into squares.
John is warm and he smells good, and his bed is comfortable. He’s also fast asleep, and Sherlock is severely tempted to close his eyes and let John’s even breathing, the warmth of him, lull him into sleep as well.
I know it’s too much to ask for you to actually weigh your ingredients, but a ballpark figure would help your readers immensely. Even ‘a handful’, however imprecise, would be better than just ‘add raisins’. I’m performing a public service here, standing up for the confused multitude of your followers.
John describes the recipe in some detail, and he includes a lot of pictures he obviously didn’t take himself, because he’s in a lot of them.
Finally, it’s Harry, who’s obviously drunk, who speaks up for the non-physicians at the table by yelling, “Enough already! Let’s cut the bloody cake before the rest of us fall asleep!”
Their eyes meet, and Sherlock suddenly realises he’s done waiting. He reaches out and traces a finger over the soft ridge of John’s left ear. It feels just about as divinely good as he thought it would. “Sunburn,” he says, softly.
Mike gestures them out of the door to end the discussion. “If you say so. Now, to the important bit: rugby or football?”
She immediately starts checking over Sherlock’s wounds. “What happened?” she asks briskly but not unkindly.
The other two judges agree, and Sherlock thanks them graciously, carrying his cake back to his workstation, hoping that he can get out of here soon. There is no doubt in his mind that he’s going to win, because honestly, who else are they going to give it to. Now he just wants them to announce it so he can go home.
John looks at Sherlock for a long time, searching, letting his eyes trace over Sherlock’s face as if looking for something. “You’re so lovely,” John finally says, voice soft and fond. He tucks a curl from Sherlock’s face and it’s almost physically painful, how obvious it is that John loves him. It twists through Sherlock like a corkscrew, trying to extract something essential.
John nods again, into the darkness, at nothing in particular, but by the way some of the tension goes out of him, Sherlock knows he’s said the right thing. At least for this moment.
John looks at him thoughtfully, and Sherlock’s smile fades. He puts a chip in his mouth and chews slowly, all the while watching Sherlock with that appraising look.
"Three days, and you'll be home for two weeks. And then it's just four more months," John says, glad that he sounds more confident than he feels.
John nods and closes his eyes. His voice sounds drowsy when he says, “Why not? I’ve heard crazier ideas.”
The rest of the cast rise to their feet, and John straightens from where he was slouching against the doorframe of the kitchen.
The shattered-glass sound was a vase - John didn’t know they owned one - that fell to the floor in the kitchen.
Sherlock isn’t hungry, but he does want a cigarette. Badly. So he bums one from a sound tech and smokes it behind the catering tent. The nicotine settles him, and the familiar bite of the smoke and the feel of the cigarette against his lips grounds him and brings him back to himself a bit. He’s felt oddly outside of himself since he woke up in John’s bed this morning and discovered that he had no desire to leave.
Sherlock moans and bucks up against John, already hard and desperate and wanting. “Touch me,” he whispers. “Please.”
. If food were a mere ‘A+B, heat, eat’, then baking wouldn’t exist. The mere existence of baking means that food is more than just chemistry.”
John enters without knocking and helps himself to some of the grain coffee Molly always brews first thing in the morning. By mid-day, it’s usually almost gelatinous, but if you add a little water, it’s a damn sight better than nothing.
It’s nearly dark outside, and it’s cold. He finishes his cigarette and grinds it into the gravel with his heel. Still he hesitates. This is getting ridiculous, it’s cold and wet and disgusting out here, the rubbish bins smell and the wall he’s leaning against is damp.
Sherlock wakes in a nondescript hospital room. He’s curled on his side to take pressure off his bandaged back, and he hurts everywhere.
Sherlock looks up from his phone, confused. “What?” Then he realises that John thinks the workstation next to him is occupied, and he quickly says, “No, I….”
“I-" she hesitates just for a second. “I wanted to ask you to leave him alone,” she finally blurts out. “You don’t know what it was like, when you were - well, when we thought you were dead.”
“I know, I know, and I’m sorry, really, if I could go back and think of something else to do I would, but I can’t, he was too clever and he knew that I love you, that I'd do anything to save you, and I knew you’d be angry with me, but I had to keep you safe, I had to, anything else was unacceptable,” Sherlock answers, and he hates himself a little for babbling, but he's desperate and he doesn't even care that much that it shows.
John gives him a quick, barely perceptible nod and takes a sip of his tea, leaning back in his chair. He’s trying to look relaxed, but his body language is tense.
Sherlock’s chocolate sauce gets high praise, and his profiteroles are the fluffiest, and the ones with the most perfect hollow inside. Irene, John and Molly all delivered perfect batches as well. Neela’s are doughy, and Janine’s collapsed in the oven. Moriarty takes the win for the best overall combination of taste, texture and sauce. He’s incredibly smug about it, grinning at Sherlock in an infuriatingly superior way, but John grabs his sleeve and says, “Come on, I’m hungry, let’s go have dinner.”
Sherlock turns around and gestures between them. “I told you, nothing happening here. It was fun, it’s over. You’re just a distraction I can’t afford. Case in point, I lost today, and I really shouldn’t have. So go away, and leave me alone.”
John loses all sense of time and space as they walk, seemingly endlessly, through trees and fog, and more trees and more fog. He’s long since abandoned any pretence that he’s got any idea where they’re going, and he knows Sherlock’s just as lost. And still they wander, and John feels a bit like he’s trapped in a nightmare, like he’s doomed to walk, and walk, and never stop.
He turns back and goes into the sitting room, then he crosses to his chair and sits down, angling so he can look at Sherlock.
The room is large and cosy and very obviously Mr. Musgrave’s study. Books and maps litter every surface, and the walls are covered in untidy bookshelves.
“Thank you,” Sherlock says. “See?” He rounds on Sally, who has followed him into the green room and is glaring at him in a way John is very familiar with from countless reactions to Sherlock from cast and crew alike. It’s the
John closes his eyes for a moment, trying to summon some patience. “Has it occurred to you, in your genius brain, that I’m your friend and I worry about your well-being?”
“Mine’s even worse,” Irene says with a self-deprecating grin. “Store-bought sponge, strawberries, jelly. Five minutes to deliciousness. My parents can’t bake for shit, so that was my birthday cake until I was sixteen and made my own.”
His mind replays the scene from the kitchen endlessly, Mrs Hudson’s words, explaining, gently, “It’s always the same story. The Fey'a (that's what they call themselves, you know, fairies is quite impolite) one day discovered that there are places where the walls between the worlds are thin, and they discovered how to travel through the mists into our world. And sometimes, people from our world stumble over one of the ancient doorways they built. So there’s been a steady influx of humans from England into this part of Dera - that’s what the Fey'a call this world - for the last few millennia. Many came in times of crisis, like the Saxon conquest, the Norman conquest, religious persecution. The last group that came were fleeing a disease that had killed many people. One of their number had been to Dera as a child and led the others here, with the help of some of the Fey'a. The problem was that feeding and clothing 300 people who showed up out of nowhere was a logistical burden on everybody, so the Magistrate at the time agreed with the Midnight Queen - that’s the Fey'a ruler -  to close the Gate. So I wonder why you are here.”
John opens the door to their flat and predictably stills. Sherlock doesn’t look at him yet, closes his eyes to focus on the sounds he makes. It’s interesting how sometimes John can pull Sherlock’s entire attention to himself without doing more than stepping into a room.
John sighs and looks at him searchingly. “Look,” he says, gently, “if you genuinely don’t want to do it because it doesn’t interest you artistically, I won’t mention it again. But don’t turn down opportunities like this because of me. That’s not a strategy for long-term happiness.”
He wants to eat that voice, wants to swallow it down so it will vibrate in his body, too, not only in John’s. He tugs and moves, and then he’s kissing John, biting at his lips and his mouth, trying to pull that voice out of John’s body and into his own. John tastes like worry and anger and bad coffee, like violence and thunder and gunpowder. John’s breath hitches, his lips quiver, a small moan escapes him, a tiny little sound Sherlock feels down to his toes. It’s entirely, bone-shakingly perfect.
He nods to Mrs. Hudson gratefully and walks the short distance to Baker Street school. He would really like to wash first, but when he sees his bed, he just collapses on it and falls asleep immediately.
“You think he’s pissed that we didn’t ask him to be a judge?” John asks, and the tension dissipates as some people chuckle.
“Please don’t make me repeat myself, John, you know how much I hate it,” Sherlock says, trying to sound normal, knowing he sounds gutted.
Sherlock doesn’t even look up from his perusal of the rabbit’s lungs. “Obvious,” he says, absently, then mutters, “Rat poison maybe?”
“I don’t have a boyfriend either, just for the record,” John says, darting a side glance at Sherlock.
For a moment, silence falls as everybody eats their pizza. It’s mediocre, but it’s warm and the garlicky bite is a welcome relief from the smell of sugar and cinnamon from earlier today.
John and Sherlock turn as one to Moriarty, who’s standing in front of the judges and is practically vibrating with fury. “I’m a better baker than John Watson even when I’m sleepwalking. You’re letting your obsession with their stupid flirting cloud your judgement.”
“This is a surprise, I must say,” Mycroft says after they’ve been led, silently of course, into the guest room of the Diogenes Club. Sherlock hasn’t been here in years, and it’s still as pompously over-ostentatious as he remembers, but he does understand the need for absolute silence for a mind like Mycroft’s.
Saturday finds him in northern Shropshire. They’re staying in a large, ugly wellness hotel that looks like it was built in the late sixties, but that’s surrounded by a very large garden, where the producers have put up the now familiar tent.
“Fine,” Sherlock growls and takes a step back to let John get off the counter to grab his mobile from the kitchen table.
They manage to catch up to the criminals, board the boat, overwhelm them, get a confession and find the treasure that belongs to their client. Altogether it’s an absolutely spectacular night.
When John tells him it’s dinner time, he doesn’t even look up. So John has dinner with Mrs. Hudson alone, as he has so often.
“Poison again?” Sherlock asks, and Lestrade and Donovan both start, then look up, deeply disapproving frowns on their faces.
“Let me see.” Harry all but elbows John out of the way, nearly lurching from her chair. John grimaces and hands her a slice of cake.
Sherlock is fond of Molly, and Lestrade, and he unabashedly loves Mrs Hudson, even though he wouldn’t admit it under torture.
“You mean the Fey'a removed the crystal powering the Gate and somebody stole a crystal to re-open it?”
Molly visibly hesitates, then lowers her eyes to the two cakes. “John’s.” She looks at Sherlock. “Sorry. The jam does make the cake more moist, and I really like it.”
A scream rips through the air, followed by a giant crash from the auditorium. John turns and runs out the backstage entrance and to the side entrance of the auditorium, Sherlock close behind him. He rips the door open and gasps at the sight that meets him. The ladder Mary and Mike were using to exchange the headlights is lying over the seats, and Mary’s crumpled form lies on the floor, unmoving.
Out of the corner of his eye, Sherlock watches as John looks down and smiles, because Lestrade fails to mention that John was the DSM in question at the time.
“Yes, well, I never thought I’d see someone on a baking show wear chef whites unironically, so there you go,” John says in a deceptively neutral tone, but there’s an underlying steel in his voice that is, frankly speaking, hot.
“True, but I have no desire to make topfenstrudel for 100 people,” John answers, then sets down his container of noodles and straddles Sherlock’s lap on his chair. He smiles down at him, and Sherlock smiles back, feeling that thing tugging at his chest again, that thing he refuses to name, that makes warmth spread through his entire body down to his toes.
Sherlock visibly shakes himself out of whatever he was thinking and turns his attention to John. “Let's go.”
John, who’s been leaning against Sherlock, sleepy and content, perks up at that. “Let’s not get ahead of ourselves here, okay? We haven’t been together for a year.” He turns his head and looks at Sherlock, obviously alarmed and half afraid that an off-hand comment like that might spook Sherlock. But Sherlock is done being afraid, so he only tightens his arm around John, giving him a reassuring squeeze.
“Why?” John asks, and Sherlock admires the way his voice is so completely calm, so very expressionless. His eyes are still trained on his computer screen, and he’s pointedly not looking over at Sherlock, like he wants to give him privacy.
Sherlock hesitates. He should tell John to go. They had sex. There’s no good reason for John to stay the night.
She nods. “She was an angel. Dropped off over her bottle around eight and I haven’t heard a peep from her since.”
Now they’re sitting together backstage, actors and crew. Lestrade’s done with his notes, and they’re all having beers and relaxing. They’re regaling each other with the weirdest moments in their theatre lives.
The story’s quickly told. John carefully omits any mention of Billy Wiggins’ name, or any hint of pickpocketing, but he tells Lestrade they were told the gate might not be as closed as they previously thought and how they decided to see if that was true. He tells Lestrade about the fire, the explosion and the Fey’a, and Lestrade listens without interruption or follow-up questions.
Lestrade shrugs. “I’m on board. He’s a pain, but he’s good, and he’s a damned sight nicer than Jim, though that’s admittedly a low bar.”
Sherlock frowns, because he was pretty sure he’d locked that door behind Wiggins. He cautiously peers out through a small gap in the swing doors that lead to the kitchen.
“Poison,” Lya answers, and the anger in her voice is hard to miss. “We searched Faedorn far and wide, but we found neither the book nor their killer.”
“I see you’re using candied ginger as well?” Mrs Turner picks up a piece, but sets it back down when Sherlock glares at her.
John’s fallen silent again. They’ve been walking aimlessly through London’s deserted streets, wind biting at their hands and ears, trying to get back to some semblance of normalcy. Finally, John said, “I’m starving,” and turned into this place.
John’s smile slips off his face, and suddenly he looks defensive and a bit angry. “Did they say anything to you?”
“He hates sports,” John answers for Sherlock. He takes his own bowl from Mrs Hudson and starts eating. He’s ravenous. He’s always hungry these days. Probably a growth spurt. Hopefully, since he’s still on the short side for his age.
notice, because I was high out of my mind. If it weren’t for our crackpot dealer, you would be dead.”
The ride back to London is mostly silent, which Sherlock appreciates. The radio plays soft classical music and John doesn't try to switch the channel.
Moriarty arrives and glares at Sherlock with open hostility. “This week you’ll lose. My bake is spectacular.”
There’s no hesitation in his movements, no false starts, and from what little Sherlock can see of his face, he has a look of deep concentration yet deep abstraction, like he’s letting his hands perform an action he’s done a million times before without conscious thought.
“We leave you here, John Watson and Sherlock Holmes,” Lya says and inclines her head, oddly formally. “I hope we never meet again.”
Sherlock grins, feeling slightly punch-drunk after that kiss. “Good. Now you have something to think about every time my mother brings up the fact that Tom Hiddleston is still single and she’s heard he’s bi.”
Sherlock opens his eyes and just looks at John, and the quiet, peaceful intimacy of the moment makes John’s heartbeat pick up. John swallows, and for a moment he thinks of leaning down and pressing his lips to Sherlock’s forehead, just briefly. “Why are you doing this?” Sherlock asks, and John knows that he’s genuinely puzzled.
Sherlock might have pulled John out of a depressive spiral, but John’s impact on Sherlock’s life is more akin to an asteroid, and Sherlock only realised when he was away from John how much his view of who and what he is has changed since he met John. It’s like John redefined the lines and angles of Sherlock Holmes just by looking at him like he did - still does, really - like he’s amazing, brilliant, mad but in a good way. Sherlock wanted to be this person so very, very much, and he stepped into the empty space beside John as easily as John fit himself into the hollowed-out parts of Sherlock’s life, and they formed a whole - SherlockHolmesandDr.Watson.
Sherlock is checking his emails on his phone when John arrives. He greets the other contestants cheerfully, then walks towards Sherlock. Halfway there he stops and sets down his duffle bag. “Oh, well, I guess that’s what I get for taking the later train,” he jokes and gestures at the workstation next to Sherlock’s. “Somebody’s on to my leeching off your superior intellect trick.”
John shrugs. “Well. You too,” he says without looking at Sherlock. “I’m going to get a drink,” he adds, gesturing vaguely at the bar and walking away.
“But both processes are essentially the same. Raw products combined in a certain fixed way, heat, eat. Science.” Sherlock makes a ‘there you have it’ gesture with his pizza slice.
It’s a bit like a drug. An addictive rush that takes him out of his own mind and lets him rest. And he craves it almost as much.
Today was oddly anticlimactic. After initial awkwardness, John apparently decided to do his best to act normally, and if their interaction was more formal and less obviously flirty than before, nobody commented on it.
John takes the second chair across from Mrs Hudson’s desk. “We’ve got rehearsal in an hour and I have to set up. I don’t have time for pleasantries.”
“Of course. You and me against the world, just like it used to be,” John says, but Sherlock can hear the doubt there, the uncertainty, the lie.
Sherlock opens his eyes and looks into John’s, dark blue and open and so beautiful, and Sherlock can’t help himself, he yanks John down for a kiss, and they’re kissing sloppily, panting into each others’ mouths as John pushes all the way in.
Sherlock’s stomach rumbles and just like that, the tension dissipates. John smiles at him fondly and slides the plate over. “Want to share?”
“That’s a good taste on you,” he whispers, and Sherlock honest to god whimpers, because he’s hard enough that it almost hurts, and John is relentlessly teasing him, running his tongue along Sherlock’s lips.
John snorts. “Fine. Fine. I’m done here.” He turns and walks away, but turns around after a few steps. “You know everything you just said is bullshit, right?” he asks, and his voice is filled with a quiet anger that’s harder to bear than shouting. “If this whole logic shit is what you need to tell yourself, fine. But what you really are is scared that this got real. That I see through the caustic arsehole facade you put up to the real, actual, human, feeling, lonely person you are beneath all of your bullshit. And the sad thing is that I think you see me too, all the ways I hide that I’m just as fucked up and just as lonely as you are. So this, here,” he gestures between them once more, “is a giant fucking wasted opportunity, when all is said and done. How’s that for logic.”  With that, he turns and walks away, and Sherlock watches him, and with every step John takes away from him, the hollow feeling under his breastbone gets worse.
And with every information they gained telling them returning home was impossible, Sherlock has lost a little drive, a little energy, a little hope.
Sherlock and John look at each other and break into a run at the same time. They slip out of the back tent flap, then run over the grass. Quietly, smoothly, Sherlock leads the way along the garden, over the parking lot, through the deserted staff entrance. Sherlock pulls John behind the door into a dim, narrow hallway and gazes outside, making sure they weren’t followed. Then he closes the door and leans against the wall, John opposite, near enough in the dark, narrow corridor that Sherlock can hear John breathing.
John tilts his head to better pinpoint the location the sound is coming from. “I think it's coming from your pocket.”
John sighs and rubs a hand over his face, wondering how many times they have to have this conversation. “Of course you can handle it. But it is my problem, since you’re my friend and I care about you. Also, I’m your doctor and lack of sleep is severely unhealthy. Lie down on the couch. Doctor’s orders.”
Wrapped in his dad’s jumper, he settles into bed. He should feel lonely and abandoned and adrift, but in actual fact he feels relieved and free.
John comes back for the judging and doesn’t look at Sherlock, doesn’t even glance in his direction, he stares straight ahead and the
John looks up and meets Sherlock’s eyes for a second, and Sherlock gives him a little self-deprecating smirk. John smiles back, brief and sharp but real, and they both go back to work.
Sherlock shrugs. "My usual brand of stupid is difficult to get in rural Norfolk with no notice." He pauses briefly. "Or so I would imagine."
Sherlock’s fingers itch to touch, but he holds still on the uncomfortable desk chair, ignoring the way his half-hard cock strains against his trousers.
“It’s obvious,” Molly says in a rather good imitation of Sherlock, and they both smile. “When he looks at you, it’s like nobody else exists. It’s rather sweet, actually.” She pauses a bit and adds, “Never tell him I said that.”
Silence falls. John’s staring at Sherlock, looking as pole-axed as Sherlock feels. The last time they talked, John was blazing with anger, but this time Sherlock can see how wary John looks, how tired, how haggard and hollow.
He can hear some of the other contestants chuckle, mainly those who’d briefly stopped what they were doing to hear Sherlock’s answer.
“Of course we are,” John says, treating this heartbreaking question with the dismissive brazenness he knows he’d want to hear if he were Sherlock.
“I want to fuck you,” John mutters against Sherlock’s carotid, punctuating the statement with a teasing bite. “Tell me I can fuck you.”
Sherlock doesn’t answer, he’s clearly dismissed Sarah from his notice, and turns back to his microscope.
Sherlock stops tattooing the dead pig - John is pretty sure he doesn’t want to know why Sherlock is doing this in the first place - and watches him with a mixture of curiosity and wariness.
It’s two incident reports filed by Magistrate Lestrade, both three years ago. One about two children coming through a gate that was supposedly closed, one about a fire and an explosion in the Forest where said gate was supposedly destroyed.
The other actors come back in and Sherlock places his empty mug in the sink. He suddenly just wants to get this day over with as quickly as humanly possible. He walks out of the kitchen into the rehearsal room.
His heart pounds, and his breath comes short, and he’s flooded with an intense, almost painful kind of
He doesn’t even know how it happens. He’s usually so careful, especially now that he can’t walk very fast. But this time, he just steps into the street and doesn’t look for cars.
He remembers the last time he saw John, Sunday evening after dropping him off at a convenient tube station. He offered to take John all the way home, but he said it wasn’t necessary. John just told him to pull over, and got out of the car, nodded at him in thanks and walked off, cane tucked under his arm.
Mrs Hudson’s Big Ben clock strikes the half hour. Sherlock rummages around in the kitchen. Rosie sighs in her sleep over the baby monitor.
“Did you have to make me watch?” he finally asks, the one question that’s been perlocating on the top of his mind for the last 24 hours.
The tent is big and white, reflecting the moonlight, making it easy to see in the darkness of the surrounding park.
Sherlock stops so abruptly John almost runs into him. He turns around and faces John. “I’m pretty sure we’re not in Devonshire any more.”
Tonight, all he can think about is how he always sees his mistakes in perfect clarity - after he made them.
“When’s your birthday?” John asks, predictably, looking at him with a small frown like between his eyes, looking slightly put out, like the worst thing he’s heard all night is that Sherlock Holmes never had a birthday cake. It’s so completely like John, and Sherlock’s heart does a traitorous little John Watson induced twist.
John sighs, rubbing his hand over his forehead. “Can’t deduce it?” It comes out vaguely belligerent, and Sherlock notices how tense John is. All his defences are up, and Sherlock doesn’t understand why.
Sherlock snorts. "I have no desire to meet new people, Molly. I can barely stand most people I already know."
Sherlock quite logically deduced that living with another person would make life easier. He never considered that living with another person could make life this much
Finally, John turns his head to look at Sherlock. “Well, that’s certainly a Dear Diary moment. Sherlock Holmes apologized. I’m stunned.” The words are harsh, but John is smiling ever so slightly, and Sherlock knows he’s forgiven, even though he also knows that he doesn’t entirely deserve to be.
The second time John Watson fell in love in a theatre, it was concrete, immediate and terrifying, and it ended with him getting his heart broken.
There’s a pause, and John rolls to his side and looks at Sherlock, then he says quietly, “But you shouldn’t have done it.”
His heart’s beating overtime, and he’s breathing rapidly. His hands are completely steady. Everything around him is vivid, smell and sound and suddenly he
Sherlock is glad that what he’s doing is complicated. He feels truly challenged for the first time since he’s been here.
It’s six in the morning when the housekeeper shakes him awake where he fell asleep in the kitchen chair. He’s frozen stiff and has a crick in his neck.
“This week was tough, I’ll be honest,” Lestrade starts the announcements. “We argued for a long time. In the end, it came down to what each of us thought was more important, the difficulty and technical proficiency of the bake, or the fit for the theme of the episode.”
John’s entire body goes rigid, and he comes with a beautiful moan against Sherlock’s half-open mouth, and Sherlock feels his own orgasm hit him like a freight train as he shakes apart on top of John.
Sherlock closes his eyes for a moment and nods, once, briefly, a sign that he’s listening, even though he wants nothing more than to leave, and let the words between them remain forever unspoken.
John touches his shoulder lightly and cocks his head, smiling. Sherlock nods, and together, they cross over to stage left, and John helps Sherlock onto the ledge halfway up the stage wall where Sherlock spends his first ten minutes as Puck. John smiles at him and pats his calf like he does every night, and every night, his hand lingers a bit longer. Every  night the hands on Sherlock get more secure, and Sherlock wants nothing more than for these hands to stay on him and drag through that goddamned green paint and just smear it over Sherlock’s entire body. He wants John’s handprints on him, and he wants John to be covered in green paint, so everyone will know that John is
Music is traffic outside their window on a lazy evening, Rosie’s snores over the baby monitor and John’s slow typing, the clinking of test tubes together in counterpoint as Sherlock putters around in the kitchen, the absence of spoken words unnoticed.
Sherlock steps closer to the wall and feels the surface with his fingertips, then squints upwards. “Grappling hook,” he says, almost to himself, and points up. “See the scratch marks on the window sill? And the wall here is scratched. Somebody climbed up here.”
Sherlock knows he’s grinning idiotically, and he doesn’t care a bit. “Merry Christmas,” he says a bit breathlessly.
There’s a pregnant pause, and John decides he’s heard quite enough. He yawns and rubs his eyes, pretending to wake up, and Mr. Musgrave orders both of them to bed.
Finally, Sherlock stops. John actually walks a few paces ahead, then realises that Sherlock is no longer with him and turns around.
“Listen to me,” Donovan spits out, “I don’t know what delusions you’ve concocted in that brain of yours, but I’ll be damned if I’m letting a sixteen-year-old
Otherwise, therapy does nothing for his limp, for his shaking hand, for his occasional urge to throw himself in front of the incoming tube. He supposes it’s as much his fault as hers.
Clothes fly as soon as Sherlock’s door closes behind them. John’s hands on Sherlock are insistent and almost rough, tearing at his clothes in a haste to get to skin.
“Good point,” John admits, then he gives Sherlock this tiny, self-deprecating smile that scrapes all over Sherlock’s insides in a not entirely unpleasant way. “Why do these things always happen to us? Why are we always the ones to get stuck in bank vaults or elevators or prison?”
When he’s done, he gets himself a cup of tea, and a second one for John, then sets the tea down at the workstation next to his. He doesn’t allow himself to think about why he did this, he tells himself he’s just being polite, though he knows it’s not true.
- he can’t predict how John will react to his return to London. If in fact he lives long enough to return, which is by no means certain.
Annoyed, Sherlock checks caller ID. It’s Mr Chatterjee, and Sherlock picks up with a sense of impending dread, because Mr Chatterjee only rings Sherlock for bad news, anything else he usually delivers by text or in person.
“I don’t know. Fucking hell, where the fuck is Mike!?” John looks around and sees Mike sitting in the first seat of the row behind the one they’re kneeling next to, sound asleep.
They linger in the Pantheon. It's just before closing and most tourists are gone for the day. The ancient silence of the place makes something deep within Sherlock sing, like a plucked violin string, a peace he never thought he could achieve.
“Bad idea,” John says from behind him and Sherlock starts violently, turning around, cursing the remainders of the drugs in his system still clouding his senses so much that he didn’t hear John approaching. John is leaning in the open bathroom door, clad in pajamas and an ancient robe. Some of his things are still in his room upstairs, Sherlock deduces, he hasn’t had time over the last few days to move everything back to the house. So Sherlock hasn’t been gone for long.
Nothing happens for two days. John tries to focus on his clinic work, but he’s worried about Kitty and distracted by the news about the gate, and finally Sarah corners him.
There’s a long silence, and finally Sherlock looks up to see John watching him with an unreadable expression. “How did you fail?” he asks finally, and his voice isn’t any steadier than Sherlock’s.
The three of them break apart, and Molly moves away, but Sherlock has a hard time letting go of John, hand lingering on his arm. John smiles at him a bit sadly. “Congratulations.”
John meets Sherlock’s eyes over Molly’s head and gives him a smile that reaches right down into Sherlock’s heart and makes it stutter pleasantly.
This isn’t new information for Sherlock, but he never had the opportunity until now to verify that fact by personal observation.
Sherlock waits until he hears the street door close, then he gets up and slams the door to his flat closed. Hard.
A third finger, and Sherlock is a writhing, squirming mess of nerve endings. His cock is painfully hard and leaking, and he just wants
The very idea of being homesick used to be ridiculous to Sherlock. Four walls and a permanent address aren’t things you miss.
Sherlock carefully folds in the flour to the butter-milk-water-sugar mixture. He’s added half a tablespoon of salt for contrast, and he can feel the dough come together as he stirs it vigorously.
“Dead no longer than six hours, I’d say, though the water makes it difficult to be sure,” Molly finally determines, straightening and turning towards Sherlock. “Cause of death probably poison, but I need to run some tests to be sure.”
“I need to go set up,” he says to Emma, and she shoos him away to welcome Janine and Molly who have arrived together.
Mary looks at him fondly. “Sure. But don’t let this opportunity go to waste, John. How many second chances do you think you’re going to get?”
It’s appropriately foggy the next morning as they set out in the general direction of the village. John brought a map, a compass and scrounged a few slices of bread and a lump of cheese from Mrs. Higgins, who isn’t supposed to feed them between meals but does so all the time.
The door to the pub opens, and John steps out, looking from Sherlock to Harry and back again. “You all right?” he finally asks.
“John, would you be so kind as to get some food for our guest?” Sherlock asks and sits down in one of the room’s two chairs. “Billy, won’t you sit?”
Her room is very small and nearly featureless. Her bed is neatly made, there’s a pot of porridge moulding on the stove. “No relatives?” John asks quietly.
“What about you?” John asks, proud of himself for how steady his voice sounds when all he wants to do is step closer and rest his chin on Sherlock’s shoulder, nothing more, really, just touch him in any small way, tuck the sleeve of the dressing gown he’s wearing over his dress pants and still-crisp shirt. John sometimes wonders how Sherlock manages to always look like he just changed, when John mostly looks like he was just hugged by an overly-affectionate gorilla with sticky fingers.
He snakes his hands along the waistband of John’s jeans, along his hip bones, up his back underneath his jumper, seeking skin. John growls into his mouth, and starts unbuttoning Sherlock’s dress shirt, not breaking the kiss. Sherlock shrugs out of his jacket and shirt when John is done with the buttons and tugs at John’s hideous jumper. It lands on the floor, together with John’s t-shirt.
Sherlock shakes his head, but John doesn’t see, he just continues, “And every time I wake up I’m not sure if it’s you or her who died, and then I remember it’s her, and I’m
“When they opened the gate for the last time, for the people from the village, did they really take half their food?”
Sarah laughs, and on an impulse, John leans over and gives her a peck on the cheek. She turns to him and smiles, bright and lovely, and John feels like he’s glowing from the inside out.
She gives him another scrutinising once-over, but when he just meets her eyes squarely, she holds up her hands in defeat. “Fine. You don’t want to talk about it. Let’s go and be judged on how well we play 3D puzzle games with cake.”
to me, Sherlock. About everything. Why is it that people always lie to me? I’m so bloody sick of it. Why do the people I love never
John steps out of the ring and goes to sit down on one of the tree stumps serving as pillars for the mirrors. He feels oddly numb. There should be fear somewhere, grief, despair, but it’s like the heavy fog around them keeps his feelings dampened as well. Or maybe he’s just too tired.
The tension melts from John’s body and he sags back against Sherlock with a relieved sigh. “Not much,” he mutters into Sherlock’s neck and starts biting at it. “So are you actually going to say yes, or are you going to leave me hanging here?”
Sherlock looks at him, his unusually coloured eyes locking on John’s. Something shifts in the air between them, almost tangibly, and then Sherlock clasps John’s hand, like he’s come to a decision.
“They didn’t make any sense, I assumed your grandmother made a mistake,” Sherlock says, feeling a bit defensive. “If I’d adhered to her instructions, the cake would have collapsed in the oven.”
“Don’t change the subject,” John says, sounding a lot more confident and a lot more like John Watson and not only his shell, “Did you or did you not just say that you love me?”
“Sherlock,” John says, and Sherlock already knows what he’s going to say. “Run. Get out of here. Run. Now.”
When Scotland Yard has taken custody of their prisoner, they’re told to go home and get dropped off at a convenient pier. They stumble off the boat on unsteady feet, the ground too solid after the rocking of the river.
“Sherlock...” John starts, but words fail him as he meets Sherlock's eyes. For a moment, they just look at each other, and John feels that thing again, the feeling he first had when he was twelve. When he has Sherlock's undivided attention, he feels
“You’re both right,” Irene says, getting up. “And speaking of food that makes us feel good: Who wants chocolate?”
“Yes, yes, sorry, I didn’t mean to call you fat or anything,” John says, the eye-roll obvious in his voice.
Each of them has a three-tiered cake stand on a large table that they’re supposed to fill with their bakes.
Sherlock looks at his hands. “I was 25 years old. I’d just been offered the role of a lifetime. In New York, on Broadway. More money than I’d ever earned in my life. A role that would get me seen, would open countless doors. Everything I’d worked for since I was a child, in my reach. I could get out of my contract, no problem. Now tell me, John,” he says, turning to John and looking at him, cooly appraising and quietly angry. “Should I have turned it down? For a relationship that had lasted barely six months at that point, that I wasn’t sure would endure?”
He was never entirely sure if friend was the right word for what John is to him. It’s taken him a while, but he had to finally admit that he does have more than one friend in the world. There’s Lestrade, and Molly, and Mrs Hudson, and ironically, there was Mary Watson with whom he had one thing in common that nobody else in the world shared: Keeping John and Rosie Watson safe and happy as a number one priority. They might not have seen eye to eye on the methods, or the execution, but at least they agreed on the importance of the issue.
“We couldn’t foresee that somebody would blow up the gate,” John defends himself. “We didn’t know it would get dangerous.”
“Perfectly, obviously,” Sherlock says, and he can hear a few chuckles from the crew and the other contestants.
They start moving down, and the soft, monotone music somewhat softens the almost frosty silence between them. Sherlock has no idea what to say, and he has absolutely no clue what to do either. He knows he doesn’t want John to just walk away tonight, but he hasn’t the faintest idea how to stop him.
He leads them through a door that says 'Employees only' in English and Feyara, and into a tiny kitchen. He gestures for them to sit down and then takes the chair opposite them with a heavy sigh. “Truth be told,” he says, looking down at his hands. “There's been a theft. And since Kitty disappeared right afterwards, I have to assume she took the object.”
“He did,” John says, still addressing his beer. “He stood me up the night before, and then in the morning he came by my flat, handed me a plastic bag with all the odds and ends I’d left in his flat over the months, and pretty much said I was a distraction he couldn’t afford, that he had his career to think of and goodbye. And that was the last time I saw him.”
