"Sorry guys. Don't bother pausing the movie." Steve gently placed Tony's feet on the couch. Tony
"I've got people coming to get me, Cap. Don't know where they came from." Tony replied.
Infinity smiled. Her eyes glowed with the rage of burning fire, and she took Ruby to where it all began.
"Stay right where you are!" She shouted as she took in the appearance of said intruder.
Infinity spoke when she heard Stephen’s thoughts.
"Mind taking your webs off me?"
The Voice soothed, acting as her anchor to return the peace in her current state of mind.
Ruby answered just as she settled the coffee tray onto the centre table. She handed a mug of black coffee to Wanda who took it with a grateful smile on her face.
* * *
As if hearing Tony call for them, the door opened to reveal their counterparts hurrying to get to Ruby, but even before they managed to take a step into the room, time stopped.
Looking at their confused faces, Ruby sighed.
But she was nothing to them.
"Ready for what, V?" Mordo, or rather, Eternity was shocked to hear Ruby shout. "Ready to fight whatever this Sibling shit you have! Is that why you had been showing me visions of what your abilities could do? All along you've been using me! Trying to harness my body so that you could take over once you were strong enough! You know what, V? Fuck you! Fuck you too Mordo! I don't want part with whatever shenanigans you both have!"
Ruby thought back and decided to push back the Voice to one side. She could deal with her insanity later on. Right now, she just met two more of the Avengers and she really didn't want them to think that she's unstable.
With the swarm of demons in the area, Ruby found it hard to locate Eternity. She tried to search for his consciousness but that required extreme calm and focus, something she couldn’t afford when she was trying to protect herself from the hellish beings attacking her. Out of luck, she saw his cape in the corner of her eye but noticed that he was escaping.
"Don't you dare Tony!" Ruby shouted, her voice muffled as she struggled to keep her head tucked in Tony's neck. "Or I would destroy all you Iron Man suits! Don't think I wouldn't!"
Ruby nodded yes to his question. "Are you hungry? It looks like you are. We made cupcakes earlier if you want." She asked politely but Bucky just shook his head at her question. "I should be the one asking you that. Look at you, you're a twig! I'll bet Clint's ass you didn't even have dinner yet."
The Voice did say that, so enough of this negativity. Ruby thought that it was time for her to willingly accept that she would be in custody of the Avengers until she finds a safe new home. She may have got nothing now but at least she knew that she had these superheroes to watch her back, even if only for a while.
Steve wondered whether Peter was alright. He knew that in the boy’s haste to find Ruby, a demon managed to claw the back of his thigh. It wouldn’t stop bleeding but Peter had been fast to reassure both Steve and Tony that he was alright. His healing factor was just taking some time to kick in because the wound wasn’t inflicted from a human source. Distracted with his thoughts, Steve barely dodged a talon to his temple. He pummelled his shield to the hollow of the demon’s throat before kicking it on the shin, effectively immobilising it.
Yes, that's right. Peter said that he liked watching the sunset as he dangle from one of the spikes of its crown so here they were, on the way to the said statue. She didn’t know why but to be honest, it felt like blasphemy.
The man wheeled himself towards the front of the room before speaking again.
"He is not soft for me."
"Hey, Friday. This is Ruby. She will be staying with us in the Tower. Friday's an AI. She runs the whole building so anything you need, just tell her." Tony explained as he settled next to Steve.
Take the piece of a writing journal propped on the top left corner of the screen, for example. It contains some gruesome details of results that scientists have found regarding a 'subject'. Whether that pertains to a human subject or not, Fury didn't know. It probably is. Hence, why he called for this meeting.
"If Clint ended up here first, he would have put on the next instalment of that movie." Steve replied, his face contorting with a grimace. He really didn't want to put himself through the pain of watching that again. Those are the kinds of things that make him question why he even bothered to save the world from ending.
"Why did you and Tony take me in?" Ruby asked, almost in a whisper. When she felt like Steve wasn't going to answer, she crooked her head to the side to look at him.
"Uh please. It'll be your sorry ass crying later."
"Then, I shall inform Mr Stark of –
“We will help you.” Steve decided. “But once we’re done dealing with Eternity, you will let go of Ruby.”
"Is there something wrong with my face?"
"Hey, you want to marathon Lord of the Rings?" Peter suggested, trying to make it up to the girl. "It's Friday today so I will be staying through the weekend."
A tear ran down her cheek as she contemplated what she just had done. How could she ever believe that her abilities could bring good? That she could use it to help people? Look at Captain America. If this is what it does to a super soldier like him, what more to civilians? What if she accidentally hit someone?
"Good. Tell us when you get a solid location." Cap replied.
“Hey, didn’t Ruby say that she’ll be no later than 10?”
"You might burn the potatoes, Wanda."
Clint, who was watching the scene along with Natasha and Spidey, sensed that these three idiots would probably fall into a very awkward silence afterwards. Tony and Steve were not really a prime example of people who can speak out their feelings. So being the almighty saviour that he is, he took the monopoly set placed underneath the coffee table.
"What? How does that even ‒ never mind. I'm gonna go get us food."
"If I die, I'm gonna rise back from the dead just to kill you twice over." Ruby tried to sound threatening but to Tony, it was just like he was receiving threats from an angry cat. He chuckled.
"Shoo." Natasha said as she checked one of the trays baking in the oven. "I'll give you one to taste test later."
"Whatever. At least everybody else here loves me. Ooooh, I smell bacon. Barnes! Give me some of those bacon strips you're eating." Clint shouted.
"Get up now or I'll pour a bucket of ice cold water on you." That threat had been going on for three weeks now every single Saturday morning to the point that Ruby just called it a bluff. Nonetheless, she cracked open an eye just to check Wanda's expression. When she saw her grinning down on her, Ruby snorted and turned her back to Wanda with the full intention of going back to sleep. She didn't want to go training today. She had a late night with Peter yesterday because she insisted that she come with him patrolling up until three in the morning despite his blatant complaining.
(See the end of the chapter for
However, as much as she loved reading Rowling's and Riordan's works, Ruby decided to pick up a book about Molecular Biology. With the book clutched in her hand, the teenager sauntered towards the sofa and lied on her stomach with her elbows supporting herself up as she read.
"You do know I'm not that
Ruby swallowed down the shame, embarrassment and anxiety she was feeling and kept her face as blank as possible before asking, "Can we please go back to the tower?"
"How did you get in there?" He asked, bewildered, once he saw where Ruby was at.
"I said, you wanna make it up to me?" Peter nodded, getting himself ready. That is the most common phrase used by most people when they were thinking of something ridiculous. Like
"Of course. I even had Pepper arrange your new identity for you." Tony said as he pass Ruby a folder. She frowned at the contents. It said there that her new name would be
One by one, the Avengers got off to their corresponding floors to collect their necessary weapons and equipment. When it was time for Steve to leave, he lightly patted Ruby's head.
"Everyone's out in a mission, then?" He asked without looking back, knowing that Ruby was following him out anyway.
"Ruby!" Peter crouched down to where Ruby was laying and immediately checked for her pulse. Thank God. It was still there. "Hey, Ruby!" Peter shook her shoulders in an attempt to wake her up. He tried that a few more times but it didn't seem to work judging by the fact that Ruby didn't even move or twitch a single muscle in protest.
"Hey Friday." Peter greeted in an overly excited voice.
Once again, Ruby found herself staring at her reflection in the mirror. Her eyes searched for the golden fire it had but they were back to her pale blue ones. She had half a mind to question if what happened really happened but the Voice was there in the back of her mind. A constant and reassuring presence to remind her of what she could do.
Ruby had been so pre-occupied of her thoughts of Peter that she barely registered the cold liquid that slapped down her cheek with a sharp splash. It immediately made her sit up on the bed, her hand automatically went up her face and hair to smooth them down. When she smelled a fruity scent and looked down at her sticky hand, Ruby glared at Wanda.
"Where are you going?"
Soon enough, the worry she felt was replaced with excitement. She's always loved theme parks when she was a kid. Both men were actually astonished with how Ruby's demeanour changed from withdrawn to ecstatic in barely a second.
Natasha flipped her head to the side. She heard something squeak not far away from her.
A bang on the door jerked their attention away from the hologram. Mordo’s lackeys finally reached the communal floor. Even though the elevator and the door to the stairs were sealed and locked with vibranium, Natasha and Clint knew that they would get through them sooner than later. These creatures were laced with something. Maybe it was magic. But whatever it was, they made them abnormally strong and fast.
It's Sunday so that means team bonding day. Unless there's a matter of national security. Or international. Either way works.
"Grumpy." Clint commented but finally hauled himself up to get some breakfast.
Once again, Ruby's vision was filled with darkness. She felt Wanda release her head and she opened her eyes to find said woman looking at her intently with what seemed like concern and empathy in her expression.
It wasn't a surprise when they found Peter lying haphazardly on the ground with his head on Ruby's lap. They had come prepared for a fight but they thought that it was safe to assume that the girl took care of the symbiote. Though the team had been tight lipped about what they had just discovered.
sorry.” Restraining his strength so he didn't seriously injure Ruby, Peter threw his palm down across her cheek in hope that the sudden vibration would shock her system back into an awake state.
And her parents.
"Thank you." She said as she accepted the set of clothes which consisted of undergarments and a pair of tracksuit.
"Hi Steve, hi Tony." Ruby greeted as she stood awkwardly in front of them.
"So, do you speak Khuzdul or Sindarin?"
"I'll tell you my plan later." Ruby answered, eyes still locked on the screen as he tapped Peter's arm, "Now hush, I'm watching the movie."
As soon as the quinjet landed on the SHIELD headquarters, Tony and Natasha went straight to Fury for a mission debrief and report. Steve, who did not feel up to fighting Fury about their decision, just went to the med bay to take the girl for a check-up.
Peter's nose crunched at the term. "Jeez. Don't call me that."
"Oh my god. Listen, I don't know why you keep popping in my head but you're not real. I'm afraid of the dark and I'm pretty sure I'm becoming insomniac too so I don't want the thought of myself going insane being thrown in the mix. Leave me the heck alone, capisce?" Ruby hissed in a fierce whisper.
“Friday, scan please.” Tony ordered in attempt to find out what was wrong with her. So far, he couldn’t see any physical damage so he couldn’t understand why Ruby wasn’t responding at all.
"You're one of our own now." Steve said, hand landing on top of Ruby's head. "And we take care of our own."
Ruby grinned when she heard her friends groan in frustration and then laughed at her confession. "I wouldn't fault you with that, though. That guy is a menace. He should be thankful you're not blowing his ass off the face of the earth."
"I don't know." Peter replied. He honestly didn't know what he just fought but it was strong.
Everything that had happened to her, from the kidnapping to being rescued had come back to her these past few days. Perhaps, what triggered this was the sudden realisation that she has seen and been through some shit, yet here she was.
"Aw, shucks." Ruby pouted when she realised she didn't succeed, but then she remembered that she was literally with Captain America and Iron man themselves.
"Stay here.” Ruby was so confused. “Wait for me till I get back." She thought they were going to the Statue of Liberty so what the hell was she doing here sitting in a coffee shop?
“I had been alive for very long, my child.” She started.
“I know just the perfect place.”
Not long after, he declared that Ruby was healthy overall, despite the fact that her blood sugar is quite lower than normal but that maybe because she hasn't eaten anything substantial ever since she was captured.
"Wait, hold on, I thought we're just training." Ruby said when he noticed Steve assume a fighting stance.
Their eyes locked.
So being as polite as she could be, she just seated herself on the counter and gave him a smile while nodding. Bucky saw the cupcakes the girl was talking about and Ruby's eyes almost popped out of her socket when she saw him eat a whole piece in one go.
Steve was the first one who hurried towards Ruby, followed by Tony. The billionaire took hold of Spiderling, immediately asking Friday to run a scan on his injuries. On the other hand, the captain proceeded to check on Ruby. He bent down on one knee as his hands swiftly cupped the girl's cheeks, thumbs wiping the faint tears rolling down that was probably due to both fatigue and shock.
"Count me in or I'll poison the next batch of cupcakes." Natasha blankly stated with her hand already grasping a tray fresh from the oven. Ruby couldn't actually tell whether she was joking or not.
"What has got Legolas wheezing over like an air deprived chipmunk?" All of their attention turned towards the source of the voice. Tony was walking towards the couch with Steve in tow.
"Friday, scan for any functioning signals within the facility." Tony ordered.
"Wait, you were sleeping?"
"Rise and shine, Princess!" Wanda's thick Sokovian accent filled Ruby's ears along with the sharp rhythmic clapping of her hands. Ruby refused to open her eyes and crunched her nose as she mumbled incoherent complaining noises while she buried her face further down her comforter.
Infinity didn’t expect such a request from the humans.
Both of them were suddenly alert. Wanda immediately took hold of the phone while Vision reached out for his fellow AI in the internet. Friday, being one of the kindest artificial beings that he's ever met, sent him data about a HYDRA captive girl who, as it seemed, had similar abilities to those of Wanda.
It was only when she saw Steve flying across the end opposite end of the ring did she realise that she forgot to control her strength. The impact had Steve break through the ropes. His back smashed on the wall, denting it before he slid on the ground.
Mr O’Malley, well, that's what he went by at the moment anyway, hid behind the railings a few metres away from Spider Man's fight. He has been following the girl. That damn wench who escaped in their hands. He has seen that the girl was somehow capable of using her abilities now. Although their investigation had been incomplete, considering that the Avengers butted their noses in their business halfway through, the team had been prepared and had a back-up plan for situations like this. Those hydra fools had been completely useless in detaining their subject.
Infinity looked at Ruby.  Truly, she was touched by the young girl’s sentiment but there was one thing she was forgetting.
"Might as well take her to the tower then."
"I am not aware that you will be dropping by the tower." Wanda's eyes turned back to Steve who was giving Tony a 'Why was I not consulted about this?' look. The man just shrugged which was basically Stark speak for 'So what?' Steve rolled his eyes but proceeded to step towards Ruby and placed a hand on her left shoulder.
This couldn't be really Spider Man, right?
Natasha raised an eyebrow at her lie but chose not to comment on it. Instead, she took the broken spatula out of Ruby's hand and casually replaced it with a new one.
"I'll come pick you up later as well, okay? Just call me when you're done for the day." Bucky said as soon as Ruby got off the bike. She shrugged her backpack on and made sure she had everything she needed before saying goodbye. Bucky ruffled her hair which had gotten him a glare, because come on, Ruby spent half an hour fixing that hairstyle. She had to look good on her first day after all. Bucky snorted and literally pushed the girl to the main entrance.
"You don't know half the shit I do. Mr Stark would have grounded me off from the lab ages ago if it wasn't for Cap."
"Please, don't let them take me. Please." Their eyes snapped to Ruby upon hearing her plead with a choked up voice, tears wetting the pillow where her head was rested on. She was holding her hand out, trying to reach for the both of them. Her eyes were glazed, as if she did not really recognise who was with her.
"You guys are having a party and didn't even invite us? Such a disgrace." Bucky nonchalantly teased as he walked towards the centre table to grab himself a giant slice of pepperoni pizza.
"I'm on the same boat, Tones. I just happened to start putting them down quietly at first."
"The tools I used to tend to your injury are still in the kitchen sink. Of the communal room." Bucky's eyes widened at what Ruby just said.
Well, okay, she did have the same ocean blue eyes and same dirty blonde hair but that was it.
"Look what we have here." Steve whistled and popped a strip of bacon as he sat himself in the counter.
Tony probably had it for Peter.
Goddamn it, Ruby couldn't believe she was going to go be stupid for a second time.
"Now, I'm sure Tony could enlighten us both why they are here." Steve told Ruby with his voice clearly laced with sarcasm. Both of them swore that they would give the couple an out from all this avenging business when they've asked for it so they agreed that they would only call out for them when they were truly in desperate need. As far as Steve was aware, they were not in desperate need.
As soon as Ruby heard these words, she woke up staring at the sky painted ceiling of her bedroom in the Stark Tower.
There were too many of them. He had no choice but pull out a cannon to fire chunks of them. Fury's instruction about initiating contact be damned. There was no point maintaining the stealth status of the mission.
"Don't worry, I'll share half a cupcake of my extra ones with you." Spidey faked laughed at Ruby's poor attempt of saving his face but Clint and Natasha were already sharing a hearty laugh over him. Well more like Clint literally laughing his ass on the floor while Natasha's eyes glinted with amusement as she gave out a little snort.
"You know that it's alright for you to have these sort of abilities right?" Bucky voiced out which he was quite sure that this would be what the team would say as well. The girl looked up, worrying her bottom lip between her teeth, eyes glazed with doubt and apprehension. Her big blue eyes bore into Bucky's own as if searching for lies behind his words.
"I can get the girl in no time. Just give me the go signal."
She looked like her, yes, but her once blue eyes had been replaced with golden fiery orbs that reminded her of a blazing forest.
before she hugged tony and darted forward to claim the bear. Both men smiled at the obvious joy the teenager was sporting, thrilled that a simple life sized bear could turn her into a ball of bouncy energy.
"Don't worry, kiddo. We're the Avengers. This is our thing. I'm sure we'll be fine. I'll see if I could send someone home to keep you company here." Tony reassured her as he clasped her shoulder comfortingly.
It had been decided that Wanda and Vision would remain in the tower for however long Ruby felt confident enough to discover her abilities more on her own. Ruby felt really bad for disturbing the couple especially when Vision had mentioned during their chat that they had been staying in the countryside for more than 2 years now, enjoying a normal life away from danger. The couple shook their heads simultaneously when she apologised.
Steve released a breath he didn't notice he was holding in, then looked beside Tony to give him a reassuring smile.
Caught off-guard, Stephen tried to look as calm as possible. Even though the being didn’t seem hostile, he didn’t want to take risks. “Regarding Ruby, why is she unresponsive?”
"Natasha, Tell Fury we're bringing the girl in. I'm gonna get her to the quinjet. Tony, destroy the whole facility down once I get her to safety."
Peter's words, not Ruby's. He just gave Ruby a shrug when she tried to blackmail him in telling Tony about how he failed to web himself up in time and fell straight into a dumpster, breaking his ankle in the process.
What followed Peter out of that bank was one of the ugliest shit Ruby has ever seen.
"A hydra base facility was discovered in Detroit, Michigan. According to our agents, it is abandoned." He showed them photographs of the facility as he spoke. It resembled an old corporate office site that was built on the 1960s with about 10 floors.
Ruby witnessed another creature tackle the monster away from her, stumbling through the road in an attempt to dismember each other. The newly arrived one was similar in biology but it was black and was a tad bit smaller compared to the one that was going to kill her just a minute ago.
"There was also no record of relatives in that file nor any evident reason why hydra captured her. As far as I could tell, she's just a victim of hydra's experiments again." Steve agreed with him.
After settling Ruby in, Tony disengaged his armour and walked towards Stephen who offered his hand for greeting.
“What movie?” Tony frowned and looked down at his phone to check if he did actually call Peter.
Hi lovelies, I hope you enjoyed the chapter and that I didn't confuse you with Ruby's background history.  I'm really sorry if I did! Let me know what you think!
Unconscious, Ruby’s body fell haphazardly on the floor with a loud thud.
"I'm a harsh judge! So don't waste my time!" Clint shouted from the living room where he was seated on the couch in front of the TV.
Bucky's grin widened before he started running too.
He fired his repulsor beams. Left and right together first, before he twisted his waist to fire at the front and back. The nutjobs were hit straight to the chest with a resonant blare. The impact pushed them back to collide with the other officers behind them while all their weapons dropped down to the floor like a unified surrender.
"Hey kiddo. Glad you finally decided to join us." Tony acknowledged her while he patted the space next to him to make Ruby sit down.
It seemed that that the short distraction of the symbiote was all Spidey needed. Still incapacitated with his broken calves, he webbed the monster's feet together to limit its movement. It looked like Spidey upgraded the strength and endurance of his webs going by the fact that the symbiote was actually struggling to get out of it unlike the way it tore them off effortlessly last time.
One blink and Ruby was taken back to the present where she was holding Infinity’s hand.
But it never happened.
“Uh... yes? I insisted to drop Ruby home but she said she was a strong independent woman. Her words not mine. Is there something wrong Mr Stark?”
"It was there already so might as well start it, you know?" Tony said, not looking up Steve even when he felt their shoulders touch when he stood next to him. "Plus, I want to tell Ruby that she'll be going to college."
“After millions of years of searching, I finally found you. For the first time, I had hope that I could defeat my brother. He has become uncontrollable. He had so much ambitions. Although he was an ambitious man to begin with, his goals slowly turned sinister. He had plans to ravage, not only your world, but the whole of universe. The same universe that we have guided, cultured and looked after for.”
Bucky’s heart suddenly sank. Ruby was family and he would admit that he would go as far as locking himself up to the cryotank if that’s what it would take to get her back. Silently, he nodded his head at Steve and squeezed Tony’s shoulder who probably didn’t register that he arrived already. Bucky sat next to Peter and pulled the kid into a quick hug.
"Yes, exactly. These were found in one of the meeting rooms on the 8th floor. The site has been under constant monitoring right from when it was discovered by SHIELD agents. No unusual circumstances were reported. Just an ol' abandoned building in the eye of a normal citizen." Fury explained to answer Stark's question.
"Not trying to burst everyone's bubble, but can somebody tell me how we'll explain to SHIELD doctors about Peter's non-existent injury?"
That was how Ruby ended up showing Wanda all of the things she could do. From healing wounds, to moving things with her mind. They even found out that she was capable of making portals as well, "Just like Doctor Strange", as Wanda said. Tony absolutely denied that he screamed like a little girl when Ruby appeared next to him in his lab. He didn't have to know that it was a mistake though. Ruby actually intended to try portalling herself to her bedroom, but she didn't have much control yet and so she ended up in several places before actually locating her original destination.
The principal looked at her with a smile that didn't quite reached his eyes. "I reckon that you've been given your schedule, yes?" His fake and forced expression annoyed the hell out of her and his presence was making the Voice anxious. In turn, it was making her anxious at the same time.
Ruby had been completely submerged in her own thoughts that she almost screamed when she heard a sharp clang to her side. There was a poor black kitten rummaging the trash can for food. Pitying the little animal, Ruby reached down on her sling bag to grab an apple she forgot to eat for lunch earlier. She crouched down and snatched the kitten's attention from the trash can. It looked at her. Its eyes flickered from the apple that Ruby was handing out and at something behind Ruby.
But apparently, it was strong enough to break through Peter's webs.
"Hey Stark, can you take a look on my arm later? There's something stuck in between the plates. I tried tinkering with it but the thing is too small. I can't take it out." Tony made a noise that Bucky took as a yes. He'd just drop by the workshop later on if Stark forgot about it.
She was so lost and confused in trying to comprehend what this Voice was and what she wanted from her. She has shown her a lot of things but none of them made any of these any clearer! Because of the contradicting emotions battling in her soul, it was becoming harder and harder for her to breathe. The Voice has just shown her a disturbing image of her god forsaken massacre and yet, she felt as if the Voice could give her refuge and sanctuary.
See you guys on the next chapter!
Ruby suddenly felt quite ashamed and embarrassed to face them. It has been three days since the incident from the theme park and not once has she expressed her gratitude for trying to make her feel welcomed nor did she apologise for causing them trouble. She just basically stormed in her room and locked herself up straight away after the drive home.
Upon the door squeaking open, he tore his gaze away from the screen to see Captain Rogers, Stark and Agent Romanoff striding in.
So here she was in the roof top, listening to her guidance into going about the first step of unlocking her ability. It wasn't really very clear to her what they were about to do but she knew now that the Voice would never intentionally hurt her.
This was definitely going to be a problem.
She didn’t get the chance to respond because the next thing she felt was the biting shock of electricity that run from tips of her fingers down to her toes. Her body wildly failed. The manacles around her wrists dug deeper in her flesh as she swung; her weight felt much heavier as she breathed through her nose.
"You're not gonna leave me here alone too, right?" Peter asked, concerned that most of the Avengers left, saved for Bucky who was still sitting on a chair beside his bed.
She hurriedly approached the couch but came to stand just barely a metre away from Steve, as if she was asking for permission if she was allowed to sit next to him. It was only when Steve gave her a sincere and bright smile did she decide to curl up next to the Captain.
Now, how does one deal with the Voice in their head?
Once the AI took them into the penthouse, both Tony and Steve gave her the grand tour of the place. Ruby couldn't quite believe how massive the floor is. It had an urban modern interior design with a motif of black and oak brown. Right at the corner, there was a set of stairs that led to a mezzanine floor where the guest bedroom is.
Ruby could actually point out the exact moment Tony's fuse burned and collapsed. Rage consumed him and he took one deep breath before dropping a bomb.
They fell into a comfortable silence after that. Both of them just looked up the stars to which Ruby felt grateful. It brought her comfort to know that somebody was just there, with the whole purpose of just accompanying her.
"Hey kid, what's wrong?" He asked as he crouched down right next to Ruby. "God damn it, Steve will kill me."
Wanda was overwhelmed with the gravity of force that hit her as soon as the elevator doors opened.
* * *
"I like this one the best. But the fox one is cute too."
The day was spent looking at what different stalls had to offer, waiting in line for the next ride and smiling at the people who recognised Captain America and Iron Man because obviously, using NASA caps and sunglasses as a disguise could only avoid the public's prying eyes for so much.
Not did she only knew that she's in possession of some kind of
* * *
Both men gave her an affectionate smile before they walked out of the room.
The man was threatening to drop her from the sky saying that,
Now, what could she do? It was only five in the afternoon and it was way too early for her to get dinner.
"Of course. I also took the liberty of unlocking the door for you." The AI said after what felt like forever.
“By the demons of Denak, unleash!”
Ruby mentally groaned at the Voice's commentary and tried to push her at the back of her mind.
Peter thought that they were going to argue about how it was much safer for him to stay and help defend the tower so he was surprised when Tony only nodded and the Captain signalled for them to get moving.
Steve proceeded to tidy up the equipment they used and went up to his room to grab a quick shower. Once he was all done, he went down to the communal kitchen, surprised to see Tony already there, cutting up some carrots.
Clint pushed the board game over while everyone threw their title deed cards towards his direction for ruining the game. Ruby watched amusedly as Spidey tried to shield himself with his hands to no avail.
Bucky couldn't help it and he just had to reach out to ruffle her hair.
In a blink of an eye, it was back onto its feet and Peter was knocked down on the ground again. The creature raised its hand which was now turning into tendril-like limbs, swiftly taking the form of an axe and was getting ready to swing it down to her friend.
Silence enveloped Ruby as she followed the Voice's order. She found herself back to the dystopian field in her dream. Just like before, a female entity blazing with magnificence and underlying mystery was in the middle of the field, a few metres away from where she was standing. Her face was all but a blur and Ruby could see her hand extended towards her direction, beckoning her to come to her. With a new found feeling of certitude, Ruby closed the distance between them. Her hand reached out to the Woman's outstretched hand.
“Stephen.” Tony grasped his hand in a tight handshake. “Do whatever you can. Please.”
The three men left the make shift shelter and each took a designated area to clear. Tony had been doing well with the new micro-missiles he installed in his suit. They were more compact and much more explosive. He cheered in victory when he had a small group of demons dusted.
“Ruby, you’re already dead.”
As swiftly as she could, Ruby shoved Bucky aside to stand up and ran for her life while laughing out loud, knowing that he would definitely get her back at her little trick.
Everybody's attention fixated on him.
"Morning, Steve." Ruby greeted, craning her neck back to look at him. She smiled and placed a plate of waffle topped with
Ruby heard the Voice loud and clear.
"That'll probably be my fault, guys. The scientists led me to an underground surveillance room. One of the cameras was showing Cap's location. I needed to get rid of them but I wasn't quick enough. One of them managed to push the alarm button before I nicked him in the neck." Tony heard Natasha's response lined with disdain because someone managed to get one up her.
"Hey, take it easy kid. You hit your head quite hard when you fainted." Ruby then remembered the theme park.
With heavy footsteps, the creature started to plough its way through the swarm of officers who were uselessly shooting at it. All it did was absorb the bullets into its goo-like body (which looked very disgusting in Ruby's opinion) and throw them back at 'em. Peter was still crouching in his knees, stomach held tightly with his left hand while heaving his guts out in a violent cough. The creature was approaching him in a worrying speed but he was able to recover just in time to web its hands together and land a kick on its stomach.
"Hey, everything's alright now." Steve murmured into her ear while he pulled her to his chest, the strong stench of copper filled his nose. He frowned and looked down.
Much to her demise, Ruby found it quite hard to continue denying now that nothing was wrong. The day out and the panic attack in the theme park was what she liked to refer to as her wake up call.
"I'm Clint."
"What? Uhm, no, no, I'm okay. I just can't believe I'm talking to the Black Widow and Hawkeye. Who knew I'll get to witness the Black Widow making cupcakes?" Ruby replied distractedly, still wondering if she actually heard the Voice from her dream or if she was hallucinating.
Ruby's lip twitched up in fascination as she saw it form a translucent oval disk in the air. She made a couple more, placing them a bit higher than the other so that she could use them as a ladder to get herself up where she wanted to be. When she thought that it was quite enough, she hesitantly placed one foot on the first one and smiled in excitement when she didn't fall off. As quick but as careful she could be, Ruby hopped from one to another, the disks disappearing as soon as her foot released contact.
Everybody's attention turned Natasha as she spoke the question, looking at her like she's grown two heads. They were actually all clueless on how to go on about that. Both Ruby's and Peter's doctors would check on them in half an hour and it would definitely arouse suspicion if they see them completely fine.
Ruby smiled at him but she shook her head no.
Ruby suddenly felt overwhelmed. She felt like everything is happening so fast at once. One moment she was freed from her captives, then now, Tony Stark was giving her a room like it's completely normal to have someone, who is basically a stranger, live in his tower.
Spider Man was content filling the cupcake cups beside Ruby. She found him really interesting. Although she was quite disappointed that he didn't want to tell her his name yet, she understood why. Hell, she has trust issues as well. Plus, the guy was nice enough to fangirl with her about Lord of the Rings, Star Wars and Doctor Who.
Beheading a demon with an energy beam, Ruby looked up to see all of them heading for her direction. Overwhelmed, she blasted the demon closest to her, pushing the rest that behind it out of the way. The one to her right managed to take a hold of her, her arm almost broke under its tight grip. Pushing all her energy into the palm of her left hand, she grabbed the demon’s claw and flung it away. Her arm was released and demon turned into ashes.
"I've got a clear visual of 216, master." O’Malley said in their telepathic link.
"Hi, sorry. My friend gets tongue tied when he sees beautiful women. I'm Ned, by the way." Ned said. When a few moments of silence lapsed between them, he cleared his throat and nudged his friend's arm with his elbow.
Author's Note: Hi guys!  Just informing you that there would be mild violence in this chapter. Although I believe that it isn't really that graphic, I thought you'd appreciate the warning. Happy reading, my lovelies!
She couldn't believe it. She hurt Steve. She hurt one of them. She hurt her family.
Ruby ignored what the Voice just said but she did like her suggestion about doing some reading. Having finished high school at the age of 16, she should have been at her second year of university in the UK, doing just as she has planned with her parents.
"I think training would be really good for me."
"Holy shit!" That was Ruby passed out up there!
She began to strip her clothes but Mr Stark started with a disapproving tone. "Jesus Christ, kid, I didn't mean change here."
Fast.
Ruby did as instructed. The man looked like he was on the young side. He was wearing a navy blue suit with a red striped tie, his black trench coat hanged on the back of his swivel chair. Not really sure of what to do, Ruby stared at the ceiling, counting the number of cracks she could see, before turning her attention back to Mr. O’Malley who was looking at her with narrowed eyes.
Ruby knew that her companion was a bit wary of her. Not that she could really blame her for it. If it was Ruby in Wanda's shoes, she would be on her guard too, to say the least. But Wanda seemed like a nice person.
Ruby thought to herself. She grinned like a lunatic. It seemed that a plan needed to be arranged.
Peter skipped from building to building until his muscles protested in exhaustion. It was probably after around 2 hours of strolling through the city did they come into a stop near a McDonald’s and embarrassingly, Ruby's stomach announced its blatant hunger by letting out the loudest growl she had ever heard in her life.
"No." Tony raised one eyebrow at Steve's apparent refusal.
"Of course, Captain Rogers."
"Deal." Tony agreed. "Now, shoo. Let me do the cooking for once. You go chill out. Sing the national anthem or something."
Ruby chuckled at his comment seeing that he was clearly worried about the situation. She felt bad but a game is a game, so Ruby clutched at his shoulder and leaned closer to whisper in his ear, "You're it now. I wasn't actually hurt."
Well, what he meant was that he called Pepper and told her that there's an 18 year old girl living with them so he needed her help to get supplies. As expected, that resulted in screams and shouts from his stunning but scary CEO. It ended with promises of dinner in the tower when he told her Ruby's story though, so it was all good. After sunrise, Friday informed Tony that the boxes had been delivered to the penthouse already.
Ruby settled her hands on Peter's broken bones which made him recoil slightly but didn't move his legs away. "Trust me." Ruby reassured him when she saw him look at her warily. Her hands began to glow and streaks of fiery orange luminescence surrounded the cast. Peter felt a faint warmness on the surface of his skin despite the thickness of the wrappings. Everybody watched, entranced with what Ruby was doing, until the glow died down again and Ruby's eyes returned back from golden amber to her natural blue ones.
Flash was being a dickhead again during PE class. It wasn't their fault that Ruby accidentally hit him with a basketball on the head. The guy looked like a raging bull when he threatened Ruby so Peter intervened by pushing him away from Ruby. He was literally too close. Like, so, so close. Of course, Flash didn't really like that and since he couldn't hit a girl (at least he still has morals), he punched Peter instead. Ned tried to break him off from punching Peter but he got elbowed in the face too.
"Steve? Tony?" She asked, confused. She tried to sit up but found that the left side of her head hurt, and when she reached up to touch it, she was unsettled to find a layer of gauze wrapped around it.
* * *
"Thank you, Mr Moustache Man! I'll make sure to tell others about how wonderfully rigged your guns are!" Ruby shouted before she hurriedly dragged her companions away again.
"No."
"But I think Ruby was dropped as a baby." Bucky commented. "Seriously, the girl didn't just share similar physical features with you, Stevie. It looks like she got your tendency to pick up fights with people bigger than you. You sure she isn't your long lost child?" Steve, who was just sitting nicely and comfortably on the couch while drawing, broke the tip of his pencil at Bucky's statement.
"I- I'm s-s-so s-sorry." She struggled to stutter an apology in between breaths. Her heart was beating too fast with shame, anxiety and worry.
Unfortunately, Steve didn’t have time to reply because FRIDAY’s glitching voice interrupted their discussion.
Looking down at her, Steve couldn't resist running his hand through her long wavy blonde hair. He didn't know why the urge to protect her felt so strong in his veins at the moment.
“Hello Avengers. How y’all doing? Just in case you’re wondering, yes, I do have a precious little princess in my hands. Don’t worry, she’s very fine.” The man stepped out of the camera’s view to show a bed behind him. Tony could hear both Clint and Bucky snarl at the screen when they saw Ruby tied onto it. Her neck was craned to the side as she struggled to look at the camera. Tony sighed in relief to see fire still swarming in her eyes.
Home being the Avengers Tower.
Once inside the building, Ruby went straight to the reception to introduce herself. The woman was nice enough to give her the schedule for her lessons as well as instructed her which building she should go to in order to meet the college principal. Apparently, he wanted to meet her just to make sure she could adjust well into the new environment.
She was clad in a golden yellow dress that looked almost like her second skin. The second she sensed that Ruby was approaching, she raised her head up to assume a sitting position and beckoned for Ruby to sit in front of her.
"Thanks Friday."
Ruby closed her eyes and looked.
running down her back and Ruby couldn't bear the horror she felt.
"What are you doing here?" She asked, perplexed. Peter pulled out Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring and grinned. "We didn't get to watch the sunset so I wondered, we could watch this instead." Ruby lit up and Peter immediately placed the DVD into the player. The two of them huddled under the blanket and relaxed just as the opening credits rolled in.
He wasn't supposed to be back until two weeks from now but he lost quite a lot of blood and in need of enough time to recuperate. He didn't quite expect to find the girl alone in the library either when he came home.
While Peter was inside the fast food chain, Ruby looked up at the big yellow letter 'm' of the logo stand towering just behind her. She wondered if she could somehow practice her power by getting herself up there.
Tony smiled at the two guests.
Ruby knew this story. She learnt all about it in her history lessons. James Buchannan Barnes. Excellent sniper, became prisoner of war along with his men in the 107th infantry regiment. It was how Steve Rogers became Captain America.
“Stevie, what’s the situation?”
Making sure that no one else could see her, Ruby closed her eyes and attempted to search for that energy she felt earlier this morning then focused it onto the centre of her palms. She saw the veins starting from the middle of her forearms lined with that familiar fiery orange luminescence that reached through her fingertips. With the tiny orbs of concentrated glowing energy in her hands, Ruby's intuition told her to toss it to the space just right next to her.
It didn't take long for her to get rid of the blood stains and soon she found herself reading again. This time, she was sprawled stomach flat on the carpet. Going to bed now would only mean that she would spend hours and hours of tossing around in the bed trying to sleep just like what happened in the past few days. So, she decided to just tire herself out reading until she can't fight sleep anymore.
“Take me web slinging with you and I’ll call it quits."
"You don't wanna know, kid." Bucky replied as he groaned when the girl poured saline solution to irrigate the wound. "You don't need to do this, either. My healing factor would take care of it and in a few hours I'll be good as new."
Her breathing turned more erratic when she clutched down the ground, burying her head in between her knees as she tried to zone out the harsh noises inhabiting the place.
Tony had been tasked to create a detailed blueprint of the facility. So far, he had only gone through the west wing and most of the south wing. There had been a number of science labs and storage rooms that he had taken note off. Friday added them to the visual plan he had displayed on the monitor of his faceplate.
Ruby continued to follow the direction of her voice. The closer she got, the more anxious she felt. Despite the heavy feeling of uncertainty in the air, she treaded through the rocky path until she reached a humungous angel oak tree perched in between of two diverging paths.
Oh well, not that it really mattered.
Author's note: Sorry guys, that kinda got heavy with Eternity and Infinity's history. But hey, at least now you know their past. And just so you know, Infinity and Eternity are actual Marvel comic characters but their characterisation in this story is a product of my own. That was because I was too lazy to read any comics involving them so I just made their own background history. Lol.
* * *
"And pray tell, what were you thinking about?" She whispered, her lips slightly grazing Vision's ear as she straddled his lap.
"What do I need to do to get that?" Ruby asked the man.
Upon hearing the Voice, Ruby felt herself slowly calming back down. She regained her bearings. Spidey was only a few feet from her. She hastily scrambled towards his side and propped his head up on her lap. His mask was torn to one side and was shocked to see the face that greeted her.
“Yessir.”
Two years and all, Stark had been excellent with the arm. He even came up with a number of suggestions and improvements which actually impressed the Princess. Not that Bucky would admit it to his face. God knows the man had his ego stroked more than enough to last his lifetime.
"Friday, where could I make some coffee?" Ruby thought that the AI wouldn't reply so now she felt silly for looking up the ceiling, but a second later Friday answered, "For your best interests, I should not really indulge you considering the late hour. However, given that I have detected an abnormal pattern of your heart rate earlier, perhaps being up and about would put you more at ease. Am I correct to assume that trying to sleep tonight gave you anxiety?" Ruby nodded, not really sure whether the AI managed to get her response.
Hey guys! Shout out to those who subscribed,  bookmarked and gave kudos to this story! Thank you, it means so much to me. Anyways, here's Chapter 4. Happy reading!
"Oh come on, take the stick out of your ass, Capsicle." Tony snorted and pressed the button at the centre of his chest to disengage his nanotech suit. "I was gonna tell you but I didn't know that lovebirds here would literally take just an hour to get here from the opposite side of the country. Which," Tony paused and pointed both his left and right index fingers at their guests. "Was impressive, by the way. Don't care how you did it, but well done. And now this brings me to explain why I've called for them."
Except, that human being wasn't her.
They were all surprised to find him home since they knew that Fury gave him quite a hefty mission to finish. Natasha's eyes narrowed as she looked at Bucky. There was no reason why he would come home unless he was injured in the middle of a mission. It also looked like Steve came to a similar conclusion judging by the way he clenched his jaw and shook his head.
“Go!”
Steve sighed and regarded the kids in front of him who glanced up with glazed eyes, looking so distraught and upset. Although he admired Peter's sheer tenacity for helping people, he couldn't fault Tony for being frightened at seeing him on the local news lying in the middle of the road, about to be axed by a symbiote.
"Even so, my orders were not to severely harm her. You are dismissed. Wait outside for your punishment." In a breath, the servant was out of the room. Ruby was still whimpering over the pain of her broken bones when the man took hold of her chin, forcing her to look at him.
Thinking that Wanda may take long and that she can't exactly go back to sleep anymore, Ruby reconsidered his offer. "Sure, what harm can it do, right?"
Devour her.
Meanwhile, Tony hurriedly approached Ruby’s location after he saw her literally fall from high up in the air to flat down on the ground. He was definitely sure that he heard a sickening crack of bones upon the impact but when he reached the girl, he was disturbed by her unharmed form despite of the pool of blood she was lying on.
"Imagine my surprise when I heard they've taken you in." Mordo continued. Ruby still didn't say anything. He shouldn’t dare bring her family into this. His issue was with her and Infinity. Ruby will kill Mordo with her bare hands.
The Voice warned.
She closed her eyes tight in an attempt to stop tears from flooding down the sides of her face. Taking two deep breaths, Ruby tried to reassure herself that everything will be alright. No big deal, right? HYDRA just captured her again. She survived 2 years with them so she could surely endure a little bit more. Plus, she wasn't really alone like before. She got Infinity now.
Thankfully, they didn't make a big fuss about it. Just a few,
Glancing up, he saw Tony looking straight at him and the two didn't need to form words to realise that the both of them reached them same conclusion. Going by the fact that Ruby passed out in his arms, Steve thought that the use of her abilities must have exhausted her. He called out for his team to travel back to the headquarters in the comms. SHIELD could deal with the damage control and he was sure that by the end of the day, there will be a damage fee claim posted on their doorstep.
The Voice proclaimed in a sing-song manner. She just shook her head at her mental companion's antics. For once, it felt like the notion of having the Voice inside her head forever didn't seem too scary. Ruby looked at everyone hovering around Peter with a fond expression. She got a new family now.
"Who are you? Why are you in Mr. Stark's room?" A guy asked accusingly. His face was covered with a loose Spider Man mask which didn't really match the rest of his outfit: a lord of the rings hoodie and ripped jeans.
Ruby’s eyes widened when it finally hit her.
Ruby puckered her lips to spat on Mordo’s face when he ventured close enough. She smirked in victory when she saw that it landed dead straight on the cosmic being’s nose. In all honesty, she was very tired. Instead of lying on the bed, she was now suspended from the ceiling with her hands shackled with vibranium chains. Infinity’s voice still hadn’t turned up in this poor torture party and every now and then, she would remember that the Tower was in attack. It didn’t help that Mordo was also playing mind games with her.
Ruby was horrified when she thought about being put up for foster care. The idea of entrusting herself to some stranger sent unwelcomed chills crawling up her spine. Perhaps, she would just run away and live at the streets if she was lucky enough to escape social services.
Looking around, she found a vent opening secured by square plastic grilles situated at the top right corner of the room from where she was facing. Wasting no time, Natasha used a rickety wooden table as a leverage to prop herself up.
ability, she also had this Voice that knew nothing about of how she could control it. Maybe this was why HYDRA had her and do all sorts of experiments with her. She couldn't really remember what happens to her after experiments because every single time, they will inject her something that would result to memory loss. The only thing she would remember was being in the Dark Room before they send her in to start an experiment.
Ruby gasped at the unexpected Voice she heard in her head. Understanding that Ruby wanted answers now, the Voice continued their silent conversation.
"I thought… you were lying on the floor dying?" Peter answered as he shrugged his shoulders because technically, that was what it looked like from his perspective. Ruby was lying on her left side, head cushioned against her arm while her waist was twisted so that the lower part of her body laid flat on the floor. Sleeping wasn't really the first thing that came into Peter's mind, sue him.
"It's not polite for me to just barge in." Tony snorted. Only Steve would bother being polite when he was in front of the epitome of impoliteness himself.
(See the end of the chapter for
It took him a while to realise that Ruby’s explosion took the
Peter didn't have to be asked twice. Once he was on his feet, Ruby excitedly hopped onto his back. Her legs curled tightly around his waist while her arms found themselves encircling the expanse of his shoulder. To be honest, Ruby didn't do well with heights but not everyone gets the chance to swing around the city with Spidey so she would suck it up and have fun.
Steve sat on the couch in the communal living room of the Avengers tower, his legs folded, one on top of the other. His dirty blonde hair was sticking at all angles as he did not bother to damp it down the moment he woke up.
Ruby had been so hurt. She couldn't believe she lost her life and her parents over this. To heck with this cosmic beings shit. And Infinity could take her abilities with her and leave her body. She didn't want any of it in the first place so she hoped that the entity could just fuck off and get out.
Which was totally weird. Because Peter Benjamin Parker always cared about what Tony knows about his vigilante night escapades. Ruby decided to let it go. When he's ready, she was sure that he'll tell her eventually.
Sooner or later, they would leave and then what will she do?
Taking a step forward, Infinity began to explain,
Ruby's eyes lit up at the idea but she shook her head. "I'm not really in the mood to explain this to Tony and Steve." She replied, pointing at the red mark. It was only the two men in the tower today. She both saw them down in the communal floor eating breakfast this morning, just before she went up to the roof top. Apparently, Clint and Natasha would stay the weekend in California and left earlier to catch their flight. Ruby asked if they were dating but Tony only shook his head while saying, "God knows when those two idiots actually realise that they are." Bucky, on the other hand, had an appointment with his therapist and according to Steve, he tended to stay out of the Tower a few hours after it.
“No? Okay then, don’t tell me I didn’t give you a chance.”
Wanda's gaze met the girl's light blue orbs. She tried to enter her mind, just so she could have her own read of what the girl can do. That's what Tony called her for, anyway. As soon as she began to prod into the girl's mind, she gasped and was surprised to feel the same force blocking her way in. She got pushed out even before she managed to take a glimpse of the girl's memories and abilities. But there was something else she heard in there.
For now, he'll play the strict Captain to punish the two teenagers who worried them last night. He actually went up to Ruby's room to wake her up at half 4 this morning but the sight he saw pinched at his soul. The kids were asleep, cuddled together on the bed while a movie was still playing on the TV.
Ruby sighed in defeat and frustration.
She went straight to the kitchen to find the coffee maker once she reached the said floor. Friday told her that the coffee beans were on the top right shelf and being the short person that she was, she needed to use a stool to reach it. After making her coffee, Ruby decided to pass time on the balcony.
“Cap!” Tony shouted. “Ruby’s down!”
"She could be a mutant. But her file didn't mention her having the X-Gene nor having any superhuman abilities." Tony dismissed the fleeting thought in his mind that this could be a result of inhumane experiments those HYDRA shitheads did to her. "It doesn't matter, but it looks like whatever ability she has, she has no control over it."
Infinity sighed at the gasp that came out of the girl. “I really appreciate it, my child. But look.” She pointed at Ruby’s chest.  “The light of your candle is not there anymore. We could not go back and defeat my brother. It’s over.”
"Shut up, kid. Go ride the carousel." Tony huffed, completely in denial of the heat he's feeling coming up his cheeks. But Ruby didn't hear his retort. She was already skipping her way down to the next ride she wanted to go on.
There was a
"I am." Peter replied, then coughed, blood spewing out of his mouth with every huff, before speaking again. "And you, you have powers! You're like the freaking Scarlet Witch but orange. And shorter."
"Hello, Wanda." He greeted, and turned his gaze on the other man. "Vision."
The AI didn't reply for more than half a minute and both teenagers were completely convinced that she was already tattling off to Tony. They looked at each other’s eyes, nervous and hoping that the AI didn't do just that.
Surprisingly, entering the theme park went well. There were a few moments where Ruby thought she was going to have a panic attack which Tony seemed to notice, going by the fact that he kept asking,
And it felt so awesome!
She could hear several heartbeats slamming against their ribcages in a steadily increasing rhythm.
Ruby smirked up at Bucky as she jumped but soon enough, her face contorted into full blown panic when she realised that she was actually falling down face first. In an attempt to soften the blow, Ruby tried to manoeuvre herself mid-air into a landing position but she wasn't quick enough and fell painfully on her right foot first.
Ruby said in dismay. She couldn't believe what she was hearing. It sounded like some plot of a bad scifi movie.
Once she was convinced that she could get back on her feet again, Ruby gathered her energy on the centre of her palms and smiled as soon as she saw the ball of streaks of fiery luminescence in her hand. Excited that she knew she could get Steve off guard now, she threw the energy at him.
Bucky bit his cheek in thought before speaking. "The boy was just trying to help." Bucky would bet Steve's shield that Peter didn't know how powerful the symbiote was. He probably didn't even know what it was.
Ruby ended up following Bucky to the gym. She thought that they'll probably start working out or something like that, but when Bucky basically ignored all of the equipment in there and went straight through a door just in the corner, Ruby couldn't exactly deny that it didn't pique her curiosity.
"You do know you have access codes to the workshop, right?" Tony said before dropping his attention back to what he was doing. He really found Steve's current bedhead paired with a shirt two sizes smaller to be very dangerous.
Lord knows Tony will have a fit if he sees that.
* * *
Well, anyways, as mentioned before, Tony and Steve had been lazy today. After finishing his project at the lab, Tony said that he’ll watch a movie and asked Steve if he wanted to come along. So this was the reason why they found themselves on a Star Wars movie marathon, curled up underneath a blanket on the communal room’s couch and munching on nachos. They were on the 4th one already and Steve still couldn’t get enough of how Tony mouthed the dialogue of his favourite characters along with the movie.
"Hey, I never agreed to spar!"
Yes, even with his mask on. She could tell. Don't ask how. She just knew. Goddamn it.
The creature incident happened near Lower Manhattan and what was supposed to be a 20 minute drive home turned out to be an hour walk with both of them broke as fuck. They have also been having the same debate for the same amount of time they were walking because both of them wasn’t really fond of the idea of facing Steve and Tony back home. Even though both of them knew that they'll be equally dead by the end of it anyway.
“Ruby, wake up, Princess.”
No doubt that's probably related to the journal entry that Fury showed to them earlier this morning.
"Captain Rogers. I apologise for calling on this day but I need people from your team for a mission briefing. It's HYDRA."
