From: redbeard001@ox.edu
“You’re remembering.” Sherlock’s voice is a quiet rumble. John nods, looking pale and stricken. Sherlock steeps the teabags, adds milk, and brings their mugs to the couch. John takes his gratefully, cradling the hot mug as if it could keep him afloat. Sherlock sits close, watchful, taking careful sips.
Sherlock wakes slowly, blinking lazily to late-morning sunlight, a pleasant dream of Victor still hovering at the edge of memory. He can smell bacon, beans and toast. An incongrous plate of breakfast is steaming on the worktop. He rolls out of the tangle of bedclothes toward the food, stomach audibly grumbling, single-minded in his sleepiness.
“Look at that,” John mused. “Very tricky. Never seen
He brought his fingertips to Sherlock’s chest, his eyes taking on the soft focus that Sherlock had come to know as John reading the inner workings of his physical body.
John’s head broke the surface and he gasped for breath. He was alone.
“But it’s true,” Sherlock blinks at him. “I have other things to occupy my time now.”
“So you found the antidote in the nick of time, then?”
“Well, in that case,” she smirks saucily, “I’d best turn up the telly tonight.” She cackles in reaction to their shocked faces. “Oh, go on, go on, you’re both half-pickled by the look of you. Come down for tea tomorrow, once you’re decent.” She pats their shoulders and bustles off.
“Oh. Got yourself a date tonight, then?” It is decidedly
John’s solar plexus prickles with panic.
“So you had no idea that was going to happen that day?”
“Did your boss do this to you?” Sherlock blusters, picturing dark suits swarming him in his lab. Sherrin laughs bitterly.
“It’s not as though her mind’s been erased. She apparently has excellent recall of her childhood. Other things come and go sporadically. But faces, recent events, they’re unreliably available to her. She frequently forgets where she is and becomes alarmed. They’re bringing her here, to care for–”
As they walk, Sherlock catches a glance of them in a storefront as they pass. He glows with pride at the sight of John so close, so
“Damn… I’m so sorry. That must have been awful.”
“There’s two bedrooms…” Sherlock trails off, lamely.
Sherlock’s fist had stayed clenched in
“You’ve got to get me out of here, Billy,” Sherrin mutters against his shoulder. “They’re poisoning the food, sending in doubles of you. They’re trying to make me think I’m
“Another sniper, this time at the bakery you frequented. We could handle snipers – you were always surrounded by a hidden guard when we tried to make contact.”
It shouldn’t be a surprise that they’ve been monitoring him all this time, but it still makes his skin crawl. She releases his aching fingers and snaps into a cheery guise that’s almost more terrifying than the fierce one.
“Sherlock,” John says evenly, a hint of his repressed fury kindling in his tone, “please understand me. You throw a door between us, and I will break it down.” He swallows. “Every time.”
John blinked
There’s always
“Oh, but Daddy wants
“And he aced last week’s?”
John is curled onto his side and half asleep when Sherlock finally slides under the blankets of their bed, fitting into the negative space behind knee and curve of spine. In a gesture that has become automatic, he wraps his arm around John’s belly, chin nestled over his soft cranium. John gives an appreciative wiggle at his presence.
“Right, so it was during one of those days I was here, hooking you up for your IV antibiotics, bullying you to eat. We’d been rubbing each other up the wrong way all morning, so I retreated to the kitchen for a bit, waiting for the kettle, reading the papers. I saw the story about Magnusson on trial for your shooting. I was thinking about that slimy git, how much he’d hurt you, how much I hated him…
Except for an antiseptic vacancy, it was as if the Magpie Collective had never been. He had retreated to his bed, careful of his sutures, and brooded. Erasure was somehow worse than pursuit. They had gotten what they needed and tossed him aside. He was free, but the price had been unfathomable.
John quickly, but gently, helps Sherlock slide out of his coat, being extremely careful as he removes the sleeve on his right arm. The tight, eggplant-colored shirt is stained a dark indigo around a jagged tear in the fabric of his bicep.
A cloud passes over the sun and he shivers. His body needs him again, bloody nuisance. He plods through the silent crowd of creatures toward the tall, thick hedge enclosing the garden and slips through a wrought-iron gate, bracing himself.
Sherlock shoots him a fast grin as he deftly tosses the largest boy onto his back, knocking the breath from him. His feet dance through his Capoeira maneuvers as he sizes up the third. Third Bully holds up his fists and snarls. Sherlock ducks his slow punch and flips him, the arsehole's head hitting the pavement with a satisfying crack. He groans and does not stir.
“Hear you,” John mumbles weakly against his shoulder, and rallies his hands to briefly squeeze Sherlock’s back.
, Sherlock, it was reality. And so was every thought I had.”
“Fine. Why are you here?”
The idea floats up unbidden.
John’s eyes snap to him suspiciously,
It troubled him. Dreams full of vivid sensation were usually premonitions, like the one that had warned him of John’s coming, and more danger ahead. But
With Nature’s incense to the skies
he thought with a resigned huff.
John sinks heavily to the couch as the vision of his wife disintegrates. The memories rush into his mind so violently that he cries out, catching Mary and Sherlock’s attention. His head thrums with pain.
Unable to get his breath, John grabbed Sherlock’s hand. At the touch, the strange purple energy sparked across their skin. John gasped at the flood of effervescence that spread through his body from the point of contact, but had no time for magical mysteries. Pressing Sherlock’s palm hard to his temple, he roared the new memories across to him, ending with:
To: wssh1875@iol.com
John shudders, eyes squeezing, and Sherlock holds his breath, waiting.
, Billy.”
“Buried alive, eh?” He turns the fear into more yelling.
“Think, damn you, just sod it and
happy for you.” John and Sherlock gawk at her for a moment, then grin and thank her as she slips away.
“Ten,” John says blearily, squinting at his mobile. “Quite the lie-in.” He frowns and touches his temple lightly, then looks down at himself with a chuckle. “What a couple of light-weights we are. I’m still in my bloody clothes.” He grimaces. “Ugh, I taste
He hesitantly touched his face, wincing. He couldn’t do anything about the black eye. He took a long, shuddery breath and looked up at the brave starling. “A halfblood might have flown away. Like you. Why do people think flying’s so evil, hm?”
“John, the rope isn't long enough for you to reach from your position. Take a deep breath. I have to let go of you while I dive down. Good, there, take another, and one more. I’ll be right back to hold you up. Okay, ready, here we go.”
Time slows, the blessing of synapses processing their data through the syrup of shock.
Sherlock anxiously gives John a considering look. “I know you won’t like this, but John, you need medical care. I want…” he sucks in a breath. “I want more than
“What on earth are you on about?” John bursts. “This some new kink we’re to try?”
“John! Really! You could have just asked!”
John blinks at him incredulously. “You’re actually
Sherlock’s stomach lurches. He feels a freezing paralysis in his limbs and sinks to the cold tile floor, the camera gripped in his shaking, white-tipped fingers. His heart beats furiously in his throat. He can’t breathe.
Lestrade maneuvered his quadi until it was close to Gregson’s. “Tobi?” She glanced up from her loping automaton, looking miserable and close to being sick. “Up for another flight tonight?”
Thank YOU, as always, for reading. <3
The wait is hell.
. . .
again. Please, before it’s too late, break my collar.
John closes his eyes and scowls at what he’s watching in his mind’s eye, tightens his lips for several long moments while Sherlock perches like a cat next to him on the bed, watching with barely contained impatience.
“He had yellowing, tobacco-stained fingernails. A fatty middle. A flask hidden behind the tongue depressors. All indicate unhealthy habits despite his line of work. Also, the texts on his shelf were fifteen years out of date. I don’t want someone like that giving me health advice about our daughter.”
Sherlock turned John’s wrist to glance at his watch.
“What? Christ Greg I…” John looks from Sherlock to Lestrade, bewildered, and thumps back into the chair wearily. “I remember going to Magnusson’s, trailing Sherlock there. Something he was doing for a case, said I mustn’t come, so I…”
John bounces on the balls of his feet before the kiosk, the thrill crackling through his veins. He loves this part, when the variables could go either way on a hairpin moment. He pushes the call button. Janine’s familiar face appears in black and white on a small screen. He smiles at her in a way he hopes says, ‘Of course I’m supposed to be here.’ She scrunches her eyes as she works out who he is, then grins warmly.
To: redbeard001@ox.edu
With a shudder, Sherlock is awake and rational, his mind orienting himself inside the Inn in Beddgelert. He’d fallen asleep at his work table, the hard chair digging into the old scar tissue of his back. How long? His laptop battery is dead. Too dark to see where he’d left his phone. The river babbles just outside the window. Standing to stretch his sore back, he can see a few stars, but no moon.
“Dementia. Very rapid onset. She can’t even recognize Mum.”
John chuckled from the hall. “Why fly when we can teleport?”
John gasps, pulling Sherlock up to hold him in the stream of hot water. “I feel like a ruddy horny teenager - I’ve never done it so much in so short a time.”
“Oo, let’s read The Hobbit next.” >
“I wish I did.” It’s not even a complete lie. They lock eyes for several heartbeats, Mycroft boring through his façade. He breaks the stare first, taking another drag and continues in his same bored manner.
“Sherlock, if I’m dying of hypothermia, aren’t you s’posed to be starkers in the coat
His mind was clearly disturbed to be missing the piece of the puzzle that had brought them here. Sherlock pulled open his leaden eyes and glanced at John, wondering for a moment if he could lift the information from the sleeping man’s mind, but a shudder kept him frozen.
“Did they tell you to make an antidote?”
John hugs the pillow again, smiling sleepily, watching him work. His eyes slide to Sherlock’s jaw and the smile drops. Sitting up quickly, he gently tilts Sherlock’s face toward the light.
Sherlock continues to look abashed as he pulls on a clean shirt, his hair disheveled. Just as they are about to venture out, John pulls Sherlock to him gently.
The trio darted over the hilly landscape in their military-issue coptor, leaving a trail of steam in its wake. From where Lestrade hunched in the dorsal pod, gripping his stomach miserably, he could see Tobi grinning, completely at ease behind the controls. Lestrade silently yearned for the days when a pokey old zeppelin would have done the job.
“Know you do,” he sighs. “Seems to be our family weakness. But you’re a kid, allowed flights of fancy once in a while. Sit under this willow and read some proper Tolkien, Billy.”
John ducks his eyes, looking abashed, then bites his lip and confronts Sherlock with his jaw squared, a glint of the soldier in the way he holds his head. “
Spitting onto the leaves, the Netter grabbed the searchlight hovering above his head and studied a row of dials planted into the flesh of his arm.
William grinned hugely, his little teeth shining. “Course you will. Get your bearings in town. Then look for me in the Wormworks, they all know me. Now. When you’ve landed properly, follow Sparks. She’ll keep you in her sight, won’t lead you astray. You’ll know when you reach the haven. Ta, now!”
Mrs. Hudson gave John a careful look. “You seem to be quite an adept healer, John Watson, but I will presume your herbal lore is woefully lacking.” She held up the singed herbs. “
Sherlock is aware he’s been aloof for most of the Snowdon descent and the drive back to Beddgelert ­– lost in his thoughts about the footprints, feeling churned and horrible about John’s fall, confused about several moments between them on the ridge. Clarity won’t come.
Sherlock pulls up taut, looking for the barb. There isn’t one.
, I’d forgotten how
“Hold tight, Bee, I’ll give you a tug.”
Telekinetics move: lifting up and pushing carts;
“Here, try these on, make sure they’re a good fit.”
his mind had calculated.
the reason they made him ill – to force me to finish the formula.
“–the hell?”
“No more magic. You are both more depleted than you realize. Rest for a while in the glade. The resonance will restore you on a deep, cellular level.” She yawned. “I’m going to take a nap in the shade.”
Sherlock nodded, taking several deep breaths until the dizzy spell passed. “John,” he said mildly into the quiet, “what are you keeping from me?”
for them?”
“Oh please, I merely introduced the pheromone to his jacket before he went on that horrid tiger hunt. It was hardly assassination. Everyone knows tigers are dangerous creatures, you take your chances.”
60% success. I’d dance if I wasn’t so exhausted. Thanks for the tip (I thought you weren’t interested anymore…) Stay tuned.
“Not at all, it’s painfully obvious, Chen. Soak your feet in epsom salt after practice. Now, off with you. Study hard.”
“Ballet, Chen, and do admit it proudly.”
The video does not do it justice. His memory does not do it justice.
After several minutes, Sherlock kisses the top of his head and steps away to retrieve his tea. John blearily opens his eyes, smiling wanly. Suddenly he snaps the laptop closed
Before John could protest further, Kinsey strode away and melted into the crowd.
John abruptly broke their connection and settled into the armchair near the sofa, pointedly looking into the fire.
With a final tug, they were dragged onto the starling’s slick, stone bank. John struggled, but Sherlock’s unconscious weight and the cords of the net held him fast.
“Alright, Avery, I have a very important job for you.” John holds up a thin blue, rattling tube Sherlock recognizes as homeopathics. “You both need to take three of these arnica tablets every fifteen minutes for the next hour. Avery, I see you’re wearing a rather formidable watch. Think you could track that? It’ll help immensely with the shock you’re both feeling, and with Chen’s injury.”
, 2015, five years after John blogged A Study in Pink
He let his glamor fade and became briefly engrossed in a cluster of spindly red mushrooms on their log, but a jaw-cracking yawn broke his concentration.
he thought irritably. If this medium was pretending to be a
“Oh please, John, he’s obviously dwarven. Cave trolls have terrible detail retention.”
“By the Wall…” John breathed. “It’s ghastly. Who could manage such powerful iron magic?”
“I had no choice, Mycroft. He has snipers on all of them. Once I understood Moriarty was the only variable that could call them off, he… simply removed that possibility.”
“Three days, Sherlock. No more. The trace you so cleverly applied is already degrading. I do not expect it to be reliable beyond our agreed-upon date. We do not want to lose track of her and risk a repeat
“How could you know that?” Tallack growled.
19.07.93  4:15
“Next… we give the photos to Meredith, tell her what we saw. The footprints indicate a struggle. I genuinely thought we would find concrete evidence of an accident, but it’s not enough to incriminate him."
He listens to her little repetitious sound, watches her flapping arms.
Sherlock noted that John’s head snapped to consider him with surprise.
Peeking out from beneath the hairline. This one was smaller, just pinpricks, really, but clearly in a regular alignment of three
Lestrade had known that Queen Toria had exhibited a sharp scientific mind early in her childhood. But at this visit, as he was led down harshly-lit white corridors and past vats of murky green fluid, he heard more of the story than he’d ever imagined.
“Rosamund, Sherlock.”
“You’ve been angling for this the whole time. I see that now.”
It happens in a blink of an eye. She lightly touches her wedding ring. It clicks strangely, John hears it as he jumps to knock her down. She twists away from him as smoothly as if they had choreographed it, slashing her hand through the air in front of them. John feels a soft spray of droplets across his face and blinks, landing awkwardly where she had just stood.
Sherlock’s eyes flashed to John’s and he saw that hint of smile again.
John’s chest heaves as if he’s run a sprint; his eyes are wide, dilated, locked onto Sherlock’s, reading something there. Rather than seeming annoyed or confused by Sherlock’s presence in his bed, John seems flung open, raw, the tear-tracks on his cheeks still wet.
The panther’s mistress, however, still seemed in doubt. John felt very small as she scrutinized them with a steady, grey-eyed glare, tapping her teeth with a blunt fingernail. “You’re not what I expected at all.”
“Things keep coming back. I want to tell you, but I don’t know where the holes are, what else could be missing.”
Sherlock:
we found his cap.”
John sniffed a little laugh, his cheeks pinking in the candlelight. They looked at one another for several moments, warmth rolling from John, the fizzy sensation prickling in Sherlock’s abdomen.
“I observed you were becoming increasingly troubled. I anticipated the amnesia would deteriorate, but I had no idea how long it would take, or in what manner.”
“Of course I do."
John does so with a bemused scowl. It’s a tight fit. Sherlock hunches cross-legged, his head nearly brushing the compartment ceiling, his shoulder pressing against John’s. John doesn’t pull away, but then, there is nothing overly familiar about two mates sitting close, despite the bloom of warmth it causes in Sherlock’s abdomen.
“It would seem,” the Lieutenant said smoothy, “that my third theory was correct.”
John can hear it now, too, his body going rigid. “Oh bloody
, a traveling troupe making its annual circuit through southern England.
“Excuse me, Misters Holmes-Watson–”
A thump from down the hall snaps him out of his reverie. Rising soundlessly to his feet, senses alert, he pads quickly across the carpet of the sitting room, stepping carefully between the papers.
Sherlock steepled his fingers beneath his chin, feigning boredom, though he was pleased to have an audience. “Quite simple, really. The envelope was very lightly stained with drops of water, suggesting rain. It’s been dry since a thunderstorm swept through last Wednesday – it blew over the big top just before the show, the boss was furious.” Sherlock grinned at the memory.
Wishing you all health, peace, and safety, dear readers.
Lestrade nodded, wearily running his hand through his short, greying hair. Tobi had joined them and stood at attention, all squeamishness shuttered.
chemicals in this flat is much too dangerous. I was thinking your old room should be the nursery.”
“I remember now. But it’s…it’s hard to say it. To relive it.”
mind. We clear on that?”
He’s brushing his teeth and planning a pot of tea (if he can find the kettle in the wreckage of the kitchen), when he notices the mark on his shoulder’s reflection. Toothbrush dangling, he twists to examine it in the mirror, realizing with a sudden warm flush that it’s a little rosette-shaped kiss mark from the night before. Then he spots two others, closer to his neck.
Sherlock shrugged. “It’s possible, but the light smudge of cinnamon suggests she had it about her person this morning while baking.” He looked to Mrs. Hudson. “You said yourself that you hadn’t baked biscuits in ages. Water stains wouldn’t fade, but the scent of cinnamon on the paper would have. The contents were of some importance, as you kept it in your pocket, and likely from a halfblood who can magically seal a letter.”
The back door suddenly opens and the kitchen and living room fill with civilian-clad operatives, all looking like they’ve just wandered into the house for a casual dinner party.
I can’t divulge the details to anyone, not even you.”
John holds her weight, his breath suddenly coming in huffs as he realizes
To: redbeard001@ox.edu
“Sherlock?”
John, still wearing his messenger bag, follows Sherlock down the stairs. Sherlock waits patiently for him at the door as he struggles down, and doesn’t comment.
“John – what is it? What’s wrong?”
“I had no idea you were such a romantic,” John chuckles, leaning against the couch to take in the pile of gear. Warmth bubbling in his chest, Sherlock hides his smile by staring down at his feet clad in sleek new walking boots. “And Rosie?”
Stomach thrilling with the risk of it, John pads cautiously up the curving steel stairwell to the mezzanine outside Magnusson’s enclosed office. As he edges closer to the doorway, he can hear muffled voices through the thick, opaque glass. Magnusson, Sherlock and… surely not.
“I’m going to climb out now and pull you up, John. I’ll just be right outside the well.” John wonders if Sherlock can deduce how frightened he’s been. He worries now about how his reedy friend could possibly lug him all the way up single-handedly. Sherlock grips his shoulder reassuringly. “There’s a young beech tree nearby I can use for leverage.” John nods weakly while Sherlock climbs up and away.
John’s relief soured. “How do you mean?
The boy smirked. “Yes, Sir. That’s easy, Sir.”
John frowned.
Sherlock’s heart squeezes painfully at this sight. He carefully eases onto the sofa above him and, watching the tableau of his little sleeping family, tents his fingers before his lips. He studies John and
a strange choice, and he’s replaced the some of the lyrics. He creeps up the stairs, avoiding the squeaky one, and looks into the nursery to see Sherlock in the rocker, the remnants of Melissa’s feeding strewn on the table beside him.
“Did you in, eh?” John hums in his ear, nibbling the earlobe and grazing his fingertips along his thigh. Sherlock chuckles thickly, pulling him tighter. “I should clean us up,” John mutters, shifting to disentangle himself. Sherlock tightens his grip on his arms around his chest.
“Witch’s
His mum cries soundlessly the whole ride home, his dad grips the steering wheel with white knuckles. Mycroft casts him a few meaningful glances, but stares out the window for most of the trip. Sherlock slumps in his seat, weighing the potential outcomes and risks of his choices over and over. His nerves suit the situation perfectly and do not have to be disguised.
“Thank you, Bee,” John said. “My day was missing a jumper bean. Is your day missing ginger nuts? Because I’ve just taken some from the oven.”
“Of course, yes.”
“What?”
He plops the packages on the table and receives a grand view of Sherlock in his chair by the fire, bare chested in a silky dressing gown, wearing a complicated looking bra hooked up to tubes and emitting a regular pulsing sound. Sherlock’s eyes are closed and he looks blissful.
“The tube was also delayed this morning and you were able to read more of the paper on your commute than usual.”
It would look suspicious if he skipped out now when he’d made such a fuss about enjoying their day of leave. Kinsey would expect his divulged information to have John floating on air.
Note: This chapter touches on addiction.
“John, pass me the camera, will you?” Without turning, he holds his hand out, expecting the camera to materialize there, not taking his eyes from the disturbing set of footprints. “I’ve found something in the victim’s tracks–”
, is this the same wilted man who limped across my doorstep only yesterday morning?”
He leans against the counter, appraising Sherlock as he sits at the table chopping peppers.
“Mr. Holmes, Eärendil was Elrond’s bloody grandad, everybody knows about him,” Geoffrey rumbles. “You should be more careful.”
grief, I was even more... malleable. Of course, we learned that she wanted me out of the picture the entire time. I admit I had doubts that she would remain true to her pledge, but double-crossing her always put you at risk. And the risk was
“What is this place?” Sherlock asked, his eyes roving up the huge, mist-shrouded buildings.
John grinned with bubbling relief – this was
“He wanted… I’m to be…” Sherlock stammers.
“You should hear my Smaug.”
Instinctively, Sherlock turns to their suitcase dropped in the corner, but his heart sinks. He’d been so careful to think of everything – from John’s soft pajamas to his phone charger – but he hadn’t anticipated
John sat up carefully, his fear shifting to awe as the creature grinned at them with gentle eyes. “Th–thank you, that was very kind,” John stuttered toward the huge, shadowy face. “We would have drowned for certain.”
magic – settled heavily around his temples, immediately dulling his thoughts and muting his magic. Sagging, John willed the capture to be done with, anything to get them out of this forest and away from Sherlock.
John’s thought-voice whispered hesitantly into Sherlock’s mind.
Course, Sherlock had noticed. Hadn’t gone well.
watching you that night, I’d never seen you have such a -
“Ah, good, so I’ll live?”
“You want to wait a moment?” he asked as Sherlock moved to press on.
“No one ordered me to. Not like the other time.” He turns and blinks, as if seeing Mycroft for the first time since he’s woken. “It was brilliant. Just for that morning, he was back, everything was okay, we were going to
Enormous thanks to those of you reading along, leaving kudos and taking a moment to comment. It is so exciting to share this with you. I have literally fallen back in love with writing through this project. Your support means worlds.
Why had he let them put the iron on his head, anyway? How could he have not known Faerie blood flowed in his veins?
Sherlock bites his lip and nods, slowly unclenching his hands and noting the white grip marks he leaves on John’s lightly sunburned forearms. He sits back on his haunches, eyes darting from John to cliff edge, surveying the scene rapidly.
Sherlock: Qnatre Qrfgebl nyy GQ erpbeqf Lbh xabj abguvat V nz fb fbeel V jvyy nyjnlf or cebhq bs lbh.
“You should know,” Sherlock cuts through his stammer. “At the hospital. At my bedside. I heard you. When you told me…
damned detail. Much as I’d like to erase them.”
“For the fourth time,
Sherlock marvels at the way his chest constricts, the surge of blind, bright happiness bubbling up. God, to be
him to have meant it, or is terrified that he did.
Sherlock very suddenly swoops onto one knee and takes John’s hand, making him laugh.
“I like it. It’s very familiar. I must have glimpsed it during our first contact.”
over and over.
drop you!”
Sherlock reached out for him again with his mind, but found the flat surprisingly lacking his energetic echoes.
“What is it?” Sherlock scowls. John hands him the phone to read for himself. “Do we want a
“I get to add Well,” John calls up. “Beaten by Rope or Bone or…Detective. Not sure how you’d signal that one.” Fog swirls in his mind, he frowns. “Wait, did you just say
Mrs. Hudson, the panther, the flat, and all of their uncanny adventure faded from John’s mind as he poured his concentration into the methodic, complex removal of pathogen-rich mucous through Sherlock’s skin. It was a rather messy healing method. He pulled strands of the thick mucosa from the surface of Sherlock’s chest, then efficiently cast them into the pan Mrs. Hudson provided.
with him, he bolts for the hall.
“Got to get away!” came his strangled cry through the roar of wind.
William poured tea while stretching to remove the star-cover from the lantern, filling the cave with warm light.
you’re pacing like a bloody stereotype.”
John peered around the curve of his tree as the small group walked into a wide clearing. Two human, man and woman, and a single Netter. Farther beyond he could see the shadowy equine shapes of three Netter-issue quadies. That explained why he’d never heard the telltale sound of coptors. The tall, copper automatons stood eerily still, equipped to carry more weight and run more quickly than a true horse, but proportioned similarly. These newer models were grotesquely headless, as streamlined as a zeppelin, controlled by a series of levers in the pommel.
“Sorry, that one didn’t work, either. Time for a break, hm? I’ll get your lunch.” He ducks into a small, portable refrigerator that’s been moved next to his dresser, reaches past a rack with several stoppered vials of blood, and removes two jars. One is a container of the bone broth Mrs. Hudson simmered up for him, and another holds a thin, chlorophyll-green slurry he’d made of spirulina and pureed vegetables.
“John, your currently compromised state is the only excuse for your lack of observation. This is not a
A single thought has worked its way through the gauze.
“You’ve honestly met one before?” John asked him, hiccuping, his eyes shining. “By the Wall, what other magical creatures have you seen?”
“By the bloody
asked with his usual offhand, friendly courtesy.
“John, mate, what is it, what do you remember–”
“What,
because of it – and it’s always been my fault.”
“Only to confirm a theory.”
Sherlock wakes with a jolt. The room is dark. Sitting up carefully, he realizes he’s been asleep with his head on John for hours, drooled on his shirtfront a bit. He can tell from the pitch and frequency of the traffic on Baker Street that it’s about 2am.
He enjoyed lucid dreams immensely and began thinking of how to transform the surroundings to his liking. But there was something familiar about the place. He strode over to peer through the window: a grey sky brooded over a muddy farmyard and derelict barn. No people, no animals. This had once been a flourishing operation.
can do that teleportation trick again?”
But a leaden worry pummels through the excitement.
“And suddenly Jim needs to compete for the attention of his fallen genius, no longer so bitter or driven to self-destruction. This was infuriating to him. He became obsessed with acquiring you, and doing so on his terms—”
Sherlock shakes his head ever so slightly.
“Did I wake you?” Sherlock mumbles apologetically.
From: redbeard001@ox.edu
“It sounds like you did quite a bit of
Things will settle down, they always do, but it’s been a bad time for us.
Sherlock wriggled deeply into the cushions, intrigued with his observations. “No need. You take the bed down the hall. This sofa is infinitely more comfortable than my cot at the circus, and the fire is comforting.”
“Rosamund was the chaos I did not anticipate. I wrongly assumed that the known threats were the
Sherlock eased back against the huge cushions with a sigh, soaking in the marvelous strangeness of their haven. The warm room felt like a domed cave, the walls curving, smooth and seemingly white-washed. Large to him, but close for a troll. There were dozens of alcoves and shelf-holes holding a shadowy clutter of books and large tools. A huge steam pipe in the ceiling ticked and hissed. Sherlock studied the haphazard joins, realizing it had been expertly, illegally re-routed off the main steam line to feed a stout radiator in the corner.
John can’t trust his voice so he just nods curtly. Sherlock flashes him a sudden, unexpected smile and pulls himself up the rope in a strong, lithe movement. Water drips off of him as he climbs, pattering onto John below. He watches him scale the distance with surprising steadiness and speed, oddly touched at the sight of his long bare feet gripping the rope.
. Just don’t let your heart go unfed and shrivel up. Yours especially.”
at him.
Wet cotton is really the least of his worries at the moment, but if he can delay hypothermia a few minutes with wool against his skin, he'll take it. Sherlock would know, he's probably written a thesis on the insulating properties of over 200 forms of plant and animal fibers. The thought squeezes his heart. He glances up at the opening of the well, but finds it unchanged.
John ruffles his hair and kisses the top of his head.
“But Sherrin, we could actually
Sherlock looks up from the clutter of papers on his worktop and smiles at the sight of Lissa feeding the rats, the latest addition to the family, the brown one cupped in her hands. His daughter’s face glows in the brightly-lit lab with its warm, honey-colored walls. Outside, rain pours down, the gray day just visible from the half window set high in the wall of the basement flat-turned-lab.
Sherlock tried to focus, but felt impatient and distracted, his knee bouncing. The hot sun made his thoughts fuzzy. This lesson reminded him of the long, tedious lectures his grandmother had given him as a child.
He startled awake as John pulled himself out of the strewn leaves, coughing deeply.
“Too bad, Byrum, no gold crown for us,” Orvis sighed. “He’s no halfblood, just a nutter pauper runt.”
Too surprised to speak, Sherlock can only nod.
“Oh, I won’t mind, dear, I’m just so glad you’ve both found happiness.
Minutes passed. John’s flock of worries roosted again. He glanced over, their faces inches apart. The man looked pale and grim. The thrill of the escape was clearly over. Was Sherlock planning to drop him at this very moment?
And PS, if you happen to go back and read the beginning of chapter 1, what Johnnie is going through will make a lot more sense now.  ;)
Mum sees him looking dejected and runs a hand down his cheek, kissing his temple.
me? What the fuck was that?”
Sherlock quails and quickly nods. “Course. Victor’s a bit more... experienced. Had some.”
. Sherrinford gave up tormenting Mycroft with
When Sherlock is deducing John’s day at work, he briefly references Dr. Brett, a teeny tiny shout-out to Jeremy Brett who so beautifully portrayed Sherlock in the 1984 TV series. Brett was my very first Sherlock and holds an iconic place in my mental story archives.
Sherlock eyes him oddly, mouth tight with concern as he side-swims John over to the wall and puts the rope in his hands.
“Like ordering away for a fancy fruit basket,” John quotes himself quietly, puzzled, then blinks hard, “Oh.
Lestrade gingerly picked up the automaton, fumbling for the codex wheels in the neck and aligning them to that day’s combination. With a click, the bird unfolded like a flower, its clockwork innards exposed. Nested within the gears was a thin, oval resonator stone. Lestrade plucked it out and touched it to his temple where it absorbed his magical energy print. There was a soft, approving chime and a tinny version of Captain Baynes’ barking voice floated out of the stone.
“Of course, Bee. Let’s start with Lyra, since you have her out. Then Fili, then–”
, relaxed in a way he usually isn’t with other people.
I was that hokey hippy-raised mama who sang Cassidy to her baby moments after he was born, (plus Sweet Baby James... yet he is neither named Cassidy or James. I later wrote him is own song, yeah, I'm that hokey) -- though to be fair I fell in love with Suzanne Vega's cover of the original by the Grateful Dead. If you've never heard Suzanne's, it's lovely - Check it out here, after her cover of China Doll:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JBebEQPkQrg
“Admirable. But what about Clifton Green’s?”
Another little chapter to soften your week - and a bit more to come. :) I hope you enjoy.
Sherlock. And what Daddy wants, he gets. I tried to tell that to Sherrinford today. But he was so
“Right, um, thank you,” Donovan says, nonplussed, then squints at John.
As Sherlock snuggles her, swaying from foot to foot, the bitter ball of fear and tension loosens. He kisses her smooth, round cranium and nuzzles her nose with his own, feeling a trifle silly to have raced out of the conference.
There was a sound like a hot air balloon filling, then a gust of warm wind so strong it flattened John against the wide fingers. He squeezed his eyes shut, smelling leaf mold and cinnamon.
"In answer to your question, I don’t know,” John says with resign as he heaves himself up to sit. “I don’t have any idea how I started to fall.”
“Yes, it would help him immensely. But best not to bring him until he’s strong enough to get past the gateway.”
John takes his time, licking up the ankle, then the calf, behind the knee for another gasping spasm of ticklishness, up the inner thigh, fingers tracing light patterns along his skin.
John huffs to himself, shaking his head with bewildered exasperation.
“You don’t fret,” the troll grinned sweetly. “You’re with William now, safe as houses.”
You’ll forgive me if I’m a bit
His eyes aren’t focusing, but he hears the scramble of a body standing very fast, the bleating scrape of a chair pushed across the floor, feels weight pushing onto the bed next to him.
Sherlock is hunched over his microscope in the bedroom. He’s surrounded by petri dishes and slides, beakers of solutions, scraps of paper covered in his spidery writing and formulae, Mrs. Hudson’s empty dishes. He’s wearing his blue dressing gown tied over his oldest, softest pajamas, hair sticking out at odd angles from frequent tugging.
John pulls against his bonds, feeling the water creep up his face. It’s cold and wet. The chains pinch painfully at his skin.
“The subtle humor of prophecy,” she said tartly.
“Certainly not.” Sherlock looks aghast.
“Well, go on,” Sherlock points with his chin, his arms full of feeding child. “See what The Grand Moriarty deems appropriate for a baby gift.”
“Watson-Holmes,” Sherlock absently corrects, feeding a sleepy Melissa her second bottle. John’s mobile says 6:47am, but it feels like they’ve been in a weirdly timeless cocoon since she arrived.
Sherlock flops onto the stripped hospital bed. “That one where we put names on our foreheads and have to guess.”
Sherrinford’s grin cracks wider. “Victor,
six-hundred years, it became a way-point to Faerie.”
The man closed his eyes. John couldn’t help but be fascinated by another practitioner at work, noticing the varying levels of pressure the medium applied to each fingertip. He knew he should likely be fearing for his safety, but something in his gut told him to be still.
memory, with the new trait.” He shrugged modestly. “The two magics sort of wove together.”
The copter dipped again and Lestrade clutched his stomach miserably as the surgeon’s final words rang through his memory.
His stomach dropped as he heard what could only be Sherlock’s deep, labored coughing far behind him. Trying to stay in character, John paused, shaking his head and turning irritably as if he’d forgotten his dinner pail back at the boiler.
John nods appreciatively. “I like it. We could call her Lissa, too.”
John’s fingers brush an oddly rough bit of skin on the soft underside of her wrist. He bends close, holding it up to get a better look at it in the kitchen light. A circular patch is adhered to her skin, the color blending in almost perfectly. There is a small bump beneath. John picks at it with his fingernail, peeling the patch back like a bandaid, and finds a tiny, clear oval capsule, no bigger than a peppercorn. He covers it back up with the patch, wondering what horrors its contents would have unleashed if she’d been able to administer it to him. Or herself.
A cold shiver runs through John. Sherlock pulls back to read his eyes, brow furrowing with concern.
“As good as. One hair out of line—”
"Here," John croaks, then calls more loudly, "Still here."
he seethes, struggling futilely.
. It was like being trapped in a glass box. I wanted to sit up and tell you to stop being ridiculous, everything would be fine. I had it all under control. But I didn’t. And it wasn’t.”
“Goodness, I’m so
John gives a small groan of exhaustion as, relief waning, he skeptically eyes the slender rope Sherlock used to descend into the well.
“They headed north two days ago, to the haven by the lakes in Cumbria.”
Queen Toria wouldn't stop until she'd bled dry Faerie itself.
“Because they can burn me alive in a pyre, drug me into a coma, parade me about in a coat of C4. They may make our pleasant routine a bloody mess, but they don’t get even close to touching
“Like
“I had just told you that
“I’m still so bloody tired,” John sighs. “We’ll need to hire some strapping young blokes to move all my stuff in if I don’t snap out of this soon. Not to mention that assassin we need to, you know, stop. Before she kills us.”
“Really? Hope the birds don’t attack it,” John mutters ruefully, sitting close to Sherlock on the edge of the bed. He lightly brushes a stray curl behind Sherlock’s ear, eyeing him closely. “Your color’s looking better. Feeling up to a stroll?”
Sherlock’s mobile pings. He glances down at the screen and groans.
“Oh? Where?”
The feline turned her glowing orange eyes to her charges, chirped, and leaped into the air, disappearing in a burst of flame. The embers winked out.
John raises his eyebrows and grins.
It hasn’t come easy, but then, Sherlock hadn’t expected the little cottage to fix John overnight.
And even before the words have left the nurse’s mouth, John is reaching down into the tank-crib, slipping his fingers around this impossibly small creature who is so well wrapped she does not even appear to possess arms or legs, just a bright, squashed pink face poking out under a pink knit cap and a cocoon-like swaddle of blanket.
“I’ve made it every night. Since you didn’t come back. God, I just hoped, I hoped you’d walk through that door–” He folds her into his arms. She comes willingly.
“Yes, it was very much a mating ritual for our modern times.” Sherlock leans into John’s shoulder, eyes half-lidded, a look of sweet contentment on his face. “We must do that again. Before she’s, you know, at uni.”
The wait is hell.
Feedings, diapers, tantrums, first words… with
Sherlock studies the formula for another long minute, not really thinking of the equations at all. Sherrinford drains his glass and begins to pace around his chair. Sherlock lets him dangle for a few minutes, then sets his face into what he hopes is a bored, confident sneer.
“It’s
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z3fM4IBv0WY
Hey, wake up–”
“What John, what do you remem-”
“I… don’t know what you’re talking about. I don’t have a job.”
“John, your currently compromised state is the only excuse for your lack of observation. This is not a
“How did you know?”
Janine waggles her fingers at him and turns to her desk, scooping up her mobile which shows dozens of vivid bubbles paused in play. She settles into her chair, taps the screen and immediately forgets him.
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Sherlock said over his shoulder. “He told me.”
“She’ll be the first in her preschool to classify acids and bases from common kitchen ingredients,” Sherlock says fondly.
” Tallack scoffed incredulously. “So now we have
“I, um, seem to be out of cash at the moment.” He makes a show of turning his wallet upside down. “If you don’t mind a brief stroll before dinner, we can just pop down to the machine on the corner. Or you could wait, I won’t be but a few minutes.”
John stared at him, dumbfounded. “You’re saying–” he stammered. John felt the tent begin to spin around him in a way that had nothing to do with magic. He’d felt different his whole life. But he’d passed every iron test. The Netters patrolling with their sensors had never so much as looked in his direction.
is not locked so deeply in Mycroft’s vaults. He pushes off from the log. Mycroft eyes him warily.
“Not always?”
He should run another test on the blood samples, but exhaustion is prickling at the edges of his eyes and dulling his thoughts. It’s the middle of the afternoon on the third day. If John doesn’t wake, they’ll relocate him at midnight to the secure facility Mycroft has selected. At his own insistence, Sherlock will not be permitted to know its whereabouts until they apprehend Mary and determine the extent of her network, in case John is found and used again as a pressure point. He has no idea how long that could take and it galls him, how she can push them apart even after she’s fled.
John tore down the bricks in his mind. Ignoring all mental etiquette, he roared his thoughts toward Sherlock.
“I don’t believe it. This is the kind of tree I keep in my mind palace for any memories pertaining to you. I must have seen this on walks before and remembered it.”
The panther blinked at him slowly, then sauntered over to stretch out by the fire. It was comforting to have Lune nearby. The magnificent creature had flitted through his feverish nightmares, guiding him to gentler dreams. They had sat for ages by a stream from his boyhood forest, trading stories.
After several minutes of breathing, John eases his hold. Sherlock’s pulse is calmer – still elevated, but not the sharp rhythm of an anxiety attack.
He waggled his thick eyebrows.
John shrugged. “Must be, but it pays well, keeps a family fed. They sing, you know. Not magical song, obviously. But songs to pass the time. Stories, too.”
“Well done, yourself.” John, hands stuffed in his pockets, nudges Sherlock’s unwounded Shoulder for emphasis. “I was wondering how a skinny thing like you was going to hold up. Not sure you really needed me here at all. Might want me to check those stitches, though.”
Gradually, the wave of crying subsides. He rubs his face on the sleeve of his dressing gown, and even though there is no IV-related distress to justify it, he slides next to John on the bed again.
“The baby–”
“Well, then. Um.
“Are you going to be like this with everything?” John asks mildly.
“–bloody Wall keeps interfering with the frequency, but we’ve got something. See how it keeps tugging that way, due East?” John shivered. Toward
from their families? Do you never intervene?”
gone dancing before.”
“Two!” He whirls abruptly out of the kitchen, already tapping out a message on his phone and hastily turning to a new page on the legal pad. John follows in his wake with their tea and watches fondly for a while as Sherlock becomes absorbed in his drawing, making draft upon draft.
, John tells himself firmly as Sherlock’s hands fly over his skin, deftly removing his ruined shoes and socks, peeling off his sodden jumper, jeans and pants. The air is cold on his skin and he shivers violently, but he’s quickly wrapped in something heavy and warm. It’s surprisingly silky against his skin.
effective.”
won’t have any nightmares,” John smirks, tugging off his towel and pulling Sherlock gently to bed.
After a long, quiet moment, John finally eases off of him and runs the tap in the tiny cabin sink. Their berth is so small that Sherlock can continue to stroke his bare thighs while he cleans himself, marveling at every little bump of gooseflesh.
“Your magic is very deeply buried, John. You barricade yourself well. It may be a genetic gift. Even accessing your first layer of memory was like picking an intricate lock.” Sherlock grinned at him wolfishly. “Fellow halfblood, why not come with me?”
John scrubs his face with his hands, tapping is forehead with a grimace.
It’s another hour before John and Sherlock finish helping Molly fill her car with the boxes of equipment and see her off.
But it’s still affecting me. Declaring it to a judge, joining our names. Having a little party with our friends, just for us. It’s a big step, you can admit.”
“Well that coulda’ gone worse,” Greg grimaces a smile and claps him on the shoulder. “You look twice done in, mate, let me bring you a coffee, maybe it’ll help things clear up.” John nods absently, arms folded across his chest, staring hard at Sherlock as Lestrade goes in search of caffeine. John’s left hand clenches against his chest.
Though the Queen had spread triumphant news of the first successful breach, they had been sorely unprepared for the Wall’s defensive magic.
John ran blindly through the forest, his vision flickering with bright spots from the explosion. The dull veil of the iron quickly faded. But wait – Sherlock couldn't make spell fire – he’d said so.
“Bit better?”
He stood and stretched, popping vertebrae in his back and feeling the heavy weariness that followed a long healing. The flat was bathed in late-morning light. The fire burned brightly, as if tended by unseen hands.
“Mm.”
at the two of them. “You are both free.”
John thought quietly.
Tallack growled low in his throat. “We’re tracking the escapees. None of ‘em are near here, they went north, making for London, most-like.”
“And what’s wrong with that? You’re an excellent doctor.” The lift dings, the doors slide open, and they hastily move their argument inside its private confines
I love writing about Sherlock and Sherrinford. I thought this was going to be a one-chapter flashback, but it's stretching out. More from these two in days to come!
“Where were you, just now?”
“Of course.” Sherlock struggled to his feet and took a wobbly step, then looked at John with wounded surprise as he collapsed heavily into his arms. “Oh…” he said meekly from John’s shoulder. “Walking may be… beyond me at the moment.”
An hour later, John finds himself stewing in the bath Sherlock’s drawn for him. He’s feeling very content and very sleepy. Sherlock sits on the edge of the tub in his dressing gown explaining his footprint deductions. He looks down at John’s half-lidded eyes and says a little peevishly, “You’re half asleep, you’re not even listening.”
work,” Sherlock had pressed. “All of the rats regain their memories.”
Even with his heavy, sodden clothes, he’s too buoyant. It’s hard to keep himself parallel to the floor. With some twisting and bobbing, John makes a circuitous search of the wall in total blackness, the dull thud of water in his ears, his heartbeat drumming in his throat. His burning lungs send him up for a breath. Down again.
“How long then?”
. John struggled to get free, but the huge bowl gave a firm little shake that bounced him onto his back.
“But what proof do they have? He could be making it up.”
Subject: I’m alive
thoughts?”
Course, they’d all been too busy with scrawny sheep and a failed wheat crop to get back since. Johnny missed his dad’s treks with a deep, angry ache. The farm seemed to hold them all in a cold grip. His mother no longer laughed as she worked. His father no longer whistled. Harriet toiled silently and studied endlessly. Safely alone, fresh tears slid down Johnny’s cheeks.
He rolls carefully onto his side, finding Sherlock still deeply asleep, his lips lightly parted, eyelids twitching with dream.
“Sorry about that, John, I’m afraid you’ll be getting the worst of all my on-the-job training today.”
John felt a frisson of adrenaline.
“John, I don’t want to advertise.”
“Only to the flat above. Your companion is clearly in no fit state to climb the stairs.”
When he returns, mugs of hot tea in hand, he grins to find John gently swaying at the window with the baby in his arms, singing in his soft tenor,
“You have two weeks. Send your results to this address. We’ll keep him stable. Do as we ask and the doctors will uncover the cause within 12 hours of receipt.” She shakes her finger in front of his face and says in a sing-song, “And don’t try to wake him. That would be disastrous.” She gives his hand an extra squeeze that threatens to snap his fingers, moving close to whisper into his ear. “Breathe a word of this to anyone, he dies. We see everything. Hear everything.” She pulls back, sounding like a bored teenager.
die of hypothermia well before then.”
for it,” he moans, more aggrieved than angry. “Nothing to solve. I don’t like being out of control, not with her,”           Sherlock sighs, his exhaustion finally bleeding through. “I just feel so helpless. I know it’s irrational, but I’m terrified she could harm the baby somehow.”
But iron didn’t lie. Jonas was a halfblood. His whole family would be under the scrutiny of the Church and the authorities.
He wonders with a little jolt what could be waiting for them outside the well. His eyelids feel leaden, his thoughts sluggish.
John’s heart was pounding in his ears. While the man’s fingers were not an ideal location to read vitals, John could perceive his elevated heart rate.
The car swerves slightly, but Sherrin doesn’t slow their pace.
Sherlock had rolled onto his side and curled into a ball on the sofa, buried in the thick blue afghan. His breathing was deep and even. John stopped himself from checking his vitals again, not wanting to wake him.
across the Wall. In my childhood. They were furious.”
Sherlock smirked. “Nor I. But it’s good to have a hobby to focus on.”
“What is it?”
“Oh, of course. Sorry, I should have asked–” John jumped up, his congeniality still shadowed by the vein of sadness. He helped Sherlock out of the tangled blanket and pulled him to his feet.
John smirked.
“Then come,
Sherlock lunges into the dark to where he’d last glimpsed John crouching.
“Poor, hapless Sherrinford,” she tents her eyebrows theatrically. “Our employer saw such promise in him. But he just couldn’t
true. But Faerie are as complex a society as humans. Take you, for example. You have nothing but high regard for their kind.”
“Aw, aces, Sir, thanks!”
“Yes, I just… hadn’t really considered yet how we’ll tell that story.”
Thank you so much for staying with me. Your excitement and support for this story means so much. Every comment and kudo brighten my day and remind me that this labor of love is worth it.
“John,” Sherlock whispers against his ear, “John. You came back to me.”
teleported us?”
It was John’s turn to roll his eyes. “You give those jobs to a bunch of Mundanes and see how bloody long it takes.”
Sherlock’s heart squeezes and he takes his hand in a rush, relieved to be on the same side again.
“Don’t you know? Not going soft, too, are you?”
“Oh. Right.”
“We’ll bring another bottle around in an hour or so. We understand you’re working with a milk bank, yes? We’ll send you home with enough to get you through the 24 hours, as well as formula in case you have need of it. There’s nappies, cloths, all the basics in the drawers of her crib, take what you want. We’ll help you pack her up at 9:00. A car will be by then to bring you home.”
~ o ~
“I’m sure
“No, look, Sherrin, you’re not–”
“Oh, not exclusively, no no.” The beaker suspended over the Bunsen burner begins to boil and Sherrinford deftly adds the solution he’s been preparing, one drop at a time, still wearing that maddeningly knowing grin. The bubbling liquid turns a vivid red.
His room feels empty the first few days without Sherrin, no rats stinking of cedar and urine, no bulky mazes taking up all the extra floor space. He misses him fiercely. But gradually he falls into his old rhythm of immersive research, filling notebooks with formulas, scribbling half of them out.
now.”
“This morning, while watching the street through the window, I noticed the push-carts splashing through a considerable puddle by the curb as they passed. It must have rained either while I was asleep yesterday, or during the night.”
When John experimentally weaves their fingers together on the pavement, it sends a bolt up his arm. He squeezes back.
“Yes, it would be dangerous.” Sherlock smiled a challenge that made John’s breath hitch. “But you
John laughs into his hair. "We've been like a couple of rabbits, but it's new for us, like a volcano building to an eruption. It's bound to ease off."
The white noise and Sherlock’s deep breathing lull him back into sleep.
“The persistence of the headache is an anomaly I need to track. We’ll monitor it hourly with a basic pain scale. Your blood pressure is still too low, pupil dilation normal. Pulse a bit erratic, though that may be expected given our… circumstances.” He twitches his eyes up to John’s and gives him a small smile before returning to his book. “Appetite and excretions normal. I trust that in another 24 to 36 hours your strength will begin to return.”
Sherlock worries about him. He’s brilliant, the most of them all, but so mercurial that he’s on to the next puzzle as soon as the current one begins to go stale. He had received student accolades as a daring thinker, challenging established methods. He leapt up the educational ladder with one reckless, dazzling display after another, but also spectacularly failed at anything he deemed the least bit uninteresting. Their mum frets about it ceaselessly.
(See the end of the chapter for
Mycroft sighs. Sherlock detects sadness in his brother. Maybe pity. It disarms and annoys him.
Sherlock pinks a bit and ducks his eyes. He carefully pens in the clarifying titles above each tree.
Of course, they’d all been peacefully oblivious. There wasn’t a
Sherlock shrugged.
Mycroft sneers. “Don’t be an idiot. Sherrin would never have accepted my help. I had to act from within.”
“Do you know anyone who does?”
A katydid trilled high in the canopy above, answered by another across the glade. Sherlock turned to shyly observe his sleeping companion, unguarded and youthful. Thin, silvery scars were just visible on his left tricep. Sherlock resisted the urge to trace them with his fingertip, turning instead to stare at the canopy above.
The street lamps caught the crisp, white paper of newly-glued posters.
moral, ethical, cultural and spiritual ethos. It was founded by
“Make sure you relax.”
To have become so easily enthralled! John could hear voices clearly now, branches cracking, leaves shuffling, the buzz of a magical device. His stomach gripped. There was no doubt in John’s mind – these were Netters hot on their scent.
you can hold her. We’ve just given her a bath and her routine examination. Everything looks perfect.”
“No, silly, I meant for the baby. If it’s a girl.”
“My employment and your recent method of grieving have made it difficult to find you. You don’t know how many times I’ve hunted for you in this damn forest.” Mycroft considers him. “This has been too-long delayed, a transgression that has only added to your suffering these past weeks.”
Sherlock focuses on his notebook, eyebrows scrunched in thought, but smiles.
“Couldn’t give you a feeding tube, obviously. I did my research on how to care for the unconscious. Remarkable, really, how long one could be sustained in the 1400s without any mechanical assistance. I did resort to the IV to prevent dehydration, but you took very unkindly to that.” John notices he rubs absently at his jaw as he says it. “You became… agitated. I didn’t want to sedate you further. Fortunately, I deduced you would allow it if I… with human contact.” He blushes vividly and turns away to fuss with the microscope.
“I did, but only as one of the many options. Perhaps he learned the gender and didn’t tell us, then deduced the name he thought we’d pick. John, he’s The Moriarty for good reason.”
“What are they saying?”
John grins, closing the door and locking it for good measure.
Sherlock reassured himself, but he felt wretched
“Enough!” Sherlock shouted, his curls flapping wildly in the wind. “I owe you a boon, you halfblooded idiot! I will
“Said you could tell he studies ballet and works a lunch shift at Zappa’s, just by taking a glance at him.”
was coming from. The flyer can’t be far.”
“Oh, thank goodness you found me.” John pushed exhausted relief into his voice.
It gave the Queen’s Men a merry chase as they quested to eradicate the godless creatures and their wild magic from the earth.
A terrible thrill runs up his spine. Sherlock can already see the pathways, the cascading catalysts flowing through his mind, and tries to make his voice passively curious.
“So, you on to anything yet?”
She extended her hand to John, as if for him to kiss. He took it hesitantly and felt a sudden wave of warmth, like a blast from an opened oven. He was bewildered to find the three of them standing in a dim sitting room full of squat, comfortable furniture, little tables, and shelves crowded with books and oddments.
You alright?” He holds Sherlock’s face gently to examine his cheek and kisses the red mark lightly, Sherlock fretting over John’s bruished chin.
John hesitantly reaches up, tracing his soft, surgeon’s fingertips down Sherlock’s jaw.
John was wrestling to unfold the voluminous blue afghan when Sparks suddenly popped from midair, flame-fur swirling as she leaped nimbly onto Mrs. Hudson’s shoulder. They touched noses and the cat purred as she scratched under its fiery chin. “Thank you, my dear, for bringing them safely.” She paused, appearing to listen. “Of course you may return home to William.”
“Yes, true, but it would have taken three very sharp, well-placed stones to cut you like this, and through your shirt, which is not torn.”
“John, this is most unfortunate, I have become somewhat fond of you. You’re very useful for hiding in plain sight,
Mycroft sighs and folds his arms, eyes roving over the bedroom lab.
“Thanks for catching me.”
“You’re a saint, Mrs. H,” John whispers.
“Better?”
. From a
John’s face twists into a defensive scowl.
…” he grimaces quickly, “likely not, hardly more than a three, but
“You won’t. I’ll survive, I’d rather you were here. Well, once you returned, you settled into your post-Moriarty retirement and put on your pajamas again, leaving your costume strewn about the bedroom. You made the bed and read for a while, judging by the imprint on the blankets and the new position of your bookmark. Mrs. Hudson must have been out since you had a second cup of tea in bed and finished the milk. Your cup is still on the bedside table.
Sherlock moves the half-eaten pie to the coffee table.
Morpheus is a clever rat and learns his mazes more quickly than the others. After proving to his masters that he can run the latest maze for a hunk of scone in less than fifteen seconds, they administer their latest iteration of TD-12.
“A brilliant deduction,” Sherlock hums close to his ear, and their steps quicken.
xo Mama-o.
had in mind that night,” John says breathlessly, kissing him lightly. Then, much to Sherlock’s dismay, John pushes him back into his chair. His lips feel instantly cold and forlorn. After so many years, he is suddenly, insatiably hungry for John’s mouth. What on earth could John have in mind that is more perfect than this kissing?
John smiles ruefully. “Yea, you’re right. So why not come join me and catch a few winks before then?” He nuzzles the nape of Sherlock’s neck. “I might have a nightmare of my own I need you to save me from.”
They stroll toward the tree, set in a quiet patch of park with few people around. Sherlock stares at it, awed.
John grins sleepily at his logistical ramble, obviously a cover for a strong emotion.
He had noted it during his initial review of the photos. It had obviously not been a result from the man’s fall – the marks were too regular, not like the other rough, random abrasions. But the victim had a cat – Sherlock had inquired. Cats often scratched their owners who failed to notice their mercurial boundaries. The man must have annoyed the cat earlier that day. He had filed it away as clutter.
, the hug during his best man’s speech
The crowd fades behind them as their boots, now properly dusty and grass-stained, crunch along the gravel path sloping gently to the valley. Sherlock realizes he’s still got John’s hand and releases it with a nervous spasm. “Sorry – your hand – hope I didn’t hurt–” but John just chuckles at his discomfort and dismisses it with another pat on the shoulder. His attention is suddenly pulled upward.
and persistently fails to see that Sherlock
“Of course. How else would it have been fully homogenized?” He returns to his pipette.
“You saved my life,” he says softly. Sherlock stays burrowed against John for long minutes. “Hey,” John rubs his back. “It was never your fault, what happened to me and your brother. It was
While waiting for his next filthy email, Sherlock begins to poke around the University of Oxford’s online research databases. He’s so deep into the newborn internet that he nearly misses tea with Gran the following afternoon.
But so many had not been lucky.
As he hung up his salt-and-soot stained civilian’s coat on a hook, John realized he would never see his stiff, red Captain’s uniform again, folded tidily as it was in his trunk back at the barracks.
. In the dark, he hears him thrashing in the blankets. He darts to the bedside.
“Bloody hell,” his whispers. “Sherlock, where are you?”
John had saved his life in the river.
“You kept me alive – you
someone, but couldn’t remember
10.07.93   23:39
interns pulling their weight, gathering lots of data, and compiling it all into reports for you to review. This is what senior researchers do, love.”
“I’m sorry…” Sherlock said hoarsely. “I was so terrified, I just had to get us away. How did we survive the fall?”
He wishes he could help, but all he can do is cling to the rope and watch as the opening of the well creeps closer. Glancing below, the dark water slips away from him.
“Then when you said I couldn’t come along on the case that night, I just saw… rejection. You’d moved on. Nothing was supposed to change, but it had, and I didn’t know how to get it back. So.” John shrugs, a smug smile blooming. “I followed you.” He sips his tea, the smile dropping. “In hindsight, not the most brilliant of ideas.”
I want to
He stops just outside the doorway and listens tensely, all spark and daring extinguished.
them, and have for hundreds of years.”
“This is about Gran.”
“Been out on the moors quite a lot, then?”
Pulling it close to his face to inspect it in the gloom, his eyes confirm what his hands knew – a bone, a femur, small enough to be a child’s, and it’s been here for ages. His hands dive back into the murky water searching along the floor until he comes across three more bones, then five, ribs and legs, a clavicle, and then the smooth dome of a small cranium. Pulling it from the water, he stares at the slick little skull in his shaking hands, then lunges to his feet, staggering in the rising water.
” John cries out suddenly, his arms spasming as if to catch himself.
“What do you mean,
“What’s your name, lad?”
“Til next time.”
Their eyes are tender, aching, hopeful. In the same instant, they close the space between them, kissing deeply beneath the tall, flowering tree.
, too, then realizes she’s waiting for his response.
incident, John.” Sherlock steadies himself on John’s shoulder as they walk into 221B, nearly knocking him down. They stumble up the stairs in a fit of giggling, still catching their breath as they clatter through their door.
“You sure that drug didn’t rewire your brain?”
“What would have gotten you up in such a hurry? Can’t
“Well, the Expunge…”
As if in a trance, John began to follow the Wall, forgetful of the firewood he was meant to be gathering, forgetful of his patient and the threat of pursuing Netters, forgetful of anything but the tenacious pull. He walked on into the night, his fingertips lightly skimming the stones.
Sherlock cringes, his voice is barely a whisper.
“You have to trust me that this will work. I need five seconds of confusion, that’s all. If we’re to save the baby, we need her healthy, not riddled with holes by Mycroft’s snipers. Five seconds, that’s all I need. And a dose of TD-10.”
Sherrin blinks, nods, then leans close, whispering,
“You want Mycroft to sit with you? That’s mental. You haven’t heard the news, or if you did, you’ll have forgotten. He’s got a new job, an internship running errands for someone in the government. He spends the week in London now. You’ll see him Saturday.”
, Sherlock. One of the most popular movies of all time!"
“So where are you stuck? Looks like this would work.”
Perhaps the worst thing about his five years of servitude was how cut off he’d been from forests. There had been the occasional meadow near the circus encampment that he might be able to explore for a short time, but they were usually newly-mown and held few secrets.
“Thanks to my
John breaths in sharply, coming back to himself, and finds Sherlock watching him carefully.
John quietly returned to his side and looked out at the fog-softened spires and hulking warehouses.
magic in his core as if picking up a reluctant cat.
John’s grin grows wider and he leans in to kiss him again.
They stand in the entryway awkwardly for a moment. Sherlock’s fingers tap a sonata on his thighs at high speed. He can’t think of a thing to say, but he doesn’t want his Dr. John Watson Red Sun New Delivery Man to leave.
His last recollection was a fierce, fragmented memory of wanting to get John to safety more than anything, pushing off the ground in panicked flight, clinging to John and hurtling into smoky air above the burning forest… and then nothing.
“Oh, his umbrella,” Molly bursts out. The ambulance and its escort have parked.
Geoffrey returns to the sitting room looking sheepish.
He’d been muttering this to himself over and over when the boys had first discovered him, perched and crying on the Millner’s windmill after school.
“Yes. I was admitted fourteen years ago and have risen through the ranks to a junior position of influence. The work was fascinating at the beginning. However, they have taken quite the fall these last years.” He sighs. “Your days of late have been troubled by the genius madman currently at the helm. But Jim was not always this way.”
John gives him a long, uncertain stare. “Nothing waiting for me tonight but cold lo mein at my flat.”
Sherlock looks up and away, tight-lipped.
with us.”
Always them. You know that, don’t you?”
the air.
John lands heavily on the couch as the memories hit him with the force of a tsunami. His head throbs. Rosamund is holding her tea, looking at him sharply, wary, calculating.
“Can I talk now?” Sherlock asks in a mumble.
Sherlock startled out of his hazy reverie, turning sharply to focus on John. He looked much the same – cropped, silvery hair, youthful and weathered – but a substantial blonde mustache had sprouted from his upper lip. John smirked at him.
Sherlock blinks at him, breath caught in his throat, the suggestion sending a shiver that runs down his solar plexus to lodge between his legs. Relief floods through him and he begins to laugh. John dissolves into giggles, the tension evaporating.
“Doesn’t know a thing. Said she let you in, went back to her desk, played a few rounds of Bubble Quest – timestamps on the door’s security camera and her mobile record confirm it – then next thing she knows, you’re yelling for her, call 999 and all that. I tell you, John, it looks to me like Magnusson had a row with Sherlock that ended rather badly.”
Could I meet them?”
John sighs, but smiles. “Fine.
She continued to stare into the fire, her soft features clouding. “You have been trained by human mages, John Watson, thus you may not take much stock in the messages carried by dreams.”
John huffed.
“Sherlock,” he sighs. “I have spent a lot of the last few years in a state of near-constant rage. I was furious at the world for giving me you, then taking you away. Furious I’d married the wrong person. Furious with myself for never knowing how to tell you
18.07.93   23:14
He rests his ear against the wood of the door for several heartbeats, then turns the knob very slowly to prevent the old metal from creaking.
“Mm, no, feels nice.” John chuckles wearily. “Thanks. For, y’know. Everything. It was brilliant, your rescue.” He heaves a weary sigh and sinks into him, shivering, reveling in the warmth of the cocoon. Now that he’s on solid ground, he can actually say the words. “You got there just in time. Few minutes more and the water would’ve been over my head.”
