“Light of my life,” he adds, tugging open the refrigerator door and sticking his head inside. “And still surprisingly well stocked, despite the carnage. When did I get so much food?”
Tony grabs a handful of popcorn while Thor is distracted by the show, shoving it into his mouth and speaking around it. “I’m telling you, it’s not magic. Really, it’s not. It’s just science. Say it with me, okay? Suh-eye-ence.”
“Yeah, yeah, stupid and reckless,” he says. “I guess I like my walls intact. See? I’m growing as a person. I blame you.”
Tony looks away first. He refills Steve’s glass with a concentration so absolute it can only be sarcastic.
,” Tony begins, before cutting himself off with a wave of his hand, shaking his head. “Wait, no, that didn’t come out right. I’m not saying I wanna make you all dance for me just because I’m bored. I’m not that much of an asshole.”
“Thanks,” Tony mutters. He takes the bundle of ice and flops back in his seat, strings cut. Steve hears him sigh as he presses the ice against his palm.
Steve could help him. Instead, he crosses his arms over his chest and grinds out, “I was thinking that the life of two untrained teenagers is more important than my own.”
“So I need to know who won all the World Series when you were a kid,” Tony says when Steve picks up the phone.
When Steve is six years old, and in bed with the flu, he dreams a man in a funny-looking suit appears in the middle of his bedroom.
Reappearing is never the easiest part. For a moment, Tony staggers, his knees jarring at the impact, and he sinks down onto the floor. He rests his elbows on his knees and then, letting out a slow breath, he rests his forehead on the backs of hands.
“It was annoying me at the time,” Tony says vaguely, but then he pauses. He lowers the communicator and lifts his head. “Is that bad? Are you shocked and horrified? I can rename it if you like, something Captain America friendly. Chuck? Earl? Larry?”
“I think that was the longest conversation I’ve ever had with people I wasn’t trying to sell something.”
For a moment, nobody speaks. Tony glances up at Steve, whose expression is grim. Then Bruce clears his throat, slipping his glasses off his nose. He cleans the lenses on the edge of his shirt and says, slowly, “Thor, what
He grins up at Steve until Steve, shaking his head, begins to laugh. The sound of it echoes around them, surrounding them, layer upon layer upon layer.
“Gotcha,” Tony mutters, drawing the screw out and dropping it into a Petri dish. He folds back the flap of loosened skin, revealing the circuitry beneath. It’s covered in a layer of silvery liquid, which Tony carefully wipes away with the towel. Then he glances up at Steve and grins. “Oh, don’t be such a baby. It only stings a little.”
“Can you tell me when I’m going to actually meet you?” he says, after a little while. “Or is that cheating?”
“Is it really so set in stone?” Steve says, but then he shakes his head again, slowly, as if clearing his thoughts, and he says, “Forty-three, I guess. You told me then you’d just seen me at six.”
Tony slips his hands back into his pockets and stands there, staring up at Steve. There’s a look in his eyes, one that seems to draw inward until he’s not really looking at Steve at all; his eyes are open but his face is closed, the conversation over. Steve takes it as a sign.
She looks smaller than she ought to, standing alone in that cavernous room with her arms around herself.
“Thank you,” Steve says automatically, reaching into the box and peeling the lone doughnut away from its sticky cardboard. He sniffs, rubs a hand across his face and takes a huge bite. The frosting is pink and sweet.
He tugs his communicator out of his pocket, activates it with his thumb and then, as the pictograms light up across the screen, swipes his palm across it. The pictures disappear, leaving the screen blank except for the Iron Man helmet in the corner.
Tony lifts his gaze at last, to meet Steve’s eyes. His mouth twists and he shrugs with one shoulder, lifting his hand in goodbye.
“Wait,” Steve says. “There’s something out there that you think actually stopped you travelling? Why aren’t you using it already?”
Steve is twelve, sprawled on his stomach on his bed, industriously colouring in a tiger’s dark stripes. He coughs. He had his tonsils out a couple weeks ago. He listens to the companionable scratch of Tony’s borrowed pencil on Tony’s borrowed paper, over the patter of the rain against the window.
He watches. When the clip ends, he zooms in further, dragging the image until the screen is filled with light.
“Not so different, then,” Tony says. “You, go sleep. Or whatever, I’m not the sleep police. JARVIS will tell you anything you need to know. I’ve got some work to do so I’ll be down in my lab all night. Have you been in my lab yet?”
Steve breathes out slowly, quietly. It’s good to know that they can do this, just about; talk about Howard and come out the other side still breathing. He watches the tension bleed out of the line of Tony’s back as he returns to his work.
The Hulk grunts and knuckles across the floor, flicking Clint out of the way – Clint yelps and almost falls over – and he picks the communicator up between finger and thumb. It looks tiny in his hand.
“I’m going to take this report back to Steve now,” he says. “I don’t think there’s much more I can do until we’ve got a clearer idea what’s going on.”
“When I die,” Fury says loudly, flatly, speaking over Tony until Tony shuts up, “or retire, I suppose, if I’m lucky, I don’t get much say in who takes over from me as Director. Used to, but things change. Oh, I get a vote. Sure, a vote... if I’m still alive to make it. Me and every member of the Council gets a vote.”
He looks around the workshop until he catches Steve’s eye and then he starts to laugh again, clutching his sides.
Thor beams. Hill thrusts a pen at him and Thor signs his agreement with a rune on the dotted line, still chuckling.
“My friends,” Thor say slowly, the laughter in the room trailing off as he rises to his feet; he towers larger than life over everyone in his helmet and cape. “My friends, can you feel-”
“Thank you. And - astrophysics. I’m actually in town for a conference, to present my findings on the bifrost. The bits of it that SHIELD haven’t classed as state secrets, anyway.”
Steve shrugs. “There are always repercussions and, no offence, it’s not usually billionaires bearing the brunt of them.”
He runs his hands over ach roll of fabric, pulls a face, pulls out the ends and rubs them between his finger and thumb. Clicking his tongue, he unwinds a larger strip from one of the rolls and cuts it off, quickly, with a laser.
“It’s – it’s okay?” Tony says, as if he doesn’t quite believe his own words. “I mean, I’m sorry. That she’s gone. And that I talked about doughnuts. Who cares about doughnuts? Doughnuts solve nothing.”
Steve expects him to leave the room at that, but instead Tony goes over to the work stations in the corner, pulling a small black box out from under one of the desks. He flips the lid.
Steve, drink halfway to his mouth, gapes. “Someone’s replicated your technology? Isn’t that dangerous?”
“You should give Van Dyne a call. You used to go on playdates with her, right? She’s with R&D now. Textiles are her specialty.”
“Sorry.” Steve looks up and meets Bruce’s quizzical gaze. He looks back down at the map again, focussing on the red circle Bruce has drawn in the fork of that junction. “I didn’t catch that. The highways?”
A beam of light passes across Tony’s face, shining on the smudge of nanite liquid and the curve of a cheekbone, the angle of his nose. The lights catches on the corner of his mouth as his lips part, drawing in a breath.
“Hey,” he says. He looks back up at the skyline before them, then down at the drawing again, and then he nudges Steve in the ribs. “Not half bad. You’ve really caught the, uh.”
“Obviously I don’t eat it regularly, with my training regime. But more regularly than Clint shoots sharks.”
Tony says something too soft for Steve to make out, but Pepper responds to it with a noise of pure frustration. He can picture her hands thrown up into the air at the sound of it.
The doors slide shut on the image of Tony chatting to his robot, cradled upside down on the bar top, as he carefully unscrews one of its wiggling limbs. And then Steve’s just staring at a shiny, black wall.
Tony trails off. He can feel Steve’s breath, even warmer, on the back of his neck. He can feel the fingers of Steve’s other hand trailing down between his shoulder blades.
“I can understand that,” Steve says slowly. “Needing a reason to still be here. For it to be worth it.”
He realises too late that the light isn’t moving forwards, but upwards – or rather, it isn’t moving at all, because Tony is the one moving.
to mark the difference, except maybe – and only maybe – a slight decrease in temperature. A coldness where the metal lies.
“I mean...” Tony huffs out a breath, fiddling with the corners of the metal box. “I will never say this again, so listen carefully, but – to give Fury some credit – to give him one tiny iota of credit, he made a good call. This thing. This whole – us – world-saving team thing. But I’m not going to sign my life over to them. They don’t get exclusive rights to point my suit at whatever Fury says needs pointing at.”
“-but he thinks it’s funny to give them personalities. Not even good personalities. Look at that little one.”
“I think it’s time you invented yourself some patience,” Bruce murmurs, but he nods again. With a click, his screen goes dark and the beam of light disappears back into the work surface.
After a little while, Steve gets up and heads back to the elevator, where he hits the button for the basement.
“I think my ego just crawled into a corner and died. Nothing I say to a girl will ever measure up to, ‘hey baby, wanna be queen of an alien realm where the streets are paved with gold and everyone’s really attractive?’”
“I never said it was,” Tony says, pointing his finger at Clint. “Never said that, actually. Not my fault my legions of adoring fans didn’t check their facts before they named me. Anyway,” he adds, taking a large, messy bite of the cone that leaves chocolate ice cream smeared on his nose, “watch your step, Barton. The Maria Stark Foundation helped fund this project, so I could legitimately tell you to get off my lawn.”
“Sure. Look, for a beginner, this is probably the easiest...” Tony beckons and Steve begins to step forward before he realises the hologram has moved too, sailing in the direction of Tony’s gesture and disappearing as smoothly as if it just stepped off camera. A new set of blueprints slide into place.
“Okay, fine,” he says, rotating his wrist. “This doesn’t need to be a two-man job from here, if you want out.”
She had turned back to her computer, but at that she looks up again, beaming. “I’d say the same to you, Captain, but,” and she leans across the desk towards him, dropping her voice to a whisper, “I’m afraid Mr Stark is in one of his moods.”
He backs up a step, closing his eyes in preparation. He can see Steve’s face on the insides of his eyelids. He opens his eyes and there Steve is.
And they leave. Steve watches the men slink away, waiting until they’ve all disappeared before he allows himself to drag a hand down his face, allows himself a humourless smirk. Score one for this world: the bad guys aren’t used to fighting adult superheroes anymore.
Leaning his head back against the wall, Steve closes his one good eye – the other too puffy and tender to open - and he grins. He listens to Bucky snort and mutter more insults, making Steve chuckle, and then Bucky touches his shoulder. Steve peels his eye open again and gazes up at him.
she keep those? In her hair? I need to work something into your suits. Give me your gloves one day, I’ll see what I can do with that–”
from? It’s – glowing, or something. How’d you find it? I’m gonna go out on a limb and assume you don’t just climb down mine shafts for kicks.”
“My boots,” Steve says. At Tony’s perplexed look, he motions down at his biking gear, dusty and greasy, and adds, “Your floor.”
At some point in the night, probably while she’s fastening towels with safety pins with one hand and balancing some kind of fruity cocktail in her sling, Steve finds himself thinking of Agent Romanoff just as Natasha. He’s drinking mojitos and he’s only wearing his underpants under what’s essentially a very fluffy dress and he’s squeezed on a couch between two women who definitely aren’t his girls. If it’s not the most comfortable Steve’s ever been, it still beats the hell out of plenty of things. The Red Skull. Losing everyone he’s ever known. Asthma. Every single second of The Star-Spangled Man With A Plan.
Out of the corner of his eye, he sees Tony move sharply, his hand lifting and then dropping in some aborted gesture.
His breath catches in his throat and his hand curls into a fist, slamming sideways into the wall. Tony flinches back a step. Steve feels something crunch beneath his skin, but the wall doesn’t give, the paint doesn’t even scratch, there’s only so much Captain America can do.
He lands in water, the heavy metal suit immediately dragging him down, but for a second he sees blue skies and grassy banks, a man standing in the shadows of the trees and a little girl with red hair running full pelt down towards the shoreline, while the water closes over his head and -
“That was just five minutes ago for me,” Tony is still saying. “Weird, I know. It’s like I’m the well-dressed bread on a time-travel sandwich. So, this is nineteen forty-three, huh?”
“I would have called back up if there’d been something serious,” Steve says. “I would’ve called Bruce back - or Thor, he can fly. So can you. I would’ve called you.”
He counts it off on his fingers. Pepper stares up at him, her face still too pale, her eyes still too wide and her gaze darting back and forth over his face. But slowly her expression relaxes into a wry smile.
He gapes in mock-outrage and Steve smiles. Grinning sidelong at him, Tony licks the hummus off his fingers. He contemplates, and then rocks back on his stool to dig a bag of chips out of the cupboard; when he rights himself, Steve has looked away again.
Steve lifts his head, looking up at Tony again. “I wasn’t waiting for you. You never really seemed real, back – back then, you know. You were like some crazy dream.  I guess Peggy was, too. We never had
“What do you—” Steve pauses, looking down at the scrap metal still in his hands. He drops it abruptly. “The blood sample.”
“Stay,” Tony whispers as he crawls off the couch, his legs still numb, and measures the distance down the stairs and to the workshop door.
“Yeah. Well, I couldn’t hold onto my job.” Tony smiles wryly. “I couldn’t hold onto my company, I couldn’t hold onto my tech. I couldn’t hold onto the lives of the people who trusted me. Maybe I don’t give a damn about this... this war, or whatever the hell it is. I’m not a superhero. I’m just trying to extend our motley crew of superheroes’ stupid, heroic life expectancies.”
The shutters lower again. He spins back around to his face his desk and then, after a pause, drags down the computer hologram screen. He opens a folder and pulls the two video clips inside it, motioning for b-cam-001 to play.
to make sure those two don’t do any damage,” Steve says, resting his hands on his hips. Tony grins up at him, and grins, and grins, until Steve lowers his hands and adds, “I guess I could go for some ice cream as well.”
But it’s Tony Steve looks back to again, hunched down over this gun with his tongue sticking out in concentration. It’s Tony Steve can’t look away from, even as Tony glances at him out of the corner of his eye and Steve can’t decipher his expression.
“Some wannabe supervillain declares they’ve replicated my repulsor tech, public demo, mad with power, yada yada, save us from your bastardised technology, Iron Man! Day saved. Pepper, remind me to send a cheque for the broken fire hydrant.”
“I have – I don’t know where the laundry goes, or who even washes it, but I’m pretty sure I’m not a slave driver so they’re probably not washing right now, so you’re not gonna get your clothes back ‘till tomorrow.”
At that, Tony unfreezes. He takes a step forwards and makes some kind of sudden, jerky motion that Steve only barely catches, out of the corner of his eye.
Leaning in close, he can see the light crackle and bubble; it moves like a stop-motion capture of an icicle forming.  Tendrils lick out from it, lightning fast even at this speed, reaching out towards the ceiling and the floor, searching for a surface to latch onto. It hits the wall at last and Butterfinger’s camera goes dark in a burst of static. The other clip keeps playing, the light spreading like frost across the wall. Tony stumbles back slowly, slowly into Steve and Steve lifts a hand up to Tony’s arm, the movement dreamlike.
“Ha, see, there we go. You were just buttering me up to get your hands on my awesome tech. This – this isn’t actually available for the public–”
Sitting on the stool next to him, Natasha lowers her cereal spoon from her mouth and looks them up and down.  Her expression inscrutable, her gaze lingers on the gun in Tony’s hand and then moves on to Steve’s.
“I’ve never had freedom fries,” Steve murmurs automatically, but Tony barely seems to hear him, although his gaze drifts down to watch Steve’s mouth as it moves.
Steve smiles at the mirror, in lieu of a face to look at; or to direct his next question to, as he hefts his bundle of clothes and waves it uncertainly for the cameras. “Where should I dump these wet clothes?”
“You weren’t complaining last time,” Tony says, but although the words are harsh there’s a note of uncertainty. Steve lifts his head. Tony is still standing six feet away, body tense as if
Clearing his throat, Tony looks down at his wrists. He twists one of the glowing cufflinks around between finger and thumb. It’s warm to the touch.
He stands, abruptly, pushing away from the console and his chair rolls freely a few inches, the castor wheels rumbling too loud in a half-empty cave. “Conversation over. I’m going to bed.”
Steve scoots closer, craning up and ducking down till he’s eye-level with every part of the hologram he passes. Even up close, he has no idea what it’s a diagram of, but it’s one heck of a show. He can admire the shapes and the lines and the way it’s
Tony stands, stretches, rubs an aching joint or two. Rounding the coffee table, he reaches out a hand to Steve without really thinking about it. Steve has already grabbed hold and pulled himself smoothly up onto his feet before Tony remembers that Steve is a supersoldier, that Steve holds himself like a gymnast vacationing in a brick shithouse. Steve could probably stand up gracefully with both ankles tied behind his head.
Steve opens his mouth and the elevator glides to its silken halt, the doors sliding open onto the underground parking lot. Neither of them moves for a moment. Closing his mouth again, Steve rubs the back of his neck and looks out towards his motorcycle. Tony stares up at him.
“Could  everyone who took any of the money floating around here hand it back to these folks here, please?”
Tony hesitates, looking away. He grabs the fabric sample back from Rhodey and, draping it around his neck, begins to pull the bolts off his desk and onto the floor.
“You wear too many shirts” Tony says, pulling a shirt sleeve out of the bag and holding it up to Bruce’s arm to compare. He gasps theatrically. “These are the same colour. Did you buy them in a
So he’s been out of the state for a week, when he opens his apartment door – shoving it with his shoulder when it jams; if he ever moves out of this place, he sure as heck isn’t getting the deposit back – and he finds his mail on the table. In among all the letters he sets aside for later, there’s a note on paper thicker than his credit card, embossed with a Stark Industries letterhead. It reads, in an unfamiliar hand, ‘Whatever you said to him to make him build something other than comedy robots,
Suddenly Obie’s voice is right down by Tony’s ear, his breath on Tony’s neck, and Tony’s heart jumps for all that the rest of him remains motionless.
Lifting his head, he stares up at Tony with those bright, sharp eyes, like that little kid who had stared angrily out at him from the dark.
“Deal.” Steve nods, holding out his free hand. It takes a moment, Tony just staring down at it, but then he’s grinning and he’s reaching out. They shake on it.
“It did good. It was handy. Not so good with stairs, though. Strong enough to fall down them, but it can’t throw itself
“I saw that, mister,” Tony says, bypassing the couch and making a beeline straight for the collection of desks and computers in the corner. He grabs a cardboard box from one of the desks before moving on to the bar.
They’re halfway to Breezy Point when Steve, still gazing out the open window at the world that rolls by, murmurs, “I kept that drawing for the longest time.”
Tony shifts again and the chair creaks. Steve looks up at him. Tony is sitting with his arms and legs crossed, staring at the wall opposite like he’s trying to see through it.
“Sorry,” Steve says. He reaches up to fumble with the safety pins, but Ms Potts taps him on the knuckles and undoes it herself.
Leaning back on his elbows, he watches her untangle herself from the sheets and move around the room, slipping on her bathrobe, gathering up her work cell and tablet. She pauses in front of the window to brush her hair in her reflection, her eyes finding his eyes in the glass.
Steve takes a deep breath. He cradles his hand. He stares down at Tony’s bare, incongruous toes, poking out under the ends of his jeans. “Tony, everyone and everything I’ve ever known or loved or, heck, even just plain hated is gone. Dead and gone. Do you – do you get that? Do you understand how damn lonely that is? I’m done fighting alone. I’m
Tony pauses, and they both turn to watch the line of people handing back their grabbed-up dollars. Not everyone will give it back, Steve knows, and maybe not even most will, but maybe it’ll be enough to make a difference.
Steve nods at her, and at the other who start to grab the flyaway notes and shove them back into the bag. He looks round at everyone else.
, nobody’s replicated my repulsors. This guy was all talk and no walk. All smoke and no fire – actually, the problem was too
Tony hesitates, pen to paper. The tip bleeds slowly onto the envelope, the letters behind it merging back into the spreading ink.
vacation,” Clint insists. “Nat got stabbed because she got made. Turns out it’s hard to be a spy once you’re a world famous, alien-ass-kicking hero. Sooner or later, someone puts two and two together and gets stabby. So we’re both benched while SHIELD figures out what to do with us.”
“What lies has he been telling you, ladies? Has he been letting you try to get him drunk? Sorry to disappoint, but it won’t work.”
“Agents Romanoff and Barton are currently located in the kitchen, sampling the range of coffee. Mr Odinson remains in New Mexico with Dr Foster.”
Steering clear of the door to the press conference, which is getting louder with every second, she slips out a side door into a plain stairwell, her phone to her ear. She says, “Mr Shaw, how can I – No, no, not interrupting at all,” and the door snaps shut behind her.
I had no idea it was going to be this long, or eat my life and heart and soul to such an extent, or get such a wonderful reception. I couldn't have asked for a better audience for my first proper go writing in this fandom, so thank you all very much.
Tony double-takes extravagantly, peering around with raised eyebrows, and he says, “Barton, I didn’t know you cared.”
Tony’s workstation is a mess, the desk drawers emptied all over the floor and the paperwork torn into shreds. Steve wishes he had a broom, wishes he could do something to fix the place up instead of just dismantling it further. As it is, he kicks the broken glass and metal and shattered lab equipment away, picks up and stacks the overturned drawers, then gathers the papers together into a neater pile.
Tony draws in a breath, straightening up and lifting his finger as if he’s about to answer Clint. He hangs like that for a moment, then begins to tap his chin in deep concentration, mouthing the question.
There is Sharon’s face, looming over him wherever he turns, sayings things he can’t hear. There is Sharon’s face. There is Sharon’s face.
“I am,” Steve says. He shifts to the side, keeping his foot against the edge of the door until Tony has passed through into the elevator. Tony presses his hand to the wall and drags a finger down to tap the blue light basement button.
Tony pauses, gaping up at him, his empty glass still suspended in the air a few inches from his face, like a mechanical game that’s used up its pennies.
“Three minutes is a long damn time to spend with a nuclear missile. I was ready for it. Hell, I was kinda
having another drink. You, I don’t know, you can bathe your teeth in it. Enjoy the flavour. Atomise it, whatever. Did people do that in the forties? Did anyone ever take Captain America wine-tasting?”
“-I’m limited by the technology of my time,” Howard says, “and I know now that I can’t wait for it to catch me up-”
“Yeah, this – this seemed like a better idea at the time,” Tony says. “Hey, it works! But I look like a fourth grade production of the Wizard of Oz.”
“What happened to your cufflinks?” Steve asks. At the man’s blank look, he adds, “They glowed. It was neat.”
He touches a thumb to a cufflink. He runs his fingers around the face of his watch. Out of the corner of his eye, he watches Steve stand.
It’s not at all comfortable, being lugged through the sky like a sack of potatoes while he clings onto the all-too-smooth armour for dear life. He can’t even keep his eyes open long enough to admire the view, but it’s worth it for the sensations alone. For the wind in his hair.
Contrary to Tony’s dire predictions, Thor and the pretty woman who can only by his girlfriend – even in this century, buddies don’t sit that close together, surely? – aren’t doing anything untoward. They’re sitting on the couch; she’s reading a science magazine, with her legs slung over his and his cape tugged around her shoulders; he’s got hold of a little robot and is watching its wheels spin in the air. He quickly puts it down when he sees Tony enter the room.
Spreading his fingers, he rubs his palm over his pencils, so they roll back and forth together beneath the press of his hand. The orange gets caught in the folds of his bed linen, but Steve leaves it there. He pushes himself up onto his knees, craning his neck at Tony’s sheet of paper.
, anyway. Might have just been an alien space station. I don’t know. I didn’t exactly get a great look at it before I – you know, blew it all to hell.”
Steve is twenty-four, and he lingers too long at the suspended monorail, beneath the giant globe that shines in all the light and colour of the fireworks. When he lowers his head and looks around himself again, Bucky has disappeared.
Loose pieces of paper money drift past their faces. Steve, blinking dust and cold tears out of his eyes, squints down at the tableau Tony’s lowered them into: the street has ground to a standstill, the cars stuck at the back honking their horns angrily, although the drivers at the front all seem to have gotten out and joined in the show. The crowd must be at least a couple hundred strong, and in the middle of it Clint has half a dozen men on their knees, their hands on their heads while he points an arrow at them almost lazily.
“All is 100% well.” Tony steps back, holding the door open with his foot. “Let’s blow this Popsicle stand – it means go,” he adds automatically. “Let’s go.”
“Maybe I could have gotten a better doctor.” Flushing, Steve looks back down at his hands. “I mean, Doctor Harris, he – he did what he could, but he was so busy and mom wasn’t... important.”
There’s a clicking noise from somewhere overhead, a speaker turning on. Echoing slightly in the marble hall, Tony’s indignant voice says, “No, I’m not. Lies. I pay you to lie to idiotic businessmen, not Captain America.”
The blackout screens filter away from the windows and the sunlight streams through. News headlines and weather reports scroll across the glass faster than Tony cares to read them. Lying back, he puts his hand over his eyes. He looks through his fingers at the cracks of light, reddish with blood and skin where his fingers touch, fall gold in the gaps between.
Steve manages to sit up. It hurts, but there’s a sinking feeling in his guts and he needs to look Stark in the eyes and ask: “What year is it?”
“What-” he begins, but before he can get another word out Tony’s plucked it from his hands again and dropped it onto the floor upside down.
“When now?” he says. “Come on, you’re my guide to the future. Past. My future, your past, whatever you wanna call it.”
Tony nods, salutes. Standing where he is, he watches Steve circle around the table and the couch and head towards the elevator. Tony runs his hand across the back of the couch. They’ll need a bigger one. No, two. And a press conference, a publicist, a consultation with legal. He needs to call Rhodey. He needs –
, Tony thinks with delight – and Bruce slides the file partway across the table to her. She has to lean forwards to take it, still frowning at them, and then she flips the cover open. She takes in the first few lines and sucks in a sharp breath, her eyes darting back and forth across the page.
“Move,” Tony says. “Uncle Tony can tell you a story and work at the same time. Oh, and pass me that towel. This patch is mostly synthetic, but it can get messy.”
Steve frowns down at him, while Tony blinks again. He shakes his head and rubs at his eyes with clumsy fists – and then his head snaps up and he jerks upright, whipping around to stare at Steve.
Tony throws his straightened wires down onto the pile on the desk. Waving a hand, he leads Steve through the workshop and to the garage, to the car. He feels jittery. He thinks, too often, of Steve’s closed suitcase on the kitchen table, of Howard’s slightly open study door. When he glances back over his shoulder, with his hand on the car door handle, Steve has stopped walking. He’s standing and smiling at the car as if it’s the punchline to his favourite joke.
“And eighty years ago.” Steve shrugs, smiling faintly, a little wistfully. “And eleven. It’s fine. You did fine.”
She trails off and lifts her hand away. They look at each other in silence in the dark. The arc reactor light shines in her eyes.
“No, this is T’s – friend. He’s busy right now,” Steve adds, glancing to the side at Tony’s motionless form.
Although he did make the agent a cup of coffee first. He figures being self-reliant doesn’t mean being rude, wherever you might be.
“I should probably – go now,” he says. “I don’t want to take up anymore of your time. I know you’re a busy man.”
Steve spins around into a throw, feeling the momentum tug at the scrap metal in his grip. Then before he’s finished moving, he’s ducking down, aiming the shield to skim across the floor and take out an opponent’s ankles. When he straightens, he turns back to the camera.
“I saw that ending coming a mile off,” Tony mutters. His mouth slides into a crooked shit-eating kind of smile, but his voice is too flat, too strained, as if his vocal chords haven’t yet caught up with the brain’s command to make a joke. His eyes are grim, his face grey with exhaustion; the smile falls away before it’s even really begun.
It smells healthy and faintly of garlic. He’s about to dip a finger inside it in the spirit of discovery when Pepper touches his shoulder. She leans smoothly around him to look at the Tupperware in his hands, and when he breathes in he can smell her jasmine soap.
much better,” Bucky says, but he pats Steve on the knee, gentle this time, and tightly ties the loose ends of his bandage. “Idiot.”
“See?”  Tony says, holding his arms out. He turns his hands over, palms up. The left cufflink, connected to the circuit, glows as well now, the same bluish-white as the arc reactor and pulsing, faintly, in time with his heartbeat.
scary option, because I wanted it to happen. Not like a death wish, been there, done that, bought the race car. I mean, I...”
He lets his breath out and leans back against the wall. He doesn’t look up, waiting for Tony to speak, and then when Tony doesn’t speak he adds, softer, “Why do you want this team so bad if you’re going to... to throw yourself at portals? That’s not how a team works.”
“Life used to be so simple, when I was just on the run from the military because my mutated alter-ego destroyed half of Harlem.”
Tony is shaking his head, pulling from Steve’s hand and Steve is tightening his grip and saying, “Tony, come on--”
She waves goodbye to the rest of the team. Bruce waves back and Barton tosses her a pretzel, which she catches one-handed as she walks by, her heels clacking imperiously against the tiled floor. The sound of her departure reverberates down the corridor long after she’s left the room.
“Obviously.” Tony tugs the loose ends of his shirt together and begins to button it back up, frowning down at his chest as the arc reactor disappears from view. “You’re not cars. Can’t slap a device to the underside of your engine. I mean, I could try, but it sounds messy-”
my robots. They named themselves, based on, I dunno, horoscopes, colour charts, patterns in my vocabulary. Dumbasses. They’re lucky they’re not all responding to liquors.” But Tony says it with something like affection, patting the nearest robot on the back of its long, shifting neck. “Dummy, you’re on fire safety again. I’m trusting you with this. Don’t ruin it.”
Barton watches her departing back, then glances at Tony. He nods towards the crack in the doors, nudging it open a little further with his boot, and through the gap they watch a group of SHIELD agents and paramedics pass by with an innocuous-looking man out cold on a gurney. He’s young and weedy. He looks like the sort of unassuming guy who works in tech support and spends his life instructing little old ladies to turn it off and then on again.
Tony’s fingers clench and release around the little horseshoe magnet still nestled against his palm. He huffs out a breath of laugher than earns him a questioning look from Steve.
Tony taps him on the arm. Steve jumps and swallows heavily, wrenching his gaze away from the sight of Thor and his girl. He meets Tony’s eyes and has to swallow again.
Steve gazes slides sideways to Tony. He looks startled for a moment, then raises an eyebrow. Tony realises that he’s frowning while he stares at Steve. He shrugs, looking away.
“I still can’t get a straight answer from this thing,” he says. Hitting a couple buttons on his brand new Stark computer, he transfers a folder of readings to Tony’s database.
She nods at Steve again, then turns and continues on her way – up the stairs, not down into the elevator, Steve notes, watching her red hair swinging a little longer than it had been the last time he saw her. Even in slippers, her footsteps are as steady and precise as a dancer’s.
“Asgard is well, then?” Steve asks, and when Thor beams and nods, he adds, slowly, “And how’s... your brother?”
“Hey,” he says. “Nice speech. I think I saw a biker gang crying at the back there. Big, hairy, tattooed, blowing their noses. It was moving, I was moved. Do you have a touching speech prepared for every occasion or did the super-duper serum come with a bonus SAT Writing paper?”
Working with Hill, Sofia gets a conference room booked and the eager press prepared within a matter of days. Standing in their impromptu dressing room, Tony can hear the excited voices building in the conference room next door, everyone slowly assembling for the Avengers debutante ball.
Drawing his hands back to himself, he pulls his gloves on again and straightens up, climbs quickly to his feet, portal gun held tight in his grip.
Tony is thirty-nine and there for barely a split second, choking on water and digging his fingers into the lawn so hard, tomorrow the gardeners will search for a stray dog.
He clears his throat, shakes his head and points a finger at Steve, saying, “You, stay. Hold that thought, stay there. There’s something important I need to do. I’ve been waiting for – but what the hell, I’ll do it now, while I know I can. These cufflinks could explode tomorrow or something, or-”
” Steve holds a hand up. “Stop talking. I know you’re a – a very rich man. I was joking. You looked like a coin-operated game that’d run out of coins.”
“Okay.” Tony shrugs, putting the bottle away again. “Good thing I didn’t start the party without you. Are we going now? Should I suit up?”
“Wow, you’re great for my ego. Or terrible, Pepper’d vote terrible. I need to have a time traveller in
Tony looks around to see Steve, deep in conversation with Romanoff and the harried-looking hotel manager. His gaze is skimming back and forth over the heads of the slowly dissipating crowd while he talks and when he catches Tony’s eye, he lifts his chin in question. Tony nods at him and holds up a finger, then turns back to Pepper. She is still smiling wryly.
“Aye, let us be merry!” Thor proclaims around his pastry. “And then tomorrow we shall rise early from our beds and seek the glories of knowledge with my dear Jane and her comrades!”
“Did you two ever see anything like this in SHIELD’s stores?” he asks. Drawing a stool out from next to Tony, he sits and looks back at her and then across at Clint. “Be careful, we don’t know for sure if it’s safe to touch.”
Looking around, Tony sees Barton step back from his post with a nod and a thumbs up. The doors open wide, the corridor beyond windowless and dark, and then Steve steps through into the light. Murmuring to Barton, he looks around for a moment until he spots Tony and Bruce and hurries over. Thor hangs back behind him, looking sheepish.
Rolling his eyes, Steve lifts his drinks and takes a sip through the straw at last. He swallows carefully, smacks his lip. “This is disgusting.”
, Steve had said, so uncertainly, because Tony’s meant to have a future; Tony’s meant to have Steve’s past, apparently.
He reappears an inch above the cot, in a cave in Afghanistan. He crashes down onto it, naked and wheezing and clawing at the thing in his chest, catching his fingers under the rim and pulling and –
“Sorry, I, uh, what was it? I save my glories of knowledge for after breakfast.” Tony crams half a doughnut into his mouth and adds, thickly, “And I don’t have breakfast before eleven am.”
Steve stops. He looks back at Tony again, who has dropped his arms. His hands hang by his sides, fingers curling and uncurling. He shrugs slightly when he meets Steve’s gaze and he says, “Steve. Come on, I – I’m trying to... I’m
“Well, that’s the scariest thing I’ve ever seen,” Tony says, dropping his hand and backing away behind the bar.
Tony falls silent, turning his attention back to the street below. Sound drifts through into Steve’s apartment: the susurrus of a million voices and a million vehicles in motion. Someone in the street shouts to a friend. A car comes to a halt and a car door slams.
Shaking his head, Tony sidesteps Steve. The air in the workshop is cold and still and Tony moves quickly through it, removing the sensors and hissing when they pinch at his skin. He unplugs the wires and undoes the fastenings and slowly, slowly, sheds it like a skin, dropping it all piece-by-piece onto the floor behind him. He feels raw, pink and new underneath. He pulls a change of clothes from a desk drawer and tugs them on.
Tony, pen cap between his teeth as he signs a young lady’s t-shirt, looks up and around until he spots Steve. He caps the pen and says something to his fan, who says something back that makes him smile broadly, and then Tony moves away. He leans next to Steve, lowering his shades.
Ignoring him, ignoring Tony’s sniggers and the low, constant rumble of the Hulk’s growl, Steve focuses on the communicator in the Hulk’s hands.
“That’s your problem, Cap,” Tony says, swinging the gun up and pointing it at the window. “Impulse control. Not enough bad ideas.”
“I got in a fist fight with a spy up here,” Clint says, around a mouthful of his own ice cream sandwich. He smiles fondly, ice cream in the cracks between his teeth, and points into the nearby bushes. “Right there. About ten years ago, when the place was a dump. Bit his ear.”
Steve rolls up his sleeve while Tony searches in his desk, coming up with a plastic-wrapped scalpel and a test tube.
When he looks up again, Tony is watching him, still sitting on the coffee table, holding himself as quiet and still now as if he could be Natasha. There is an orange glow over his shoulder, and Steve shifts his gaze to watch the robot poking uselessly at the embers of the fire. A futile endeavour.
“Thanks, Mr Jarvis,” Steve says, stepping out. He hears the voice, the computer, murmur, “Not at all, sir,” as the elevator door shuts behind him.
“Well, you sure as hell lived up to his expectations, didn’t you? Pleased him enough he never shut up about it till the day he died. Hell, maybe his last words were ‘Captain America could drive better than you.’ Wouldn’t surprise me. Though, to be fair, that guy crashed the car five seconds later, so Captain America
He pulls over to the sidewalk in front of the tower and a car behind him honks its horn as it swerves past him. Stark Tower, the most high tech building Steve’s ever seen – and two months in the future is a lot of time to see a lot of buildings – doesn’t seem to have any parking.
Relaxing back into the couch, Clint rubs his eyes. He yawns and stretches and swings his feet up onto the coffee table, nudging coffee cups and random screwdrivers out of the way with his toes.
, Steve fills in silently as Tony trails off, picking his way through a clear path and out into the main chamber. It’s the same story the further into the cave they go; the delicate things crushed underfoot and everything too big to stamp on knocked over. Steve spots the piece of scrap metal that served as his temporary shield lodged in one of the surveillance monitors. He pulls it out, ignoring the glass that sprinkles down into his hair, and turns it over in his hands. It seems impossible that he was miming throws only yesterday.
Steve rubs a hand across his mouth. “This never seemed real from my end of things. You were such a strange part of my life, I don’t think I ever really thought of
Steve eases his boot off at last and leaves the pair standing against the wall again, with a grimace. His wet jeans rub against his legs as he stands.
The kitchen is vast, of course. Tiled floor; marble countertops; a whole, separate square of work surface in the middle of the floor, covered in drafting paper and screwdrivers and what looks like the remains of breakfast, which still leaves enough room around it for a small game of baseball. There are, Steve notices and then carefully chooses to ignore, three ovens.
“Authority figures love you. You’re the anti-me. You could probably get Obama to eat a cookie out of your hand. I mean it. Clinton, too.”
Tony comes easily, asleep on his feet, but when Steve tries to detach him and lower him down onto the cot, he twists a hand into Steve’s shirt and holds on tight.
“Remind me to give you a proper tour of the subbasements sometime,” Tony is saying, turning around to face forwards again, his voice and footsteps echoing as he leads Steve deeper inside. “This baby goes deep. And the arc reactor, she’s beautiful, you’ll probably cry a little bit.”
He reaches over Tony’s shoulder and turns the light off. He crosses the room, barely taking in the thick carpet, vast bed, armchair, tables, desk, bookshelves, and he stands in the front of the window. Through the glass it’s night time in New York City, which means so many streetlights, traffic lights, windows, fluorescent signs it’s almost brighter than daylight. It’s beautiful, of course, and it’s very alive.
“That was fun. I particularly enjoyed the part where the chief of police asked for your autograph. Right? Yes?”
Steve’s hand lingers in the air once Tony’s left it. His fingers curl in on themselves and for a second Steve just looks at them, frowning.
He frowns up at the faint, polluted stars. 1980 hangs above his head like a dividing line, over thirty years of missed time on either side of it. One day soon, he’ll stop learning about what came after his time and start learning about what came before
“Dr Banner is showering. Mr Odinson is in his quarters, experimenting with the verbal lighting commands. Captain Rogers fears he has broken the coffee machine and is thus making tea instead.”
“This is the last time you see me,” he says, barrelling on. “In your time, I mean. I’m still gonna see you – I know I still have a World Series to ruin for you – but that’s. All happened by now. To you.”
“Wow, ‘don’t call us, we’ll call you’ from an entire covert ops organisation?” Tony says. “I can’t tell if that’s a high point or a low point in my life, no, really, I genuinely can’t.”
Ignoring the headache, wondering about his dad’s arc reactor blueprints and how Tony would make it that small - because he knows he’d never trust anyone else to put something like that in his body – Tony barely feels it when Obie’s hand lands on his shoulder and squeezes affectionately.
“No, I’ve never been,” Steve says. His mouth has gone dry; he has to swallow heavily, trying not to think of the argument that he overhead, trying not to ask Tony why he didn’t go away with her. He controls the impulse. “Is she – gone long?”
?” he snarls. He twists away from Steve and ducks down to fiddle with the repulsor disc still lodged into his palm, breathing heavily as he twists it first one way and then the other with shaky fingers. “Fuck!”
“Dr Banner owns the tea, but there is a 93% probability that he has no objections to sharing. Agents Barton and Romanoff,” JARVIS adds, “are already at SHIELD’s New York headquarters.”
“We weren’t interested in giving ourselves new powers,” Tony says quickly. “Or in giving anyone new powers. Reed, and Hank Pym and I, we were just interested. We thought – you know, every time a new super villain pops up, he always manages to steal someone’s power somehow. What if we could just give it back to them? Or if we could break down the genetic code of someone’s abilitier, we could use it to design custom weaponry that truly works
Tony leans back in his seat, legs crossed so casually, propping his elbows up on the work surface behind him and for a moment he just looks at Steve.  Then,
“Oh honey, the sweet talk.” Tony finishes tying his lace and leaves it this time, the façade dropped. He reaches for Steve’s hand instead, tucking his fingers up against the palm. “But I’m not. I’m just a really clever man with some thrilling computer components. This is… It’s always watching, and it’s always listening, and it…”
Yinsen, twisting wires together, shrugs and does not look up. His hands are quick and steady as he works. “I can honestly say I have no idea how it works. How can time travel work? How can you possibly exist?”
He should probably find another room for the night – the tower is huge, it would be easy – but instead he curls his toes into the bedspread. He leans back against the headboard, and laces his fingers over his stomach, and closes his eyes.
“Agent Romanoff is located in room four, sir, opposite Dr Banner’s room. Her legs do not currently appear to be homicidal, but I will be sure to inform you if this status changes.”
The first touch to the miniature Iron Man helmet turns it red; the second, bright white, and then the – the cell phone? Steve supposes – in Tony’s hand starts to beep, the picture of his shield flashing red on it.
There’s a pause. Steve lifts his head. He watches the man, frowning, scratch at a stain on the corner of the blanket.
“Here,” Steve says softly, dropping into the seat behind him. He scoops a handful of ice out of his drink and into the napkins. “For your hand.”
“Once in a while,” Steve echoes. “Once in a while? Tony, with your knowledge and surveillance you could be
” he retorts, motioning at her injured arm. She smirks. He ducks down to fiddle with his other lace.
Tony runs his tongue along his gums, sucking thoughtfully on his teeth with his head tilted to the side, as though tasting a fine wine. He smacks his lips.
“Not the first time I’ve heard that question,” Tony says. He smirks. The welding iron showers a steady rain of sparks over his fingers, each touch bright and biting. “What do you think would have happened – if I’d travelled without something holding the shrapnel in place?”
It’s the same receptionist as last time, five weeks ago. She clucks her tongue in sympathy at the sight of him.
He says it so quietly that Tony doesn’t know if he’s meant to have heard it or not, but he looks around anyway.
Tony snorts, shaking his head and picking his pen back up again. “Come on, do I seem like the kind of guy who works on his flaws?”
“My future. Come on, it’s not rocket science. Do I have to cross your palm with silver before you’ll let me in or what?”
Tony jumps in fright. When he looks back at the end of the corridor again, the ghost has disappeared. He’s going to be in so much trouble. He begins to push the study door open and he hears an unfamiliar voice.
It’s the sound of voices that draws him out of his uneasy sleep, jumbled and disoriented. He’s in the ice. He’s in the manor. He’s in the New Avengers’ hide out in the middle of the Civil War. He’s in a cold, dark cave in an alternate universe. Steve rubs his eyes, sitting up. It’s night time, probably, as the lights are out and twenty feet away the wall of surveillance monitors has cast an eerie glow on Tony’s face.
“Right.” Tony nods and, lifting up his hands, tug the blueprints apart again, flinging layers of technology away. Steve automatically dodges as bits of it fly past his face at a wave of Tony’s hands, and when he lifts his head again Tony is smirking at him and all that’s left of the Hulk’s ear piece is a simple framework of springs hanging in the air.
wanna find out,” Tony adds, taking a step back and watching, head tilted to one side, while Steve slowly tugs the strap over his head and pulls the goggles into position over his eyes. “Come on, it’s Captain America and Iron Man, what’s the worst that could happen?”
“Take the left,” Tony is murmuring into a microphone, his eyes fixed on the screen. “No, I don’t care what your intel says. I know more than your intel and I say go left. Mr. O’s men are waiting for you on the right. Oh, that gets you going, doesn’t it? Hey, if I told you Mr. O was hiding in my dirty laundry would you guys come fight it for me?”
Sniggering, Tony turns back to Steve. He’s frowning, a hand over his mouth. He shakes his head when Tony catches his eye.
Standing dimly in the artificial light, Fury rests his knuckles on the conference table and leans forward to stare, slowly, at each of them in turn. Tony swivels around in his chair to watch everyone meet Fury’s eyes without flinching, although Thor is the only one to muster up an affable smile in the face of the stinkeye. Being an alien Viking god prince is one hell of a confidence boost. Who knew?
Finally, “You haven’t missed two years,” Stark says, softly. He sinks back down into his chair and pulls it closer to the bedside, close enough that he can reach out and touch Steve’s arm and Steve – Steve can see Stark’s face clearly now, every sharp line of it. It isn’t Stark’s face. It isn’t Steve’s Stark.
For a while, the baby, the hospital and Maria’s sickness consume everything, but when Howard comes back to himself, he’s holding his son in his arms. His greatest creation. Howard looks down into Anthony Edward’s eyes and knows with absolute certainty that he has seen these eyes before.
to go now. What’s the worst that could happen? Time and space crumbles and Steve Hawking sends me a really angry email? I can stay.”
Tony grins sharply and without humour. In the darkness, his eyes and his teeth shine brightly and for a disorienting second it’s all that Steve can see, as if he’s in conversation with the Cheshire Cat, or a shark, and whichever it is it’s about to bite Steve’s head off.
He glances sideways at Steve, who has lifted a hand up to shield his eyes, rubbing a knuckle against his eyebrow and squinting in the glare of the low hanging sun. He’s smiling to himself. The light is bright on his face.
Overhead, fireworks go off with a bang, and Steve tilts his head his head back to watch them. For once, he doesn’t hear the moment when Tony arrives.
“You can get away with the jeans, and we can hide your patriotic torso,” Tony says once Steve’s dressed, “but nobody in the world can get away with those pirate boots.”
“Oh, Steve?” Pepper calls him after when he’s halfway to the elevator. Steve turns quickly, to see her half rising from her desk, her hands braced on the edge of it. “Could you remind Tony the board wants the new designs by Friday? I won’t hold my breath, but I guess the more people tell him the higher the likelihood he might remember. This deadline’s important.”
“You’re a real charmer,” Tony says, taking his cell back. He holds it out in front of him so they’re both in frame, throws up a peace symbol and takes a photo. Glancing down at it before he sends it to Rhodey, he adds, “And you smile like a twelve-year-old at his first school dance. I can see why the ladies love you.”
“That’s it? Wow, even for T that’s pretty vague.” The background whisperer interrupts again – Jess? Steve thinks – and Peter mutters back. “Okay, thanks for the mysterious info, T’s mysterious friend. Over and out.”
He watches as the metal plates start to shift beneath it, opening like the petals of a flower and slowly, quietly, levering the little robot up onto its side.
“In my day,” he says, looking down into his still full glass, “we didn’t put miniature umbrellas in our drinks.”
He wakes slowly, drifting out of his dream inch by inch until only fragments remain: shadows and movement and voices, and the sensation of falling, all merging seamlessly into the cotton against his cheek and the soft sound of breathing.
“Our portal pea-shooter?” Tony pulls up the results and, scrolling quickly through them with the wave of a hand, he sucks in a breath through his teeth. “Yikes.”
“Yes, Captain, we have people and places. I didn’t bring you all the way back from the Arctic and thaw you out so nicely just so we could lurk underground in a post-apocalyptic wasteland for all eternity, fun though that sounds. Come over here.”
as real. Not properly. It’s a funny thing to wrap my head around, that I’m going to be sharing it with someone now.”
Tony’s voice is still not his own, and nor are his mouth, lips, tongue, forming words on their own over the white noise in his brain, the fireworks in his eyes.
Tony snaps his fingers, pausing in the doorway. “Come by sometime. No flying cars or monorails, nobody wants flying cars and monorails, I mean, nobody except you, sorry, Cap, but – In fact, come by in a couple weeks. I’ve been working on something, it’s a surprise. Okay? Okay.”
He can’t see Tony’s face, but he thinks he sees him nod. The shadow of Tony straightens, pushes away from the doorframe and for a second when he turns his head, Steve sees his profile in perfect silhouette.
Tony picks the portal gun back up off the floor and lays it down across his lap, running his hands back and forth over the barrel of the gun. He prises at a panel in the side, almost absentmindedly, fingers blunt in his leather gloves.
Tony moves back in again, grabbing hold of Steve’s face with clumsy, graceless hands and he pulls Steve down to him. Steve catches on in the same moment and his fingers close once again on the back of Tony’s neck, pulling him
Sniggering, Tony emerges from the cupboards with a big bag of potato chips. He tugs it open and pours a bunch straight into his mouth before tossing the bag at Clint. Clint catches it without turning around.
Tony scrubs his hands through his hair. His skin is tingling and his heart is thumping. His body, every inch of skin and hair and nails, cells and DNA, feels very, very -
Steve comes to a halt next to his bike. He runs his hand over the gas tank and draws in a slow breath.
“Jane Foster’s going to be Queen of Asgard. Unless those two break up, which – you’ve seen them now, you know that’s not going to happen this millennia. Dr Jane Foster, Queen of Asgard. It’s got a ring to it.”
Yawning and stretching, eyes screwed shut, Steve fumbles to the side for the light switch as he walks into his room and then he opens his eyes and he stops, with his hand frozen on the wall.
“You’re a waste, Tony,” Obie hisses right into his ear. He takes hold of Tony’s chin and turns his head towards him. “Your mind, your ability – my god, it’s irritating, but I have to admit it’s impressive. And you waste it! It’s like you’re not even trying. Six long, tedious years I waited until I just – couldn’t - wait – any longer.”
“This is my first time back in the city since everything that happened, so I thought I’d say hi.” Steve shrugs. Keeping half an eye on Tony, he finishes the rest of his drink in one long, slow gulp. “Hi, Tony.”
“Tell me something I don’t know,” Tony says, swiping the green away with a motion of his hand. He taps a finger to the restored black and enters a long code onto the keyboard that appears beneath his fingers.
“Right,” he breathes. Louder, “Tell her I’ll be up in five – no, ten. I just – I need to know what...”
When Steve turns around, Tony is already moving away again, back towards the bar to pour himself another drink.
Tony scoffs. “But you know the super secret military handshake. You’re in the clubhouse. You’re invited to the slumber parties.”
Shaking his head, Clint makes a scornful sound around his potato chips. Natasha keeps looking at Steve, unblinking, her head to one side.
Romanoff nods. She glances at Barton, who nods as well. With a strained smile at them both, Hill flips open the top folder and pulls out a stack of documents.
“Black Widow,” Tony says. “Were you laughing at her, back up there in our team bonding session? Humour me. I’m checking team morale.”
“The nanites keep the blood at bay,” Tony explains casually. He discards the screwdriver and slots the new circuit board into his arm, fixing it in place with a flurry of one-handed activity that Steve can’t decipher. Tony’s hand spasms and he hisses out a breath. “Okay, that stings a lot.”
Thor shakes his head, looking amused rather than offended by Tony’s patronising tone. Then, through the window of the microwave, the popcorn starts to rattle and generally live up to its name and Thor leaps forwards with a shout, yanks the door off and sticks his hand inside. The edge of the microwave door hits the countertop with a thud, dangling from Thor’s grip, the hinges ripped clean away from the oven.
Clint rubs his hands together with glee. “I wanna see how much we have to spend for Stark to actually notice – or not,” he adds, lowering his hands and straightening up as he takes in Steve and Bruce’s serious expressions. His face shifts into the man who shot an arrow at a demigod, rather than the man who wants to spend large amounts of a billionaire’s money on what – Steve suspects – would be very small portions of food.
“Neutral ground,” Romanoff says. “We don’t want people to think we’re working for Stark Industries.”
On the other side of Clint, the Hulk roars and smacks the railing with the palm of his hand, quite gently for the Hulk, as if just to remind them all that he’s still there and still – presumably – hungry. The railing crumples. Clint has to grab hold of the Hulk’s hair to keep from bowling over the edge.
Romanoff pats him on the shoulder. “Everyone is excited. Nobody is interested in hard-hitting questions today. They’ll ask about your favourite colour, not about Harlem.”
Stark Tower rises up above Steve like a sore thumb – or like, Steve can admit to himself in the privacy of his own brain, a much ruder digit. And isn’t that just Tony Stark all over? To throw up a giant middle finger to the gods and the city skyline and make the most ecologically friendly building in the city while you’re at it? In the two months since Steve last saw the tower, it’s been cleaned up and rebuilt to its former glory and, by the looks of things, had another couple floors added to the top.
Reaching his array of desks, Tony dumps the gun on top of one and tugs a drawer open. He pulls out goggles, ear defenders, thick leather gloves. He’s practically humming with excitement, the sight of it making Steve’s own hands tingle, Steve’s own heart rate pick up.
Steve pauses. Someone swears at him and he steps neatly into the entrance of a back alley, out of the way. He leans against the wall.
“I’ve got three PhDs, you know,” Tony says, emerging from the bar at last. He’s got a bottle of vodka in one hand and the box of doughnuts in the other. “I don’t like to brag-”
He frowns up at the frozen image. On screen, Tony’s mouth is open, his hands caught very, very slowly lowering the gun. He slashes a finger around the portal’s impact zone and drags that section forwards, enlarging it.
a missile, and he’s still more reliable than you.” Fury fixes Tony with a stare, then adds, gentler, “Look, you did good. I’m not denying the good you did. But suppose next time, you go temporal walkabout and that missile drops on my city. If you can’t control it, you sure as hell can’t guarantee it won’t happen.”
“Trust you to be a toddler with principles,” he says. “What happened, did the righteousness form in utero?”
It is a cakewalk. From the moment they step out and take their seats, amid a sea of flash photography, and Tony begins to read word-for-word their short statement, the buzz in the room is more excited than just about every press conference he’s ever attended. Including the one for his own return from the dead.
And then suddenly it’s gone. Steve whips around in time to see the pencil roll across the floor, the paper fluttering down to fill the space where Tony had been.
Steve nods against Tony’s hand and feels the grip loosen, although Tony leans in even closer. His voice drops to the barest hint of a whisper: “He’s alive, he’s fine, he lives close by.”
Tony’s head whips around and he leaps to his feet, shoving his communicator back into his pocket. Steve turns too, to see Bruce standing at the top of the stairs with a bag slung over his shoulder, looking down on them with a vaguely amused expression.
He sits down on the side of the bed, rests his chin on his hands, and stares out the window at his city. Bright lights, pigeons. Some things never change.
. Tony’s one of the most popular boy’s names in the world right now – what? Don’t give me that look, it is. Pepper showed me.”
She smirks around her mouthful of Pepper’s muesli. Tony flashes a toothy grin at her in return. He strolls around the table, patting Steve on the shoulder and ducking down to kiss Pepper on the cheek as he passes them by. He feels her smile under his lips. Wrapping an arm around her shoulders, he grabs the slice of toast from its plate and shoves it into his mouth as he moves away.
“You might as well keep hold of yours, right? Prototype StarkTech is better than no StarkTech at all.”
Steve looks at him. From this close, he can see every scar on Tony’s chest. He can feel Tony’s pulse against the hand still resting on his wrist.
Steve stares after him as Tony strides away. There seems no point in stopping him; Steve’s never known any Tony Stark to willingly keep talking after he’s pronounced a conversation so definitively
“It was just one guy,” Tony  says, patting the back of her hand. “He sneaked in, shouted a bit, then Hill roundhouse kicked him in the face – I think Thor’s in love – and security came down on him like a tonne of bricks. He barely made it out of the elevator.”
The robot beeps at him. Its brush is black and bristly and looks, Steve thinks, like a goatee. He smirks. He kneels down to tug his boots on and carefully ties the laces, and wipes at the mud on the floor with his shirt cuff. When he straightens up again, the robot is gone. Tony is still standing at the bar, scribbling on what looks like a piece of glass, his tongue stuck out in concentration.
Looking up at Steve, he trails off. His voice sounds, to his ears, like someone else’s voice. A Tony from a different time, perhaps, staring across at Steve. Steve half-rises from the desk he’s sitting at, then lowers himself back down again, clearing his throat and looking away. He touches a hand, briefly, to his mouth.
“Nearing completion, sir. Only a few major projects are still in progress, all scheduled to be finished within the first week of October.”
He pulls his cell out of his pocket, still ringing. Pepper’s face stares up at him from the caller ID and he smiles down at her.
They emerge somewhere in the back of the cave, a storage area Steve recognises by the shape of the walls despite its transformation. The place has been torn apart. Systematically, he notes, taking in the totality of the debris on the floor. Everything had been taken from the shelves and destroyed before the shelves themselves were pushed over, for maximum destruction. It’s created an alien landscape in the glow of the nanites, metal shelves teetering against each other like dominoes. They’re lucky the doorway in the rock hadn’t been blocked altogether.
“And tell him,” Steve continues, unfazed, “that we’ll be willing to share our own information in return.”
“Well, Bruce now, obviously. Natasha might and if she does Barton might – or might not, girl likes her secrets. Thor... is a man of impeccable character and musculature, but he still can’t tell the difference between Midgardian tech and cinderblocks yet. Give it time, I believe in him. And then there’s you.”
“Okay, that didn’t come out right. That – was a joke. Funny ha-ha, remember? No? No, I guess not. In-joke.  Pepper and Rhodey would be rolling in the aisles right now. It was funny in my head.”
Shrugging in acquiescence, Steve flicks through his sketchpad to find a blank page. Tony catches glimpses of park scenes, cityscapes, a few sketches of older buildings obviously drawn from memory, and then a few pages of loose, quick sketches of Romanoff stretching for a workout. Then Steve tugs a page out and passes it to Tony, and Tony pulls the pencil from its loose grip in Steve’s other hand.
“Did they have aardvarks in the forties? Here, I mean, not in general. We should take you to a zoo. D’you want to go to the zoo? Hey, do you want an
Tony stares at him for a long, long moment. Then his arm goes limp in Steve’s grasp, and he sighs. “There’s a group. I’m not a real part of it and I don’t know who they all are – most of them are after Iron Man’s time – but they call themselves the New Avengers. They’re trying to make a difference. I figure what’s the point in being part man, part machine if you can’t block Big S’s gaze once in a while and tell a kid he’s taking the wrong turning?”
“Okay, first off, you only need to know 1927. That’s the one you told me. New York Yankees. I was nine. I was pretty mad at you afterwards.”
The robot flips itself over onto its wheels again, the plates fluttering shut as it spins in a circle, reorienting itself.
Tony’s expression is unreadable, the cave thrown into shadow in the absence of the electrical glow, but there’s a faint, silvery light coming from – somewhere. From the cave walls themselves, Steve realises, craning to stare up at the shining roof.
“Results inconclusive. Immediate readings suggest it is not giving off anything harmful. Materials, unknown. Energy source, unknown. Origin, unknown. Shall I alert Mr Fury?”
“Our floor was hit hardest,” he says. “Everywhere else just... experienced some technical difficulties.”
They search the area inside and out, checking every room. Thor pulls the carpets up with one hand, to the consternation of the hotel manager until Tony promises the Foundation will cover all repair costs.
“You paranoid son of a bitch,” Steve breathes, impressed, before he steps back and gives Tony a rough shake and says loudly, “I shouldn’t have trusted you.”
Natasha, with her feet up on the coffee table, groans. Ms Potts found her a spare pair of slippers, but she’s still got knives strapped to both ankles. She says, “Don’t tell Stark that. He’ll take it as an invitation.”
Before he can answer, Tony snaps his fingers and exclaims, “Nope! Hold it! He’s not ready,” and dives under a side table, emerging a second later with the little reconnaissance robot clasped tightly between his hands. He sticks it back into the box still open on the floor, closing the latch tightly, and then he picks the box up and thrusts it out at Steve.
“My beloved Jane,” Thor says, “who is as wise and knowledgeable as she is beautiful, has travelled far across the lands of America to attend a meeting of great minds. She explained to me that when your travels bring you to this New City of York, it is a great and noble Midgardian custom to seek shelter with the richest warrior you know-”
Steve nods, although he’s frowning. He looks away from Tony, gazing out the window, before he speaks. “You told me once that you were trying to – measure what you did, somehow. You wore all these crazy wires. But...”
“Well, at least everyone’s staying clear of the Hulk,” he says into Steve’s ear piece. “That’s what I love about New York, the self-preservation instinct. Except for us, I guess.”
“I don’t know what you’re crying about, pal,” Clint throws over his shoulder, without taking his eyes off his own captives. “He got you out of the vehicle before he sat on it, didn’t he? That makes you one of the
Without looking around at him, Romanoff leans sideways and raps her spoon on his wrist, stilling his hand. Still catching his breath, Barton leans forward on his elbows and says, seriously, “You sure about this, Cap? With all respect and affection for my former colleagues, you give an inch, SHIELD takes a mile. We’re big, mean sharks.”
The other Tony’s eyes snap open and he grabs at his own chest, knocking Obie’s hands away, sucking in a deep, shuddering breath.
Bruce, still wincing at the fire alarm, shakes his head. “I couldn’t find anything out of the ordinary, but this isn’t really my area of expertise. Once we get the floor clear...”
Pulling his cell out again, Tony takes a few photos and sends them all to Rhodey. When he looks up from his cell, Steve is still frowning, gazing down at the sign in his hands.
“Communicators,” Tony says, cutting the call with a press of the shield. He bounces on his heels and stares at the - communicator in Steve’s hand. “Neat, huh? Beats the hell out of SHIELD’S tech – I don’t even know what those were made from, Lego? I’m pretty sure it was Lego. These are still just prototypes. Need to Hulk-proof them, coordinate with Thor, don’t think my network reaches all the way to Asgard just yet. They’re only touchscreen now, so you’d have to pull off your fabulous red gloves to press the buttons and that’s exhausting, I’m tired just thinking about it. Who cares about touchscreen anymore, anyway? Even grandmas use touchscreens, I’m just saying. Touch is over, I’m thinking earpieces, voice command. Give me a week and a copy of Neuroscience for Dummies and I could probably whip up an implant-”
Steve throws the pebble at him as hard as he can. It’s not so hard, all the same, because Steve is skinny and the doctor thinks he might have asthma, but it bounces off the man’s forehead and he stumbles back, exclaiming, “Ow! Dammit, Steve-”
“It looks disgusting,” Ms Potts say, staring at the drink he holds out to her as if it might bite, but with a sigh she takes it from his hands and puts it down on the coffee table. “How’d it go tonight?”
“Put it in my calendar. Look, see if you can find Pepper when you get downstairs. She’s in the lobby, she’s kinda freaked out. Tell her nobody’s dead. Buy her a martini or something.”
“If we can study it properly,” Bruce says, rubbing his chin, “we might be able to work out where it’s come from.”
Steve catches. He turns the thing over in his hands to look at it – it’s shaped like a small tortoise, flat on the bottom with three rotating wheels, and rounded on the top with a shell of shifting, overlapping metal plates. The whole thing is dark grey, matte and not much bigger than the palm of Steve’s hand.
There is one, barely two inches long and going blunt, nestled between sky blue and dark green. Steve plucks it out carefully and holds it out to Tony.
SORRY, THIS TOOK LONGER THAN EXPECTED. On the plus side, it took longer than expected because it's twice as long as I'd expected. So much so I had to split it into two to maintain some semblance of chapter length consistency, although it's one long chapter in spirit.
He mimes a basic throw. Drop the knees, flick the wrist. It’s all in the wrist. In his mind, he can feel the shield spin. It would have been a good throw.
“Tony Stark refuses to die,” he says, with a smirk. “I’m like a cockroach. I – One time, couple years ago, I thought I really
“JARVIS, where’s Romanoff? She might get confused and break your neck with her thighs if we put you in her room, and what a scandal
“JARVIS, retrieve video footage from cameras You and Butterfingers, upload to private server. Keep it locked for now, but ready to make available for whitelist uh, zero-zero-four through eight once I’ve reviewed it.”
He flashes Steve a bright, bright grin and watches as Steve’s eyes dart away. Smirking, Tony slots the end of the wire into position, then winds the coil down his arm to the sensors at his wrist. He stands back and spreads his arms.
Finally, Steve turns back to Romanoff and nods towards the main doors. Romanoff nods back and draws a handgun from a holster Tony hadn’t even realised she was wearing, hidden beneath the folds of her jacket. She moves forwards silently, keeping to the edge of the room. Steve lingers to cast an eye around him. People are beginning to whisper to each other again as they pick their way around the broken glass, the tension still running high but the initial shock wearing off.
“You’re telling me.” Tony waves his hand back and forth over the gun, still not touching, muttering under his breath. “Where’s the light source?”
Agent Romanoff snorts with what sounds like laughter. Steve glances at her, but her face is resolutely blank, one shoulder slightly lifted, one eyebrow slightly quirked.
“Sure,” Tony says vaguely as he wanders up and down the corridor. “He stops by sometimes, when he gets bored of the tropics. It’s hard to book hotel rooms when you might sometimes turn big and green and smash things. Here,” he adds, pointing at a door. “You can probably see your neighbourhood from this one. I’d say you could spot your apartment from up here, but it’s got to be revoltingly small, right?”
“Thor,” Tony points out, “calls the microwave magic. But he says he’s got a buddy in Asgard whose job is just to watch the entirety of space and time, or something? So there’s... that option.”
“Won, I mean,” Tony says distantly. He seems to shake himself as Steve watches him, his head jerking up to take in the rest of the destruction. “Perhaps they have already won. Come on, I need to see—”
The chair creaks; it’s the only sound in the silence that has descended on the conference room. Tony leans forwards and then back again, first with one shoulder and then the other, testing how the squeaky joint responds to different degrees of pressure. Next to him, Bruce winces and Clint mimes something enthusiastically violent from the other side of the table. Fury, frowning in thought, ignores it.
Steve has barely finished nodding before Barton turns around to stare at Romanoff. She raises her eyebrows and sits up a little straighter, her poker face firmly in place.
Natasha licks a drop of milk from the end of her spoon and says, levelly, “You want the team to be independent from SHIELD.”
Barton folds his arms and lifts up his chin. “I don’t, but you’ve been going clockwise consistently. So it’s your turn to answer a dumb question, if you’re doing this right.”
She nods and Tony ends the call, slipping his cell away. He peers around until he spots Sofia in the dwindling crowd and waves her over. She looks calm. He figures having your boss return from assumed death and build a flying robot suit really does make a few minor explosions seem like a walk in the park.
Tony is four and tip-toeing, in his matching bathrobe and slippers, past the door of his father’s study, when a ghost appears at the end of the corridor – a boy who looks a lot like Tony, except he’s pale and naked and covering his mouth with his hands like Tony does when he’s trying not to cry.
Steve stares down at him, turning to face him properly and blinking in surprise, and then he lets out a laugh. “Well, of course we are. I know that.”
Tony grins, hopping up out of his desk chair. He crosses the room swiftly, leaning over the couch as he goes to tug Barton’s magazine up out of his hands. Barton snatches it back barely a split second later, fast enough that Tony gets a papercut, but he’s still grinning when he licks the drop of blood from his thumb and pushes through the balcony door.
“JARVIS, remind me to invent a teleporter, already. It’s time. I think the world’s ready,” Tony says with a groan. He drops his forehead into his hands and shakes his head. “Bruce, just try to make it across the border and back into the US. I’ll send a jet to meet you. It’ll still take time but it might, if we’re lucky, be a less annoying time.”
“Jesus!” Steve shouts, reaching forward with his free hand to grab at the screwdriver, but Tony is hunched down over it, breathing deeply, his arm shaking and straining against Steve’s grip as he – Steve pauses, hand dropping – as he unscrews a tiny screw.
Clint makes a noise of profound disgust. He stalks away, drawing an arrow from his quiver as he goes and firing it straight into the target without a hitch in his step. And then, and again, a whole row of bull’s-eyes forming. The Hulk lumbers after him and swats at the arrows in the air, until Clint turns and starts firing them for him to catch – and to crush.
“Two months is like two years for technology. Get with the program, Cap.” Tony nudges the robot with his toes again, although there’s a hint of pride in his voice. “Useless hunk of junk. The great thing about being me is that when my shoes are dirty, I can just buy more shoes. You know how hard it is to program a bot to tell the difference between shoes and, I don’t know, hands, bottle, Mjolnir?”
Tony feels the hairs on the back of his arms stand on end.  His ears pop. The lights flicker, once, and then,
One of the few other moviegoers shushes them loudly, so Steve settles back in his seat. The woman on screen is still alive, edging down a corridor with her back to the wall, her hair a mess and her nightdress torn, her panicked breathing filling the screenroom in surround sound. Steve watches the back of Tony’s head. The other Tony in the other world could easily plough through several days without sleep, without worry. This isn’t, he has to remind himself, keeps on having to remind himself, that same Tony.
“Can I just ask-?” Bruce begins, but Tony hushes him loudly, holding up a finger. Bruce sighs and sits back.
Steve grins, Tony can see it, that flash of white teeth at the corner of his vision. He can see Steve turn, slightly, to look at Tony.
of the light, Steve can’t tell, the wind so strong he has to grit his teeth and grab hold of Tony’s arm – until the light has covered the entirety of the far wall and begins to creep out over the edges, growing bright and brighter, and Steve has to close his eyes again.
Tony jumps, swears, dropping the mic. It skitters across the monitor console and onto the floor, chased by Tony’s hands. As Steve approaches, he can hear a tinny little voice drifting out of the radio.
“You know our names?” Billy squeaks. “But you’re Cap—” He cuts off with a gasp and then Teddy is shouting, “Look out!” and Steve spins around in time to see the disarmed soldier staggering to his feet, arm stretched out—
Tony smirks. He drums an arrhythmic tune against the bar top, then rocks back on his heels and shoves his hands deep into his pockets. “Wrong place at the wrong time. I’ve heard that one before.”
“Cap.” He snaps his fingers again. “Favourite, uh... No, I’ve got it. Best thing you’ve hit with your shield. Personally,” he adds to Barton, sotto voce, “I’m rooting for killer whale.”
Steve lets Tony’s voice wash over him, barely understanding every other word but Tony sounds – beneath the bluster and the wisecracks that Steve is only starting to learn how to see through – as enthusiastic as a kid showing his mom a fingerpainting. He lifts his communicator up close to his face and examines each pictogram: a hammer; a little bow and arrow; a scowling face that can only mean the Hulk.
The lights sink back into the ground and Tony emerges from the shadows, jogging to the door. It opens for him.
“Now would be,” Tony grits out through clenched teeth, the armour rattling around him because it was built to blow up bombs, not to carry them. He can
Stark isn’t saying anything. Steve twists to look at him, to check that he hasn’t sneaked away and left Steve without answers again, but he hasn’t moved. Stark is just staring at him. His eyes are very, very wide.
He swallows. Tony’s pulse reverberates through his fingertips, so strong and steady it feels as if Tony’s heartbeat could seep straight into Steve’s skin and stay there. It feels as if it’s already there inside of him.
Tony grins at his own joke despite himself, sharp and bright, and Steve watches him. Steve stands and watches him, with something sharper and brighter in his eyes.
It takes days for Steve’s body to start feeling like his own again. The alien sensation creeps from his limbs in inches, until he is able to sit up without falling back down again seconds later and then, at last, able to stand and to walk. It’s Steve’s body, all right; fresh from fighting in the War. Steve’s mind, on the other hand, is fresh from a different war all together. He tries not to think about what’s happening in his absence, only about how to get back to it.
“Hey, you got your suit back!” Steve exclaims, then thinks and frowns. “Or... you only just got it?”
He keeps his eyes closed. He raps his knuckles blindly against the arc reactor. “What if I don’t make this? Go back to that past, knocking-on-heaven’s-door me empty handed?”
They stand in silence, but not uncomfortably. The elevator swoops downwards with a silken whisper and Tony can’t suppress the itch of pride that it barely feels like movement, as if the basement were the one rushing politely up to meet them. He thinks of his dream, that sensation of falling, for just one second and then he pushes it aside. Press conference, he tells himself, publicist, Rhodey, legal. He can feel that headache rising up again, like the beat of a heart between skull and skin.
“The situation’s under control,” Steve says. “Widow set the alarm off so we can clear the building quickly – just till we’re sure it’s secure. We’re heading back right now.”
Anyway, I just want to say, this is the longest thing I've ever written that wasn't a Nanowrimo. Somehow, when I started writing it in my head the night after watching the Avengers for the first time because I was too excited to sleep, it was just a glorified five times fic (times Steve stopped by the tower before he moved in) that I was expecting to be about 5,000 words long. LET US THROW BACK OUR HEADS AND LAUGH AT MY PAST FOOLISHNESS.
“All the menace of a pissed off gorilla, all the vocab of a two-year-old.” From behind Steve, there’s a familiar whine and a thud as the Iron Man suit makes it landing, and then Tony lifts his faceplate and in his own voice adds, “Let him down now, Hulk. He’s learned his lesson. You’ve taken him to a whole new level of learning his lesson, by the look of him.”
Turning around, Steve looks at Tony properly. “He... wasn’t. Not how I knew him, anyway. Hard-working, sure. Dedicated. But he always had time for...” He pauses, searching for the words. He hasn’t thought about Howard in a while. Time for rescue missions. Whiskey. Costume redesigns. “For fun. He always had time to help a fella out, I guess.”
“I remember them building this,” he says. “The construction workers were like superheroes to me and Bucky. One of them gave me a dollar once.”
There’s a pause, punctuated by Tony’s scribbling. Resting his chin on his hand, Steve watches Clint fire another arrow at the Hulk. It explodes when he catches it, and the Hulk roars indignantly, beating his chest while Clint laughs.
Tony smirks. He drops his hand and steps away, ignoring the itch deep beneath his skin. When he snaps his fingers, the doors to his closet glide open and he steps inside. Bypassing the rows of shoes and ties, he snaps his fingers again so the racks of shirts begin to slowly rotate, bringing new shirts up to the front until the cycle pulls them back again.
Hand still up and tongue still out, Tony lifts his eyes to stare at Steve. He licks the last of the ice cream up pointedly and says, “It’s my highly advanced armour and I’ll lick it if I want to.”
Steve looks down at him for a little while, his forehead creased and his lip twitching in some internal debate, but then he nods and holds out a hand. After a moment, Tony takes it, letting Steve heave him up onto his feet.
would happen, and it did. That was great, I’m not knocking that. Happiest I’ve ever been to have Black Widow stab me in the neck.”
“That’s it? I flew out here with government research for, what? ” He plucks the sample from Tony’s hand, pulling it taut. “Ten by forty inches?”
He takes Steve’s wrists and turns his hand over, dropping the magnet into his upturned palm. Steve’s fingers curl around it automatically, then slowly uncurl. Steve sucks in a breath.
He frowns up at the screens, watching himself pull the trigger from two different angles. The light bursts out so bright both images become, for a moment, entirely flooded with white. He watches the light on the second screen come rushing towards him, Butterfingers rolling backwards with the force of it. When the light hits the wall, the camera shakes and the screen goes blank.
“She likes it. I like it.” Tony slurps Steve’s drink, pulls a face, staring at Steve with wide, innocent eyes. “It’s a win-win situation. Good god, this
Steve can feel the very tips of Tony’s fingers brushing against his thigh, but Tony doesn’t move his hand. And Steve doesn’t move his leg. He’s waiting for something to happen. He’s waiting for
It’s dark and cold and quiet, beneath the pounding rhythm of the rain; the kind of quiet that comes from even the most hardened criminals taking a look outside and deciding to stay in for the night. Steve sprays water in an arching wave as he pulls over in front of Stark Tower. Through the haze of rain, he can see Mr Coulson dashing down the steps with a giant, red umbrella. They share a grim nod, and Steve passes him the keys to his bike wordlessly and trudges through the door into, at last, a little moment of warmth and of peace.
She laughs once and shakes her head and looks away again, shifting forwards to rest her chin on her knees. The movement dislodges Tony and he sits up straighter, looking over her shoulder, following her gaze up to – the sky, the few, faint stars. The blackness in between the stars.
Steve’s fists clench and pain jolts through his hand again, making him wince. Tony’s gaze jerks down to his knuckles for a second before it snaps back up to his face again, Tony’s eyes wide and bright. He stands his ground like he’s made of iron. His feet are bare, Steve realises with a jolt that leaves him almost as breathless as the pain in his hand.
for. Do you remember your Malibu house-warming? You might not, you were pretty drunk that night – but then again, I suppose your little gate-crashing was only a few months ago for
“You’re unsubtle. You gave Clint food, so you want him on your side. You argued with Steve this morning, though the two of you have become good friends—” and at this, her gaze swings around to Steve, although she keeps talking to Tony. “You’ve been frustrated by Fury’s silence for months. You seem cheerful today.”
Tony looks around himself and lets out a groan, which becomes a yawn. “Pep’s away. Couldn’t sleep without her icy feet kicking me every five minutes, so I went for a stroll.”
Tucking the communicator tighter between his ear and his shoulder, Steve picks up a box of oatmeal. He drops it into his basket and then, looking around him – Tony has satellites and highly advanced robots, Tony could probably watch his every move if he wanted to – grabs a box of what looks like tiny cookies and marshmallows and frowns down at it. It doesn’t look much like breakfast food.
Tony smiles at that, softly, as though it’s a private joke. Which, Steve realises with a flush of warmth, it is.
. But then again, this Tony isn’t Iron Man, and this Tony has hidden himself away in a cave, and this world is already so different.
“Look,” he says, sitting on the arm of the couch and crossing his arms. “Come on, you little bastard.”
Just as suddenly as the wind began, it starts to blow in the opposite direction, back towards the wall of light and energy which is shrinking in on itself. Tony shouts something Steve can’t hear, yanking the gun down so the stream of light breaks off at last, the tail end of it whipping away from the gun barrel as it’s pulled towards the wall. Tony shakes Steve’s hand off his arm and starts to run towards the light, already half the size it was, spiralling inwards like a whirlpool.
Tony – drawing a bundle wrapped in sweatshirts out of the bag – pauses. He glances sideways at Steve, raising his eyebrows, and sweeps his gaze up and down Steve’s body.
Steve does, running his hand down Tony’s forearm. There are no discernible edges, or changes in texture, or
Because if you’re right... if HYDRA have the technology to open portals we’re in for a whole heap of trouble.”
She pauses and frowns. Out of the corner of his eye, Steve can see Tony, tense, watching her as closely as he is.
“I – I know you are,” Steve hazards. He puts on his best Pepper Potts voice, her particular brand of sternness that never quite hides the river of affection running beneath it, and he says, “Now let go and
! Are you authorised to touch that?” Someone murmurs ‘no, ma’am, sorry, ma’am’ and Hill strides on, picking up the conversation again without a missed beat. “We have items scattered in various secure locations across the state. The Council and the Government both want control of the New York salvage, Fury... disagrees. This is classified.”
Tony leans his full weight against the buzzer and waits, ankles crossed, with his elbow on the button and his head propped up on his knuckles. He stares right back at all the passers-by who double-take at the sight of him.
He kicks the lid open, revealing a half dozen more communicators packed inside. Steve raises an eyebrow and pulls one out, examines it from all angles.
“Top of the morning to ya,” Clint declares as they enter, lifting up his coffee mug in greeting. He’s sitting on the edge of the island work surface, his feet up on a stool.
I was sleeping, and I was having an awesome dream, and now...” She pauses, blinking, and she shakes her head and screws her eyes up tight. When she opens them again, she says in a very faint voice, “Oh my god, you’re Tony Stark. Okay, deep breaths, Darcy, deep breaths.”
He pauses, taking a breath, and then when Fury – standing tall and silent, arms crossed – raises an eyebrow at him, Tony spreads his hands and shrugs. He slides back down into his empty seat, drumming his fingers on the edge of the table.
Bruce begins to laugh softly, helplessly, shaking his head.  “I still can’t believe this is all happening. Consulting with aliens about parallel dimensions. The world’s gone crazy.”
“Doctor,” she says, looking up. She smiles and climbs to her feet, jumping over Thor’s long legs. “Dr Foster. But call me Jane, anyway. You’re Steve, right? Should that be Captain Rogers? Sorry, I spend half my life living in a van, chasing storms, and the other half with a Viking, so I’m not great at formalities.”
“Careful,” Steve begins, but Tony ignores him. He’s frowning in concentration and, as Steve watches, he sniffs the gun barrel and then passes the whole gun back and forth under his nose, inhaling deeply.
Right over Tony’s head, there’s a dent in the wall where the energy first struck it, three feet across and crumpled at the edges as if it were only cheap drywall. Steve eases off his own safety gear, letting it drop to the ground as he steps forward for a closer look. He presses his own palm to the wall.
They drift back into silence, watching the bag fill back up with its lost money. It’s a sunny day still, despite the approach of fall, and Steve can feel the Iron Man suit giving off heat next to him like a warm body.
Tony shrugs. “Tried it, fired it, basement remains one hundred per cent portal free. Sure, they’ve got the tech, but they haven’t got it working yet.”
He looks around, taking in the exits and the shape of the room. Back home this would have been the equipment storage room, he realises, but here the room is empty. Still, there is the familiar door to the familiar elevator.
That seems to do the trick; Tony blinks and shakes his head, lowering his hand. “Do I – what? No, I don’t need a cent. I’m a billionaire. You did know that, didn’t you? Stark Industries, remember? I mean, I know we were too busy fighting aliens for the small talk, but I kinda figured the tower with my name on it gave the game away? No? The robotic suit? The impeccably styled goatee?”
“All I’m saying is, I’ve never seen your arc reactor punch a, a – giant snake from space in the head and win.”
“Jesus,” he groans, flopping back onto his pillow. He kicks the sheets off the bed and onto the floor. Belatedly, he rolls over to check Pepper is already up and gone, which she is.
He lifts a metal box out of the breadbox and slides it across the work surface towards Steve. It hits up against his fingers, so he lifts his hands and tugs it in front of him. There doesn’t seem to be any kind of lock or catch, just a smooth, black panel on the top of the box. Tony leans against the cabinets and watches him study it, hip cocked, ankles crossed.
Tony raises an eyebrow, but he learned long ago to trust his future selves, so he thrusts the soldering iron at the other Tony and heads over to the car.
,” Tony says, gesturing between them. “Are you hearing this? This, the words coming out of your mouth? Remember when you told me you were in the wrong place at the wrong time – and now this? What are you waiting for, the okayish place at the so-so time?”
, I think. Shit scared and – and a whole load of other things, but glad, cause I knew it was gonna work. My one good deed. Nobody could call Tony Stark flying a bomb into space and dying alone selfish, right?”
Tony kicks the door shut behind him. Shoving his hands into his pockets, ruining the line of his $5000 dollar suit, he follows Steve down the corridor, taking 1.2 steps for each one of Steve’s. Steve glances sideways at him four times, but doesn’t say a word. Tony pretends he isn’t counting.
“Up, wake up,” Tony says. He snaps his fingers at one of the desks. “Vacation’s over, guys, back to work. JARVIS, rouse the chorus. And scan this thing too, while you’re at it. I want a full reading.”
“Cut his throat shaving a new shape into his bead,” Natasha suggests. “Forgot he wasn’t in the Iron Man suit and walked off the balcony.”
They look at each other again, in silence. Tony’s eyes are wide and his expression unreadable, as if he’s waiting for something he wants Steve to say. Steve is suddenly, abruptly uncertain. He puts his glass down on the countertop and clears his throat.
Tony, he can tell. The Tony who he knows so well from the past and can only barely catch a glimpse of in the present; with slightly longer hair and a slightly restyled goatee and the ability to stand comfortably in Steve’s presence.
Steve is climbing to his feet automatically to bid her goodnight, but when she turns to look back at him, what he says is, “Natasha, wait – what do you know of Fury’s plans?”
“He didn’t have anything on him,” she says, “and I couldn’t find any signs of a device or tampering out there just now. Lights didn’t blow out above or below, so it must be on this floor. But,” she adds, with a shrug. “I’m no scientist.”
“The station’s not far,” he says. “It’s a nice day. We can walk. First things first, ma’am, sir? Are you folks from the bank?”
Tony rubs his thumb along the rim of the arc reactor. He remembers, vaguely, Obie’s hand reaching down. He hears Yinsen let out a soft breath.
“But why?” Steve says. “You said yourself you weren’t a teamplayer. Nobody would have been offended if you took a step back from this after New York.”
Steve draws to a halt by the bar. He watches Tony pour generous helpings into two glasses. Here’s where Tony offered Loki a drink; there’s the window Loki threw him through; that’s the patch of floor Hulk beat Loki into. It’s like a particularly grotesque sight-seeing tour.
Pepper nods. She kisses him again quickly and pulls away, retrieving her cell phone and the threads of her conversation from Sofia and glancing back once over her shoulder as she goes. Tony watches until the doors have closed behind her, then he turns in the nearly empty lobby and heads back to the team.
“Or that works too,” he says, following the magical light display through the trees and into the park.
Rolling his eyes, Steve hands Tony the second screwdriver. It apparently signals the end of the conversation, as Tony twists away on his desk chair and sets about examining the circuitry from all angles. With a sigh, Steve turns to lean against the desk, sticking his hands in his pockets. He’s still wearing his uniform, in all its battle-worn, frozen and thawed glory. One day soon, he’ll need some new clothes. He’ll need to contact whatever scientists this world has to offer. He’ll need to leave.
Steve hopes briefly, fervently, that the grass is too damp to burn. Then he kicks the soldier in the head. The soldier drops to his knees heavily and his arm falls to his side, fire still sputtering out of his hand. The grass smokes and hisses. In one quick movement, Steve grabs the guy by the wrist and wrenches until the shoulder dislocates and the fire dies.
’ Barton quickly turns his face away, covering his mouth with his hand not quite fast enough to hide his choking snort of laughter.
The great unknown is, it turns out one elevator ride later, the Avengers’ Mansion basements. Steve gapes as Tony swings the metal wall panel back into place, hiding the elevator from view.
“They’re all important to her. That’s why she’s the CEO and I’m.” Tony hesitates, lowering his pen to mull it over. His mouth slips into a slow grin. “I’m the man behind the curtain.”
“You two,” he says. “You need to leave town. You were already on the bad guy’s radar and this little affair really hasn’t helped. Get out while you can. Don’t tell anyone where you’re going,” he adds sharply, raising his hand. Billy’s eyes are fixed on the burnt and peeling skin in the centre of Tony's palm, his face pale. “Don’t say it out loud. Someone might hear you. Got it?”
apartment they’re sitting in – kicked Steve out long ago, feels like an achievement. This is progress.
“It reaches logical conclusions,” Tony says. N. T. “It makes educated guesses. If it sees a bunch of people staring up into the sky, it starts to wonder what the hell they’re all looking at.”
“Well, how else’m I meant to know where you all are?” Tony spreads his arms and shrugs lopsidedly, looking truly baffled, as if secretly tracking your buddies really were the most logical step when you’re Tony Stark. “Two super spies, and Bruce is busy making hide-and-go-seek an Olympic sport or something, and then there’s you and Thor just bumbling around like America’s Next Top Tourists.”
“You’re an eternal disappointment, Brucie,” Tony says, patting Bruce on the side of the face. “Be good, eat your vegetables, if the other boys say mean things step on them.”
Steve clears his throat, refocusing. “And none of this is substantiated, right? Nothing you saw with your own eyes?”
“You listen up,” he says, voice low and quick. “Whatever the hell I apparently said or didn’t say in your past, it’s still
Steve dreams of the cave, and of Sharon’s face looking down on him, her mouth soundlessly moving while Steve loses himself in the labyrinth, searching for the steel door that keeps moving, that is just just just out of reach—
“Yeah, yeah, well done us, fighting the good fight, but-” Tony snaps his fingers as best he can while they’re encased in metal. He taps Steve on the wrist; the gauntlet is surprisingly warm. “We did it all without Fury telling us to jump and specifying how high. No being sent out like his extremely handsome flying monkeys. No near death experiences, or nuclear missiles, or Nick. Just us, doing our extremely handsome thing.”
This time, there’s no doorman, no secretary, no business folk passing by or catchy wireless tune in Steve’s head, although the door still springs open for him when he touches it, too tired to do little more than mumble his thanks to JARVIS. Of course, this city never truly sleeps, and the lights of Stark Tower never truly go out but it’s darker and quieter than Steve has ever seen it before. The sun will rise, soon.
Suddenly exhausted, Steve drops down into the desk chair. He turns the video camera over and over in his hands, thinking about erasing the video file or maybe just throwing it against the cave wall and storming away from Tony, storming all the way out into the streets of Manhattan to find – what? A Spider-man he can’t even look at. A city weighed down by the Sentry’s watch. He sighs and places the camera carefully on the desk.
He runs Steve through the locations he visited and the gossip he heard – a convoy of unmarked vans in the middle of the night; soldiers in the desert with strange uniforms; mysterious lights over the desert at night – and, “If Red Skull knew about the Tesseract then it’s possible he knew about other things too, right?” Bruce says.
“Of course.” She kisses him on the cheek and, casting a glance around the room with a rueful smile, she says, “Good luck, everyone.”
“Who, me?” Tony looks around the room exaggeratedly, and then points at himself. Steve nods. “Never better, Cap. Fine and dandy. Peachy and keen.”
“Not a lot,” she admits after a moment’s silence. “But I know he has plans. I know he’ll call us when he needs us. I know we all deserve a break after saving the world.”
“Nothing concrete. There are a few agents following me most days, but I pretend I don’t notice them now. They got a bit upset,” he adds with a rueful smile, “when I offered to buy them coffee.”
He jerks awake too quickly, wide-eyed, panting, tangled in his sheets. He throws his hands up in the dark, with his hands bent out and his palms forward. It takes him a moment to remember that he’s not wearing the suit’s gauntlets. Another moment to remember that he is awake, was asleep, has only had – for fuck’s sake – a freaky dream.
“Could you keep ahold of this for me?” he says. “I figure if I carry it through the desert with me, it’ll attract some unwelcome attention and – well, this tower is probably the safest place I know. So if you could just – keep it somewhere safe till I’m back for it?”
“A little further to the left,” the other Tony says without looking up from his soldering. “Trust me.”
At last, Tony throws down his screwdriver and exclaims, “What? Did you see someone being unpatriotic on the way here or something?”
“I dunno, maybe.” Tony pauses, then adds, “Don’t test this theory, okay? Especially not the moon part.”
Shoving the bag back at Bruce, with the zipper still half-open and the sleeve still dangling out, Tony straightens Bruce’s shirt collar.
Steve startles, frowns, opens his mouth to angrily retort – and hears the beeping before he sees the shoe-cleaning robot zip into view, circling Tony’s feet and plucking at his socks.
Tony grins. He grins around at them all, at Bruce’s slightly bashful expression now he’s stopped coughing and at Thor’s blatant relief that Romanoff isn’t a cannibal.
Scanning the room, Steve spots Tony standing by the window, glass of whiskey in hand and his back to Steve. Steve keeps on turning, taking in the penthouse and, in the habit borne of a lifetime, all possible escape routes. The place is much the same as it was last time he saw it, although then it was half-destroyed by Loki and the Chitauri. There are new staircases, new doorways, probably at least half a dozen ways out that Steve could take if they were under attack, and that was without a robotic armour or the tower’s blueprints.
“Okay, okay,” Tony says, holding up his hands, and Romanoff rolls her eyes but falls silent. “No more pirate jokes, let’s cut to the chase. You know as well as I do this isn’t going to work. The Avengers are currently the most famous group of loveable misfits in the world and SHIELD? I think officially you guys don’t even
Sitting down on the freshly cleared space on the table, Tony peers over at the mess of papers now spread across the floor. “It’s still in a pile. Technically.”
Steve feels Bucky’s fingers on his shoulder, and he hears Bucky whisper, “Hey, doesn’t he look like…?”
Someone with large hands delicately lifts Tony’s wrist up from the couch cushion he’s sprawled across and moves it into Tony’s lap. Tony opens his eyes to squint up at Thor.
Feeling suddenly foolish, Steve scrubs the cat away. He ties the towel around his waist, so big it’s practically a ball gown even on him – what does Tony
It’s a sunny day and Steve hums to himself as he jogs up the steps of Stark Tower, nodding to Mark and waving to Ms Clark and smiling at all the business folk in the lobby who shoot confused looks at him and his oddly-shaped gym bag – all he could find to fit his shield in at short notice – as he passes them by.
He grows louder and more forceful with every word, pacing towards Tony and then away again, but when he pauses for breath he goes still.
Nodding Tony pulls his shades out of his pocket and slips them on. Over his shoulder, he hears Thor mutter, “Should I not wear my helmet?”
“Reed and Sue were arrested, four, five years ago. Ben’s gone so far underground he’s probably dug all the way to China by now. I hear Johnny’s fine, though.”
She rolls her eyes, flapping her hand. “Go, go, oh my god. You don’t need my permission, I promise.”
Back by the elevator, a small, round robot the size of a dinner plate is trying to drag one of Steve’s boots away. Steve has big feet and he likes his boots sturdy, so the furiously beeping robot has only managed to move the boot a few inches, leaving a streak of mud across the floor. He has to kneel down and wrestle his boot from the robot’s appendages – flat hooks that were probably originally intended to scrape mud, but which the robot is now using more like pincers. It pinches his toe to prove the point, once he finally tugs the boot back, the brush set in its front whirring angrily.
this, a cape? Fashion tips from Thor?” Tony leans on the back of the couch, peering at him and tugging at the corner of one of the towels covering his shoulders. “These are attached. Good god, Pepper, what have you done?”
“What, did you think I was wearing all this for fun? It’s for science. I’m trying to, uh-” He waves a hand, motioning at the glowing circle in his chest. “Find a way to control myself. These wires are for measuring all the stuff that happens to my body when I go. Normally when I time travel, I leave everything behind, but because I have this magnet in my body now, any metal I connect to it becomes kind of a – part of me.”
Steve pauses, thinking. Learning the new layout of the city was strange and confusing, and even when thinking of
Natasha nods once. She crosses her arms. “Get back in touch with Banner, get his location. You can fly to him and bring him back with you.”
“Right.” With a nod, Steve lowers his bag onto the desk. He takes a step back, glancing across at Tony, who’s bouncing on his heels beside him like a kid at Christmas. “They’re definitely up to something. I found this at the bottom of a mineshaft.”
Tony grins at him. Pulling his arm back, he aims for the top of the next skyscraper along and throws the paper plane as hard as he can. The wind picks it up right away, tugging it from Tony’s fingers the second he lets go; the plane speeds away, spiralling downwards into the city.
He supposes some poor new recruit, signed up to SHIELD for a life of espionage and intrigue, got stuck with the job of redelivering the safe mail to him. He doesn’t know for sure, as he’s never seen them. He’s rarely there. It’s not his home.
“Oh, no, no. There’s no need for that. Mr Stark isn’t here, but Ms Potts is in. You’re authorised to come and go as you please, regardless.”
“I’ve had plenty of bad ideas,” he says, once the silence had stretched uncomfortably long. “But I always tried to point them at the bad guys instead of at my own home.”
“I mean, folks didn’t curse around civilians, and I was filmed a lot so I always had to be careful, got into the habit of just
Steve bites his cheek, not laughing. Ignoring Tony’s curses, he turns and leans back against the wall, crossing his arms. He cranes his neck to look up at the top of the tower, unable to suppress the memory of how it had looked with a portal to another world torn into the sky above it.
He steps closer, bending down over it until his nose is barely an inch away from the surface, but he doesn’t just grab hold of it and start examining it like he would, Steve’s sure, with anything else. That, more than the slightly unsettled expression on his face, speaks volumes.
He lowers the pencil and thrusts the paper out at Steve. Steve takes it automatically, glancing down at its message: ‘HI, RHODEY xxx’
He climbs to his feet and heads for the exit, pausing to gather up the fallen pieces of paper as he passes them, finally balling the handful up in his fist and tossing it over his shoulder at the elevator doors. It’s a quick ride up to the penthouse and a quicker walk to the kitchen door.
super secret. Only three living people know it exists and you’re one of them.” Tony watches curiously as Steve leads the way into the elevator, all too familiar. “I take it you know Stark Manor, then.”
The Hulk shoots him a disgusted look, but whatever he was about to do, he – doesn’t do it. Instead, still growling, he turns the getaway driver the right way up again and lowers him carefully to the ground. The man’s legs fold underneath him and he sits down in the road, staring up at the Hulk, and the Hulk – leaning forwards on his knuckles and bending down, down – lowers his face to stare right back into the man’s eyes, their noses squashed together.
appreciates it.” Tony rubs a hand over the magnet. “I have a suit of armour I wear for... my work, but I can’t wear it all the time. A, it’s bulky and b, you wear armour all day and people start to question your sanity. So sometimes I just gotta go naked.”
Opening his eyes a fraction, the reflection of sun off the skyscrapers is dazzling. He squeezes his eyes shut again and laughs, and the wind snatches the sound of that away too.
“Okay, listen,” Tony says. “Once upon a time there was a little boy who was never on time. The boy’s you, in case that wasn’t obvious. It’s me, too. You’re going to have a weird life and parts of it are gonna suck. Sorry about that. It’s too late to change any of it now, so just... remember this moment, okay?”
It’s abrupt, rude even by Tony’s standards, with that strange look still on his face. Taking another sip of his drink, Steve feels his way along the edge of whatever conversational precipice he’s stumbled upon, resolves to reread Tony’s file – buried at the bottom of his bag with all the other notes on the Avengers he’s still unwilling to throw away – and takes a careful step back from the abyss.
“We’re very sorry,” says one of the men kneeling before Clint and Clint’s bow and arrow, “and we won’t do it again.”
He drifts into the centre of the room, picking up a few loose sheets of paper from the floor and moving an empty coffee mug off the bare table and onto a coaster. He glances down at the papers in his hand, which have on them Tony’s scruffy signature and a smear of what looks like ketchup. They look confidential -
Steve pushes his pencils and paper aside and sits up so he can peer at Tony. Tony frowns down at his drawing intently, tapping the point of his pencil against the paper. A dozen little marks form in its wake.
He goes soft again, saying, “And I chose to kiss you, didn’t I? I know, I know, how could have I, if you hadn’t
“Hey, Barton, aim for a hawk’s eye next time,” Tony says. “Make a thing of it. You wanted a new hobby, right?”
He steps out onto the floor. When he glances back over his shoulder, Tony’s face is obscured by the camera. The little red light is flashing where his eyes would be, so Steve focuses on that when he asks his next question. “Is Osborne trying to recreate the super soldier serum? He must know nobody’s ever managed it.”
“If not doing nothing makes me an idiot,” Steve says, “then I guess I’d… rather be an idiot than not not do nothing.”
Pepper, touching the edge of the helmet, whispers, “I’ve seen this before. Years ago. Have I really spent my whole life watching you almost die?”
“It’s been seventy years since I saw her, twenty since she passed. Whichever way, it’s long enough to...”
Steve looks over his shoulder. The crowd doesn’t seem to be dispersing so much as joining the back of the line. “I said the folks from the bank should come along, but I guess everyone else... wanted to come too.”
“That...” Tony trails off, staring, then snaps back into motion to nudge Steve in the ribs. “Pay attention now, Cap, I’m teaching you a vital twenty-first century phrase here – that shit ain’t right.”
“Thank you,” Steve says, climbing down from the car to take it from him. “That’s a brave thing you just did.”
She waves her glass at the robot by the fire. They sit and watch as it slowly drags a fresh log from the pile and, with a small chainsaw that unfolds from its body like a penknife, sets about cutting it up into manageable pieces.
“Okay. I... wasn’t the only person looking for you. I got there first because I’ve always been a bit of a Captain America fanboy,” he says with a smirk. “So I had a pretty accurate idea where in the ice you were. And I had to get to you first – I
“I love the smell of a consistent trend in the morning,” Tony says. He turns to Steve and raises an eyebrow. “Come on, I’m waiting.”
“I’m sorry,” Steve says, although he isn’t, really. He ducks his head, still laughing, and he sees Tony crack a smile out of the corner of his eye. When Steve straightens up again, Tony’s looked away.
The lab is loud and busy, and in ten minutes a spy starts shooting and a simple case of mistaken identity leaves everyone’s minds. Howard thinks nothing of it.
“We should wait until Fury has assigned a SHIELD liaison,” Romanoff says. “The agent will need to know what we’re going to do and say.”
“I still don’t know enough about modern weaponry yet to tell what looks right,” Steve says. “But this definitely... didn’t look right.”
Tony draws in a deep breath. He holds up a hand and, “Let’s see. New armour, obviously,” he says, ticking it off on his fingers. “Got an electric car in development. Water filtration device, that’s our Wakanda contract, very hush-hush. Working on an airborne surveillance system. Upgrading JARVIS for his birthday.”
Lifting Tony’s dangling arm, he eases it back up onto the mattress, untangling the shirt. Tony’s breath catches at the movement and his eyes slit open.
After he lets his publicist know they need to organise the world’s first press conference for an honest to god superhero team and they need it fast - Sofia takes it in stride; he figures she can take anything in stride after dealing with ‘boss returns from assumed death and builds a flying robot suit’ – it takes less than ten minutes for the company gossip mill to reach Rhodey’s ears.
Back up in the penthouse, Tony leads Steve straight to the kitchen. It’s just as huge as Steve remembers it being, brightly lit in the mid-morning sunshine. Its two occupants are a new sight, though.
“I was never actually a boy scout,” Steve says, sticking with the only part of Tony’s speech he can even formulate a response to.
He spreads his palm over the miniature reactor. He can cover it with his whole hand. His fingers curl under the rim, digging in.
“Is this why you called me here today?” Steve asks, swinging his gym bag off his shoulder and leaning it against the side of the desk. “To play catch with the Hulk? Not that it doesn’t make for an interesting change, but...”
Steve fishes his communicator out of his pocket and makes a vague attempt to dig out the ear piece without dropping anything. It still feels so strange, having something in your ear like that. He gives up and answers it like a telephone, standing in the middle of the cereal aisle.
“I don’t want to be the kind of fella,” he says, slowly, shaping his words with extra care around his clumsy tongue, “that chooses to stand by and do nothing.”
“See this?” he says, tapping the blue line on the graph. “That’s the frequency of time travel. I should win a Nobel prize.”
Steve huffs out a breath of laughter. Billy Kaplan. And the other kid must be Teddy, holding himself in that slightly self-conscious way, for all his face is too shadowed, too indistinct to make out. There is no way the Young Avengers could exist in a world that doesn’t even have the Avengers, but somehow the two of them found each other anyway.
“Yeah?” Tony glances up at him with a crooked grin and a hint of pride. “Maybe it’s not one for the scrapheap, then. How’d it do?”
Steve sighs. Ignoring all the cameras that turn to flash in his direction the second he moves, he jumps down onto the Hulk’s shoulder and from there springs to the ground. Someone cheers, but Steve straightens up and rests his hands on his hips, and he frowns. At the on-lookers, and the Hulk and Clint, and at the men cowering at Clint’s feet.
Steve goes, and he gets in the elevator. Bruce is holding its door open, leaning against it while he waits, looking as quietly patient and amused as ever. He steps back to let Steve pass and shoots him a look that Steve can’t read.
“Your airborne surveillance,” Steve says, suddenly. “That’s the... the camera I took to Chacabuco, isn’t it?”
“It’s fine, really,” Steve says, but Tony shoots him a look and, rolling his eyes, Steve grips Tony’s hand as best he can, with a hiss and a wince.
