"I know, it's hard sitting here like this, not knowing anything," Henry said quietly. Sebastian took his hand and began caressing it, his head burrowing deeper into the crook of his neck.
"There was something though." Molly turned to Kitty. "This morning, Carl Powers' dad cornered me downtown and blamed me for his son's murder. He tried to attack me but I fought back."
The two perused the menu and each decided on the chicken noodle soup and BLT special. John placed the order for them, then walked over to the large window. He pulled open the curtains to see a beautiful winter scene. Snow was falling, and the trees were flocked with sparkling white flakes. There was a small pond nestled in with the forest, and he saw a deer standing by the water. The view would make for a perfect Christmas card.
Molly shivered. "Ugh! I didn't even know he felt that way. I certainly don't feel that way about him!"
Harry reached across the table and patted John's hand affectionately. "Don't be sorry John. Anyone would be rattled after what happened to you. But you're here and he isn't. You're safe."
‘‘I don’t know’’ John swallowed the water fast, a drop of it running down his chin. He wiped it angrily, ‘‘I’m taking more shifts at the hospital too’’
She stopped her ministrations – to Sherlock’s confusion – to take off her bra, which caused the shutdown of Sherlock’s vascular and cardiac systems.
The cab ride home was silent. It was only when they were hanging their coats at Baker Street that John cleared his throat.
‘‘You didn’t think I would just forgive her for that, did you?’’ John said, before taking a deep breath and rising from the bed and walking over to the table ‘‘Sherlock, when they bring up our food you are going to eat all of it, understand? Billy the skull looks more alive than you do’’ John laughed, trying to ease the tension, but his smile slipped away when he realized that there was something meaningful in Sherlock’s silence.
but John loved him. He had to say it. ‘‘I love you’’ he whispered against those sinful lips, incapable of not kissing them for longer than it took to get the words out.
‘‘Please’’ Sherlock sounded distraught, now. He came behind John to caress his hands, pleading with then. Pleading with him. He bent over and touched his cold nose to John’s neck, ‘‘Please come home with me’’
‘‘No’’ Sherlock rushed to say, interrupting him. He played with the hem of his shirt for a bit before whispering ‘‘Please, don’t leave me’’
Harry made a sound like she was holding back a cough. When John looked at her, she had her fist in her mouth, ‘‘Okay... why?’’
Understanding drew on Sherlock’s face, ‘‘Yes, sir’’, but he didn’t move to get up, turning his face as if expecting a kiss.
And John, who was looking for any reason to stay, thanked Mycroft in his mind, even as he scoffed at him as he walked out.
‘‘Christ’’ John cursed before placing both hands on Sherlock’s jawline, thumbs pressing against Sherlock’s chin to bring it up and towards him, towards his lips.
John laughed, glad that Sherlock’s mannerisms translated into the bed, as well. ‘‘You look like you want to taste it’’
Once in their room, Sherlock quietly claimed the bed by the window and watched as John stood still, a hand against his cheek as if pondering with a dilemma.
John bit his lip, looking at Sherlock’s clothes to see if anything jumped out. Nothing did, of course. The man looked impeccable. ‘‘You didn’t have lunch today’’
‘‘Yes’’ he answered, pretending to sound put upon. What was he doing, anyway? Trying not to have casual sex with the most attractive man he knew, like a fucking maniac? Did he even have a good enough reason not to?
But in all of that – including things that he hoped weren’t from the crime scenes that they investigated together and therefore had belonged to a dead person and should be with the family at best or in police custody at worst – John’s heart stopped when he saw the business cards.
Sherlock pushed his head back, ‘‘More, John’’ he licked around the head, ‘‘Want to get you all wet so you can fuck me’’
’’ He took Sherlock’s hand in his, bringing it to his lips ‘‘You have every right to take some time away for yourself. To rationalize the things that are said and done to you in your own way. I could never be upset for that’’
He looked himself in his room and neither ate or drank and, like a sad slave, stayed and thought of naught. He couldn’t bring himself to utter the words that he had to, that he wanted to, before the fall.
. His relief was short lived, though, because as soon as Moriarty’s steps died out the shooting started. Sherlock was still not in total control of his body, so he couldn’t look around to see what was happening. He used all his strength to fall to his side, taking the chair with him, in the hopes of escaping the line of fire. Pain irrupted from his shoulder just as he heard someone screaming his name.
Harry sighed, ‘‘For the millionth time, John. You are not him. Stop saying that. What else about Sherlock?’’
‘‘You are, love’’ John whispered, tugging on Sherlock’s hair again to push his head away, ‘‘You do. But I don’t want that right now’’
Given all the facts, Sherlock was trying harder than ever to make John happy. He finished the piece and carefully placed the bow and violin in their case, just as John murmured ‘‘that was lovely, Sherlock’’
of you’’ She said, then she turned to Harry, who didn’t seem very surprised ‘‘Has this been going on all this time?’’
‘‘Rest, love’’ John murmured, and his words brought a smile to Sherlock’s lips and blissful darkness to his mind.
He had slept on Sherlock’s chair, or leaning against his gravestone. He remembered being dragged out of a bar by Lestrade a couple of times, and by Harry once. He was fed by Mrs. Hudson and by Sarah. Even Molly had stopped by with some food and tears in her eyes. Eventually people weren’t as uncomfortable with his attitude as they used to be. At first John got better at hiding his pain, and then he just… got better. He was well enough to notice the new nurse at the surgery flirting with him. And then he was well enough to flirt back.
John’s heart squeezed in his chest, but it was a phantom pain. That was a long time ago. He drank and cleared his throat. ‘‘You are... possessive. Of me’’
Sherlock looked at John again, and suddenly the gravity of everything that happened on the course of all those years dawned on Sherlock. ‘‘John’’ he whispered as his vision blurred.
‘‘Honestly. That pole is just… standing there. Waiting to be danced on’’ John said against his ear, and Sherlock wrapped his arms around John’s neck, laughing.
Sherlock felt his eyes watering, desperation burned in his chest and throat ‘‘Where’’ he sobbed, biting his lip until he tasted the blood, hoping that the pain would ground him.
The detective opened his eyes, and the fear and confusion in them were slowly replaced by relief and softness. ‘‘Hi’’ he said, his voice small.
‘‘You didn’t guess. You knew. She asked me to decode the numbers on her phone, which I did, but before I could say it you took the phone from my hand, insulted her and called Mycroft’’ Sherlock had gotten up from his chair, and was standing right in front of John, looking down at him, which he knew John hated. ‘‘You knew she was in cahoots with Moriarty. You knew she was playing me’’ He bent down a little further, and John felt his exhale on the tip of his nose, ‘‘You. Didn’t. Guess’’
Sherlock looked down, and if John weren’t losing his mind, he would say that the detective looked upset, ‘‘Is that what you prefer, then, in your choice of partners?’’
‘‘Right’’ Sherlock nodded, blinking a bit, lost in thought. ‘‘Right!’’. And he got up and ran to his room.
Eventually Mr. Fletcher left to do other things (probably plan his next murder) and John took that opportunity to kiss Sherlock lazily.
Sherlock nodded just as a tear escaped him, and John wasted no time getting bellow those covers, lying on top of Sherlock and folding around his body, pressing his lips to that bare throat, moving them up to Sherlock’s ear just to lick at it.
He took advantage of John’s hold on him to wrap his legs around John’s waist, wordlessly asking to be taken.
At the mention of his name Sherlock was stung into motion, crippling fear, denial and courage fighting for dominance in his mind. Sherlock tried to focus on hope, repeating
‘‘It only works if you induce a reality that the subject would accept’’ Mycroft walked towards them, closing the door behind him and thus separating them from his soldiers. ‘‘I couldn’t prevent him from doing his applications on you, so I… assisted him. And I made sure that your health was cared for’’
‘‘John?’’ Sherlock’s voice was small, as if woken out of a reverie. John just pressed both palms against his face, running his thumbs on those ridiculous cheekbones, smashing their lips together over and over again.
‘‘Fuck’’ John moaned, unable to look away, melting through the mattress until Sherlock raised his hips to move further up John’s body. ‘‘Baby, no. I have to-’’
When they finally arrived there, everyone already seemed to be drunk and out of their minds, which didn’t go along with Sherlock’s plan at all – he wanted people to
John blinked a few times, shaking his head. He felt uncomfortable in his own skin, something cold and heavy on his stomach. ‘‘My sister is gay, Sherlock. Several friends from the army were gay. In fact, being gay in the army is more common than people think. I’ve never had any problem-’’
‘‘I’m sure we have leftovers’’ Sherlock said, calmly. John turned to look at him with raised eyebrows.
Sherlock nodded, looking at the door with a frown ‘‘I don’t think I can get out of here’’ he whispered, only looking back at his brother when Mycroft took his hand.
John licked at it broadly, purposefully, mindfully. He pressed Sherlock’s legs to his chest and pushed his tongue inside of him, because the though alone was making him shiver in pleasure.
‘‘You’re like an angel’’ John babbled, and Sherlock looked down at him, ‘‘A filthy, perfect, little sex angel’’
‘‘But-’’ John inhaled deeply, trying to control his trembling chin, ‘‘But I killed my baby’’ John sobbed.
John took a deep breath, pondering his options. He could insist on it, remind Sherlock of how distraught he was when he thought she was dead, how he composed only sad music and didn’t eat. How he found nothing worthy of his time or attention. Sherlock would be upset that he is persisting this, and would surely give up this ludicrous idea of playing with (
‘‘That’s not good enough. You haven’t eaten, you’ve barely slept…’’ John said as his head met the pillow, his eyes closed and his hand gripping on Sherlock’s arm.
He didn’t live there anymore, of course. He lived in the house where he should have raised a little girl. He dusted his little girl’s room twice a week.
Time seemed to stand still as they held each other, as if the universe was trying to compensate for all the years that they spent apart. Sherlock committed to memory every sound, every texture and every feeling because she knew that she would want to remember that night and all its details when she became old and grey.
It wasn’t that John was avoiding Sherlock. Not at all, in fact. Deciding to sleep at the hospital was strategic, you see. Too many shifts and not enough time to be on the bus.
John sighed, uncomfortably aware of how much this situation was affecting him, ‘‘I can’t subjugate you’’
John’s voice echoed loudly in Sherlock’s mind, making him unable to think rationally in his mind palace and, at the same time, a prisoner within its walls. He tried, nonetheless, to piece together all that had transpired in the last months. There had been cases, such as the one with the six Thatcher busts, in which Mary’s past came back to hunt her. People had died because of one word, a code word, and Sherlock’s arrogance caused the death of someone else. There had been a christening, several times when he helped baby sit… John’s soft and beautiful face as he played with Rosie.
John’s face softened, but that was soon replaced by a bemused frown ‘‘But… what about Redbeard? Wouldn’t Mycroft know about this and use it against you?’’
Harry sighed, ‘‘Of course you don’t. This isn’t why you’ve come to me in desperation. Or why you’ve been avoiding your fiancée’’
‘‘I’ll bring you a cameo pendent from Bulgaria, Doctor’’ Mycroft smiled stiffly and left, turning his back to a bewildered and hopeful John, who pulled out his wallet and the business card inside of it.
John was grateful that she knew what she was talking about, because John himself had no clue. Sometimes he loved his sister more than life itself, ‘‘I love you’’
Sherlock took a deep breath and opened his eyes. John’s face was so close, so beautifully painted with happiness and affection that Sherlock just had to raise his lips again for John to kiss. But John must have seen something troubling behind Sherlock’s façade, because he backed away to sit on the bed.
John set his jaw. He realized, maniacally, that there were four different shades of blue on Sherlock’s iris, and he was just as beautiful up close. And it’s really inconvenient to find the person that you’re supposed to be mad at so beautiful. ‘‘Fine’’ he said, ‘‘I didn’t guess. I knew. And since you don’t want me to tell you how I knew or what the password is, I honestly don’t know what you want from me. Or what you can possibly gain from being such an arse’’
He'd called his mom, who at first agreed to get him, but Hal was at their home visiting Wanda, and he said he would get him. He would bring Wanda's gun too. John felt safer knowing that fact. If they were to run into Wilkes, at least they would have some means of self-defense, but he prayed that wouldn't be the case.
Sherlock looked like he was about to collapse and Veronica gently took him to the couch. "You'll rest here. I'll get a blanket and pillow from the linen closet."
"We'll call a tow tomorrow morning. Let's just get home. Your mom is sitting on the couch clutching a pair of fabric scissors, terrified out of her mind." Hal shook his head. "I still can't believe Richard Wilkes is the one who did all of those horrible things."
Lucy pursed her lips before responding. "He's also gone after adults that interact with them. Harold, Mrs. Hudson and Angelo...clearly he's furious. He's said he's killing hypocrites. It makes no sense."
Dave paused again, steeling himself for his next words. Although he had known the identity of the suspected killer for some time, he knew it was going to send a major shockwave through the town.
"Well Papa, do you like our Weeping Snow Angels? It was Daddy's idea. He didn't want to get all snowy so instead we comp'mized," Rosie explained.
Sherlock was leaning against the side of the bookstore wall. He'd watched everyone leave the store, and was waiting for his siblings. No doubt they were talking John's ear off, rambling on about how much they loved his books...and probably telling John about how much he loved his books, and that he thought John was attractive...
“I’ll get it for you. Damn, I can’t wait to hear the details about this one. Be right back,” Molly chuckled to herself as she left the room.
“I’m telling you, we should split guys. She’s crazy,” Little Seb warned. “Don’t let her looks fool you.”
"Yeah. He's in for a few hours but he'll be home early this evening. And then we are taking you out to dinner at Pink's, our treat."
Sherlock's words sunk into John as he thought about Sherlock's theory. Carl did get away with being a bully because many people didn't want to cross him for fear of being assaulted. Phillip and Sally's interracial relationship wasn't such a scandal anymore. So the killer was mad that more people weren't outraged at them, but he---or she--- had been hurt because something they're doing, or someone they care about had been hurt.
"Not by a long shot." Rosie got up. "I'm going to get started on dinner. You still have some of that tomato sauce we canned this winter?"
"For telling my parents to tell John's mom about your brother. I know it must have been hard for you, he is your flesh and blood."
One of the employees unhooked the latch and one by one everyone started going inside the shop. Sherlock was actually a bit nervous, but pushed it to the back of his mind as he followed Sherrinford and Eurus.
"It could be a prolonged poisoning over a period of time. Was she and her dad a frequent drinker of strawberry milk?"
Mycroft stood up, smoothing down his suit. "Come on Gregory dear, let's get out of this dreadful pit and go to dinner. Sherlock can sulk here like a toddler."
The DJ took a few seconds to compose himself. "We're going to play the call after the next song. I hope somebody listening recognizes that voice. We can't have someone else dying, we just can't."
Evie stared at Bryan, her blue eyes wide. Bryan smiled at her. "Hi Evie," he greeted her. Then the toddler smiled back. "Hi," she said shyly, and returned to eating her peas.
Friday morning, it was overcast, but dry. Wanda frowned after listening to the weather forecast on the radio calling for heavy rain later tonight, but at least she'd be home and not out in the mess. And John still wasn't feeling that great, but he could be left alone at home while she was at work. She called the school to let them know John still had the virus and he would be back Monday. She learned the head secretary was now out sick with it, as well as the vice-principal.
John wiped sweat off his forehead and his breathing became less labored. He let out a big yawn. He knew he didn't get much sleep after his night hunt. He preferred to stay up just before sunrise. He would get more sleep when he returned to his flat.
"Because trainers would have been ridiculous. But after an hour of wearing these bloody heels, I'd prefer ridiculous and comfortable to stylish and sexy that pinches your toes. I'm about ready to chuck them and go barefoot."
"It is important that residents go on with their daily lives but to remain cautious at all times, especially at night. Although the curfew exempts certain employees, businesses whose employees work night shifts should try to provide extra security and/or adjust work schedules for safety," Mayor Harkness said during an interview Sunday morning at City Hall.
He quietly ate, not wanting to wake his mom. Once he was done and the remnants of his snack put away, he walked to the front door, softly opened it, and stepped out onto the porch.
The ducks still quacked and the crickets still chirped along with a new sound. The sound of flesh being hacked up by the sharp and shiny blade of an axe.
“Mr. Watson, Greg Lestrade-Holmes, Sherlock’s brother-in-law. It’s a pleasure to meet you,” he broke in, holding out his hand.
Sherlock broke out into a huge grin. He was here. His John, his perfect boy, his ray of light. "John," he happily replied.
John turned on his radio, which was was playing A Day in the Life by the Beatles. He smiled and laid down on the blanket, putting on his sunglasses. The Sgt. Pepper album was one of his favorites. He closed his eyes and laid his head down on the blanket, letting the warm breeze and peaceful sounds of the ocean pull him into a state of peaceful contentment.
John looked up at Sherlock, still with that threatening smile on his face. "I'm waiting for an explanation. I've only met you twice now, and I already know how much you like to talk. So, talk."
To the surprise of everyone, John began laughing and jumped off the stage, heading towards Sherlock. He put an arm around the temperamental dancer. "Hey it's okay. They just want to make sure this all goes smoothly. I've watched you dance and you're amazing. Brilliant."
Suddenly he realized the faint breathing was closer and he was paralyzed with fear. He felt a hand caress his cheek, and he gasped, nearly jumping out of bed. Then he heard an all-familiar chuckle, and dread filled his body. He slowly reached up to turn on the lamp which sat on his bedside table. Sure enough, a Sherlock Holmes stood next to him, wearing nothing but black jeans and a wolf-like grin on his face.
Sherlock jumped up out of his seat like his body was on fire. "Does it really matter Grady?" Before Greg could reply, Sherlock looked at John. "You've got the part. Be back here tomorrow at 9:00 am sharp to begin rehearsal."
It must have been fate, or the stars aligning at the right time, because none other than John appeared outside the building, wiping his forehead. Sherlock saw him and his heart about burst out of his chest. It was now or never. He jumped out of the car and sprinted towards John.
"He didn't use the dildo - I told him he could pose with it, but nothing graphic. I could get shut down and be charged with pornography. The shoot went rather well, and he's really photogenic. After he paid me, I told him his significant other would be very pleased with the results. He narrowed his eyes, shot me a look as if I were the biggest idiot on earth, and replied, and I kid you not, 'I don't have a significant other, I don't do relationships. I'm sending them to my fat, meddling arse of a brother, and hopefully these pictures will get him out of my life once and for all."
"Yes, I know, it's horrible, horrible news. Combined with the torching of the church and these killings---well, our lovely little beach town has had a lot to deal with. But we are strong, and we're going to get through this. I have faith that this madman will be caught and we can recover from this nightmare. And we're going to show this madman that his heinous acts will not get the better of the students and staff at Culverton Smith High."
She also tried to call Sherlock, but no one at the Holmes house had answered. She figured they were all asleep, and would try again later.
John looked up, a little surprised. "Why yes, I do. I know working in retail, at especially this time of year can be draining, but I like it. I'm making money and it keeps me out of trouble on the weekends."
John watched Sherlock contemplate his compromise. He smiled again. "That sounds reasonable." He leaned in and captured John's lips with his, pulling him to his chest.
John had called Mycroft, who was on a holiday of his own with Greg in France, to tell him of the impending storm and that he and Sherlock weren't allowed to leave, and they battened down the hatches. Mycroft thanked them and told them to be safe.
John pulled her close and pressed a kiss to her cheek. “I don’t want you to be like that. You’re perfect the way you are, and one day a guy will realize that.” He genuinely loved Molly as a friend. They actually did try dating when they first met a year ago, but realized they would better off as best friends. Which was a good thing, as the two worked as carhops at The Big H, a popular hangout for Sherrinford’s teens on weekend nights.
"Most of it's pretty catchy. I'm more of a Beatles and Motown fan myself, but there's a lot of soul in some of these songs. The production values are impeccable," John replied.
"He is? Well, it's a perfect day for it," Sherlock said, tickling the little girl who burst into giggles.
"Right herrre scrub!" John appeared from the other side, wearing red and black striped cutoffs, red slip ons, a long sleeved black T-shirt with neatly cut tears in it, and on his head was a black bandanna with white skulls. He also wore an eyepatch, and a gold clip on hoop earring was in his left lobe.
John looked at her directly in the face. "No one. I'm perfectly fine not dating anyone, and after what happened this weekend, I'd rather stay single for a long, long time."
The evening went by quickly, and soon they were retiring to their bedroom, which was composed of two beds separated by a small nightstand.
‘‘Where is the body?’’ John asked Lestrade, and Sherlock bit his lip and continued walking around the victim’s bedroom as the DI explained that it was, in fact, just a robbery and so the presence of a doctor was hardly needed.
‘‘Jesus’’ John whispered, shaking his head ‘‘Why go through all that trouble? What could they possibly gain from that?’’
‘‘You think that’s the kind of thing I would find exciting?’’ Sherlock asked, turning John around to comb and slick his hair back. John let him, amused.
‘‘The game is called ‘deductions’, not ‘questions’. You liked him, but he didn’t return your feelings’’
Sherlock shrugged, brushing his paper off too, ‘‘I don’t live with a nagging doctor anymore’’, he licked his lips, looking at John through his eyelashes.
John rolled his eyes, feeling the usual discomfort of when the weeding was mentioned, and felt himself slurring at the words, ‘‘That’s the one’’
Sherlock felt his heart skip a beat. All of the air left his lung as John got up and walked to stand in front of him, looking down at his lips.
‘‘I feel like I’ve been cheating on you. How ridiculous is that?’’ John let out a broken laugh and got up. On his way out his arm brushed against the nightstand and Sherlock’s (
‘‘I don’t see why that’s funny’’ John frowned, looking genuinely hurt ‘‘That way everyone wins’’ and Sherlock just laughed harder.
The smell coming from the dumpster made him retch some more. He had half a heart to jump inside and be done with it.
John almost hid his face in the croak of Sherlock’s neck again. He took a deep breath for courage before continuing ‘‘I’m done with things being… unspoken’’
There was a beat, and then Sherlock brushed his lips against John’s forehead before disentangling himself, He helped John up.
John must have known, though, because he came closer still. He placed his index finger on Sherlock’s belly button, such a strangely intimate act, and yet it brought a whimper out of the detective. Their breaths intertwined, the heat and sent of John’s body making Sherlock drunk with desire… with want. He
‘‘Isn’t it obvious?’’ Mycroft smiled, humorless ‘‘I’ve been under his thumb for over six years, doing his beading, obeying his every whim. In all that time, he’s been obsessed with you, with your mind… he wants to… corrupt you’’ Mycroft frowned, and Sherlock could see his brother’s eyes watering. He whispered, ‘‘I’m sorry I didn’t protect you better’’
‘‘We were talking about...’’ John inhaled, the held his breath, ‘‘I think I was- I think he is gay’’
Jealousy, at the moment, was bigger than the embracement of having your drunk boyfriend straddle you in a room full of people ‘‘Who told you that?’’
‘‘Sherlock Holmes, you listen to me: (1) I honestly think that I get dates because of a made up obligation, so I was not broken hearted that you drove them away. In fact, I was relived. And (2) I didn’t stay because of the cases’’ He paused to caress the shells of Sherlock’s ears and smiled as he finished ‘‘I stayed because of you’’
‘‘John. This is too much of a ridiculously complicated plan for my brother to engage in. Besides, he
‘‘No’’ Harry said, and her tone was final, decisive, ‘‘It just means you love someone and don’t love somebody else’’
kiss you here?’ Sherlock would have asked if she still possessed the ability to speak. Instead she raised John’s chin softy and bent her head, making sure to worship every inch of John’s torso while she was at it. John, in turn, caressed Sherlock’s hair humming her approval.
‘‘But you see, Mrs. Turner and I are going to Rome together this Christmas’’ Mrs. Hudson said with a slight blush and a smile. John’s toes brushed against Sherlock’s, and the detective thought it was an accident, until John started to slowly and rhythmically do it again and again. Sherlock’s breath caught in his throat and he only half heard the rest of the conversation.
The tone around 221 B was eerie, somehow mystical. The kind of atmosphere apt for life-changing choices to be made.
‘‘What if someone comes in and tries to take you away? You are not yourself yet’’ John protested even as he let Sherlock remove his shoes and trousers.
Sherlock had three seconds to process the gun going off and Mycroft’s body falling to the ground before the sound of another shot echoed through the lab.
John pressed against his joints, trying to notice any unusual swelling. ‘‘My money is on poison’’ He murmured, half paying attention to Sherlock, who just nodded.
The detective had hidden his face with his hands, and John was just about to apologize when Sherlock rushed over to him, engulfing John in a hug. ‘‘John, you didn’t need to… to push away the woman you love for-’’
. He?’’ Sherlock growled. He felt John moving his gun to his left hand to hold Sherlock’s, the warmth of him keeping him grounded.
Sherlock sat down on the sofa when John reached the first of the seventeen steps. She began crying when she reached the fifth.
‘‘We need to take him to the hospital, Dr. Watson’’ a young male nurse said, shifting from foot to foot, awkwardly.
‘‘I had to ask Mrs. Hudson’’ He grumbled and John laughed, throwing his head back. Sherlock finally smiled, somewhat relived. Maybe John wasn’t going to leave after all. ‘‘And I was only trying to make you see that living here isn’t a
Despite the captain’s command, they wore different clothes that night, but they did try to look and smell even better than they normally do. However, Eric and Nathan seemed to be, to John’s horror, perfect. Eric was black, green-eyed and tall whereas Nathan was blond and short, both undeniably handsome. They were wearing formal clothes and matching ties, looking like
Sherlock looked taken a bit aback by his bluntness. Insecurity flourished on his face again. He cleared his throat, ‘‘You-’’
He moved to take a sip from his tea, but Sherlock gently stilled his hand. ‘‘It’s hot, John’’ He moved closer, ‘‘Here’’ and blew on the rim, between their fingers.
‘‘Is it okay if we kiss each other here? Nothing more has to happen’’ He asked, supporting himself with his elbow to gaze down at Sherlock.
instructor?!’’ John repeated, feeling his brain faculties slowly cease to work because Sherlock was, in fact, a very good dancer.
, it’s not like I killed him’’ Robert said, a slight smirk on his lips, raising both his hands in a mocked surrender ‘‘We were talking and then he took off. Didn’t say where he was going and didn’t even say goodbye. A bit rude of him, if you ask me’’
‘‘Sherlock didn’t tell me exactly what father said, but you can imagine’’ to which Harry nodded. There was a beat of silence before John continued ‘‘I still haven’t talked about this with Sherlock, but I think we should go back to London. Spend Christmas there’’. The
‘‘Not 2 hours and 30 minutes late’’ John protested weakly, biting his lip when Sherlock went to his knees. Sherlock’s next argument, however, was way too compelling for John to dispute.
Sherlock only looked up from his microscope when John set the bag on the floor. He frowned, ‘‘John, what-’’
Sherlock bit his lip and resumed his course to the bathroom, where he stayed until he heard John returning. Making sure he was presentable, he came back to the living room with what he hoped was a welcoming smile, but he must have missed it by a mile by the way John frowned.
Before he knew it, he reached out for John, cupping his face with his hands, leaning in, forehead pressed to his, his lips meeting his. It was a quick kiss, but full of love.
Molly was upstairs in her room, her face red and eyes puffy from crying. When she heard about Carl Powers' murder earlier that morning, she'd blamed herself.
She turned to John for a reaction. His face had no expression, but his mouth was set in a firm, straight line.
"We won't with Little Seb in the group. He's our super soldier and he'll get us out," Carl confidently replied. Little Seb just grinned.
His perfect, sexy soldier had someone else interested in him, and a very handsome and successful one at that. He'd have to step up his game, in between trying to crack the serial murders for the Yard. The two victims resembled John, and he wanted him to be safe. So his stalking wasn't entirely for sexual purposes. He didn't want John to end up a victim.
"Yes John, bravo. She was having a secret affair with the museum owner and thought he would promote her to manager. Instead, he ended the relationship and gave the job to his nephew. She became enraged and manipulated an ex-boyfriend, a failed painter, into making fakes. They would steal the paintings after closing time and and replace them with the phonies."
“Not until today,” Sherlock answered. “John Watson came to see me today along with a friend of his. The friend suspects Moriarty is our serial killer and asked me to look into it.”
John’s mother sighed loudly. “This isn’t a game John. You need to take harassment like that seriously. It was just last year that horrid Sebastian Wilkes had you pinned against a wall.” She glared at him sharply. “You need to tell me when other boys are bothering you. I don’t want you getting hurt.”
"Not too much though, I need to be in tip-top shape for football when school starts again," John reminded him.
"Okay then smart-ass, then explain your 'simple deduction'," John replied playfully, using air quotes.
Veronica smiled sadly. "Eventually it's going to come out. If John does have to know, it should come from you rather than one of the town gossips."
John was surprised when Sherlock suggested they go on holiday. The detective only traveled out of London for cases, and as soon as he solved one, he didn't want to hang around and play tourist. John, on the other hand, liked checking out what the cities and towns had to offer, as a way to de-stress after the case was over, but never had time as Sherlock was dragging him off the to the train station to return back home.
"I'm not, we stopped and had breakfast at Denny's. How about you babe?" Greg asked Molly, who shook her head no.
Sherlock was out of town on a case for Mycroft, and John wasn't able to accompany his husband because he had equally important plans. He was chaperoning Rosie's sleepover with her friend Maisie. Rosie, now eight, had planned with her friend an outdoor overnight complete with a tent, sleeping bags, making smores, playing games, and telling stories. They would be up on the roof of 221 B. John would check in from time to time using walkie-talkies Greg had gotten Rosie for her birthday. It was going to be a fun evening.
With a furious cry, John kneed Sherlock hard in the groin. He yelled and John flung him roughly off the bed where he landed on the other side, hitting the floor with a thud. John jumped out of bed and raced for the front door. As he pulled it open, he was grabbed from behind and pulled to the living room floor.
John chuckled. "Of course love. We wouldn't miss Mrs. Hudson's mince pies and plum pudding for the world."
Wanda Watson and Sidney and Victoria Holmes scramble to Los Angeles to thwart Sherlock from finding John but it's already too late. Mycroft has a minor breakthrough with Molly and Eurus continues to be creepy.
Mrs. Hudson beamed at the adorable blond. Weeks after Mary passed and John moved back into 221 B with Rosie, he'd come to his landlady and asked if she could be an honorary grandmother. Mrs. Hudson was thrilled but didn't want to be called grandma, grandmother, or granny, she insisted on Nana. "I'm still too young to have 'gran' anywhere near me," she'd told him.
A nurse entered the room. "Hello," she greeted warmly as she approached Harold. "I'm checking to see how he is, my shift is ending. Abigail will be his nurse until dinnertime."
John was bustling with amusement as he entered the office of the photo studio. Irene and Molly had booked him an appointment with a high-class photographer to take some publicity shots for the Leather and Lace website. Several weeks after he'd agreed to join their business, the two had started to spread the word to their clients they hired a male dominator who used to be an Army captain, and if they or anyone they knew was interested in sessions, he'd soon be available to start booking online.
"Sweetie, Sherlock and I are going to let you get some rest and bond with the baby. We'll be back later this afternoon," John told her.
With a wave and a grin, John was out the door, headed into the rainy fall evening. Sherlock left his position on the couch to watch him through the living room window, sighing as he saw his mate in his red jacket jog towards the tube station that would take him to campus. He knew he had nothing to worry about, but he wanted John home with him. Flopping back onto the couch again, he sighed a second time, more dramatically, and began his ninety-minute strop.
John shivered slightly and turned to face his husband. "You sure? You know how bad I am at slow dancing..."
The darkness of the night and the deluge of thick, fat raindrops hampered his visibility, and he didn't see the car coming down the road as he scrambled to reach his neighbor.
Irene laughed. "I wouldn't count on it John. Sherlock's a very determined man. When he wants something, he usually gets it."
Sherlock had cornered John just before lunch and apologized profusely for his behavior. John had cooled off by then, and he accepted it, with a command to save the groping for after school. Sherlock had been relieved to hear that John hadn't changed his mind about that, he thought he'd literally die if he wasn't able to touch the boy he loved.
She led him past the main dining area, which was dimly lit, and the small round tables had softly glowing white candles in the center, cased in frosted glass votive holders. Jazz music faintly played in the background; James recognized the tune; "Take Five" by the Dave Brubeck Quartet.
"Daddy, this is a really good place, trust me. It's where Molly found her new beau. The same will happen for you. Who wouldn't want you? You're handsome, you dress elegantly, you have genius level intelligence...you're the total package," Sophie told her father.
John stretched and ran his fingers through his blond hair, smoothing it down. He got out of bed and made his way into the living room. His mom Wanda was already in the kitchen, fixing scrambled eggs. The radio was turned on, a weather report being announced. It was going to be a rainy, stormy day according to the DJ.
Molly's eyes widened, and Sally let out a small gasp. "Damn, these are smoking hot!" she half-whispered.
He got out of the car and rushed towards the house, Hal following closely behind. He knocked on the door. A few seconds later, he heard his mom's voice. "Who is it?"
John returned with a bottle of chilled sparkling apple cider and two flute glasses. Harry had sent John some bottles of it along with a basket of smoked sausages, cheeses, and chocolates as her Christmas present. She'd been sober for three years and John couldn't have been more prouder of his older sister.
Irene chuckled. "It's your haircut. It screams military. Plus the way you ordered Powers to stop. You're used to unruly subordinates."
Sherlock was intrigued, but obeyed his blogger. He took off his Belstaff and his scarf and hung it up on the coat rack. He stepped out of his shoes, and finally feeling more comfortable, headed to the coffee table and took the food out of the bag.
Raquel threw her arms around John. "Thank you, you're a sweetheart. I'll see you later. Bye Irene!" She sauntered off towards the dance floor.
John pulled back and grinned at him. "I don't think I'll be needing a second bedroom, if that's okay with you."
"You may have a chance with him Sherlock. He's bi and likes them tall, dark, and handsome. But can it wait until after this Discopath is put out of commission? The crowds are still decent, but not as full as I'd like, and people are really scared."
"Thank you Valerie for bringing him home. I'll make sure he gets plenty of rest and fluids," Sherlock promised.
John had labeled the entire mess "mistletoe meltdown," as the whole thing started after he and Sherlock entered the flat after a long day of Christmas shopping. Mrs. Hudson had been looking after Rosie. Mrs. Hudson had also hung mistletoe in the doorway. John had innocently kissed his fiance not knowing he had cold germs inside him and would be sick in less than 48 hours.
‘‘I am majorly pissed at you’’ John whispered, his lips against Sherlock’s back ‘‘Very’’ he continued ‘‘A lot… But that’s nothing that a quick explanation wouldn’t solve’’
‘‘A large quantity of this was bought by a Culverton Smith’’ Sherlock murmured, checking all his recent purchases.
Sherlock stopped immediately, getting out of John’s grip so he could resume his position, spreading himself for John’s perusal. ‘‘Inside me, John’’
Harry eyed Sherlock for a while, then she raised her eyebrow at John and said ‘‘Yes, for seven years… give or take’’
‘‘God’’ Sherlock moaned. And the rest of his words were just garbled syllables. He started to rock back against John’s face, fucking himself on John’s tongue. He arched his back, resting his weight on his face so he could bring both hands back to spread his cheeks apart.
‘‘And tomorrow we burn this kitchen down and build a new one from scratch’’ Sherlock mumbled. His throat hurt from a difficult night of breathing the strong smell of sulfur, so much so that he considered crashing on Mrs. Hudson coach. John laughed, which was followed by a cough.
This got Harry to stop laughing and calm down, her face turning somber. ‘‘That doesn’t surprise me, actually. She has a way of making fun of you and tearing you down’’
‘‘Robert made sure that shit was ingrained deep within our psyches’’ Harry murmured; her hands were running soothingly on John’s back.
The next morning found John Watson sweating under the furnace that was Sherlock Holmes and with a bladder desperately full. There was no way to push his boyfriend away without ether waking him, or offending him, and John pondered over this dilemma for fifteen full minutes before he realized that Sherlock was softly chuckling on top of him.
‘‘We met at work’’ John murmured to the room. An internal monologue questioning the necessity of all of this happed after that, and John’s resigned side won. He sighed before adding ‘‘She is a nurse. Her name is Mary… she’s funny, I suppose. And… clever. It makes sense moving in with her’’
‘‘The original idea was that Mary Watson – or Agra, as you call her – would be placed in your lives for the soul purpose of manipulating both of you into an inevitable estrangement. But you, Dr. Watson, frustrated their plans’’ Mycroft smiled sardonically ‘‘He couldn’t just kill you, John, because that would turn you into a martyr in Sherlock’s eyes and go against his goal. No, he had to turn you into a monster’’
‘‘Hello, love’’ He said, finally opening his eyes and leaning forward to press his lips against Sherlock’s. He took Sherlock’s left hand, the one that had been caressing his face, and looked at his ring finger quite intently before bringing it to his mouth and kissing it. ‘‘What do you want to do today? Go out for a walk? Stay in bed…’’
When their tongues touched Sherlock honestly thought that he would die from heart exhaustion or would, at best, pass out. And he really must have, because the next thing he knew John was carrying him to his bed. John laid down next to him, placing his hand over Sherlock’s heart. He smiled once he noticed its quick pace, and lifted Sherlock’s hand to his own chest.
Sherlock pushed against John’s chest, rising to ride him. His chest was a bright pink, his hair on disarray falling on his eyes. He looked like a rent boy, biting his lip in pleasure.
John moaned - he honest to God moaned – at how gentle Sherlock sounded. How truthful. How vulnerable. He moved his hand across Sherlock’s face, into his hair, and started scrubbing, petting, massaging the scalp. Sherlock’s eyes fluttered closed, a blissful expression on his face, and he bent his head down.
Sherlock looked around Mrs. Hudson kitchen, excessively decorated with fairy lights, ornaments and miniature Santas, and started laughing quite loudly. Their landlady slapped John’s arm in amusement and their conversation quickly turned into something else.
They once intertwined their pinkies on the cab home, when they were high after the conclusion of a case and their cheeks hurt from so much laughter. The day that their most treasured internal joke was born: The Decently Sized Joke.
Sherlock looked down, as if in thought. Then he drank a little sip, ‘‘He was in love with you. You were the one who didn’t want him’’
John wished he had enough brain capacity at the moment to know what the rational, adult thing to do is.
Sherlock grinned, his smiled taking over his whole face, and he bent down again to lie against John. After a beat, he said "What did you ask the universe, John?"
‘‘The famous Mr. Holmes’’ He said, running his hand down Sherlock’s arm, a flirtatious smile on his face. Sherlock felt bile going up his throat, remembering the last time that a psychopath had been interested in him, and took a step back.
‘‘You… you-’’ Sherlock frowned, unable to keep himself from looking at John up and down ‘‘You are wearing your uniform’’
The smoke got caught in John’s throat, because of course if did. John coughed and soon he was overcome in hysterics.
They drove to Baskerville in silence, and Sherlock trusted John’s plan implicitly even without knowing what it entailed. It turned out, however, that Sherlock wouldn’t need to do anything, which was very fortunate given the circumstances.
Said detective was lying on his bed, bellow his covers. Only his face was visible and it was the most frightened John had ever seen it. John just took a moment to look at him.
‘‘John… isn’t working at the clinic anymore, and I can tell that he is… bored’’ Sherlock carefully stated.
‘‘I’m- I’m in my room’’ Sherlock’s voice was quiet, like he didn’t want to be found. Or he was afraid to be. John didn’t care either way, he had a mission. He took his time to fold each letter carefully, reverently, keeping them away from anything wet or dangerous on the table before marching to Sherlock’s room.
‘‘You’re going to kill me’’ John said, and he was surprisingly resigned to that. Sherlock let out a breathy laugh that was a miracle on itself, stopping his movements to remove his pants.
John looked up at him, smiling, and nibbled at his ear ‘‘Sherlock Holmes’’ he whispered, placing both hands on his face to look straight into his eyes ‘‘I have loved you for the past seven years wholeheartedly, irrevocably, selflessly. It’s the most beautiful I’ve ever felt, and for the most beautiful person I’ve ever met. If you’d do me this honor, I would be the happiest man aliv-’’
She took a moment there to run her fingers through Sherlock’s curls, a gentle smile playing on her lips.
‘‘I’m no expert in human interaction, but I don’t think that that would be well received’’ Sherlock ran his fingers through John’s hair, marveling at its softness, until he noticed that John had fallen asleep. ‘‘Whatever was given to me…’’ Sherlock whispered, liking his lips before continuing ‘‘I think you’re the antidote’’
Sherlock gasped, his breathing and heartbeat erratic, and it was only the light pressure of fingernails massaging his scalp that kept him from locking himself in his mind palace.
Sherlock looked breathtakingly beautiful - confused, eager, caring and excited.  He looked like absolute capitulation. His mask of indifference completely abandoned. How people could believe that this man was a sociopath, John didn’t know.
‘‘That-’’ Sherlock shook his head, taking a few steps back, ‘‘That was horrible, John. That was the most horrible thing I’ve ever heard in my life’’
‘‘It’s nice to meet both of you’’ Sherlock said, smiling and shaking their hands ‘‘I’m Sherlock and this is my boyfriend, Doctor John Watson’’. It was John’s turn to shake their hands, a fake smile plastered in his face. They sat down around the table, Mrs. Hudson and Mrs. Turner smiling at each other, while the two couples made small talk.
John nodded, and both of them were smiling ridiculously wide. He felt so relieved that he could fall asleep right then and there, ‘‘I’m falling asleep right here and now’’
John was infinitely relieved that he went to Harry, now. He could never be sure if Mary’s behaviour was all in his head, or if he was coming up with reasons not to do it. Harry put on a pair of fluffy boots and a dressing gown, taking her keys in her hand.
John Watson can easily map out in his head how his feelings for Sherlock Holmes progressed over the years they’ve known each other. First came admiration and attraction, which he felt on the course of the first 48 hours of their partnership. Sherlock was beautiful and mysterious, alluring in a way John was helpless to resist.
‘‘Of course, I know. A John person. My John’’ John wondered if Sherlock was even aware of what he was saying at this point.
Sherlock backed away slightly to nod, solemnly, as if they were discussing battlefield strategies. ‘‘Three’’
John groaned loudly, and his hips moved on their own accord. Sherlock hollowed his cheeks and relaxed his jaw, and that sight alone threatened to make John in, ‘‘I’m coming, baby’’
Sherlock was silent for a few seconds, unable to think clearly, before whispering, softly ‘‘Okay’’ and moving his head backwards for John’ lips, his eyes shut tight. His doctor thoroughly kissed all the tension in his features, unaware that every press of his lips felt like fire.
John carried him to his room like he weighted nothing, nibbling at his neck and whispering praises. ‘‘Beautiful’’, he said ‘‘my beautiful, perfect man’’. He placed Sherlock in his bed and started to remove his clothes, and Sherlock would have helped or even started to take off his own if he weren’t so transfixed by the scene before him.
Regent’s Park was empty safe from a few children playing together. John grabbed Sherlock’s sleeve and indicated a bench with his chin, mentioning them to sit there. Sherlock watched the sky slowly becoming orange and pink from the twilight before John asked for his attention by clearing his throat.
John waited a couple of minutes before he tried to get Sherlock’s attention. He pressed his hand against Sherlock’s hair, murmuring his name.
‘‘Please’’ Sherlock whispered, finally managing to look away from the fire and up to Moriarty ‘‘I’ll do whatever you want. Be whoever you want me to be. Just let him go’’
He held Sherlock by the hair with one hand and his prick with the other, just grazing it around Sherlock’s lips, which he opened and closed, trying to kiss it, to suck it inside.
Sherlock’s eyes softened with compassion. It was the most beautiful thing John had ever seen, ‘‘It’s been a month since your wife died, John. It’s okay to need more than a weekend to get better’’
John looked at the ceiling as his hands made patterns on Sherlock’s skin, his mind blissfully blank.
It was his turn, he realized. He thought of how Sherlock had been so kind and helpful since he came back. John felt a discomfort that he would never admit to. He tried to smile, ‘‘You like Mary’’
‘‘But there was… another thing… that made me hopeful’’ And John’s heart sped up when Sherlock raised his head again ‘‘I was in your room… because of your rock collection and then the dust made me open the windows and…’’ Sherlock frowned, trying to decipher John’s narrative.
‘‘John, John, John...’’ He was rocking again, undulating his hips against John’s face, and suddenly John couldn’t take it anymore. He reached one arm around to pump Sherlock’s cock fast, while his other jerked his own cock, putting it right against where Sherlock was open and glistening.
With a quarter of his cock up Sherlock’s arse, John followed, grunting and moaning and maybe even crying a little, he wasn’t sure.
’’ Harry’s voice was already distorted by the crappy telephone line that linked Afghanistan and England, but more so because she sounded like she had been crying.  This happened only a couple of months before John was shot, yet he remembered like it was yesterday.
John sighed, exasperated, but just looked out his window. Since Sherlock was sitting directly behind him, he touched his shoulder, trying to communicate some sort of support. John pulled Sherlock’s fingers to his lips, kissing the ring finger of his left hand, and successfully shutting down Sherlock’s cardiac system.
‘‘Too bloody long to want someone and not have them, if you ask me’’ John moved further down, easing his weigh from Sherlocks knees and into the bed. He dipped his tongue inside Sherlock’s belly button.
They stood in front of the fireplace facing each other in silence. ‘‘I’ll go first them’’ Sherlock said, a bit nervous. He took John’s hand and led him to their room, opening the closet when they got there to show him all the clothes he had bought him.
‘‘I’m really considering putting broken glass on the floor’’ John murmured. His eyes seemed unable to stay open.
‘‘You were not… as surprised as I thought you’d be’’ Sherlock said as he traced patterns on John’s tummy.
Sherlock’s bottom lip trembled and John pulled him in a hug as he cried. They went back to Baker Street hand in hand, with John occasionally kissing his knuckles. When they were in bed, and John was already asleep, Sherlock replayed that memory over and over again, trying to make his mind believe… trying to make himself believe that he was loved.
‘‘Tickles’’ He whispered, complaining, turning his head to stop him, but John just started to lick his face instead. ‘‘Ugh, you’re like a dog’’
in his mind like a mantra. He rose from the bed and squared his shoulders, trying to be brave, even as tears continued to fall from his eyes.
to feel like absolute garbage? He felt like they were Sherlock and John before the fall, before he met Mary and decided to settle down.
John inhaled, deeply, and looked at Sherlock’s worried expression before walking away from Ed Shewan’s (soon to be Taylor Mayden’s) house. He hoped he was going in the direction of Baker Street.
They decided to have breakfast with Mrs. Hudson, as they didn’t buy anything to eat and their landlady was making something that smelled
"What are you doing here? Do you know your parents are in town and looking for you. They want to take you back home!" John hissed.
In just seconds, it was total mayhem. Jim heard Big Seb scream and fall to the ground. Little Seb cried out “You goddamn psycho!” and took off running. He saw Eurus standing over the greaser, holding up a bloody switchblade and smiling that unnerving smile.
He knew when she called him John and not Johnny that it was serious. “Okay Mom, can I put a robe on first?” She nodded and he dashed into his room, taking the plaid robe that hung behind his door. He dropped the towel and fastened the robe and came out. “What’s the matter?” he asked his Mom.
"Cocaine helped quiet my mind, it me sharper and more focused. But it also led me to getting high in boltholes, and doing handjobs and blowjobs for it. After Greg and my brother found me near death in an alley, they told me I either go to rehab or my hopes of being a consulting detective were down the drain. I chose rehab."
"I know. But Mr. Powers was drunk, I guess he was drinking away his grief, and Carl told him about how I turned down his offer of a ride yesterday after school, and I called him a nosy punk. Apparently he was torn up about that."
"You look handsome John. "Harry, it's good to see you again!" Molly said, hugging his sister. "You look gorgeous."
“I was at a pub a a few months before his encounter with Sebastian. I was nursing a bad breakup with a girlfriend who I discovered was cheating on me with her uni professor. Anyway, I was by myself, sitting at the bar, and this good-looking blond guy came up to me, introduced himself as Zach Quinn and offered to buy me a drink. I could tell he was on the pull. Being straight, I politely turned him down, but he continued to insist he buy me a drink.”
"I couldn't keep anything down either. It really knocked me for a loop," Hal sympathetically replied.
Officer James Sholto walked into the Blue Moon Bar, located in downtown Beverly Hills. He'd never been to the city that famously catered to celebrities and other wealthy people. It was like being on another planet, and it made him a bit uncomfortable. He was a true blue, coming from a family of cops. His father Levi, joked he was born with a police badge in his mouth instead of a silver spoon.
After he got everything put away, he walked down the hallway, through the living room, and into the kitchen, where Harry stood at the counter making grilled cheese sandwiches. John breathed in the delicious smell and smiled at her. "One of my favorite meals," he softly said to her.
Sherlock looked at Molly sharply, who just shrugged. He rolled his eyes. John caught the exchange and smiled, trying hard not to laugh. "So, do you want to have lunch with me? If not, I'll just go back to my classroom."
John took a bite of his tuna fish sandwich as the two sat in the St. Bart's cafeteria. Today was he and Molly's last day of classes before winter break and the two were going Christmas shopping together later in the afternoon. He'd been surprised when Molly told him of her plans to do a Christmas themed photo shoot as a present for her alpha. Molly was not as flirtatious as other omegas she and John were friends with, and she and John were the only bonded omegas in their circle. But since Molly bonded with Victor, she began to wear a little more makeup, and paid more attention to her clothing choices. It wasn't a drastic change though. She wore less baggy sweaters and loose fitting pants. Victor's mother had coaxed the former shy girl out of her shell and from time to time would take her on lunch and shopping dates during her off days from school.
‘‘I’ll order some vegetarian soup from the room service. Who knows, maybe Gary will give us a discount’’ Sherlock said in a low tone, trying to soothe John into sleep, but the doctor just smiled.
John’s lips came very close to Sherlock’s, ‘‘You though that you could use the case as an excuse to have sex with me, and that I wouldn’t realise that you
John smiled at him, before he jerked himself upward, caressing Sherlock’s arse cheek, ‘‘Did I hurt you, baby?’’
The rest of the day went by in a blur after that. Sherlock tried to save away in his mind palace all that related to John’s past: the stories that Harry told to upset her brother, the way he behaved around her and all of the family photos that Sherlock insisted on seeing. John seemed relaxed and happy, and when Harry’s girlfriend (
John felt tired, all of the sudden. He had the presence of mind to know that it wasn’t because of the alcohol, or the inhumane hours he was pulling at the hospital. It wasn’t because he was running around to avoid Mary, or constantly hiding the fact that he disliked it when she came along to solve cases, or when she interacted with Sherlock.
Baker Street was just as he remembered. Warm and cosy. His home, which he only realised he missed like a limb when the ache in his chest became unbearable.
Lestrade went with them, but in the end it was John who did all the fighting. Mark Wilks, as it turned out, was not as clever as he once had been, trying to take on the most capable of army doctors by himself. Once back at Scotland Yard, it didn’t take long for him to confess, and Lestrade walked out of the interrogation room with a frown.
‘‘Why don’t you just ask him’’ one of the women said, chewing a gum with her mouth open and not able to hide the disgust in her features. Sherlock, however, was done being nice to homophobes.
‘‘You have the temerity to patronise me about relationships when it’s you who’s traumatized and emotionally stunned’’
-Yes – John smiled and ran her fingers through Sherlock’s hair again, which was really distracting because Sherlock was trying to have an epiphany.
John wasn’t really hungry, but he forced himself to eat as much as he could. Sherlock seemed to be in a similar predicament. He looked cute as he frowned at the food, as if he were asking it what to do with his crying best friend. A laugh escaped John before he could stifle it.
John smiled, caressing Sherlock’s ear, and leant forward to press a kiss on his forehead. Their eyes locked as John pulled away, the air around them was thick with all the words unsaid, all the feelings unaddressed. In the end, it was Sherlock who broke the silence.
Sherlock looked at him for a long moment, his posture slowly relaxing as he believed John’s words. His face was still apprehensive, and John wanted nothing but to kiss him better.
Sherlock smiled, a little. He took a few deep breaths, his mind coming back online bit by perfect bit. ‘‘Okay’’, He cleared his throat, raising his chin, ‘‘If I can make requests, then, I would like you to kiss me’’
‘‘Christ’’ John said, out loud, moving to take a seat on his chair. Careful not to touch Sherlock’s vulnerable form. Confusion and arousal making it hard to breathe.
‘‘We shouldn’t have to endure an evening that is doomed to fail. Why can’t we be at home, enjoying ourselves… kissing…’’ John kissed him to illustrate that point, and Sherlock was momentarily sidetracked before he worked up the courage to say what he’d been feeling the entire morning.
John sat beside him, stroking Sherlock’s hair and watching the room. The last time that Sherlock got this drunk was at John’s stag night, when they were suffering from the words unsaid. It seemed like so long ago, the time of their life when different people were pulling the strings of their fate: Mycroft on one hand, Moriarty and Mary on the other. He remembered bringing Sherlock back to Baker Street, both drunk out of their minds, and carefully flirting with him, trying to see where he stood with his feeling for John.
me to be with you. This person’s plan seems to rely on me believing that you hate me and don’t want me in your life any more’’ Sherlock waited for John to argue. When he didn’t, Sherlock continued ‘‘That’s what I meant when I said that the memories were thematic. They were about you’’
John nodded, even though Sherlock couldn’t see him. He tried to busy himself with the dishes because his hands were starting to shake a little. Had he always felt his emotions like this? Was he always this... sensitive? His father would have a field day punching it out of him.
-The bedroom upstairs is just the way you left it. I – ah – cleaned it. Well, I’ve been cleaning it. And… I think we have food. Some toast-
‘‘Have you guessed who has been doing this, then?’’ Mycroft got up as well, walking around the room ‘‘Who is hellbent on portraying an emotionless version of Sherlock Holmes and cannot accept that he loves John Watson? Who is only concerned with the crime work, but not the obvious romance between the detective and his doctor?’’
Sherlock nodded, extending his arms to John, beckoning him in, and John went. ‘‘You want to have a BDSM relationship with me’’ Sherlock said, but his deduction voice lacked its usual bravado. It was softer, higher. Absolutely lovely. He laced his legs around John’s waist, tugging him further down. John couldn’t not smile at Sherlock’s choice of words, everything he did was endearing.
John inhaled deeply, trying to control his erratic heart, ‘‘I won’t do it raw, baby’’ his voice was soft, despite everything.
‘‘That’s it, love’’ John said, running his hands all over him, everywhere he could reach. ‘‘Cum for me. I want to see it’’
Sherlock just looked at him in open confusion, eyes sweeping over John’s clothes as if to determine the veracity of his words.
Sherlock’s bottom lip trembled and he watched, bewildered, as John pulled him towards Sherlock’s (their) bathroom. That room was also a toxic waste, but John made do, speed cleaning as Sherlock waited by the threshold. Once he was done, starting the water on the tub, he felt rather then heard his phone ringing, and he didn’t need to look at the screen to confirm that it was Mycroft. John took it out of his pocket and removed the battery, confiding his absolute attention on Sherlock.
Sherlock placed the tea tray on John’s table, kneeling between his legs again. From the corner of his eyes, John thought he could see the detective’s body vibrating.
He slowed down a bit, after that, looking at both of them, naked, as if unsure what to do. John caressed his thighs with his fingertips, light as a feather, giving him time.
‘‘You’ve lost weight’’ John tried to reprimand, his voice dropping a few notes. He brushed off the little paper from his forehead and rubbed his temple, holding his head on two fingers.
John’s laugh was more an exhale, his smile turning mischievous, ‘‘I think we’ll just have to be touching each other all the time to be whole, then’’ he shook his head, ‘‘What a bummer’’
‘‘Yes, Sherlock, I have met John’’ Lestrade said, pinching the bridge of his nose while John laughed.
John frowned, looking at Sherlock for clarification. ‘‘One of the things he told me that day is that you would never find me desirable’’ Sherlock said quietly.
‘‘I didn’t immediately start taking drugs, after my… near overdose’’ Sherlock said, a big part of him afraid of John’s judgement. The doctor just looked at him, waiting for him to continue ‘‘I only started after you… said that you didn’t want me in your life’’
Sherlock just looked at him for a while, his expression unreadable. He finally took a deep breath, his voice low when he said, ‘‘Why did you say it like that?’’
Harry finally raised her head, a look of surprise and interest on her face, ‘‘Why don’t you want to go home to Mary?’’
’’ Sherlock grabbed John’s arm, stopping him in the middle of the sidewalk. He forced John’s eyes to meet his by placing his gloved hands on John’s cheeks, holding him still.
‘‘Doesn’t have to be now’’ He said, finally finishing his ministrations on Sherlock’s back and walking to stand in front of him. Said detective looked more terrified than ever, and John thought of all the times that Sherlock pretended to be above all else, and said that feelings were ‘the crack in the lens’. This was a man who had crushes and imagined how his name and that person’s last name would go together. John could see, right there, how big Sherlock’s heart truly was and, before he knew it, he was crying too. He ran his fingers through the detective’s hair, pushing back his fringe to give him a light kiss on his forehead.
‘‘Asphyxiated?’’ Sherlock knelt beside John, as if trying to see what he was seeing, ‘‘There are no strangulation marks on her neck, doctor’’
‘‘I love you’’ Sherlock sobbed, pressing his lips to every part of John’s face he could reach. Eventually they both calmed down. Sherlock caressed the scar on John’s shoulder while John caressed the scars on Sherlock’s back.
‘‘This is perfect’’ Sherlock said just as quietly, raising his chin to kiss John’s lips, which they did for a while before it turned into a snog that left Sherlock panting for more ‘‘Make love to me?’’ Sherlock asked, and John smiled before kissing him down his neck, chest and pelvis, and Sherlock felt like he was being worshiped.
‘‘Sherlock… hm… we should talk’’ John said, making Sherlock’s heart race ‘‘Now, I’ve noticed that lately-’’
‘‘You pretend to hate me. You pretend to hate my friends, my habits, my hobbies, my job’’ Taylor Mayden was an Instagram influencer with less than one hundred followers. ‘‘But this’’ she pointed at herself, ‘‘this is what you like’’
Sherlock froze, thinking for a moment, and then he drank. ‘‘You loved Sholto, but you weren’t sexually attracted to him. And sex is important to you’’
Sherlock looked down at both of them, their pants and trousers still forming a barrier, but even so he’d never felt so raw and exposed. He bent over to kiss John and inevitably pressed his hips harder against him, making them moan. They began to grind against each other, harder and faster, their breaths becoming shorter and their moans louder, until there came a knock on the door.
The morning sun found the two women tangled in each other’s limbs on the sofa, sleeping peacefully. Mrs. Hudson took a mental note to talk to the girls about what sort of behavior was decent, which didn’t include awakening your landlady in the middle of the night
Given Sherlock’s dazzled expression when he pulled back, he managed just fine. Sherlock gathered his bearings and tried to pull John down again, but John didn’t let him. He kissed Sherlock’s throat just as skilfully.
‘‘I haven’t even kissed you yet’’ John said, mostly to himself. Sherlock stopped breathing for a moment, but didn’t lower his hands.
Sherlock widened his eyes, but shook his head, ‘‘No’’ he sighed. There was a pause, a soft inhale, and ‘‘I’m sorry I said that you liked her because she was dangerous. I’m sorry for implying that it was you fault. I didn’t mean it. I had to give her ammunition otherwise she-’’
‘‘Harry is throwing a party with her girlfriend in Edinburgh’’ John said ‘‘I know it’s going to be cold as-’’
John thought that the world as a whole was ignorant to the fact that scotch had the ability to cleanse all chakras, open your third eye, and make human beings reach nirvana. John felt, ultimately, terrible – he was nauseated, nearly blind and uncoordinated – however his mind had never been clearer. He discovered things about himself that he would have never discovered sober.
‘‘John, you don’t understand what you’re saying, okay? You… you… are going to remember the things that I’ve done to you and-’’
Sherlock hailed a cab, his grip on John even harder, somehow. ‘‘No. Not enough data. Not enough... enough experience to reach a conclusion’’
Sherlock felt his eyes watering as he read it, and he just folded the paper and put it inside his coat pocket, offering the nice lady one last smile before going back home, all the roads leading him back to Baker Street.
John rubbed his face against Sherlock’s clothed erection, mouthing along the line, tipping his tongue into the wet stop right at the front. He got lost on it, completely out of his mind with how arousing just the thought of having Sherlock like this was. Amazed that he could do this. He started to tug on the hem of those ridiculous purple pants, but stopped when he heard a different edge on Sherlock’s moans, felt more force to his tugs.
Sherlock barely had time to register that the man’s voice was vagally familiar before Moriarty was yelling again, shouting orders walking out of the room.
John just hummed, giving him time. It took a full minute for Sherlock to speak again ‘‘Looking back, my reaction feels kind of silly-’’
, love, what are you doing?’’ John said, looking at the other people in the room, his hands unconsciously moving to Sherlock’s thighs.
‘‘Mycroft came over saying Vatican cameos and telling me not to move out of Baker Street’’ Sherlock raised his head to look at John with an incredulous face and John shrugged ‘‘I kind of took the hint’’
‘‘No, I was wrong’’ Mycroft said, emphatically, forcing Sherlock to look at him ‘‘In my fear of you feeling grief I closed you of from love’’ Mycroft’s face softened ‘‘And love, dear brother, especially the love you feel for John Watson, is a vicious motivator’’
But by the time that the first guests arrived, John was beginning to worry. John read over Harry’s shoulder Alice’s messages that they were coming back, but his anxiety only disappeared when he heard the front door opening.
The loud ring of his cellphone startled him from his discovery. His fingers trembled as he pressed the keys.
And John chuckled, reaching inside his pocket to get the ring – which was thick, rose gold and perfect. He raised Sherlock’s left hand, pausing before sliding it in ‘‘Will you marry me?’’
It wasn’t very sexy, because Sherlock kept having to stop when he was taken over by fits of laughter, but John and the cleaning staff were really supportive, often offering their applause and yelling their approval. When they were going back to Baker Street, John held his hand and couldn’t seem to stop smiling. He looked at ease, completely and irrevocably happy, and Sherlock decided that this was a very good Christmas tradition.
John pulled Sherlock’s chin up, gently, and that emotion flourished on his face. He was nervous, fearful, insecure... and then Sherlock mastered his features back to smugness.
Eric’s eyebrows raised and he was about to say something when Sherlock intervened ‘‘John knew that the war was inevitable, so he went to use his abilities to save lives, in an environment where many were lost’’ He kissed John’s lips ‘‘He is the bravest man I have ever known’’
Eventually Harry and Alice went to their room, and only Sherlock and John remained at the living room. They sat cross-legged, facing each other, in front of the fire place, holding hands and kissing. John had playfully wrapped them in fairy lights and placed a Santa hat on Sherlock’s head. The doctor, as it turned out, was very skilled with his tongue, and Sherlock had to move away to catch his breath before he passed out. John, not at all deterred, just moved his lips to Sherlock’s neck.
Sebastian couldn't take it anymore. He went to Henry, sliding down beside him. "Henry, babe please, don't shut me out. I don't hate you. I never could. I love you so much. Please, let me hold you. As soon as this settles, we're out of this town. You, and Mom, and I will be in Berkeley, things will be better, we'll make new friends there. It'll be okay babe, I promise."
Wanda smiled and left the room. Then a loud rumble of thunder sliced through the air, and John shivered a little.
He opened up his door, quickly made his way downstairs, and dashed towards the front door, opening it.
Irene looked down at her red espadrilles for a moment, as if taking in Greg's words. "Greg, I just think you should know..."
"Yeah, well it's something I don't advertise. My dad couldn't accept Harry being queer and kicked her out of the house. He threatened to do the same to me. So I stuck with dating girls. Mom eventually kicked
Sherlock secretly and begrudgingly had to agree. Some of the songs he felt weren't so cringeworthy were accompanied by violins and he had to admit the sounds were nicely played. The song on now had a decent violin solo.
We learn the fate of Jeff Hope, and the Wilkes family begins a slow, tortuous process of trying to come to grips with Richard being The Sherrinford Slayer.
Sherlock snorted. "Faith in the police is not what I have John. They have nothing to go on except for that asinine theory that Sally Donovan and Phillip Anderson were murdered because of their race."
Sherlock held his phone up to the man's face. John studied the video intently for a moment and then he nodded quickly. "There are ruptured blood vessels in the eyes, face, and neck. This man was strangled to death. I don't know how Anderson missed that. Wait, never mind, I do."
Jeremy went into the small bathroom, grabbing a small paper cup from the dispenser on the wall, filling it with water from the sink. He put it to Harold's lips and he sucked it down in one gulp. "Thanks."
"You can't predict what a psychopath will do. Come on, let's relax in the living room and listen to some music. I'll stay here tonight, I'll sleep on the couch and keep the gun with me," Hal said.
John sat on his bed, and Sherlock sat next to him. He turned off the radio. "I think this person just wanted to kill someone, and they didn't care who it was or what color they were. It wasn't a robbery, nothing was taken. Unfortunately, Sally and Phillip were in the wrong place at the wrong time. The killer would have chosen anyone alone in that parking lot, where they would be alone and unguarded."
"Oh my God! Your mom is going on a date? With the man that sold her the gun?" Mary whispered heatedly.
John laughed. "Hmm, I disagree. You look so uncomfortable and out of place in those schoolboy clothes. Shame, 'cause you're gorgeous. Anyway, can't stay and chat, there's some fish and chips up top with my name on it. Peace, mate."
And he looked into a very familiar face. A face he thought up until this moment, was a friendly one.
About ninety minutes later the two were done and looking pleased at their handiwork. "Love, go get Papa so we can show him our snow angels," John told his daughter.
The detective said nothing, as he came closer and watched Rosie happily knead the mixture. He could smell the fresh crispness of the peppermint, and he took a deep breath, enjoying the sharp scent.
Sherlock bent down to kiss his blogger. "And I'm actually feeling a bit peckish. Want to order room service?"
"John, go back inside please," Harry ordered but John shook his head. "No Harry, I want to know what happened." He turned to Mr. Holmes. "Is Sherlock okay?"
There will be more prominent character deaths as the story continues. And Victor is not the murderer, I want to keep him a nice guy. But there are a lot of other good suspects so keep reading!
John knew about the rare ailment. It was an affliction that can occur after exposure to salmonella, various STD's, and infection. It could attack different parts of the body, but knees and ankles were the most common. He'd treated a case of it at the clinic several years back.
Moran, or Little Seb as he was known around town, was a short and stocky blond with sharp green eyes who planned to go into the army after high school graduation. His dad had served in the Korean War as a mechanic and Little Seb idolized his father. Both men had tattoos of tigers on their right shoulder but Seb’s was a tiger cub, so Jim nicknamed him Little Tiger. He was like a tiger, a fierce scrappy boy who had no qualms getting into fights to protect those he loved and was loyal to, but he wasn’t a troublemaker. Unlike Sebastian Wilkes.
John swallowed hard and nodded. "Yes ma'am. I just wanted---I just wanted to see how he was doing. Mr. Holmes came by my sister's house and told us what happened. I'm so sorry, I didn't mean for any of this to happen." Tears welled up in his dark blue eyes.
Sherlock chuckled. "It was actually a bit interesting. I rate it a six out of ten. I busted an art forgery ring that was stealing valuable paintings from a museum. The receptionist was the mastermind, smuggling them by hiding them as outgoing mail. Ingenious if you think about it."
Sherlock didn't answer, he just took another sip of wine and sighed. The truth was he hadn't found anyone interesting enough. There had to be somebody out there for him, but who?
"Missing you like crazy, but I'm relieved to know you're okay. Pete Hooper called me earlier tonight and invited me to join a meeting with the other parents tomorrow night, about the Holmes family."
Harold began to stir, and his brother-in-law immediately turned his head to look at him. Lucy was back at the hotel, getting some much needed sleep. Jeremy said he would sit with him.
Brett was an intelligent, inquisitive boy, with wild dark curls and bright blue eyes. Sherlock loved him with all of his heart and soul. It was the two of them against the rest of the world.
Sherlock smiled again. "And for that I'm I'm extremely grateful." He leaned over and softly kissed John.
He stood on the landing, contemplating. Sod it, he was going to the pool. It wasn't raining and the radio said it wouldn't get here until early evening. Ignoring the moans and groans from his sister's room, he headed for his to get his swim trunks.
Sherlock was sitting at a table with his friends Molly, her boyfriend Greg, Irene and her girlfriend Janine. The group of five were drinking and having a good time. Sherlock had ditched his family's swanky party (much to the chagrin of his annoying older brother Mycroft) to spend time with the few friends that tolerated him and geninuely liked him.
They didn't know why she allowed it. She'd had to deal with it as a child. Her father, Grant, was a well-respected attorney in Los Angeles. Her mother Nancy was the dutiful housewife and socialite. On the outside, they had the perfect family. On the inside, it was a whole different story. Her father was a closeted homosexual and engaged in secret affairs with young men on the side. She didn't find out until she was fifteen what was going on. Nancy refused to leave her husband and stood by him. Gloria was hurt and confused but tried to rationalize the things both of her parents did. Then five years later, her father committed suicide after one of his lovers, a nineteen year-old man looking for a meal ticket, threatened to expose the relationship unless he received ten-thousand dollars to keep quiet. Her father couldn't face being found out. The family would have been ruined. So he sacrificed himself.
John raised his eyebrows. "Well, not really. I'm a gamma so alphas can't really detect my scent, and their scents don't affect me. But yours---I smelled it right away, and it was really powerful. I've never smelled anything quite like it."
“Let’s go sit in the living room.” He followed her and joined her on the brown sofa. It creaked as John sat. He looked into her blue eyes, which were identical to his.
perfect.  The name's Sherlock Holmes. I have a tendency not to talk for hours, I play my violin at all hours of the day and night, and I'm prone to shoot walls when I'm bored. Want to bond? And dance too? I love dancing, always have."
"Yes." Lucy looked away for a moment before facing her husband again. "There's no easy to say it, so I just will. Jeff said that Richard Wilkes shot him before he passed out, and the police strongly believe Richard is the Sherrinford Slayer."
“I want a word with you,” John told him brusquely. “Outside, now.” He turned and began to head for the exit. He ignored Molly and Victor’s protests. Sherlock, now grinning like the Cheshire Cat, followed the blond.
It was a little after four, and John was walking to catch the bus to Leather and Lace. His last session was a fun one. The two men met John at the door, each wearing T-shirts that said "Reporting For Duty." The newlyweds were enthusiastic, and loved it when John kept disciplining them for not staying silent during their "punishments." When John got out his bullhorn, the two had whipped themselves into such a frenzy John had trouble staying in character, and the three ended up in a heap on the bedroom floor, laughing and giggling like teenagers. John had been paid double for his time, and got another booking from the couple, who promised to behave on their next visit.
"When Mike picked this place out, showed me the pics online, I knew this was it. Especially this glass enclosed terrace with the fireplace. I've never seen anything like it," John said, still in awe.
“I don’t know even why I bother...it’s not like he would ever notice me anyway,” she lamented. “But I’m not about to plaster pounds of makeup on my face and become a paper shaker, it’s just not me.”
"Yeah. He came in to my studio last year. He booked a photo session. He said it was for a birthday present. He came dressed in this really expensive bespoke black and Italian loafers. Then he proceeded to take that suit off, and he was wearing a black lace thong. He had a duffel bag with him, and in that bag was those same black heels, and a huge red dildo."
Sherlock's eyes gravitated to the main display window of the shop. A banner indicating tonight's event was hanging prominently in the center over a blown-up poster of the same photo of John on the back of the book. Copies of
"Yeah," he replied, but he was too busy peering into Sebastian's blue eyes. John chuckled to himself, took his pint, and left the bar. He scanned the club for a solitary space he could drink and people watch, and found a small round table close to the dance floor. He hightailed it over and claimed it, sitting down and taking another drink. There weren't too many dancers, but that was probably because the DJ was playing Thunder by Imagine Dragons and it wasn't a song you could really move to.
Molly nodded, trying to push the images of him and his drunken father out of her mind. "It is. I still can't believe it."
There was a bit of silence before the killer spoke again.  "I want them to know to stop being judgmental fools. I want them to stop trying to interfere in others' private lives. I want them to mind their own business. And if I have to shed blood to get them to do it, well that's their problem. But I'm warning you and everyone else in town now---more people will die, until the hypocrisy stops, until people are allowed to love who they love, without fear and hate."
"Yes Captain," Warren responded with a hitch in his voice. John saw a shiver literally crawl down the other man's spine. Warren wanted this badly.
"I can't help it John, but I do feel a lot better knowing you feel a lot better." He leaned down and kissed him softly on the lips. "I'll get a nurse and see if she can give you some more pain medicine."
He wasn't going to be overlooked this night though. It was December 21st, the first day of winter, the shortest day of the year. John was walking home after picking up a meal from Angelo's and was only a few blocks from 221B when he was ambushed by two men in their twenties, demanding his wallet.
Veronica saw the intense sincerity in her son's icy eyes. And she saw John was more than comfortable sitting next to him. "Okay dear. I'll be in the waiting room." She turned and opened up the door out into the hallway. John set his gaze on Sherlock. "How are you feeling?"
Jeff snorted. "Says the guy who diddles other guys. At least what we're doing is normal, male teenage behavior---"
The two left the studio and were outside in the early afternoon sunshine, heading towards the restaurant, oblivious to the blond staring intensely at them from inside a coffee shop window.
John chuckled and shook his head. "You daft git. Didn't you hear what Rosie said? If it wasn't for Mike, we wouldnt have met, and I wouldn't have my genius beauty for a husband by my side."
"Ooh John, is this a precursor to our wedding night? I didn't know omegas could have it in them to be so dominating," Sherlock replied breathlessly.
Eurus and Sherrinford approached their brother. "We're going to get some fish and chips across the street. Want some Sher? You can bring John," Sherrinford said coyly.
"He wanted to say more, but I stopped him. I didn't need to hear anything else. I know how it feels to lose a loved one to a terrible accident."
"So, when they're killing their victim, they think they're killing that other person," Luke surmised.
John and Warren both laughed and shook their heads. "We're not together, he's a very good friend," Warren replied.
"Thanks for your help gentlemen. Let's get the address for Ms. Clarkson and pay her a visit," Lestrade said. He turned to John. "If this pans out John, you've solved your first murder."
Sherlock frowned at his spouse, a concerned look on his handsome face. "John, you don't look good at all. What's wrong?"
Sherlock, John silently said. That cop got him. He was still in my house. Waves of dread and fright tumbled over him, and he shuddered again. But he had to face him. He had to look him square in the eye and explain everything. This time, he wasn’t going to fight this on his own. There were witnesses to his behavior. Someone had known Sherlock was planning to rape him. Let others get involved. Maybe this time, he’ll stop for good.
John sat down at the kitchen table to go over the list he and Sherlock made for their upcoming wedding. The two had gotten engaged last New Year's Eve during an intimate dinner at Angelo's. Sherlock had ordered a bottle of white wine, and when the waiter brought it, along with two glasses, John's engagement ring was taped to the bottle. There was a mixture of shock and excitement, combined with happiness and tears as Sherlock told John how much he had kept him right over the last two years, and he wanted John to keep him right for the rest of their lives, and asked the doctor to marry him. John of course, said yes, and the wedding planning was soon on.
John laughed and eagerly got back in bed, letting Sherlock maneuver him until the alpha was spooning him from behind, wrapping him up tightly in his long arms. Sherlock planted kisses up and down John's hairline, causing the shorter boy to shiver with pleasure.
Greg nodded solemnly. His dad put an arm around him. "You're too young to worry about this. I want you to be safe, but as long as you don't break curfew you'll be okay."
Sherlock pouted again, which caused John to laugh again and place a kiss to his nose. "You'll live," John teased.
John sat down in an empty chair next to Molly, placing the pad on the table. "It's coming along great, and it'll look even better in color."
Sherlock sat down at the table. "She's showing us who's boss John, at only fifteen months." A devious smile formed on his lips. "Perhaps we should arrange for Mycroft to babysit one day."
I decided it would be a good idea to step out of the room. I had a feeling Doctor Watson tending to a shirtless Sherlock would be awkward, even more so with me there. "Sherlock, I'm going to try and find some coffee. I'll be back in a mo."
Then a familiar baritone silkily called out from the same area where John smelled the cigarette smoke. "John?"
But Sherlock was not a bride. No, he was a groom, and about to get happily wed to another groom, his marvelous John Watson, on a lovely Sunday afternoon in May at one of their favorite places to visit.
John wheeled around to go back in, but he suddenly felt two long arms wrap around his waist and warm breath ghosting on his neck. He could smell a heady mixture of tobacco and gasoline.
"I have a feeling you won't be able to concentrate on math once I tell you what your little girlfriend's been up to while you were out sick."
Sherlock huffed, but his lips quirked up into a grin. He yawned and stretched and stood up, smoothing down his shirt and stepping into his shoes. "Let's make it quick, I want to get back here and cuddle with you some more."
Henry just shrugged. "Whatever makes you happy," he said, and quickly moved past the other teens into the house so he could set the pizza down. He secretly thought it was stupid, but he wasn't going to say it to Carl's face. The older boy had no qualms practicing his award-winning wrestling moves on others if need be.
He could have kicked himself for turning this beautiful man down as a flatmate. That ship may have sailed, but maybe he could still spend time with him.
Sebastian frowned at his boyfriend. "I'm sure. Who needs some corny dance when we can be here in this big house all weekend, just the two of us? Besides," he paused to press a kiss to Henry's jaw, "my moves are much better and more satisfying."
Mrs. Stubbs, a short thin green-eyed woman in her early fifties with blonde hair pulled into a bun, stood up. "Thank you Principal. Today, we're going to select our Homecoming theme for this year's festivities. Here is the schedule of events, which will be distributed to all students by the end of the week:
John blushed slightly and cuddled closer to his husband, closing his eyes, letting the melody of the song wash over him like a warm sea wave. He remembered his wedding dance with Sherlock. It didn't take place in a reception hall, but at their flat on 221B Baker Street. They had a simple ceremony at the registrar's office, followed by a celebration lunch at Angelo's, then returned to their flat to celebrate privately. They danced in their living room, to Just the Two of Us by Bill Withers and Grover Washington Jr. John had picked out the song and surprised Sherlock.
When the bell rang ending the school day, John casually gathered his things and went to his locker. Sherlock had followed him but kept somewhat of a distance so it would look so obvious to other students. When John passed the secretarial wing where the typing classes were held, Sherlock pulled him into an empty classroom, shut the door, pressed John up against one of the desks and kissed him like it would be his last. He was all tongue, and John tasted the apple and milk he'd eaten for lunch.
"I'll take you home Mary. That way your mom won't have to leave and get caught in the storm," John offered.
"Of course not? I was practicing on myself." She shook out her thick hair and grinned. "I do that quite a bit you know."
"Sure."  Sherlock nodded his head, and John got off the bed, with Sherlock following right behind him, eager to have dinner with his sweet ray of sunlight.
A tall gentlemen stood behind the bar, polishing a glass. He was in his fifties, short brown hair with silver strands running through it. He had glasses, and wore a white shirt with navy blue bowtie, navy vest, and navy slacks. He glanced up and saw the hostess and James. He smiled brightly at the girl. "Hi Dee-Dee." He saw James, and his mouth opened a little. "Well, not everyday we get coppers here. Everything okay?"
"Dad, come look! This boot looks just like the Tardis!" Brett cheerfully cried, grabbing his father's hand and breaking Sherlock out of his thoughts. The tall man chuckled. "So I see. Well, let's check it out."
"Oh sorry. I was remembering something from my abnormal psych class from back when I was in uni. We did a short study on serial killers, and the professor discussed some serial killers choose victims because they looked like someone from their past who hurt them in some way. It's called transference because they "transfer" their rage they have towards that specific person to their victims."
"I can't wait to be married to you, you crazy gorgeous man," John softly murmured, voice filled with affection.
Harold slowly opened his eyes, a look of confusion crossing his face. He glanced around the room, frowning. "Where am I?" he croaked with a dry voice.
Irene sat at the head of the table, and Molly sat next to her, across from Sherlock. Both women had cold looks on their pretty faces.
He was still a little sore at Eurus for spilling their family secret to John, but in the end, it worked out. John wasn't angry with him, and they enjoyed a nice dinner at Leonard's, followed by an even nicer makeout session in the back of John's car. Sherlock didn't want to rush things and scare John off with pressuring him for sex, not after his violent behavior towards him when they first met. He had been on pills during those first few encounters, and since John had accepted him into his life, he'd stopped the drugs, only allowing himself a cigarette every now and then.
John was in his classroom, going through stacks of VHS tapes. He pulled out one, a video about constellations and the origins behind them. He set that aside to show during his class tomorrow.
Greg sat down next to Sherlock. "How does it fit in thought? Our first two victims regularly visited male escorts. The guy you're stalking is a sex worker providing the service. The killer is probably a sex worker."
The cut was perfectly tailored to the body. A crisp white shirt was worn underneath the jacket, a navy silk tie attached to it.
Suddenly Lucy's face went as white as a sheet, and her anxiety rose even higher like a runaway kite. "Or a psychotic killer."
Sherlock laid his curly head on John's shoulder. John smiled, set his mug down, and reached up to ruffle his detective's curls. Sherlock hummed appreciatively and moved in even closer. "You giant cat," John teased gently. Sherlock hummed again in response.
John leaned in and kissed Sherlock soundly. Sherlock hummed with much approval and wrapped his arms and legs around his husband. It wasn't long before the summer storm outside lulled them into a tranquil sleep filled with nothing but sweet dreams.
Mycroft did a facepalm. "It's bad enough Eurus is there with Jim, imagine the reaction when you saunter in. The entire town knows you're a near-rapist."
John laughed. "Me too. I didn't want a big dinner so this will hit the spot. You and Mom have fun tonight."
Greg stood in the living room, hands in his shorts, his chest getting tight in anticipation of seeing Molly, hoping he wouldn’t screw this up.
"Sherlock!" Mycroft reprimanded, but his younger brother was adamant. "Mycroft, you said yourself you didn't want to schedule another day of auditions. None of the other dancers interested or intrigued me. John does. Sure he doesn't have the typical dancer's physique or moves, he's short and stocky---"
"Wait," Harold began again. "I heard glass breaking. I thought it was the cat. I went into the kitchen, and then this black shape. But after that, I don't know what happened."
Wanda was sitting in a waiting room on the second floor, where John was currently being operated on. Hal was beside her, a comforting arm wrapped around her. She had called Harry and Clarence, and they were on the road to the hospital. She also called Mrs. Hudson, and all his friends' parents to let them know what had happened.
"Yeah. Bagged two rabbits and a deer. Then I just ran through the countryside most of the night before kipping in a building near the Thames. How about you?"
John and Bill found two seats at the end closer to the entrance. The bartender, a bonded omega, approached them, and John and Bill both ordered pints of Guinness.
"If he is, he's never going to hear the end of it from me. I keep telling him to stay away from Carl and those goons, but his head is as hard as a diamond," Sophie replied, frowning.
John snorted. "Well, you're certainly not humble. I just graduated from King's College. Medical school. I'm here celebrating finally realizing my dream to be a doctor. Are you on vacation too?"
John pursed his lips. How could he be attracted to a boy that tried to rape him? Especially when just last year Sebastian Wilkes cornered him? He'd be branded a hypocrite. However, he couldn't ignore the inevitable. There was something about Sherlock that Sebastian just didn't have. Something deep down that intrigued John. There was a lot more to him then let on.
John began to feel uneasy. He'd heard other stories from his friends about how creepy she was. He would have to choose his words carefully.
Sherlock couldn't help but smile. "Never thought there'd be a day I could say I would have friends checking up on me."
Sebastian grinned like a loon and pointed towards the shallow end of the pool. He should be coming out over there any second now."
"I'm fine, just a little rattled. Mom's hot though. She's ready to go over to the Wilkes' house and give them a piece of her mind."
John shook his head, but when he saw Sherlock's dejected expression, he relented, even though his brain was telling him to run and get back into his bedroom. "Okay," he croaked. "But just a small one."
John was now snuggled under a new set of clean sheets. He inhaled the fresh linen smell, and burrowed himself inside the soft cotton, the radio on the bedside table softly playing music.
"But he was so upset when I called him a nosy punk. He just took off." Molly started to sob again, burying her face in her mother's neck.
John was grinning from ear to ear. He couldn't believe that Sherlock had not only texted him, but agreed to meeting each other in person. He just hoped it would go well. Even if nothing romantic came from it, maybe they could be good friends. John went back inside his house to call Rosie and give her the good news.
"You would run away to Los Angeles and overdose on pills again, going through the torture of having your stomach pumped, just to have a few minutes with me?" John was in disbelief. "Come on Sherlock, I'm nothing special. I'm just an ordinary kid living an ordinary life."
he wants. I don't think he'll stop pursuing John, but I think he'll be more careful and stealthy about it."
John at the time was in a hospital recovering from a gunshot wound that ended his military career, and had developed an infection post surgery. John was given the vaccine and in a matter of minutes, he was infection free and the wound in his shoulder healed without leaving a scar. John wasn't told what was really in it at first, and he was furious. His ire didn't last long, because not long after being injected, he began to feel woozy, hot---and horny.
In the dead of night, as storms once again rolled through Sherrinford, John Watson was caught in one of his own. Sherlock Holmes broke into his house and was now on top of him in his bed, intent on claiming what he thought was his. At first, John decided not to fight him, he was tired from his previous encounter with him at The Big H. But when Sherlock started pawing him and trying to pull his pajama bottoms off, a fire ignited inside him and he was determined not to end up being a rape victim. He was only sixteen and still a virgin. His first time was not going to be a violent coupling with a psychopathic greaser. He fought Sebastian Wilkes off and he could do the same with Sherlock.
"It's wonderful how the students have taken to you John." Molly leaned in closer to him. "I hear some of the girls have been talking to each other about how hot you are."
Someone was pounding on the door but Sherlock ignored it. There wasn't anything he could do. The pills had already taken effect. He lay on the bed, his mind a whirlwind of shapes, colors, and voices all mixing together to create a nightmare symphony.
"Simple. You're wearing your wedding band on a chain around your neck. If you were divorced you wouldn't be doing that. Just a simple observation." Sherlock said.
“Sure Mom,” John watched her mom open the door. “I’m leaving for church. You can stay home today, I know you’re tired from your night out, and I want you to get some rest before your shift at Mrs. Hudson’s tonight.”
