A mere twenty minutes later there’s someone knocking on the door of his house. Very efficient delivery service, he thinks nonsensically, stumbling out of his bed and tugging on a ratty t-shirt as he makes his way downstairs.
The thing is— Tony knows Pepper’s too busy to actually strongarm him into going. His features twist into a self-satisfied smirk and he throws his legs up on his desk, resolving to blow it off when the date arrives. And he has every intention of doing that until—
“Hold on.”
“I was great at Valentine’s Day.”
“What are you doing?” Steve asks, and the softness in his voice literally makes Tony want to hurl. “Have you eaten at all today?”
Steve shakes his head once, firm and resolved. “I could’ve prevented it. I should never have left.”
“You tweet about our sex life!”
“Okay,” Natasha says softly.
More silence.
Steve actually looks a little harried about it now, like he didn’t quite mean to put this tension back between them. “I’m gonna go make lunch,” he says, rising from the floor and dusting off his sweatpants. Tony innocuously checks out his backside as he leaves, which he thinks might be more healing than the yoga.
(work phone) 360-875-9231
He’s propped up against the headboard in that red silk robe he sometimes wears — the one that ends high on his thighs and generally impedes Steve’s higher brain functions. And there’s something unassumingly dirty about the way he’s positioned; his legs are parted just enough to be suggestive, and the belt to the robe is knotted so loosely around his waist that miles of his muscled chest are on display.
He heaves a sigh, appraising his unfinished portrait which he will definitely not have time to finish this weekend since he has back to back shifts at the bakery and the Pottery Barn. He could wake up early Monday morning to finish part of it, then chug three Red Bulls after work and clock a couple night hours to wrap up. It’d be fine. He’d work it out. He always did.
“I know.”
Tony thinks it’s really a toss up on which one it could be.
“What?” Tony asks, giving her a look over the top of his glasses.
Pepper sends next to him in a well-pressed pantsuit, cherry red lips curved into a small, smug smile. When Tony finishes his speech and disappears behind a huge navy curtain, she leans down to the mic and says “no further questions” with a ridiculously pleased glimmer in her eye.
“What if I can help?” she asks, “what if something’s going terribly, terribly wrong and I’m the only one who can help?”
“If he asks me—“ Tony starts, and something gentler, more genuine slips into his voice. “If he asks me, I’ll tell him to go for it. I’ll tell him I was wrong. I swear. But only if he asks.”
—Again.
“What do you suggest we do then?” he asks, head still fuzzy from the booze even as exasperation drives him ever-closer to sobriety. “What’s the star-spangled plan?”
“Probably ‘cause you thought if I spent the night in the E.R., I’d be too tired to propose for another forty-eight hours.”
And/or medical records.
“No,” Steve shakes his head, reaching over to slide his fingers into Tony’s hair. Tony leans into the touch, seemingly on instinct. “No, I think you told him something very sweet and romantic.”
“It was just an example.”
“Okay,” he breathes, arousal twisting in his stomach as Steve moves down to kiss his neck, “okay, so, I feel like the plan should be: we have sex.”
Relief spreads from the center of Tony’s chest, like when he put the new core into his arc reactor, like when he saw Rhodey running towards him in the middle of the desert.
“Doesn’t make it any less true,” Steve echoes, and Tony rolls his eyes in a weak attempt to beset his smile.
“Yes, sir?”
be making an exception this year in the form of a list of New Year’s Resolutions. —Well, not so much a list, exactly, it’s more like one very loud, very obvious, very critical proposition. He’s gonna write it down, put it on his calendar, say it to Jesus, and do whatever the fuck normal people do to make these things happen. In fact, even though they’re only halfway through December, it’s already emblazoned in his mind in big, flashing neon letters: STOP SLEEPING WITH EX-HUSBAND.
He lays on the couch with his head propped against Tony’s thigh. Tony does paperwork and runs an idle hand through his unkempt hair. He loves the way Steve looks with a bedhead and softly lidded eyes.
His ex-husband is currently stretched across Tony’s absurdly expensive futon, drooling onto the microfibre and contorted into a shape that will definitely give him neck pain later. On his chest is a heart-shaped box of chocolates, half of which appear to have been eaten. He looks pretty terrible, with bags under his eyes, poorly maintained stubble over his jaw, and rumpled clothes that look like they haven’t been washed this month.
“Sorry, I’m in the sitting room and they’re—“, she coughs, smoothing her voice into something more measured. He hears a little shuffling in the background, and he assumes it’s the sound of her stepping off to somewhere where she can’t be heard. Or distracted.
“Uh-huh.” Amusement runs through the low timbre of Tony’s voice, “you get in a lot of disagreements?”
Natasha hums in agreement and Steve sits back in his chair. Who does he know in the mayor’s office? Who does he know who could request a personal audience with the mayor of New York and actually get it? And then, for a moment he thinks—
(Maybe 76%).
“If Brock is outside when we get there,” Steve starts carefully, fingers curling into fists at his side.
Steve raises an eyebrow. “Like exponentially increasing the net worth of your company in record-breaking time?”
Tony comes up behind Steve in the mornings, pokes the part of his side where Tony knows he’s ticklish, and cackles over their subsequently ruined eggs.
Steve’s eyes widen a little, and, god, there’s still nothing Tony loves more than throwing him off-kilter. “You can’t be serious,” he says, folding his arms over his chest.
“Deliver it?”
, he says, biting cheerfully into a Pop-Tart, like it’s silly, like it’s a joke between just them.
“Injured,” he confesses, rolling his shoulders against the mat. “But also, like, awake. If that makes sense.”
Steve looks up at Tony with a vaguely amused expression. “You could help me set it up,” he says, voice soft and casual.
“What’s the objective?” Steve asks, still uncertain. “Just— break it? Do you break it in a specific way?”
“Take a nap, Captain Sleepyhead. I can handle this on my own.”
“Do you think— maybe I should, though?”
“There’s a first time for everything,” Tony shrugs his jacket over his shoulders. Steve is gorgeous right now, and if he takes a minute to stare he knows he’ll be tempted to stay. “Gotta hit the road, baby. You’re welcome to anything in the house.”
Along with Sam’s side wound, he’s got a black eye and considerable bruising across his collar. Tony wonders if being both a brilliant tactician and an enormous idiot is a mandatory requirement for the position of Captain America.
Natasha rolls her eyes. "Don't look so scandalized. Steve's in here all the time."
“That’s good.”
Steve does not engage. Tony can hear his own voicemail in the background because Steve broke the volume button on the phone and now it’s frozen at max.
“I assure you I am entirely earnest.”
“It’s all right,” Ms. Williams gives Tony a faint smile. She carries herself with the kind of elegance that’s learned from years of hiding grief. Tony recognizes it so well because it’s the kind of armor Steve wears. “Riri’s a good kid. I mostly let her have free reign because I trust her judgment.”
Tony folds his arms across his chest and leans against the doorway, making absolutely no move to relieve some of the burden on Steve’s arms. “Why can’t you do this on your land?”
Tony and Steve got married in their twenties. They were too young, probably, that’s what everyone told them at the time and that’s what Tony privately thinks now, but there had been no reasoning with either of them at that age. Steve had rescued Tony from a burning building, and Tony had spent an hour and a half yelling at him in the parking lot, insisting that he was handling it just fine by himself, he didn’t need intruders in his lab, and he certainly didn’t need a post-fire investigation which would set the research process back by weeks.
“My husband knows a good colorist, so maybe he can set me up later.”
Until he found the ring.
“Not entirely. I could darn your socks,” Steve shoots back, voice dry and flat in a way that elicits a rough chuckle from Tony.
“Why didn’t you take me with you? To Malibu?”
When he finally does open his mouth to speak, he really means to say something serious, to say thank you, but what comes out instead is—
“I have a question, though.” Steve adds, voice settling into something milder, more amused.
And it’s— it’s not a huge thing, it’s just burgers, but Steve knows his favorite restaurant closes before Tony gets off, and he knows Tony never remembers to order them while he’s still on the clock, and the place in question is pretty far away from Steve’s apartment
Tony texts him from the tarmac, right before the plane takes off.
“So you’re giving me your number, then?”
“Did I?” Tony asks, head lolling to the side to look at Steve. Steve touches the smile lines around his mouth and eyes. He has a spot of dried chocolate ice cream on his face and he is so beautiful that it still makes yearning twist in the center of Steve's chest.
She scowls at him. “Riri. But never mind that.” She thrusts out the tech in her hand, and Tony can’t help but peer curiously at it. At an initial glance, he assesses that the work is rough but impressive. It’s the kind of approximation of his own armor that a child shouldn’t be able to make. “I can’t get this quite right. Help me and I’ll leave you alone forever. Or until I run into another serious roadblock, which will be spaced out relatively far in the future because I am a literal genius.”
“And Bucky told me that when someone says that while they’re, you know...” Steve waves a hand around, presumably to connote their dirty, dirty lovemaking, “It just means they want to marry the idea of having sex with you!”
Steve works in a second finger and Tony’s hips stutter in almost embarrassingly eager response. He’s smiling like an absolute asshole when he says,“You want me that bad?”, and Tony tells him to fuck off, feeling a breath of a laugh against his neck.
“It’s 9 PM.”
Steve and Tony’s first date had been on Steve’s birthday - the evening of the fourth of July. They'd kissed on the roof of Stark Tower and spent the next several hours in each other’s arms, watching the night sky light up with reds and blues and greens. After that, Tony had decided he loved fireworks, too.
, he says, and goes on to make a point that’s entirely unrelated to his status as Steve’s husband. Clint can often be seen miming vomiting in the background.
Steve offers up another one of those stomach-dropping humorless smiles. “Did someone tell you I was on vacation in Banff?”
“I mean, yeah, but do you think they let him do that more than once or twice a year? He’s barely sober enough to get through a board meeting, investors probably want what little focus he has to be honed in on the stuff that actually makes money. Guns and shit.”
Steve shrugs again, not helpless, not resigned, just accepting. “Yeah, probably. But they showed up
“Tony Stark like Stark Industries, right?” he asks, reluctantly typing the name into Google. “The one whose dad died a couple years ago?”
Steve takes Tony’s hand and brushes a kiss along his knuckles. “I thought you were great at Valentine’s Day, too.”
It’s only a little ironic that this thought passes through his head on the morning of the sixth day, when Steve Rogers turns up at his front doorstep.
“Don’t think it’s a good idea.”
Tony makes a vague grumbling noise, which Steve elects to ignore.
“Let me get you some water.”
“Riri?” Tony cuts in, because the fact that Riri and Peter talk will fuel his nightmares for days to come. “How do you know Riri?”
And then, about an hour into getting his ass very thoroughly comprehensively kicked, his mind starts to sharpen the way it used to— before… well, Tony doesn’t know. Before he started spending half his days in bed and the rest of the time getting panic attacks in the workshop.
“We don’t need to rob Tony Stark,” Sam admonishes, ever the voice of reason. “We are strong, independent millennials. And we all have steady jobs right now. We’re going to be just fine.”
“In little running shorts,” Tony insists. “And you know exactly what you’re doing with that spoon.”
“He’ll be okay,” Sam says in a low, quiet voice. He strokes Bucky’s hair and Bucky burrows further into his shoulder, shifting in his sleep. “He’s shaken up and he’s already worried about the hospital bills, but he’ll be okay.”
He just— wants the damn suit off him, and he’s yelling that like some sort of maniac, and then Steve’s ripping the armor into its constituent pieces with his bare hands. It’s terrifying, but once the chest plate falls away, Tony can finally breathe.
“First of all,” Tony hisses, narrowly resisting the urge to throw a piece of bacon at Steve’s head, “that literally makes no sense whatsoever. Second of all, we are going to have a talk about you discussing our sex life with the Winter Soldier.”
“Steve. You’re very sweet for trying to assuage some of the pain of aging, but, honestly, I’m a big boy. I can handle it.”
The next morning, Tony wakes up in a small pile of feathers.
“Just be yourself.”
“How do you know how to use Skype?”
Tony wets his lips. “For how long?”
-HEAVES ENORMOUS SIGH- IT IS DONE!! damn this got long!! big thank you to everyone who has stuck around, left comments, & left kudos. you're soooo amazing and you kept me motivated through writing (what has felt like) A Short Novella.
He feels slightly ridiculous as he does it, but the second his index finger makes contact with the projected lines, Tony’s voice starts coming out of the speakers on his laptop.
“I liked you,” Steve shrugs again and presses his shoulder lightly against Tony’s. “You were - you...
Steve receives homemade baked goods in droves during the Christmas season — either from grateful rescuees at the fire station, the parents of the art class for toddlers he teaches on Saturdays, or just old ladies in his vicinity who are magnetized to his buff, calming presence. Tony privately thinks Steve’s haul is consistently better than the absurdly expensive Godiva Gold Collection box three of his trustees get him every year, so he’s grateful for the opportunity to raid Steve’s stash.
“Shut up,” Tony shakes his head, those perfect, heart twisting smile lines creasing around his eyes. “God, you’re stupid. I love you, Steve Rogers.”
He doesn’t. He curls his fingers into the front of Steve’s shirt and tugs, clumsy and uncertain, like he’s still half asleep. Steve comes down easily, but he braces one hand on the edge of the kitchen counter, maintaining a little distance between them as he stares at Tony with hard, questioning eyes. He’s close enough that Tony can feel the warmth of his breath. His mouth looks soft and familiar.
Tony slumps a little in his arms, resting his head against the crook of Steve’s neck. “Maybe. If you’re difficult about it.”
"Mhm."
right not to hate-kiss him, but he can’t shake the image of those pained dark eyes which are apparently permanently burned in the back of his mind.
When their eyes meet, the last week apart may as well have been a minute.
Steve just hums, licks the burning bruise on Tony’s neck before bringing a hand up to cradle Tony’s jaw and turn his head toward Steve. Tony goes willingly, because of course he does, and it’s worth it, because he’s seen Steve Rogers in a whole host of states: angry, vengeful, depressed, happy, but he’s never seen him like
He’s smiling, looking vaguely downwards where he knows Tony is, when Rogers looks at him and asks, “Why?”
, your
heat and pleasure and joy, more feeling than Tony knows what to do with.
Steve was a goner after that.
“You’re still thinking too much,” Steve smiles, carding his fingers through the hairs on the back of Tony’s head. When he presses with a faint upward movement, Tony goes without a word of complaint, up over Steve’s thighs and down onto his lap, too riveted by Steve’s mouth so close to his to realize their cocks are barely an inch apart. “What about?”
“You always do,” Steve smiles. It gets a real laugh out of Tony, albeit a short one. There are sunflowers up here—he didn’t know Natasha planted sunflowers. “What happened, Tony?”
, Tony had told him once. They’d been sitting on the edge of the landing pad near the top of the tower at sunset, going over what went wrong with whatever battle had happened that day. Steve had spent the entire conversation with one hand shoved under his thigh to stop himself from reaching out to hold Tony’s, who’d put himself in the line of fire—unnecessarily—and had nearly given Steve a panic attack.
“I—I’m, I’m trying, big guy,” Tony laughs, more breath than sound, eyes watering as he tightens up around the head of Steve’s cock inside him as a result. “It’s a tall order.”
Natasha’s response is so lightning fast it would make Thor dizzy.
“Shh,” Steve hushes him with a soft kiss to the corner of his mouth, “it’s alright, honey, I’ve got you. Just tell me what you want and I’ll give it to you.”
could possibly want at the bottom of a bottle after everything that’s happened this past year?”
The picture isn’t damning, he reminds himself. They aren’t engaged. They aren’t dating. They’re
Steve, starfished on the mat, closes his eyes. “The only reason I’m the only person he follows on Twitter is because the rest of you aren’t on it.”
It’s not a big deal when Sam, Natasha, and Clint corner him in the kitchen on Sunday night as he’s fixing a plate to bring down to Tony in the workshop.
Knew exactly what Tony was thinking, what he wanted, what they
No scenario could have prepared Tony for the way Steve is holding and kissing him like he’s just come in from wandering the desert and Tony is a reservoir of cold, clear water. Steve pulls at him until there’s no air between their bodies, plundering Tony’s mouth with precision, opening him up with tongue and lips and teeth, licking and sucking and biting and
“You’ve never had sex with
pretty.
making that sound.
, so Tony focuses on that.
“Sure, PJ—you just wanted to see what real Air Force muscle looks like,” the man grins, flexing his barrel chest hard enough to strain his shirt. Sam guffaws and gives him a friendly punch to the shoulder, which the man returns in kind with a fist to the kidney.
But with Steve’s super strength, he might as well be.
Tony wants to live in this moment forever. He’s going to invent time travel and come back to this over and over and over again until he dies or the machine breaks, whichever comes first. He never could have guessed Steve would be like this, so beautiful and intense and so fucking
like he’s got the chills. Steve just rolls with it, taking every shift and judder of Tony’s body in stride, his tongue never leaving the tight furl of Tony’s hole; if anything, he presses his face
it felt to see death in a place it didn’t belong. It would be unbearable to even imagine that moment for more than a second if Steve didn’t have an extra vial of Pym particles tucked away in his belt.
Tony leaves the TV on, hunches over on himself, and
“Are you okay?” Steve asks, so earnest, so sweet, kissing Tony on the cheek before he leans up and away from him to take in the sight of Tony spread open on his dick. “Oh,
Tony is alive. Standing there, in front of Steve,
as he’s about to let the tears fall, an obnoxious beeping rouses him.
Jesus
surgically remove
“Bucky, you said—are you designing a new arm? For Bucky?”
see the way the man’s face fell at the news).
Paramedics rush in even as Steve bows his head to Tony’s chest, palm covering the arc reactor in a vice as they try to pull Tony away from him. They’re trying to move him away gently, but Steve is inconsolable, throwing hands and spitting mad, all but launching himself at anyone who dares put a hand on Tony.
“Welcome back, mister,” he says. “How’re you feeling?”
“Fair,” Tony laughs, fingers hooked into the waistband of Steve’s navy blue slacks. “But I still get to call you ‘fiancé,’ right?”
into the sheets in front of his mouth. He’s so close, he can
The sound of Tony’s laughter could power a suit all by itself. His happiness makes Steve downright giddy. “I can’t believe I ever thought you were a stick in the mud.”
“I can feel it—you, Steve,
Steve had replied,
these schmucks come up with...
, and Tony has been on the outs with God and organized religion for years but for Steve he might just be willing to reconsider his stance. “Fucked me all the way open, loose, you-you did that.”
He assumes that’s the end of it and goes back to running his finger around the rim of a vodka martini. There’s a guy who definitely wants to sleep with him yammering on about something in the next barstool over, so he tries to think about that instead.
Steve rolls his eyes. Corny. But that was alright, Bucky was pretty corny, too, and he loved Bucky.
“I think fun found Natasha. Graduated-first-in-his-class-at-MIT-James-Rupert-Rhodes took one look at her and he was smitten.”
“Where are we going?” Riri asks, tone significantly less hostile.
“Isn’t that for people who are, like, chaste?” Tony had asked, waggling his eyebrows and slipping his hand beneath the loose elastic waistband of Steve’s sweats.
(That’s only happened twice in the past month, so Tony thinks they’re doing alright.)
“—Sorry. I just spent an hour and a half explaining AI stuff in a level of detail some might describe as ‘excruciating’. I think I’ve caused you enough pain, so I’m just gonna skip over that. I guess I’m just avoiding getting into what I really want to say. I feel like I owe you an explanation for last night, because sometimes I can come off kind of… asshole-y. Yeah, I’m definitely an asshole. I guess I’m just not used to people outwardly calling me an asshole, and I—
Steve actually does roll his eyes, that time.
“You’re sore,” Steve notes the slight wince that pulls across Tony’s face as he leans back.
He’d called them both as soon as he had the full information. Mrs. Williams had sounded shaken, but seemed to respond well to Tony’s attempts at reassurance. May Parker had dispensed a tight thank you, and a request for continual communication.
“We’re going out,” he says easily.
“None of them are good,” Bucky chimes in, voice muffled by fabric.
“Cool,” Tony says, but Steve’s certain he has absolutely no idea where or what that is.
“What’s the point of that?”
The moment is broken up by the arrival of Aunt May. Peter doesn’t even pretend to be upset about that she’s there, just launches himself into her arms and whimpers a little as she pats his back consolingly. Steve sends them home with the rest of the ice cream and the potato chips, but by the time he’s returned to the kitchen Tony is somewhat violently going through the contents of the freezer. Ruby is attempting to stick her very long nose into the opening.
, crows his lizard hindbrain. Tony hates this, hates how even if Steve isn’t saying anything, even if he’s just sitting in the back of the workshop talking to DUM-E in a low voice and humming under his breath, his mere presence makes something pleasant unspool in the pit of Tony’s stomach. Or maybe Tony just wishes he hated it. Again, it’s hard to distinguish between the two these days.
“Yeah,” he says carefully, pencil stilling over the page, “yeah, I was an art student.”
“You’re such a brat,” Tony murmurs, kissing his neck. The scratch of his stubble is a shiver-inducing contrast to the cool metal of the armor pressed against Steve’s skin.
Tony builds Steve a house that’s three stories high with a skylight in the living room and ample room in the yard for more than one dog.
“You can’t tell me you don’t feel it,” Tony shakes his head, knocking his knees against Steve’s under the table.
It’s deeply embarrassing to Steve that they also seem to figure out Tony’s romantic designs for him despite Steve only divulging about fifteen percent of the full story.
Tony spends half his life in the air and he knows that, logistically, the wind does produce a sort of high-pitched sustained note, but he still hates the turn of phrase. Whistle's just too hi-ho-to-work-we-go, too frail for the stomach-dropping feeling of wind in his hair, skin that stings from the cold, and a jaw locked in concentration. Right now, when he’s standing on the roof of his tower in a suit of a different kind, with fingers clasped loosely around a bottle of whiskey—
So that hadn’t been the best of Tony’s marriage plots, but in his defense, he was riding on the high of a seriously powerful neurochemical cocktail, one that could only be brought about by spells of extreme violence that happened go his way.
that works on you?”
“Yeah, I kind of get that,” Tony tilts his head, nodding slightly.
“Um—“ Steve says.
Steve opens the attached document, and his heart literally skips a beat at the number printed next to ‘salary’.
“Okay,” Tony says, even though he has absolutely no intention of doing that.
Steve is furious. Furious like he used to get before the serum – furious at some unknowable, unreachable thing, furious at the sudden immovability of the situation. He tamps it down the best he can, but it’s unreasonably hard not to give into the urge to throw something, especially when the paperweight Elon Musk gave Tony for Christmas is
“Why would you ask that?” he starts, tone carefully disinterested. “You know we had a very nasty, very public falling out less than ten years ago, right?” Generally, the easiest way to get under Riri’s skin is to patronize her. It either makes her so angry she cuts off all conversation completely or it fills her with a controlled rage that produces hyper-eloquent tirades. It’s an all or nothing kind of gamble.
And Steve had been too embarrassed to object, really, so there they are.
Steve forces himself to remember.
Pepper’s mouth forms a small, understanding ‘oh’, but Happy still looks confused. “He’s asking us to be his groomsmen,” she explains, an amused smile quirking the corner of her mouth.
“We checked the list. The flowers in your hand are made of paper, Tony.”
, numbskull.”
If Tony’s being honest with himself, this is his favorite part of seeing Steve. The sex is perfect, of course, it’s always good between them, but he really lives for the moments after, when he can leisurely run his hands along Steve’s still-warm skin with his head pillowed on Steve’s chest, legs hopelessly tangled amidst the sheets. Initially, his self-imposed rule was that he didn’t stay longer than an hour, but over the duration of the past year that has bled into a two hours, three hours, and, on one memorable evening, the whole night.
Unfortunately, Tony’s sixth sense about Natasha’s request is legitimized minutes later, when he gets a phone call from Steve that brings together the pieces of his scattered thoughts. JARVIS patches Steve through, and, in lieu of a greeting, he says—
“The main offices?” Steve asks, brow furrowed in confusion. “I thought we were the main offices.”
Steve doesn’t say any of that, though. Instead, he says “get some sleep, Tony” and disappears into the darkness outside, leaving Tony’s shoulder warm from his touch.
. He’s starting to realize that he can’t be spending all his time barreling towards death, because then he misses a little thing called Every Moment Worth Living For, which keeps happening in the background.
“I don’t believe so. I think he just wanted to surprise you.”
on an unrelated note... i will be participating in the marvel trumps hate fan auction! ppl are still getting everything together so i don't have a page to link yet, but my minimum amount is $5 and i'll write u ~10k of Happy Things! also ur 5 dollars would be going to a rlly good cause that u get to pick :) i strongly encourage everyone to bid or spread the info around to others who might be interested in bidding! it's gonna be really good and fun <3
“Fine,” the receptionist heaves a long-suffering sigh. “Room 609. Visiting hours are over at nine.”
“I mean, don’t get me wrong,” he continues, sitting up a little straighter. The movement jostles the robe, somehow revealing yet another tantalizing centimeter of tanned thigh, and Steve’s attempts to be intelligible come to a screeching halt. “I love the idea of having a non-electronic butler, but at the moment I’m far more interested in talking to my husband. Hello? Husband? Are you in there?”
She fights him on leaving the city, and so does Rhodey. They argue that he needs people, he needs his loved ones to recover. And maybe that’s true, but he’s tried to let them heal him for months now. He thinks he owes solitude it’s fair shot.
“Maybe not the full dress. Maybe just the veil.”
“I could work out of New York,” Tony nods, shoulders falling in a helpless sort of shrug.
Who knows—they could very well end up married.
” Tony answers dumbly, too gone on the way Steve’s fingers feel inside of him, so deep in his ass, dripping wet and so, so clever, seeking out Tony’s prostate and pressing against it with two flat fingertips, holding perfectly still as Tony cries out and grinds down against the heel of Steve’s palm, riding Steve’s fingers like nothing else in the world could possibly matter. “Yes, Steve,
The air in the bathroom is still. Tony realizes then that Steve is
“Are we, uh, interrupting something?” Clint has to shout to be heard above the music blasting from all corners of the room.
“A lot of things of mine you haven’t seen, Cap,” he replies, too late to stop the innuendo from slipping out. He looks at Steve after he says it and almost, almost lets out a gasp: when did Steve get so close? And why is he looking at Tony like that? All intense and considering?
Tony’s mouth twitches into a smile. “Nope.”
“Are you feeling feverish?” Steve asks, pressing the back of his hand to Tony’s forehead. Tony allows it, even though he knows it’s nothing more than an excuse to touch him.
Peter and Pepper do not cross-reference their scripts, so announcements for two different emergency types are made — both active shooter and earthquake. Tony looks so embarrassed that he keeps eyeing the window, like maybe the best option would be to fling himself out of it. Steve narrowly prevents this by suggesting a game of paper football, which is a good idea right up until the moment he realizes Tony is a lying cheating cheater.
, Tony thinks. “You are an incredible father. She loves you so much and she’s the happiest dog in the world.”
No such luck.
“For how long?”
“—but her friends are pretty cute, too, right? Thought Steve kinda looked like your type."
Healing is slow, but maybe that’s alright, because Steve and Tony have forever.
“I would really prefer you didn’t,” Steve sighs, but his eyes are already drifting closed, so Tony decides it’s not a serious rejection.
“What direction?”
. This is how it always should’ve been, Steve there, at his side, reminding him what he’s fighting for.
The dark nothingness of space, the rapidly shrinking hole, the weightless feeling of the drop— sometimes, they’re the first things he thinks about when he wakes up. And he spends the rest of the day trying to pull himself out of it, to focus on work, to forget whatever it is he saw up there and to finally move on. He does paperwork. He attends meetings. He flirts with baristas. He plays at normal even though it stretches his energy thin, makes nearly everything feel like a chore.
“Keep your seatbelt on,” is all Steve says in response.
Steve freezes in place and looks up, face suddenly washed out in the red light from the open doorway. His features dissolve into abject terror as he realizes where exactly Tony is and what he seems to be doing, and before Tony can fully comprehend what’s happening Steve has crossed the space between them, wrapped an arm around Tony’s waist, and yanked him firmly away from the edge.
Steve
He opens the door to find Steve in his pajamas, too, loose sweatpants with worn out elastic and one of those ribbed white tank tops he seems to wear under everything.
“No,” Tony says, and for a brief moment, he wants Steve to be here. Steve would take one look at Tony’s face and clear the entire house so he could have a little space to deal with this. In lieu of a star-spangled knight coming to rescue him, Tony tucks his anger tightly against his chest and says “no” again, sharp and insistent.
“I don’t know, Sundrop, I’ve never made an itemized list.”
“What are you?” Tony asks, resisting the urge to duck behind the door.
“No, it’s just—“ Steve pauses, struggles to say exactly what he means. Some things never get easier, even after a lifetime with the man who loves him. “I just think the gray is kind of sexy.”
“Stop laughing at me!”
And Steve says “wait.”
“Do your two cronies’ parents know they’re here?”
They walk out together in silence, though Tony can’t help but sneak glances at Steve out of the corner of his eye, glad for the cover of the faceplate.
“I’m sorry,” Tony closes his eyes, and imagines a beach. A beautiful beach in Fiji. Thousands and thousands of miles away. “Barton, I’m gonna need you to repeat that for me. And it’s probably best if you get a good arms-swinging length away first.”
“Tell me something.”
“Are you wearing jeans?” he asks, thoroughly delighted. Pepper sleeps in a silk nightgown, the last time he saw her in jeans and a t-shirt was... god, Tony can’t even remember.
Steve pauses, thoughtfully stirring his oatmeal. “He was very handsome.”
Tony hangs up the phone and looks at Steve, who is already looking at him. He’s sitting on a chair against the back of the workshop, his feet propped up on a table with a poetry book splayed open on his thighs. Steve quirks an eyebrow and, with a sudden, startling clarity, Tony realizes he knows what Steve’s thinking. It’s been a long time since they had that kind of closeness, one that translated to nonverbal communication. Tony smiles a little, and Steve smiles back.
to make time for Steve’s exhaustingly rigid moral compass, but he probably will anyway.
Steve deposits Sam on the couch in the living room and Tony steps away to grab the kit and a bottle of water for Sam, who's looking a little faint. When he returns, Steve’s hiked up Sam’s shirt and begun examining the damage underneath, the damage Sam had apparently been concealing.
“Friday?” he asks quietly. Riri and Peter’s hearts are still beating steady, no recent acceleration that would indicate torture or anything torture-adjacent.
They’re about to rejoin the festivities when Sam braces a staying hand against Steve’s chest, nearly sending him tumbling backward. He looks at Steve with wide eyes and suddenly Steve realizes it’s because they can hear approaching voices and footsteps, people speaking in low tones who are clearly clueless to the fact they’ve got an audience.
Steve’s the one to pull back first, but he doesn’t go far, keeping his arms looped around Tony’s neck. “How was your day?”
“What about her?” Tony balances his tablet on his knees and flips through photo after photo of a pretty blonde girl from Steve’s (very seldom updated) Facebook friend list.
Tony thinks he actually means ‘for giving me another home.’
“She’s having a grand old time in the suburbs with the minimal fireworks and the squishy children. Stop fretting.”
“Tony those are—“ Steve coughs, tucking a smile into his fist. “Those are Clint’s.”
“What do you want to do today?” Tony asks, tucking his head into the pillow of his arms.
“Well, I’m having a romantic meltdown, too. My husband’s an asshole who won’t let me eat an entire carton of ice cream in peace.”
Steve grins, ‘cause he really can’t put together anything to say to that. Tony’s so quick and so clever that he sometimes catches Steve right off guard, even in the wryest of moods.
“I feel like it now, though,” Steve shrugs, taking another bite of yogurt. He sets it casually on the counter, ignoring the heated press of Tony’s gaze.
It’s really not how he would’ve wanted Steve to find him. He wonders which one of the cleaning staff ratted him out. Probably Molly. It becomes rapidly less important, as Steve crouches down in front of him in a worn-out t-shirt and jeans, sporting a full-on beard as if he hasn’t shaved in a week.
“Gross,” Steve teases, wrinkling his nose and leaning forward to press a sweet kiss on Tony’s mouth. Tony can’t resist making it a little dirty, introducing tongue and sliding his hand around Steve’s hip and over his ass. From the way Steve sighs against his lips, he doesn’t seem to mind.
Well. Pepper probably knows exactly what she’s doing. Tony, on the other hand, remains as oblivious as he’s always been.
“You implied we were— headed in that direction.”
“Why don’t we go inside and use some of that gel - the one Rhodey sent over. To relax your muscles.”
“Sam’s bringing some guys from the VA.”
“Tony?” Happy’s rapping on his door, probably telling him he needs to start getting ready or deal with some last minute catering emergency. Tony makes him wait a couple minutes, just to keep watching the wind whip through rich green pine trees, the perfect rush of white.
Natasha takes a job in California. It’s an amazing career opportunity and she reminds Sam, Steve, and Bucky that James Rhodes does not have a monopoly on the entire state. Steve can only hope that, for Rhodes’ sake, there are no coincidental run-ins.
Sunset seems to pick up on this, too, because she lets out a high-pitched, grating laugh that, as short as it is, captures everyone’s attention. “I didn’t know you were interested in art, Tony.”
Tony slips out of Steve’s hold and claps a hand over his mouth, chest seizing with laughter. “I really don’t think we need to relive that.”
“If you count our three dogs, we have even more.”
Steve comes in, shuffling behind Tony and guiding him out of the doorway, one hand lightly hovering over the small of Tony’s back. He doesn’t move away but he doesn’t touch either, just gently but assertively ushers Tony into the kitchen. Tony collapses easily into one of the stools next to the island. There’s a chocolate stain on it from a couple days ago - he thinks America and Kate were helping Steve bake brownies. (Well. Kate was helping. America was eating stuff.)
Executive Project Manager
The program powers down. Steve blinks at the blank air around him for several seconds, then sits up straight, unlocks his laptop, and plays it again.
2) His bed smells really nice, like pine or something. Note to self - ask Jarvis about new laundry detergent.
“An impressive feat, considering he brought his annoying ass best friend as a guest tonight.”
“Ah.”
Steve considers the appeal, heaves a resigned sigh, and disappears back into the closet.
“Well, this Thursday you’re going to have to make your own,” Steve is completely unsympathetic as he moves around the kitchen like a whirlwind. He’s packing lunches - they’re for America, Eli, and Peter, Tony thinks they’re supposed to train today - and also trying to throw together a sufficient breakfast for himself. His hair is a mess and his flannel his half hanging off his shoulders. Captain America is never this poorly put together an hour before he has a social engagement - Steve might even be late today.
“Good,” Steve yawns and leans into the touch, “love fireworks.”
Seconds later, the Exterminatrix is lying in a crater in the concrete, blinking and shaking faintly as America restrains her properly.
“I swear to god, Steve,” Tony breathes, arms wrapped around his neck, Steve’s teeth scraping across his pulse point, “If you fuck me right now, I will marry you. I will marry you so hard. I’ll be, like, a fifties housewife who quits her job and just stays home and makes really disgusting food in a poodle skirt.”
Steve sighs a little, eyes still closed. “Now I am.”
“Hey, what are you doing after this?”
“Two dogs, Steven Grant Rogers, and it’s really not up for discussion unless you want to end up on one of those Animal Planet reality shows.”
“No need,” Steve’s doing the thing where he’s not quite smiling, but his eyes are sparkling like something’s really amused him. Tony used to love that face, he used to think he’d move mountains for that face. Now it just translates to a dull ache in the space where the arc reactor used to be. “I’m staying in town, actually. I’m renting a room with Mr. MacDonald. Kinda funny, right? Old MacDonald’s really got a farm.”
“Right,” Tony muses, leaning out of Steve’s space, though he keeps looking at him as he backs up, that same playful little smile on his face. “See you later, Rogers.”
“Hey, you,” Steve hums, voice rough with sleep. He rises up onto his knees and clumsily makes his way to the edge of the bed, and Tony moves closer too, drawn forward as if by magnetic pull.
“And how did you get involved?” Tony asks, stepping through the door Steve is holding open.
“The last four Thursdays you’ve made pancakes.”
“It’s science, dimwit. Take the appointment - people say Dr. Burford is an absolute genius.”
The girl wrinkles her nose, flips her dreads over one shoulder. “Nope. Still weird. See you later.”
“So, what?” Tony asks, taking a sip of coffee and trying, possibly in vain, to pretend that Rhodey hasn’t just come for his whole life and family with his exposé. “You’re saying all this annoying shit Steve does isn’t actually annoying? I’m manufacturing it in a pathetic effort to— to test the strength of our friendship?”
Sam is just sitting there with his mouth open, a spoonful of cereal frozen halfway between his bowl and his mouth. He looks at Steve with raised eyebrows, “Holy shit.”
America frowns down at Steve for several long, dragging seconds, before conceding a gruff “thanks” and offering him a hand. She pulls his entire super soldier body up with one hand and Tony is…. begrudgingly impressed. He chances a look at Riri, who is sitting next to him and completely enthralled by the whole spectacle. Tony can practically see the gears turning in her head, already cataloging the adjustments she’ll make to her armor, ways to level the playing field between her own human body and the enhanced individuals currently engaging in round two.
“Nice to know you’ve always got my back, Wilson.”
“Bye,” Steve says in a hollow voice, and has to put a concerted effort into not staring at their retreating figures.
catch me on tumblr @ quidhitch!
“Are you gonna forget to eat if I don’t put the food out for you?” Steve asks, snapping Tony’s attention back onto him. Steve puts a whole bagel in his mouth, holding it between his teeth as he fits lids over three pieces of Tupperware and places each into a separate brown bag.
They spend several painful seconds like that— just staring at each other.
“—Anyways, breaking Brock’s contract to fire him means we had to pay him a pretty hearty severance package. If he’s blown through the money that fast, it’s ‘cause of his own poor financial planning. He’s really not suffering as a person in any way. I know why you thought he might be, why you were so quick to listen to him — I realize I’ve been — maybe not the… easiest person, to believe, or like, or whatever. But he’s a fucking shithead. Please just — I’m not trying to tell you what to do, but — um, he doesn’t have your.. best interests… at heart."
Tony makes an annoyed noise in the back of his throat. “God. Of course she did.”
Tony chews on his lip, silent for a couple moments. “You are so....”, he trails off and stares at Steve, who’s grinning like a toddler because he already knows he’s won.
“Oh,” Steve shrugs, all casual as he brushes a little ash off Tony’s eyebrow, “no sex tonight, then. Hey, do we still have scrabble at home?”
you. I cannot like
And, even still, when Tony looks up at him, he doesn’t see the face of the man who hurt him, the man who left him, the man who went on a fake vacation to Banff. He sees the man he’s in love with, a man who is almost certainly in love with him, too.
“Did you actually
“I’m just saying,” Tony presses on, waving around a fry soaked in garlic sauce. “I’m thinking maybe that thing is not so different from my honesty thing. I’m thinking maybe you’ve got everyone fooled with that steady ‘Some Men Can Be Islands’ routine, but you’re actually just as terrified of love as the rest of us.”
“Ow! Ow, Bucky, that is my hair.”
Their movements grow unhurried and soft in no time at all, and when Tony pulls back to catch his breath, he takes note of the sinking sun in the corner of his eye. Everything about this moment is pink and hazy soft - the sky, the air between them, Steve.
Tony thinks, and takes a meaningful bite of his sugar cookie.
Steve doesn’t answer for a minute, just tilts his head and stares at Tony with an interest that’s suddenly very… soft. He’s still pretty obnoxious and Tony still wants to throw a drink in his face, a little, but he also wants to push him onto a bed, crawl on top of him, and smell his neck for hours.
“I’m still not sleeping with you.”
“Maybe because the last time we spoke I called you a slutty snob.”
Riri sits on the floor, the closest to the TV. Work goggles rest atop her curls and her eyes are glued to the screen, body leaned forward as if in anticipation. Tony can’t see her face from this angle, but he imagines it’s a combination of excitement and concentration. There’s a discarded writing pad to the right of her, where she appears to have scribbled a series of complicated notes and diagrams.
“I don’t feel anything,” Tony frowns, “I think my tolerance is really high.”
“Yes,” Tony cuts in again, taking another sip of his coffee.
"No,” Tony says shortly, lacing their fingers together. “A little.”
Steve is blushing again, but now it’s an anxious, troubled red. He runs a hand through his hair and looks somewhere to the left of Tony’s head. In a faraway voice, he says, “Yeah. Me too.”
“Whatever. This is not a Q&A,” he tells them, and fires off another text to Steve that reads
“I’m actually going to punch you.”
“The last four Thursdays you’ve made pancakes.”
“America’s rearing to leave,” Steve emerges from the workshop, adjusting the straps of his uniform around his wrists. The suit T’Challa’s sister made him was destroyed in the last battle, so he’s wearing an older one, something dark and functional but still vaguely patriotic. “We’re lucky she even called us at all. Get a pin on their location, yet?”
“Love you too. Good luck.”
“How many people have tried to set you up with their sickly daughters?” Steve asks, grinning.
“No,” Steve says, voice quivering a little. He curls his hands into fists at his sides and resolutely ignores the hurt that flashes across Tony’s face, ignores the responding tug in his own chest. “I mean — I don’t even think you asked me out in… all of that… mess.. but even if you had — no. That was — god, I can’t see how you’d be disappointed given that you just rattled off an itemized list of reasons I am
“Yeah, why? Is there some ethical problem with the hair-dye manufacturing process?” Tony asks, in a tone of voice that implies he doesn’t
“Okay,” Tony says, because what the hell else do you say to that? Is a blowjob the right response? Would Steve accept an affectionate, care-taking blowjob right now?
She’ll never love anyone more than she loves Steve, but Tony begrudgingly admits a mutual affection has developed between himself and the dog. Despite her reservations about doors, the second she sees Tony on the other side of one she’ll bound through it fearlessly. She doesn’t actually jump on him, but she will sit on his feet and look expectantly up at him with her weird, long face, very clearly demanding attention. He can’t really resist scratching her under the chin, even if he knows he’s just roped himself into an hour of snuggling where she will quite literally whine if he takes his hand away for more than fifteen minutes. She quiets down a little when he sings her Ruby Tuesday, but Steve looks so lovesick the first time that happened that Tony feels kind of manipulative doing it now.
Tony belatedly realizes that his face is wet, and it takes him an embarrassing number of seconds to understand it’s because he’s crying. He’s momentarily glad for the cover of the itchy veil, but the second Steve gets within earshot, his traitorous nose starts to itch and he lets out a quiet, barely perceptible sniffle. His asshole husband, blessed with super soldier ears, looks surprised, then downright gleeful, like he’s definitely going to be making fun of Tony for this later.
I hope you don’t mind me reaching out — I received your contact information from Professor Desai at the Pratt Institute. After viewing samples of your work on your website, I believe you would be an excellent candidate for a job opening in the creative department of Arc Technologies, a nonprofit geared towards advancing clean energy and combating climate change.
“Guys. Who has been calling?”
They’re both silent for a few passing moments. Tony is hyper aware of the place where his ankle is nudging against Steve’s knee.
Steve freezes, lets the words process, then struggles vehemently against the urge to break composure. “I’m sorry?”
Steve doesn’t say anything, just keeps looking at him with those eyes. They’re ridiculous, on a person. Tony has the stray thought that they belong by the stars or at the bottom of the sea.
“Rogers,” Tony breathes, fingers tightening in Steve’s jacket as he kisses down the line of Tony’s neck. “You’re gonna make me miss my flight.”
“The beach,” Steve says, drumming his fingers on the steering wheel.
“So music that Sam likes.”
The part of Tony’s brain that’s still clinging to rational thought reminds him that Steve’s been in much worse scrapes for a much longer time before — ….but, that obnoxious little voice in his head reminds him, not since the earliest days of their relationship, and even back then, it’s never felt like this. Never felt like Tony’s insides are getting turned out, like if he slows down to think he won’t be able to breathe.
After Thanos falls, Tony buys a farm in upstate New York.
wrapped around him, swimming in his thoughts, making his bed smell good, and kissing every inch of Tony’s body even when he feels like the most disgusting, most repellent person in the world. Tony loves him so much he can’t stand to think about it for too long, or else he feels like he’s going to actually, literally combust.
It’s not that they don’t fight, because they absolutely do, and in ways that are definitely not…. normal.
They struggled on for another three and a half months before getting into a fight so explosive and so painful that the only solution seemed to be calling it quits. So Tony had compartmentalized his ass off, semi-permanently relocated to the West Coast, and released a tasteful press briefing about the split.
“I—what?”
“No, Steve, Thanos got the upper hand because we let our interpersonal bullshit get in the way of saving the world. Maybe if we were both well-adjusted adults without the aforementioned laundry list of character flaws, then Zemo wouldn’t have been able to break us so easily.”
On the one hand, Sam once described the practice as ‘marinating in your own dirty sweat juice’, which pretty much put him off baths for a good half a year. On the other hand, the muscles in his back are sore from work, and his skin would smell nice afterwards, and maybe he could watch a movie in the tub, though probably not anything overly romantic or he’ll inevitably end up thinking nonstop about the person that necessitated the relaxing bath in the first place.
Tony blinks, narrowing his eyes at her. She’s not with the press - she looks too young to write for something other than the Middle School Gazette, and she appears to be holding a prototypical piece of iron man armor.
“Don’t answer it,” Tony says immediately, and tries to snake a hand into Steve’s pocket. His jeans are already undone, hanging loose around his waist, and Tony’s movement jerks them down around Steve’s knees, causing him to stumble clumsily to right himself. He kicks the pants off entirely and grabs at Tony, missing once before his fingers close around his wrist.
Over the span of the next half hour Tony goes through about fifteen different people of various gender identities, and Steve makes up increasingly flimsy excuses for his aversion to each of them. By the time he gets to ‘she wears blue shoelaces, who does that?’ Tony has to turn around and give him a reprimanding glare.
Steve pulls Tony up against him, gently massaging his lower back and pressing a quick kiss to the square of his jaw. Ruby moves around until she’s somehow draped across both of them, and knocks every pillow off the couch in the process.
Steve leans down and presses a kiss to his forehead, adjusting the weight of Tony in his arms. “About the beard or the mission?”
Steve shakes his head.
Tony freezes, a slow smile spreading over his features. “Steve’s here?”
Steve’s mouth curves into a gentle smile. “I do.”
“It’s pretty technical stuff,” Peter deflects, scratching the back of his head. “You know, jargon-y. I don’t think you’re interested.”
The morbidity of that thought doesn’t quite manage to sink in before there’s the sound of the terrace door opening, and someone cursing behind him. Tony whirls around — too fast, fast enough that he could easily lose his already precarious balance — and squints through the darkness.
Tony thinks, watching him accidentally drop them into the recycling bin, realize his mistake, then freak out and nearly knock the whole thing over in his attempt to fish them back out.
Thankfully he doesn’t have to probe Brock for any elaboration. Apparently, Brock had secured a pretty cushy job in the security department of Stark Industries, even managing to meet Howard a few times before he passed. And Howard had thought pretty highly of Brock, shown him a kind of respect people in the lower ranks of SI didn’t usually get. He’d promoted Brock to head of security just before he’d passed away, but in the months following his death, Tony had convinced the new CEO of the corporation, Obadiah Stane, to fire him. Brock tells Steve it might’ve been out of some sort of jealousy since Tony had a pretty notoriously rocky relationship with Howard.
“—no!” Steve insists, because some small part of him had maybe been anticipating this, had been curious about this, but every awful instinct he’d had about Tony Stark had been right. “No, god, you’ve said enough! Literally, why would I want to date you? Before tonight the nicest thing you’ve said about me is that I was ‘fine’! You’re a snob and a playboy and, most importantly, you ruined the best relationship Natasha’s had maybe ever! What possible reason could you have for doing that? Did you think she wasn’t good enough for him? Just ‘cause she’s from Brooklyn and she didn’t go to a fucking Ivy—“
Tony’s heart does something funny in his chest.
Tony’s stomach does a sickening twist, and for a moment he wonders —
They nap for a bit, but Tony eventually forces himself to stumble out of bed, put his pants on, and duck into Steve’s bathroom to steal a little of his aftershave. Sometimes it hurts to go back to California smelling like him, but Tony still can’t bring himself to stop. He stands in front of the mirror and tells himself he’s not pathetic. He also tries, mostly in vain, to trample his sex hair into something vaguely professional-looking.
Think it over and get back to me. My contact information is provided below.
She holds up a finger and disappears inside of the house. A few moments later the garage door pulls up, and the small, affordable car enclosed roars to life. Steve jogs back to the truck, sliding easily into the driver’s seat.
“I just think we should wait.”
Tony used to think he was the only one who completely zoned out for about 75% of Official Avengers Meetings, but when they gather without Fury for the first time and patch him in via conference call, he gets exposed to the
Tony’s communicator starts beeping meaningfully.
Steve can’t help the flush that rises on his cheeks at the question. He’d recently broken his 7-months-long no-fistfights-in-alleyways streak over a guy giving a girl a hard time at one of those pretentious hipster bars in Brooklyn. Natasha had offered to cover up the healing bruise with foundation, but Steve thought it’d be hardly noticeable in the poor lighting of a party anyways. Apparently not.
“That’s alright. You’ve never thought about it before?”
Things come together surprisingly easily after Tony just… lets go. He listens to the kids, he talks to Steve, and he writes a lot of checks.
Steve cranes his neck to bring their mouths together, loosing a small, contented sigh as Tony leans down to meet him. He pulls back after a moment, brushing a little hair off Tony’s forehead. “I love you, too.”
Steve continues to look skeptical, but pushes out of his chair and gradually makes his way towards Tony’s end of the table. Tony, though not great at dispensing meaningful physical affection while 100% sober, rises and wraps Steve up in a tight, slightly handsy hug, tucking his face into the crook of Steve’s shoulder. Steve melts into it immediately, brushing a kiss at the top of Tony’s hair.
“See, it’s your turn to make small talk now,” Steve weakly teases, “something about how packed is. Or how hot it is.”
Steve smiles, and this time, Tony sees his dimples, sees the creases around his eyes. He doesn’t actually sigh in relief, but it’s a very near thing.
“I’m okay, Tony,” Steve says quietly, and pulls back to look Tony in the eye. He kisses the center of Tony’s forehead, because he knows that’s where all Tony’s anxieties condense and eventually manifest into a series of migraines and/or self-destructive tendencies.
Brief, intense sympathy darts through Steve’s chest, but it’s mostly overpowered by embarrassment and anger.
“Oh yes I fucking have!” Tony insists, though his confidence in that statement wavers, slightly, at the firmness in Steve’s jaw. “I proposed when we fought Doom! I proposed while we were in bed after the shareholders dinner!”
“Yoga,” Steve answers sagely, and lowers Tony to the floor, squeezing playfully at his ankle as he pulls away.
“What’s up, J?”
Steve’s brow furrows. Natasha sounds far too blasé to actually be blasé, and the fact that she’d put that much effort into convincing Steve she doesn’t care makes him certain that it’s pretty serious.
Steve’s mouth quirks in a smile, but his eyebrows are drawn together, concerned. He nods towards the TV. Tony squints at the screen.
“Yeah—“ Steve glances over his shoulder, quick, tentative. “I wasn’t sure if that— if we were still allowed to—“
Tony has an answer for everything — it’s a Stark trademark, practically written in his genetic code — but when he reaches for a witticism that’ll toss Steve off, he ends up clutching at air.
Steve considers this for several dragging moments. Tony would reach for the bottle, but he can barely feel his own fingers in the cold. They flex uselessly at his side while Steve stands there and looks like he’s contemplating the fate of the universe, like he’s Nostra-fucking-damus or something.
“This is why I worry about you,” Tony sighs, fingers tightening in Steve’s t-shirt. “You’re not— you’re not doing
“Do you want me to come in?”
Steve settles into the seat next to Tony, picking up his own fork and sectioning off a bite. They’re silent for a few moments.
Steve rolls his eyes, but he’s still smiling, holding the ends of Tony’s suit jacket to keep him close. “No. I only give a damn about you.”
So he resolves to take a minute in the alleyway behind the gallery, call Sam, catch his breath, and devise a plan of attack. The second the cool air hits his skin, he knows he’s made the right choice, and he takes in long pulls of it, pressing his head to the stone wall behind him and letting his eyes drift closed.
“Yeah, he’s richer than god.” Bucky hops up on the kitchen counter, thudding his heels against the cabinets in that way he always does even though he knows it will annoy Sam. “We should get Natasha to pinch his Rolex. That’d probably cover rent for the rest of the year.”
*He and Rhodey pour out the booze together, and spend the rest of the evening on the roof, wearing sunglasses and drinking from glass Coke bottles with bendy straws in them.
“Rhodey and I are liaising at 2, and I spar with Natasha at 6,” Tony lists off, “but— you wanna do a late dinner?”
“Thanks, Tony.”
Tony doesn’t argue, just squeezes Steve a little tighter. Steve returns the pressure in kind.
Steve only hums in assent, slowly reaching to extract the tin from Tony’s grip. Tony, on instinct, moves back a little, clutches it closer to his chest.
supposed to be the guy who wanted to curse their marriage? So he’d given in, somewhat reluctantly. Unfortunately, the rest of their invitees were occupying all of the actual guest rooms in the mansion, so Tony had been exiled to what was formerly the servant quarters. It smelled a little like moldy t-shirts, but he supposed this was what Dr. Phil’s was talking about when he said ‘every marriage requires sacrifice’.
“By the power vested in me,” old lady starts, eyes twinkling behind her glasses, “I now pronounce you husband and husband. As Mr. Stark would say — you may now seal the deal.”
“She just never got to know you,” Steve says, looking at Tony over the top of the honest-to-god physical newspaper he insists on getting delivered to the tower, “
Still, Steve considers the question, setting down his pencil for a moment. He looks up at Sunset with a small, cool smile. “I don’t know. Any job that tends to attract honest people,” he once again resists the urge to squirm when he feels Tony’s eyes on him. “Kind people.”
“It’s a running joke around the office,” Margaery from accounting tells him, proudly holding up a Polaroid of Tony mid-sneeze. “GQ sent this framed photo of him for the reception hall, and one night someone replaced it with a printed picture of him laughing so hard he was squirting soda out of his nose. We all just about died from how funny it was. Ever since, the only photos we hang up of Tony are the silliest-looking ones. We just like to tease him.”
“You can’t go to Hawaii tonight, Boss. You have dinner plans with Captain Rogers.”
“Steve,” Tony says, voice firm but gentle. “Can you tell me what happened?”
, argues the intelligent part of his brain.
“Let me take you to Paris next weekend.”
“One of the unfortunate consequences of befriending a Norwegian Prince,” Tony agrees and knocks Steve’s phone out of his hand, presses him up against the kitchen counter, and kisses him until he’s panting curses into the comfortable domestic quiet of the apartment.
He’s midway through his second design of the morning when Peter materializes in the door leading out to the hallway, with MJ and Ned lurking behind him if the faint sound of whispering and shuffling is anything to go off of.
“I’m difficult about everything. That’s why you divorced me.”
And there’s also Steve, Steve,
Tony pauses, considers, then tentatively scoots a little closer to Steve, resting his head on the tight line of Steve’s shoulders. Steve’s still for several moments, but then he returns the pressure, leaning slowly into the touch.
Tony very graciously decides he’s not going to say anything to that. “Why are you still here, Steve?”
“Just let me bleed out, Steve.”
The facility is about an hour and a half away from the farm, so Tony still sees a lot of the kids. He misses Riri the most, but she checks in every few days, either via video messaging or simply turning up on his doorstep to ask for help with the armor. She turned sixteen, recently, so she drives now. She’s not supposed to do it without an adult in the car but she never follows that rule and Tony figures if they’re going to let her pilot a flying suit of armor, they can’t really split hairs over a Toyota. Tony checks over her car engine every time she comes over while Steve distracts her inside with baked goods. She’s more than capable of doing it herself, but it’s good to be certain.
Steve winces. “Well. Mr. MacDonald’s land is mostly his own - I’m just kind of renting the room there. I feed his chickens and take care of the horses sometimes, but he doesn’t really have space for me to plant anything.”
“You’re a futurist, right?” Steve asks, and he tugs Tony closer, so his chest is pressed up right against Steve’s chins. Tony keeps looking at him, lovely dark eyes swirling with sadness and interest in equal measure. “I know what that means now, because you’ve spent at least a hundred breakfasts explaining it to me.” Tony chokes out a wet laugh. “You don’t just predict what’s to come. You shape it. You decide it. So I need you to do that, here, for our lives."
“Because Tony’s the most shitty to people he really cares about,” MJ shrugs. Peter steals the pickle off her plate, wilts a little under her death glare, and takes a small bite before returning it.
(Tony doesn’t know where it comes from, but sometimes it feels like everything in the whole world rests on one of them being right. On there being some sort of resolution.)
The third time is when they’re reading the paper over breakfast.
“Mhm,” Dr. Burford hums.
“No we don’t,” Tony argues, but he realizes with encroaching horror that yes — yes. They do. Despite his initial distaste, Tony does help Steve with the garden. They cook together, at least one meal a day if not two. He accompanies Steve on walks where they take Mr. MacDonald’s seven (SEVEN!) dogs through various trails in woodsy areas. They watch TV together, they read the paper together, they bicker over chores together.
“You’re only saying that ‘cause you don’t
“No.”
Steve still looks kind of scared, but he says it again. “No.”
“I’m not fretting.”
“I bought this,” Tony says, and watches in delight as Steve’s brow furrows even further, and he gets this silly pinched up look on his face like he always does when Tony’s thinking faster than him and he’s annoyed by it. “I bought this entire tract of land.”
So, yeah. That happened. Whatever.
Steve’s grip tightens on the hammer and he actually closes his eyes—squeezes them shut and lines up his shot like he’s a kid at his first baseball game. Amusement rises fast in Tony, and he starts to say “here, I can he—”
Steve feels like absolute shit the next morning.
Tony wordlessly offers him a still-steaming mug. Steve plods towards him, settles in one of the stools at the island, and takes it, bringing it to his chapped lips with a slightly shaking wrist.
Steve pinches his thigh under the table and Tony squirms a little, laughing and batting his hand away. He nearly knocks over his smoothie in the process, but Steve doesn’t presently have the brain power to wonder if that was really an accident.
also big thanks to fernanda for the prompt!! i hope you enjoyed how everything turned out bc you are the sweetest person ever <3
“It’s alright,” Tony confesses, after a minute.
“Coffee?” Tony croaks, opening one eye.
Steve listens to the fading sounds of Pepper’s heels against the hardwood. His heart beats a little faster in his chest, and he absently feels around his pocket for his inhaler. Tony knocks on the door. Steve fumbles a little while opening it.
Steve gets him back just three seconds later.
“That’s pretty good,” Tony says quietly, mouth tipping into a crooked smile. Their eyes lock and Steve feels — an unidentifiable emotion flutter through his chest. And he thinks he’s also blushing, which is so embarrassing that his first instinct is to say something really mean.
“Right. Time for us to drive you home, then.”
“Take off the suit and I’ll consider it,” Steve lies. Tony makes a small noise of frustration against his neck, bites his pulse playfully. Steve’s hands slide into his hair.
He rests a little, too. He’s not very good at it - always bringing a notebook out onto the porch to scribble new ideas into - but it’s nice to lay in the sun for an hour or two, skin soaking up the heat as he sips at an iced coffee. It’s quiet out there, but Tony can fill a silence like no one else - he works with loudly clanging tools, he talks to himself, he talks to his bots, and he pumps his terribly loud and screechy classic rock into the air. Sometimes the quiet is eerie, and sometimes it’s nice, like Tony doesn’t have to strain to hear himself think.
For some reason Tony has this sudden and overwhelming confidence in his ability to do this, to get to know Steve Rogers and to maybe let Steve Rogers get to know him right back. There’s no rational reason he should think that— no real explanation for suddenly desiring something like intimacy when the thought has made his skin crawl for the past six years, but—
“Oh,” Tony says, peering up at Steve curiously.
“You know,” Tony starts, cutting himself off with a yawn. His eyelids feel heavy, and he realizes that he might look even tireder than Steve does. “Lots of people would kill to get a cheek lick from a Foo Fighter. You could stand to be a little less uppity about it.”
“You think she knows what we’re doing when we make her leave the room before we fuck?”
“Hey.”
“Define ‘hang out’,” JARVIS intones.
“So what was the cause?” Tony asks, gently tugging Steve towards the direction of the exit. Steve goes easily, squeezes Tony’s fingers.
And now they hook up every time Tony’s in New York — which is once or twice a month — and they text, and they occasionally talk on the phone, and they’re.. not friends, really, but they’re something. Tony and Steve. Soulmates. Lovers. Forever caught in each other’s orbit.
“Pete?” Tony asks, his mouth twisting into a grimace that’s half annoyed and half reproachful.
Steve adopts a greyhound named Ruby. She is very large and very weird and scared of an innumerable amount of things - the list so far includes doors, things that squeak, Pepper, screwdrivers, oven mitts, the left side of the couch in the sitting room, anything that’s orange, and the sound of soda bottles opening.
“We can stop talking about this, or I can send you home and eat this entire pot of pasta by myself. Your pick.”
“Yes, of course. Promise.”
Tony clutches his sheets to his chest in a manner vaguely reminiscent of a fainting Victorian maiden. "..Hhh....ey...," he says, which, out loud, sounds exactly as dumb as it did in Tony’s head.
Officer Pedesco blanches a little. “Mr. Stark, that’s a lot of—“
Steve didn't even flinch. “I don’t pick up the shield for people just ‘cause we have the same kind of passport.”
So there is the small issue of Steve having vehemently rejected the inheritor of said conglomerate less than two months ago.
“You can come in.”
“Why haven’t you been answering your phone?” MJ says sharply, arms folded over her chest. She doesn’t just look angry, she also looks — scared. Hurt.
Part of the reason it’s back might have to do with the man currently sitting on his work bench right now, peaceably sipping a green smoothie and reading James Baldwin. Tony’s found that he doesn’t mind the noise, that that might actually be the first thing he and Steve have in common.
“No — no that is the worst possible plan. He really, really did not like it the last time I ‘was myself’. Maybe this was a terrible idea — maybe I… maybe I only got one shot and I blew it. Maybe I should just leave.”
“Be quiet and drink your smoothie.”
“That,” Tony says, though he doesn’t even feel the usual shiver of pride that accompanies those words. “And... other things. Remember when I called you? About a week and a half ago?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Keep all the Christmas food in the cereal cabinet.”
Steve braces both his hands on Tony’s shoulders and unceremoniously rolls them over. He then proceeds to smile smugly, like he wasn’t just writhing and panting under Tony moments before.
Arc has recently launched a youth initiative which endeavors to get young people passionate about our work and cause. We’re looking for someone who can help design logos, flyers, and merchandise for our Green Teen Challenge (slated for release in October). We want to create youthful, fun designs that will speak to adolescent interest in environmentalism. This is a completely new initiative for the company so its creative direction would follow your impulses entirely. I’d be the contact person for the project, effectively liaising between your team of interns and our investors.
“Did you do something to Steve? He’s all pink and he made, like, a hundred sugar cookies. He attacked me with them when I came in.” Riri holds up a heart-shaped cookie for evidence.
“Well, sue me for trying to keep our bedroom interesting.”
He walks away with his hands tucked in his pockets, grim satisfaction pulling in his stomach.
“You should really start answering your phone with an iota of professionalism, you know.”
“You— you look happy, though. Is that such a bad thing?”
“Don’t like the sound?” he asks, unfazed as he leans against the doorway. He’s effortlessly handsome - all dark skin, straight teeth, and perfectly placed dimples. Tony has a stray thought about the stability of his marriage that he doesn’t entirely regret.
“I don’t know what I’m doing, I’m drunk,” Tony repeats. It’s a catch-all, and it comes with the added bonus of being short, succinct. Tony doesn’t trust himself to say more, right now, because saying more would mean he’d have to think about it more, and he’s pretty actively avoiding that at the moment. And Steve is blessed with super-sobriety, right? So he doesn’t know anything about being wasted. He should accept Tony’s explanation and promptly fuck off. “I’m going back downstairs.”
“—I forgive you,” Tony interrupts, wrapping his arms more solidly around Steve’s neck. He can’t let that carefully fixed distance push its way back between them. At least not yet - not when Steve looks so sweet, lips kiss-bitten, hair mussed, cheeks red. “And I want this. I’ve thought about it.”
He’s about to pull up the app when several things happen in quick, seemingly instinctual succession: Steve braces a hand on Tony’s shoulder and leans to his height. Tony instinctively turns towards him and smiles. Steve presses their lips together, a pleasant, sweet pressure.
“Brooklyn is weird,” Tony says sagely, taking a generous bite of cheesy bread.
Natasha offers him a smile, small and sharp in a way that makes the hairs stand up on the back of Tony's neck. "No time like the present."
“—you started picking fights. You started finding things to hate about me.” Rhodey shakes his head, mouth settling into a vaguely rueful smile. The effect is only slightly lessened by the fact he has a little whipped cream on his nose. “I knew what you were doing so I didn’t let it bother me. I just tried to show you I was sticking around, and eventually you seemed to realize that, and you stopped.”
“You know, I actually don’t think he needs to be sober to get things done.”
“Steve,” Tony interrupts, although, it is extremely hilarious that Old MacDonald has a farm and he will be capitalizing on that irony in his phone call to Pepper this weekend, “you cannot stay in the town that I’m staying in. That - it defeats the point of me buying this place with the express purpose of getting some much-needed solitude.”
And then Tony Stark makes an appearance.
“You don’t have to do anything,” Steve tells him, “I’ll plant the stuff and take care of it.”
Tony eyes him curiously. There’s something so focused and attentive about him today, like for the first time since they’ve met he’s actually 100% present for a conversation. It takes Steve a while to realize that it’s the only time they’ve ever spoken while Tony’s completely sober.
Steve sets his wine glass down on the bar, thinking if he holds it any longer his grip might actually shatter the thing. It’s then that Viz glances up with this slightly concerned look on his face, but Steve excuses himself before he has the chance to say anything.
He’s still gripping the extinguisher when Steve appears in the entryway of the workshop, arm in a sling, a fucking beard covering the lower half of his face. His hair is also — darker. And long. He’s leaning against the doorjamb, resting his head against the frame, looking at Tony with this sweet, tired smile. That expression quickly devolves into alarm as Tony charges at him, throws his arms around Steve’s shoulders and squeezes so tight Steve lets out a light grunt in pain.
Tony offers a halting nod, even though he isn’t sure he knows that at all.
Steve’s brows only draw further together, jaw tightening in tandem. “You’re drunk,” he repeats, voice dark and disapproving.
Steve doesn’t react to that beyond taking an idle sip of his ginger ale. Tony thinks ‘he doesn’t drink’ and abruptly realizes he has no way of knowing if that’s true.
“Yeah,” Tony says, running a hand through Steve’s hair. “Yeah, we can do fireworks.”
Tony blinks a couple times. “Lean closer.”
Tony stands at the edge of the rooftop, looks down at the city he’s saved a dozen times over, and remembers to breathe.
“Not a lot of people are comfortable enough to have fun with him like that, in New York. I think he gets lonely there, sometimes.”
Even though everyone refuses to give him direct confirmation, it’s so infuriatingly obvious that it can’t be the work of anyone but Tony. It reeks of his particular brand of benevolent yet emotionally-stunted idiocy.
“God, I sound like somebody’s dad. This is actually probably a good place to wrap it up. I guess I just wanted to say — I’m sorry. For this whole mess. And I’m not going to bother you with this stuff again. —And I, um. Hope everything goes well for you. In general. In the future. Okay, signing off, now.
Tony braces his hands on Steve’s chest as if to push him away, but then his drunk brain registers the feeling of Steve pressed against him as
The next few months bring about a dramatic though not altogether unwarranted reshuffling of Steve’s life.
“Everybody fails sometimes,” Steve shrugs, setting down his fork, “doesn’t mean you didn’t do things right, too.”
There’s nothing erotic about it, really. Tony just wants to lay on his chest until he’s not sad anymore. Steve always said he felt a little bit better about the whole world, when Tony was laying on his chest.
It sounds doable.
“—Maybe this conversation would be easier if we had some clothes on!”
Steve would help, but he just thinks he’s doing a better job from the supervision side of things. He doesn't want to interfere with Tony's process. Mechanics can get so
“Ow,” Steve says, but he’s still smiling, even if it’s tinged with a little uncertainty, “What’s wrong?”
Steve puts his hands over Ruby’s ears, scandalized.
“I’m sorry, Honeybear, I know that’s been a long time fantasy of yours,” Tony pulls back to wink at him, pairing the gesture with a quick pinch Rhodey’s butt. Rhodey looks very affronted by this even though decades of friendship should have taught him to expect it.
“You didn’t answer me,” Tony accuses.
“How can there be fires,” Tony yawns, arms tightening minutely around Steve’s narrow waist. “There’s so much snow.”
Tony waits for a response and the moment stretches long, lost in the hazy warm air of the bathroom. The vague floral scent of the tub is stronger as Tony tips his head to the side, but it’s not enough to distract from the fact that Steve is suspiciously silent.
, wait, okay. Yes. There is.”
“That just looks like 6 slightly differently sized exclamation points,” he says, brow furrowed in patriotic confusion. His profile is so handsome. This observation is accompanied by a funny feeling in the pit of his stomach, but Tony wants to rub his face on Steve’s face about 90% of the time these days, so that’s easily brushed aside slash repressed along with his three thousand other inappropriate issues.
“You’re going to traumatize her.”
Tony looks down at his knees, fingers curling in the sand. Steve used to do that kind of thing all the time - say stuff, unassuming, beautiful stuff that never failed to take Tony’s breath away. Tony can’t think of what to offer in response, but he knows he’ll be wondering what it all means into the early hours of tomorrow morning.
“I believe you’ve already cost me far too much money over the years.”
There are three video feeds. The first one features Brock bullying some of the younger interns at the company, the second one is Brock using what looks like excessive and unnecessary force to take down a girl covered head to toe in Tony Stark paraphernalia, and the third is Brock shaking Howard Stark’s hand with the smuggest, smarmiest look on his face.
“So are you actually… growing anything?”
Steve, who has his head in Tony’s lap, eyes him suspiciously. “And you are not getting married in Mark-42. We’re wearing real suits. —Well, you can wear a dress if you want, but I’m wearing a suit.”
Tony doesn’t respond, just stares at his toes and tries to remember how to breathe at a pace most humans would deem normal. He has the distant thought that he should give Steve a thumbs up or something, but it’s lost, lost like everything else is in the crushing vacuum of space.
“Not even if I promise I won’t make a pass at you?”
Steve momentarily looks up from the drawing on his laptop and rubs a soothing circle on Sam’s back. He thinks Sam’s probably less annoyed by so many of their friends getting married and more annoyed by the fact he’s been working back to back shifts at the hospital all week.
“If you say so,” Steve responds skeptically, drumming his fingers against his wine glass.
And that just— that just gets to Tony, wriggles underneath his skin and sets his teeth on edge in a way nothing else they’ve discussed this evening has managed to. He carefully sets down his grilled cheese and wipes at his mouth with a paper towel.
Steve gives him this faux-dumb-blonde smile, like
He makes a mental note to talk to Pepper about access to Steve’s calendar.
“Yes,” Tony agrees, sitting up and reaching into his back pocket for his cell phone. “But I also want to lick you.”
Tony tries not to laugh, but Steve has a sixth sense that alerts him whenever Tony’s making fun of him, so he picks up on it anyways. He looks up with questioning blue eyes.
“I’m just asking,” Steve says primly, fingers moving deftly along the (somewhat normal-looking) scarf he’s knitting, “you own a farm, it’s a reasonable question.”
The tilt of her brow just begs the woman to question her ludicrous tale.
“I know,” Tony says gently. And, fuck, is he crying a little? His eyes feel suspiciously wet as Pepper presses the ring into
“You watched cartoons for four hours yesterday.”
He exchanges cordial goodbyes with Ms. Williams and waves at Riri, who sticks her tongue out at him in response. When he gets back to the car, he sits in the back seat with Pepper and holds her hand the whole way home.
Tony grins.
“I don’t know,” Tony ducks his head to hide his smile and shrugs. “Maybe he read something upsetting about anti-vaxxers. Come look at my sentient bird feeder.”
Steve, despite being high enough that he forgot his own middle name a half hour ago, breaks out into a cheesy smile, cheeks flushing pink. “When you bought the…” he starts laughing a little, and, Jesus, he’s beautiful, “
“Geez,” he mutters, brushing a light kiss on Tony’s hair. “For me it’s been a week and a half, but Richards said back here I was barely gone for half a day. Was it longer?”
“Uh-huh,” Sam sounds skeptical, and Steve briefly envisions him rolling his eyes. “Listen, Steve, this sounds like an amazing opportunity. Stark’s in Malibu, you’re in San Diego, and Natasha is in Santa Barbara! Stark is easily avoided and you and Nat can spend weekends together. Don’t overthink it.”
Clint has apparently trained himself to sleep with his eyes open. Now that Fury can’t actually see him, he’s abandoned all pretense and is snoozing openly on the couch, a line of drool hanging from the corner of his mouth. As he sleeps, Natasha paints the nails on his left hand 5 different colors. Bruce always gave the impression he was following the powerpoint on his tablet, but he’s actually just reading unrelated scientific journals on his tablet.
sounded like a… problem. A personal problem. Steve stalls momentarily, and, against his better judgment, wonders if maybe this isn’t the best time for a confrontation. “I mean,” he works his jaw, fingers curling tightly around the keys in his pocket, “do you need a ride home? Do you need me to call someone?”
“Oh, well. Kind of. My colorist is out of town and I sort of dropped the ball on asking the new PA to set up a replacement appointment.” Tony fluffs his own hair a little anxiously. “So I suppose I look... older.”
Things get easier. They don’t go away, but they get easier. And his repertoire of Things expands, too, so it’s not just self-loathing and light alcoholism 24/7, which has been the Tony Stark Agenda for perhaps a smidge too long, if Dr. Burford’s knowing looks are anything to go by. Now Tony has Shawarma with the team and speaking at MIT commencement and making a point to see Rhodes every week and beating his terrible brain with a stick because it turns out he
Tony doesn’t even bother with a deadpan ‘uh-huh’.
“Steve’s training America!”
And then in the same month, Obadiah Stane was arrested for embezzling funds from Stark Industries and Steve’s best friend got in a car accident that cost him his arm.
“—Anyways. I’m calling because I want you to come over for breakfast. And I want you to bring me a fresh pair of clothes, underwear, and some perfume. I bought a twelve-pack from the convenience store, but they’re all granny panties so they’re not even remotely date-approved.”
Thank you,
The ambient sounds of Brooklyn rise up to meet the silence between them— thudding footsteps, rushing cars, drunken laughter. The world seems to tilt a little, and Tony wants to kiss Steve so bad it hurts, but there’s a voice in his head saying:
Sam has a cool expression on his features as he appraises Tony, staring at him with distrusting, narrowed eyes and a mouth pressed into a flat line. “Thanks, Stark,” he says carefully, though he looks loathe to concede the words.
“I don’t know,” Steve shrugs, wrapping his arms around Tony’s waist and hooking his chin over Tony’s shoulder. “You, maybe.”
Admittedly, it had been a lot more effective before Siberia. Though they’ve mostly forgiven each other, Tony gets these flashes of anger from time to time, these moments of pure frustration at Steve for not being able to see the wider picture, the one that had been building in his head since the first time he saw Thanos during the fight against the Chitauri in Manhattan.
He approaches his front door with tired eyes and tireder hands, carefully pushing the key into the lock and tugging it open.
The confusion on Steve's face seems to settle into intense skepticism. “Tony, please. You couldn’t possibly have been serious in either of those circumstances.”
Tony’s distracted again, ‘cause everyone starts standing up, and then he thinks
Tony pokes his head out of the bathroom, and the sight of Steve with bare feet and low-slinging sweatpants is so perfectly domestic that it makes him want to jump out of a window. It takes him a probably noticeable amount of time to finally say, “Yes, beloved?’
Incredible, is the only word that comes to mind.
“You’re building me a house,” Steve echoes.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You can work out of New York?” Steve asks, voice traitorously hopeful.
Steve can’t look at Tony for a second, and he lamely takes another sip of water to avoid saying anything even as his grip on Tony’s hand tightens considerably.
“Jesus,” Tony makes a small noise of surprise, though his hand immediately comes to rest at the nape of Steve’s neck. “Not even a hello first? What has gotten into you?”
Tony doesn’t hesitate. He rises up off his knees and draws Steve close by his neck, gathering him against the warmth of his body. Steve presses his face into the silky fabric of Tony’s pajamas, wraps his arms around Tony’s lower back, and holds tight.
He’s expecting Riri so he’s been in the shop all morning, and the second he stops working he's hit with a backlog of exhaustion. Even with the quiet, he doesn’t sleep so well, only two or three hours a night. It’s the kind of thing that’s not really sustainable now that he’s no longer in his twenties.
Steve snorts. “No, I’m pretty sure I didn’t. I believe his first words about me were—“
—But he’s going to stop that. Next year. Self-restraint and all.
“I’m not saying I don’t like it,” Tony murmurs, tugging gently at the soft, floppy strands, “I’m just saying you look a little like someone who lives in one of those shady Brooklyn alleyways that always smells like pee.”
And then Tony— well, he has some sort of stroke, probably, that’s really the only logical explanation for the… for the cooking. Which he can’t stop once he starts, he’s pulling ingredients out of the fridge and he’s making pasta and he’s telling Friday to have someone deliver him pasta sauce because he’s a fucking billionaire whose never had to learn how to make it from scratch.
Except.
don’t want to go back downstairs,” Steve interjects, pivoting strategies so fast it nearly gives Tony whiplash. He looks far too proud of himself for having thought of it, and Tony, eye twitching, briefly considers pushing him off the roof.
Steve flips him off, but the gesture probably doesn’t seem particularly threatening since he can’t help the laughter that rises in him, shoulders shaking with it. Tony winks at him then promptly loses his balance on the exercise ball and falls on his face. That only makes Steve laugh more.
“No more brownies,” Tony sighs in agreement, and falls back asleep to the sounds of Steve getting ready for work.
“Yes, sir.”
“I’m not telling you about my date,” Rhodey’s voice is firm, but there’s telltale amusement on his features, smile lines creasing around his eyes.
Steve scowls at the ultimatum, and it dimly registers that if they’d had this argument five years ago, they’d probably be having angry-work-through-your-feelings sex right now. In lieu of that, they eat dinner in complete silence and trade glares from opposite ends of the table. It only adds to Tony’s anger that the pasta is so fucking good. They wash the dishes side by side, Steve scrubbing and Tony drying. Maybe, Tony thinks, the key to domestic bliss is a constant undercurrent of tense anger lingering from world-security-threatening fights of several years’ past. He’ll text Martha Stewart about it later.
Tony turns around properly, folding his arms over his edge as a sort of defensive meanness rises in his voice. “And how did you come to that conclusion?”
They sit on opposite ends of the dining table glaring at each other in a way Pepper would probably call “petulant” and
Two and a half hours later they are painfully sober and sitting on the floor of Steve’s kitchen in their underwear.
Tony laughs a little, then the light in his eyes dims, replaced with a kind of stormy doubt that Steve wants to banish to the depths of hell forever and ever. “I’m kind of a fuck-up, Steve,” he starts, and Steve’s grip around his neck tightens protectively. “The company is— it’s a mess, I’m still figuring everything out. I’m gonna lose so much money, transitioning completely like I have been. I might have to sell the tower, the lab, I might fail completely—“
We would require a 3-month commitment, and we would like you to work out of our San Francisco facility. Arc is happy to cover the costs of a temporary move and provide accommodations. Please see the attached document for additional details regarding compensation.
But he’s incapable of saying no to anyone, so he agrees to a dance, then another dance, then another, enduring Phil’s awkwardly intense flirting all the while. He keeps looking for Brock, but Natasha takes a break from stroking Rhodes’ biceps to tell him that she chatted up a couple of his friends, and, apparently, Brock couldn’t make it and probably would’ve been more inclined to make it if the party hadn’t been hosted at Tony Stark’s house. Steve grimaces and sighs, but doesn’t have too much time to think about it anyways, because Phil’s popped up by his side again, commandeering him for yet another horribly long remix.
“If I don’t call Bucky, he’ll stab
“Yeah,” Sam confirms. The oven goes off and he moves rapidly back into the kitchen, Bucky trailing behind him like an excited puppy. “He’s in the tabloids ‘cause he parties a lot.”
Steve looks sad and resigned and a million other things he shouldn’t look on Valentine’s Day.
He looks back at Tony, who, funnily enough, represents the same kind of thing.
“I think we’re sometimes going to fight like this,” Steve says, and he really does reach out this time, placing a tentative hand on Tony’s ankle. “But I still think it’s worth it, Tony. I think I’d go through anything, if it meant I got to be with you.”
“No,” Rhodey says again, shaking his head, “just—no.” Something strains in his voice, something that makes Tony’s immediate retort wilt on his tongue. Rhodey’s eyes snap closed, he shakes his head, and he takes a steadying breath that quivers just slightly on the inhale. When looks at Tony again, his expression seals over with a kind of resolute determination.
“Bucky has a Google alert for every rich eligible bachelor under 30 in Manhattan.”
“How do you have time for this?” Steve asks, dipping a french fry into Tony’s shake and taking a delicate bite off the tip.
“I’m going to find you a woman,” Tony declares, breaking the warm, gentle silence in the worst way possible. Practically an instinct, at this point.
his speakers scream.
It’s probably fine if he just walks in, right? He isn’t wearing open-toe shoes. He isn’t eating. Those are the extent of the lab rules he remembers from middle school, but he’s following them both, so he makes the executive decision to just… go for it.
It’s beautiful. Tony wonders if it’ll still be snowing during the ceremony. He imagines Sam and Bucky shoving handfuls of it down each other’s shirts, Rhodey giving Pepper his suit jacket, and snowflakes sticking to Steve’s eyelashes.
“Should I call Bucky?” Steve asks, wringing his hands nervously. “This looks bad, I feel like I should call Bucky.”
Steve makes the first move, clumsy and unprepared, their mouths coming together in an ungainly press that nearly throws Tony’s balance. Tony makes a sound of surprise against his mouth, but that quickly fades into something else as Steve’s arm circles around his waist, palm a comforting warmth at the small of Tony’s back.
“No livestock, Steve,” Tony says sternly. Steve is washing his hands under the water pump attached to the back of the house. Tony’s eyes glimmer with interest as he gets his jeans and his stomach wet in the process. “I mean it. No bees either.”
Steve comes home from work the next day to see Bucky tucked up against Sam on the couch, watching the soothing nature channel under a pile of blankets. The kitchen is an absolute wreck, which means Sam has been stress baking at night-before-MCAT levels of intensity. Sitting on the coffee table is a truly ominous mountain of Snickerdoodles.
It’s manageable. It’s more manageable than Tony ever thought it could be.
So life isn’t
They’re both supposed to be writing mission reports, but they spend there rest of the evening lying on the couch, talking to each other about absolutely nothing and cooing at Ruby in soft voices. And, for a minute, Tony’s entire world is the sound of the rain pattering at the window, the smell of Steve’s cologne against his couch cushions, and the slightly bony weight of their dog in his lap. It's hard to imagine things ever getting better.
In any case, Steve climbs clumsily into the basin, fully clothed as he settles against the rounded floor. Then he looks up at Tony with expectant blue eyes, like he somehow expects him to do the same thing.
“Tony,” Steve interjects carefully.
“Your place was closer, I’m sorry,” Steve looks pained, glancing down at Sam with worried eyes. "Do you have a First Aid kid?"
“I don’t think we should go back down there,” Steve says, this time with a little more conviction. “You— you obviously didn’t like it.”
First it’s America - yeah, her name is actually America, Tony asked four times before she mildly threatened to punch him through a window and he decided to believe her. Tony thinks Steve adopted her. Or maybe she adopted Steve. The details of the arrangement are unclear, and when Tony asked about it, Steve supplied a very weird origin story.
“You need help, Tony,” she tells him. She runs her hand through his hair, presses warm kisses along his forehead. His eyes close against tears.
“Please?”
Tony glances around the empty restaurant and appears to be fighting a smile as he leans forward to take hold of Steve’s hand. “Listen to me,” he says, eyes wide and intense enough to make Steve sit up a little straighter in his seat. “I would go anywhere with you. I could be at the playboy mansion on superhero night with several scantily clad models clinging to my armor, and I’d still rather be— I don’t know, what’s the most boring thing we do? Grocery shopping? I’d still rather be grocery shopping with you.”
Steve laughs, and proceeds to draw it out for another thousand years. By the time Tony finally comes, he doesn’t have the energy to marry anyone, and promptly conks the hell out in the safety of his boyfriends’ giant arms.
“Honeybear, you didn’t tell me we were entertaining,” he muses, shrugging off his suit jacket and throwing it haphazardly over one of the ugly modern couches. He pours himself a glass of scotch. Steve glances at his phone - the time reads 2:13.
“Je ne connais que le français,” Steve says idly, picking at a loose thread on the cuff of his skinny jeans and watching Tony very earnestly try to shove a round piece into a star-shaped hole. Tony has stripped off his button-down and is maneuvering large pieces of furniture in a fitted black tank top that leaves very little to the imagination. Over the last half hour, a light sheen of sweat appeared along the dips of his biceps.
“Husband,” he teases, leaning up to nip at Steve’s nose.
Steve has a feeling this is going to be a very good year.
“childish”, before Tony decides he’s going to be more mature than his nonagenarian boyfriend, and go down to the workshop to get something productive done.
Steve doesn’t say anything for a second, instead directing that faint smile at his napkin. He’s so gorgeous it makes Tony’s teeth ache.
First, they’d had lunch, and lunch was fine because it was just Natasha, Rhodes, and Tony’s friend Sunset, who looked a little like a succubus but appeared to have no intention of seducing Steve, so he figured she posed no notable threat. After lunch things took a turn when Steve tried to make his escape, and Natasha had gripped his hand a little too tightly under the table, proceeding to draw him into sitting room to partake in The Conversation That Would Never End, wherein Steve’s most significant contributions were 1) commenting on the weather, 2) displaying his woefully inadequate knowledge about the Manhattan club scene, and 3) washing the dishes while everyone two rooms away talked about a TV show he’d never heard of.
He shows up on Tony’s doorstep again the next morning, armed with muffins instead of a flimsy alibi.
“This is you,” Tony echoes, glancing at the four inches of concrete between them, then back up again.
“He did. Bucky says they’re very potent.”
“I know,” he croaks, but he doesn’t know who can help him, really.
The annoyance is surmountable. The fear— the fear is paralyzing; he can’t even turn past the cover page, he can't even breathe, really.
Try as he might, he still can’t fight through the six layers of apathy between his fear and the will to actually do something. It leaves a bad taste in his mouth, and that’s not just from the sour post-taco-night morning breath.
“Well—“ he says, finally, and Tony raises an eyebrow.
kissing Steve, so he tilts his head, places a hand on Steve’s cheek, and does just that.
,” Tony says. He hasn’t touched his pasta. The fork is just kind of there in his hand, like he’s forgotten he’s even holding it. Steve looks at him again.
Tony’s tongue is heavy and sluggish from orgasm, from watching Steve come like that, but that nasty, pestering phantom taste is still there on the back of it. He doesn’t feel as bad as he should when he shakes his head and replies, “Still itching.”
“So,” he says, “Going by your poleaxed expression I take it you weren’t expecting me.”
“Not much,” Steve replies, easygoing, like having this conversation isn’t the last thing he wants to be doing this morning. Tony knows deep down that this is just Steve playing nice, doing his best to mend fences for the sake of the team. If possible, the knowledge just makes Tony feel worse, which he didn’t think was possible. “I’ve been working on putting together intel on possible new recruits, like we discussed. Want to take a look?”
“That’s right, big boy,” Tony hums, fucking Steve’s cock between his hands slow and twisting and long, “two can play at this game.”
As it is, though, the only response to that perfect setup of a comment Tony can muster is a distressed whimper of exhaustion, which he muffles against his palms. He knows he should wash them, given the number of other people’s hands he shook tonight, and he’d meant to the moment he’d trudged into the kitchen, but at the first sight of the doublewide refrigerator, Tony’s mind was hyper-focused on acquiring and inhaling Clint’s food.
Blessed silence envelopes them as soon as the doors close. When they reach the elevator, Tony drops his hand. In a flash, Steve reaches out and takes it before Tony can shove it back in his pocket. He looks past the fiery shield of Tony’s sunglasses directly into the man’s eyes, which are widening the longer Steve touches him.
“Let’s see your battlefield commission and then we’ll talk rank,
, Tony reminds himself.
“Fess up, Rogers.”
After Siberia, Steve spent most nights awake, standing on balconies and rooftops just holding the flip phone and thinking back to those earlier days with the kind of bitterly pitiful regret of the truly stupid: of course he’d been infatuated, back then. Of course he’d run away from the very thought. There’d been Pepper, obviously, and it was
, so much, holy shit, filling Tony up just like he promised he would. It’s hot and slick and so much, breathtaking, and Tony wants it all, grinding his ass back against Steve’s hips to keep him there, inside, until it’s all out. Steve slides a hand under Tony’s stomach and holds him even closer, if that’s possible, pressing them both down into the mattress as Steve’s orgasm pummels him, makes him shoot all over Tony’s stretched and gaping insides until Tony can feel it sliding around inside of him. And all the while Steve holds him, kisses whatever skin that’s closest to his lips, tells him how good he is, how hot he is inside, how sweet he is to let Steve fill him up like this, calling him things like
t-shirt is singed but mostly whole, and Steve wants to linger on that detail, except he can’t.
“I mean it, Steve. Go upstairs and ask him what that’s about.”
The feeling he couldn’t name—dread. He was
“I doubt it,” Tony replies evenly. “I’ll probably just pass out.”
He’s spent the past ten years and change like this—halved by a love that makes him feel whole, which is an equation that shouldn’t work, but does, because Tony’s math is always right—so what’s one more night? In the grand scheme of things, not much, and every second of it is more than Tony could have ever hoped for.
He comes up with a magnet the size of a dime.
“More than I’ve ever been.”
Tony had looked out over the city, not gloating or smug the way Steve had assumed he would be when they first met and Steve learned billionaires were a thing that existed—quite prevalently—in the 21st century, but wistfully, like he couldn’t believe he had the view at all.
, a little voice reminds him. It sounds remarkably like JARVIS. Steve deserves happiness. It’s why Tony let him go. After their heavy-duty pillow talk (and another memorable round of lovemaking, with Tony taking the reins and fucking Steve on his stomach through the mattress until he was crying and begging for release), he’d asked for a little more time to work through his issues. Steve, ever the patient boyfriend, had granted it to him. Tony had offered up moving in together as a compromise, which had thrilled Steve endlessly. But when two weeks became a month, and a month became two, and Steve’s mood only soured further and further until every conversation became an argument and every argument ended in slammed doors and heavy silence, it became clear to Tony that this wasn’t an issue he was going to be able to work through in time to keep Steve, keep him happy, keep him
“Sorry,” he says with a chuckle in an attempt to diffuse tension, “but that stuff is ridiculously good.” Steve’s really glad he didn’t wear the tie now, given how hot under the collar he feels all of a sudden. Tony’s looked at him a lot of ways, but never like that—like the only thing stopping him from launching himself across the table at Steve is the table, itself. “I can see why you’re always raving about it.”
Steve is rubbing his thumbs against Tony’s cheeks, eyes closed, but Tony can’t look away. He just went a whole week without this face and now he’s going to look his fill. He reaches under Steve’s jacket and rubs his back, gentling him closer until they’re flush against each other from chest to thigh.
“Cap!”
of love, not
Finally,
, standing there in the place where Nat died.
. “I want to forget, for two seconds, that a bunch of our friends died recently, and razed our
Steve moves forward, curious and worried in equal measure. Bruce is hot on his heels.
wants it, has wanted it, wanted
Unfortunately for both of them, Tony can still think straight.
thrusts that Tony can feel all the way in his
Steve is everywhere at once, holding him and pinning him and kissing him until Tony doesn’t know which end is up or who is who. He moans brokenly into Steve’s hot, greedy mouth as he comes, shuddering, in his pants, warm wetness soothing the aching length of his cock. Later he’ll have the good sense to feel some degree of shame, but in the moment there’s nothing for Tony to think about past the heat of Steve all up and down his front and between his legs and against his ass. He feels charged, tingling head to toe like a cable throwing off sparks; it’s impossible to even open his eyes long enough to watch Steve come, too, but he feels the damp spread against the front of his ruined jeans and the soft, choked-off noise Steve presses against his mouth like a prayer.
Steve looks—he looks so fucking gone already, Tony thinks, flushed and panting, staring at Tony’s mouth, his chest, their hands moving on his cock, like
“I—well, shit, what is any drunk looking for?” Tony bites out, a little more harshly than he intended, but it’s not like Steve’s plucking at a particularly
Tony’s mouth is conspicuously dry.
, but it's Tony and Steve’s just that gone on him.
it's no wonder he doubts.
“Steve?”
Steve gives him that little smirk and says, “Maybe I want to.” Tony scoffs, flicking one of the shoulders in question for good measure.
Fucking
“Nice move, Cap—Sharon teach you that one?” he says breathlessly, laughing. He doesn’t expect the smart, sharp smack to the ass he gets in response, but
And no one—not even Tony—will know if Steve indulges himself by pretending, if only for a minute or two, that this actually
that he wasn't worth the effort of loving. that he would never be loved for anything other than the black credit card in his wallet, the cars in his garage, the houses and the private jets and the clothes and the money and the things he invented—the things he
is the thing Tony was literally born to do (according to Howard). Swanning into an outrageously festooned midtown ballroom right into a swarm of glitterati—whose names he knows, whose husbands and wives and children he asks after, but who don’t love him past the number of zeroes he can add to a check—is old hat. He could do it in his sleep, backwards.
as he tries to pull away.
“Augh, fuck.”
“It’s not exactly a priority anymore, no.”
Steve rests his thumb against the end point of Tony’s beard and smiles.
It’s a gut-wrenchingly unlikely scenario that Tony has nonetheless run and re-run in his mind a thousand times, like HUD footage after a battle to calculate his own weak spots.
“I want you to tell me,” Steve replies.
But before Tony can scamper off, Steve steps back into the hall and pivots crisply on his heel to face him. Tony gawps, wordless, as Steve looks him up and down through the pristine glass with a burning look and a knowing smile that screams
Tony can feel Steve’s come frothing around his hole as Steve fucks in and out of him, slow and leisurely, all that spunk smoothing the way for Steve’s bulging cockhead to spread and press against his hole before he slides all the way in to the root, filling Tony with the whole massive length of him in a single thrust that tears a broken wail from Tony’s throat, squeezes more tears from his hazy, unfocused eyes.
Steve tells himself he shouldn’t be surprised or disappointed when Tony pulls away, breaking Steve’s hold without effort. The deed is done. He almost wants to crack the joke,
Tony takes that same finger and lifts Steve’s chin with it. “I’m sorry,” he says heavily, staring straight into Steve’s wide, unblinking eyes. “I owe you a week’s worth of make outs and dates. If you’ll still have me.”
“’Course,” Tony replies, shifting aside to let Steve in. Even Steve looks tired after days of relentless action, ups and downs and everything in between—he looks hopeful, tired and harried, and a little lost, but there’s an undercurrent of something behind his eyes that makes the hairs stand up on the back of Tony’s neck. Steve’s always had issues with adrenaline after long battles, Tony remembers; he’s probably wondering where the heavy bags are.
Steve, in a faint, questioning voice, speaks first.
“How did I get here?”
“It’ll be fine!” Peter insists.
therapy?”
However, he quickly runs into a very different kind of impediment — after further research into ‘Arc Technologies’, he discovers that, while the company is a completely legitimate operation, it is one of the 32 organizations under the management of the Stark Industries Conglomerate.
he thinks, and that word’s almost always his reaction to a person so hot, but this feels markedly different.
