The angel was unresponsive through the outburst, his expression impossible to read before his eyes fell to the coffee pot and mug in his hands. With a curt little sigh of impatience, he slid the full cup across the counter toward the hunter and replaced the pot on the warmer. Then, before the hunter’s stunned eyes, he added a bit of heavy cream and a dash of cinnamon to rich smelling liquid.
He allowed the image of the sleeping Cas to come back to him, but the details had changed just slightly. In this heat, Dean imagined the white dress shirt sweat-damp and clinging to the angel's torso expanding and relaxing in the even rhythm of sleep. He imagined unruly dark hair tousled from the open windows and dark lashes trembling against heat-flushed cheeks, supple chapped lips parting just slightly around soft sighs and hums as he dreamed.
Now that he was vertical, Dean cautiously made his way over to the window, drawing the sheer curtains back to better assess the area outside. If he hadn’t been so amped up on not knowing where he was, the sight would have been beautiful; a mountainous coniferous landscape laden with heavy mist. Even the rolling grey sky above didn’t seem to diminish the view. It was so close to peaceful Dean toyed with the notion that he’d been sucked into another Jinn induced fantasy.
“Cas just hold on a second.” He said, “We’ve got to think about this. Even if it does work, it’s a one way street.”
“It will allow you to pass through the portal without disintegrating on a molecular level.” The girl informed them.
The younger hunter shook his shaggy head with a sigh. “No, not yet. The library's stock of angel lore is pretty sparse. Most of it is actually notes I’ve taken myself over the years. I’ve been making my way through the books that I did find though, and there’s a few capsuled scrolls written in what I’m pretty sure is ancient Canaanite that might be promising but translating a dead language is slow going.”
The younger Winchester was dazed enough not to comment on the name. He squinted in the impossible brightness of the hallway but eventually was able to focus on his brother and Cas. “I think I’m good?” He replied, shaking his head briefly, “Cas was right. It was definitely uncomfortable.”
" She drawled in what was clearly mock concern. "God forbid she were to get faint without Evan there to fan her with a handkerchief."
The hunter inhaled sharply as the fingers resting near his navel skimmed just under the waistband of his boxers.
“You boys ought to think of things like that before you split up.” Briggs advised sagely, but he nodded all the same. “I’ll have it drawn up and put in the case file ready to go when you get back from the coroner’s office”
However, in the next blink, the light was humming once again at full brightness, illuminating the area as completely as if nothing had changed. Dean ran a hand over his face once before glaring hard at the end of the hallway, searching for anything that could be considered out of place. When nothing else happened after a full minute, he chalked it up to frayed nerves and exhaustion. All at once, he felt his earlier arousal fueled energy wane and his entire body sagged. With one last cursory glance around the hall, he stepped back into his room and shut the door with a quiet click.
The hunter stilled his pacing and swallowed around the lump of anticipation in his throat. “Yeah.” He replied in a low gentle tone, as though he didn’t want anyone to overhear, “Yeah I did. Still do.”
“I’m sorry.” The angel apologized quickly. “I know how much you hate it, but please understand I simply want to make sure that you’re alright.”
The bite in the words not only surprised him but put him on high alert. It felt similar to being under control in the shower, his mouth and voice being utilized like his body had been.
Only after the words left his mouth did Dean realize what he said. Cas simply peered at him with those bottomless ocean eyes, his head falling just a fraction to the side; intent and searching.
Along with being one of way too many memories Dean had of his own death--really it was starting to become a problem--his brief stint in Heaven had been a catalyst to a whole cascade of emotions and realizations which had left him wounded beyond the buckshot he'd taken in the chest to get there. While his injuries had long since been healed, leaving no trace of that instance of death on his body, the damage to his heart and mind had left a scar that ached even now, so many years later. Running for his life from fanatical angels who wanted his meat suit to fulfill a world-ending prophecy, reliving invasively personal moments from a life he barely remembered and let’s not forget discovering that one of his brother’s heavenly paradise moments had been walking out on his family--on Dean himself.
It took him a full second to process that Cas had spoken out loud. His mind felt fuzzy and muffled like cotton had been stuffed between his ears. His eyes seemed to lag as they rose up only to get lost in the depths of ocean blue as Cas sat up and half turned on the bench seat to look at his friend directly, concern written plainly across his face.
The angel was trembling beneath his hands, his face pressed into the hunter’s hip with one hand holding the rag against his waist line where the majority of the coffee had splashed him and the other balled tightly into the fabric on the back of his shirt. His grip at once held him closer and kept him from backing away.
Castiel was on him a moment later, tears already falling, and the frantically whispered litany of, “No no no no no no,” under his breath.
The possibilities were endless and caught up as he was, Cas didn’t notice movement in the room until it was too late.
Castiel’s brows drew down in anticipation, but he followed without a word. As they approached the sigil, Castiel became aware of a familiar energy signature which identified another kindred grace. Another angel. A cursory glance around the immediate area revealed no one other than the escort and himself. His own energy stretched out to examine it but the moment contact was made, his grace recoiled in pain before collapsing into his core. He inhaled sharply, his entire body going rigid. Something was grotesquely wrong with this energy source. When finally, the three angels came to a halt before the large sigil, he peered down at the unfamiliar symbols with an expression he trained carefully blank despite the horror slowly creeping up his spine.
“You specified that Hastings was the location of the first death, but you said earlier that the cases were scattered from here to Kansas. What happened in Kansas?”
Pulling himself together, Dean looked away and finished off his beer at the same time, breaking the magnetic spell of those eyes.
“You tripped,” Castiel explained in a tight voice, his hands frantically checking over the hunter. “It was my fault. I have tools scattered everywhere, I should have--”
Cas looked liked he wanted to argue further, but after a fleeting moment wherein those stormy blue eyes bore into Dean, the angel seemed to deflate. His gaze fell to the ground and then to Dean’s hand where it still held a tight grip on his coat sleeve as if that alone would be enough to keep him rooted there should he have chosen to leave. Eventually, his gaze swiveled back up to the hunter’s face, this time looking resigned and exhausted.
Dean gave a low whistle; he'd never stray from his baby, but that was a nice ass bike. “Woah, hold up. What do you mean ‘salvaged’?”
If he was going to play the game, he had to work thoughtfully and cautiously. How would he approach his Cas? The answer came to him with embarrassing speed: He would be awkward and standoffish, offer some half assed apology and give him the sandwich as a peace offering.
"Do. Not. Lie. To me." She bit out, crossing her slight arms and setting her stance more assertively than any woman her size should be capable of. "I see in your eyes that isn't the truth. You have fear and guilt written plainly on your face. My mother believes without a doubt that you are the killer and I am quickly beginning to side with her--"
With his eyes squeezed shut to focus his breathing, he didn’t see the strange waver in his own reflection, or how it’s head tilted up from it’s hunched position to stare at him.
His eyes snapped open, for one heart stopping moment convinced that he wasn’t alone, but a scan of the shower and surrounding bathroom through the glass proved the area to be as uninhabited as it had been when he’d stepped inside. Then he glanced down his torso arched out from where he was still leaning against the glass under the red light and was alarmed to discover that his hand had moved to circle around his half hard erection of its own accord, his fingers as loose and teasing as the hand in the fantasy had been.
“With his power, very few things will probably hurt him. I’m not sure even an angel blade would do much damage to him. The best I would be able to do is buy us time with a banishing sigil.” Cas thought aloud.
The brothers exchanged looks of equal alarm. Angels were supposed to be some of the most powerful beings in creation. For so many of them to simply disappear in such a short time was not only mysterious; it was downright frightening. Hannah bristled at the accusation in Castiel’s tone but managed to maintain her straight-backed posture in spite of his sudden fury.
Now thoroughly flustered and beyond mortified that he couldn’t control these sorts of thoughts even with his freaking brother sleeping mere feet from him, Dean was startled by a sudden prickling sensation that spidered up the back of his skull. It was one that he’d learned to associate with being watched or followed, so the hunter instantly became hyper-aware of his surroundings. His eyes automatically flashed up to check the rearview mirror, half expecting to see a car speeding up behind him.
“Yes, hello Sonia.” Jack greeted in kind, “I understand now why Officer Adams is so interested in you. You’re very pretty.”
“Oh yeah sign me up,” the older hunter replied sardonically. “Because last time went just great. Can’t think of a better way to follow up a hunt than by taking a stroll through the feathered douche bag capital of the universe. ”
Dean made a show of rolling his eyes at his nerd of a brother, but that didn‘t negate the spike of his own curiosity. The image of Cas dressed up in a long black trench coat with equally black sunglasses flashed across his mind before he shook it away.
Heedless of the late hour, Dean slammed the door and then thudded heavily back against it, the wood paneling biting into his shoulder blades providing a momentary distraction. The pain helped to calm the anger, but his nerves still felt over sensitive and electrified. Even his clothing felt like it was constricting and stifling him. With an angry growl, he shoved himself off the door and trudged further into the room, wrenching his shirts up over his head without bothering to unbutton the flannel.
The water seemed to kick up another few degrees and steam permeated the enclosed space, clinging to his body and making him more feverish despite his efforts. Then, an image of Cas flickered across his mind unprovoked; the heated flash of his eyes across the expanse of the map table in the bunker.
Minutes later, all four men turned in unison as they heard two pairs of footsteps approaching from the back of the house, and Evan removed his hat as Sonia and her mother, Katarina, rounded the corner into the sitting room.
“And in the meantime?” Cas grated out, this time not bothering to shake off Dean’s grip, “While more angels go missing? Am I just supposed to pretend that that isn’t happening?”
Alt-Cas had promised a more extensive explanation but the glaring blank spots in his memory made him apprehensive to trust anything he said. The thought had begun needling at him as soon as the fog had lifted enough to think clearly. It didn’t take a rocket scientist to figure out that his memory had been tampered with. .
“Music.” Cas blurted suddenly, startling Dean out of his own head. “It’s like infinite, impossibly intricate layers of music, where each note is a perfect compliment to every other note.”
It wasn’t long before he was roaming the interior halls of the bunker, avoiding the shuffling and clanging around in the war-room that signaled Sam was unpacking their weapons. Dean had an idea of where Cas might have gone but he took his time making his way there in an attempt to prepare something to say that wasn’t completely asinine. Sam had said it didn’t matter what he said, but Dean knew from personal experience that going into something like this with Cas without a game plan ended with disastrous miscommunications that left both of them hurt, and hurting Cas more now after everything that had happened was the opposite of what he wanted.
Back then, it had been overwhelming and terrifying with the echo of it lingering with him for days afterward. Though he had heard things similar since then, for whatever reason only that one time with Cas produced the magnitude of the sensory overload that had occurred that day.
The Sheriff lifted one dark brow, “This guy has crossed state lines; isn’t that why the feds are here in the first place?”
The angel cast a brief meek glance at him, before propping himself up against the hood of the car. He seemed to intensely consider his words for a few moments before speaking again. “Your soul,” He explained haltingly, as though it were the very first time he’d done so. “It’s the same. Down to its very foundations, even the piece of...me…”
“Jesus,” Dean uttered in disbelief, scrubbing a hand down his face before glancing back in the direction he’d come from. “I found some other stuff back there,” He stated somberly, chancing a sideways glance at Castiel who still seemed pale and beyond tense. The angel’s eyes darted over to him briefly before flitting away toward the sigil again, seemingly mesmerized by it. Dean gestured vaguely toward the direction he had come from earlier, “It looked like a puddle of melted metal. I didn’t know what the hell I was looking at before but now...Cas...I think they might have been angel blades.”
“Did he seem out of character or say anything strange?” Sam probed further, “Before you guys got here it felt like I was in a daze, not able to think clearly. If an angel worked their mojo on me, they might have worked it on him too.”
Dean bulked in revulsion at the schmaltzy thought. Jesus, he sounded like a damn chick. Cas was Cas, a
“She’s an old world russian house maid.” Briggs went on, “She and her daughter , Sonia, work--worked--for Hishov for years. Very religious and
“Dude, the whole world knew.” Sam replied teasingly. “I love you guys but you’re both pig-headed stubborn idiots.”
Not-Cas then gestured invitingly to the seat he'd set up for the meal, which Dean stubbornly ignored in favor of pinning the guy with a scathing glare.
Arcs of electricity curled along the surface of the mirror and over Cas’s fingers like furious serpents, spitting out frenetic energy in frenzied waves. The moment their grace clashed it created a swirling vortex around Cas; the eye of a storm inside the tiny bathroom.
Hannah narrowed her eyes at the hunter, her expression darkening. “Not possible” She replied coolly.
“Be vigilant brother.” Harut warned with a grim glint in his eyes, though his face remained devoid of emotion.
. It was probably ridiculous to think some random second rate angel knew something the rest of the Heavenly Host had zero ideas about, but the hunter couldn’t shake his suspicion.
“That’s putting it mildly.” Briggs visibly shuddered. “The poor bastard’s throat was just a sack of meat and bone fragments by the time we got to him. All the skin around his throat was
The angel blinked in surprise before turning his head modestly away to cover an unexpectedly charming laugh. Once he got a hold of himself, Castiel threw a conspiratory look back at the hunter. “I’ve managed to master the art of tasting in spite of them.” He replied.
Swallowing around a lump in his throat, Dean opened his mouth to make his presence known, Castiel spoke.
Dean grit his teeth. Damn his little brother but the tactic worked as intended. If Dean was honest with himself, he
Dean’s eyes flashed down to the angel’s lips, and Cas watched them with wonder, meeting them head-on when they swiveled back up, ocean blue crashing against lush earthy green. There was an eternity then where Cas could only hear his own heart beating impossibly loud and he wondered briefly if Dean, with his newly enhanced perception, could hear it as well.
“You’re nothing but a disease! ” Castiel barked at the empty room. “An insignificant germ left to wriggle in a petri dish, and when I make him whole again, I will
“You boys move quick.” Briggs observed, but didn’t linger on it. Instead he reached for his desk phone, brought the receiver to his ear, and pressed the call button. “Evan? Get a squad car around to take Agent Scholtz over to the coroner's office. Asap.”
The moment his form vanished one of Sam’s gigantic fists flew up and in a blur of movement made a precise and painful impact against his brother’s bicep, accompanied by a scathing, “What the hell is wrong with you Dean?!”
He stepped out a bit further, glancing all the way down one side of the hall, then the other, but there was no trace that anyone had been there at all. Weird. Knowing Cas, if the angel had heard him get up, he might have felt like he was intruding and zapped away. Yet, Dean couldn’t shake the feeling that something was off. So, as he stood out in the hall clad only in his boxers, he went through the checklist despite being in the bunker where it shouldn't matter; no sulfur smell, no cold spots--at least no colder than usual given that they were encased in cement underground--and no weird electromagnetic heebie-jeebies.
"I'm sorry Miss Ivanovna," Cas spoke up, "It was my fault my...heart...is in poor condition. I collapsed and my partner's must have seen from the--"
This Cas, whose physical appearance without the scar or the untrimmed hair, appeared no different from the Cas he knew, wasn’t looking at the camera at all. Instead, his eyes were fixed on Dean, his posture at total ease with his arm draped over the back of the booth behind the hunter. His expression was all crinkled eyes and gummy smile; pure amused affection
She smiled, her finger’s slipping beneath the collar of her dress and pulled out a small medallion connected to a slim gold chain around her neck. It was decorated with a symbol Sam recognized instantly. “He called them, хранители истины (keepers of the truth).”
“Тише, милый мальчик. (Hush, dear boy.)” Sonia tutted. “Before we all hunker down though, we should eat dinner. No sense going to bed on empty stomachs on the eve of battle.”
Identical ocean blue eyes bore into his as though the imposter could see him directly but it was not fear that gripped the angel, only a bone deep fury that left his mouth tasting of ash as the scarred reflection mouthed the words, ‘Give up. He is mine.’
As he stepped back into the bedroom, the first thing he noticed was the absence of his bloody footprints and assumed that Alt-Cas must have set his mojo from stun to clean; a trick he’d seen his Cas perform numerous times, though in this scenario the hunter couldn’t shake the eerie feeling it gave him. A quick check inside the closet revealed much the same; no broken glass or frame. On a hunch, he checked the original shelf and sure as sin the frame was sitting just beyond the incense dish where he’d found it, put back together as though it had never broken.
The words were full of the usual bravado, and Sam knew it instantly as a plea for an out from this conversation through humor, and though he was just as uncomfortable right along with his big brother, he resisted the urge to give it to him. Instead, he leveled a patient but serious expression at him.
Much to Sam’s chagrin, Gretchen met them in the hallway beyond the door, hip cocked, arms crossed, and popping her gum.
“Of course he is.” Sam growled sardonically, “Because nothing can ever be cut and dry. Did you at least get a location before he blasted you?”
It had surprised him but the hunter had chalked it up to whiplash and moved on. Cas had gone from grungey vagabond to angel of the lord in less than twenty minutes;
In his periphery, the scattered light from the stained glass glinted off various surfaces along the shelves as he passed. Gold leafed edges in the pages of ancient looking tomes, various displayed artifacts, and jars amidst eclectic knick knacks of all shapes and sizes that seemed like they’d be more at home in the basement of the bunker than a bedroom.
The apparition, a handsome man dressed in flattering cuts of black and red, sighed long sufferingly from his place leaning against the stone mantel of the fireplace, his arms crossed petulant over his chest.
Fun fact; the first scene where Cas wakes up hanging in chains and interacts with the angels and the creature is the very first scene I wrote for this fic way back when I was just messing around with possible case fic plot points. The story has changed and evolved exponentially since then but I am so glad I got to keep that original scene!
Dean held the angel’s heated gaze, determined not to back down. Cas could be pissed about it all he wanted, but the fact of the matter was there was something out there snatching up angels like they were going out of style. They had literally just waltzed into another crime scene that hadn’t been there a few measly hours ago and Dean was in no mood to play the 'duty before safety’ game with his friend.
Cas froze giving the young woman an in to get a few of the buttons of his shirt undone before his brain rebooted and batted her hands away. She countered with her own batting until Cas finally won out with the compromise of unbuttoning his own buttons while she watched hawkishly from the sidelines.
“Yes, he worked in collaboration with a scholarly branch here in the states. He and Viktor were childhood friends and had a life long agreement to work together to get us all out of our poor little village…” She trailed off with a sad sigh. “My father fell ill and died before he could make the trip. My mother was devastated, but I convinced her to carry out his wishes. Viktor kept his word and looked after us in his stead.”
Castiel took another shuddering breath before adding, “After that, our bond became twisted, polluted with insidious intent and viciousness. Everything that I knew, everything that he was...was gone.”
It was a full minute before Dean’s brain rebooted and he was able to shake off the almost truth his brother had been about to reveal. Shoving aside the fact that Sam was way more aware of his situation that he had given him credit for, Dean took a steadying breath and headed for the door. He probably should have been more annoyed than he was that Sam was so insufferably perceptive, but if he was being honest with himself, he was kind of glad. Dean was shit in the talking feelings department, he always had been, but Sam seemed to get it without him having to say the words, and though that was terrifying for its own reasons, it did mean it was one less awkward conversation he’d have to suffer through later.
Dean had felt it like a physical force running in a current through his body as though he had completed some sort of angelic power circuit. It had intensified so quickly and so powerfully that there was no doubt in his mind that if it had gone on even just a second longer, he would have shattered along with every window, light bulb and piece of glassware within a half-mile radius.
As he descended the stairs into the atrium, a glance to the right revealed the living area empty and dark; no cheerful crackling fire this time. The shadows there seemed darker in every sense of the word and he couldn’t shake the feeling of being watched despite being alone.
Suddenly, the startling image of Harut’s intense unblinking stare struck him and it took all of his willpower not to visibly flinch. Dean had disliked both of the angelic brothers right off the bat but he had initially chalked that up to them being angels. After all, outside of Cas, Dean didn’t exactly have the best track record with them, especially after the stunt with Tessa. Until that moment in Hannah’s office, Dean had been content to consider them faces in the backdrop, but that had changed when Harut had singled him out like he
“Well, when it turns out a stone cold murder in your quiet little town isn’t the first of it’s kind, yeah. Didn’t you get a brief?”
Once again, Sam and Cas exchanged looks before he replied. “Because the angel we are searching for, who took my friend and killed your kin...he shares my face.”
“Just floundering for context,” Dean told him not unkindly, still maintaining the game despite feeling as though the rules were being changed around him. “In your note, you said you’d explain what was going on.”
Harut seemed to consider this for a moment, “An interesting hypothesis, but we didn’t test the toxin on any blades.”
“Uh,” Dean began again, clearing his throat. With his mind still reeling from everything that had happened, he spoke without thinking. “Yeah, I was freaking out a little because I messed up your picture earlier.”
. After a few minutes of silently freaking out about what that could mean, the hunter made his way back to the motel room.
With a roll of his shoulders, Dean hauled himself out of the front seat and made his way back into their motel room. As he tossed the greasy back of burgers on the table in front of his not so little brother, Dean could suddenly feel his age more acutely than he had in a long while. They were so far from that distant memory now. If he tried to lay down in the grass now his knees would probably creak and Sam’s giant giraffe body would definitely hang off the edge of the blanket.
“But--” Jack tried to argue, but Cas cut him off again with a stern expression that could only be described as fatherly.
"Sam was right. Something was hunting us--hunting me." He corrected, glaring daggers as the angel whose emotional control seemed to be unhinging in the same increments that Dean was beginning to understand. "You--you killed an innocent man…"
So lost in his revery, he almost didn’t notice a subtle movement near the door, but the momentary flicker of light across his eyelids set him on alert. His hand flew away from his boxers like he’d been caught in the act before it even began. Shoving himself up on his elbows, his breathing still quick and shallow, he fixed his wide-eyed gaze at the bottom of the door where the light was obscured by two shapes which cast long spidery shadows across the floor to the foot of his bed.
Fingertips traced over his brow, down his cheek, across his jawline, all the while moisture collected along his lashes and slipped over the bridge of his nose to dampen the pillow below his head. Dean Winchester was beautiful no matter the reality. It was a pleasant constant he’d discovered long ago, but despite all physical appearances, none of the versions he’d found so far had the same uniquely beautiful soul. All were shaped in similar ways, but the subtle differences of each reality colored them differently.
"When I was sure." Cas snapped back, "I had to be sure Sam. If we didn't have all the information and chased a false lead with Dean still out there...if he got hurt or--"
Another slate stone fireplace, smaller than the one in the living space but certainly larger than the one in the spare room he’d been occupying previously, stood resolutely across from the bed, it’s hearth cold and dark for the time being. To its left, tucked into the back corner, stood a sizable window reading nook lined with shelving built directly into the walls filled to bursting with books.
“Cas?” Dean breathed distraught and uncertain. His hands hovered over the angel’s back indecisively before he swallowed thickly and slowly lowered them to rest against his shoulder blades. “Come on man, you're freaking me out. What’s going on?”
"Sonia please, you can't just--!" Evan tottered behind her as they rounded the nose of the car, but she paid him no heed.
Cas’s trench coat hung neatly at the front of a small array of other dark colored suit jackets and coats. Behind those, another cluster of button downs, mostly in various shades of solid blue with a few flannels thrown in the mix as well; amongst them was the denim shirt from the photo.
Expertly honed instincts alerted Dean to the presence before he was fully conscious, his hand groping blindly for the butt of the gun hidden beneath his pillow when a familiar voice whispered to him through the dark.
“Three days ago, a local business owner by the name of Victor Hishov was found strangled and broken in his motel lobby. He hit the wall so hard it cracked the brick and broke his back and that’s not even mentioning his neck--”
Dean shuddered at the cognitive dissonance produced by the harsh clinical nature of her words coupled against the girlish tone of her voice. “Gee, thanks.” He mumbled, turning the coin over in his palm once, before pocketing it.
The hunter's heart leapt into his throat, unexpected emotion at hearing the familiar greeting stealing his voice. Damn, he was more tired than he thought.
It felt inappropriate, and not in the fun kind of way it usually would if he were going to sneak in a quick jerk under the radar, but it was the intensity of it that truly alarmed him. In an attempt to curb the sudden heat in his skin, Dean stepped out from beneath the spray of the water and leaned his shoulders and upper back against the cool glass of the shower wall, his skin smearing away any evidence of the handprints.
“Secondly,” Sonia spoke right over him, keeping her hand on his shoulder when he attempted to get up again. “You just got through telling us that this angel is more powerful than he should be and you want to go rushing into his den without a plan of action? Do you love this man he took from you or not?”
The earlier heat bubbled weakly under his skin but he tamped it back down. He was just checking in on the hunter, the same as he had done with Sam. That was all.
Dean was so used to the muffled clack of his dress shoes and rustling of the stiff fabric of his trench coat that the silence in the wake of the angel walking away was unsettling. More than a little uneasy, the hunter swung his legs over the side of the bed and stepped toward the door.
would have thought the same thing. It should have ended right then and there, but nothing was ever so simple for Dean Winchester. Everything in his life had a knack for being unfairly complicated and confusing. After that first time, it started happening
“Dean, close your eyes!” Came a choking rasp of a shout in the dark before light began to emanate from near his dresser. He recognized the voice instantly and immediately turned his face away to shield his eyes as the room suddenly burst into a blinding array of white light.
The apparition laughed low and sensual, rolling the entire length of its body in one lewd motion against the angel, causing him to hiss in disgust and release it. It then dissipated out of existence, the dark sound of its cruel laughter echoing off the concrete.
After scrutinizing all of the images, the angel indicated the latter. “Deerfield” He confirmed with heat in his eyes before attempting to get up. “We have to go--”
He regretted it almost immediately. The angel’s expression was intense like he was looking beyond the hunter’s physical body and staring directly into his soul. Dean realized with some belated sense of shock that he probably
The last word barely left his mouth before the delicate flutter of wings alerted them to the fact that they were no longer alone. Dean managed to keep himself from jumping out of his skin this time, but his heart still hammered when he looked to the side to find the pair of angels who had led them there.
“Forgive me,” He said with a sigh, like Sam, feeling suddenly exhausted from all that had occurred in the short time he’d been there. “You’ve been so level headed since we met, I forget this is all new to you.”
He allowed himself to entertain that as-of-yet unnamed feeling for all of half a second before he promptly stuffed it way down deep in it’s designated ‘shit I don’t want to think about’ box filed next to every other messed up facet of his life. Heaven was definitely not the right place for his alarmingly uncontrollable urges and fantasies about his best friend, not least of all because it was
Dean's fist tightened where he held his towel in place, biting back his natural response to make a flippant remark, instead he said, "Good to know." Then "Listen man, I need to get dressed--"
Lost in the thought, Dean remained oblivious to a pair of handless prints that streaked through the steam coated glass behind him.
Putting two and two together, Dean made his way over to the work bench as well, maintaining enough distance to defend himself should the need arise.
“I’ll be better when I get there.” He retorted curtly before nodding to Sam. “I’m going to go pack. Meet me upstairs in twenty.”
With a frustrated sigh, Cas looked on while Evan revealed the location of his cleaning cabinet before leaving with Jack to get food. When Sam disappeared into the bathroom with the broom and dust pan, Cas was left alone with Sonia who primly perched on the arm rest to his left and gestured to his arm.
It was so quiet but it hit Cas like a physical blow. The angel’s entire frame sagged and for a moment he seemed to hesitate but then slowly dragged doleful eyes back up to look at his friend. His expression was miserable but there was a resignation there that put Dean’s nerves at ease, at least those related to the angel’s flight risk.
After several heart-stopping minutes of searching, Dean was satisfied that the area was devoid of any life, at least for the moment, he broke away from Sam without a word, trotting quickly over to Cas.
“Whatever. Point is, the yellow goo turned out to be some kind of angel specific toxin that can cause burns, blindness, paralysis, bat-shit craziness and eventually if the target is pumped full of enough, they're dead. Plus side of whatever messed Kavorkian bullshit was happening up here, you guys figured out that whatever the hell this thing is, it’s toxic spew has biological markers, meaning that its a flesh a blood monster and we can gank the sonuvabitch.”
For the duration of the first day after Cas had been taken, both brothers were left in a state of shock. Neither slept, running on coffee and the short few hours sleep they’d stolen before the events of the early morning had thrust them into the high stress of the current situation. Sam set up shop in the library as soon as he could, wasting no time in pouring himself into the research aspect as a means of coping.
Cas didn't have the heart to tell the younger hunter that the prayer hadn't been a conscious message at all;  more like the last desperate plea of a man outgunned and overwhelmed.
It was him and Cas, sitting next to one another in a diner booth. A snapshot of one in a thousand instances just like it, but this was different...
The hunter went still as stone beneath the angel’s body, his eyes screwed tightly shut. For his part, Castiel kept them pressed together, leaning into and slightly over the prone man to keep his eyes fixed on the spirit who was currently watching the scene unfold with unabashed interest.
He said with a low whistle as he settled into place with a shimmy of his hips and fingered the tie around the angel’s neck suggestively.
He knew more than what the angel had told him now, and while he’d said out right that there was nothing Dean could do to make him angry, the literal list of deceased Dean Winchester’s proved that there was in fact a line he could not cross. That wasn’t even taking into account his personal experience thus far with memory tampering.
for being an awesome beta reader and ALSO GIVING ME LIFE AND KEEPING ME GOING EVEN WHEN I'M BEING IMPOSSIBLE. We have been collaborating on some cosplay videos that go along with some of the story. You can find her AMAZING cosplay content
Cas thought for a moment, before he glanced around the room at all the faces waiting for his response. “I would...ward the entire area around the lake.” He began, “Both to hide us and keep others out.”
Cas could tell his son was trying to put on a strong front but the small crease at his brow was all the indication he needed to understand just how worried he was for the man who was, for all intents and purposes, his other father.
Cas had always been more difficult to read mostly because he just didn’t necessarily need to express his thoughts and emotions with body language. At first, it had been disconcerting because Sam had never been
Dean shot off the couch and around the otherside of the table so fast he nearly tripped over his own feet, but the stranger seemed to anticipate this as well, swiftly putting himself between the hunter and his intended goal. He cursed under his breath, stalking step for step with the guy in a half circle around the couch and back like a caged animal. Anger suffused the alarm and drawing his lips back into a snarl he barked, “Tell me where the fuck I am!”
Cas didn’t back away. Instead, he spoke brokenly against the hunter’s throat where Dean could feel the dry brush of his lips over the skin there, “I’m sorry I just...I...missed you very much.”
“They--they do?” Evan stuttered, before a pointed look from her had him nodding along with a sudden conviction. “I--I mean of course you do!”
“And if we can detect an echo of grace there too, then we’ll know without a doubt that it’s connected. Maybe we’ll even find another clue!” Jack chimed in eagerly. “I could use my powers to--”
Dean tore his eyes away from the scene long enough to catch a glimpse of Cas’ horror-stricken face before the angel broke into action, sprinting over to the sigil and desperately calling out for the angel guards who had been there mere hours ago. It was such a startling change from his previous state indignation that Dean felt himself start to panic but he wasn’t sure if it was empathy in the face of Cas’s own mania or his own in the face of another angel-napping in such close proximity to them...to Cas.
Dean raises his eyebrows at the twenty, huffing incredulously, but says nothing. Castiel pockets the change.
“It’s all right, Dean.” He throws a sweet smile my way as he balls the soaked napkins in his hand and tosses them into the garbage can.
Around the circle they go. Castiel can barely keep up with all the names—most are easy, like Gordon, Sam, and Jo—but there’s just so
Castiel decides to buy a pack of gum at the general store, which is a charming little shop; the words “General Store” are plastered in sloping red letters above the little sign that says “cash only.” Anxiety thrums through his blood. He’s never bought something by himself before, sheltered as his childhood and teen years were. This, however, is a test. If he’s able to do this, to walk into a store and buy a pack of gum, maybe he’s able to be independent. Maybe he’s not such a coward after all.
Zachariah leaves him alone, more or less. It’s a welcome change from the helicopter-parenting of his brothers. Of course, there is always the looming authority that Zachariah makes sure he respects; Castiel knows that if he falls out of line, Zachariah won’t hesitate to deal out punishment.
“What’s wrong, Sam?” Cas walks over and puts a hand on his shoulder. “No major ailments, everything seems to be in place mentally, no curses or hexes or any sign of magical meddling… The only possible reason for your distress… did you watch a sad movie? Perhaps one of those ‘chick flicks’ Dean always talks about?”
“All because of fanfiction,” Charlie sighs, smiling at Sam triumphantly. “Now you have to admit, it’s totally awesome.”
His fingers twisted in his pillow. All of that alone would have been more than overwhelming, but then there was this thing that was happening to him; because nothing could ever be just cut and dry. He had no idea what had triggered it, but whatever unique connection he had already had with the angel was being enhanced and it was making him
Sam threw him a dirty look for his tone but he ignored it. If this really was a break, if something in that town could lead them to Cas, Dean didn’t care how tired he was or how long the drive would take, he was going to get there and figure this shit out.
"HA!" She barked out a humorless laugh. "Ради их же блага, так оно и должно быть! (For their sakes, there had better be!)" And to then three of them in English she hissed, "Explain now or I will call Sheriff Briggs to sort this out!"
“You’ll have to give my Cas some pointers.” Dean chuckled despite himself, the moment striking him as he realized how little he’d heard Cas laugh in the time they’d known one another.
“Right, of course.” Sam hastened to agree. “Apologies Sheriff, I guess I got a little ahead of myself.”
“Forgive me.” Castiel apologized in a rush, scrubbing harshly at his face. “Thank you for the sandwich, it's...it’s perfect.”
The hunter’s scathing retort about the overly familiar way the angel talked about him died in his throat when the imposter did something completely unexpected; he held the blade out for Dean to take. His brain short circuited for a moment, peering at this guy like he had lost his mind before dropping his eyes to the hilt, highly skeptical that this was some sort of test or trick.
A possessive protectiveness flared white hot in the angel’s chest as all manner of scenario’s played out in his mind. Had Dean tried to fight, tried to escape, only to be magicked into submission by this bastardized version of himself? What must it have been like to be at the mercy of a creature who shared his face? Cas’s heart ached for his hunter’s suffering, knowing how it would hurt him to have his mind invaded such as it was. What else had he done? What if he had tampered with his mind? His memories?
“All the angels that were loyal to her were accounted for but thousands were cast out during the Fall. There must have been a few pockets that hid well enough to avoid her witch hunt.” Sam replied thoughtfully, before he suddenly jumped to his feet, his eyes wide as he looked at his brother. “Dean, she said they all went missing within the last week, that fits Hannah’s timeline.”
“His name is Dean, and he’s my brother.” Sam admitted, feeling like any further lies or half truths would set her off again, deservedly so. “And we all sort of have a history with angry angels.” Sam answered, “It’s a long story.”
Its familiar weight in his hands was a small comfort. As he made his way back to the kitchen, he paused only briefly outside the study room door, still cracked open from his earlier intrusion, before deciding to dart back in. Once inside, it was two long strides to the desk where he snatched up the tome from the desk and then bolted with it. Back in the kitchen, he threw his gathered items into a cloth bag meant for groceries before tearing open a few drawers and cupboards in search, scattering utensils, and other nonconsequential items across the floor in his haste.
Briggs was a large, middle aged man with a barrel chest and scruffy salt and pepper beard. He looked like the sort of man you could sit down and have a beer with, even if his face was currently etched into an anxious scowl.
“Yeah, ya’think?” Sam snapped barely after the words left his mouth before sighing long-sufferingly and crossing his arms like a disgruntled wife. “They need our help Dean, but more importantly, Cas asked us to help with this. He’s counting on us to do what we do best up here, and you couldn’t put a pause on the posturing for five seconds while we all digested this messed up situation?!”
Just over twenty minutes later, Sam strode into the garage with a duffle bag slung over his shoulder and his laptop case in hand. Dean was rechecking weapons and ammo in the trunk as he approached.
Sam took a moment to digest all of this new information, before turning to look at his brother, “So, what do you think? It could be something big if it’s got Hannah desperate enough to ask us for help. You up for another trip to Heaven?”
“We’re here,” Harut stated with one fine brow arched as his eyes flicked between Castiel and the oldest Winchester. The indicated door was identical to all of the other doors that they had passed, the only difference being a lemniscate taking the place of a number. With a nod, Castiel took the lead, twisting the knob and crossing the threshold with the Winchester brothers at his heels.
Sam extended the duffle bag in his hand toward his brother. When Dean seemed to flounder, unable to take it and Sam made a move to step away, the words stuck in his throat escaped in a rush before he could stop them. “I’m worried about Cas.”
Shit, he hadn’t meant to say that last part. Oh well, it was out there now and if Sam thought it sounded weird, he didn’t mention it. Instead, he hit Dean with, “Well, what if it
Bells, violin strings, claps of thunder, ice cracking, glass shattering, microphone feedback: His list of crazy shit seemed to be growing, but was it all really coming from Cas? He could voice it now, could ask his friend and the angel would no doubt be honest about it, but Dean remained stubbornly silent on the matter despite his apprehension of what it could mean; or maybe because of it. He released a quiet steadying breath as he settled back against the pew, his knees falling comfortably open, and retreated into his thoughts to mull it over.
“Just gone?!” Dean fumed throwing his hands up. The mark sparked to life, searing the flesh beneath his shirt sleeve and he gave into the anger to escape the apprehension Harut had produced with his freaky staring. “Well that’s just great. Thanks to your shitty job the first go around, sixty of you feathered assholes are fucking ‘just gone’.” The volume in his voice increased steadily with his agitation until he was shouting the last words back in Hannah’s face.
Shit. He hadn't meant that to sound so harsh but the weird intimacy of the whole encounter was beginning to take a toll on him and he needed the guy gone to deflate.
“I’m sorry,” Cas replied self consciously, averting his eyes. “I couldn’t think of another way to describe it. It roughly translates to something like...unified Being.”
“Do you have another suggestion?” Cas snapped, “Dean is in danger regardless of what we do. At least this way we will have more than a huge swath of land to search..”
Sam looked up from his writing to give his brother an expectant look, but Dean just waved him off, shaking his throbbing hand out in the air in front of him.
The hunter bolted upright, nearly knocking heads with the stranger, throwing the unfamiliar hand away from him as he scrambled backward on...the couch? He was on a couch. He cast his eyes wildly around the room, his breathing coming faster as recognition began to don on him.
Her lovely doe eyes flashed sharply, vigilant and judgmental. If Cas hadn't known better he would have thought her an angel.
This had been the game since Cas had stepped out of the motel bathroom after Purgatory. It had started innocently enough. The dude had been so filthy when they’d found him on the side of the road that Dean honestly hadn’t wanted him to get into the back seat for Baby’s sake. Of course, that momentary selfishness had been squashed by the overwhelming shock and relief that had come with finding the angel alive despite all the odds. Silhouetted against the bathroom light, freshly shaven, clothing clean and smelling like crisp soap and steam, the thought had just popped into Dean's head; Castiel was a damn handsome guy.
“I’ll clean up the bathroom while you’re gone.” Cas promised, once again attempting to stand, only to have Sam wave him off.
“That’s one way of putting it,” Dean replied, pointedly ignoring the echo of sensation still tingling near his heart. “Hey, is it just me or does this place look a hell of a lot different than the last time we were here?”
There was an unease quickly filling up the empty hollowness left in the wake of the heat, and a cold sense of foreboding washed over him like ice water. A minute later he was taking the stairs up out of the chapel two at a time and sprinting back into the bunker proper, coming to a skidding halt in the library. He leaned over with his hands splayed against a table, eyeing the room suspiciously while he caught his breath. The strange feeling had since eased, but not entirely and it put him on edge; it felt familiar but he couldn’t be sure it wasn’t his own exhausted mind playing tricks on him.
Like before, Marut blocked the door with his mountain of a body, but he quickly shuffled out of the way without a word from Hannah. However, before Cas could even touch the doorknob, Harut stepped forward. The pair faced off eye to eye for a one tense moment before the slim angel raised his hand as if to shake. Cas seemed a bit thrown off by this very human gesture, hesitating and uncertain scowl before taking it up in his own.
He knew Sam was trying to make him feel better but the prayer still had him shaken. He knew Dean well enough to understand that such a prayer only came in the most hopeless moments when he was on the losing end of a battle. With an alternate version of himself being the culprit, the reasons for such a battle were plentiful. There was no way to know if it bore the same affinity for the hunter as he did, if it cared even a little or if it harbored resentment or even hatred.
He thought about the entity in the mirror, and a chill passed over him. All the pieces were there, he just needed to connect the dots. If what Castiel was telling him was in fact finally some sort of truth, what the fuck had happened to domino into their current situation?
Almost every entry he could understand read 'deceased' and there were dozens of other journals with thousands of other entries in various other languages that left him only guessing.
“Yeah, she’s a real damsel in distress.” The hunter grumbled petulantly as he turned the key in the ignition.
“That is unusual for you.” Cas spoke up, also stepping forward and lifting his hand toward Sam, “May I?”
The only sign of nerves was the slight clench of her fists at her sides. “If you are searching for another angel, then why does my mother insist that you are the killer?”
After a moment of deliberation, Sam spoke again, “Alright, I’m going to head back to the station and grab the file. We’ve got one more place to stop.”
Dean could have easily read between those lines even without Sam’s words earlier still pinging around in his head.
“Listen Cas,” Dean began a bit helplessly but had to clear his throat against the lump of emotion that had inexplicably crawled up and stuck there before continuing. “It’s been a long day, you know? I’m beat, you're beat; think we can put this on hold until after I catch a few hours?”
"Whatever," Dean grunted over his shoulder as he stalked away. He tried not to think about the cases they'd worked where Sam had said those exact words to people who would never see their loved ones again.
Though Dean couldn’t see the shimmer of Cas’s grace like he had before, he could feel it retracting past him like a cool breeze; more of a disturbance in the air than a physical sensation. He made no comment about it this time. Instead, he kept his damn mouth shut, something he should have done from the beginning. Stupid Sam and his stupid support speech.
Or possibility number two: He really was hearing Cas. Well...no, that wasn’t exactly right. He was hearing Castiel; Angel of the Lord. The powerful celestial being made of light and energy that Dean could barely comprehend existing outside of the weird little dude who he had come to know as his best friend. Castiel, the wavelength of divine intent whose true existence had been completely swept under the metaphorical rug with little in the way of acknowledgment beyond vague implications over the years. That is, until today, when it was thrust into the limelight with all the weird multi-dimensional matrix mumbo-jumbo Sam had been squawking about in Heaven.
Sam stood with wide eyes on the opposite side of the sigil, staring at the spot Cas had been just a moment before. On the floor, the wood was corroded and rotted where the sigil had been laid, as well as at the center where Cas’s blood and the ooze coating him had pooled under his limp body.
Just then, a sharp knock at the door broke their touching moment. The pair exchanged mutual looks of apprehension before Sam carefully and quietly made his way over to the door to peer out the peephole.
“Uh...thanks.” Sam responded while Cas seemed to still be lost for words. “I have to admit, I wasn’t expecting you to take this information so easily…”
The unease returned tenfold when he arrived at the hallway. The lights above him flickered once, before returning to normal. He glanced back behind him where the lights were on and humming quietly at full brightness before swallowing thickly and making his way down the hall. His angel blade slid down into his waiting palm out of instinct as he approached Sam’s door; the closest to him from the direction he’d come. Without hesitation, he lifted his hand to the knob and silently pushed the door open just enough for a beam of light to illuminate the foot of the younger hunter’s bed.
The shadows of the dimly lit room suddenly felt as though they were encroaching, the walls pressing in on him as he scrambled away from the desk toward the door.
"And we'll find him, just like we found him then." Sam interjected, not wanting to think about that terrible dark time when his brother had been consumed by darkness, "Besides, he was actively evading us then. If anything we should be extra vigilant of him trying to contact us. The prayer for instance."
An agonized shriek from the library had Dean in a sprint. Sam yelled after him, barely able to keep up but Dean didn't hear him. Sam, the alarms, even his own footfalls fade into noise as he arrived in time to witness Castiel fall to his knees before the creature Dean had seen in his room.
Sonia seemed to recover before the rest of them, turning around with a rushed, “Yes, of course! Please come in. I’ll fetch her at once.” Before she disappeared into the house.
“Hey man, it’s alright.” He said soothingly when the angel couldn’t meet his eyes. “All of this is getting to me too, but we’re close now. After tomorrow, we’ll have him back.”
“Dean. Cas. Chill out.” Sam warned before addressing Hannah once again. “We can’t do anything about the elapsed time, but we’re here now so just tell us everything you can.”
“Then I’ll come help. I’ll read the books, you translate.” Dean stated as he stepped passed the taller hunter. “But first; coffee.”
Just then water pulsed a bit warmer, noticeable but not unappreciated. As Dean swiped his rag over his chest once again, the coarse fabric brushed over one of his nipples, sending an unexpected jolt of heat all the way down to his toes where they curled in the suds pooling around the drain at his feet.
“Quite,” Harut huffed apathetically, “Now if you’re finished?” Marut inclined his head, clasping his hands in front of him, the muscles in his arms nearly bulging out of his suit coat, his pearlescent eyes settling cooly on his brother. Addressing their guests once again, Harut politely extended one hand toward the hallway behind Cas. “Hannah is expecting you so if you’ll follow me, we can get underway.”
Timed lighting slowly brightened the room from several low points along the walls, flooding the dark tiled floor in cool tinted light. Rich, dark tropical plants stood in tasteful planters on either side of the shower, while others hung in a line of matching baskets above the counter and bath.
The angel had never felt so isolated in the passenger seat. His heart ached for the flash of green in a sideways glance and its accompanying crooked smile.
“Cas!” Dean moans reverently. Cas hums in response and Dean gasps at the sensation. Cas suckles at the tip and then starts bobbing his head, sinking a little lower each time. It takes everything Dean has to keep his hips still and he finds his hands clenching rhythmically in the sheets. His breathing is ragged and he can’t stop the moans escaping his mouth every time Cas sucks a little harder. Cas’ hands have been tightly gripping Dean’s thighs, but one of them moves, and Dean looks down just in time to see Cas sliding it into his own pants. Cas meets his eyes and Dean groans at the hot dark look in Cas’ eyes. He can’t look away now even as Cas closes his eyes, caught between Cas’ mouth wrapped around his dick and where he can just make out Cas’ hand moving over his own erection. Cas moans around his cock as he comes and that vibration, coupled with the sight in front of him, has Dean hurtling over the edge. He lays back slowly, fists relaxing in the sheets, and Cas moves up to lay along his side again.
His phone started to ring as he sat there, numb. He looked down and saw Sam’s name, but he couldn’t answer and for some reason that was it. That was what made it real. He didn’t know how Sam had found the strength to keep going when Eileen died because he just - Cas was gone. How could he – He dropped the phone, hid his face in his hands and sobbed.
So movie night hadn’t worked out how they wanted. Sam wasn’t deterred, at least they seemed to have had a good time. Even better, he had found the perfect case to send them on. A ghost in Minnesota was targeting unmarried couples and Sam knew they would have to pose as a couple to try and draw it out. He would just leave that detail out, they would figure it out once they got there.
“Alright,” Cas mutters. He is relieved that Dean seems happy to see him, though he is a bit nervous about this talk Dean wants to have. They make their way down the stairs and into the library, sitting at the table where all their names are carved. Cas sees that his and Jack’s names have been added and his eyes grow soft, a small smile curving hips lips.
Eventually he has to pull away, but he doesn’t go far, cannot possibly be far away from him now. He rests his head against Cas’s and softly says, “I love you too.”
This is the first chapter that I thought of when I had this idea. Dean is having way too much fun with this.
“Hello Sam, Eileen,” he says, signing as he talks. “Dean’s in the back taking a call, he’ll be right out.”
Dean chokes on the sip of whiskey he had just taken, his face turning red. Sam laughs at him. “Man you must be getting old, can’t handle your whiskey anymore?”
When they walked into that room Dean had been so sure they were both going to die and he’d have to watch Billie kill Cas in front of him. It’s happened before, but it never gets easier. He’d thought nothing could be worse. And then Cas started talking about his deal. And he was so confused, but Cas kept going, talking about his happiness and the Empty and Dean felt the heaviest dread… And then Cas said, “I love you” and Dean’s mind just went blank. He’d thought nothing could be more painful than watching Cas die, but he was so wrong. Having that chance, hearing those words he thought he’d never get to hear, just for Cas to get ripped away from him, forever – he’d been so wrong.
Sam is still confused, but decides to help before Dean does something too stupid. Jack's just trying to help.
“It’s really me, Dean. Go ahead and run your tests,” Cas says. Dean is still frozen in the doorway so Sam squeezes around him to check that Cas is, well, actually Cas. He runs through all their usual tests while Dean stands, still staring at Cas like he can’t believe he’s standing on their doorstep.
Dean just hums, and grabs a couple beers. The light from the fridge shines on his face and Sam notices he looks a little pink, only proving what he’s saying.
“Dean. It’s not like you’ve been subtle,” Sam says, smirking at him. “And I’m not blind. But I figured you weren’t ready to tell me so I didn’t say anything. I’m really happy for both of you.”
“Cas,” Dean breathed, feeling almost overwhelmed by the sensations. In all his wildest dreams Dean never thought this would become his reality. Cas just hummed against his neck, causing Dean to buck his hips at the vibration. Cas’ hands tightened in his hair at that and he thrust his hips against Dean in reaction. They soon found a rhythm that had both of them gasping. Cas pulled away from his neck, leaning their foreheads together as they both hurtled toward release.
“Hm. Well, maybe they’ve been stuck in this pattern for so long they just can’t see a way out,” Eileen said thoughtfully. “Maybe…”
Sam and Eileen walk into The Roadhouse and look around. Cas is up at the bar wiping a couple glasses off. He puts everything down and waves as he sees them come in.
Dean realizes what this is. Jack is so desperate to prove himself and make it up to him after killing his mom, but Dean knows in this moment, he can’t hold it against Jack any more. He’s not sure if he ever really did, or if it was just his anger at losing her again that made him blame Jack and push him away. He grabs Jack by the shoulder and starts pulling him backwards as they move towards the rift. Jack keeps holding off The Empty as they move.
“Not too long. Figured I’d let you sleep, you looked like you needed it,” Dean answered, still grinning.
“Hey, Cas, have you noticed Dean’s been getting a lot of freckles lately?” Sam asks. He looks up at him with wide eyes, caught out thinking about those same freckles. He hadn’t thought about what Sam thought about all this, he realizes and suddenly he feels put on the spot. Sam misreads his wide eyed look and says, “Sorry, didn’t mean to surprise you.”
Sam and Eileen spent the rest of the evening brainstorming ways to get Dean and Castiel together. They started a list, writing down what they considered their best ideas. As it got later and their ideas got progressively crazier, Dean’s absence became more and more noticeable. Eventually they gave up and ate dinner without him, wondering if he and Cas were still sitting in the library staring at each other.
“Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense.” Sam nods. “I’ve kind of been having a similar thought. You know, when we had all those hunters here from apocalypse world, it was nice, having other people we could send out, other people to rely on.”
“Okay. Let’s do this,” Dean says with determination, habitually looking over his shoulder before catching himself. Cas isn’t there to follow him into this one - that’s the whole point. Dean has gotten so used to his presence over the years, though, and it hits him fresh that he’s gone. And this time, he may not get him back.
“Any plans for the day?” he asks. He knows Jack has been working his way through the Men of Letters’ library and Dean’s own collection of books.
“There are breezes where they don’t belong, Sammie! And this pattern looks like it came straight out of the 80’s, I mean, come on. They’ve got to have something better.” Dean is already starting to feel back to normal, bitching to his brother about stupid shit.
Dean has promised to clear things up with Sam after explaining to Cas that he just hadn’t been sure how to tell his brother about them. (
“No, Sam, you don’t know anything!” Dean yelled, nothing but pain in his voice. “I can’t think about Chuck right now, I NEED TO GET CAS BACK!”
Jack walks over to Michael and puts his hand on his shoulder. His eyes start glowing gold and Michael’s light up blue-white. Sam realizes this is happening now and he has one chance to say something to Dean before he goes barrelling into this place they know practically nothing about.
“Hm. Well, what do you want me and Cas to do about this ghost? I mean, unmarried couples, just sounds like you two would be better for the job.”
Sam and Eileen had sent them to the same bar they’d had their last date in, but Dean didn’t mind so much. At least he knew what was good now. They had a great time, as usual, and Dean had even gotten Cas laughing with him about the pair’s attempts at matchmaking. Time flew by, as it always did when they were together, and before Dean knew it, it had been several hours and the bartender was hinting for them to leave.
As soon as Sam closes the door, Dean leans back, still petting Miracle. He feels tired, but has too many things on his mind to actually fall asleep. First and foremost, how the hell to get Cas back. When he’s circled around idea after idea for what feels like hours, his mind shifts to the job application on his desk that he hadn’t finished before they left on this hunt. It’s just a part time job at a bar, but it feels like one step out the door. He hasn’t said anything to Sam yet, not sure how he would take it. As much as he wants this, he feels guilty, like he’s abandoning Sam. He knows that’s ridiculous, it’s just a part time job, but he knows it’s because deep down, he wants to give up hunting altogether. Maybe not right away, but soon.
“Well, uh. Eileen’s already in the car and we’ve, um, we’ve already made a couple calls so…” Sam stuttered his way through a panicked explanation. “Probably best if we follow through on those, don’t want to confuse anyone.”
“Cas, please, I don’t want to die, I’m not ready. Cas, I know you can’t hear me, but there’s no one else I’d want to talk to, I don’t, I don’t feel so good.”
Once they were back in Dean’s room, Cas gave him a look. Dean knew what he wanted and thought back to his conversation with his brother. He had thought it had gone so well, but clearly he had missed something.
Cas speeds toward the bunker in the first empty car he had managed to find outside the forest, remembering now how much slower driving is than when he could just fly. He is frustrated by the amount of time it is taking him to get to the bunker, though he knows it has only been maybe two hours. He’s managed to evade being pulled over so far, but he’s driving so far above the speed limit he’s not sure how. He’s almost there and, though he knows it won’t do anything, he’s praying that Dean is still alive. Cas doesn’t even know how much time has passed since he heard Dean’s prayer. He whips around the last bend and comes to an abrupt stop, jumping out of the car and striding determinedly to the door of the bunker. For just a moment he pauses, unsure if Dean will actually want to see him, if he is alive. The Empty took him so soon after his confession he wasn’t sure what Dean’s reaction had been. Cas shakes the hesitation off; he needs to know if Dean is alive and well. If Dean doesn’t want to see him after that, he can leave.
“No, I meant, like, on a date. Just, um, noticed it had been a while, that’s all.” Sam kept his eyes on the table, not sure he could keep up the charade if he looked his brother in the eye.
“Good, good. Hey you guys just missed Claire, she left maybe an hour ago. Pretty sure she’s coming back this evening though if you’re still around,” Dean mentions hopefully.
“Alright, alright. That’s just. A lot to give up, you know?” Dean says, looking away from Cas. Sam almost laughs - this isn’t exactly the first time Cas has given everything up for Dean, yet Dean always acts like he can’t understand why.
Sam walks into the library carrying a plate of food for Cas. He’s about to say something when he notices Dean and Cas wrapped up in each other like there’s no tomorrow. He freezes, eyebrows shooting up.
“And let them think they had any hand in this?” Dean said incredulously. “Oh no. This is not the time. Not yet.”
“I’m really happy for you two, it’s about time.” Sam lets go a little and looks at Cas. “I definitely did not need to know exactly where you have been kissing my brother, but still.” Cas smiles apologetically, somewhat embarrassed that Sam had seen more of those freckles than he’d realized.
The next morning they woke with fresh determination. Sam was again in charge of Dean and Eileen responsible for Cas. Dean usually woke up much later than they did and they used the time to paint angel wards on the door to the small storage room they planned on using so that Cas was just as locked in as Dean. Sam still wasn’t sure what Cas did while they all slept, but somehow he always seemed to turn up when Dean finally got out of bed each day. It took until almost lunch time before they wandered into the kitchen and as soon as Dean had finished eating, Sam practically dragged him down the hall saying something about a new spell he had found in the library. Dean looked behind him at Cas as he followed his brother out with an odd expression on his face.
Sam worried. Them fighting again was not what he wanted. A crash, like something had fallen and then…
“How about some hot cocoa?” Cas offered, knowing it was his favorite. Jack smiled up at him, already feeling a little calmer.
“Cas, if that’s supposed to be an incentive to get moving I think you’re doing it wrong,” Dean chuckles.
They both pause, trying to catch their breath. Cas’ eyes darken and he rolls his hips with intent. The little breath he had gotten back catches in Dean’s throat and he outright gasps, feeling Cas’ bare skin move against his own. Cas raises that damn eyebrow and Dean sees a wicked glint in his eyes before he’s suddenly flipped over. The display of casual strength sends heat shooting down his spine and Dean loses himself in sensations again as Cas slips two slick fingers in him and kisses at the base of his neck. Cas has one hand gripped in his own while the other moves inside him. He sprinkles kisses along Dean’s shoulders that feel like sparks across his skin. Dean feels his hips moving in tandem with Cas’ thrusts, the friction of his sheets against cock pushing him ever closer to that edge.
Sam only nodded as the moans and banging noises grew louder through the door. There was another crash, louder than the first, and everything suddenly stopped. Sam cringed and waited with bated breath.
After, they lay against each other panting for a while. Dean started to chuckle and Cas lifted a drowsy head in question.
He didn’t try to hide it as they walked into the bunker from the garage and he knew as soon as he saw Sam and Eileen waiting for them in the library that they thought their master plan had worked. They both perked up, glancing at each other and unsuccessfully trying to hide their own smiles. Dean bit his cheek to keep from laughing.
Sure enough, when he enters his bedroom, Cas is sitting on the bed. He’s not wearing his trenchcoat and Dean feels his heart rate spike just from that. He thinks he could count on one hand the number of times he’s seen Cas without that coat, and it feels like a striptease every time. Dean quickly sheds his own jacket and joins Cas on the bed. They get distracted in each other, kissing and touching and rolling across his bed, losing clothes that are tossed off the bed haphazardly, until Dean is left breathless with Cas above him, holding him down with ease.
“Sam? Hey!” Dean is trying to get his brother’s attention and slowly Sam looks over at him and then Cas. Cas looks away guiltily as Dean keeps talking. “Sam? What’s got you turning into Clifford the big red moose over there?”
Cas releases his hands and Dean grips the sheets as Cas slides down to nestle between his thighs. He looks up at Dean and for a moment he just waits there, tilting his head. Dean feels his breathing pick up with anticipation and finally Cas seems to decide he’s been patient enough. He runs his hands up Dean’s legs, digging his thumbs into his thighs as he does. He leans in and Dean’s breathing stops altogether, but at the last moment, Cas moves his head to the side, kissing the inside of Dean’s leg gently. Dean starts breathing again with a little gasp, the kiss just this side of ticklish. Cas smiles, lips moving across the soft skin, and lands another kiss just above the last. He glides the next kiss a little lower, pressing this one a little harder than the last.
Dean chokes on his bacon and his eyes go wide. He stares, frozen, at the table in front of him waiting for Sam to respond before slowly looking up at his brother. Sam holds a straight face, cackling internally at the deer in the headlights look on Dean’s face. He waits for a long moment, letting Dean sweat, doing his best to cement this moment in his memory, before he lets a small grin onto his face.
“Just backing off a bit for now, but honestly I think. I think eventually I want to stop. Let someone else take over,” Dean explains. “We’ve been doing this a long time, Sam. I’m tired.”
“So? How was it?” Sam burst out. He looked about ready to vibrate out of his seat waiting for them to say something and Eileen was no better.
“Concerned?” Cas looks awkward, unsure of himself, though Sam’s sure it’s just because the two of them don’t often have heart-to-hearts or whatever.
“Oh. Bad dream?” They all relax a little as Cas pulls the boy over to the table and sits him down. “Do you want to talk about it?”
Castiel stood too, nodding his good night to Sam and Eileen. Sam wasn’t sure where he went every night when they all slept, but he never saw him around the bunker. He sighed and looked at Eileen, who looked as defeated as he felt. Maybe the next plan would work better.
Sam starts pulling different books down that he thinks might have something useful. Jack closes his eyes, clearly focused on the faint sense of The Empty. And Dean… Dean doesn’t know what to do with himself as they wait. He feels as though if he has too much time to sit with his thoughts, he’ll just curl up on the floor crying again, the numbness from earlier threatening to reappear. So he stands and heads to the kitchen, grabbing beers for himself and Sam. Back in the library, he grabs one of the books Sam has pulled and starts flipping through. With both of them going through, they’ll find something to help even faster. Sam looks up at him from his own book and breathes in like he’s about to say something. Dean shakes his head.
“Huh. Well. Thanks, Sammie.” Dean is more surprised than he perhaps should be that Sam had noticed, but he is relieved that he knows now and is happy for them. Cas has continued to eat his breakfast next to him completely unbothered.
Cas looks up sharply, but Dean holds up a hand. “No, if I don’t finish this now, I don’t think I’ll be able to start again. Cas, for so many years now, I’ve been wanting something I thought I didn’t deserve. I’m still not sure I do, but this having my life to myself thing really is making me want to be a little selfish. And to hear you say…”
“Dean.” Cas’ voice is even deeper than normal, scratching into Dean’s chest and leaving him right on the edge with his angel.
“I’m, uh, I’m positive Dean is… fine, Sam. I promise, you do not need to worry about him,” Cas says haltingly before clearing his throat and leaving the library. Sam stares after him, perplexed, but then realizes Cas is an angel, he must mean that he would heal Dean if it became an issue. Still, Dean shouldn’t be so flippant about it and just expect Cas to take care of it. Sam huffs a sigh and goes back to the journals in front of him.
Dean will never admit it to anyone, but he melts at Cas’ gentle touch. When he pulls the Impala out of the garage, he’s still smiling.
“Hm. Now that you mention it, actually, yes. I am quite hungry,” Cas replies, not having noticed before that that was hunger he was experiencing.
“It seems like this shouldn’t feel as comfortable as it does,” Dean says softly. “I mean, it feels like we’ve been here forever.”
“So, Cas, what happened? Dean said the Empty took you and Billie, we didn’t think there would be any coming back from that,” Sam asks. He knows there was more to it, though he’s not sure he’ll ever get the full story. Still, he’s seen Dean every time they think Cas is dying or has died, and he’s never seen him fall apart that much before. It was obvious that this time Dean didn’t really have any hope Cas would come back, as much as he may have wanted to try to save him.
They both smile, remembering the hunts they’ve been on together. It’s been a long road for the two of them, and Dean feels almost in shock that they’ve gotten here. Talking about their future gets Dean thinking about the job application still sitting on his desk and what it might mean for the both of them.
Sam brought it up as casually as he could after dinner one night when he and Dean were sitting in the library sharing some whiskey. “Hey, Dean, you haven’t gone out in a while.”
“Well, then. Let’s poke the bear.” Dean realizes this is the least amount of planning that has gone into any plan he has ever made, and he’s notorious for running in guns ablazing. Still, he can only work with what he’s got, and apparently all he’s got here is being a nuisance.
Castiel suddenly looked awkward and Eileen was quick to reassure him. “Don’t worry, just meet for drinks and see how it goes.”
“Yeah. You missed something like four months ago, man. You know, when I told you Cas and I were doing ‘the opposite of fighting’?” Dean said, looking at him pointedly.
Sam looks at him until it’s clear he’s not going to say anything else. “Alright, then. What’s the plan?”
True heaven: a peaceful future filled with family, both found and blood, a future of their own making
“Vocavi te archangelis Michaelis explicitas et ego inde animorum impetus excitetur sacra itineratur.”
“Dean, wait,” Sam says urgently. “Before you go. I don’t know why this is suddenly more important to you than stopping Chuck. But I need you to come back. I hope this works, I really do. But Dean, I can’t lose you too. I can’t do this without you.”
Castiel looked mildly irritated, but Sam figured he kind of always did and brushed it off. “I suppose. Not like I had any other plans tonight,” he responded, looking at Dean sideways.
“The Empty?” Sam wasn’t sure this really cleared things up. “What was The Empty doing here? How did it even – you know what, that’s not what we need to focus on here. Look, Dean, I’m sorry, but we need to focus on Chuck, set up a new plan of action.”
“Okay kid, you ready?” Dean looks hard at Jack where he has been focused on following the connection he feels to The Empty.
“Dean? You got anything, any ideas?” When Dean still didn’t respond, Sam tried again. “Look, Cas was my friend too. I know it’s hard right now, but we don’t have a lot of time.”
“Dean! Dean what happened, you didn’t answer any of my calls, I thought you were both dead! Where’s Cas? It wasn’t Death, it was Chuck the whole time, we need to talk about what to do next, what’s our plan.” Sam paused, looking at Dean’s distraught face. “…Dean? What happened?”
Sam keeps staring at it in confusion - Dean doesn’t have freckles, where did this thing come from? Dean keeps looking over at him like he’s crazy until finally he’s had enough.
“No? Man, you’re being really weird about these freckles, just. Be safe,” Sam says, exasperated that Dean is being so stubborn about sunblock, of all things.
“What? Suddenly you don’t like Zepp anymore? How are we even brothers.” Dean looks at Sam incredulously.
“Too bad Cas isn’t here, huh?” Sam says as he goes to grab a washcloth to clean the blood off Dean’s leg.
They ended up spending a few days in Duluth before heading back to the bunker. Sam kept needling him for details while clearly trying to seem like he was only interested in the case, but all Dean would say was, “It was fine, it’s taken care of.” Sam looked crestfallen every time and Dean had to bite his cheek to keep from laughing.
Jack, meanwhile, has been searching for Cas in the nothingness with his grace while Dean keeps The Empty distracted. He touches on the echoes of consciousnesses, more than he could ever possibly imagine, searching for the one most familiar to him. As Dean continues to shout at The Empty, he feels a slight difference, almost like the feeling you get when you are waking up and you know it’s happening, but you want to stay asleep. He pushes back at that oddity, nudging it awake faster, and the nothingness seems to pull back like a curtain. Cas is in front of him, not quite conscious yet, but coming around. He runs up to him, throwing his arms around him. Cas seems to come alive at this, his arms coming up around Jack. After only a moment, Cas steps back, confused.
Dean looks around and sees nothing when they walk through the portal. He isn’t sure how he’s standing because there doesn’t seem to be a ground or walls or any sort of dimension at all really. He’s never experienced anything like this absence of anything, this void, and he knows if he stays here too long he will quite literally go insane. He looks over at Jack, who seems slightly less thrown by this place, though Dean is unsure he can even call it a place.
“Actually, Cas,” Dean says hesitantly, “I’ve been thinking recently. I might want to start easing back on hunting. Been thinking about what I really want in life and I think… I think I want to move on.”
Dean huffs a laugh, picturing the air quotes Cas would definitely be making if he were upright. “Yeah, true. Alright, I’m going to go grab us a couple of beers, then we can actually watch a movie.”
“Not, not now, Sammie. I just. I can’t talk about it right now,” Dean mutters, not looking up at him. Sam nods and goes back to looking for a tracking spell.
“Yeah, but Dean wouldn’t miss dinner… I don’t know,” Sam said hesitantly. “Anyway, we’ve got a pretty good list of ideas here, maybe we should go check.”
When they get back from the hunt, Dean goes in search of Cas immediately. He finds him in the Dean Cave, clearly waiting for him with Tombstone pulled up on the TV. Dean joins him on the couch and is about to lean in for a kiss when Sam pokes his head in the door.
“I don’t know, Sam, thought you were supposed to be the smart one,” Dean said laughingly. “Now if you’ll excuse us…” He looked over at Cas and winked. “We’re going to go have real sex now.” He grinned at Sam and Eileen’s blanched faces, grabbed Cas’ hand, and left them to clean up the mess they had made of the storeroom.
He stands up, pulling Cas to his feet with him, his hands on Cas’s arms, feeling him solidly in front of him, definitely alive.
“You’re a deity of a sort, this is what happens when you die!” the Empty was shouting. “Now shut UP already and GO TO SLEEP!”
Cas panicked, Dean’s voice seemed to be fading away again and he couldn’t let him go. Dean was right, it wasn’t his time. He couldn’t let him die, had to do something. His mind was racing, trying to come up with some way he could get back to help him, save him once more. As he stood frozen, he heard the Empty and Billie shouting.
Dean chuckled, looking genuinely happy as he pulled his brother back in. “Thanks, Sammy,” he said softly, Cas smiling at them both over Dean’s shoulder. “Means a lot.”
Dean shakes it off. Of course he will get him back, there is no other option. He reads over the spell, practicing the words he’ll have to say. Sam starts gathering the ingredients they need and, not for the first time, Dean is grateful they found this bunker and that it’s so well stocked. Once they have everything gathered together, Sam adds the first ingredients and Dean begins.
They all sat quietly together as Jack ate his breakfast and Cas made him his drink. He set it down in front of his son, patting his back and softly kissing his forehead comfortingly. Sam knows they started talking about something as Cas sat down, but he couldn’t hear them. All of his focus had zeroed in on Jack and the little freckle that had just bloomed on his forehead.
“It’s not nothing, Dean, your cheeks are starting to get burnt out here. Obviously your skin is more sensitive than it used to be, it’s fine. Just put some damn sunblock on,” Sam insists.
“Man, I haven’t come in my pants from making out on the couch since I was a teenager. That was amazing.”
“How is it I managed to sleep for eons without a single disturbance and then you people, you and your friends come along and ruin everything! No! I will not give in, not this time! I have had enough!” The Empty shouts, pushing closer and closer to Dean, forcing him backwards. “You are going to leave or you are going to die. Your choice,” it hisses.
“You- Cas- The, the… Freckles!” Sam could barely speak. Dean turned almost as red as Sam, glancing over at Cas who was shifting awkwardly in his seat, avoiding eye contact with all of them.
“The Empty doesn’t like being disturbed,” Jack tells him. “From what I remember, it just wants to rest, to have quiet and sleep.”
Cas urgently pounds on the door. After a moment he hears footsteps on the other side before the door swings open and he is face to face with Dean Winchester, alive and looking mostly well.
“No, Sam, we need to. I need to. Cas… said something right before and I can’t leave it at that,” Dean finishes softly.
“No!” he shouted. Dean turned to look at him like he’d gone insane. He cleared his throat and started again. “No, uh, I need…” Shit, he needed to come up with something now. “Snacks! Cas, help me out with the movie snacks. And I think Eileen had a movie in mind, Dean.”
Dean smiles that adorable flirty smile Cas loves. “You got me there sweetheart. Got to admit it does look pretty good on you.”
Sam could not believe the case in Duluth hadn’t worked. In fact, the way Dean clammed up every time he asked about it, it might have even backfired a little. Still, Sam and Eileen were determined and their next plan was sure to work. Neither of them could really believe they had to use it, but clearly Dean and Castiel were more oblivious than they had thought. They were going to set the two up on a blind date together, though they decided to wait a little bit to let Dean cool off from whatever had happened on that last hunt.
He walked out and as soon as he crossed the threshold, Eileen slammed the door and quickly locked it. They grinned at each other, knowing Dean and Cas were sure to figure their shit out quickly now. They stood outside the door waiting to hear what they said, Eileen watching Sam for his translation. Sam could hear them talking to each other but it was low enough he couldn’t make out what they were saying. He was pretty sure he heard Dean laugh and then there was a thud.
“Sammy, you will not believe it. That girl you set me up with stood me up!” Dean was having a hard time keeping himself from breaking as Sam and Eileen’s faces froze and slowly slid into incredulity. “But that’s not even the craziest part. Cas, here, was also supposed to have a date and he got stood up too. At least we didn’t end up alone at the bar, huh Cas?”
“I’m, uh, I’m positive Dean is… fine, Sam. I promise, you do not need to worry about him,” Cas says, panicking internally, before he stands and rushes out the door.
“Uh, because he’d have you fixed up in less than a second?” Sam mimics Cas’ two finger healing touch, looking at Dean like he might have hit his head in the fight.
, he thinks and, as quiet as he can, backs out of the library, leaving the plate of food in the kitchen for them to find.
“Are you sure that’s possible? I mean, the Empty… that’s not something we’ve really dealt with before. And from the little bit you told me,” Sam side-eyes Dean, knowing there had to be more to the story than
“Trying to decide if it’s too late in the day for coffee or not. Probably is. Did you talk to Dean about that spell you found?”
“Alright you two lovebirds, I’m headed to bed,” Dean said, standing up and stretching. “Good movie choice, Eileen, guess you can pick more often. Better than Sam’s choices ever are.” He grinned at Sam, who gave him what he knew Dean would call a classic bitchface.
“Okay, I’ll hit the books, see if I can find anything.” Sam has reluctantly joined this insane plan if only because he’s pretty sure Dean would do something massively stupid if he didn’t.
“Huh. There’s an idea.” Dean hadn’t really considered it, but it’s true, the hunting community really lost something when Ellen died, and not just a good friend. Might be something to consider, further down the road. Cas looks over and smiles at him, knowing he’s really thinking about it. They finish the rest of their breakfasts in silence and Sam goes to call Jody.
“Ten minutes! And they were already there when I sat down! I mean, this is just ridiculous at this point, how can they not see it?”
Eileen waited a couple minutes before turning to Castiel, sure that Sam would be in the room gathering ingredients with Dean by then. “I think Sam actually needs your help with the spell, he must be pretty excited to have forgotten.”
Suddenly, Sam shouts. “I’ve got something! I think this one will definitely work, Dean we’ve got him,” Sam says eagerly. “It should even summon him here.”
Suddenly the nothing in front of him ripples and morphs into a familiar figure. What looks like Meg is standing before him, but this is definitely not Meg. It bares its teeth at him, clearly beyond angry.
“I’m ready.” Jack looks up at Michael. “I will help you find The Empty, so you can open the portal. I’ll go in with Dean, make sure he gets back out okay.”
“I know, Dean, but we need to figure out what to do about Chuck before he destroys the whole world. We’ve got to prioritize right now and I know it’s hard but-”
“Well, Dean is mostly fine. Might’ve gotten a little impaled, but he’s on the mend. You have got to be pretty hungry though,” Sam says, knowing it was an adjustment for Cas the last time he was human.
“Well, there’s no getting it back now, it’s been absorbed by the Empty, so yeah, I think I’m sure,” Cas responds, exasperated, looking at Dean and tilting his head.
They sat at the table in the library as Sam and Jack told Dean what had happened at the silo. Sam was growing increasingly concerned for Dean as he just sat there, staring at his drink and not responding to anything they said. He wasn’t even positive Dean was hearing what they were saying to him. Dean took it hard every time Cas had died before, but something was different this time, worse, and Sam wasn’t sure why. When they finished their story, Dean still just sat there, unmoving.
“Yeah, couple surgeries the first day, they said it’d be normal for you to be out for a few days after. I called an ambulance, you were really scaring me. Kept asking me to tell you it was going to be ok, think you said Cas’ name a couple times. Told the paramedics when they got there we’d been attacked, but managed to fight them off, they didn’t really question it.”
Dean starts getting frustrated after two hours of searching and coming up blank. They’ve found almost nothing, trying a couple spells they thought might be close enough to work, but getting nothing for their efforts.
“Huh. Well, he never used to have freckles before about a month ago. I don’t know, I’m just a little concerned.”
“Seriously. You don’t want to get melanoma, man, get some sunblock.” Sam lets it drop for now, knowing he can bring it up again when they go grocery shopping later that week.
floor, Dean. And in all the years I’ve known you, you’d think you’d have gotten better lines.” Cas smirks, already leading the way to the stairs.
He moves back away from that line of thinking, he hasn’t even got the application filled out completely yet, no use worrying about it too much. Instead, he goes back to thinking about Cas and what he’ll say to him if, no, when he gets him back. He finally falls asleep wondering if he even can come up with the right words to express his feelings.
Cas’ only response is a nip to the back of his neck before he’s pulling Dean’s hips higher and lining up. Slowly, so slowly, he pushes forward in one long thrust until he’s completely seated. They both freeze, panting, caught in the moment. Cas leans back over Dean, laying his chest across his back and reaching up with one hand to grasp at Dean’s hair. He starts to move, shallowly at first, mouthing at Dean’s shoulders as he picks up speed. Dean knows there’s all sorts of noises coming out of his mouth, but he’s too lost in the ecstasy of Cas pounding into him, wrapped around him, taking up every sense, that he can’t manage to care what he sounds like. Cas’ other hand slides underneath him to grasp his cock and each thrust sends him pushing through Cas’ grip. He turns his head farther to the side to meet Cas’ mouth in a messy kiss. Cas leans his forehead against Dean’s and he can feel his breath, so close to his own, panting across his face as Cas screws his eyes shut. He gives one last hard thrust and stays there, grinding deep into Dean.
The hunter stepped forward to take the tan cuff of the trench coat into his hand and brought it up to examine it. It seemed to be an exact replica of the one his Cas wore just stiff from prolonged storage. Without really thinking he dropped the cuff and stepped forward, taking up the lapel instead and bending slightly to bring it to his face.  Closing his eyes, he inhaled the scent of it. Under the dry papery odor of dust, he could just make out the hint of ozone and windswept freshness he’d come to associate with Cas over the years.
Dean startled when he felt the weight of Cas’s hand settle gingerly over his knee. The touch was unsure and barely there at all, but it lit up the hunter’s nerves like a circuit board. He stared at angel’s hand for a beat longer than was probably normal before lifting his eyes up to his face.
The next moment he opened his eyes, he was standing above Dean’s bed just as he had been before, but across from him, in the darkness of the room, was the face from the dream. For a moment or perhaps an eternity he was frozen like a prey animal.
Leaning heavily onto his knees, he turned the sheet over in his hands and folded it open toward the light to reveal some sort of a letter whose neat handwriting he recognized easily.
After a moment, the angel turned his face away from the Dean’s body without breaking contact with his hip, his cheek warm against the top of his thigh. Dean’s heart thundered behind his ribs but he was too stunned by the bizarre turn of events to react.
Still distracted by Dean’s odd behavior, Cas is momentarily confused by Sam’s question but seemed to consider it seriously for a second before deflating, “I don’t believe that your pop culture metaphor will work in my case, I’m sorry Sam.  I don’t think I could describe what I perceive in a way that would make any sense to you.”
Sonia returned a moment later with a bag of ice wrapped in a cloth towel, which the angel took with a nod of thanks and pressed into his aching shoulder.
Sam watched in real time as Evan’s face splotched multiple shades of red. The hunter shuffled his feet between the two with his hand fumbling in his pockets before he could finally take the awkwardness no more and cleared his throat.
She seemed appeased for the moment but her expression told the hunter she would not let this go without a fight.
"So can you, like, leave?" Dean prompted awkwardly, shifting his weight from one foot to the other. “I’m not going to ‘attempt to flee’ through the pipes or something.”
Ahead of him, just beyond the end of the table, an elegant archway fed into what Dean assumed to be the kitchen and as he neared, the sizzle of something cooking in a pan became audible, the smell of coffee and food became richer. The hunter saddled up next to the right side of the archway, candle held drawn up close to his chest as he breathed evenly through his nose in preparation to face whoever he could hear shuffling around in there.
Dean considered his options. The angel clearly didn’t view him as a threat, or a flight risk considering he’d left him alone, so fighting him off or attempting to flee seemed like moot points. So far as Dean knew, the guy was acting out of desperation which explained why his emotions had been all over the place.
“Lead us.” Cas ordered icily, and Dean felt a little jolt down his spine when the gravelly ‘sick of this shit’ tone flanged with the same duel quality it had earlier while he was speaking Enochian; only this time it came on sharper like pressing and dragging fingers across a guitar string.
“Yes.” Cas agreed, only to tilt his head a fraction, his brow furrowing in concentration, “And no. It’s not like sound. At least not entirely and not in the way you would know sound. It’s an all-encompassing sense. There are no definitive borders. It’s a continuation. A flux.” He struggled for a word that Sam could understand but ended up falling on a word in Enochian.
He shook himself out of it before answering. “Not sure exactly, but the vic was killed by something strong enough to crush his bones and sever his spinal cord all in one squeeze. There was some security camera footage available online but it didn’t show much. Just some guy that--” Dean shut his mouth with an audible click before he could say, ‘reminded me of you.’
“Dean,” Castiel meant to sound commanding, but it came out more like an exhausted plea. “We should regroup with Sam and catch him up on what we’ve learned.”
The hunter’s expression was coldly blank and he met Hannah's gaze unflinchingly. The tension in the air around him was palpable. “Try nightmarish,” he growled. “So just get to the goddamned point already.”
The inhuman roar turned his blood to ice. Tears welled behind his eyelids, his breath coming shorter and shallower. Outside the wind howled. A cruel throaty chuckle reverberated against his temple where he could swear he felt the very real press of warm lips. The guilt and the longing crippled his willpower and despite knowing exactly what he would see, he slowly opened his eyes and lifted his gaze.
Sam gave a hum of acknowledgment, quickly taking Jack’s place and maneuvering his hands into the correct positions to pop the joint back into place. “Okay, on three,” He announced, “One--”
“I’m not completely certain, but I have a suspicion that he can hear the prayers directed at me. Earlier when I heard Dean, it was so loud but then abruptly silent. Then seeing Dean so clearly put to sleep...this imposter must have put him under to prevent him from reaching out through prayer again.”
Despite his initial apprehension, Dean practically melted beneath the heavy pelting of water just hot enough to begin to steam the glass and fog up his reflection as his head finally began to clear.
"The picture is of no consequence: it pales in comparison to the real thing." The angel told him in a gentle fond manner.
Then there were times like now when he imagined Cas innocently disheveled and unaware with soft features and softer lips parted and waiting...and begging...
For a long time, he remained silent, but Dean could see in his body language that he was warring with himself. It was difficult to quash the sympathy he could still feel swelling in his chest.
Halfway through the song, Dean's eye slid over to his snoozing brother after a particularly loud snore drew his attention, silently amused by the general dishevelment that came along with sleeping in moving vehicles. His shoulders were drawn up close to his ears. His arms were snuggly crossed with his head lulled to the side and propped against his own discarded canvas coat where it was wedged snuggly between the headrest and the door panel. The majority of his stupid long hair was tucked behind the side of his face smooshed against the makeshift pillow, but a fair bit of wind loosened locks billowed endearingly around the open window.
The younger men seemed to become instant friends, chattering away about their respective involvement in the case while Castiel made his way across the road to meet Sam near the back of the car. Sam couldn’t help but smile at the pair, shaking his head at their exchange. It fell as he turned to see the angel’s sullen expression.
Dean’s fingers twisted in his pillow, the muscle in his jaw jumping against the strain of tension from the nightmare, and Cas didn’t waste any more time as he reached down to brush his fingers against the hunter’s temple, determined to ease whatever horrors he was mired in but the moment his skin made contact, his celestial energy is hurled across the dimensional divide between the waking world and the dream world.
“Sorry, this is all I have.” He said abashedly, handing over a pink and white striped candle along with a small pack of matches.
In the locker room, he disrobed and redressed quickly in just a pair of sweats he's snatched from the laundry room on the way, before heading out onto the mats and starting in on the heavy bag. The Mark at least seemed to be sated by the physical exertion of thoroughly pummeling the thing, the sharpness of its full fury fading into the dull ache he was used to.
"Attaboy, c'mon, let's get you some ice-cream, something to balance out all that salt from the crying," Dean snorted, hoping at least his lame attempts at joking would lighten the air between them, and thankfully, Castiel giggled— it was a laugh, but it was too cute to be a laugh. Dean helped him up to his feet, and led him into the kitchen.
The voice sounded too familiar to be comforting, which Castiel realised the moment he turned around. Of course, the only person with a deep voice, second to Castiel, had to be Dean Winchester.
An unexpected laugh rumbled past Dean's lips, a laugh so free and unrestrained, that it made Castiel realise, that if there was any possibility of him ever
Castiel smiled at that, tugging Dean down for a kiss as he spread his legs open, ready for another round.
"You promised me—" Castiel started, and Dean groaned quietly, before dropping his head on the table and pushing the meat of his palms into his eyes.
If the fucked out, blissful, ecstatic expression on Dean's face was to judge by, he had enjoyed just as much as Castiel had.
After all, the app ran on closeted middle-aged men jacking off to pictures of tiny little things with thick bottoms and boobs.
"Daddy—" Castiel called out, eyebrows furrowed and mouth dropped open, as he clenched his hole around Dean's cock and made his hole tighter for Dean to fuck into. Dean cursed under his breath, a soft
With a deep breath, he rung the buzzer, and stepped back awaiting an answer. A few seconds later, Dean heard the door creak open, and standing at the front was Castiel, dressed in a casual navy-blue Henley shirt and a pair of black sweatpants. At the sight of Dean, he broke into a grin and let his eyes trail down Dean's body. Dean stood, silent for a moment, allowing Castiel to study him. With every passing second, Castiel's mouth parted wider, and Dean noted as his eyes grew wide.
With quiet, light steps, Dean tip-toed towards the kitchen. He promised himself to sneak a glance, and if it was someone bigger than him, he would make a run for it, but if it wasn't, he could threaten them to let him stay for a while.
If there was anything that had changed, it was the mood in the room. Naomi's presence had dwindled the comfort Dean had been basking in. Once again, he had started to doubt himself and be uncertain. And everyone seemed to have picked up on the mood, because Michael, who had been laughing a mere few seconds ago, had gone strangely silent.
"God, look at you Novak, pretending to be all goody-goody, all smart and pure, but really, you're just a bitch, aren't you? A bitch who likes to get fucked in her tight, little hole like a whore." Dean pulled his fingers out, rolled on a condom, slicked his cock up, and pressed the head to Castiel's hole. Castiel gasped, and let out a loud, breathy moan. Dean was big, hung like a horse, and throbbing when he filled Castiel up— so deep, so good.
selfie of him in bed, and Dean replied with a heart-eyes GIF. Something— no, somebody nudged him in the side, and he turned around to meet his classmate, a boy whose name he wasn't quite sure of, since he hadn't really taken the time to know everyone.
"And just because she called you one, you turned into one, right." Castiel snapped, his wide eyes glaring down at Dean. "You just keep thinking of yourself, Dean, every damn time, it's always me, myself and I. It's never about what I think, what I want. I'm sick of it, god, I'm sick of you." But before Dean could even retort, Castiel was sighing, and turning away from the table. Without a single glance backward and a barely suppressed sob, Castiel dashed out of the dining room, and disappeared around the corner.
"I want you to fuck me in the classroom on Monday afternoon after everyone's gone." Castiel just said it. Honestly, there was no point beating around the bush.
Dean let his hands glide around Castiel's back, feeling shameless as ever, as he grazed his nails down his warm, firm back, and watched as Castiel struggled to keep his eyes open. "D-Dean—" Castiel gasped, and Dean watched as he moved away, much to Dean's surprise, and rolled over to face the wall on the other side.
"Nah," Dean chuckled, "-god, oh god, that's— you posted that twenty minutes ago? Damn, you must be an attention whore for
The wet fingers in his ass slipped out, and instead, Castiel watched as the man came into his hand with a hard, low grunt, and his come coated the insides of his hand. A few seconds passed, where Castiel simply regained his breath (not his conscience), before the man met his eyes and cocked an eyebrow. Castiel looked at him with confusion, before watching as the man's come-covered hand hovered before his face. Needless to say, Castiel leaned forward and licked the man's finger clean, swallowing every bit of disgusting, musky semen down his throat, and sucking the man's fingers into his mouth.
Naomi had asked, a strange but lingering smile on her face, and Castiel had faltered. They had been lounging on the couch in the living room, and Castiel's father was busy reading the morning newspaper next to Naomi. At that, however, he had glanced up to be part of the conversation.
Just like that, Castiel was falling back down on the bed, covered in semen and sweat, and Dean fell back down against him.
The rest went silent, and Castiel studied Dean. Dean seemed to be uncertain. His passive, hooded eyes roamed across the floor, and for a moment, Castiel could see the regret and the contempt in his eyes. Unable to watch Dean like that, Castiel reached a hand out to Dean, and squeezed their palms together. Dean stared up at him, considering something. Castiel could see the gears crunching in his mind.
"Because," Castiel finally put his phone aside and sat up straight, his eyes gazing right into Dean's, "-I just do."
The song ended, and the host rambled on about Metallica and Led Zeppelin, before jumping into the next song, which just so happened to be a Zeppelin song, and both Dean and Castiel turned to each other at the same time, only to break into a chuckle. Before they could finish humming along to the song, Dean was pulling into the a parking spot next to a small, mediocre-looking diner.
"Yeah, not tonight. Tonight I ain't sharing you with anyone." Dean pressed a kiss to Castiel's forehead, and Castiel almost melted. "I honestly didn't think you'd be up for it tonight. Thought you'd want to wait a little longer. I know I would have if I was in your place."
Cas, I told you to stay away. Every time you threatened Cas, I couldn't do a single thing. Once, because he never meant anything to me, and once, when he meant something to me. I would have ripped you to shreds," Dean snarled, watching as Alastair tried to push him away, but failed, and tried to shove Dean's iron-tight grip off his neck, "-if Cas hadn't been there. But you know what? Cas ain't here today. And after what you did to him, I'm gonna' take your broken, beaten ass to him like a motherfuckin' trophy."
After a few moments passed by, when at once, Dean held his hand out in the space above them, simply letting it hover there, and Castiel stared at it blankly for a second. He turned to study Dean, whose eyes were passive and mature, so tender and yet rigid— it was as if Castiel had fallen in love with Dean all over again. Absently, he reached his own hand out to slide it across Dean's. Castiel brushed his fingertips against the raised skin, where he knew John bad beaten him years ago. Dean seemed to blink out of his trance, and he turned his hand around to clasp Castiel's, with a loopy smile on his face.
"You know I've been reading up on some things about people who, erm, people who, people who went through the same thing you did—" Dean started, and Castiel noted how his voice dropped, "—and they said, most of them at least, said therapy helps. I mean," Dean looked up at Castiel, and in his eyes, Cas could see resolution, "—you're rich, Cas, you can afford a good shrink. Maybe talking about it will help you. Even if it helps in the slightest, it's better than nothing, don't you think?"
"Mother," Castiel grumbled, and Dean simply turned his eyes down to the floor. "-if you're going to pick a fight, I'd rather escort Dean and myself out."
"I'm sorry. I know I don't deserve your forgiveness, hell, not in the slightest. But I just want you to know that I'm going to change. I'm not gonna' keep being the monster that I was. I'm gonna' do good. I'm gonna' try my best to make people happy. And I'm sorry that I met you before I could realise this, and thank you, in some way for making me realise this."
Monday came in the blink of an eye. Castiel and Dean were their usual dorky self. And Michael, who had been tailing Castiel around for the past few days, was still tailing around but with a big, wide sulk. He tried his damn best to win Castiel over again. If only Castiel knew what he had planned.
It was endearing, how much Dean was trying his best for Cas, and he felt his throat tighten up at the way Dean was speaking about therapists, about Cas, about getting better.
"I'll see you tomorrow, Dean," Was all he said, before scampering out the library, leaving Dean alone and dejected, wallowing in his own insecurities.
The sticky, warm feeling of Alastair's nose breaking under Dean's fist filled Dean with an odd, sadistic sort of a pleasure, and he laughed, going at it over and over again.
Dean's eyes snapped over to see who it was. It was Anna Milton, a thin, scrawny red-head he had once had a fling with. But she was a good person, and Dean was glad she was standing up.
Castiel wanted to shout at him. To grab a book, and smack it across his handsome, chiseled face. To claw Lisa out of his lap and push her away. To tell Dean that he—
"That's amazing, baby, I mean, I don't know what to say. I'm just glad, mostly." Dean smiled, and clapped a hand over Castiel's shoulder.
This was all he said at the end. "Just get the lube or whatever. And condoms. And if we get caught by a teacher, it's on you, 'kay?"
"Eh—erm, we should uhm—" Castiel stuttered out, face searing with heat, as he hung his head down, trying to hide the pinkness of his cheeks and his ear, hoping Dean wouldn't be able to see him, but Dean seemed just as embarrassed.
He should have known better. He should have known better than to fall for his mother's facade. And sure, Michael had been a good host, decent at the very least, but then the moment Naomi had laid her eyes on Dean, she had gone stern.
"Sure, you can call me naive, confused, or even disillusioned for saying that, but Dean is my present and my future. I want a place for him in my future, much more than I want for you. And he's right, mother. He was right, about every single thing he said. And I still shut him out, that was my fault. But I'm going over to make things right. Unlike you, I really do take responsibility for my mistakes."
. Dean wasn't touching him, not a single finger, and yet, it was by far, the most diabolical thing Dean had done to Castiel. He'd made Castiel sit through his lecture with an ass full of Dean's, thick, sticky semen, and a large, ribbed plug.
Castiel narrowed his eyes at Dean, who felt himself falter under Castiel's gaze. "She's a nice girl." Castiel started, words drifting off into the silence.
Even as he took a drag of the cigarette, and let the smoke slip past his lips, something lingered in his expression that hurt Castiel to see. Regret. Guilt. Exhaustion. It was the face of a man who had seen too much in life, most of which he never wished to. A person who had been beaten and bruised and yet, wanted to keep living. Dean didn't have the face of a boy, as boyish as it may be. Mannerisms and personality wise, he had grown into a man, and it reflected in his eyes.
Castiel faltered at that, and Dean watched as he went pink in the face, only to send Dean another blinding smile, and pull him down into an easy, languid kiss.
But then why was Castiel's face the only thing he could see every time he thought of love? Or the first thing he thought of every morning? Or the last thing he thought of every night?
Castiel's laugh faded into a smile, and he ran a finger down Dean's face. "Every time you smile at me, I feel like I'm falling in love with you again too."
, and Dean followed Castiel inside, up the flight of stairs and into his dry, blank, lifeless white room. The room was drenched in a soft, warm yellow glow, not too bright, not too dark, and Dean toed his boots off as he followed Castiel to the bed. Castiel fell back on the bed, hands stretched above his body, an action that reminded Dean of a cat, and it made him smile, but also wonder if Castiel was really alright. If anything, the past few hours had been the hardest for Castiel, moreso than anyone.
Rough and quick, that was how they usually did it— but today, Dean seemed different. His eyes were softer. They were not crazed with lust, but with passion, and Castiel had learnt to distinguish between the two already. Dean didn't grab Castiel by the back of his neck, the way he always did when he was letting himself loose, but this time, he cradled a hand across Castiel's jaw, not pushing him down, simply guiding. And Castiel found himself melting at the tender touch as he sucked at Dean's throbbing, red cock in his mouth. His startling green eyes gazed straight down into Castiel's, not allowing Castiel a single second to look away. Castiel felt small, smaller than he had ever before as Dean stared down at him.
Tears stung Castiel's eyes, and the hair on the back of his neck rose as he thought of the next, plausible situation— a situation he could never fathom going through. A situation he would never even wish upon his staunchest enemies. A situation where Alastair ra—
Castiel sighed and fished his phone out of his pocket. He was going to leave, go home, and sleep. He didn't want to spend another minute here, especially since his fit with Dean had ruined his mood, and all he could do was cry, all he
"Anything else, doctor?" Castiel asked, as he buttoned his shirt up. Dr. Sunders, a sweet, young lady in her early thirties, smiled down at him, and ran a hand through his hair. Castiel hadn't planned on spending his Sunday morning in a hospital, but Dean had insisted on getting a physical check-up after what had happened on Friday.
Dean sucked in a breath, and reached out to wipe his fingers on a tissue paper, before leaning against the table, "-Cas, come on, there must be something you're feeling, right? After Friday? And I just want you to be open with me, you know I'm always here for you, right?"
Dean grinned, leaning down to press a kiss to Castiel's forehead. Castiel squirmed under his tender gaze, and dug his nails into Dean's bicep. He felt Dean drag his lips lower, until they reached Castiel's neck, and nibbled at the flesh to leave bites— almost every where. And the one bite at his collar bone, paired with a particularly sharp thrust from Dean had Castiel teetering over the edge of his orgasm. "Dean, I'm coming—"
For a moment, all Dean did was stare at him. He watched as the afternoon sun glinted across Castiel's face, and set his ocean-blue eyes ablaze with their gleam, of how Castiel smiled with his cheeks pushed up into his eyes, of how every single thing that was good and pure and beautiful in the world was nothing in comparison to Castiel. Of how Dean wanted to hide Castiel away in the warmth of his arms, and keep him there for the rest of his life. Dean watched and wondered, how Castiel Novak could think he was ugly, when to Dean, even the universe seemed to fall to its knees outshone by Castiel's beauty.
Alastair laughed, and Castiel watched as he stalked forward toward Castiel, crowding him up against the railing. Castiel considered jumping off the railing, but it was a good few feet above the ground, and he'd end up with a broken bone. Before he had time to think, though, Alastair was leaning into his space, his breath reeking of alcohol,
"Yeah," A smile crept across Dean's face as he let his eyes wander into the distance, "-and this laugh, that's just, so free and bright. And when he smiles, I don't even know what to say, I'm just, so speechless. And every time I do or say something he doesn't like, he gets all pouty and grumpy. It's so fun teasing him. And, and, and he hates that I smoke. He doesn't say it out loud, but he scrunches up his nose every time he smells the smoke. I'm trying to quit for him." Dean turned to the side to meet Benny's face, only to find Benny staring at him, his mouth hung open and eyes wide.
"Dean," Bobby sucked in a breath, "-I want you to know that everything we speak about right now is completely unofficial. I'm not your teacher right now, you're not my student. I'm just uncle Bobby, and you're just Dean, 'kay?"
was the real one. Which is why, when school ended on Friday, Castiel watched as Dean grabbed his backpack, and slipped out of the classroom. Castiel followed after him, and noticed how Dean sneaked into the emergency stairwell, instead of the staircase leading down to where their cars or cycles were parked. Usually, Dean would hop into his black, classic car and be on his way home. But that did not seem to be the case today.
Another moan spilled past Castiel's lips, and he let his eyes roll to the back of his head as he arched his back into the man's disgustingly perverted touch. The hands at his cock slid to the waistband of his jeans on his back, and thick, long fingers dipped inside.
"Castiel." Gordon swallowed thickly, and the air between them began to fill in with unease and awkwardness.
Castiel stood silent for a moment. "Because fighting with them would make you one of them. And you're better. I
"Oh yes," He moaned out, and God, he didn't even have to pretend, Dean was just that good. One finger became two, and two became three until Dean was thrusting the fingers and curling them inside Castiel, fucking him with obscene, sticky sounds rising through the air. "Your cock, Dean, fuck— give me your cock."
Even then, he felt somebody staring at him. Their gaze was nagging and intense, and already Castiel knew who it belonged to. But he couldn't find it in himself to turn back and face them just yet.
"But you like it, don't you?" Castiel shot back, just as sharp, "-threatening me? It gets your dick throbbing, doesn't it?"
Footsteps pattered down the staircase, and Dean knew at once who it was. It was his father, and at once, Dean's cheery demeanor dissolved into nothing as he broke a few eggs onto the pan, watching them sizzle.
"Cas, you just spent twenty-minutes alone in a room with two men you despise. I'd call that more than strong, sweetheart. But it's alright. You don't have to do it anymore. You're fine, I got you, okay? You're my brave boy, right Cas?"
Castiel moaned, and his thighs nudged against the edge of the desk before Dean was lifting him up onto the wood. Castiel gasped, and Dean swiftly rid him of his trousers, leaving Castiel buck-naked, before pushing him down on the desk. Their hazy, lusty eyes stayed held, and Dean pressed a hand into Castiel's chest, before dragging it down to Castiel's beautiful, pink, cock.
"—right, so what Castiel and I decided was to create a group of every single person who had ever been hurt by Alastair, verbally, physically, or sexually, like some freshmen and juniors too, and file an official complaint to have him suspended."
"Mhm," Cas smiled, and burrowed into Dean's arms, "—all me. I didn't want to study. And I was bored and tired of sleeping around. Do you like it?"
With a smile, Castiel went home that evening, fucking himself on a dildo to the memories of the stranger's lusty green eyes and thick, pink monster cock.
"How'd you guys even get together? Didn't you hate each other or something?" Meg snorted, and reached for some ice-cream.
the first touch of the cool air to his cock had Dean twitching, and he spit into his hand before stroking it over his cock. He was huge, bigger than average, and he knew it. Ten inches was quite big, and he wondered in the back of his mind, whether the boy would even be able to fit all of him inside.
Meg sniffled, and Castiel realised she had tears in her eyes. Before he could move, though, Dean had walked over to her to rub a hand down her back.
"We won't make him suffer, Anna," Castiel said with conviction as he pressed a hand to Anna's back, "—we're just going to give him a taste of his own medicine. And if that entails suffering, we can't help it."
"It's Castiel," Dean panted after a few moments, once they were outside the farmhouse, on the porch where Castiel had turned his back to Dean not more than a few minutes ago, "-Alastair he— Alastair has him, Benny he's going to—"
Castiel, still giddy about his win, as trivial as it may be, walked out the door and into the emergency stairwell with Dean following after him. They spoke about some of Queen's music, and in a very decent, civilised manner at that (surprisingly), before wandering towards their classroom, shoulders pressed and faces bright as they slipped into their classroom. Having a
"Not now, Dean," Castiel sighed, as he swung his legs over the edge of the single bed, and turned his face down. There were things, several things Castiel hadn't told Dean yet. Truth was, he didn't know how to. He knew it would hurt Dean, but he couldn't predict what Dean would do
"Pity," Castiel quirked a lip, and Dean watched as he bounced his shoulder with a smirk, "-I'm very sexy."
Their gazes held for a second, and Dean could feel the electricity crackle between them. Dean wasn't going to back down first, and Castiel sure didn't seem like he was either, which left Dean with no choice but to continue staring. Only when Castiel's eyes dropped down to glance at Dean's lip did Dean falter, and slouched back, dejected. Castiel smirked, bastard that he was, before sighing, and holding a hand towards the staircase.
The objective was easy. Get Dean to fuck him. Sure, Castiel could blatantly just ask Dean to fuck him, but knowing Dean, the boy would always ask if there was something in it for him. And the perfect opportunity presented itself as a group project in Chemistry where Castiel was paired up with Dean.
Dean nodded, and pulled into the driveway to his home. "Sounds great, you wanna' get the forum thing started? I could ask Sammy, or we could just, Google it."
Because his expressions seemed to darken, his eyes grew deeper and cleared his throat, more to school himself than the others, as his eyes lingered upon Castiel's spread thighs. When their eyes met again, Castiel smirked, and as softly as possible, rocked down on the large, long plug inside him. Now to anyone who didn't know better, they'd think Castiel was simply trying to get comfortable in his seat. But Dean? Dean knew. Dean knew Castiel was fucking himself on a large, cock-shaped butt plug, and that's right, Castiel was the one doing the teasing now.
"Novak, I'm sorry," Gordon's voice was breaking, "—I'm sorry, I really am. You don't have to, don't have to forgive me, ever, ever. But I'm gonna' leave. Nick and I, we're moving. We won't be coming back to Lawrence any time soon, and we'll do our best in life, alright? Please, please just— I'm sorry— I don't know what to say, but I want you to know that you helped us. And we won't ever, ever forget this, Castiel, we won't ever forget you for showing us the right way."
At the commotion, all eyes in the room snapped to Dean, and Alastair pushed Castiel away, his head banging back against the wall as Alastair jumped away from him. Nick and Gordon, his loyal servants, stood at the side, ready to charge at Dean when at once, Alastair zipped himself up, and turned to Dean. Something vile, something disgusting spread across his face, something perverse and twisted in the way he grinned at Dean— crooked and haughty.
"That's—" Dean's eyes brightened, and he broke into a small smile, "—sure Cas, Sammy's a genius. He'll figure something out soon."
Benny sucked in a loud breath, and pushed his tray away. "Maybe he's scared, Dean. I mean, it's only been a few days. Wouldn't you be scared in his place? Besides, you went psycho over what you saw, he's probably worried about what you'd do if you found out what actually went down."
Even now, if Castiel didn't reign his thought and his mind continually, his mind would wander back to the night, the night where these very men touched him in a way Castiel wouldn't even wish on his enemies.
Tears welled at the rim of his eyes unbidden, and he tried to blink them away while Dean was asleep. He shoved his palm into his eyes to rub away the tears, only to feel another drop of tears roll down his face.
"Oh," Dean grinned "—you caught us. But if you'd be willing to, I'd love to rectify a few things on the contract. In private."
Without a word, Castiel rose up to his feet, and pressed his lips on to Dean's, swirling around the salty taste of Dean's cock in their mouths, and Dean took the chance to claw his shirt off. Both, Castiel's jacket and button-up lay in a puddle on the ground, and Dean pulled away to sink his teeth into his taut, smooth shoulders, branding every inch of his skin as he led the younger man to his desk.
Castiel cracked a cynical smile. "So, if we per say, decided to contact the police authorities of Lawrence, and filed a case against not only Alastair Knight, but also you, and this school, you would allow it?"
"How'd you get in?" Castiel asked, pausing their music to study Dean, who was dressed in his usual flannel, a brown canvas jacket, jeans and boots.
Back in class, Dean tried concentrating, but he simply couldn't. In his mind, he kept seeing the sight of Castiel, being used and violated, and he couldn't bear it.
Dean kicked his boots off his feet, and sprang himself down on Castiel's bed haphazardly, as if he owned the fucking place, and surfed through his phone, clicking and typing animatedly. Sighing, Castiel sat down at his desk and pulled out a pen. He grabbed a few sheets, and began writing down the question number, followed by the formula, and then, after a few minutes had passed in a strange silence between them, Dean spoke up.
How he desperately wished he could have changed his past, how he could have asked Dean to stay, and perhaps, Dean would have stayed, and they wouldn't have to go through what they did the night before.
"God, you're disgusting," Dean groaned, and let his hand fall away. He folded his collar up, and unbuttoned the top of his shirt to let some air in, and Castiel stood pressed against the wall, shame and guilt drenching him. Tears threatened to spill past his eyes as he wrapped an arm across his chest and held onto his elbow, rubbing a circle into his own skin in an attempt to soothe himself.
but before Castiel knew it, he was shaking, clamping a hand shut over his mouth, and crying into his palm. He kept his eyes to the ground, not daring to look up at Gordon.
Which is why he let out a soft sigh, before setting his phone down on the lid of the toiletseat, and starting the video recording. He unbuckled his zipper, pushing his uniform trousers down until they pooled at his ankles, and bent over the wall, sticking his plump, jutting ass out and reaching back to spread it open, revealing to the camera the tiny, green plug nestled in his glistening, pink hole.
Please heed the tags and do not read this chapter if you are easily triggered by certain words or descriptions.
"Cas, I—" A tear rolled down Dean's face as he locked his jaw, and tried to compose himself, "—Cas, you— why didn't you tell me sooner?"
Bobby rolled his eyes, and slipped down on his chair, pulling out some binders to get to work. Dean reached for the door knob, before a sound from behind him caught his ear.
"Dude, you think of how to get more people on your back yet? Two weeks's a lotta' time, but getting people to come on board is the harder part. How we going to do that?"
"So, you'd much rather let a rapist stay in your school to protect your reputation? Wow. That's very noble of you to do, Mrs.
"But Alastair—" Dean started, but paused when Castiel turned to look at him. Something within his eyes changed— from calm to morose, to something tragic, and Dean realised, it looked
, Dean should've had better self control. All he could think of was those eyes looking up at him with those plump, thick lips wrapped around his cock. God, fucking the boy's face would feel
"Oh, for sure." Meg winked at her. Anna blushed, which caused Meg to blush, and Dean, Castiel and Benny were left to wonder. Dean slung an arm around Castiel's shoulder, and pulled him in for a slight hug. Dean leaned into Castiel's ear, as discreet as possible, as the others broke out into conversation.
Castiel turned to him, incredulous and flustered, before turning his eyes away, towards the rest of the group. "Erm," He started, "—Dean and I will be leaving now. We'll talk to Sam about the website. See you guys on Monday."
"Is it about Friday?" Mr. Singer asked in the softest voice, and Castiel snapped his eyes up to gape at him. He glanced at Meg for a moment, before turning back to Mr. Singer.
Castiel watched, silent and observant, as Dean settled the guitar onto his thigh, and brushed his fingers down the strings hesitantly.
Castiel's smile dropped in an instant, and he huffed, turning his head away from Dean, who read through the notes.
The bell rung, English class over, Mrs. Barnes turned to the door and walked out the class. The students all let loose, chattering and laughing amongst their friends, and Dean himself turned back to Benny to tease him about something he'd said. But then. The classroom door shut.
he was supposed to be strong for Castiel, he was supposed to protect him, keep him safe, keep him happy, and here he was, crying into Castiel's lap.
Dean couldn't swallow his food. He simply couldn't. On his side, Castiel's eyes had turned down, his face had lost all colour, and his lips pressed into a flat line. He fidgeted with the hem of his shirt, and Dean couldn't help but feel his chest heave with pain.
"—but I couldn't do it. I couldn't be a monster. But I promise you, Cas, and please take my word for this, Alastair won't ever bother you again. After what I did—"
"Good," Castiel mumbled, wiping away his tears on the back of his hand, "—I don't want anything to do with you."
NOTE: The next chapter will be from Dean's POV but it will pick up from the scene where Dean walked away from Castiel. The next two chapters all happen in the same course of time.
Castiel visibly relaxed. He rubbed his hand across his face, and turned to Anna. "After school, meet me in the library. And anyone else who wishes to join us. You don't have to actively try to fight the system with us, but the presence of your support is much more appreciated than you realise."
And yet, he decided not to make a mountain of a molehill, and assumed his place at the back of the class silently, waiting for their homeroom teacher to come in. He glanced down at his phone in his hand, where Cas had sent him a text, a
"Use your words, Castiel," Dean growled, as he pounded into Castiel's tight, little boypussy, and had him arching his back with every thrust. Dean could feel Castiel's searing hot, moist flesh suck him in deeper, and he let out a staggered breath, feeling his orgasm creeping through his gut as he fucked Castiel.
Benny rubbed a hand over his palm, and shifted back in his seat, fidgeting with his hands for a moment before turning back to Dean. "The other day, on Friday, when I took Cas home, I helped him settle down. Water, some food, but he didn't eat much. I helped him change his clothes, y'know, they were torn everywhere, and erm," Guilt flashed in Benny's eyes, and Dean felt his breath hitch at whatever Benny was going to say—
"What can I say? It's not everyday that I see such bright-minded men walk into my room." He sneered, and watched Castiel lean back in his chair.
Absently, Castiel reached a hand out to squeeze Dean's shoulder, not knowing if it would help or if Dean would brush it off. Surprisingly, Dean leaned into the touch, and his eyes fluttered shut as he breathed in a deep breath.
"How, Ben?" Dean breathed out, voice exasperated, "-How do I even tell him? I don't even know if he likes me back."
"I— yes," She breathed out, and Dean stepped before her, letting her cower behind him as he stared down at Alastair.
almost kill someone for him. But there it was again, the thrill. The thrill of knowing that Dean had done it
If only Dean hadn't been a mature man in his forties with control over his actions, he would have come thrice so far.
"Don't even think about it, remember what Dr. Sunder said? Two weeks, buddy. Hold your horses for two weeks."
for Alastair to stop, he might be wishing, praying, hoping someone would come— he was never good at standing up for himself. And the one time Dean had wanted to stand up for him, to teach Alastair a lesson once and for all, to show him not to mess with Castiel
Dean paused. He continued to state up at their linked hands hovering in the air above them, before quirking his lips in the slightest.
"Ah yes, Novak, Masters, and who'd y'all get with you? Dean and Lafitte. That's it? That's your team?" Mr. Singer asked, and Castiel sighed.
Castiel could only grin, but before Castiel could say anything further, Dean was hooking his arms under Castiel's thighs, and lifting him up off the ground. Castiel yelped, and tightened his arms around Dean's neck, before letting out a sigh.
A minute must have passed at the most, when Castiel felt a finger poke his shoulder. This time, he refrained from giving into Dean's antics.
Dean dragged his lips down to Castiel's neck, relishing in the breathless moans coming from the younger man, before sinking his teeth into the supple, sweaty skin at Castiel's neck. He felt Castiel's hand tangle through his hair, keeping him in place, rubbing across his scalp. Their chests heaved with laboured breaths, and Dean brought his hands up to tease Castiel's nipples through the fabric of his button-up.
Watching Castiel study at the school library was as boring as could be. The boy barely deviated from his work, kept his focus on his books, and ignored Dean's insistent pestering. It had been an hour already, and the only reason Dean had ever agreed to come with Cas to the library was because he'd promised Castiel he would be a better person two days ago, and apparently, being a better person involved studying. Dean sighed, and twirled his pen around in his hand. He glanced into Castiel's notebooks and saw pages filled with neat, round handwriting, pencil underlines, formulas, highlighted key words, post-it notes; in his notebook, a giant dick with three hairs sticking out from the ball sac.
Castiel turned his face up, their noses brushing in the slightest as his plump, pink lips hovered across Dean's, and his minty, warm breath tingled Dean's skin. "I don't want you to, Dean."
"Of course sweetheart." Dean's nimble fingers slid Castiel's trousers down to his thighs, before hooking under the string of the panties Castiel had worn,
"Cas, you— you're the strongest person I've seen, alright? And the bravest, the kindest, the most beautiful person I've ever seen. And I'm not leaving you, ever. Heck, I'd give up every dream I have to be with you, Cas, because if I have you, I don't need anything else. You're my biggest win. And I love you more than anything. But whatever fight we've got to face, we're facing it together, capische?"
"Yeah. It is. And I'm tired of being asked why I don't want more. As mediocre as my dreams may be, they're mine. And no one can change my mind."
It wasn't until a few more thrusts of his spent cock inside Castiel's creampied hole, that Castiel let out a loud gasp. He tightened his hands around Dean, and Dean watched as his cocklet squirted out a thin, white splatter of come across his oversized t-shirt.
for Dean— a light, apple-green coloured lace. Dean pressed his lips to Castiel's hipbones. He caught the fabric between his teeth, dragging it down until it pooled at Castiel's thighs, and Castiel let out a choked whimper at the feeling of having his cock and hole exposed to the cool wind; to Dean, whose blackened pupils gazed up at Castiel with such intensity, Castiel's cock twitched. A smile pulled at the corner of Dean's lips as he watched Castiel press his hand into his mouth to muffle his moans.
"I called you eighteen times, and you didn't answer. I couldn't wait, I didn't want to wait. I— I couldn't let you go." Castiel's voice went softer, "—You're all I have, Dean."
Dean had just stepped out of the bathroom after his routine Saturday shower, which had taken him almost a hour considering he had worked the whole morning on one of his father's client's car in the garage, and the grease had clung to him too tight. He shook his wet hair once, and rubbed a towel into it, before reaching for his phone on the night stand. He sat down at the edge of his bed, and scrolled through his messages, only to find one at the very top— Castiel's.
So, Castiel Novak did the one thing he knew would for sure have Michael crying himself to sleep— he fucked the one person Michael hated with all his being. And
Dean watched him for a moment, before making his way over to the bed. Castiel scooted to the side to make space for him, and watched as Dean dropped down beside him, sinking back into the pillows and pulling Castiel flush against him. Castiel chuckled, before giving into Dean's childishness, and felt Dean bury his face against Castiel's stomach.
Castiel trembled for a moment, before leaning his face into Dean's hand, rubbing his cheek against Dean's palm. Dean crouched down until his face was an inch away from Castiel's, and curled his hand around Castiel's jaw, eyes tracking every single bruise on his once radiant face.
Gordon let out a loud, pained wail as he stumbled backwards, his arms trembling as his fingers contorted and bled.
The tension that once seized Dean's body seeped into the floor as he took step after step towards Alastair, who watched him with uncertainty.
He wanted to forget, he really did. He wished, so desperately, that when he opened his eyes, the pain and the hurt would disappear, but it never did.
It wasn't as if Castiel had taken an oath against ever seeing Dean, but he hadn't expected stumbling into him as quick as he did either. And there Dean stood, a plastic cup in his hand held above his shoulder to save it from being spilt, dressed in a flannel, a leather jacket, ripped black jeans and black leather boots. He was handsome, moreso than ever, and the width of his shoulders seemed to be somehow accentuated by the leather jacket. Castiel had never felt as small as he did in the one moment where Dean seemed to tower over him, his eyes wide and gaping at Castiel.
Seething, red rage succumbed Alastair, and his sidekicks, the dispensables, they charged towards Dean with heavy steps, a look of sheer wrath in their eyes. Behind him, Dean felt Castiel pulling him back, mumbling over and over again in a feeble voice, "-Dean, let's go, let's just go, Dean, please, Dean—"
"It is," Castiel smiled, and let his head rest back against the wall as he shuffled his playlist, and Dean sat pressed to Castiel's side, shoulder to shoulder, and they listened to the song bloom into the chorus, with Dean drumming his fingers against his thigh, and Castiel tapping his foot.
"How about we go somewhere quiet, fag? Somewhere private, just the two of us having the time of our lives, doesn't that sound great?" Alastair growled, and Castiel felt his body tense up under their hands, "-and then, when we're all alone, you can keep screaming, shouting, begging me to stop. But I won't."
Dean grinned, and stole a kiss off Castiel's lips. "Oh, he left a while ago. Family emergency. He'll be at your office in a while. You guys should go on ahead."
"Winchester? Thought you left with your faggot boyfriend. He's a great cocksucker by the way. Let me use him like a good little whore. Pretty lips, pretty hole. It's a shame I couldn't go past sticking a finge—"
"God," Dean gasped as he pulled away for breath, dark, wild eyes staring up at Castiel, "—I can't believe you're real."
, Castiel punched him right in the gut, and Dean fell back on the floor, hugging himself in pain as he doubled over.
"You don't have to say anything, Cas," Dean whispered, hoping to keep his voice steady, hoping to keep his tears at bay, but the next moment, his vision was blurring, his jaw was aching, his lips quivered, and before he knew it, a sob rolled past his chapped lips, accompanied by a tear, "-I'm so sorry—" He croaked.
Mr. Frank's voice brought Castiel back to the present, and he blinked a few stray tears away, before glancing at Mr. Frank, and then absently, at Dean. Dean met his eye for a moment, before averting his gaze, and Castiel swore he saw a glimpse of regret in Dean's eyes. As he slipped into his seat, Castiel almost laughed at his own naivety.
Was Dean kind? To Castiel? Well, that was for Cas to decide. Gentle? Up for Cas to decide. Smart? Eh. Funny? Somewhat.
Each step forward felt as if he were descending into a bottomless pit, and yet, he compelled himself to move, to walk, to keep himself steady. Every thought, every instinct threatened him to scream, to shout, to tear down the world around him, to light it on fire, just because Castiel had said it—
"Sure." Castiel smiled, and watched as she walked out the door. It clicked shut, only to click open again, and in came Dean, his eyes expectant and full of worry.
"So," Mr. Singer started, "—I want you to know that I'm not to be mentioned in this at all, under any circumstance. I'm going to give you the information you need, but if anyone of you opens your fat mouth and says I helped you, I'm gonna' fail you on Calculus. Deal?"
The man deflected each attempt at friendship and informality with his constant professionalism and stoic demeanor.
sat at, with Castiel squeezed between Dean and the wall. And come on, Dean liked squeezing the guy into the wall. It was a bit fun toying with him.
Their hands flew in a frenzy of hugs and squeezes, until at last, Castiel had ended up in Dean's lap, pushing Dean's pants down to dig his heavy, hot and damp cock out of his boxers. It was big, no doubt, and Castiel could only partially wrap his hand around the girth of it. A moments fear gripped Castiel, but he knew with Dean he had nothing to be afraid of.
"Stick it in already," The younger man whined, and Dean yanked a handful of his hair. "You talk too much, fucking whore."
Dean rubbed a hand across his forehead, and a smear of blood, most likely Alastair's, clung to his skin as he flicked some sweat away. He waited for a moment, turning around to walk away, watching as the crowd separated on its own. He reached down into his pocket, and dug out a cigarette, but decided against it, and tossed it away somewhere in the crowd, as he rolled his sleeves down, and ran a hand through his hair.
Castiel swallowed, and felt his shoulders tense up. Dean was here. Which meant there was a high chance of Castiel bumping into Dean. But on the bright side, the farmhouse was dim, only lit by coloured lights, which meant maybe Dean wouldn't recognise Castiel. And why did Dean tell Benny about the slap? Was Dean always this open with Benny? Or was he this open with all of his friends? Had Dean told Benny more about what happened between Castiel and Dean? Castiel hoped not. It would draw unnecessary attention towards them, and it was no secret that rumours flew faster than lightning at Lawrence High.
"You should be on Broadway, drama queen," Castiel chuckled, and Dean sighed, slouching back against the concrete wall, watching as Castiel laughed at him unabashedly.
The next chapter will be lighter and fluffier, I promise. Update date: (Although I tend to go off schedule) 14th February.
Castiel chuckled, and nodded. Smiling, he leaned up to press a kiss to Dean's lips, only for Dean to grab him by his bare waist, and roll them over so Castiel was on his back. Castiel's naked cock brushed against the fabric of Dean's trousers, and Castiel bit back a moan, slightly embarrassed that he would ruin the moment between them. Dean's lips, however, continued to ambush his neck and face ceaselessly, and only encouraged Castiel to let out another whimper when he felt his cock grow harder, and rub against the bulge in Dean's pants.
he gasped, and his mouth fell open. Dean kept going. Slow, steady, allowing Castiel time to adjust to the sensation. Their eyes met, and Dean faltered as he stared down at Castiel, who slipped his hands around Dean's face, pulling him down into a long, lousy kiss.
Dean rolled up the sleeves of his Henley as he strolled out the room, and down the flight of stairs, one foot after the other, leather soles clacking against the creaking wood. His chest heaved with ragged breaths, and sweat dripped down his forehead. His fists, god, Dean loved using his fist. The feel of skin slapping against his knuckles, the crushing of a bone under his fingers, the sticky warmth of blood splattering against his skin, the lingering spark on his hand from having struck too hard— Dean had held himself back for Castiel. For
"Fuck," Dean grumbled, and slapped Castiel's ass, before slipping down on the couch next to Castiel's pliant, loose body. Pants filled the air as they regained their breaths, until at last, Castiel turned back to Dean, reaching back to slip two fingers into his ruined, come-leaking hole, and pushed some come back into his asshole. His eyes were lidded with pure lust, and Dean couldn't believe how vulgarly arousing Castiel looked.
"So there's one good thing, you won't be seeing Alastair for a while," Meg added, "—I wish I never had to see him again."
Besides the clothes, Bobby had also given Dean a bottle of Chardonnay to gift to the Novak family. Visiting them empty-handed would have been a shame, not only to Dean, but to Bobby, and these were Bobby's words. So, with a small, pristine gift-basket in his hand, Dean stepped out of the Impala, and made his way up to the front door of Castiel's home.
Castiel returned to his seat at the desk, and wrote down the conclusion to the equation, before handing it back to Dean.
Once again, Castiel grabbed Dean's hands, and led them down to the buckle of his trousers. Dean quickly unzipped Castiel's pant, and slipped his broad, rough hands inside, down the bare, naked curve of Castiel's ass, and boy, if it didn't feel
Bobby clapped him on the shoulder, before turning away, and Dean watched as he walked away, but paused for a moment, "—oh and kid? Keep the PDA down at school."
The class around him broke into a muted chuckle, and Castiel flushed a deep red from the tip of his nose to the tip of his ears, and hung his head down. "M'sorry," he mumbled, and watched as Dean strolled away towards the other end of the row. Now offended, slightly upset as well, Castiel glared at Dean, whose eyes were roaming across the body of students seated behind Castiel. When he knew Dean's eyes had returned to him, Castiel held his gaze, and slouched slightly down onto the bench to spread his legs open. If Dean had a good sight, which Castiel knew he did, he would unmistakably be able to pin-point the dried stream of come on Castiel's thigh.
Dean's face was soft. A bit uncertain, but concerned mostly, as he rubbed his fingers into Castiel's hair, his sharp, green gaze fixed onto Cas. "Cas, calm down. I'm not leaving, alright. And I'm sorry for making you feel like you're some helpless—"
could ever find him. It was his own, comfortable bubble of solitude, and nothing would take it away from him.
As if it burnt his skin, Dean tore his hands away from Castiel's body, and recoiled back, putting a good foot between them, eyes now passive and grey as he realised—
"Fading, you say. Guess we'll just have to get you some more, huh." Dean murmured, and leaned in to press a kiss to Castiel's neck. Castiel pushed him away with an incredulous.
"Don't speak, don't move. If you try to talk, if you try to run, I'll slit your throat, and we're so fuckin' deep in the woods, ain't nobody's gonna' find your body if I dump it in there somewhere. Clear?" Dean growled, and stared into the boy's wide, round eyes. The boy nodded, and let out a whimper, which god-fucking-damn, went straight to Dean's cock.
