There was a second in which Steve allowed himself to think violent thoughts at everyone who’d been with Tony in the past, before just letting it slide away in order for him to curl his fingers into Tony’s and squeeze. They didn’t matter any more, and they never had. “Well, Good thing I’m not everyone else then,” he said simply, before pulling at Tony’s hand sharply and then sending him tumbling back onto the bed, “because actually, I was lying. I’m staying here forever. Your bed is comfortable and bigger than my own, so we’re gonna have to do a swap.”
Tony totally ignored him, instead choosing to lean up and capture Steve’s mouth in an altogether messier, hotter kiss than before. He slid his thigh between Steve’s and then rolled them both until he was on top, pushing his hips against Steve’s slowly and with purpose. Steve swallowed down the little noise that threatened to spill over his mouth at the sudden blunt contact. “That helped at all?” Tony asked as he broke away, voice slightly more out-of-breath than before.
And of course, because it was just his luck, someone swooped down- had to be Tony himself, obviously, seeing as no one else got that close- and looked over his shoulder before he could even put the damn thing away. “What’s that?”
Steve walked in, and the sound hit him like a wall. Hundreds of kids were milling around, talking and laughing and moving through the crowds with ease, and for a moment he felt a little overwhelmed. That was… a lot of new faces. They all seemed to know exactly where to go and what to do, and then there was him- stuck out like a sore thumb, with his too-small frame and too-large backpack, he must look like a fucking idiot-
Pepper sighed, a nail scraping along her forehead. “Rhodey made that sound a lot more threatening than it was meant to be. I really am sorry about this, by the way- I know you probably think we’re very odd, but… well, I don’t really care about that if it means I can go home with my mind resting easy.” She shook her head a little and raised a hand in question, “look, I’m gonna cut to the chase here. We want to know what your intentions with Tony are.”
It was only when the thing lit up and a thin, vertical sheen rapidly spread outward, extended from the floor to the ceiling, that Tony suddenly realised what was going on. That was an energy filter. Force-field, if you wanted to be crass about it. He knew that because SHIELD had pulled the box out of alien wreckage back last May and kept it here in storage ever since.
But the doctor shook his head. Hah. “There’s really not much point. Captain Rogers’ system wouldn’t accept any drugs we could offer, and his heart appears to be functioning normally. I suggest you just take it easy for a few days, keep watch and see if there are any changes.”
Tony’s fingers curled just that little bit tighter against Steve’s chest. He was tense; stood to his full height as he stared off with Zeke in the hall. Steve hadn’t ever seen him like that before- not even the last time he’d been in confrontation with the other guy. In that moment, Steve could sort of understand why everyone thought Tony was trouble. His eyes were fire and his gaze hard sharp enough to cut.
He’d always loved the stars- even after the portal and the nuke and everything- Steve still saw that little smile play on his face when he talked about space. It was… comforting, in a way. That Tony could still love the stars, even after nearly being left to die amongst them. Made Steve feel like their jobs might not ruin everything. That something good might persevere through the nightmares.
A hand settled on his stomach, and Rhodey’s eyebrow cocked. “You heard the woman,” he said, and with an irritated grunt, Tony lay back down again. “HYDRA haven’t shown so far,” the man continued, “but we’re preparing for the worst until help comes. I doubt they’d have just given up after the first failed attempt. This is their shot now. They’re gonna take it.”
He turned his eyes down to the floor, picking on a stray seam that lined his pillow. “I was never going to kill myself,” he said obstinately, but the way Peggy looked at him made him certain she didn’t believe that at all.
Tony smiled, a warm feeling spreading through his chest. “It was nice,” he said simply, “he still hasn’t moved away from the Carbonara yet.”
go?” Rhodey cut in before he could finish, and Tony’s throat closed up. He looked at his best friend, and the man just looked back, unflinching.
And yet Thor seemed to like that, for some reason. So did Tony. And, well, so did all his other friends, he guessed.
He let his hands move, light and curious over Tony’s stomach, and then grinned when it pulled a lovely little whimper from him. It really was something Steve thought he was never going to be able to get over- the way he could mess Tony up so easily, make him moan just by kissing him in the right way. Tony was very expressive, and Steve fucking loved it.
That wasn’t true. That was a toxic relationship from twenty goddamned years ago and it wasn’t fucking true.
“I can’t imagine what you’re going through,” is what Reed said in the end, so very quiet, “I… I just can’t. Tony was a friend. I’m devastated, compared to you, I barely even knew him.”
he spotted Steve a second before he was bowled over by the frantic supersoldier. Tony was warm in his arms- heart beating a little fast in his chest. He was alive.
“Tony,” Steve rocked him back and forth very gently, “Tony, that wasn’t your fault. Terrible things happen and they happen for reasons that we- we can’t understand, but it’s not because of us.”
“just not any more,” Tony finished for him, nodding tightly and missing out the ‘and just not with me.’
Everyone laughed, and Steve felt a consolidatory pat on the back from Sam. “Well, at least you didn’t fall asleep this time.”
,” Steve said quickly, “for both. ‘Cause it’s a Saturday. So. In five days. Are you- I mean I know you’re pretty busy a lot, and you don’t… like, you don’t have-“
Steve watched as Tony's face softened a fraction. He huffed and shook his head. "Uh- Peter. Peter Parker. Little asshole if I ever saw one. But... he's a good kid."
The room was silent. But then he heard Thor cough, in his usual loud manner. “Well I think you’re quick-witted and strong-willed and ready to fight anyone who wrongs you or others,” he said simply. “They’re the traits of a man I would be happy to die for in battle.”
Reed was still talking. Steve knocked him out. Swift blow to the head that would have been easier for him to block had he been expecting it. Steve, however, moved fast when he wanted to. He kept the man from landing heavily on his side, instead settling him gently against the table, and then made his way over to the machine on legs that finally seemed to be cooperating with him. Now, he had a goal in mind. There was a point to his actions where there hadn’t been before, and his body welcomed it.
Tony laughed, pushing Steve back down onto the bed to crawl on top of him and continue kissing in a more horizontal position. Steve smoothed his hands across Tony’s chest, ready to say something about how it really would be inappropriate to start removing pants while still in hospital, but he never quite got the chance. A second later, the door burst open and three people spilled into the room. “Steve!” Bruce called as he entered, “Steve, are you okay, your heart monitor’s going—oh.”
Steve shrugged, and Sam made a huffing sound. “Yeah- that’s Tony, alright. He’s one of the seniors. Flashy. Probably the most recognisable guy in school- everyone knows about him. He’s… crazy. That’s the only word I can use to describe him- I don’t know him, but I’ve heard stuff. He’s been expelled from a few schools before this. I’m pretty sure he’s been arrested more than once, too. Sometimes I’ll hear him slamming the door of the class next to me and walking out. God only knows how he’s still even here- his dad probably bought the school out. They’re loaded.”
“Yeah, I noticed,” Steve laughed with Tony, fingers skating up and down Tony’s hand, handkerchief mostly forgotten by that point, “although his brother sounds like a bit more of a handful.”
He swallowed harshly and looked away, out of the window. “It’s fine,” he said, hearing his own voice waver dangerously, “I’ll just get the police to sort it out. You don’t have to do any more for me- you’ve already stuck your neck out for me enough as it is.”
He saw Tony tense up and stop moving, the smile dying on his face a little. “I…” he began, throat working nervously, “I mean- I’m not… it’s….”
His first dug into the first beast he came into contact with, and he stopped the thoughts from coming. Just fight. That was all he could do.
But Steve just frowned. “Another sleepless night then?” He asked, concern filtering through, “Tony-“
“I can see that, babe,” Steve answered in amusement, shucking off his jacket and then wandering forward. He wound his hand through Tony’s when he arrived at his destination, and felt the tug when Tony pulled him into a quick kiss of greeting. “This certainly looks… professional.”
It seemed that really, the only option was for Peter to stay with them while they worked on taking down the operation responsible for tracking and recapturing the little boy. If push came to shove and they couldn’t manage it, they could always go down the SHIELD protection route, which involved an agent taking him to someplace far away and looking after him until the hunt had died down. Although none of them were particularly keen on that possibility either. Anyway, it wouldn’t need to come to that. they were the Avengers. They could handle a baby just fine.
“Steve,” and then Tony was there, hands on his shoulders, gentle but serious all the same, “I mean it. Don’t… please, I’ll pay you if you want-“
And, of course, there was Steve and Peter, right in the middle of it all as they sat at the table. Steve was waving a fork somewhat desperately in the direction of Peter’s mouth while the child firmly refused to let it past his lips, instead banging his sippy cup loudly against the tray of his high-chair and darting his head backward to escape the mouthful of mushy food. Tony watched the interaction for a few seconds, that familiar fuzzy warmth settling like a warm blanket over his chest as Steve ran a hand across his forehead and looked down firmly at the little boy. “Peter,” he said, “open your mouth. It’s yummy, I promise. Here, look!” After a brief second of pausing in which to cast a wary glance at the fork, Steve turned it around and then put it in his mouth, smiling painfully. “Mmmm,” he declared with fake enthusiasm, “that’s nice. Nice healthy mushy food!”
Steve sighed and looked down at his own hands, clutching a sketchbook. He was a little lost in that moment, to be honest. Now the fight was over, he didn’t quite know what to do. He wanted to track Loki down, get the sceptre back. He couldn’t believe he’d been so stupid as to even let it go in the first place.
“He’s alive,” Natasha declared loudly, her fingers slipping from Happy’s neck and her shoulders sagging. Tony just blinked and nodded. He couldn’t fathom up an emotion. All he could see was the damage around him. The proof of his failure.
“Alright, I’m gonna have to step in here-“ and Steve turned, watching in surprise as suddenly Bucky stormed back into the room, slamming open the door dramatically as he entered.
Anyway. Like he’d said, seeing as Bruce had gone through the concepts with him earlier, Steve had no need to even attempt to keep his concentration up during the lesson, and happily doodled the faces of his friends in his sketchbook. He felt like his drawings had been improving recently, which was really nice. He missed being able to draw freely and not worry about the quality of it. He wanted to go buy a canvas at some point, and maybe try a proper painting, just to test things out and see whether he still had the knack. He’d done a lot of that, before his mom had died. Maybe he could pick it back up again.
With a grunt followed quickly by a straight-up moan of pain, he was eased gently onto the dusty cot tucked into the side of the cabin by Natasha and Rhodey, Bruce hovering over him anxiously and waiting until he was steady before instantly getting to his haunches and zeroing in on the deep red section of what had once been Tony’s pristine white ski-pants. He mourned the loss of them for a moment, because that would
The Doctor bid them farewell, and as soon as they were out of the hospital Steve felt the smack of a soft fist against the meat of his arm. He looked left and saw Tony’s unimpressed face. “What did I tell you about touching foreign science stuff found in creepy basements?” He hissed, smacking Steve in the shoulder again, “don’t fucking do it! Don’t do it!”
So he smiled and then shrugged, wrapping his arm around Steve’s neck as he shuffled onto the other man’s lap. “Can’t say no when you ask that nice,” he responded- and when Steve laughed, his face broke out into the most beautiful smile that it made it all worth it.
“All attention is good attention,” Marley, his PR guy had told him, a tight smile on his face as he’d patted Tony’s shoulder, “the stock drop doesn’t matter, not in the big picture. Your name’s trending on twitter, and that’s exposure. The launch won’t be tainted by this.”
Steve paused for a second, debating the pros and cons of Bucky’s request. On one hand, he could possibly get charged with theft and various other crimes if he ended up in the passenger seat of a car Bucky may or may not have stolen- but on the other hand… it was Bucky.
Steve beamed and grabbed his shoulders, pushing him backward until the back of his knees hit the bed and he fell backwards with a short yelp, Steve landing right on top of him. He made quick work of the rest of Tony’s shirt and then discarded it somewhere on the floor before leaning in again, hands braced on either side of Tony’s face as he kissed him.
this whole thing was,” Tony snapped, throwing the screwdriver down with a frustrated clatter and spinning to pin a glare on Steve. “The fact you’re here, chewing me out for not wanting to deal with Peter, is proof of the problem in itself. I’m not his dad. You’re not his dad. I can say he’s a fucking nightmare if I want, because I’m not obligated in any way to be nice to him.”
“So,” she began quietly, “I know you’re angry, and you have every right to be- Bucky was out of line last night and everyone, including himself, knows that. But I just want you to hear me out for a second, okay?”
“Glad though I am of your faith in sir, I must disagree. Tony’s possessions now extend only to the items he has in his car and on his person.  It may be a while before I have access to any other more sophisticated systems.”
Tony looked at him for another moment, surprised, before he too smiled. “I hate to defend him, but he
ready to deal with that level of emotion-fuelled dramatics at seven in the God Damn morning. He hadn’t even had breakfast yet, for goodness’ sake.
there is to this, just like any other battle we have. Just like when Clint tried to kill you after getting possessed by Loki, just like how Thor nearly went crazy after Amara magicked the shit outta him- this is just our lives
“Would you prefer if I were quiet?” Steve asked- and there was nothing confrontational in his tone, simply a question. He wanted to know, because he just wanted to fucking help. And here Tony was, treating him like shit.
He heard Tony step forward. “Hey, I didn’t mean that to sound… I’m sure you would’ve survived on your own, God knows you get into enough altercations as it is- just thought I’d help you out. They shit their pants when I get mad at them because they’re fucking pussies, so.” Tony shrugged, “it’d be cool to have someone like that on your side, I figure-”
Tony chuckled, and Steve felt the stretch of his neck as he lay back against the cushions and looked at the ceiling. They fell into another comfortable silence, and Steve was mere seconds away from falling properly into sleep when Tony spoke again.
There. North corner of the night sky, getting steadily closer, a white-bright light that told them of Carol’s arrival. And on her shoulders, a ship. Dark, no lights, all of them gone out. She was bringing it closer, intending to land it on the grass out in front of them. Steve choked, rushing forward, hearing the rest of the group follow behind him. They should’ve brought a fucking med-kit, a stretcher,
Steve nodded. “There’s a burger bar at the end of the street. You can head there now, if you want. I can meet you in a minute- I’d just like a moment alone, if that’s alright.”
Steve blinked rapidly, before the light dawned. He looked back down at Peter, whose legs had now also apparently attached themselves to Steve’s arm like Velcro. He was chewing his rattle, drool curling down his chin as he smiled up at Tony.
He spared a glance back to Reed, still slumped against the table. He would feel no guilt—this would not ever have happened. Clint, Nat, Thor, Bruce, Sam… none of them would mourn for him, because he would still be alive. Just not
He caught his breath and waited until the pain died down a little, pulling his bloodied hands away from his face and wiping them against his jeans. He couldn’t believe things had gone to such shit in the space of about five minutes- his good mood had evaporated entirely, and left only sour frustration in its place.
Steve had the niggling feeling that he might have gotten involved in something he wasn’t quite ready to handle just yet. But it was too late to back out now anyway. He was in.
Tony looked up at the screen through bleary eyes, trying to stifle a yawn as he once more admitted defeat and erased the tab that’d been attempting to track an online paper-trail of evidence. This was the seventeenth brick wall he’d hit that day, and he was Goddamn tired of it. He hated AIM passionately. “JARVIS, any luck with the older files that SHIELD have in the archives?”
, stupidly idiotic thing Bucky could have chosen to do at that time, and Steve just wanted to punch his dumb fucking face-
“You say that like you have a clue,” Steve said wryly, “although touched as I am by the confidence boost, I’m probably just going to have to wait and see for mys-”
here. I… you’re what I want. Trust me,” Tony said, making an effort to keep his voice as clear as possible. He tried to reach out and touch Steve’s face again, but Steve just smiles and catches his hands, thumbs stroking softly along his knuckles.
Steve laughed, his head dropping forward so it was leaning against the couch cushions. “Yeah, you don’t look so great yourself, love,” he stated, which was admittedly true. Tony’s whole face was swollen and blotchy, his eye hardly visible and deep, angry bruises covering his face. It was going to take a while for him to heal up properly.
Tony had time. Pack his stuff, get out, maybe to one of his apartments in Europe or something. Just for a little while. He’d come back for the team, of course. He just needed... time. So did Steve, he thought. And it wouldn’t fix things. The team would ask questions and Tony would have to figure out a reason, and Steve would be upset- but he had to. He had to.
Steve felt his breath hitch a little, and he waited for the reply. Ty remained silent for a second, head cocked. He seemed almost amused.
By the time Tony had come to the end of the piece, Steve was slumped bonelessly into the couch, watching Tony through his tired eyes and trying to tamp down on what he knew was probably a ridiculously large smile. Tony glanced over at him, his hands falling into his lap, and when he took in Steve’s relaxed position, his eyes twinkled. “Really does it for you, huh?” He said cheekily, trailing his fingers absently over the keys and playing a quick tune.
Natasha looked at him, sharing his pain for a moment before she just sighed and then straightened her back as if she were heading to war. “The meeting is done, and now the liaising begins.” Her hand came to his back and she pushed him further into the room. “Come on Tony, work with me here. These guys might suck, but they also decide whether or not we’re branded as terrorists or superheroes, so schmoozing would probably be the best course of action here.”
“Steve,” Tony rolled his eyes fondly and took him by the arm, “hey, look, I’m just gonna make it simple for you. You’ve been staring at my ass for a solid 3 months now, and I’m getting tired of waiting for you to make the first move. Pretty pretty please let me give you a lesson?”
and the only way that I feel like I’m able to help you deal with this is by knowing when it will happen”
“No,” Tony said again, focusing as best he could on Steve, “I can’t… even if they do take H’ward ‘way from me, I’ll go t’Obie. Godfather.”
Tony leaned back, hands bracing behind him as he stared at the machine and smiled in reminiscence. “Pep started out as an intern for Stark Industries. Met me whilst I was- uh- getting high in my dad’s office.” He grinned, shutting his eyes, “I thought she was going to rat me out at first, but after a second of staring at me, she just locked the door and then asked for a drag. Weed is the best bonding material, seriously- nothing like getting baked together to solidify a friendship.”
It was nice to be away from it all for a while. No one noticed them in the village, or at least if they did, they didn’t bother them. The change of scenery was nice, and although Steve was a city boy through and through, it was certainly pleasant to experience the countryside and see a patch of grass that wasn’t hemmed in by concrete and brickwork. He didn’t even mind that he got sunburned almost every day from the hot weather and constant outdoor activity. Pale skin didn’t react all that great to sun, but he healed quickly enough. Tony, of course, only ended up tanning beautifully, skin going a deeper olive each passing day spent out having lunch on the grass or fixing up the tractor for the owners while they were gone.
Tony paused for a moment, and then looked down. “Come to my workshop. I’ve got some cool toys I can show you.”
He took a second to get himself in check and look over the facts. It was currently 3:32 in the morning, which meant this was now top priority. They were no longer working in theoreticals, and had solid evidence to believe that… that this was the case. That it was Tony. And, hell, Steve knew that if anyone had the mind and engineering ability to create a suit like that, it was probably him. Tony was a bona fide genius.
He was floating through darkness as he hit the floor, and the last thing he saw was Loki’s version of him leap down the stairwell with the sceptre in hand.
He trailed off, ducking his head lower to kiss bitingly against Steve’s throat, laced with the sting of teeth that sent shivers running down his spine. He leaned his head back and tried to think of something to say-
“Your turn to hold him,” Tony declared, suddenly keen on changing the subject as he turned around and then hoisted Peter up into Steve’s arms. The man grabbed him reflexively, and then looked at him in momentary panic, right back at square one. “Remember what I said- arm under his butt, hold him against your chest or on your hip, whichever feels most comfy.”
And Steve had looked at him, taken his hand and pulled Tony’s body into his side. “Just by saying that alone, I know you would never ever be close to what your father was,” he’d responded with, the words coming confidently and with ease, because it really just wasn’t a question. Tony loved with everything he had, and if given the responsibility of a child, there would be no way in hell he’d ever let the kid down. Not even the slightest fucking chance.
“I’m not going to let everyone else decide how I live my fucking life, Steve,” Tony told him, voice strangely calm, “not any more. I’m done.”
Tony flipped him off and chose to ignore him as he rounded the cupboards and then started opening them all, searching for the correct equipment. It took him a good ten minutes longer than it would for most to create a very simple drink, but he got there in the end, and he handed it to Steve with such a look of pride on his face that Steve didn’t even have the heart in him to tell him that it tasted awful. “Thanks,” he said fondly, wrapping his fingers around the mug and feeling the warmth prickle across his palms.
The man smiled a little bashfully, and rolled his tongue over his lips. Steve had the feeling he was looking slightly foolish at that moment- drenched from head to foot and staring adoringly up at a person so perfect he could well have passed as a fucking Greek God.
“It’s an excuse for Baseliners to pretend to be someone Unhuman for the one day of the year where they won’t get fucking attacked for it, you mean?” Steve slammed the knife back down on the chopping board and turned to Tony, his good mood having apparently evaporated completely. “Christ, Tony, all month you’ve been bugging me about this stupid fucking day, and all month I’ve been telling you I don’t like it. Why are you still pushing this?”
. No fancy dates or constant need for conversation. No worrying over how to keep things interesting. Steve could let himself be boring around Tony- he could pick up a book and put his head in Tony’s lap and they wouldn’t speak for two hours, but they’d be
She at least had the decency to nod at that. “I never said what he did was right,” she told him, “and maybe I am trying to justify it, but at the end of the day Bucky still acted like a knobhead because of his own pre-conceived ideas about Tony and who he was as a person. I think we were all just freaked out by your disappearing act, to be honest. It was stressing Bucky out. Then he got a call from you an hour later saying you were fine, and you had been fine for what was obviously quite some time, but you were with Tony Stark? The guy we’d looked up on the internet and found a criminal record the length of your arm? And more than that; when Bucky asked to come see you, Tony refused to let us?”
stare, but still a little too clinical for Tony's liking. "We keep him here overnight. Do some DNA tests, see if it's really Clint's. Work out our options, and what we are going to do with him. Maybe call a few people and see if there is anywhere we could put him that would be safe for him and relatively hassle-free for us."
Then again, on a purely primal level, Steve was just desperate to get his hands on that and see what the rest of him looked like. There was no doubt in his mind that Tony would look gorgeous underneath him, fingers grasping at the sheets desperately and eyes clenched shut as he gasped-
He looked back down at the blueprint for Clint’s bow, feeling something traitorously hot and prickly behind his eyes before he shoved those thoughts away forcibly. Right now, the team had him. And all he had to be was good enough. That was it.
Tony wondered whether he dreamed about, on those nights when they both woke up to the sound of crying from the crib. He wondered whether Peter, on some level, was aware of what had been done to him.
“Intentional or not, I did,” Tony tilted his head to the side and then kissed Steve’s temple. “I’m sorry my life is so messy. I wish I didn’t have to put that on you.”
Steve privately thought that there was probably a good reason for that—Asgardians, and Thor in particular, were hardly the easiest of guests to deal with. No doubt on the day itself, he would cause an unending flow of problems for them. But that wasn’t going to stop them from inviting him, obviously. They might just need the rest of the team to guard him a little.
“Well, I was trying to prove a point, wasn’t I? You should know that about me by now.” Wordlessly, he reached into his jacket, deft fingers pulling out Steve’s phone from the inside of his pocket. “No, this is- this is why I brought you here. Figured it would be… nicer, y’know?”
, like always. Now he could only focus on getting Tony out and keeping him safe. That was all he had left, and by God, he wasn’t going to mess that one up. Not for anything.
“He’s an abuser, Mr. Wilson. I know the type. And he—he hurt Tony. Badly.” Steve bit his lip—it hurt. He realised it had been cut in the altercation. “I saw him and I just… lost it. I’m sorry. But I couldn’t stand seeing him walk around so casually. He tore Tony’s life apart like it was nothing to him.”
“I- you too, yeah,” he choked, clutching his hand back into his chest as she finally released him and smiled, shuffling across the bench in order to make room for him to sit.
The bill was delivered, and Steve took a moment to gawp incredulously at the price (10 dollars for two scoops, seriously?) before putting down the money with a sigh. Tony watched him do it, eyebrow raised curiously. “Hey, so Steve, what are you doing there?”
He also wore a long-sleeved shirt the next day. Steve hadn’t meant to, but he was so strong that he sometimes forgot when he held things too tight, they tended to bruise. But it was okay.
“Clint!” Steve admonished with a sigh, “I am not coercing Tony into joining us over here using sexual favours.”
This is the sappiest most plotless shit of the entire thing, I think. I basically make them kiss for 12k. Enjoy!
. Knew exactly what Tony would like, knew where to put his hands, how to keep things interesting. He didn’t do things for himself, he did them so Tony would enjoy it too. And, if he was being shallow about it, Steve was simply so achingly fucking
Bucky shoved him off the couch and Steve yelled indignantly, grabbing a pillow and propelling it into Bucky’s face. The asshole was half-way to a laugh before he noticed Steve’s hand, and the smile promptly died on his face.
Tony blinked at the sudden change of pace, checking his hands. Steve always noticed when they were shaking. “Fine,” he said, shooting Steve a reassuring smile, “just… kinda stressed, you know? What with—” he waved an absent set of fingers through the air before running them through his hair, “everything.”
“Yeah, Steve, I second Brucie, let’s go, let’s go- I’m sure your super stamina can let you hold out for a night. I promise you’ll enjoy yourself,” Tony assured him, grabbing his arm and pulling him up.
He figured he probably had a little way to go yet, with the whole ‘understand your value’ schtick. But… you know, maybe Steve would help with that. If he kept kissing Tony in the way he was, Tony was pretty sure his ego would be the size of a planet by the end of the night.
Gently, Steve let go of him; hands going firmly to Tony’s shoulders and then pushing him further down on the couch, until the back of his head hit the cushions. Their legs were still tangled together and Steve found his forearm ended up trapped behind Tony’s back, but Tony didn’t seem to find it uncomfortable. Just smiled sadly, eyes falling shut.
“What the hell is going on?” Steve said loudly, just as Bucky made a disbelieving face and stepped… back, rather than forward, which was odd- Bucky wasn’t usually one to back away from a fight.
His bed wasn’t big enough for that. And he didn’t get morning sunlight- his windows faced the wrong way. Plus, y’know, he was currently sprawled out like an octopus on sheets that felt way too soft to be his own, and he hadn’t fallen out of it yet, which meant he was on a double or larger.
“Forgotten? Tony, I want to do this for her!” He waved hand through the air incredulously, “I want to do this so that she doesn’t have to grow up in a broken world! So that she might have a chance at knowing her family, at going to school without passing by the memorials! I want her to know a world that isn’t built on death and despair, Tony, and there is an entire universe depending on us to—”
He noticed Tony looking at him blankly, and couldn’t help feeling like he was going about this wrong. “I’m just… glad you’re okay,” he said, and Tony’s answering face wasn’t exactly comforting.
Above him, Clint’s face was changing from relaxed to alert as he took in Steve’s expression. His hands lifted, he said something, but Steve couldn’t hear him. “Tell me I didn’t,” he whispered, unable to say the name, but seeing in his mind’s eye the suit that Steve had wrapped his hands around, the red & gold he’d aimed for.
“I dunno, depends on how much you gave away to Social Services when you called them,” Bruce told him with a tight mouth, “because they’re on their way up as we speak, but in the light of some new information, it turns out that handing him over right now would be a very bad idea.”
“Hey, shush, you’re injured, I’m supposed to be looking after you and I haven’t even started yet, come here-“ Tony waved off his words and looked back down at his chest, and Steve stopped talking, but the smile still flickered across his face.
He felt the heat and subsequent explosion as it all immediately caught alight, and threw himself as far as he could go before the fires could touch him. Landing awkwardly in the snow, he watched in awe as the thing went sky-high, burning right up through the trees and licking at the sky, heat almost unbearable . He scrabbled away further, burying himself in the snow.
When Steve eventually came back out of the bathroom, Tony heard him stop at the foot of the bed. “I know you’re awake, sweetheart,” he said, his voice tired. Soft.
into the condensation left by his breath. Steve was the one who giggled this time, and he turned back down to his sketchpad, intended to write out the fateful question of
Tony edged forward, coming to a stop at the chair next to Steve’s left side and then sitting down slowly in it. The doctors had said Steve had suffered third degree burns to his right hand and arm, and it would take a while for it to heal. As for his heart- he was going to need at least a week of rest for the serum to fully do its work, maybe more. Steve had taken two major doses of electricity in the space of a few days, and the first lot had managed to fuck with his heart enough that upon the second shock, it hadn’t properly healed and so stopped working altogether.
Steve raised his eyebrows, slamming the side of his shield into a soldier’s face before opening the door that he’d been guarding. “Sorry Romanov, but I regret to inform you that I’m in a committed relationship.”
So he sat. He let himself watch Tony breathe, traced all the yellowing bruises that marred his face. The usual mantras started back up in his head, the same way they always did
“Mm,” Tony murmured, leaning into Steve’s hold subconsciously until his head rested against the flat of his palm. He let his eyes open again; still hazy and unfocused and bloodshot, but when the moonlight hit them just right, they sang electric blue into the darkness of the room.
Beginning to walk up to the front steps, he swallowed a little and then peered at the door. If he knocked, would anyone even hear the damn thing?
“Yeah, I’ll bet,” Steve muttered, “if Natasha even smiled at me weird, I think I’d leave the country.”
Steve paused, and then he huffed a quiet little laugh. “What if I wanted Polaris? Think you can wrangle that one for me?”
He lurched up from his desk, blinking rapidly and trying to pull back a little composure he hadn’t even been aware that he’d lost. There was more data that he needed to encrypt, a location that he needed to track and such. But he wasn’t really thinking about that just then- there was only one relevant thought chuntering around in his groggy, cotton-filled brain, and it was that he needed to find Peter. Now.
He squinted through the glare of the headlights as someone stepped out of the driver’s seat; not bothering to shut the door as he jogged over. His boots splashed in the puddles that had formed- and an unmistakable pair of blue eyes flashed under the streetlight as he came closer.
Tony blinked once, then shrugged. “Honestly, the most surprising part of that is the fact you’re a PI now. I always wondered where you went; kinda fell off the grid after we…” he flicked a hand awkwardly and looked away. “Well. You know.”
Steve’s breath hitched, and try as he might, he couldn’t find it in him to pull his eyes off Tony’s. They were closer than Steve thought they ever had been; almost nose to nose, in fact. It would be so easy to just-
Tony would be looking at him, his elbow resting on the mattress and head resting in his hand whilst his spare one brushed lazily over Steve’s back, writing out the patterns or equations or whatever it was he was thinking out onto Steve’s skin. His hair would be messed up- Steve had had his hands in it all night, there was no way it would be even slightly neat after that- and there’d be little creases in the side of his cheek from where he’d slept against the pillow. Oh- and there’d be about a dozen hickeys covering various areas of his body. Steve remembered at least two landing on his neck, though. It sent a reminiscent shiver of lust running down into his toes, and he grinned into the pillow again, thanking those leftover endorphins for his good mood.
“Anniversaries are never going to be easy,” Steve murmured, fingers making light circles against Tony’s back. His skin was so warm. “Unless they’re anniversaries for nice things, which I hope will be a little more pleasant than this. But… the bad ones? They’re going to stick around. They’re going to remind us of everything we’ve gone through. We’re going to get to that one day that changed everything, and it’ll suddenly just feel like an impossible, crushing weight. It’s all we can think about. I know that when my anniversaries come up- the day Bucky the died, the day
Really, he just needed to go home. It was fine that Tony wanted to hang out with his other friends. It… well, it hurt, that he didn’t want any of them to know he’d sunk as low as dating Steve, but he could live with it. He understood.
“Nat,” he began, holding up a finger to Tony in a gesture for him to wait, “what do you mean, ‘Ant-man’s back’? He… that’s not possible—”
“Hey, hey,” Steve frowned and pulled him in, tight, leaning up onto his tiptoes and wrapping his arms around Tony’s shoulders, “it’s okay. I’m staying with you because I love you and I want to. You need to calm down so that we can talk, okay? You’ve had a stressful day. We’ve both done things we shouldn’t have, and now we need to work through it and sort it out.”
“It’s very innocent-looking hair,” Tony shrugged again, looking around the corner absently, “anyway- you wanna go in first, or shall I?”
“We should probably go to class,” he said in the end, hitching up his bag and then starting to march off over to the exit.
He flopped back into his pillows with a sigh. He was never going fucking skiing again. He didn’t care what Thor said to try and persuade him.
Tony’s eyes narrowed, as he took the envelope from Clint’s hands. “This better not implode upon opening-”
Tony just shrugged, flicking Peter gently on the nose and sitting him up again. The kid smiled his gummy smile over at him, his hand reaching up for the arc reactor like he always did when he got level with it. He had a strange fascination with the thing. “Well, I don’t like my home to stink like shit, and it doesn’t seem like any of you other lazy fucks are gonna do i—”
“Tony, what in the fuck-” Steve started, beginning to pull him up gently, but Tony wasn’t giving up this time- not now he knew, not now he’d connected every dot and cross and line and saw with his own stupid eyes what Steve had been trying to tell him for
“Go to sleep, Tony. We’ll talk about everything in the morning,” Steve tells him, before getting up to leave.
Tony huffed, then looked down at his lap, groaning a little bit. “God, I’m sorry,” he whispered, “I didn’t mean to—I’m trying to keep it together, I just—”
Yeah, so he’d had a feeling beforehand, but there was no way to deny the response that statement had on Tony. He stumbled where he was stood, turning back to Steve with wide eyes and then promptly choking on air a second later.
And Tony wasn’t stupid. He knew Unhumans themselves would never be able to get the sort of reach that someone like Tony could. And, seeing as most Baseliners still didn’t trust Unhumans, it was leaving a gaping hole in education that no one was filling. Sure, Tony had seen a few websites and organizations that were on the same lines as him, but they hadn’t seemed to gain very much traction.
“Wait,” Tony blurted suddenly, squinting a little and hoping that his eyesight really isn’t failing him enough to imagine that, “do you…no way-do you
“Those friends- I didn’t say what you were, not because I’m ashamed of you, but because they operate in the same circles that Howard does.” Tony’s face hardened. “And the less he knows about you, the better. I can’t… I can’t risk that, Steve, you have to understand-“
Tony groaned, sprawling out on the sheets and smushing his face further into the pillows. “But it’s my
They ate their breakfast quietly after that; Tony continuing to tear off small chunks until he’d finished off the slice. He didn’t eat the other one, saying that he wasn’t very hungry. His mind was somewhere far away, eyes blank as he stared at the wall. Every now and then he asked JARVIS a question about flux density or slingshot velocity—it didn’t make any sense to Steve, but he figured Tony was just working in order to keep his mind occupied. He did that sometimes. When the world got too much for him.
Except for Steve. For Steve, he’d let all of that fall away. All for a man he hadn’t even seen in a year.
But there would be no other reason for Tony to say those things. To have that look in his eyes; a mixture of desperate, terrified and determined all at the same time. He was biting his lip again, making a red mark where his teeth buried themselves, but he didn’t look away from Steve.
be sitting here right now. You would be in an interrogation cell, readying yourself for a lengthy prison sentence. We made very, very sure that Bruce was right in his conclusion. And your brain-scans match up. It wasn’t you.”
Tony was just laughing at him again, and Steve had to laugh alongside him, really, because there was no way he could just keep a straight face when Tony looked like that- it was impossible. He rolled his eyes and looked away, but knew that Tony had seen the redness covering his cheeks. It was impossible to ignore, really, Goddamned Irish complexion-
“Something doesn’t have to be permanent to be good,” Steve responded eventually, and Tony opened his mouth, but Steve pressed a finger against his lips before he could try and argue. “Please let me talk, Tony. If we lived our lives thinking about how bad it was going to feel when the nice things stopped, or when the good times ended, we’d never be happy at all. Can’t you just… just let yourself have this? For once?”
There was a sudden burst of laughter to his left and he turned curiously, watching a girl with dark, bobbed hair lean forward against the wall and hold her head in her hands. Her shoulders were shaking with laughter, and when she finally turned her head back up again, he recognised Jan- the one who was friends with Nat- smiling back at him.
His feet were aching at the speed in which he was running, and he could hear himself screaming Tony’s name again- but the voice was being drowned out by the sound of metal bending and concrete crumbling away.
So basically, he’d started his panicked Christmas shopping a month early, in the hope that he’d stumble upon something perfect and also preferably under thirty dollars. Which was seeming more and more unlikely by the minute.
Tony’s mansion was… definitely something. As Steve stumbled in, he noticed a lot of things immediately. The security, for one thing, seemed to be pretty high-quality. Sleek black panels- probably interfaces of some sort- were fitted at the side of every door, undoubtedly able to lock and unlock them at will. The interior was modern and new, and although Steve couldn’t see them, he didn’t doubt he was being watched by a camera somewhere. The last thing Tony would want was to be caught out by someone snooping in his drawers.
. He straightened his back and adjusted his tie, taking a step forward before pulling back and twisting around, opening the door to their room once more and sticking his head around it. Steve looked up from the bed. “Forgot something?”
Steve stared at him blankly. A million memories, images, pictures, burst through his mind. The most poignant one was the blood—that felt like it had permeated through everything. He felt the warmth of it on his hands, felt the stickiness of it against his skin.
jealous. He wasn’t possessive and he didn’t care who hung out with who, as long as they treated him with respect, then it was all fine. So really, he didn’t know what this was- the weirdly hot, tight feeling in his chest as he stared at her through narrowed eyes and wished she’d just fall over or maybe get permanently expelled so she’d never be able to touch Tony again- but here he was. It was stupid and definitely unnecessary but
“You now regularly call him ‘My Star-Spangled Husband’ in your mission reports. Fury had to burn at least five different copies last week alone. Which mean this is now affecting the environment, not to mention the sensitivities of all SHIELD agents that have to go through them,” Coulson stepped forward gravely.
Oh God, it hurt. His chest felt like there was someone pressing a hundred concrete slabs onto it, and there was something wrong in his ears. An incessant buzzing, but also a strange staccato rhythm that rang out as unfamiliar in his brain. Still only half aware, he realised it was his own heartbeat, pulsing erratically as the electricity shot its way through him and wreaked havoc upon his organs.
Magically, it seemed she understood that, because her smile grew and she noted something else down. “Wow Steve, this is really good stuff. I take it this definitely all positives, right?”
Steve paused, nipping Tony’s ear lightly before sitting up and sitting on his knees, still beaming. “Correct. Let’s go, Stark, get a move on, we don’t have all day- you’ve already spent half of it asleep.”
But Tony only rolled his eyes and gave Bruce the middle finger irritably. He didn’t have time for the morality lecture, because he was well aware that he was being an asshole. To Steve, to the team, to everyone. It was just…
And maybe it was the fact that it had been Steve, of all people, that had just made Tony break all the more severely.
He wondered what it must be like, to live your entire life under a camera. Not even the death of your mother was allowed to be private.
“I can vouch for Clint, don’t worry,” Steve said, leaning on the counter opposite Tony and smiling. “No explosions.”
Steve couldn’t stop to think about it too hard. Instead, he shot one last appreciative glance at his own ass (which was absolutely
“We’re gonna go home, alright?” Steve asked, “and I’ll make us something to eat, and then we’ll go to bed and you’re gonna get a good night’s sleep.”
Tony patted him consolingly on the arm, falling into step with him as they both made their way down the corridor. Steve felt their arms brush every time they stepped forward. “I’m so sorry. That can’t have been fun. I was wondering whose hunk of scrap metal the car outside your house was. ‘Least now I know which one to avoid on the roads.”
At that, Steve felt himself grimace as his hands flexed over Tony’s jaw. It sent a spark down his spine, and the urge to kiss Tony again increased tenfold, so he gave in to the urge and pressed a bruising kiss into his lips. He didn't bother correcting her name. “Couldn’t fuckin’ stand her touchin’ you like that,” he muttered into Ton'y mouth, “not hers.”
Tony did his best to try and help him. He cuddled up close during movie nights and spoke more than necessary to fill the huge gaps of silence that reminded them both of everything they weren’t saying. He pushed past the niggling fear in the back of his mind that told him to avoid confrontation with Steve and forced himself to do it more, just to try and desensitize himself to it, remind himself that Steve wouldn’t hurt him anymore, not over the goddamn TV channel.
second, and when I come back, you’re nearly brawling in the middle of the fucking living room? What the hell even fucking happened?”
“He’s got enhanced strength, too,” Tony responded after a second of thought, pulling away from Steve’s hold with a small sniff. He needed to fucking compose himself. “Uh. The woman, she was an AIM scientist in charge of looking after him. Left video logs. She said his motor skills were exceptional for his age and he showed signs of an above-average strength. There’s probably more information in there. I—I’ll need to look it over—”
Tony put a hand over Steve’s mouth, cutting off any more garbled apologies. “Steve,” he said quietly, “we have an awful lot to talk about, and I fully intend to get around to that. But you know what we’re gonna do right now?” He leaned forward, pausing to kiss Steve gently on the forehead. “We’re gonna head up to your room, and I’m gonna stay with you until you get some sleep, okay? Sound like a deal?”
Tony just didn’t get it, mostly. Sure, there were people who weren’t really into the whole season, but Steve seemed to take an active dislike in it. And it was a bit disappointing, seeing as Tony had been… well, he
JARVIS was silent for a few seconds. “You will not like what you hear,” he warned softly, “Howard Stark is a vicious man, and it was often his words that hurt Tony more than his physical abuse. Are you sure this is something you want to listen to?”
He was quiet as he slipped around the armrest and then slid to his knees in front of Tony’s face, hand slowly rising to stroke softly across Tony’s cheek, into the thick hair. Curled up like that; Tony seemed so small, so vulnerable, and it made a burst of protectiveness and sheer, pure love erupt in Steve’s heart. He found often after particularly trying Ops, that he became a little more attached to Tony, if only for a few days. Those sort of things just… made a guy think. Remember exactly what he had to lose.
There was the roll of the eyes again, and Tony had to admit he got a kick out of making Steve do that- it had been what inspired 60% of their arguments way back when they could barely look at one another without fighting, after all. “You know, you’re lucky I’ve got a moral standard to live up to, or I would’ve killed you by now.”
Maybe this was the Universe’s way of assuring that they never had to keep secrets again; never had to hide the truth or evade talking about things. Possibly annoying if Steve had to hide anniversary gifts, but ultimately something Steve was grateful for. He had nothing to hide from Tony any more.
Steve looked at him for a moment; watched the way his gaze flickered briefly from Steve’s eyes to his mouth and then back up, or the way his heart was beating just that little bit faster than normal through the pulse in his wrist.
“And you’re very attractive right now,” Tony raised his eyebrows and then got to his knees by Steve’s head, resting his forearms against the rim of the bathtub. Steve rolled his neck sideways and looked at him, tired and fond as he tapped his finger wordlessly to his mouth. Tony, the ever-loving boyfriend he was, complied and kissed Steve in greeting. “Always nice to come home to a naked and soaking-wet Captain America.”
, however, was quite possibly the furthest thing from closure Steve could possibly be. It almost would have been amusing, if Steve wasn’t quite so repulsed by the entire situation. Because in all that time spent wishing, hoping, praying for another chance to meet the man again, when he finally found himself at the gates of Tony’s Malibu mansion the very next day, it felt more like a nightmare than anything close to reality. Like he was back in that dark part of his mind again, trapped in a hell he couldn’t escape, where Tony was evil and the world was wrong and Steve was never going to get his chance at happiness again.
By the early hours of the morning, they’d all settled down into their pajamas, still surrounded by warmth and pillows and food, and Steve hadn’t drunk a drop, but he still felt buzzed. Tony’s thumb rubbed a warm circle across his wrist, and they were tangled in a mess of limbs on the biggest, brightest beanbag in the front of the fort.
He watched it through, unable to even remember their names correctly for a good ten minutes. He must have been fucking wasted. Pepper said that PR were handling it and the police were doing their usual investigative bullshit, but Tony happened to glance at the stocks and realised that none of it really mattered by that point. The damage had been fucking done.
Was trapped even the right word? Was that JARVIS’ home? Steve had no idea how AI’s worked— hell, no one else on Earth except Tony did, really. “Are you cramped in there?” He asked, looking at the device. It wasn’t a standard laptop, that was for sure. Tony must have built it from scratch so that it would be able to hold a program as complex as JARVIS. But still, it was vastly smaller to the machine in Tony’s room, or the space JARVIS had had in the workshop.
“Yeah.” Steve rounded the desk and then crouched on his haunches, looking up at Tony in concern. “How you feeling about me touching you right now?”
Steve just shrugged, squeezing their hands together. “Yeah, no worries,” he said, “I’ll probably go take a bath or something.”
Tony was Steve’s universe. It was bad, he knew, to be this emotionally compromised- but in all honesty, Steve couldn’t care less. At this point, everything revolved around that man, and the world knew it. Tony was, essentially, the safest man in New York. The single attempt three months and twenty-nine days ago (Steve would never, ever forget) to try and use him as leverage against Steve had not gone well for the perpetrators. They still hadn’t found all the parts of their bodies. Undoubtedly they never would- Steve had been very, very thorough.
“Neither did you,” Steve told him, but by the way Tony’s face twisted against him, he figured that Tony didn’t quite believe that.
Slowly, Steve wandered over to him, making his steps known as he moved. Tony didn’t turn fully, but his body shifted, one of Steve’s baggy shirts sliding over his shoulders, revealing skin. Steve’s eyes were drawn to it. He checked briefly at the mole sat just above his shoulderblade. It never did any harm to monitor that sort of thing.
“You say it like a joke, but that would probably make me feel better, yes,” Steve admitted, laughing a little when Tony batted him lightly and shook his head.
“Cool, huh?” Tony said, and Steve heard the spark of a lighter as he lit up underneath him. Steve couldn’t help but snort a little as he finally glanced back down at Tony.
“So,” Clint interrupted Steve’s train of thought in his usual Clint Way, and when he looked over in Steve’s direction, Steve just sighed and prepared for something undoubtedly stupid and/or terrible to fall from his friend’s mouth.
Of course, though, there was the other side of the coin. Littered throughout his notifications were messages after messages—enquiries from reporters asking for a statement, mentions on twitter about his ‘poor name being dragged through the mud’ by that
“No, no, it’s fine,” Steve told him quickly, scratching his nose absent-mindedly and then gasping in pain, “I need to… I need to talk to him myself. I… thank you, Rhodey.”
“Mmm,” Steve murmured, shifting a little under Tony’s touch. He cracked open an eye, confused. “Mornin’.”
, God, Steve had never ever wanted this, he should have been more clear that he was okay with it, he could have done a hundred other fucking things to prevent this from ever happening.
He shrugged and turned the TV up a little louder, making a shushing noise over to the corner. Because that was what friends were for, obviously.
But he hadn’t. Tony had survived, and Steve had come to the conclusion that he was deeply in love with him, and life had moved on.
“Oh, just fuck off and leave it, Tony,” Steve said, but it lacked the anger of before, and now it just sounded resigned. Tired. Sad.
“However,” JARVIS continued, “an AI such as myself would sell for up to hundreds of millions of dollars—enough for you to live out the rest of your life more than comfortably. Were you to find an appropriate buyer—”
“Thank you,” he whispered suddenly, cutting through Tony’s speech more effectively with those two quietly spoken words than Fury could in a direct scream.
There was a brief pause, before Steve suddenly lifted Tony out of the bridal-carry and turned him, until his hands were holding Tony up by the ass, lips crashing into Tony’s messily as he moaned. Loudly.
“Oh, come on, it barely even splashed you,” Steve said incredulously, beginning to continue walking- except he found Ty blocking his path, and glared sharply, hackles rising with every second. He did not like Tony’s friend at all. “Uh, can you-“
Steve had loved him fiercely, and like nothing ever before. It was different to the way he’d felt about Bucky and Peggy; that slow, unending flame of affection that you often found in your friends. With Tony, though, it had been raging. Burning Steve’s heart like a wildfire, surging through his system like a drug. They’d raced through all the stages of a newborn in a heartbeat, jumping straight into the deep end. Tony was brilliant and beautiful and kind, and he always laughed at the shitty jokes on the back of the cereal boxes. He loved Steve’s friends until they became his own, and worked tirelessly to achieve what he needed. His very presence, his aura… it made Steve better. He wanted to be better for Tony. He would have done anything for that man, and he knew without a shadow of a doubt that Tony would have done the same for him.
“I’m counting on it,” Tony said, pulling out some comfy clothes from the bottom of his wardrobe and throwing them on. “By the way you’re talking, I’m guessing you’ve got plans for me.”
Steve said nothing, but nodded once as Clint left the room with a tight smile and a stifled yawn. He checked his watch: 1 in the morning. It should be a point where Steve was at least feeling a little bit tired, but he wasn’t. Hadn’t done in days, really. He can’t have gotten more than two hours of sleep over the past week, if he thought about it. But he didn’t want to, either. In all honesty, he was completely terrified of what’s he’d see if he did. The memories that would rush back in like a tidal wave that he couldn’t escape from. At least when he was awake, he knew that Tony was still alive.
“Steve?” Tony asked softly, and Steve jumped a little, realising he’d been staring for a while. “What's up?”
“Well he talked just now, didn’t he?” Steve asked simply, to which Thor stilled. “Just try, buddy. Maybe this—maybe this hit close to home for him. Maybe he’s ready to blow. I’ll look after Tony while you’re gone.”
It was just… Peter was a baby. Peter was the purest form of human goodness you could get, where he’d done
Tony and Bucky looked at each other for a second, before shrugging. “We’re not… enemies,” Tony explained slowly, whilst Bucky nodded.
“Please,” Steve asked desperately, but Sam’s dad didn’t budge. In the end, he had to accept defeat, agreeing quietly. Paul had told him he’d make an excuse for his potential lateness, but that would be it, and if Steve didn’t turn up to school, he was gonna be in deep trouble.
He bit his lip and looked down, finally caving. It had been two hours since he’d last checked in- that was normal-ish, right? “JARVIS, give me Steve’s current resting heart-rate.”
“I don’t remember my reasons at the time,” Tony carried on after however many moments of silence- maybe a few, for all Steve knew, he’d lost track of everything other than Tony’s words a while ago. “Maybe I was trying to piss Howard off as much as possible. Maybe I wanted to push myself as far away from my family name as possible, seeing as the only living relative left in it was someone who’d never even loved me. Maybe I was just grieving.” He sighed gently, and Steve watched the fingers of his left hand twitch absently toward his pocket- the craving to smoke apparently hitting him in automatic response to talking about this stuff.
Steve hummed, his hand going to the door. “That’s nifty.” He yanked the passenger door open, looking blankly at the seat for a few moments.
“Then don’t say dumb things!” Tony told him, trying to hold back a smile as Steve pouted at him and gave what Clint had called his ‘Tony Face’.
It sure was fucked up to be too afraid of your own subconscious to sleep, but hell, Tony had been doing it for years. His mind was a depraved little shithole when it wanted to be, and after the all-encompassing terror that had overwhelmed him when Steve had gone into cardiac arrest last week, Tony figured the whole ‘PTSD’ part of him would be going into overdrive. That much was already goddamn obvious, though- how many times had Tony checked Steve’s pulse by now? Probably over a hundred.
“I feel like I’m intruding a little,” he admitted, and then before Steve could rebuke his concerns, Tony was already making his way across the room. “I really should go, anyway. Drinks are on me tonight- they’ll all be waiting,” he informed Steve cheerfully.
Steve shut his eyes and sighed, slumping down and pressing his back against the side of the tub. “I thought they were making fun of me,” he said with a shrug, “because they all probably worked out why I’m fuckin’ useless around him. Still didn’t like them doing it though, it was annoying. As for the way I looked at you—” He grinned and rolled his neck, looking up at Tony with an amused expression, “I don’t know what it was that you were seeing, but I was pretty sure I looked like a lovestruck fool. That’s how I felt, anyway.”
It had sounded so genuine—like a thing said in the heat of the moment, without any rehearsal. Then again, what did Steve know? Tony had been spinning people bullshit since before he could walk. He could well have done the same thing to Steve.
There was a long silence; Tony doing nothing but hold him tight and keep his hands curled tight around Steve’s waist- but then he laughed, leaning back a little. “Mm, gonna need more alcohol for that one, sweetheart,” he muttered, letting go of Steve in order to dig a hand into his pocket and pull out his hipflask.
They drove mostly in comfortable silence, arriving at Lina’s with time to spare before their reservation, which was pretty much unheard of for the two of them. And of course, as soon as they got there it was a battle. Tony was determined to get Steve to try something new on the damn menu, but of course, Steve just wanted to stick with what he god damn knew.
It was a sombre thing to say in the dark and silent room. Steve swallowed, then nodded slowly as he squeezed down on Tony’s hand and moved to rest it on Tony’s chest. He tucked his knees up to his chest and looked at his boyfriend with a watery smile.
It was the only thing he could think of that would possibly help. And it was ridiculous, really, to visit the place where nothing more than the shell of what had been his mom now rested in the hope finding some peace, but he wanted to try.
Sam paused, glancing at Steve, who just shook his head helplessly. Sam swallowed. “In order to protect the wellbeing of Tony, I can’t do that, Sir.”
He heard Tony laugh down the line- even the tinny static from the phone managing to make Steve’s spine tingle. “No, okay, that wasn’t the best explanation. Turn left, and go into the big corridor. There’s a set of stairs at the bottom that leads to the basement. I’m down there.”
“Pepper will yell at me,” Tony went for a different angle, pouting down at Steve, “is that what you want? Do you want her to yell at me?”
Sam’s eyes sharpened a little, but Steve shook his head in placation and waved it off. “It was nothing- he got in my way, I dealt with it. If he holds a grudge, so be it. It doesn’t concern me.”
Steve grinned. Thor was beginning to talk like he was medieval again. He raised his own glass off diet coke into the air with him, and Thor clinked their beakers together roughly, which, of course, meant that half of the contents of Steve’s drink ended up all over his face. “Wow,” he said, unimpressed, “thanks, Thor.”
“Brought you a friend,” he began the conversation with, nodding over to the computer he’d set on the table. Tony glanced at it, and his face broke out into a smile.
“He woke up about 48 hours ago. It’s been three days,” she told him, reading his face. Her gaze was sympathetic. “We kept you sedated while we figured out… stuff. Steve- do you know what’s been happening these last few months?”
Steve whirled around, and Tony only had a second to register the fist before it flew into his jaw and knocked him sideways, sending him off his feet and onto the tiled floor. His elbow knocked painfully against the corner of the bath on the way down, and he landed clumsily with a heavy thud, breath punching out of his lungs with a sharp force.
“If you say one more word, Bucky, I will fucking kill you,” Steve snarled angrily, and Bucky looked at him with a grim face, but Steve was
intimidated by people, not as a genal rule- but he knew these kids. He knew how they pretty much ran the entire school. And he was also aware that they never really liked newcomers.
There was a short pause, and Steve tried to think of something to say, but was distracted when he heard the soft sound of Tony crying again. He jerked his head back down to look at him, and saw his head bowed; shoulders shaking silently as he sobbed into his own hands.
was too strong. He felt warm, but uncomfortable. Like he wasn’t part of his own body. Like he was floating.
permission anyway- they’d been dating for damn near three years by that point, so it was okay. If it kept Steve happy, Tony would do it whenever he wanted. Obviously. And Tony loved having sex with Steve too... most times. Just recently, it seemed- a little off. A little different. Tony couldn’t quite pinpoint it, and it was just those past few weeks. He was sure it was all in his head.
“Go ahead,” Steve muttered, lurching forward and winding his hands around Tony’s neck in order to kiss him again, because that had suddenly jumped to his number one favourite thing in the entire world, and if he could have it his way he’d never have to stop doing it for the rest of his life.
He could think of worse places to be, though. Despite initial reservations, Manhattan wasn’t so bad.
Steve stayed still, shutting his eyes and feeling Tony’s presence as the other boy rested his forehead gently against Steve’s for a few seconds, before pulling away with a tight smile and then wandering over into Bucky’s living room, slipping inside quietly. He was subdued and still upset, Steve could tell. Steve had never really experienced that sort of thing, but he knew what panic attacks felt like, and although they were different to PTSD, he still knew how long the feeling could linger for.
Tony’s nose scrunched adorably as Steve’s wet hair touched his chin, and Steve was about to move away, but Tony just made a noise of disapproval and clutched tighter, wrapping his arms stubbornly around Steve’s shoulders and sticking his whole face into the blonde wetness without another complaint. Steve just laughed again. “God, I love you,” he said softly, placing his greeting kiss against the plating of the reactor, “I love you so much.”
Sunlight hit him painfully once he had finally crashed his way out of the ruined interior, and he winced. There was probably some sort of head injury going on, but he didn’t exactly have time to worry about that. He could see the sleek metal robot, now lying face down on the ground, a large and sparking hole in its neck. There was no sign of Tony.
who actually gave honest-to-god Butterfly kisses any more, but of course, Steve didn’t care about that. “But I guess I love you too,” he murmured.
Jan sighed, shooting him a sideways glance that was a tad too sympathetic for his liking. “You don’t see it for the same reason he doesn’t,” she said, her shoulder bumping lightly with his, “neither of you thinks you’re good enough for the other.”
Everyone looked at him, and he realised he was shaking violently. “That’s a message,” he said, and Rhodey’s face cleared of is confusion, the penny dropping as he gaped at Steve.
The car swung dangerously quickly around the bend, but Steve didn’t stop to think about telling Loki to slow up or be a little more careful. Instead, they remained in a terse sort of silence. Steve had never spoken to Loki properly before, but he didn’t have any extra emotion to expend on feeling awkward about it, so he simply stared straight ahead of him and thought of what he was going to find when they arrived.
Oh God. Tony’s hand grabbed for Steve automatically, and he felt Steve reach back with a hissed-out curse, pushing them quickly toward the car, Tony stumbling over the curb in his haste to get into the passenger seat. He could feel his heart suddenly up in his throat, making his tongue heavy with terror. “What’s wrong?” He asked urgently, “Is he sick? Has someone taken him?”
His cover story was fairly simple. SHIELD had worked out some sort of pattern to Tony’s behaviour, and knew that there was a military base down in Nevada that he was intending to hit next. This was what Steve was also going to use as their link. SHIELD had fabricated a new work profile for him, placing him as a Private Investigator currently under contract with an independent pacifist organisation that wanted him snooping around the facility in order to dig up dirty secrets they were convinced that the US were hiding.
With a sigh, he stroked his finger down Tony’s jaw, pressing lightly under his chin in order to tilt his head further. Soft lips rested on his forehead and he closed his own eyes, savoring everything that was so familiar, so much like home to him.
Steve sat there, watching Tony sob into his best friend’s sweater, and he felt that ache. He knew that Rhodey felt it too. And Thor, and Sam, and fucking all of them.
“Hey guys,” he said airily, hand inconspicuously tugging Steve back a step or two, “what’re you doing here?”
Ultimately, he’d missed his slot. Sure, it wasn’t the end of the world, and he could make a new plan in regards to asking Steve on a date, but still…
He hadn’t had a choice. Tony had been in the depths of an episode that not even Steve could pull him out of, not this time, because it was his fault. And if it had just been them in that bunker, if Bucky’s life hadn’t been on the line too, then Steve wouldn’t even have bothered to fight back. He knew he deserved it. But Bucky
Without Iron Man, he had nothing else to give them that they thought was worthwhile. No one had even looked his way in ten minutes and fifteen seconds, when normally, when he had the appeal of the armour on-side, he would be fully included in the conversation.
Pulling out his phone with shaky hands, he got up Bucky’s number and then slid his fingers over the keyboard, asking his friend to come pick him up outside Tony’s place. Bucky sent a few question marks in response, but Steve just told him he’d explain later, and Bucky, being the good friend that he was, simply gave him an okay and then nothing more.
He watched Ty as his eyes scanned quickly over Steve, before stopping somewhere at his collar. Steve remembered the fact that he was currently sporting Tony’s leather jacket over his usual shirt and jeans, and honestly, it was a dick move, but he winked at Ty anyway. It was just funny to watch the way the asshole’s jaw clenched in irritation.
Tony smiled. “I always knew you’d come and get me.” He kissed Steve quickly. “And I love you too. Obviously.”
“Ahh, the basement,” Steve nodded and began walking to where Tony had instructed, “because that’s not the start to every horror movie ever.”
With that, he ended the call before any of the people on the other line could respond. He didn’t know how they’d managed to get his number, and he didn’t much care either. A second later he’d blocked it anyway, so it stopped being his problem.
of love with him. I’m trying to say that every day- even now, when I’m angry and upset- I still manage to fall a little bit more
He was grateful for lunch break when it finally came around, because he was absolutely starving, and quickly devoured the panini he’d bought. Sam looked at him judgementally. “And that’s what you get for skipping breakfast, kid.”
The survivors regrouped, all of them numb. Steve did a count of who they’d lost, and then threw up in the bathrooms. There was dust all over his hands. He wondered if it was symbolic.
Tony huffed, looking at the ceiling. “Mmm,” was his answer, mentally wondering whether it was considered impolite to log this event in one of his science journals. Steve’s body alone was absolutely fascinating. His eyes turned fucking silver, for Christ’s sake- and Tony was pretty sure he was still hard, even though he’d just come. After an experimental shift and responding intake of breath from his boyfriend, Tony was proved correct. “You can go again,” he mumbled, patting Steve’s shoulder reassuringly, “I’ll jus’… dunno, have a nap. Scientifically log every aspect of your anatomy or somethin’.”
“Hey, so you know like, a week ago when I went to that stupid PR event with my dad at that weird arty museum place?” Tony asked suddenly, pulling away from Steve’s mouth and talking raspily, trying to catch his breath.
Tony’s fingers found his jaw, and they gently turned Steve’s face back to him. “Hey. Look at me,” he whispered, “please.”
With a final muttered, “fuck me,” Tony sat up and pulled his phone from his back pocket, calling Pepper up in order to ask her to send him the latest schematics from R&D that he’d been sidelining for the past few weeks. He needed some time to sort his damn head out, re-align himself. And it’d make Pepper happy, at the very least.
He knew she was looking down at him with a fond little smile and a knowing eyebrow-wiggle that had always had Steve rolling his eyes and telling her to cut it out. His mom would’ve been ecstatic about this. Like he said- she’d
Steve didn’t have time to ask the dozen or so questions that popped into his head. Instead, he just focused on the AI’s words. “Alright. What can I help you with, then?”
Until then, he had to deal with the doctors quietly suggesting that he see a therapist whenever Steve was out of the room. Nurse Linda was a lovely lady, and Tony knew that she was only trying to help, but it really, really fucking didn’t. He didn’t need help because as it turns out, Steve hadn’t actually been abusing him. Steve had just been possessed. Such was the nature of their damned lives, he figured. Maybe if Steve had actually turned out to be an abusive piece of shit, Tony could’ve considered the therapy. But he wasn’t, and Tony could see that it was quite clearly tearing Steve up to see Tony this way, so he just wished they’d stop goddamn asking about it.
As she should. Because Peter was talking. And Tony knew it was dumb, of course, but he just… he felt so strangely proud of that. Like they’d helped. Which, you know, they probably had. It wasn’t exactly like Peter had had much affection or encouragement before this—before them.
“I seem to remember he asked you what the time was, because he was running late,” Natasha spoke over him, “ and then… what did you say again? Oh yeah, after a quite frankly scarily long pause for you to think about the question, you plucked the first number you could think of out of your head.”
Her eyes hardened immediately, moving over him once before coming to the immediate conclusion. “Steve?” She asked, and Tony nodded, that feeling under his sternum flaring up again when she said his name.
Immediately, the living room burst into action, everyone jumping to their feet and brimming with excitement at the prospect of a night spent watching the play be performed on stage.
But Thor was, of course, already moving, getting to his knees in the sodden earth beside her little plaque and then carefully scraping off some of the dirt that had accumulated over it. Steve sniffed again, and blinked a few times before also dropping to his knees opposite Thor and picking out the weeds.
, Tony,” he pointed a finger upward, in the direction of their room, and Tony pulled a face, unable to help himself.
But there was nothing. All quiet on that front, which meant this was a SHIELD-operated mission, and not just general damage control. Alright then.
He was about to argue- but then he thought about his track record; of Bucky and Peggy and every other person he’d been told to stay away from- and promptly shut his mouth with a clack, choosing to sigh irritably instead.
By his side, Thor came to stand with him, nodding at him once, and suddenly Steve knew what to do. There was a bubbling inside him, igniting and growing like a flame, like an inferno.
No one was worried as they made their way out of the cafeteria. Tony was firmly sandwiched in between two grim-looking supersoliders, both with enough weaponry and strength to take out two thirds of the ship on their own.
He worked until his eyes hurt, until his back was aching from hunching over the computer for so long. But, at the end of it, he had what he was after. The title was a work in progress- Project BADAUSS, obviously pronounced ‘badass’, because Tony was not passing on the opportunity presented to him, and standing for ‘Baseliner Allyship and Defence Against Unhuman Social Stigma’. It was the beginning of what Tony hoped to be an in-depth and informative website. Including blog entries, personal experiences, the option to send in content material with an anonymous feature available, and a breakdown of what it
Steve paused for a moment, managing to drag himself away in order to have a semi-coherent conversation. “Do
“God, I’m getting hives just listening to him,” Clint told Natasha, who gave him a swift smack across the back of the head and then gestured for Steve to continue.
Tony was halfway to making his way back down quickly, when a hand wrapped around his waist and pulled him back.
“You don’t know that,” Bucky said, “Peggy is always telling us how weird school over here is compared to England.”
He smiled and shook his head, leaning back on the chair and tapping his fingers against the armrest. “Nah. It’s actually been… it’s been good. Since I last saw you, anyway. I’ve… yeah.”
“I hate you,” he whispered to Steve as the man walked beside him, “You and your training exercises. I feel like I’m getting drowned by my own sweat in here.”
Tony didn’t wait for him to finish. He lifted his hands and slowly tugged Peter out of Steve’s arms, pulling him into his chest. God, he was
when it was uphill. He tended to get warm far too easily, and so having an easy-access boyfriend to cool you down was truly a wonderful thing. “You seem chipper today.”
Tony bit his lip, trying to focus himself to one thing as opposed to the billions of little side-thoughts that were battling for top spot in his head. He pressed his ear into Steve’s chest, felt his heartbeat. Steady and solid. Real. Steve… Steve was one of the strongest people Tony knew. His episodes were warranted, at least. If Tony had been through something like World War Fucking Two, maybe he could be excused as well. But it just felt so… pathetic, in comparison. What was a bit of water torture to the bloodiest conflict in history, really?
For about five seconds, Steve simply stared at his name blankly, completely stumped. He’d been sat curled up in the library for hours and hours, trying to concentrate on the words that he’d been reading instead of the complete exhaustion that was begging him to just take a nap, let his body rest. Any thought of doing that was shoved out of his mind as he saw the contact appear on his screen, though- like the whole universe singled down to that one word, the image of Tony’s bedhead and sleepy smile popping up on the screen.
Then Loki knocked him out, and Steve mentally fucking berated himself for being so stupid. Rule number
“It’s not our call to make. Tony made me swear not to take him unless he explicitly said so. I can’t… I can’t just—”
Tony whirled around to look at Steve. “Uh, since when was I- Steve, I don’t need to stay over with you, it’s f-“
Steve huffed, raising a hand so that his lips were pressed against the rim of the mug before muttering “well why don’t you get me a date with Tony, then, if you know me so
She merely waved a hand, as if saying ‘lets find out’. He smiled again and then shook Steve’s shoulder softly, nudging him awake. Steve’s eyes fluttered open at the same time Tony gently lifted Peter off his chest and into his own arms. “Come on, Petey-pie,” he soothed as the boy stirred, making a little noise of irritation, “just gotta get both you boys to your proper beds.”
All he got was a shrug. “Yinsen will keep it under wraps. I’ve got a fake ID anyway, so technically I’d be Anthony Carbonell, a nineteen-year-old student. It’d be okay. I could do it. I know I could.”
, Steve,” Tony jerked wildly, hand slicing through the air and cutting him off, furious all over again. “Shut the
“Asset,” he blurted out as soon as the word came to him, but by that time those three had moved and instead it was Steve again, sat in a chair by Tony’s said and letting his fingers linger faintly against Tony’s hand. It felt nice.
,” Steve whispered when his brain finally rebooted, mouth turning up and splitting into a huge smile. He moved his hands from around Tony’s waist and cupped his face, leaning down and kissing him. “That’s so so wonderful, oh God, I’m so happy for you!”
“You’re looking again,” Tony stated, even though his eyes were buried in the depths of the storage box.
Steve laughed, lips brushing softly over Tony’s hair. “It’s 11. I’ve been lying in for 3 hours, now.”
He pushed his way forward, until eventually the crowd thinned, stopping in a straight line. Steve spotted Tony at once; whole body tense and rigid as he yelled at the other boy standing a few feet away. Steve noticed that strangely, a third boy was waiting at the sidelines. He was young- probably an eighth grader at the most- and he was staring between the boys nervously, biting his lip as the yells were traded.
It was scary. New, and kind of… stupidly huge. Steve had never been in love before. Not in the way he loved Tony. He’d loved his mom, and he loved Bucky and Peggy- but that was softer. It was a constant undercurrent, always there, gentle and affirming. This- loving Tony, it was like his heart was on fire. Like a thousand things were exploding at once, and every single spark was sent directly to his spine. It was madness, really. He couldn’t concentrate, he couldn’t even think whenever Tony was in a room. Touching him was like being hit with a thousand volts of electricity, but in the best sort of way. Steve was addicted to the feeling. Steve just… wanted nothing more than to have him. All of him.
“It wasn’t like… that,” the boy shook his head and looked down, frowning at a patch of black on the back of his hand, “she didn’t… she didn’t stick around
Steve opened his mouth to respond, but ultimately decided to just let it be. If Thor wanted glue his furniture to the floor, who was Steve to judge? Instead, he simply shook his head, smiled, and then slouched into Tony’s side, making himself comfortable there.
Tony sighed. He wanted to open his eyes, look at Steve. But he was cowardly. He was too scared. What if it wasn’t? What if everything- all of it had just been a hallucination, and Tony was right back where he started when his eyes opened once more- back in the cave, back under the water, nothing changed, nothing done.
Before Steve could even stop him. he’d lifted the hatch and stuck his head out into the room, spotting Clint as he tried to squeeze himself into a suitcase under his bed.
He’d show Bucky later, though. He’d want to hear it. It was almost as important to him as it had been to Steve.
“I’d say you could make it up to me, but I’m guessing your walls are pretty thin, and as much as I’d love to put Wilson through something as traumatic as that, it’s not quite the impression I want to make on his parents,” Tony mumbled against Steve’s mouth, his hands dropping from Steve’s neck to his chest, pushing him down until he was lying flat-out on the bed.
“Hey, hey, take a few deep breaths,” Thor said, his own hands rising up and hovering nervously by Steve’s shoulders, “my name is Thor, remember? You are… the new boy, who sits with Clint, right- yeah, that’s it- I’m going to take you to the kitchen, okay? It is a lot quieter in there. We can get you some water, yes?”
There were just so many parts to him that Steve wanted to know about. The intellect, for one thing. The large house that had no one in it but Tony. The drink and the drugs and the lifestyle that never seemed to match up to the boy Steve knew when he was speaking to him one on one. The fact that Tony was the most popular guy in school, and yet Steve only ever got the feeling that he was overwhelmingly
Tony batted his hands away gently, rolling his eyes. “Right as rain. I can handle myself, you know.”
It was still raining, even when they arrived at his mom’s grave nearly an hour later. Wintry darkness was already starting to fall, and Steve didn’t have long before they’d have to go back home, if only to stop from freezing. He hoped that Thor wasn’t going to be bored by this. He could imagine it would be fairly dull, for someone who had never known who Sarah Rogers even was.
Steve stared in confusion at the two of them. He had no idea what they were talking about- what did he do?
Tony pulled an incredulous face, untangling his fingers from Steve’s in order to move them instead to his neck, tilting his head back up so he was looking at Tony. Before he could let his remaining nerves get in the way, he pressed a kiss to Steve’s cheek. “I want you to tell me every single fucking time,” he declared vigorously, “every time, Steve, you hear me? I don’t care how much I love it. If it hurts you, then it’s not for me. And you don’t… you don’t need to meet me in the middle or compromise on this stuff, okay. You don’t need to put on the stupid ears,” Tony’s fingers moved, tugging off the plastic ears and then tossing them onto the table, “not if the thing that you’re celebrating is a thing that exists off the back of your misery. I don’t want you to do that. Not ever.”
“Touched as I am that you seem to care so much, you’re not actually my mother,” Steve snapped, rolling his eyes and turning around. “I don’t need life advice from Tony Stark, thanks.”
“You were the one who distracted me with your, your stupid mouth,” Steve grumbled as he tossed the charred remains into the trash. “You got any more onions?”
She stuck out a dainty hand, but when Steve wrapped his own around in greeting, the shake was shockingly firm. “Indeed. It’s lovely to meet you.”
One time, he’d overheard Tony talking to his friend Rhodey about one of his dates when they’d been sat nearby one another in bio, and Steve had heard all about how shittily it had gone, which definitely made him feel good. Because not only was Tony Stark an asshole, but the guy he’d been on the date with- Tiberius Stone- was an even
Rhodey looked confused, but nodded, pulling five bucks from his pocket. “We’ll see you ‘round, Steve,” he said, before turning away with Carol and walking down the street.
“Shut up,” Tony hissed to the empty room, shoving the stupid piece of shit he’d been working on away and then pressing the palms of his hands into his eye-sockets. He was exhausted, and hadn’t had a proper sleep in days. He needed... he needed Steve. But these days it was hit-or-miss as to whether he’d get
Pulling out his phone again, he checked the teacher wasn’t looking his way before pulling up Tony’s contact again.
SHIELD is on Tony’s ass as usual, pestering him to upgrade their shit once more, to the point where he’s ready to start tearing out his hair, and Steve’s just about reached his limit, too- he’s been following some bullshit HYDRA lead for months now, and to no avail, they’re still just teetering one step ahead of him.
“Neither did I, surprisingly. I promise I won’t put a hand on you, Stark- I just wanna talk,” Bucky said, raising his palms in a show of peace as he passed Steve.
Steve nodded in understanding, looking back at the toy now sat on Rocket’s table. It was ugly, and the raccoon clearly hated it. But he kept it close.
He spat more blood. He’d been stripped down to an undershirt and what remained of his trousers, cut and ripped from scuffles and knives. Maybe it had been more than three days, now he thought about it. He was so hungry. And tired. But they wouldn’t… they wouldn’t let him sleep. Or eat, or even sit properly. He was chained to the ceiling, and if he dropped any lower than his knees he’d be choked to death. It left him looking like he was begging at whoever came into the room- which, he figured, was the whole point.
Again, although there was conversation around them, Tony couldn’t help but feel as if everyone was also keeping one ear in on their conversation and awaiting on Tony’s response with bated breath. Even Thor had temporarily stopped his loud sulky spooning of carrots onto his plate, as per Bruce’s request.
“I know,” Rhodey rolled his eyes, looking a little petulant, but still smiling, “Tony explained it to me. Still think he’s an asshole though.”
He turned and looked at the other man hopefully, but rather than return the warm look, Steve’s face fell further, glaring daggers at him. “I’m not joking, Tony,” he said quietly as he shoved his toothbrush back down and then turned away from Tony, “stop talking about it.”
Sam pulled a face and clutched his plate up to his chest. “You’ve done them for the past five nights, man. Even I can admit it’s my turn, you just go back upstairs and text your boyfriend. Yes, we both know you’ve already been doing that for the past ten minutes. Normal people don’t have to stifle laughter when they look at their own crotch.” Sam winked wryly and tugged Steve’s own plat out of his hand.
Wrong thing to say. Tony knew as soon as he’d said it, because Steve laughed harshly and then marched forward. “Can’t make you?” He asked, voice laced with fury,
There was so much he wanted to say, and do, and talk about. But his mind was fuzzy and muddled, he felt off-kilter, too unsteady to think through all of this properly. Maybe Tony was right—maybe he just needed to… relax. Hell—seemed like they had the rest of their lives to figure everything out.
Case in point; he felt Steve’s fingers move down from the small of his back, trailing across his sides until his hands wrapped themselves under the bottom of Tony’s thighs, hitching them up and pulling Tony in a little closer. Tony made a breathy noise, which Steve swallowed up immediately with a twitch of a smile on his lips. He knew exactly what he was doing, the bastard.
It was only when Tony’s fingers pushed up at his chin that he realised he’d let his head fall. “This is fucking great,” Tony said with a huge smile, “seriously. You said you could draw, but I had no idea you could actually
Tony just shrugged. “Thugs don’t give up easy,” he explained, and then held up a finger in sign for Steve to wait a moment as his other hand began digging into the pocket of his jeans.
Gently, Steve pulled Tony away from the window and over to the bed. “Let’s just relax,” he said softly, “forget about it. It’s over. You’re safe, and he’s gonna be in jail for a long fuckin’ time. It’s gonna be okay.”
“I’m going to keep you safe,” he murmured against Tony’s face, “I’m going to do better. No one will ever touch you again. Ever.”
“You’re only jealous,” the second guy said with a sneer, and Steve laughed out at him blindly but the first guy pulled him back, opening him up for a bodyshot to his ribs that definitely made something crack, “we see the way you look at Tony. You’re obsessed with him. You got Rogers + Stark written on your notebooks, huh?”
In the end, though, Tony just cracked a little smile. His right hand curled subconsciously around his left wrist. “Life’s too short for that, Rogers,” He said, but the tone of his voice just didn’t match up to the words that he spoke, “anyway- I need to get going. Party down at Hammer’s place in a bit. He’s a piece of shit, but he always gets the good stuff.” Tony shrugged, spinning on his heel and throwing up a hand in farewell.
“I’m not intending on coming back here,” Steve informed her simply. He wished she could have just waited another few minutes before letting her curiosity get the better of her and coming down to investigate. He didn’t want to waste any more time.
She raised her hands in a show of peace, but shot Steve a toothy grin as he backed clumsily out of the room, face still bright red. “Okay, okay, some things stay between two phones, right? Don’t worry- secret’s safe with me,” she wiggled her eyebrows and then blew a kiss over to him as he stuck his finger back up at her and then turned on his heel, trying to retain whatever dignity he had left.
“Yes, you do,” Steve said gently, “please. Don’t try and hide this. That... wasn’t a normal nervous response. You weren’t even looking at me when you told me to stay where I was. You weren’t in the room, not really. And I don’t blame you for that, okay, but I still need to know a little bit about it. For my safety and yours.”
There was a very brief pause as Natasha processed that. “Steve, you’re a fucking idiot. We’re in a SHIELD fortress. You can’t expect to just walk away with the most wanted terrorist in the world—”
His eyes stung; a hot burn, poignant and painful as he felt the tears spill over onto his cheeks, and then his white shirt. In front of him, Tony was watching- every line of his body looking like it was in pain. His eyes- the ones that could shine deep red in contrast to Steve’s golden- were mournful. Hollow. Filled with loss.
“Have you ever tried to stop Steve from fulfilling a task that would make you happy?” Bruce retorted quickly, “That door did not stand a chance.”
“What, does the sight of me in your shirt with your come all over me not do it for you?” Tony smiled at him politely, breaking down into chuckles when Steve just groaned despairingly and wound a hand around Tony’s waist, hoisting him over to the bed.
No response. Tony put the other hand up in repulsor-firing position then he pushed at the door, opening it up with a too-loud groaning sound. This room was lighter, mainly because it was huge enough that the roof had windows which let in the light from outside. It was also vast, spacious, like an auditorium, and filled with… medical equipment, it looked like. In the centre, Tony realised, was the same machine that they’d used on Bucky Barnes for all those years. Or at least, it had been. It looked kind of mangled now.
“I know,” Steve whispered, not brave enough to look Sam’s father in the eye. “This is—this is my problem, and I promise, you won’t need to pay a dime over it. If it goes to court, I’ll plead guilty—”
The night was getting cooler as he finally got home, and he pulled his jacket tighter in on himself, kicking open the door with a heavy boot and then slipping in. Sam heard the door shut, and his head peeked out from the living room, slightly confused. “Steve? What are you doing back so early? Thought you were with Tony?”
Steve didn’t speak for a moment. He seemed troubled as he looked back down at the floor, the golden blond strands of his hair falling forward and the tips of the ears poking Tony in the shoulder. “Because I just feel like… I feel like I ruin all your fun by being Unhuman,” he said quietly, glancing up at Tony for a moment before once more averting his gaze. “I’m not ashamed of who I am. I’m not. But— but I know how much of a downer it must be to just be enjoying things and then get told by your miserable vampire boyfriend that you can’t enjoy it because it’s incorrect, or it’s bigoted, or the company that owns it hates Unhumans or whatever.” He shrugged minutely. “I imagine it wouldn’t take very long for you to get very bummed out and annoyed by that. I didn’t want to push you away.”
were giving it your best shot with Barnes in fucking Siberia! Don’t treat me like some sort of blind idiot, I know what kind of risks this comes with and you need to
Steve nodded and stepped in, hand snaking around his waist. “Duck your head,” Tony informed him quickly, before firing up the repulsors and smashing through the roof. He’d fix it alongside all the other damage done during training.
he wouldn’t, not again. Not ever again. And yet he’d looked Tony in the eyes in that god forsaken HYDRA cell and he’d broken that promise. Whether he’d succeeded in what he’d been aiming for at the time (something he didn’t even want to fucking think about) was irrelevant—the fact was that Tony put his life in Steve’s hands every time they fucking touched and Steve had let him down. Again. Why Tony was still here at all, after everything, was beyond Steve. He sure as hell didn’t deserve it.
“He’s a freak, just roll with it,” Steve informed them all with a nod of his head, “the more depraved you are as a human being, the hotter he finds it.”
The bruising was something he could handle at home, the broken rib was an injury he received pretty much every month, and the leg… well, he might need a crutch for a while, but that was nothing he couldn’t handle. He just wanted to get the fuck out. Go home. Back to normal. If he was in the tower, things would be… easier. Right now, Tony felt as if everyone was walking on eggshells around him and he could barely fucking stand it. The whole team had come in trying to give some variation of an apology that Tony didn’t goddamn need- it was hardly their fault that Steve got possessed by some alien doohickie, after all. Tony was the one who’d missed all the signs. Tony was the one who’d been so fucking caught up in feeling sorry for himself that he hadn’t stopped to think about
“I trusted you,” Tony whispered from underneath him, blood all over his face, words breaking as they left his mouth, and Steve wished he was dead.
There was a second of silence as he stood there, shin-deep in snow and searching the immediate area, before he heard a faint noise. Indistinguishable and far away. Male. Steve called again.
“Then there’s not much point, is there? I don’t want a party where the underlying thoughts are about Natasha not being there and why that is. We could… it could just be us, tomorrow. Just hanging out, normal day.” Tony paused, before adding, “Maybe with the bunny ears thrown in.”
“We are in one of the largest alien technology storage facilities in the US. We absolutely can.” This time it was Natasha speaking, her voice clipped, harsh. She was glaring at Tony because it was easier than letting herself look afraid, and she quickly turned her head back in the direction of where they’d just run from, analysing what she could see. “Your suit’s pretty destroyed, but it’s not totally dead. You probably would have survived even if you’d stayed in it. Can you cannibalize the parts? We need to get a message to Thor, or Bruce, or anyone who can hear us.”
And yet over the past few years, Tony’s attitude had changed. He’d stopped being such a dick. He smiled at him rather than laughing at him, and he waved on the corridors rather than just shove him, and
, that had always been what they were. Tony was going to marry him and live out the rest of his life with Steve’s last name and a ring on his finger that bound him to the other man forever and he
He thought back to her words from the fight. About how Tony had never stopped loving him. And it was… God, it felt so dumb, but in a strange way, Steve wasn’t even surprised by it. Because he and Tony had just always felt so… integral. To everything. They’d always been the gears that worked together, always been what drove the team, they’d always made each other
He saw Tony halt in his footsteps and turn his head, eyes catching Steve’s almost immediately. His features froze up, and then he saw Tony shut his eyes for a moment, rubbing a weary hand over his face. “St-Rogers, now is not the right time, just leave it-“
He sat back. The grief he felt was something he had grown familiar with, by that point, but it still hurt to see it mirrored on Tony. “Oh.”
He went still in the cot while everyone continued to bustle around him, distantly hearing Thor ask whether they could cut the turkey yet. Steve was sat right next to him, but Tony kind of didn’t want to look his way. This was probably going to be embarrassing.
Lurching sideways with an uncoordinated thrust, he vomited across the rug beside the bed, hacking up nothing but bile and spit as his stomach convulsed inside his midsection. He couldn’t breathe, think, hear. It was too quiet. It felt like death. Like the end of the world.
He felt the gaze of the entire team of Avengers settle on him, and felt incredibly small. He looked down at his lap. “Look,” he began, but Steve cut him off with a sharp shake of his head.
“Will both of you quit flirting for one goddamn second and focus on the mission at hand?” Bucky grumbled, “we’re trying to defend our ship from invasion and all you’re goddamn doing is yappin’ at one another-”
electronics free though, I have to go talk to DUM-E and tell him we’re both okay. I think he thinks it’s all his fault. He’ll be hiding in a corner somewhere with his little claw all droopy and I can’t just let him sulk like that, he won’t be happy again until I tell him he’s a good boy-“
“I can’t decide whether this anger is you trying subtly to say you’re going to miss me or just genuinely focused on your hatred for Washington DC,” he informed Tony as the man pouted at his own reflection and combed his damp hair back off his face. He was wrapped in a towel around the waist, fresh out of the shower, and Steve appreciated the wonderful curves of his lover while the man continued to rant sulkily about Steve’s imminent departure.
One was, of course, family. This included his friends, his team- they were as close as he was going to get to blood relatives anyway. His mom was the only real family he knew, although even she was growing more fragile with each day. Soon, he knew he would have to let her go. But for now, there was not a task on heaven or earth that he would not complete for those he considered family. For those who he was loyal to, and who were loyal to him.
Steve stared at him for a fraction of a second, and then he turned away, mind already on other things, more important things. He looked for Tony in the screaming crowds.
Tony’s heart sank as he leaned forward and picked Peter up, tucking him into his arms with a small frown. He jigged the boy up and down, watching as a beam spread across his podgy cheeks. Steve sighed in front of him, and Tony looked back over. “This changes everything,” he declared solemnly, “Steve, we can’t give him over to social services. Not now.”
Tony’s arms wrapped immediately around Steve’s neck and he grinned lewdly over to Clint, who pulled another face.
“Tell me… just… you know what, fucking forget it, I don’t care-” Steve waved it off, shaking his head and clenching his jaw as he turned his back again and leaned over the tabletop.
“I’m gonna miss my flight,” Tony whined, looking up at him with an attempted glare. It didn’t really work. He looked far too cute, with his nose and cheeks both pink from the freezing cold and his wool coat zipped up all the way to his mouth, shrouding him in fabric. He extracted Steve’s arms from around his waist with leather-gloved hands and took a step back, wrinkling up his face when he was subsequently exposed to the harsh wind. “God, why do you have to be so irritatingly warm?”
Tony hissed, “Howard, I can’t just… I have things I need to do today! You have a whole speech planned for this, I have nothing, you can’t just give me five minutes and expect me to be able to land you a fucking deal, I don’t even know what they’re fucking here f-“
Jerking forward like a man possessed, he pushed through the crowds incredibly impolitely, hands moving people out of the way as effectively as he could without just outright shoving them out of the way. People yelled and drinks were spilled but honestly, it was Tony’s fucking champagne so they could deal with it or they could get the fuck out. “Steve!”
Tony was probably going to have to argue that later— there were some things that really did require a human eye to analyse everything, and they couldn’t afford to miss out on a single detail here— but for now he just let it lie with one curt nod. At least Steve didn’t have to see any of the initial testing. That was a positive. He didn’t need to watch something like that; it wouldn’t be good for him.
“Tony, what the fuck are you doing?” Steve said loudly, jerking forward and instinctively grabbing his wrist, “Tony, fucking hell, get down, you’ll fall-“
not come out in the wash, but then Bruce gently lifted his leg and his ruined pants quickly became the least of his problems. “FUCK!” He hissed through his teeth, head spinning with the pain.
Tony didn’t say anything else. Neither did Steve. Eventually, he just heard Tony start up the car and then felt the pull as they turned back into the road. “Sam’s house is-“
Natasha sighed. “Useful as having Tony Stark as your backer may be, Steve, I really wouldn’t recommend getting too cl-”
Tony laughed, settling a hand into Steve’s hair. “Can’t,” he said through a weary sigh, “got a meeting in an hour.”
Tony opened and shut his mouth a few more times before sighing. His eyes fluttered closed and he leaned his head forward, smiling into Steve’s hair. “God, Steve, you have to have realized that I want to do a little more than kiss you at this point. Come on, I’m trying, but I know I’m not being subtle.”
Steve hummed, realising that must be where the incessant low-frequency humming was coming from. Tony pulled himself back under the belly of the contraption a few seconds later until only his ankles remained visible, and Steve took another second to stare up at the first draft Tony had seemingly knocked up in nothing more than a few days, before simply shaking his head and then veering off to the left where the couch was pressed against the wall. He got comfortable amongst the worn out leather and old blankets, and he and Tony struck up relaxed conversation as the both of them worked. It was simple and easy, interspersed with comfortable silences and occasional snack-breaks. Steve had been trying to teach DUM-E how to make a sandwich for about five months now.
Steve could still feel that his hands were shaking, could still taste the imaginary blood at the back of his throat if he concentrated too hard, and just recalling the events of the last day, remembering what had happened- what
“Mmm,” Tony said, “which one of us is forcing me into buying shitty low-fat butter and coercing me into cutting back on caffeine?”
Steve interrupted him with a delicate kiss against his mouth. Tony hummed. “You spend as much time with DUM-E as you want,” he agreed fondly, “but I’m holding you to the camping thing, though.”
Steve just raised an eyebrow, leaning back and letting his fingers tap out against the tabletop. He wanted to say something- if he’d been living in his own home, he would’ve opened up the invitation for Tony to stay there if he needed somewhere. His mom had always, always offered the house to anyone who was in trouble- it had gotten Bucky out of a fair few tight spots in his time.
Steve smiled, something falling back into place within him at the words, like coming back home after a long mission. He stood straight and took a step back, before pausing and swooping down again, placing a delicate kiss against Tony’s mouth, nervous and quick and pulling away before he could second-guess himself. “Just for Good luck,” he explained, and then hightailed it out of the room, feeling something strangely close to happiness settle in his gut.
Tony jumped at the outburst and then blinked quickly, before swallowing and looking down at the helmet which was now in his hands. “I- uh- yeah. Sure? I mean- uhh, when… when is it? Your birthday, I mean. And- and your party, I guess-“
Tony woke up to updates from Pepper telling him that the launch had gone fantastically, and he spent most of the first morning on the porch writing out emails and finishing off design-work on his tablet, one eye watching Steve feed the chickens out in the front. The warm summer weather was pleasant enough that they spent most of their time outside, going out on walks and sitting in the fields to eat their lunch while Steve sketched and Tony read. He kept a close watch on his partner, making sure that he wasn’t getting worked up about anything and trying to keep it from Steve, but there was no need to worry. Tony settled into the routine quickly, and was more than happy to shirk all his responsibilities for a little while. The suits and business attire had been swapped out for soft pants and flannel, the delicately trimmed beard he’d been keeping meticulously on top of for the last few weeks was starting to grow out just a touch, and Tony had opted to take his glasses with him as opposed to wearing his contacts, so the frames were sitting cute and clunky on his nose.
Steve laughed tiredly and leaned back against his pillows. “Feels like I’ve been hit with a train. Twice.”
Tony just shrugged, leaning against the wall. “I deserve my ass-grabbing. I’m about to go and spend the rest of my night getting really angry about AIM’s shitty moral compass. Let me have my fun.”
He knew their lives were fragile, hanging on a razor’s edge. Didn’t mean he liked to be reminded of it, though.
“No, you didn’t,” Steve couldn’t help but laugh as Sam sighed, throwing a wrapper at him and saying “just go back to sleep, Clint.”
Oh. Tony blinked and then sucked one in, feeling it burn almost like alcohol in his throat--- but that was not a train of thought he wanted to go down just then, so he shoved it away. “Thanks for the reminder J,” he said breezily. The temperature was dropping as he moved further North, and he watched the icy planes of the Russian tundra loom up ahead of him. Steve hated the cold. Always had.
He waited as JARVIS remained silent for a few seconds. A part of Steve took the time out to admire Tony’s genius, and the fact that he’d managed to create what was definitely the most human robot Steve had ever heard before. It was truly incredible- he couldn’t even believe it, mostly. It felt like talking to a real person, but this… it was just numbers and codes.
Everyone turned then; Tony practically getting a face-full of Steve as he stumbled forward from Thor’s push. Tony put his hands out and caught Steve by the stomach, stopping him ending up sprawled over the table- and Steve looked down at him with a grateful smile. When he turned to scowl over at Thor, the unfazable boy just beamed. Steve wasn’t sure whether the push in Tony’s direction had been intentional or not.
“I’m fine,” he said shortly, running a hand over his face and blinking a few times in an attempt to wake himself up, “I’ll see you later, okay?”
“You know,” Steve said softly; the tips of his fingers tracing around the edges of Tony’s face in fascination, “I never knew what this felt like until I met you.”
The words punctured through their angry silence like a knife slashing through a tire, and Tony’s head shot up from where it had been staring at the table in order to look over at Steve in surprise.
They didn’t say much as the show ran through. Steve just rested his head against Tony’s shoulder and allowed the simplicity of contact to ground him back to earth. Tony, for once, seemed content to do nothing at all- occasionally flicking through his phone every now and again, but using most of the time to gently run his hands through Steve’s hair or trace up and down his arms.
!” Tony laughed, pointing up to the rafters that were jutting out a few feet above him. “Look- we’re going to the roof, see? It’s easy, don’t worry, I do this all the time.”
Steve grinned. “Yeah, he’s a total idiot,” he admitted with a shrug, face softening as he said, “love the bastard, though.”
“I’ve got a tecchie over in the computer room trying to find that out for you right about now,” was the response he got, “but he’s taking longer than one minute and I’m not used to that kind of dawdling. Tell me why we didn’t just bring Tony again?”
“You know that’s probably what Tony daydreams about whenever he gets sent there, right?” Clint sing-songed with a laugh, before waggling his eyebrows over to Steve, “and I’m guessing you do too-“
anything, per se… Steve’s sweaters were just cozy, okay? And his sweatpants were soft and his tshirts were baggy and they all smelt like something undeniably
He reached the back of the biggest couch and placed a hand over it, spotting the figure curled up against the pillows immediately as he did so. Drenched in a jumper five sizes too big for him, hair a mess and face relaxed peacefully, was Tony. He must have taken a nap whilst waiting for Steve.
one another. All wary knocking and careful distances, as if Steve could hardly even stand to be around Tony, and Jesus Christ
Steve smiled fondly, until Peggy shot him a look that was partly curiosity, part pity. "Yeah, it's only 'cause his boyfriend's not out yet- but just give it a few months and he'll be screaming it off the damn rooftops, you know what Steve's like."
“Nat, for the last time, you know what I’m like. I… I can’t talk to women! This is useless, come on!”
“Tiberius,” Pepper finished for him, eyebrows knitting together a fraction before she purposely relaxed herself and smiled again, “and seeing as he’s pretty much untouchable, we couldn’t exactly threaten him. So please excuse us for perhaps… overcompensating with the shovel-talk with you, but there’s a lot of bad experience there, and we’re not keen on standing by and letting it get repeated.”
“I... I thought it was Italian,” Steve said mostly to himself, hands curled around the strap of his bag as he watched the kid jump up the stairs three at a time.
Clint just stared at the hat on the table blankly. Steve figured he must not have had his caffeine fix yet. "Well," Clint began, "someone woke up on the wrong side of the bed this morning."
The rest of the table were laughing, Tony was yelling at Thor to put Steve down, and Steve couldn’t help but giggle as Thor continued to parade him up and down the table. He could hear the dinner ladies yelling at the both of them from across the room- he was going to get into trouble for this if he didn’t get put down soon, damn him. Thor was mad as a bag of cats. God only knew how Jane was going to handle him.
“Well consider me assured- but I’m gonna call you again when you get out anyway- I want to know every detail about the new school, alright? People, classes, cafeteria food- all of it.”
Tony looked up, sighing deeply. “AIM,” he declared, sitting back once more and then palming a hand across his face. “God, what the hell are they doing here?”
“He would heely his way straight into my work and ruin it, Steve, you know he would.” Tony shot the Bot a fond look and then rolled his eyes, turning back around to face his work. He was crouched low, ass stuck out, and Steve found himself cocking his head and watching appreciatively as the man screwed something into place. “You are far too attached to that thing.”
“Sorry, sorry,” Bruce muttered apologetically, “we need to raise it, Tony.” He hoisted it further up until it was at an appropriate point in the air and then snapped at Rhodey to go get something to hold it up. The man nodded curtly and hurried away to a place Tony’s hazy vision couldn’t see him.
Tony blinked blearily and lifted himself away from Steve’s shoulder, turning around. “Ah,” he said with a nod, “right, yes, workshop. Come on, Steve- enough with the maudlin thoughts, hey? It’s Friday. We can’t be maudlin on a Friday. That’s against the rules.”
“Oh, just because you’ve been chauffeured around in Tony’s fancy Ferraris and bikes for the past month, now you’re all pissy about getting down to basics again,” Bucky scolded him, catching the look Steve made when a part of the dashboard fell off in his hand.
Tony glanced at Steve for a moment, before shrugging. “Something like that,” he told Sam as the boy grabbed his arm and dragged him further in, sitting him down on the couch and promptly dropping the pile of books on his lap.
“And I appreciate that, but when you’ve binge-eaten ten portions of Chinese, it’s just nicer for everyone if you can clean away your stuff, I’m not asking for the world.”
The meetings had been boring and tiresome and interspersed with sly comments that Tony had been too damn tired to even respond to properly, the MIT opening had been okay until a bunch of protesters showed up and told him he was a bloodthirsty killer who needed to give up Iron Man and spend the rest of his life in jail, and he’d been so on-edge for all of it that he’d ended up nearly clocking Happy in the cheek when he’d tapped Tony on the shoulder.
Of course, he healed. Time, and therapy as demanded by Bucky, both helped a lot. He started being able to sleep without medication or alcohol, and say her name in casual conversation. Peggy Carter. Best friend. Died a hero. Her impact never left him though, and he woke up every day to the peeling paint of his Brooklyn apartment missing a warmth that he knew was no longer here on Earth. Missing that lipsticked mouth of crimson or purple. And it wasn’t just her he missed, either. He started to come back to the world, and as he did so, he truly realised the gravity of what he’d done. But he knew it was too late to go back on the damage caused by the way he’d acted. Tony had gone. And Steve had no choice but to live on. See the next day through. Go through the motions as best he could. SHIELD had snapped him up only a few months after he’d split with Tony, and they’d wiped him from the records after that, so Tony couldn’t have gotten in touch with him if he’d tried. He filled out mission reports as he watched the 6 o'clock TV and ate a microwave meal, let his apartment get steadily messier and messier, and tried not to think about everything it was that he’d thrown away in his shitty fucking life. Kasey, his therapist, liked to tell him that he has to live each day in the present, not the past. He had to move on. And it wasn’t particularly a life he enjoyed, it wasn’t a world he was happy to be in, but it was better than where he had been when Peggy had first died.
Anyway new chapter will be released as and when I reach my donation target on kofi, so stay tuned (hopefully) for more!
Of course, just as Steve was getting nicely fitted into his spiral of self loathing, Sam chose that moment to burst open the door with absolutely no regard for people with hangovers at all. Steve groaned louder, cursing a string of truly foul words as he curled tightly in on himself- but the idiot didn’t seem to care much, damn him.
Tony mulled over his words for a moment before he nodded. When he glanced down at Steve, there was a fond look in his eyes. "The picture I have of her in my head is very flattering," he said fingers twirling one of the rolls of paper around and around in his hand, "I bet she was great. I mean- You're her son- she must've been doing something right. I could imagine she was quite something."
“Christmas is going to be really weird,” he blurted, “without you. I think I’m going to be pretty sad. But, I mean, Tony will be too. And Thor, probably. I think we’re all a little fucked up, to be honest.”
“Don’t,” Steve rolled his eyes, “there will be no leaping in front of fast-moving vehicles any time soon. Promise.”
When an alarm began to blare through the mansion, the lights falling into a deep-red emergency colour as he and Tony sat up in bed, Steve’s mind instantly settled on:
His foot stopped an inch from her plaque and hovered there uselessly for a few seconds before he dropped it gently back down a safe distance from it.
For now though, she was gone, and Tony was probably going to have to find some way to pass the time for the next few hours, because the team were undoubtedly busy with—
Sometimes, Tony worried that there was something deeper going on. Sometimes Steve was so... different, than how he was normally. Cold. Unusually... cutting.
Steve stared at him, realizing how small Tony looked when his personality was no longer filling up half the room. He looked so much more vulnerable sat here in front of Steve, his legs curled around Steve’s and his hands crossed over his stomach, like he was fending off attacks from something that wasn’t there. Tony was… Tony was sorta broken, if Steve was being honest. He drank too much and he had friends who weren’t really friends and a father who obviously didn’t treat him right and a mother who- who wasn’t even alive any more. Steve understood where Sam had been coming from on the first day.
But Tony felt it, and he glanced back at Steve, looking into his eyes for a second. There was panic there; a rabbit caught in the headlights of an oncoming freight train, no escape in sight. Steve just nodded in understanding, even though his heart was sinking deep into the pits of his stomach.
“There’s no limit on when you can eat Cheerios,” Clint told him adamantly, hopping up onto the counter next to Natasha, “and we weren’t planning on eating anything for dinner tonight anyway. Takeout got boring after the 5
he wanted to ask, so very badly- where was Tony’s dad through all that? How did he end up abandoning such a brilliant boy; leaving him to destroy himself, slowly and methodically? How could anyone do that?
And hell- Tony exaggerated a lot of things on the daily, but he sure as fuck wasn’t lying when he said that he would have done anything in the entire world to never see Steve look the way he’d done at that moment ever again.
He slipped through the hall hurriedly and turned the corner to where he knew room 7 was. Before going into the room itself, he opened the door of the observation deck to make sure no one was inside. But it was empty. Everyone had gone home for the night. Steve shut the door again, and turned to the one beside it. He didn’t waste time debating. He’d been doing that since this morning. And, hell, he’d gotten this far.
(Tony had just thought… one day, maybe… but it had been silly. Hadn’t even discussed it with Steve— and sure, the man had confessed he’d dreamed of marriage and kids and a nice family home when he’d been fighting on the front lines, but that was a long time ago. That had been when he’d still had Peggy. And obviously, Tony wasn’t… built for that. Steve knew as much, so he’d dropped the idea. C’est la vie.)
Tony’s face didn’t change a shade. “Why would an upstanding organisation such as SHIELD want to be illegally buying my weapons off the books, Brock?”
Tony just sighed, and looked genuinely remorseful as he said, “yeah, really sorry about that. I was a prepubescent teen with no idea what to do with the sudden influx of gay thoughts I’d have whenever you entered a room. So I pulled on your pigtails in order to get your attention.” Tony pulled a face, before smiling, “but I’m cooler now! Comfortable with my sexuality, at least thirty percent more stable and also, still kind of crazy about you.”
He took a moment to process that. Tony must be lying to him. For one thing, the story about Fort Oswald wasn’t even true—it was all part of the lie he was feeding Tony. There was no weapons deal there, but Tony still seemed to be planning on a hit. This conversation alone was incriminating enough; if Steve wanted to, he could leave right now and the information he had would have Tony under arrest in a heartbeat.
“Please don’t make me tell you- it’s a surprise,” Tony pleaded, sticking out his bottom lip and putting his hands together in a prayer as he leaned closer to Steve. Steve just focused very hard on Tony’s nose and tried not to notice the proximity. “Pretty pretty pretty please with a cherry and sprinkles and solid gold shavings on t-“
And Steve knew, if there was one thing that Tony Stark had never in his life been able to do, it was stop trying to help people.
For years, they’d been telling the ancient laws what they thought of that particular rule. For years, they’d been happy.
“I dunno,” he said eventually, voice softening. He looked back at Tony and shook his head. “But I know we’re gonna find them. And we’re gonna make them fucking pay.”
Slowly, Tony curled his hand around the back of Steve’s neck and pulled him in. Their lips brushed, the softest of touches, and Tony whispered his goodbye against Steve’s mouth.
“Oh no,” Tony said, because he could imagine exactly how that conversation must have gone, and it wasn’t good. There had probably been far more things said than just the dumb plan. Feelings will undoubtedly have been revealed. Possibly a love confession.
Tony wondered how many times he must have just blacked out in the middle of the gym or the kitchen or the couch, just like that- boneless, spread-eagle, probably hitting his head on the way down-
Tony was breathing heavily, and his entire body was being slammed against the sharp edges of what had been left of the ship. Every gust of wind made him cry out in pain. “Steve, I can’t- I can’t hold-”
“When you say words,” Steve said slowly, thinking of the way Natasha usually tended to use her ‘words’ with the people she didn’t get on with, “how violently phrased were they?”
The evening was gorgeous- late summer sun just beginning to sink into the huge buildings that surrounded them, and it bathed everything in a beautifully deep orange glow. Tony suited evening light- the warmth made his skin glow. Like an angel’s.
Steve snorted a little, and Tony glared at him, unimpressed. “What, Rogers, you wanna do it?” He snapped, and Steve’s quickly averted gaze and hasty silence was answer enough.
Luckily, he did find it, thanks to his great memory and rather specific motivations. He pushed it open confidently and then just laughed when Tony clamped a sudden hand over his eyes, telling him not to look. He was made to stand by the door for a full minute as Tony sprinted around his room, undoubtedly cleaning the dirty underwear and random bits of paper up and stuffing them all in a cupboard, if the sounds were anything to go by. When Tony came back and kissed him again, Steve was half convinced it was just in an attempt to stop Steve from being able to see the flush of embarrassment on his cheeks.
“Don’t worry, that greeting is exclusive to Natasha,” the boy grinned, “she likes to lay down the law from the get-go. Me? I’m more happy to let you push until we descend into a brawl in the middle of th[e school cafeteria-”
Next to him, he could’ve sworn he could sense Tony’s mouth open, the beginning of a rebuttal on his lips before he remembered who he was with and let it slide. Steve turned his head and shot him a look, and Tony retaliated by sticking out his tongue, because he was mature like that.
All he could think about was what must have happened after Steve had ended his call with Tony last night. Had he seen the man’s car rolling into the driveway and realised that he was too late? What had he been working on that was important enough to risk that? God, Tony hadn’t even thought Tiberius would see his threat through. Maybe he’d greeted Howard at the door, not even expecting the response he’d gotten.
Since then, it was almost safe to say that things had been pretty much plain-sailing from there. Comparatively, anyway.
“Ughnf, wait, is the new guy here?” Steve jumped a little as suddenly he watched another boy jerk upright from the opposite bench where it seemed he’d previously been having a nap on. His hair was plastered to his face, and a bandage ran across the bridge of his nose. “Steve, right?”
Steve shut his eyes. He hated this. He hated knowing what Tony went home to, every day. The so-called-world that Tony lived in outside of Steve didn’t sound like it was too great a place to be, honestly. Maybe on the surface, the Gucci slippers and gold-flecked vodka was pretty good, but when you delved a little further down, you started to notice the rot in the corners of it all.
“Hey, they managed to create me, so they must’ve been doing somethin’ right,” Steve took the lighter from Tony’s hand once he was done, and then sucked in a deep breath as it lit.
Tony sighed irritably, but his anger was beginning to be clouded with something more similar to worry now, and
Steve’s eyes widened, and he realised that Tony was right. He had to get up. There was still some fight in him, and he had to wake up. Now.
Steve felt his smile stick a little. Of course he was fine, he wasn’t the one lying in a hospital bed. Nothing had happened to
“Who’s this, Darcy?” Mrs Wilson turned around from the stove and looked at them all curiously, and Steve felt his face burn with embarrassment as he dropped his head into his arms on the table. Oh God- sometimes it felt like absolutely nothing in this household was private. Nothing in the entire
“I don’t care,” Tony mumbled with a shake of his head, pulling away to look at him earnestly, “don’t give a damn, Steve, look at me- I’m the one who should be warning you, you don’t… you deserve someone with so much more than I could possibly give you, but I’m selfish and I want to try anyway.” His voice was nothing more than a scared whisper as he leaned in, forehead against Steve’s own, shutting his eyes and breathing in Steve’s air with shaky rasps. Steve felt Tony’s hands flex against his sides; wanting to clutch, but holding himself back.
Tony had been walking in front of him; wandering through the streets of New York with a carefree smile on his face as he pulled Steve through by the hand. He’d been saying something- something about one of the latest papers released on some Spacey Thing Steve hadn’t quite been able to follow- and Steve had just been nodding along encouragingly, all whilst wondering where exactly Tony had been taking them.
“Guess we should get digging then,” Tony said with a shrug of his shoulders, trying to squash down the wave of apprehension that curled over his chest. It wasn’t going to be fun, but it was going to be necessary. For Peter’s sake.
“Hey-“ Tony’s voice dropped, turning serious, and suddenly there was a hand over his, long fingers gently attempting to unclench Steve’s fist and stop it digging into his own skin, “hey, Steve, it’s okay- we’ll get your stuff back, I promise. I’ll find them and make them give it back. I can track your phone, can’t I? It’ll be easy.”
“Please don’t kick me off the team,” he muttered, shutting his eyes, “please, I can still be useful, I just… try this again, few more times, I’ll get… it. I’ll… it. Promise. Promise I will, Steve, please-“
Tony laughed. “Bet they were; s’not often Captain America calls up and asks to steal your house for a week. They’ve probably left just assuming that aliens are going to come and ruin it or their cow is gonna be involved in a super-secret operation—”
The streets were empty, and Steve made his way through them hurriedly, mind wandering as he went. He’d never really been in this part of town before- in fact, most of Manhattan was still foreign to him. Brooklyn, he knew like the back of his hand, but Manhattan? Like another world. He’d never really been travelling that much- mom never had the money or time to take him anywhere, and Steve hadn’t ever felt particularly inclined to go. Yeah, he’d thought about going abroad when he was older, but everyone did. It was a pipe dream for him, really- he’d never have the money to afford that in reality. Perhaps if he got rich, he’d move around some more. See the sights. He’d always wanted to visit the Grand Canyon. But until he could afford the gas to get there and back, it seemed he was stuck in New York.
“Sorry,” he said with a shrug, as he’d pulled out the blanket and spare pillow, “I used to make Sam and his old girlfriend do it. We know what you kids are like, that’s all.”
“So what now?” Natasha asked when Steve was done, her eyes intent and a nail tapping repetitively against the table. He could tell her mind was working rapidly, flitting through different scenarios as each second passed.
Steve swallowed, feeling the shame curl in his gut. Yeah, okay, so obviously Tony thought he was a complete idiot. Which was fair. He’d acted like one. “I-“
She looked down at Peter, shutting her eyes as one tear slipped down her cheek. “Keep him safe,” she finished, “AIM won’t stop or give up the search for him. He’s special—moreso than anyone knows. Just… keep him safe.”
“Tony, you know that we love you, very much. Before this begins, we want you to know that,” Bruce said softly.
He felt his face fall a little, and couldn’t help the disappointment creep in. He’d been looking forward to spending Christmas with them, and his whole ‘wooing Steve’ plan had been sort of dependant upon the specific traditions that came with the holiday. But if it’d taken him a day and a half just to wake up, it’d probably be at least another two before he could actually leave the medbay, which meant that by the time he was out, it’d mostly be back to every-day life,-- and by everyday life he meant lounging around eating nothing but toast and cereal while waiting for New Years to come around.
For now, he just leaned his forehead into Tony’s shoulder and tried not to hate himself too much for it.
Tony snorted and sprinkled a few herbs into the mix. Rosemary, it smelt like. “Oh, sweetheart, my loins are positively
Tony was silent for a moment, just looking up at him, like he knew that his fate was now hanging in the balance of his next words. There was a new gash, this one right on the middle of his forehead. It matched with the bloodstain on the table. Steve figured Rumlow must have smashed his head against it.
“I’m guessing it was a sonic blast- looked like it came from the top of the ship. The whole airstrip is probably in pieces after that,” Tony replied, hurrying forward and following Bucky as he made his way down the hall again, “it should be fairly easy to dismantle, though. They’ll have to be firing it from the ship they came from; there’s no way to get a blast that big from anything smaller than that. All it’ll take is for me to hop up and pull some wires out.”
God, it was a terrible idea. And Tony- Jesus, the thought of someone like Tony being romantically interested in someone like him was utterly
“—No, the reason I’m in this mess is because I chose to be a fucking immoral bastard, and you know what, I think this is a fair punishment for what I did.” Steve’s eyes moved to Tony’s forehead, the bruising there. “They hurt you,” he whispered, feeling his own words like a physical blow, “they hurt you, and that was because of me.”
“Was I smoking?” Tony murmured, hands grabbing Steve’s collar and pulling him down again, “I don’t remember anything before about 15 seconds ago.” He pressed a harder kiss into Steve’s mouth that time, and Steve made a keening noise in the back of his throat at the contact, savouring every second in which Tony’s mouth was on him. He felt like he could just sit here forever, on the rooftop with Tony, kissing him, feeling the rapid thread of his heartbeat under his fingers as he curled his hands around Tony’s neck.
have moved it that fast, I—I don’t—” Tony broke off, letting out a shaky breath. “I know what I saw. But it doesn’t make sense.”
He rubbed viciously at a spot of dirt, unable to shake the feeling that Tony was playing him somehow. That this was all just part of his elaborate scheme. He had to remember what had happened in Gulmira. By far the worst of Tony’s crimes; that whole town had been fucking decimated by him. Iron Man had been seen heading in there before the attack, and then leaving a day or so afterward. He’d done that.
After a few more questions were exchanged, everyone seemed to agree on the course of action, and Tony heard Clint start barking out instructions to the people on the other side of the building that were still alive. Steve and Tony both hurried through to the stairwell, taking out anyone guarding their path with brutal efficiency and following the trail of destruction that led them further into the building. Tony felt his mind buzzing, and his body was edged with apprehension. There was a little niggling thought in his head that was making him think there was something not quite right about this. He couldn’t put his finger on it. Maybe it was the lack of coordination to this enemy’s movements. They were just coming in one wave, which left them totally exposed at the back. It was sloppy, even for AIM.
“Thoughts on me dressing up as a playboy bunny for Halloween tomorrow?” Tony asked with a raised eyebrow, pulling away for a second to gauge Steve’s reaction. “I have been told I look good in rabbit ears.”
He realised this was when he said it, right here, right now. The words that altered Steve’s course in history forever.
There was a short silence at that, and then Tony coughed, lowering his voice a few octaves. “I can be moody, if you want,” he said, a hint of petulance in his voice, “I’m great at moody. I’m mostly always moody- you’ve seen me at school.”
“STEVE! STEVE, STOP!” Someone called, and he felt it as someone yanked roughly on his shoulder, pulling him up against his will, throwing him backward on to the deck again.
“Disagree on point one, totally in agreement of point two,” Tony slid off the stool at the same time Steve did, looking down at him, “Mr ‘I saw someone drowning some kid’s homework so I decided to start a fight with them despite the fact they were both on the football team and I am five-foot nothing’.”
Steve didn’t know how to carry on the conversation after that, so he quietly left, took up position back on the rooftop. That was where he stayed most days, now. Just waiting for Carol to bring Tony back home. Tony would know what to do about all this. Tony would fix it.
The gauntlet was heavy under his hands, incredibly so, but he held up for as long as he could, until the air was pushing out of his lungs in a scream of desperation, just trying to do anything that would hold him back. Thanos looked at him, and Steve felt like an ant.
“FRIDAY,” Rhodey snapped, lurching forward jerkily and resting his hands at each side of the helmet on the table while everyone crowded around, “FRIDAY, what does—is this—”
“Where are your glasses, Tony?” Steve says, fond exasperation evident in his voice as he pulls Tony upright again and then softly places a hand against his jaw, checking to see that all braining incidents had been 100% avoided.
The new voice rang sharply in the interrogation room, and it took a second for Steve to realise that it was
He shuffled up onto his elbows and met Steve’s mouth in the middle, one hand lifting up to tuck the loose strands of blond hair behind his ear. Steve chuckled into Tony’s mouth, but it petered out a few seconds later to be replaced with a breathless hum of pleasure, his body rocking forward and pushing Tony down onto his back again, this time with Steve lying over him, his hands splayed across the small of Tony’s back, pulling him up to meet Steve’s body. It felt so nice. Everything about Steve felt nice. Because Steve was just…
Then again, it had been weeks since they’d had some time to themselves. Tony was sure that the Avengers could handle this.
Of course, that made Tony scowl automatically, and his hand flexed tighter around Steve’s waist. “No, don’t do that,” he muttered sulkily, and Steve laughed, smoothing out his brow with a thumb and then kissing him again.
“You bastards ruined my blanket fort!” Tony screamed from the other end of the room where he and Bruce had rolled. Steve had to agree with Tony on that one: their hard hour’s work was currently lying in a broken heap all around the room, with various limbs owned by various people sticking out underneath it all. Tony looked a second away from restarting his wrestling match with Bruce in retaliation for his destruction of Tony’s precious fort, so Steve quickly intervened by sitting on him. Which seemed to do the job, because Tony settled himself to simply glaring mutinously across the room whilst his fingers wound themselves around Steve’s waist.
Steve curled into Tony’s body a little, eyelids drooping. “We can’t sleep here,” he responded with, because he recognised Tony’s angle, knew that Tony was cunningly aware of the fact he could put Steve to sleep with his combination of beautiful meaningless science-words mixed with some hair petting, “we’re too old for crashing on the couch.”
Warily, Steve nodded. Peter copied the motion. “I’ve heard Tony talkin’ about you sometimes you know,” he added, “a coupl’a times when he’s come into science club and he’s been all weird and happy, and we ask him why, and he just kinda shakes his head and smiles and says ‘nothing’, but then one time Bruce saw you talking to him in the parking lot out of the window and when Tony came back in he was doing the smiley thing and we worked out that it must be you, right? Law of probability,” Peter continued, talking fast and rambly at Steve as he just stood there and tried to follow it all.
“I’m leaving,” he said, chin jutting out defiantly as he forced his voice to stay steady and his mind to disregard all the doubts, “I told you I would if you hit me again. And you hit me again. So... yeah.”
Tony gently lifted his own hand, feeling along the now-bandaged cut and pulling a face. “Still can’t really see you, but m’sure s’nothing to worry ‘bout.” He leaned int Steve’s touch, face falling as he looked Steve up and down. His body screamed exhaustion and vulnerability; it was leaking out of him like someone had poked holes straight through his masks, spilling through those huge eyes, obvious in the way he was curled inward, arms tucked around his midsection as if he still wasn’t safe. Steve wasn’t sure he’d ever seen Tony look his age, but now, he seemed even younger. “I’m sorry you had to… for everythin’. I’m sorry you had to come see me like this—”
"Nuh uh," Steve raised his hands and backed away, eyes wide, "you're doing fine. I- uh- I'll go get some soft foods. Banana? That should be okay, right? And- uh, water? See if that'll help, just give me a minute-" and like a flash, Steve had run from the room, shutting the door quietly behind him and leaving Tony staring bewilderedly at the space Steve had left. For a man who could go toe to toe with a monster and not break a sweat, he sure was terrified of a six-month-old baby.
, alright, yeah, that was good. That was really good. Tony knew he should probably loosen his grip on Steve’s shoulders, but hey, the guy seemed to be enjoying it just as much if the noises he was making were anything to go by.
“What, and I love him more?” Tony said, knowing that the way the words came out were far more accusing than he’d intended them to be.
Tony had been dangerously close to breaking point today, and Steve knew that if this kept up, he was going to get sick. His heart was already weak, for God’s sake- he didn’t need this stress, and Steve should absolutely not have allowed him to leave that morning without putting up more of a fight about it. He’d known that Tony was on edge. It’d been obvious from the moment he laid eyes on the other man. He should have done more.
With one last laugh, Steve did- grimacing a little at the stiffness of the buckle. They turned out into the road, thus beginning one of the worst drives of Steve’s life. In all fairness- it was more the car’s fault than Bucky’s. He wondered if the manufacturers had heard of suspension at all or whether they’d just decided to throw some scraps together and hope for the best. Either way, it wasn’t exactly an enjoyable ride.
Steve was talking about a lady called Miss Holloway, who’d sold pretzels to him during his first few weeks back out of the ice. Tony wasn’t sure how they’d gotten here, but he listened anyway, thumb brushing back and forth across Steve’s bicep as the other man spoke.
But they didn’t have time for this. He didn’t have time to try and make any of that better. Steve looked away, turned his concentration to the shackles that held Tony to the table as he quelled the bubbling self-hatred. He stood, pulling out the small laser-cutting device he’d taken from the armoury. It fit neatly in his palm, and he directed the beam at the chain wrapped around the loop in the desk. “Hold still,” he said shortly, and then switched the thing on, firing a concentrated ray down at the table. The chain was standard; no reinforced metal, and it snapped away after a few seconds. Steve gently pulled it from the desk, releasing Tony’s hand from it. Then he looked back down at the other man, his palm settling over Tony’s shoulder before he could move to stand.
The wall that guarded Tony’s mansion was bigger than Steve could reach, but he made his way up the nearby tree and then scrambled over the top, jumping out onto the sidewalk a minute or so later. He looked a complete mess- his shirt was covered in red splatters and his face was covered in blood, as if he’d been in a fight. He realised that Bucky was going to take one look at him and immediately declare raging war on Tony, and so with another sigh, he grabbed his phone and shot off another text to his friend.
If someone had said that to Steve about his own dad when he’d been alive, he probably would have laughed too.
Steve blinked in confusion, the words catching like a jarring cog in his mind. “You’re gonna destroy them?” He asked. That didn’t make sense. Iron Man was supposed to be stealing all his weapons to amass an army. “Why?”
For a moment, Steve thought of just lying. Telling him something normal, like a doctor’s appointment or a chore he had to get done as soon as possible.
“That would be… nice,” Steve admitted softly, “but Tony- it’s really late, and you have work, and I don’t want to inconvenience you-”
Tony was making fun of him in front of his friends. Trying to make out like Steve was what, some desperate ex?
Tony wondered whether he was high. Could you get high from really good sex? Or maybe some of that cool Vampire aphrodisiac stuff had leaked into his bloodstream somehow. Steve hadn’t broken the skin when he’d bitten that mark into his neck- hadn’t used his canines, unfortunately, instead just giving him a normal ol’ hickey- but there was definitely going to be a bruise, Tony could tell, so maybe that had been it. Tony didn’t know. He’d have to look it up, he supposed.
Steve opened and shut his mouth a few times, before jerkily nodding and beginning to move his feet of his own accord. When he got to the foot of the steps, Tony chucked the helmet over to him and then climbed on the front. “You ever ridden before?”
Tony didn’t even get a chance to laugh, before Steve had pulled him back in, continuing to move until his knees hit the side of the couch and they both fell backwards, landing on the pillows with a dull thud. Tony ended up straddling Steve’s hips while they made out obnoxiously loudly on the couch.
