Castiel, full of blind rage, rushed forwards with his blade.
Wait. Cas? The Empty? Dead?
Dean and Cas smiled at him then turned to each other and smiled even brighter. Then they tilted their heads towards each other and made up for 12 years worth of unsaid words.
Unless Jack used his God powers, but it would take a ton of power to even get to Dean's soul, much less bring it back to the surface. The toll that would take would be too great on Jack. If they made him do that, then he could lose control or kill Dean somehow. That was far too risky.
"It's fine Cas. I've had worse."
But he couldn't let them see that. It would crush them as it crushed him. They didn't deserve that. They deserved to be able to not worry about him for a while.
And with that, a giant flash of light appeared. A rift. Right in front of his eyes. Dean's eyes lit up in shock but joy and he smiled towards the sky. Then, in his hands appeared a small vial and an angel blade. Dean's face grimaced as he realized what he needed to do. But that grimace would soon disappear as he stepped through the rift.
But before he could finish his sentence Cas did his trademarked head tilt, signifying his confusion.
Then Sam cleared his throat and the uncomfortable silence set in. One question hung in the air that no one seemed to be grabbing. A question that was so hauntingly large, that it was surprising that it wasn't addressed earlier.
Was Dean's soul there? Or did it completely shatter while Jack and Castiel were healing him?
"Jack! Can you heal him?"
John lifted his heavy boot off his son and picked up a half-empty beer bottle left on the rotting table. Then he opened the door and slammed it shut with so much force that it seemed like the entire room rattled in fear.
Man #1 and Man #2 made eye contact briefly, Man #1 winked and mouthed some words that Castiel wouldn't be able to see. It wouldn't have made a difference anyway, the fruity angel was too busy focused on the Man #2's scrotum, grabbing and rubbing it, producing grunts from the receiver.
"I get it Sam. You don't have to keep telling me what I already know."
And everything hurt
"Oh my God... Is that really you? Castiel?" Jack said, full of raw emotion. Castiel looked up from Sam's hug and nodded. Jack's face exploded into a smile and he practically flew up the stairs and into Castiel's embrace.
The trauma and darkness ran so deep inside of Dean that not even angelic grace could penetrate it.
An hour. No Cas.
At these words, Castiel nearly lost his self control. He had hoped and prayed for so long for Dean would say those words. And now, they had finally come out of those sweet, pure and plump lips with pure sexiness dripping off of them.
"I'll be in the main room if you need me."
He also had no idea what to say. There was no sure answer as to why Jack felt those pulls in his head or why he felt as though he could kill someone at the blink of an eye. The most logical explanation would be that some of God's inner thoughts had merged with his and Amara's power and Jack had absorbed both... But if that was the case then how would they fix that? It wasn't like they could just extract God AND Amara's power and put it somewhere...
He sighed.
Castiel opened his mouth to say something to past Dean, anything to console him and tell the poor man that he was here, he was alive. But once again, the scene interrupted him and cut out and they were thrust into another one. It was with Dean and Billie. Sam recognized the situation, as it was when he turned Dean into a ghost to hunt that poltergeist in that asylum, but to Jack and Cas, it was a new sight. A sight that they could have gone without seeing because of how painful it was.
Sam laughed. If this wasn't Castiel then it was doing a damn good job of faking him. He slowly but deliberately opened the Bunker's door. Lo and behold his eyes were greeted with that familiar trenchcoat, black suit and blue tie, raven dark hair, and the unmistakable electric blue eyes of the angel, Castiel.
No. He couldn't let that happen.
So yeah this is late and I'm sorry. The chap is a tad bit rushed and a bit shorter than usual because of that, like it's really bad writing even for me... I'm hella sorry please don't kill me AAAAAAAAAAAA
Dean rolled his eyes as he was being excluded out of something yet again. It was annoying how he still didn't have any answers as to why or how he had those scratches on his body, why his fingernails were caked in blood, why he looked like he just walked out of a WWII Concentration Camp, and why his insides hurt like hell. Upon focusing on his internal bits, his stomach did a quick roll and grumbled deeply. The ol' tank needed some fuel, and it was quite obvious that the rest of his body did too.
All of his anger was gone from the kiss though, as it had evolved from anger to concern.
This situation was perplexing.
They found Dean Winchester in that shitty basement with those shitty monsters with the most shitty of shittiest of the most shittiest shit looking Dean Winchester ever.
Castiel was about to kill her despite her words but Jack spoke out.
And so he did the only thing he knew how to do. He locked it away. It didn't go down without a fight, but he somehow managed to rope it in as it screamed.
Damn.
Sam nodded his head understandingly. He glanced towards Eileen. As soon as he saw her sparkling and mesmerizing face, his face immediately broke out into a wide smile. She returned the same.
"If he's fine like he says he is, then we don't have anything to worry about. Come on. Cas you wanna go?"
Castiel looked taken aback, but stayed rooted in his place.
Then it all clicked into place.
About halfway to their destination, they stopped at a quaint little diner to take a rest stop. Sam and Eileen ordered house salads while Castiel and Jack indulged themselves in the trademarked burgers. They happily ate with each other, relishing in the calm before the storm.
"What's that supposed to mean?"
Well, that was if they could bring Dean back. At that hopeless moment, it seemed like an impossibility.
In The Empty, Castiel was awake. He had learned of the situation when he arrived. When Jack left, he had apparently exploded, waking up all of the angels and demons in the vicinity. Every single angel and demon since the beginning of time were now awake. Most of them were dazed, wandering about aimlessly in the pitch darkness. A few, like the Archangels, had grouped together and were trying desperately to make sense of their situation. Michael, Raphael, and Gabriel had reunited and were sorrowfully conferring amongst themselves. Gabriel looked sad, but at the same time, half of his family had been reunited. That was the best he could hope for in these times. Nobody knew where Lucifer had gone. He was here, every angel could sense it, but he was gone off in the deepest corners of The Empty, probably plotting something sinister. Too bad he wouldn't be able to do anything. The angels and demons were powerless here. Even ones as powerful as Michael had no power.
"I can take it. Just, god, put your dick inside me. I can't take this any longer."
After he, Jack, and Sam defeated God, Dean had left. He didn't tell Sam. He didn't tell anyone. He just opened the Impala and drove. He didn't have a destination in mind, but he just drove. He couldn't think of anything else other than Castiel. He had sacrificed himself to save Dean and Dean couldn't do anything but just stare at him and say a few words.
But all of that was minor details. As much as he loved younger Dean, it wasn't the Dean he knew. He needed his big brother back, trauma and all the other shit he's shouldered all these years.
Afterwards, the three distressed individuals stared at Dean dolorously. They decided to watch him in shifts while the other two rested, all the while they would be trying to think of a way to get his sanity back. Castiel volunteered to sit with Dean first, even at Sam and Jack's objections. He simply raised his hand and told them to get some sleep. They would need it. Reluctantly, the duo agreed and shuffled away, Sam pulling out his phone to text Eileen, who was still out on cases. Castiel knew that they wouldn't be able to sleep, but any rest was better than none. Besides, he needed to ease up a little as well.
Castiel couldn't deny that he was disappointed. Years upon years of sacrifice, pining, eye-fucking, pain, and everything else lovers could go through had all passed like the snap of a finger. But Dean never noticed. He never looked at Castiel twice. It was just in his nature. Castiel had seen that in his soul. He had seen everything the man he loved had to offer. Still, it was very disappointing.
He gently layed Dean down on the spare bed and watched sadly as Sam gently tied pieces of firm but soft cloth around Dean's arms and legs. It was the best they could do at the time. It wasn't like they had fuzzy handcuffs laying around everywhere. At least if he struggled with the cloth, he wouldn't injure himself further.
Castiel set the pitchers down and untied the apron from his waist. It was still pristinly white. He gently folded it up and set it back in the kitchen on its hangar. When he returned and saw Sam, Jack, and Eileen all passing the plates around and laughing joyfully, he couldn't help but feel a warm feeling spreading throughout his chest.
Along with his mouth
"Uh, hey. Dean. Uhm. How... How are you feeling?"
Suddenly, all the things Dean had told him about dad seemed a million times truer. All of it. Their father was an obsessed bastard. He pushed all his responsibilities on Dean. He couldn't protect his own family so he forced his son to do it himself. His son who was barely past adolescence had to raise an infant and fend for himself while shouldering his own trauma, all while John obsessed over a demon they didn't even know how to kill at the time.
The angel pursed his lips in thought. Jack could tell that Castiel was trying to think of a way to break the news in a way that was "watered down" as he had heard Sam say from time to time. He wished that Castiel wouldn't do that. He may only be barely four years old, but he had seen things most people couldn't even begin to imagine. He could handle a gritty reality. He just had to know how Dean was holding up.
Castiel approached and ran his hands over the black exterior. He too missed the vehicle. It seemed that the majority of drama in his life happened in this small space. Heated arguments, thoughtful conversations, heartfelt apologies... Many words had been said in this space.
"Dean, you literally said that a week ago. Look, I know you're grieving for Cas, we all are, but you're ruining your health in the process."
Dean was basically dead. He needed Cas back. With Cas gone... He couldn't continue on living.
The nephilim appeared by his side and his eyes shined bright yellow.
He opened his mouth to respond, offer some sort of words of encouragement, but before he could the door to the kitchen opened and Sam's hairy head poked through.
How would they ever break the news of everything that had happened if Dean did indeed seal off his memories in a last ditch effort at sanity?
"Well, I guess that's good. As long as Dean is healing, all we can do is wait." Jack responded after a slight pause.
Dean was broken. Everything in him was broken.
Gwynth invaded his brain and forced him to relive all his worst regrets and pain whenever he passed out. Kind of like an angel would in the Empty, except for the fact that Dean had so many regrest and mistakes and trauma that he had tried to lock away that a trip to the Empty would be a walk in the park for him. So many nightmares. So many regrets. So many times his own family had called him a failure, disappointment, mistake, stupid, selfish... Every other derogatory term that existed could be related to him. And they were true. So true in Dean's nightmares.
I swear I'm gonna finish this even if it kills me
Castiel turned his attention back to Dean. He didn't realize how much he had been relying on Jack. Now that it was just him, the process became much more difficult. He was feeling the repercussions, and it seemed that Dean also was. His face was now recognizable, thank goodness. But now he could truly see the pain that Dean was in. He was feverish and twitching a lot. His eyebrows were knitted together in all the pain. Not a single feeling of peace radiated from his body. Only pain. Castiel set his face firmer and focused harder on healing. He couldn't pin all of this on Jack. He was mostly responsible, so he had to fix everything. He had to fix Dean himself.
It first started with slow drags across the skin. Knives that poked at his skin and slowly drew blood as the monsters gloated at their new toy. Knives and claws and teeth created red dots all over Dean's body.
Sam called two hours later. Still no Cas.
If it's not up soon then please know I'm not dead. Smooches to all of you.
He failed to notice a lot of things in his lifetime pertaining to Dean.
"While I can understand what you're implying, I really don't think that I could have sexual intercourse with a hamburger, Sam." He stated matter-of-factly, not really paying attention to his words.
Gwynth used her angel blade and carved out Dean's eyes like someone would a pumpkin. She laughed as his gurgled screams echoed in the basement. Then Boian approached with needle and thread and sewed his eyelids open so that they would never close again. They would remain gaping holes of pain and hopelessness. Then he sewed the mouth shut so that it would never scream again.
"You know I love you Dean. And while I don't know if you love me back... I still know that I will never stop loving you. You're beautiful. Everything about you is beautiful and I will do anything to preserve that beauty."
They had Cas back. That was a major victory. But where was Dean?
Sam was now filling with worry and anger. What the actual hell? After he had been tortured in the Cage, he sure as hell didn't feel "peachy" afterwards, he felt like... Well soulless.
"Don't remember much at all actually. All I know is that I feel like shit and that Cas is gone-"
When he finished relishing the new feeling, a strange thought wormed its way into his head. Why could he enjoy food now? He normally couldn't in his normal vessel, so what was so different about now?
Dean thought as he stewed in his mind, processing everything that had happened in just the last few weeks. It had been a few weeks since Jack had ascended up to heaven, and it had been a few weeks since he and Sam had literally defeated God himself. The Big Bad, the Antagonist, the End to all Ends. On a good day, he would feel absolutely elated and would kick back on the couch and call it a day with a cold beer in his hand and the TV remote in the other. But Dean still felt empty inside. Everyone he had ever loved albeit Sam were gone. Mom and dad were up in Heaven with Bobby, Charlie, Jack, Kevin, and all the other friends and family he had made in this years long journey of his Greater Good. Well, all the human friends. Crowley, (he still wasn't a friend, but, he did sacrifice himself to save both he and Sam.)Gabriel, Cas... They were all probably rotting away in The Empty, locked away in a deep sleep. The sheer thought of Cas dreaming of all his past regrets and hurts made Dean want to cry out in despair. His best friend, his family, were all suffering while he was here on Earth enjoying life. Sure, before Cas was taken away, he had told Dean to live life to its fullest and to be happy. But Dean WAS happy. He was happiest when he had Cas by his side. He was the happiest when he had Cas, Jack, and Sam all sitting at the table with him, enjoying a beer and just enjoying life together.
It had been so long since Dean had actual sanity in his head that he could barely remember anything about the "real world." Yes, he remembered Sam. Of course he remembered Sam. Sam was his brother.
"Dean my problem is that we're going to DIE if we even talk wrong and you don't seem to care!"
Dean was stable. Castiel and Jack had done a wonderful job of healing all of his external wounds. There were a few places here and there that were visibly bruised and abused, but those were injuries that could heal on their own. All of the exposed internal parts that were life threatening were fine.
"Jack. Cas. What the hell's wrong now?" Sam hissed out. Jack just looked confused.
Dean grabbed his head as he started to shake with the stress of remembrance. But he held on. He had to.
Despite his flaws, Castiel still loved the dense and sometimes stupid man. That was who Dean thought he was. All the self-loathing, disappointment, isolation, and every other negative emotion that a single person could feel was who Dean was. Cas had tried his damn hardest to convince Dean otherwise, but the feelings were there to stay. They had cultivated for too long, left bottled up and unattended. They plastered themselves to his soul and weakened his already fragile state of being. Those cruel feelings that were not true, but had been there for so long that had almost become truth.
"Sam, why are you on my fucking case man? What's your problem?"
He cooked for them whenever he had the chance. Breakfast, lunch, dinner, snacks, and sometimes even a teatime like in England. Sam speculated that Castiel wanted to cook because he wanted to feel useful and he thought that a little bit of Dean's personality had merged with their angel friend too. Dean did love to cook so, and they were basically the same person now, so this speculation wasn't all that strange. It was definitely weird seeing Dean walking around in his apron and not being able to say "Dean."
"You don't eat until you hit something."
When they weren't working or idling around the Bunker, they would play games or watch movies together. One of their favorites pastimes was to watch horror documentaries and laugh at the actors as they hunted fake ghosts with all the wrong equipment and jump at the tiniest of jumpscares that weren't even ghosts or demons. Castiel learned what popcorn was and that it was problamatic to get out of teeth. They also learned that Jack was extremely good at Connect Four. He was the reigining, undefeated champion in the Bunker, much to Castiel's dismay.
After the disaster that was that day 8 months ago, Sam practically begged Jack to use his new powers or anything he had at his disposable to see where Dean and the Impala had run off to. Jack had tried so hard, but to no avail. He had locked away God's power, as well as much as his own deep within his own body because he was terrified. Utterly terrified as to what would happen when he would let it all out. Terrified about what was happening with Amara, who was locked in a deep sleep amongst his new God powers. Terrified about being driven into a power-hungry state and going mad like he heard Castiel had done. Or worse, accidentally killing someone again.
"Later. Right now, we gotta skidaddle."
Yes he was selfish he wanted a family he wanted Sam to stay with him he wanted Cas to be with him and yes he wanted to be happy is that so bad?
"Jack."
"Yeah. I-I don't really know how to explain it, but..."
"Hello, Castiel. Remember me?" She said with a sneer. She always was the ugliest angel Castiel knew, both inside and out. So full of hatred for humanity, but not fully supporting Lucifer. Or at least not yet.
He loves Sam, Dean and Cas. He loves his family. He would never get rid of them for anything.
Sam pursed his lips and shrugged. The answer was vague, but he could safely assume it was Dean. The two of them had shared many personal moments in the past together, so it wasn't at all surprising that Dean might've taught his favorite angel to cook. In fact, the more he thought about it, it would be strange if his starstruck brother
"So do we have any idea where these vampires might be?" He asked. "I'm sure we could take care of them rather quickly."
"Sam! Jack! Try to find his soul! Search wherever you think it would be, but find it!"
He would never witness any of this ever again.
Jack's self-deprecating monologue abruptly ceased as the conversation continued between the three of them. He stopped thinking about it, but he could still feel the pricks of his doubt towards himself in the back of his head.
As his vision blurred with tears and stars, and his head started to succumb to blankness, Dean managed to find the power to utter out two simple words. Two words that he had spoken like a mantra every day.
"Let's go."
"Alright, then if you're completely sure. I just need you to-"
Of course
"Alright then. Let's get this over with before I regret it."
"But you don't understand. I could've stopped him. I had the power. I should've just let it out and-"
Buried feelings come unearthed
"What's up Space Cowboy?" He asked with that familiar smirk and the way his eyes lit up and the way his eyes crinkle when he smiles and- Castiel just stared at him in shock.
Cas sadly smiled.
(See the end of the chapter for
"You haven't eaten in two days Dean." Sam snapped. "You're not okay."
"I'm sure we'll know when we see it. We'll be going through Dean's memories, so we won't be able to interact with any of the "past Deans." However, we will be able to tell that Dean's soul will be out of place and we will be able to talk with it and bring him back to his head."
Instead of feelings of anger, betrayal, and disbelief, the emotions which Jack knew he was supposed to feel at this time, he just felt pity. He pitied Dean, but not in a condescending way. He simply felt bad for Dean and everything he and Sam had been put through. They didn't deserve any of this, but it was forced upon them by God.
Castiel perked up. The Impala! Dean obviously had it and maybe Jack could track it. He broke the stifling silence.
He knew that Dean loathed his existence. That fact had been made painstakingly obvious ever since Jack's birth. Dean had deceived him, locked him away, shunned him, and ultimately had tried to kill him. While it hurt to think of the past, Jack couldn't just erase the terrible memories he had of Dean.
And that life would soon resume as soon as they got Dean back. For now, they just had to focus on the future and see where it took them.
Sam brought his legs to his chest and let his vulnerabilities spill out in oceanic waves. Jack crouched next to him and offered condolences. Even though the nephilim had never seen nor experienced any of Dean's abusive past, he still knew how much they impacted Dean's mental health as well as Sam's. Both the Winchester brothers had so much trauma built up inside of them. It just happened to be Dean that had gotten kidnapped. If the two had switched positions, Sam would definitely have been in Dean's exact position. It just happened to be Castiel who who been taken by The Empty, which sent Dean into his sullen depression.
And now Castiel is dead and Dean Winchester is dying
And Dean Winchester got worse somehow after Castiel got taken by The Empty
But now, there was a sprig of life that had gradually picked up. Eileen had returned from her Kitsune hunt (and had found another case on the way back) safely and Sam was carefully sharing the traumatic events that had happened prior, starting from Dean's rescue to their infiltration of his head. He took great care not to include the grotesque shell of Dean they had found in that basement, and he only vaguely described his brother's breakdowns. Those were minor details that he could thankfully spare from her.
"Should I get my suit on?" Jack asked.
And with those words, Boian and Gwynth turned tail and started running.
"How'd you learn to do all of this?" Sam asked, still full of wonder.
If Dean couldn't escape his own mind, they they would have to do it themselves.
"I'm feelin' peachy Sam. Just peachy. Feels like I woke up from a coma, not like that's new to us." He confidently said.
The others voiced their agreement. Then they quickly hushed themselves as they slowly entered the barn. Two human hunters, an angel, and a literal God child. This wouldn't be hard at all.
Dean is still emotionally constipated despite literally being *this* close to ascending to Heaven and still won't use his GODDAMN WORDS LIKE A BIG DUMB
Thanks to @drjackandmissjo for proofreading and betaing! Much love to you my friend. Check out their works on A03 too!
Dean and Cas listened to the familiar clomps of feet as they left the room and headed up the stairs. Castiel sighed. He couldn't bring himself to participate in their argument. His input aligned with Sam's, so that would have ticked Dean off even more. He and Dean made eye contact for a slight moment before Dean managed to bring himself to speak again.
He didn't want to live without Castiel. That fact was now made painstakingly obvious.
Man #1 continued thrusting like a dog, holding Castiel's bony hips in his hands and moving like his life depended on it. The pleasure was so overwhelming, he felt as though he would pass out. He looked down at the most perfect pair of asscheeks he had ever seen in his life, and a back so arched and so sexy that he felt as though he could fuck the man's back and still cum from it. He pulled on Castiel's hair roughly, which produced a soft cry of pain from him, but the slut kept rubbing his hips down on the dick.
His silence wasn't because he was mad at Dean. He wasn't angry at all. He just wanted to tread lightly because he had no idea what the hell Dean was thinking or why his memories were gone. But he feared that any sort of interaction or unprecented words could trigger some sort of reaction inside of Dean, which could cause him to spiral into a manic state again. He was also fearful of the reaction Dean had towards his last confession, the one of love. Did Dean remember it? Or did he block it from his mind?
"No Cas. It was that long, and it was also too damn long."
"Dean? Dean?? Dean where are you?" Castiel shouted into the darkness.
The urge to do so was oh so very tempting. How easy it would be to just start a new universe - one where everyone was happy and no monsters or hunters or anything that could cause misfortune could happen. A universe where Sam and Dean Winchester don't exist-
But before Cas could finish his sentence, Dean sat up and grabbed Castiel's face. Then his lips crashed into his and Dean fell on top of him and they toppled to the floor. The hunter's arms wrapped around the angel's shoulders as they were locked together in a passionate kiss.
Sam's eyebrows knitted together in worry.
Hot tears started streaming down his face as he made eye contact with the fake Sam in his fake world, not the real Sam in the real world.
But everything is funny
A haunting sound that he had hoped to hear one day. He, Jack, and Eileen were silently seated at the map table, poring over research about angels, demons, reapers, Death, and anything else relating to The Empty, all of them needing to get Cas and Dean back. This was pretty much their only routine they had been desperately trying to do ever since that drastic day 8 months ago. 8 months ago when Castiel was presumed dead and Dean ran away. 8 months with nothing but a few cases here and there and desperate spells, rituals, and just about anything else on the Earth trying to track down a dead angel and an AWOL hunter.
"Jack, is it really Castiel? Can you sense him?"
"I don't know Sam! I don't know what happened."
"What?"
The Impala quickly filled up with junk and alcohol bottles. Moreso the latter.
The montage abruptly ended as soon as it had started.
Castiel felt utterly enervated at everything. When he was in The Empty, he was so disheartened. All sense of hope was lost. It was The Empty, the place where there was nothing to hope for. There was only a sense of longing that emanated from every angel and demon there. Upon his arrival, he was stuck inside the endless sleep that the other supernatural beings had experienced, but he was the only one actually asleep. Jack had exploded, causing The Empty to be "loud" and thus awakening every single deceased angel and demon since the beginning of time.
"You guys ready?" Sam asked. "If you don't want to, I can go by myself-"
"I've managed to recreate his eyes and repair his eardrums. He still won't be able to talk properly because of the brain damage, but at least he will be able to feel some things." Castiel said grimly.
He was Dean Winchester. Dean Winchester wasn't supposed to have any weaknesses. He was only supposed to be the disposable weapon that everyone would use and then throw away without a second thought.
Everybody he loves abandons him
"Dean, there's more to you than just "getting your strength back" and you know it. And you can hide it as you always have, but everything will erupt and we won't be there to help. You know this just as well as I do."
Again thanks for waiting so as a reward here's really long sad chapter. Definitely not one of the better chapters I've written but hopefully the length will atone a bit for the atrocious writing. Dont kill me lmao
Jack tried to protest, but he thought against it. He stood up and staggered a little, but he caught his footing and slowly headed off towards the main room to find Sam.
"I just learned of this recently." Sam replied. "But that's all I can tell you, Dean."
"That I love you."
Sam quietly spoke up through his grief.
"Because it's me that's keeping that SOB alive you dumbass. If either me or this handsome fella dies," She gestured to Boian the witch. "Then he dies. And we all know there's no getting him back now."
"Yes, I would very much like that."
However, upon remembering that it was Castiel that was in possession and not the psycho archangel, his worries eased up and he could think about the situation logically. Maybe this would help Dean like Gadreel had (kinda) helped Sam with his head problems after the trials.
"Jack. I know you're listening and I know I'm doing something wrong. I have no idea what, and I'm sorry if I've pissed you off somehow. Look, I know I wasn't the most welcoming person in your life, and I'm so sorry about that. There aren't even words to describe how sorry I am. But Jack, this is my last plea to you. Just give me some sort of a hint or something to show me that he can be rescued. I need to tell him that he's not wrong. That I'm sorry. That I can't live without him." Dean's throat bobbed as the words stuck there, lodged, stuck. But he pushed them out. "That I love that stupid angel and I want. No I NEED him back. So please just show me anything."
Castiel awkwardly stood there. Dean kinda wanted to throttle him, but he restrained himself. He couldn't lose Cas again. Even if he had no idea as to why or how Castiel was killed, he knew that he would stop at nothing to avoid that again.
He continued to sift through Dean's trauma and memories, searching for just about anything that could give them a clue as to where Dean's soul was. He didn't want to have to go through everything one at a time, but at this rate they wouldn't be able to find anything even if they looked for a year. There was just so much built up in Dean that it seemed to swallow everything it touched. Plus he didn't want Sam to have to witness anymore of this. Just seeing what John did to Dean had already broken part of him. He couldn't let Sam see what Dean saw half the time. It would break both of them if they ever found out.
Sam's mental cogs whirred. It would be bothersome to ask Castiel to change his clothes every night and have to deal with a flurry of human-related questions from a curious angel. He chewed on his fingernail as a thought appeared in his head.
Unsurprisingly, his hunter gut got the better of him. He gently roused Eileen from her sleep and called out to the two angelic beings who were locked in a tense standstill during an intense battle of Uno.
Excuses, Dean. Excuses. He's just a liability to you. Before Cas came, everything was fine. Now that he's here, your life has gone to shit. It's no longer just you and Sam. He's there. And he screws everything up.
And I realize the first 3 chapters are VERY poorly written but I'm working on revising them I just want to get the new thoughts out of my head. Like they're so bad that they switch between present and future tense? idk what kind of drugs I was on but it was a hell of a drug I tell you what (hint: it's lack of sleep)
Then Cas put his fingers to Dean's head next to Jack's. He concentrated a small amount of his grace into his hands and his eyes lit up in angelic blue. His grace then intertwined with Jack's, causing his blue eyes to turn the same shade of sunset yellow as Jack's. The sudden upsurge of power was staggering, but Castiel pulled through as he struggled to heal the man he loved.
Castiel was Dean Winchester's light
It was here. Definitely.
Cas made a deal with The Empty. He made it and then The Empty had taken him. What was the deal? What the fuck was it? What did he do to make The Empty take him right in front of Dean's eyes and-
These attacks had affected Dean so much that he had to seal them off with the other traumatic memories. Of course he did. The attacks were the results of his fear of being abandoned. A fear that was so great that it trumped nearly all of his other fears.
He searched until he found a more prominent whisper amongst the many that plagued the space. However, this wasn't a whisper. It was a scream. A scream that echoed deep within Dean's head. It was so far back that Cas felt as if this was a particulary far back event, but one that scarred Dean so deeply that he couldn't let it die. Tense with exertion, Castiel grabbed it and transported them to a different corner of Dean's head.
Well, he was terrified of being alone. Perhaps that was the trigger.
"But Cas-" Sam started to object but Cas held up his head.
Jack stared at Dean as the broken man mumbled and blubbered out prayer after prayer after prayer. Praying to anyone, anything. Castiel. Jack. Castiel...
"So. Who's gonna spill the beans?" Dean supplicated.
Castiel was also feeling the guilt. While the situation wasn't his fault at all, just seeing Dean and how broken he was caused Castiel to feel so much remorse over everything. He could have tried harder that day. He could have stopped Billie or not made that deal with The Empty or just done something more. He should have done something else. Something else so Dean wouldn't have had to go through this.
"Did he make any deals? Is he trying to reach The Empty? Are there any angels or demons after him? Is he dead?" Castiel raged. Deep in his mind, he thought that would happen. It was Dean after all. Before he was taken, before his confession, he had told Dean to live on. To not look for him. He had hoped so desperately that Dean would listen. But as always, he didn't. And now he was gone. 8 months without any contact from Dean. For all he knew he could be dead! Dead! After his speech about living on and loving himself, Dean could have just gone off and gotten himself killed! He was like a needy child at times and Castiel hated that-
Dean stopped gripping his head and stared at himself in the mirror. Castiel loved Dean. He told him. He had told him and then he pushed Dean away and watched as he was taken by The Empty and taken to the place where he was supposed to die. And all Dean could do was watch.
"What the hell is that?" Sam asked shakily.
But his fears were trod upon as Dean's face widened into a trademark glistening smile. He clapped Sam on the back and with a bubbly tone of voice, said
As Jack sifted through all of Dean's injuries, he realized the full extent of them. If it weren't for the witch and angel magic, Dean would have died approximately 200 times over. As his grace traveled through Dean's body, he could feel all the fear, hatred, anger, sadness, and hopelessness Dean felt at that time. Castiel could feel it too. They could also feel the amount of sheer pain he went through. Those sadistic monsters spared no expense in making Dean feel everything that they felt. And then there was that curse that caused him to feel ten times more pain than what was needed. Then the nightmares. They could feel all the fear and loneliness in his nightmares. Trauma and repressed emotions came pouring out into his mind and he had to relive through everything that he hated about himself.
"Oh, hey guys. Sorry. Didn't mean to interrupt you, but-"
But this felt like longer
These feelings arose after Jack had left Sam and Dean for a short period of time. He waved goodbye and disappeared with the intention of fixing everything. Well, that's exactly what he did. He fixed Heaven, took down the walls, and made everything up there good again. He also fixed Rowena's Hell problems - something that didn't take a lot of effort. All he really had to do was think about his problems and viable solutions, and voila, it was done. Everything was okey dokey.
He left you Dean. You pushed him too far and he left. Anyone would leave if they were treated the way you treated him. You only used him to get what you want. You never thought about him. To you, an angel of the lord was just a lamp. A lamp sitting in the corner. It's never thought about until it's being used. That's all he is to you Dean. And you know it. You don't love him.
Jack glanced towards Castiel and Sam, but the angel and hunter returned the same confused looks. Jack licked his lips and tepidly leaned over towards Dean.
NSFW WARNING: This chap has some smutty moments, but they don't lead anywhere. It's just horny Dean on main
Dean is broken and dying
They were transported into a place sometime in the future with John loading the Impala with monster hunting weapons. Dean watched with mild curiosity. Castiel and Jack hurridly pulled adult Sam up and supported his weight, but he pushed them away with a simple "I'm fine." Jack and Cas looked at each other sorrowfully, but soon went back to watching young Dean and John interact.
No not really our poor baby doesn't deserve this
Intense terror filled every part of him. Terror that was unlike a terror he had ever felt before. It was hard to describe it, but he was so goddamn terrified of
Upon their arrival, they were thrust into witnessing the entire capturing of Dean. From the moment he got in the Impala and started drinking his depression away, to his arriving at the abandoned town in Oregon and nearly pulling the trigger. At that point, Sam, Jack, and Cas were getting tired of being shocked at Dean's actions. To be honest, none of them were that shocked at Dean's suicide attempt. Deep in their minds, they had known that he would try to do this. It was just a matter of when. Dean was just too depressed to continue on, and even if they tried everything in their power to stop him, he would have done something drastic like this.
After Dean's heartbreaking speech, Sam had nearly collapsed under the guilt he had felt just then. All those times he had left and shut the door behind his back, Dean had been alone in the dark. In a conscious mindset, Dean would
Or one night. With Castiel. The light in his world of darkness.
You don't know that.
Now that God was powerless, he and Sam now had free will over their lives, something that they had wanted since they were basically forced into existence. Now, they could do whatever the hell they wanted with no reigns on them. Well, as much as he hated to admit it, Dean wanted to do Cas. It took a great amount of time for him to admit that even to himself, but it was a truth he could't escape.
"Sam. Sammy. Please. Don't do this. Don't leave me alone with dad. You don't know what he does to me when you're gone. Please don't. Sam. You don't understand. Sam, Sam, Sam, Sam, Sammy... Please don't leave me alone. I need you. I'm lonely." He choked out.
Dean turned his head towards the light. It covered the box and then he was being lifted up out of his mind.
And his legs were broken beyond repair. Broken. He tried to run and they broke all the bones in his legs and toes were gone and there were just cuts and burns and claw marks everywhere and there's pieces of broken pipe and metal inside of his legs and then all over there's these places where there's needle and thread stuck in like Dean was some sort of human voodoo doll.
"Come
Castiel chuckled and pulled the plate of hamburgers towards him. He took off two small ones and put them on his plate.
Sam opened his mouth again, but Jack was gone from reality. Inside his headspace, once more he opened that impenetrable wall, this time being easier than everytime else, and he let out his godly powers again. The process was much, much less intense and went smoothly. Maybe this was because this was a trivial thing, or maybe it was because of his repeated use of the powers that this was working.
But ultimately, he failed. He was too assertive, too pushy. Castiel likes slow burns, not in-your-face passion.
And said black cloud was expanding at a massive pace.
He quickly formed mouthless words without even knowing it. Why the fuck was Castiel with two other dudes and not him?
All rhyme and reason flew out the window then. Red spot danced in Man #1 and #2's eyes. Not wanting to forget this moment, Man #1 swiftly set up his camera and PornHub Live account. Castiel watched with mild interest, not caring about anything else other than ridding his body of the heat that had built up in it. They immediately they retook the same positions, Man #2 with his dick in Castiel's mouth and Man #1 at the back. But before he penetrated, he asked, "Lube?"
They waited for what seemed like an eternity, but the room remained empty.
And even if he couldn't admit it to himself, he needed help. He needed so much help that it was excruciatingly painful inside and out of his head. He wasn't fine. He was never fine. He was in such pain and discomfort and displeasure that he felt like putting a bullet in his brain at that moment. He needed Castiel's help.
Needless to say, it was pissed.
"No, dad. I would never leave you and you know that." Dean managed to whimper out, but John continued on his tirade.
The hatred he feels for himself and sometimes Sam because both of them are just so stubborn and stupid at times.
When the scene replayed in Sam's head, a twinge of guilt crossed him. Dean had been suffering so much ever since Castiel was taken and Sam had been utterly blind to it. Sure, he was aware of Dean and Castiel's feelings for each other. For twelve years he had known and been the awkward third wheel. He just didn't think that Castiel's death would impact Dean so much that he would literally leave in a fit of rage and depression. When Jessica died, Sam was depressed himself as for all the other women he had been with. When Eileen died, Sam felt the same way.
He racked his brain as he tried to remember what had happened last. What happened before the blur that was his current memories. He looked in the mirror and focused on his face and his words.
"No reason." She replied. "Only that he helped get me kicked out of Heaven and killed many of our kind along with his brother and... Need I go on?" She mocked.
He tried to sit up from the bed and ask about his prayer towards Castiel, but he groaned again as his dead muscles were suddenly brought to life and the scratches on his legs were rubbed. Castiel rushed to help him, but Dean just set his hand up to signify he didn't need help.
have admitted to being lonely at Sam's absence.
Castiel, who was now residing in Dean's body, nodded in his usual angel-like way.
"And how do we know that we've found it?" Sam asked.
Jack, Castiel, and Sam slowly approached the terrified man, but that did very little to help. Dean curled up into a tight ball and pushed himself up in the corner as far as he could go without breaking the wall. His breathing became ragged and he started scratching at his arm. Brutally. His nails tore into the newly formed flesh and drew long strips of blood all over his arms.
He had failed both his brother and his best friend again.
Sam, Jack, and Cas were thrust back into the darkness and were left dumbfounded over what they just witnessed. No words were spoken, but none need be. Sam was especially shaken up. He had never seen any of this before. This side of Dean was a dark shroud of mystery. Sam didn't know how to process anything that had just happened. His big brother had obviously sacrificed so much for him all while taking the brunt of dad's abuse. There was no other word for it.
"Look, I will find Sam. I always have. So please just don't hit me again."
Dean gave him a little half grin.
So he sealed them away. Everything. He didn't want to be God - he just wanted to be Jack. Jack Kline, a kid who's barely 3 years old but already is the most powerful being in existence. He didn't ask for any of this, it was just thrust upon him in a cruel flip of fate's coin.
Everybody despises him
Sam and Jack arrived sometime soon after. Upon seeing Dean, they both started shouting and asking what the hell happened this time with him. Castiel merely stated that Dean had locked his memories away but when he went to the bathroom he had somehow unearthed them. Groans of exasperation and sheer panic were given.
The old and creaky bed rattled and shuddered under the weight of the three grown men. An overhead light bounced up and down as the room jostled. A small and wet-looking picture frame fell to the carpeted ground, landing silently. Grunts of exertion and pleasure echoed throughout the sparse room. A crappy little camera lay nestled in the corner, supported by a thin tripod and hooked up to a dingy laptop, which was livestreaming to PornHub Gay.
He's Dean Winchester
Sam had never witnessed this firsthand before. He only had vague descriptions of the scene from Dean when he was brave enough to ask and only the most faintest of memories from that night. But witnessing it brought forth such emotion that he started choking on them. He struggled to find air and thoughts to process as he thought of how his mother had died and how their lives had been destroyed since that fateful night years upon years ago.
Damn Destiel not going *fully* canon was actually the worst thing they could have done? Destiel is such a tragic yet wholesome relationship?? Why wouldn't you want to explore on that??? Tf? ??? ?
Dean was startled awake and it returned.
Cas picked Dean up, who was still a limp ragdoll. In a gruff voice filled with sorrow he explained the situation to Sam and Jack.
"Yes, Sam." Castiel said. He glanced around the Bunker. "It's good to be home."
Dean was now saying them again. His stupid little phrases. In any other situation Sam would have been elated, but not this time. This wasn't Dean talking. It was just the shell of his body. They weren't the same.
Dean's lips broke apart from his and words came out, oozing of sweet, sweet seductiveness.
Jack and Castiel turned to each other in shock and Sam's face scrunched in confusion and he struggled to find words to say.
And he couldn't hear anything
He felt the fangs as they invaded every part of his body and sucked all the blood out of it as they could
It felt like forever
Then he felt  it. It was so faint that it would be unnoticable by anyone else but himself. His eyes snapped open and he nudged Castiel.
Sam grew panicked as he remembered the massive punch Cas received. He shook Cas again with more and more vigor as he realized the reality of the situation. Now fully panicked, he scooped up the angel in his arms and started towards the Impala. He looked behind him to see Eileen with the two children. She told them to run away to the police and not to mention the hunters at all. The poor traumatized kids had no choice but to oblige and Sam watched as they scurried away.
"But shouldn't we stay here with Dean? What if he collapses again?" Jack asked anxiously. Sam shook his head.
But present Sam could see how much Dean was suffering. He had failed to see it on that night, but now that he had matured and seen how much Dean had to undergo, he could definitely see how wrong he was and how much Dean wanted him to stay. He just couldn't properly express his emotions, so instead of bringing Sam back, he ended up pushing him away.
"Why... Why did we have to go through that? Why did dad hurt him so much? And why didn't Dean ever tell me why any of that ever happened? Huh? Why?" He sniffled "Why is he so fucking stupid?"
But Dean couldn't feel nor hear anything. All he did was continue to cry. And he did so for the remainder of the night.
Castiel paused.
He abruptly pulled the covers off his legs and was stunned to see his full body.
The shadow stood still.
"Oh Baby, I'm so sorry." Sam cried. The Impala. Baby. Dean's car. It was ruined by monsters so that meant that Dean was somewhere but he wasn't there. Sam frantically looked towards Jack and Cas, confusion, shock, and pain written all over his face.
But he never up and left Dean alone. He stayed and fought through everything. And eventually Eileen came back. Dean should have known that. He should have stayed and talked to Sam or done something to grieve properly other than leaving with liquor bottles lining every spare space in the Impala.
Tears started streaking down Castiel's face and he rushed over to Dean, who was still on the floor sobbing. He uttered hushed words of love and enveloped Dean in his body and wings. He couldn't change the past. He knew this. But this was all he could do at the moment. He wished with all his heart that Dean's soul could hear his words and prayers. Hear his thoughts. Hear that he loved the hunter and no matter what he did he would always be loved and cherished by all his family and friends.
They stared and waited anxiously at Dean's unmoving body. They had been thrust out so abruptly that they had no idea if they had succeeded in bringing Dean's soul back up. Castiel cursed as he gained his bearings and remembered what had happened. He should have stayed, he should have comforted Dean, he should have-
Dean knew that something was happening. Something massive. Something that could help him escape the confines of his head. In his own mind he was still falling, but that light he had seen had reappeared. Sometimes it was yellow, sometimes it was blue, but most of the time it was both yellow and blue. It felt warm and inviting, but it was growing at a slow pace. Despite this it wouldn't be long until it reached him.
Upon hearing Castiel's familiar gruff voice in his ear, Dean shivered a little. He loved that voice so much that everytime he heard it he felt as if a wave of calm washed over him. Honestly, he could listen to Cas talk for hours.
He shrugged and continued to sip on the hot soup.
The pain came back. The burning pain that was all over his body. Then the pain became more prominent in his left lung and he felt the familiar sensation of sharp and deadly claws piercing through the flesh.
The feelings of helpnessless and hatred came flooding back despite the fact that the light was now fully covering him.
"Because Dean. Because we saw everything! We've seen how much you're hurting inside and how much you are like dad. We know. And we want to help you! But you won't let us!"
He just didn't realize how strange his life would become while his best friend walked around in his brother's body.
Which also began the ride to their untimely failure.
"If we actually pull this off, this will have been one of the fastest hunts we've ever done. I guess having a couple extra set of hands has its perks."
The urge was so, so tempting. Right now, he could have everything he ever wanted and just be with Dean for one night. One night of nothing but the two of them and their love fusing them together. One night and they could be lovers like he'd always wanted.
"Its face was one of annoyance and desperation. It asked why I was awake again after it had JUST finished putting the rest of the angels and demons to sleep after Jack woke everyone up. To which I said I need to go back and find everyone. Then it tried to put me back to sleep, but I resisted." Cas paused for a moment and pricked his thoughts, trying his hardest to remember what had happened in that miserable plane of existence.
Sam glanced over at Castiel again and debated with himself. He really didn't want to take Cas along, but he also didn't want to hurt his feelings. He knew how much Cas needed to know he was needed. Of course he knew. But he still didn't want to put the angel's and his brother's lives at stake.
But the shadow of his father only stared in disappointment, silent. Somehow this was even worse than being physically beaten.
These words were made in vain though as Dean started to scream again, probably rupturing his windpipes with the volume he was at. He then continued to lacerate his own skin, this time moving to his legs as well as his arms.
Castiel and Jack were relatively ready though, and they restrained Dean as he started to flail in the bed. Jack pressed his palm to his forehead, but Dean continued to scream murder. He pressed harder, and a faint yellow light entered Dean's head and he calmed down a little. Jack slowly removed his hand and Dean started screaming again.
"And? You wanna talk about it?"
The hunter that he risked life and limb for.
Castiel had never seen or dealt with a panic attack before, but from what he had heard, they were absolutely terrifying. An individial was left with an overwhelming sense of terror so intense that they couldn't breathe. A number of other symptoms could also present themselves. But to think that Dean was vulnerable to them... Never before had Castiel even suspected that Dean would be suffering from a disorder as fervent as this. He glanced towards Jack, who also held a face of disbelief. To all of them, this new snippet of information about Dean was earth shattering.
"At the beginning."
They had broken apart long enough to quickly exit the bar and rent a room at the nearest hotel. Flushed faces met the confused hotel staff, but the pleading looks made the poor staff relent and give the three of them a room far away from the other guests. And with good reason.
"Cas. Jack. Back me up here. He can't continue like this."
Upon seeing this sudden change, Castiel let his arms go.
This was his family. The family that he had fought so hard to keep. The family that he had overturned the universe for.
What could they do now?
But he was falling. He couldn't reach it. It grew fainter and fainter until he couldn't even see it. He kept screaming for it, for that warm light that he could see. But then it was gone. And he was still falling.
Dean's there in the darkness of his own mind. But now, for the first time in a very long time, he can form coherent thoughts. Well, not that coherent, but at least he's not plagued by the nightmares every time he sees his own mind. He still doesn't know if he's conscious or not - which is a massive problem. He thinks that he's unconscious, but he still can't tell because everything is still so, so dark.
Domestic Bunker life except Dean isn't there except he is it's just his body but he's not there there like it's not him it's actually Castiel in his body instead. What?
The radio in Baby had also been fixed by Jack, and Sam took great pleasure in rummaging through Dean's old cassettes to play. They jammed out to all of his favorite bands in his name. He made a mental note to put an aux cord in so he could hook up some Spotify so he could introduce Jack and Cas to modern rock and some pop music. And while Eileen couldn't share the experience to its fullest extent, she still joyfully followed along with a grin on her face.
As soon as the feet of Sam, Castiel, and Jack hit the ground, the Bunker was alive and buzzing with the 3 hunters desperately trying to keep Dean alive. Jack's hands were still pressed against Dean's temples, yellow energy pulsating out of them and into the broken man's soul, desperately trying to keep it flickering all while Castiel was carrying Dean to the Bunker's medroom, sprinting. A healthy Dean usually weighed about 200 pounds, but this Dean barely tipped the scales at 120 or less. He was malnourished and so much blood had left his body that it certainly was by forces of magic that he was alive. Now with that magic gone, it was strictly Jack that was keeping Dean's life hanging on by a mere thread. The sigil that had been carved onto Dean's tongue had mysteriously vanished as soon as Boian had died. They literally had Dean's life in their hands. And it was fading at a rapid pace.
"And why would I do that?" He demanded.
Because Dean Winchester doesn't deserve happiness
He felt the slick feeling of sticks and metal as they slid into his body, pushing through internal organs and muscles
No. Now was not the time to be mourning. They had Dean back and he was ok. They had rescued him and he was healing. He wasn't there presently, but he would be soon.
"Jack and I'll get right on it."
"Alright, listen closely, this is some quality Dean Winchester life advice, so you can take it with a pinch of salt. However, when you're old and grumpy like me, then you'll know when you need a beer. Right now, I feel like I just got hit by a freight truck and then run through a meat grinder all while being forced to listen to Justin Bieber. I think I need a goddamn beer."
"No, those clothes are fine. It's just that..." His words trailed off as he thought.
They did and immediately ducked as a dark shadow swooped over the heads with a loud shriek. It joined with the million other shadows flying around, like phantoms in the night sky. They were circling around a giant black cloud that was billowing like the black smoke of a demon. Its sheer mass and volume was enough to nearly cover the three hunters as they stared in terror.
He assembled his plate and stared down at it. The small hamburger sitting on it stared back. He slowly gulped and brought up a hamburger to his mouth. He hated the taste of the molecules, but he had to do this. He had done far, far worse for Dean's sake, so he could down a little bit of food to keep the hunter's body healthy. He swallowed again. He could ignore the taste and get it down. He made this commitment and he was going to keep it.
Dean leaned back, satisfied, leaving a baffled Jack to stare at him. Jack opened his mouth in an attempt to say something to Dean about his deteriorating health and the effects of alcohol on the liver, but he thought better of it and nodded.
"A tiny bit of angel grace and some witch magic." She replied. "And without either of them, well then he dies."
Well, Castiel had just proven his point. Dean was childish. Because of this, he lashed out and drove away. It was obvious that he did this because Cas had sacrificed himself and Dean didn't want to continue without him. Yeah, it was an obvious fact but it was so fucking stupid. Cas's whole speech was about living, and Dean just had to go and throw that away! What a fucking idiot.
"My name is Castiel, and you're Sam Winchester. You're in love with Eileen Leahy and Jack is my surrogate son." There was a slight pause before he continued, "Dean loves old western films and one time he made me watch "Tombstone" with him. It was an enjoyable movie, just historically inaccurate."
Under their hands, Castiel and Jack felt everything starting to go shift itself back into place. Dean's ribs and other bones started to slowly knit together as the cracks and fissures disappeared when the angel grace connected with them. Broken bones that would typically be impossible to fix mended together and set into place. The broken and missing flesh gradually reappeared again and started to merge over the gaping wounds that the monsters had left. The power continued to surge through the devastated body, searching for all the imperfections and correcting them. But it was so, so slow.
"Sam, you've been a giant jackass since you teamed up with Ruby."
It was almost laughable. Castiel, a celestial being that had existed before Creation itself, had found itself obsessed with a simple human soul. They were such common things. Hundreds of billions inhabited Heaven and Hell, along with the billions on Earth, not even accounting for those stuck in the Veil. All those souls didn't even deserve a glance from Castiel. He had lived his entire state of being not even acknowledging those below him. To him, they were nothing but toys that his father had created, things that didn't even deserve recognition.
Sam shrugged his shoulders and rapped his long fingers on the table. Ohio was quite a ways away, but it wouldn't hurt to check it out. Besides, not gonna lie, it was getting kinda stuffy. Sure, it was time for a well-needed break, and it was very fun and relaxing, but Sam needed to get out and do something. He felt antsy at times with nothing to do, and with the everlasting burden of Dean on his mind, well. He just needed a quiet distraction from their present situation. This was their only lead for a case in a while, so it wouldn't hurt to check out.
The three of them watched as Dean tried to explain why and how Sam had left, and how John had ignored all of his son's words and grew more angry by the second. Sam flinched at each word John said.
"Yeah, well it comes with the full package."
A-And?
"What do you mean? I just thought that we could have a little celebration now that all of us are together again. Well, not really, Dean's still resting, but we're all here in spirit. Besides, I need to be eating a lot to restore Dean's physique to what it once was."
Sam's exasperation grew along with his fear. Would Dean actually be stuck like this forever? When Sam was released from the Cage and Castiel let the wall down that was in his mind, Sam certainly knew what it felt like to be batshit insane from the horrific thoughts. He knew better than anyone. But he never realized how frustrating it was to be on the other side. The one who could see all of this happening to a person he loved, but yet not being able to do anything. He now understood why Dean had let Gadreel in. At the time, it seemed like he didn't have a choice.
Sam rushed forward and tried to grab his choking brother, but his hands passed through. He groaned and pulled at his hair in a death grip. How the fuck was Dean having a panic attack? He had never had one before so what the fuck had happened now? Were his abandonment issues so severe that he had developed an anxiety and panic disorder? What the actual fuck? Why did Dean have to hide everything about himself?
After what seemed like an eternity, Sam finished putting the suctions on his head and looked towards Castiel and Jack. They had the same deadpan look on their faces, but at least there was a spark of hope present now.
I have a lot of homework and it's 1 am but I'm really invested in this so yeah I'm really sorry if it's poorly written
No. That's not him talking. That's the stupid power he inherited. The stupid power that is wanting him to destroy everything the Winchesters had tried so hard to preserve.
The three of them were greeted with familiar darkness. Sam and Castiel already knew Dean's mind and the darkness that infested it when Michael took control. But for some strange reason, it seemed almost darker if that was at all possible. Jack gazed around, but something caught his eye.
about reciprocating Castiel's feelings!" Boian threw his head back and laughed a cruel, cruel laugh.
He kindly but expectantly raised an eyebrow. All attention in the room shifted to Castiel. He stared down at his feet, his cheeks heating up as a slight bit of embarrassment hit him.
And with this Jack relayed everything that had happened since Castiel was taken. From the entire Earth being poofed out of existence, to Lucifer and Michael and Michael's ultimate betrayal, and finally how he absorbed God's power. Then he described the feeling of destruction in his own mind and how he needed to seal away all of his powers before he acted on them.
So much pain. So much. Words couldn't even begin to describe the amounts of suffering that Dean was going through. Painful didn't even begin to describe it. There were just no words.
Now, he was just a doll.
He just wished it didn't hurt so goddamn much.
Man #1 began rubbing his own dick while eating out the gorgeous ass and was satisfied with how Castiel's asshole was twitching and clencing sporadically, ready to be penetrated. He gave it one last sucky kiss before releasing with a quiet
He softly moaned with delight and took another huge bite of corn. He hurridly wiped his hands on a napkin as he chewed and swallowed then picked up a heaping spoonful of mashed potatoes and crammed them into his mouth. The same sensation of joy spread throughout his body. He chewed happily on the mixture of potato, mustard, vinegar, celery, and olives. A strange myriad of foods that created a perfect harmony when mixed with each other that tasted absolutely divine.
This would be the last time Dean saw his father for a very long time.
He was so busy enjoying his new tastebuds and adoration for Dean that he didn't even notice the three fuddled hunters staring at him. When he did, he paused mid-chew from a massive bite from another hamburger, hands locked in the motion. Sam smiled and started laughing.
They watched as Dean searched for Sam. They watched when he returned and sat on the bed. They watched everything that was happening, but nothing was amiss. All seemed normal and Sam began to wonder why this memory was of such importance when it started.
And He's being punished
Dean squinted at the concerned nephilim for a few moments. Then he sighed and shook his head.
Dean's soul.
When Castiel tried to talk to the newly resurrected hunter after his awakening, he was deeply saddened when he realized that Dean couldn't hear him or witness his true form. But this was to be expected. Although, it was still disappointing. He wanted Dean to witness the being that rescued him. He wanted Dean to notice him and see the truth of what had happened. He wanted Dean to notice his love for his soul and to return those feelings back.
Because you cared, I cared. I cared about you. I cared about Sam. I cared about Jack. I cared about the whole world because of you. You changed me, Dean.
"We don't." Jack firmly stated.
"8 months Cas. A long 8 months."
"I don't know. He just left." He rasped.
Jack's happy tone deflated into a dead one. Of course he would need God's power. If only it were that easy.
"And how would you know that?"
Castiel and he had used it when Michael infiltrated Dean's head, and ultimately it had worked. They could do the same again, and Sam knew it would work. He just knew it. They would get Dean back.
After a few minutes of comfortable silence and the sounds of clinking silverware, Jack spoke up.
Castiel was so lost in his thoughts that he failed to notice Dean's eyes fluttering open. He also failed to notice when Dean slowly rose from the bed and crept up behind the angel. When he finally noticed Dean, it was too late. Dean appeared in front of him with a stupid grin on his face.
Dean still loves his daddy
Jack imagined as hard as he could. In his mind, he lifted the wall just ever so slightly and let a little bit of power creep into his veins. He felt the tug, but it was only miniscule pull compared to the harsh one before. It was one that he could control.
Sam abruptly turned around and stuttered a little bit before getting his thoughts together.
"Ok you know what Dean? I've had it up to here with your bullshit. I'm leaving. I'm done. I'm so fucking done."
Dean Winchester doesn't deserve happiness it's so obvious
Castiel solemnly shook his head. He had no idea that his death by Lucifer had impacted Dean this much. He also didn't know that Mary had gotten killed, or at least thought to be killed, after his own death. Dean did such a good job of hiding it that the angel never suspected a thing. He had just looked so happy... So happy when he gave Cas that ridiculous cowboy hat and so happy when they visited the Stampede Motel where Dean could satisfy his cowboy fetish... He had hidden his misery so well that no one noticed how miserable he had been only a few days before. Only Sam had noticed the change, but he was satisfied to see Dean in high spirits.
But now with the Bunker door being beat upon, all of their heads snapped up. Eileen glanced worridly at Sam, and Sam back at her before his gaze shifted towards Jack. Sam's face set into a grimace and he pulled out his gun while cautiously going up the stairs. Jack and Eileen took cautious stances, standing for any kind of danger that would be presented behind that door.
But as soon as he said those words, his green eyes shifted to Castiel's still form, trenchcoat, tie, and all. He tried to open his mouth and form words, but only stutters of shock escaped. Cas?
That's what the memories did. They flooded his brain and overwhelmed and destroyed everything he had carefully built up in the short time period since he was awake.
Was gone.
"Great job Jack. Let's go." Castiel said, a note of proudness in his voice.
The two of them arrived at the bathroom. At that point, Dean gently pushed himself off of Cas and leaned on the door.
Ever since that disaster of a love confession, and the turmoil that had followed, Dean's mindset was not in the right place. First of all, even after so much that he, Cas, and Sam had gone through, the end for Cas was just to be taken by some black slimy goo and just be a little bitch for The Empty. That was just plain wrong. Dean had realized this upon much self reflection. These past weeks had been ample time for him to process his feelings, and realize just how much Cas meant to he and Sam. Cas had been with them for years. In a way, Cas had watched Sam and Dean grow into the people they were today. Cas was with them through so much, and asked for so little in return. Sure, the little fucker had made a ton of mistakes that had dearly cost everyone, and he had been a dumbass for the majority of his life on earth, but that was Cas's charm. It was him. Everyone makes mistakes, even angels of The Lord. And even if he made more mistakes than others, those mistakes were made in the best interest of everyone. Cas never had any ill intentions when he made these decisions. Dean had just been too headstrong to see what was happening behind the layers. He now realized that he had hurt Cas so many times over the years, and never once had he uttered a word of apology. Even after The Rupture, Dean still hadn't made up to Cas, all that happened was some marriage counseling bullshit and then they were fine again.
"I woke up without remembering anything. Sam, Jack, and Cas were there. I asked why Cas was alive, but he's been giving me the silent treatment. Before I woke up, I remember... I definitely remember Castiel dying but why? Why did he die?"
Eileen smiled from the table, and Sam met her gaze, his mouth set in a wide grin also.
3 days passed. 3 long days of nothing but waiting and repeated healing. Sometimes Jack and Castiel took turns, but mostly they stayed together. Glued to Dean's sides, trying their damndest to heal the hunter back somewhat to his original state.
"If you're really Castiel, then prove it. What is something that only he would know?"
"I know bud. I'm just giving you shit."
But they were greeted with silence.
At the thought of Dean, Castiel's heart felt a twang. By now, Castiel had gotten familier to this once unfamiliar feeling. It was love. He loved Dean Winchester. He didn't know when the feelings had manifested themselves, but he did know that they were there ever since he had raised Dean out of perdition. Even if he didn't know this was love at the time, it was there. The feelings for Dean were always there, but he just couldn't figure out what they were. It wasn't until Dean kissed Anna that Castiel realized this fact. When he watched their heads collide, Castiel's heart dropped and he felt a sadness like none other. It was at that moment that he realized his own feelings.
(See the end of the chapter for
Soulless.
"And yes, the monsters and demons came. Oh boy they came! They came so many it was like Jesus returned or something. Vampires, werewolves, djinns, banshees, somehow ghosts showed up, and demons. So many demons. And so many other monsters. They all took their turns with him! Doing whatever they wanted. Oh you should've seen the wolves. They so desperately wanted to rip his heart out. But they were satisfied with just watching him suffer and cry as they tore their claws into him. Vampires sucked him dry but he never died! It was such a beautiful sight. He screamed and shrieked and begged for death but we never delivered! And he prayed for you Castiel, oh how he prayed for you and prayed and prayed and prayed but no answer came. What a satisfying feeling that was!"
"Please, I've been a bad little whore. Fuck me. Punish me however you see fit."
So this is what humanity lived for. Huh. Well, to be honest, he could get used to this. It was infinitely better than his time with April. He felt safe and secure, sandwiched between two guys who wanted him for him.
When Dean managed to find a slight chance to escape, he was very easily captured again and had his legs mangled beyond repair that they would be impossible to heal without divine intervention.
Dean turned his head and there it was. The darkness was still there. The light had it cornered, but the black was now condensed into a single corner of his mind and he could tell that it was waiting for the light to leave so that it could explode, leaving Dean suffocating in it again.
He then leaned his face into the love of his life's and let their touch starved lips meet each other in the middle.
With one last insult, Sam flipped the door open and slammed it shut, leaving a crestfallen Dean behind.
It's ironic isn't it? Dean Winchester is such a fuck-up that he can't even go a day without drowning himself in alcohol
"You teamed up with a demon Sam, a demon. In what kind of world would that go right? And on top of that you fucked her. You fucked a demon and then you probably drank her blood like some sort of kinky vampire or sumthin'."
"We came to a consensus. I would possess his body and help him recover externally while he would rest and focus on healing internally."
Before Sam could finish his statement, Castiel stood up and cleared his scratchy throat again.
"So how are you able to eat food now Castiel?" He asked through a mouthful of lettuce and freshly cut tomato.
He demanded.
He abruptly let go and he and Man #1 stared expectantly at the smaller man, who was as red as a beet and as beautiful as a diamond.
Sorry for longer chapter that's mostly filler! But I think it fit in well to the overall theme of Dean being a chaotic depressed bean so I'm keeping it in. Much love my fellow destihellers who can't escape this goddamn show <3333
All of this misery and pain was thrown together in a giant pot and then just dumped on top of him.
The only sound in the dark emptiness was the sound of his own screaming.
Before opening the door, he took another once-over of Castiel/Dean in his new outfit. The suit was very loose-fitting, but it was the smallest size they could get. However, this flaw wasn't that noticeable as an oversized trenchcoat enveloped Dean's small figure. It was definitely strange, seeing Dean in a Castiel-esque trenchcoat, but he could get used to it. And besides, Castiel looked more comfortable in his usual clothes. If that gave him peace of mind, then Sam was thrilled.
"I told you Dean, I can't get into the details. Just please focus on getting better because you'll need to be." And with that, Sam shut the door and left a stunned and baffled Dean to stand there confused. He turned his head and started to yell out to Sam to ask what the hell he meant, but he stopped himself. It was obvious that Sam wouldn't tell him anything else because Sam wasn't the type of person to withhold details from something. He was always the one to give excess information and pour in his two cents regarding an opinion. Whatever Sam was scheming, he really didn't want to give details out. Dejected at this thought, Dean shut the door and retreated to his bed, back to pondering. During this time, he made a mental promise to eat something soon and to focus on bettering himself so that whatever Sam was talking about wouldn't catch him at a bad time.
And the nightmares
It was silently hovering over the beaten figure of past Dean. Just a small blue speck that would have been missed by any other lower angel.
In a last ditch effort in his crying state, Dean looked up to the sky with tear streaked cheeks.
And feel he did
"What did you say?"
"It's Dean's mental turmoil. It has somehow materialized a form resembling a monster." Castiel responded.
"He's here. He's definitely here. But his soul is so faint that it's almost impossible to detect." He breathed out. Castiel and Sam's faces grimaced in concern and they split up to try to find Dean Winchester. Castiel tried his damndest to detect the beautiful soul he knew so well, but he was virtually useless because he couldn't find anything. You'd think that their Profound Bond would pull them together, but Dean's soul was so faint and almost nonexistent that even Castiel couldn't detect it. It took Jack's God power to find it. That was bad.
"No, it's not that I want to put Dean's health in jeopardy... It's just that I don't like feeling that I don't equate to the rest of you. I hate feeling useless and not being able to help whenever a problem arises."
"Dean, I-I tried to heal you, I really did, but for some reason my grace couldn't-"
Surprisingly, the taste of molecules was still there, but they were considerably less noticable. In fact, if he ignored them, he could mask the taste and cover it up with the blissful taste of hamburger. And it was delicious. It tasted better than anything he had ever eaten before, perhaps even PB & J.
of cutlery echoed in the kitchen. Sam finally spoke up, breaking the air with his words.
Both pairs shined the same brilliant blue as an angel's.
So he must be in Hell
Faint. Almost unnoticable. But it was there. A faint, yellow light. A light that looks like Jack.
Castiel tried to object, but Dean was already hobbling towards the bathroom. Cas grit his teeth and took Dean's arm over his shoulders and fully supported the grown man. Somehow, Dean seemed even lighter than earlier. His weight was merely a feather's mass upon his shoulder. Panic grew inside of Castiel. He desperately hoped that Sam and Jack would return soon so that this awkward tension between the two of them would disappear with an unbiased party.
He continued to stare at the warm light that continued to come his way. He could reach out his fingers and almost touch it. Just a little bit more... A little more... More, more, more...
Why couldn't he have just said the words?
He searched for Dean's soul, but it wasn't there. Upon this realization, Jack started panicking. If the soul had gone up to Heaven, then he would've felt it. But it hadn't. So where was his soul now?
Castiel nodded and gently took Jack's hands into Dean's calloused ones. The feeling was oh, so strange. The once strong and handsome fingers were now taunt and thin. They had no strength to them, as if a gust of wind could easily break the bones inside. He would have to be extremely careful to not put any sort of physical exertion on Dean's broken body.
The firefighters and police officers arrived soon after. John and Dean sat on the hood of a police car, John cradling Sam in his trembling arms and child Dean leaning so far into John that it seemed he melded with his bedrobe. Sam opened his mouth to attempt to say something, anything to cope with what he was witnessing, but then he collapsed on the cold ground. It was too much to take in. Watching his mother die. Watching his father break down and watching his brother's life be torn to shreds by a cruel demon that they couldn't even kill at the time.
A slight bit of anger wormed its way into Sam's head. If Dean wasn't such a dumb hardass, then Sam might have been able to help him shoulder some of those responsibilities. He didn't have to protect Sam and everyone else all the time. Sure, when Sam was a child, Dean had to give up a ton of his own time to tend to Sam. He understood that. But he wasn't a child anymore. He could take care of himself and help Dean with his own problems.
In a nutshell, he and Cas needed each other. Cas had professed his love to Dean, and Dean, oblivious to even the smallest forms of affection, had wasted his chance. When Cas was being taken by The Empty, all he could do was watch and utter out a few words to his angel. And then after he was taken, all he could do was sit down and cry because of his stupidity and failure to recognize the situation. He should have acted. He should have done something except stand there like a dumbass. But what could he do? His best friend was being taken to be killed, all while confessing. Dean's mind had been a massive jumble of how to save Cas, how to react to this, what was happening to Sam and Jack, how could they get Billie to die, and Cas's deal that he made with The Empty? There was just so much to process at that moment that Dean couldn't do anything but just merely attempt to process anything.
Now, as the three of them continued to laugh and enjoy their lunch, that feeling slowly faded. Sure, it was still there, and it hurt, but Castiel knew that soon enough Dean would be with them. He would join them and crack his unintelligent jokes and make fun of Sam and do all the things that made him Dean. Dean Winchester, the beautiful hunter that caused even angels to fall in love with him.
Castiel is dead.
"Yes sir."
Cas cracked a smile but returned to his same grim face.
life and this is the thanks I get? An ungrateful bitch who wants to run away and a disappointment who can't do anything right even after twenty years?"
"Dean. I need you to listen to me. Right now, you're having a panic attack. I know you don't want me to witness this, but please just listen. Breathe in rhythm with me."
Past Sam had his bags over his shoulders and was yelling at Dean from the door. Dean was trying his hardest to get Sam to stay, but also using his Dean "charm" and pissing Sam off more in the process. Obviously Sam wasn't having any of it and he continued to argue back. They continued to scream and hurl depreciating words at each other until they were basically hoarse. Selfish. Asshole. Unappreciative. Useless. Disappointing. Deserter. All the hurtful things they had both thought sometime in their lives were brought to the surface and thrown at each other's faces. A short pause followed the argument coupled with harsh breathing. Sam remembered the tears that had threatened to spill out of his eyes at that moment.
Before he could pull the trigger, the monsters emerged from the shadows, led by Boian and Gwynth.
Anyways a Very Merry Belated Christmas and New Year's y'all! Hope you had a good time watching Destiel become canon for the 5th time <3 (not really)
But what could he do now? Dean had just kissed him. Cas had hoped that this moment would happen ever since he rescued Dean's broken soul from Hell. While he was somewhat elated it had finally happened, it wasn't something he could derive joy from. Dean wasn't himself. It wasn't a kiss that he meant. It was just a kiss with no feeling behind it. If this was the case, what was its purpose?
"Well then stop being worried because there is nothing to worry about. Nothing! Nada! Zilch!"
The hunter that he loved to the ends of the universe.
"Let's go."
Sam, Jack, and Castiel all turned around to look at him, all of them bewildered at Dean's random request. Why did he want them gone? Had they done something to piss him off?
All through this, Castiel's face remained stoic and tired. But he still listened. When Jack finished, Castiel's lips set in a grimace. He sighed but patted Jack's shoulder.
that you know what I feel about you? Huh? Well then if you're so goddamn smart and responsible then how the fuck did your brother leave?"
While loading his gun, Sam let out a small laugh.
ask you. I'm so glad you're here. Of course I'm glad. I'm so happy that you and Dean are alive and that we're all together again, er, kinda. But I can't help it that I still have questions. Questions that only you can answer."
Sam and the others pulled Jack into a giant hug.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam, Jack, and Castiel all made nervous eye contact with each other. Did Dean not remember anything at all? It was certainly possible that he forced himself to undergo an amnesiac state of mind to cope with the trauma, kinda like Sam had done earlier. But yet it seemed that Dean had remembered everything, so what had happened in that split second decision he had made to kick all of them out? Did he even remember that? Did he even remember being kidnapped or anything that had happened in the past 8 months?
Or when dad uses the beer bottle to cut him
On the way there, he failed to notice the pained look on the angel's face as he held onto his head. Castiel said nothing, and they continued talking about the case with almost no worries.
Dean opened his mouth to say something, anything to console his father and tell him that he appreciated all that he had done for the two of them. Tell him that despite everything that's ever happened, he'll stay by his side and somehow get Sam back to them. That he will try harder and-
Dean continued to sip on the chicken broth Sam had bought. It definitely wasn't a burger, but he knew better than to stuff greasy food into a malnourished body. Besides, the stock was well seasoned with salt so it didn't taste too bad. And coupled with the saltine crackers? This could've been a gourmet meal it was that good.
Overcome with grief and despair, Dean couldn't handle it. It took every bit of willpower just to stand up and get in the Impala. He couldn't go on. He was so lost and depressed. Castiel was gone. Forever. Dead. No longer with him or Sam or... Anyone.
"Dean? Are you here?"
Dean sniffled and cradled his head into Castiel's rough hands. He formed a pained smile on his face and Castiel returned it. After a while, he sighed deeply and sat up. Tears still streaked his cheeks and he hated looking so vulnerable, but he swallowed his pride. It was ok if it was Cas. Everything was ok with Cas.
"Jack. You can stop. Please don't push yourself too hard."
Me? Writing this and watching the 36 minute Destiel video at the same time while chewing my nails off? More likely than you think.
Where is the peace when you are done
He begrudgingly ripped himself away from Dean's trembling figure and abruptly teleported himself back to Sam and Jack. They started to open their mouths to ask where he had gone, but he just raised his hand.
Sam looked towards Eileen for acknowledgement and she smiled sweetly at him. His heart immediately melted into a steaming puddle of love and adoration. He kissed her cheek tenderly in response.
"So now you're just
They took Dean's pistol out of his waistline and shot him repeatedly in the head and appendages, cackling in elation.
Jack's anger boiled over. As he was keeping Dean's soul alive, he was also listening to Boian's speech and his anger just... Exploded.
And when it seemed like it couldn't get any worse, it did. John raised his hands and brought them down.
He tried. By God he tried. He slowly opened the wall and let the power in. The pull was there, but he ignored it. He had to. Dean was relying on him as well as everyone else. If only he could just get a faint trace of Dean's soul then-
Sam vividly remembered this time. It was an extremely rough time for him, as he had to watch his own mother burn infront of him. However, he never even considered how Dean coped. That would be twice now that he'd watched his own mother burn right before his eyes and not being able to do a single thing. This time, instead of focusing on Lucifer and Mary, Sam focused on his brother. Through new eyes, he could see just how distraught Dean was, even if he wasn't showing it. After their mother was taken to the alternate world, leaving Dean, Sam, and the newly born Jack alone, Dean was the one who had stared at Castiel. He stared at the angel's body. He never shed a tear, but Sam could tell. And so could Castiel and Jack. As he stared at the charred wings of his best friend, Dean's heart completely broke in half.
A witch arrived and placed a curse on him, causing him to feel pain more profusely, by at least tenfold. The screams became even more louder and painful. They only laughed harder and cut deeper.
"That long? It didn't feel like that at all to be honest."
And Jack may be the new God, but he's not
Jack searched again. He dug deep into the forces of Dean's mind and desperately searched. If Dean's soul was gone, then there would be no getting it back because it was merely a glimmer. If it went missing, then it would disappear before you had a chance to even search for it. Sure, Dean could survive soulless, but when he would ultimately die of natural causes or of something else, then he would go nowhere. He would not find eternal peace in Heaven where he belonged, and Sam would live in eternity without his brother. No, that could not happen. He had to find Dean's soul somewhere.
Castiel looked around at everyone, feeling very satisfied at his success. Jack was already on his second hamburger and had rolls of yellow mustard dripping off of it. Sam and Eileen ate with a bit more finesse, but they were still doing so ravenously. Cas smiled a little and went back to stacking his plate.
Man #1 needed no more persuasion. With no holding back, he fully inserted his 7" dick in Castiel's unprepared ass, fully popping his anal cherry.
He didn't want to be insane. He didn't want to be eaten by dark and depressive thoughts all the time. He didn't want the phantom pains of everything to remain. He just wanted to be damn happy for at least one day.
And sorry if Dean isn't written well I have trouble with dialogue so sometimes it sounds too static and less flowy as a real person would talk. Just blame my writing class for making me write poetry for a year instead of dialogue
"Of course. I would never intentionally force him to remain dormant, especially since what happened with Michael. If he ever wants to "be in the driver's seat-"
But what about mom?
"I'll take care of it. I swear I'll be back as soon as I can be. Now come on, get your asses of my head before I kick you out myself."
Cas. Talk to me. Did I piss you off? Are you avoiding me? Giving me the silent treatment? Huh? Cas I can't work with this you gotta talk to me man."
At this moment, Dean experiences his first panic attack. While he's alone.
"Cas. How in the world did you get back? I thought that you were in The Empty." Sam asked, full of curiosity but also a little fear. He hoped that Cas hadn't made any deals like all of them were prone to do.
No no no no no no no no no no no no
"What do you mean he's gone?!" The angel snapped and he banged his fist on the table. His wings were extended and puffed out to their maximum plumage. Jack stared at them, but he also winced at Castiel's aggression.
To Castiel however, Dean's Hell was a familiar sight. He had seen all of Dean's memories and past regrets when he raised him from Perdition, so he knew everything Dean had experienced. But... They still hurt him so. He hated witnessing them, especially since he knew that Dean had suffered even more since these events that had happened years and years ago. It seemed that even Dean's time in Hell itself wasn't as prominent as recent events.
"Cas, come on. I'm goddamn glad you're back man, but what happened? Did you make another deal? If you did you gotta tell me. You can't hide stuff like that from us! We gotta know so we can help you."
His eyes turned deadpan, but they didn't lose any fear to them. The terror was there, but it was overshadowed by the utter hopelessness that Dean had experienced 8 months ago.
Destien canon 3rd time confirmed?? ? ? ? ?/?  I'm quAKING WHAT THE HELL IS THIS SHIT WAS THIS CHAP FORESHADOWING OR WHAT HAHA
Life with Dean Castiel was definitely a strange phenomenon to witness, much less get used to. To start with, it was relieving to hear an extra set of footsteps around the Bunker. Just 8 months before, there was hardly any movement and no sound other than the rustling of papers, clicking of keys, and sighs of exhaustion. The air had a dead feel to it filled with dread and fatigue. The situation at the time had seemed hopeless.
"Right now he's stuck in a nightmare. I don't know what exactly, but it's a doozy, that's for sure. My lord, the amount of self-hatred one human can have is astounding. He wants to die all the time! What a sad, sad soul this is." He wiped a fake tear away from his eye, all while that stupid grin remained on his face.
No one had known of this before but Dean and John, but now the truth was being brought to light.
To be honest, Castiel had never felt so safe in his life. Here he was, no threat of angelic attacks or random Winchester accusations in sight, but instead two beefy hunks who were giving him everything he had ever wanted. What had started as a drunken triad between the three attractive dudes had quickly evolved into a boiling hot and messy threesome of wet makeouts and the sounds of slapping skin.
But they had been sewn shut a long time ago
This time, the reaction was what the three of them expected to happen the first time.
"What's for lunch?"
Castiel paused and looked at Jack with wide, sad eyes. Jack returned the same. They stared at each other for a while before Castiel sighed and rubbed his chin thoughtfully.
Soon those dots evolved into deep cuts. Then teeth swarmed around him and bit every piece of flesh they could get ahold of. Blood flowed everywhere.
But then Castiel was looking at the camera.
"I don't need help. I just need to think of something to do to get us out of this mess!"
But he repressed them. He knew that Dean would never in his right mind return these feelings as much as it hurt to admit this. Dean saw Castiel as a liability sometimes, and others just a tool to get what he wanted. Castiel of course knew this, he knew everything when it came to Dean. He knew that his love would be unrequited. He knew that Dean would look at him with disgust if he ever admitted this. He knew that Dean would not even consider the mere thought of loving Castiel. He knew this. Of course he did.
He just prayed and wished and hoped that Dean would remain alive.
God, he missed this car.
HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAA
"Why can't I control my powers?"
Why does he fuck up
But because of his own fear, Jack was now basically powerless. Sure, he was far stronger than most angels and definitely stronger than monsters, but he still had a lot of trouble doing things he normally could. He had trouble healing Sam and Eileen when they went on hunts together. He could barely smite anything. It was almost like his grace was gone. It certainly wasn't though. His grace and power was fully intact, but all of it was stuck behind a wall, thick and immovable. His own willpower kept it there. The fear was just too great.
"How he struggled against me, and he would have won too, if Gwynth hadn't been there. But she was. And that was that. We did it. We captured THE Dean Winchester. We won! And so to celebrate we made a GIANT announcement. You wanna know what we said?" He asked expectantly. Sam and Cas just stared murder at him. He laughed but continued.
Sam breathed through his teeth harshly. Cas took after Dean so much that even his brother's stubbornness rubbed off on the angel. They were both insufferable sometimes in getting what they wanted. But at least they were here - that was all that mattered.
He should've killed himself years ago.
Dean was lying on the bed, nearly having a seizure. Sweat dripped out of every pore on his head and body, his eyes were wide and shaking, his chest rose and fell shakily and out of rhythm as he struggled to breathe, and his limbs were twitching and convulsing.
"But I'm worried about you. We're all worried about you even if some of us aren't showing it."
What else could explain this
Sam dressed in his FBI suit, grabbed his and Castiel's fake badges, and they headed out on their first case.
He said this with the trademark Castiel quotes. Sam chuckled a tad bit to himself as he remembered Castiel's "people skills." Even if the angel was in Dean's body, he was still their naive friend who knew little of pop culture references. At least he could use air quotes properly now.
The vampire noticed and took this chance. Using all of its mass and momentum, it punched Castiel right on the side of the temple. As the angel crumpled, it tore off its mask and sank its dagger-like teeth into the angel's neck, spewing crimson blood all over.
His brother who abandoned him and left him with dad to go to college and left him to die and be tortured in Hell and Purgatory and who could be one of the most selfish people in the world and the person who didn't understand half of what Dean did for him and-
He had spent the rest of the evening pondering on his motel bed. He failed to notice the twitching and heaving figure of his brother just barely ten feet away.
Jack smiled and Castiel pulled him in for another hug. When they broke apart, Sam and Eileen looked downtrodden.
Castiel continued to stare at Dean with soft eyes. Dean still thought of himself as a failure, even after Cas had told him that he wasn't. That was why he ran away. That was how he got kidnapped. That was why he allowed the monsters to break him. Instead of Castiel's speech fixing the broken hunter, they instead created even deeper rifts in his mind. He blamed himself for not doing anything to help Cas. He blamed himself for being too confused to say anything. He blamed himself for throwing Castiel into the tragedy that was the life of a Winchester.
Castiel followed and held Dean tightly to his chest. He looked like a child, all skin and bones and clutching at Castiel's trenchcoat with white knuckles. Castiel then tried to heal the deep wounds he had inflicted upon himself with his nails, but for some reason his grace was blocked out from healing external as well as internal wounds.
He looked at Jack. He had felt it too.
"Alrighty. Let's get this show on the road." He said as he and everyone else filed out the door.
In less than three minutes, Dean's breathing slowly fixed itself and his heart started to beat regulary. Castiel smiled widely at the hunter.
He didn't know how this would affect him on the outside. When he would be reunited with Sam and... James.
Upon regaining consciousness, the angel nearly wanted to cry upon finally being released from his head that had him caged like a bird. To be able to think without reliving every moment of loss and guilt he had felt in his entire lifetime was a huge relief in itself.
"Well, his body's fine. I get that. But what about his head? Why is he being like this?"
Dean's thoughts were abruptly interrupted when Sam quietly rapped on his door. He snapped back into reality and headed over to answer it. Sam's familiar face appeared, looking worried.
Castiel couldn't handle it. He just couldn't. And to be forced to undergo this for 8 months? Absolutely not. They had to get out of here. Now.
He ripped his eyes away and tried to mute out the sound of Dean's continual screaming through the thread. It was incredibly hard, but he relented and screamed at the other two.
Oh yes it is. Everything that has happened is your fault because you were too fucked up to do anything about it.
Sam and Cas were still staring murderous intent, but shock was written on their faces as well as Jack's.
"Alright then, if that's settled, then I suggest we leave tomorrow morning. We got a long road trip ahead of us, so get your guns and clothes ready and we'll get on the road after breakfast."
Destiel has gone canon 4 times? Wtf is wrong with this place
Cas scooped up the body and rushed back to the bedroom he had been in not even fifteen minutes ago. He laid Dean down and covered him up tightly. Dean's face was full of sweat and was pinched in concentration. He twitched from time to time, like when he had collapsed after trying to have sex with Cas.
"Yeah. Ok. So basically Dean was really depressed because he had just learned that his interference in Hell had been the first seal breaking of Lucifer's Cage. He was really bent up about it. And you, Castiel, well you weren't being much help."
"No. I get that. But why here? Why now? Why would it be here?"
But Dean's head was obviously screwed up somewhere.
"More or less. Let's see you die and come back to life then spend the majority of your energy healing someone else and then see if you feel 100%."
Cas is gone. Cas is gone? Cas is gone.
They finally had Dean and Cas back. 8 months gone by and by. On one hand, it seemed like an utter lifetime. Every day, searching for some way to track them down. All that time, Dean was suffering at the hands of the monsters that they usually killed with ease. On the other, it felt like the blink of an eye. 8 months or even a year could not have prepared Sam for the sudden return of Castiel along with dastardly and broken sight of Dean.
He knew that he was going to lose all sense of self and life when the box broke, so in a last and final desperate attempt, he tried. He tried to do the one thing he wanted while he could, and that was make Castiel his.
John merely grunted in response.
Jack called from Castiel's room and Sam nearly tripped himself in rushing over.
Castiel and Sam were left aghast. They had literally no idea that Dean was struggling with these. Not even an inkling of information came from Dean regarding these. Whenever he would dash to the bathroom, only to return five minutes later, he would be fine. Perfectly fine. No one would even think of thinking that he had just returned from a life threatening terror that engulfed his very being.
"Sorry to break it to you bud, but I got this guy's angel juice right here. He held up the vial which was now on a chain around his neck. "And according to the rules, humans can't be in her. So we're gonna skidaddle." The Shadow hissed and tried to lunge at Dean, but Dean was faster and punched The Shadow right in the face with all his might. It collapsed on the ground and staggered, trying to get up, but the other angels had crowded around and were now beating on it in its human form. It hissed again and let out a burst of energy that sent all of the angels flying, but by the time it saw the rift again, it had already closed with Dean and Castiel inside it.
They watched as Sam ran away to Flagstaff. They watched as John cursed out his own son and slapped the living shit out of him and accused and berated him over not being responsible and lazy and stupid and a failure, a disappointment, an ungrateful brat, someone that broke everything he ever touched, a child that he wished he had never had.
"Relax, cowboy. I knew you would still be here. Do me a favor and not stand there like a weirdo? A little alone time would be appreciated."
He prostrated himself between the other two men, his ass in the air and hands on the ground.
As quick as it had come, the attack had stopped. In reality it had lasted about five minutes, but time seems to move faster when you experience these.
"What else did you want to know?" He gently asked.
"Wow Cas. What's up with all this?" Sam asked, although somewhat nervously. Maybe something had possessed their angelic friend that caused his cooking skills to skyrocket to a level equal to Mrs. Butters.
"Yes I know. I wouldn't ask if we weren't desperate, but we are. Please Jack. Just a little bit." Castiel begged.
Then they were transported to the night that Sam left for college. Time stood still.
Jack tried to protest, but Castiel was already gone.
"Alright, well let's get settled in and see what's happening." Sam stated after they had a chance to recuperate.
"Beg. If you want more, you have to beg for it."
Boian was a tall man with a crisp looking suit and tie on. The most striking feature was his long, red hair. He resembled Rowena in a way. Well, minus the Scottish accent.
And yet again.
"You always were a dunce, Sammy."
It had been over an hour since Dean slipped into unconsciousness and since Castiel had told both him and Jack of what had happened. They both looked obscurely at Cas as he described the sudden upsurge of Dean's sex drive, but Jack somehow came to the conclusion that he was fueled by emotions with no filter because he had locked his soul away. Kind of like what Sam did when he was soulless, but instead of being an utter asshole, Dean was just really horny for an angel.
"That is not true!" Castiel snarled but Boian merely shushed him.
"What do you know about suffering Sam? Huh? What do you know about living every day in pain and terror, not knowing if it will ever end?"
Sam, Jack, and Cas were jolted awake as they narrowly managed to escape the oncoming shadows of Dean's head, but there was no time to be dazed or confused. Sam ripped the wires from his head and then from his still-unconscious brother's.
https://twitter.com/Spunky_SpaceCat
He called over to Castiel and Jack, who were silently standing in the corner of the room, deep in their own thoughts and sharing neutral news with each other. When Sam spoke, they looked up and saw Dean's head hooked to the polygraph and knew that it was time to start. As they started to come over, Sam pulled over three chairs and set them beside Dean's bed. He took the seat nearest to the polygraph and started setting the wires to his own head with suffocating silence.
He pondered on it for only a few moments before the realization hit him like a truck. It was simply because he was in possession of Dean's body. And Dean was so much in love with food, more specifically hamburgers, that it trumped an angel's lack of taste.
Sam quickly scrolled to the top of the article and handed the laptop to the curious Castiel.
Then that evolved into the heartbeats. They were too loud, erratic. They beat in his eardrums like gunshots. Dean covered his ears, trying to dull out the sound, but it was his own heart. He couldn't stop it.
Another moan escaped his throat as Man #1 began stroking his beading cock. Precum seemed to explode from it as he gasped in ectasy and black dots spotted his vision.
"It means that we can get Cas back." Sam finally replied.
When Jack and Sam left, Castiel turned to face Dean who was still sitting stupidly on the bed, a somewhat glazed look on his eyes.
He didn't notice the tiny cracks appearing on the outside of the box.
They watched as he tried his hardest to kill the monsters that were trying to apprehend him. He succeeded in killing a couple of werewolves, but there were too many. He was easily overwhelmed and dragged off. He didn't even try to resist. He was already too broken.
No. You're just making excuses. You didn't try your hardest. All you did was thrust Sam into a life he didn't want and basically force him to be by your side. That's selfishness Dean. You were selfish. Hell you are selfish. You don't want to be alone yet you push everyone away? You can't have it both ways. Choose one or the other.
Dean had never mentioned anything like this at all. He carried it with him all his life and didn't complain a single bit. Not to Sam or Castiel. To nobody but himself.
The scene shifted and presented every panic attack Dean had endured and hidden from everyone. There weren't a lot, but enough to make an impact on important events in Dean's life. Everytime he felt them coming on, Dean hurridly excused himself and hid himself away in his bedroom or the bathroom to tremble and struggle to breathe all by himself. They watched as he felt one in public. This was only once, after Sam had left to go the library and he had nearly broke down the bathroom door trying to get in.
Castiel let out a cry of horror and held Dean's arms again and watched helplessly as Dean's body fell limp again. He shot a helpless look towards Sam and Jack, but they only returned the same to him.
A sharp pulling in his own mind. A very sharp pang that had malicious intent. A pull that wanted him to snap his fingers and erase everything. It was God's power. It was God's consciousness telling him to just get rid of everything and start anew - write a new draft. Throw out the old.
And there it was. It barely brushed his fingers, but he could feel it. The warmth of the sun was on his fingertips and it was so, so comforting. It was the only happy thing that had happened to him in forever. But it was there. A bright light that he could feel.
"It's ok, Cas. You're one of the family. Family can always ride shotgun." He finished with a smile.
"I think it would be worth looking into. Maybe your father wrote something about them." He suggested.
He could still remember the angels rejoicing as he declared the news. Even after the dismal aftermath of the death of many of his brothers, Castiel still felt exhilarated as he began to rebuild Dean's body.
"Are you sure? We don't mind you coming along."
Dean tried to find words to say. Say something about how wrong that was. Say something about how he didn't ever want to be possessed ever again after Michael. Say that he hated this idea but he still wanted to do it because he wanted Castiel inside of him in a weird way like that. Say that he didn't like the feeling of being possessed but if it was Cas then he would do it in a heartbeat. So many things he wanted to say, but his mouth stayed glued shut. Just as when he watched Cas being taken by The Empty. He was still a coward. He still couldn't voice his thoughts. Even when he was here in Castiel's arms and crying his damn eyes out he still couldn't open his mouth and just say what he wanted to say.
He made eye contact with Dean and gently breathed in a rhythm. Dean's frightened green eyes met his blue ones, but he made a conscious effort to concentrate on his breathing. He soon began to follow the pattern Cas established.
The pain of the time he had been kept captive in both Hell and in the hands of the monsters.
And then he found it. The Impala.
His and Jack's gaze shifted towards Sam. He let out a breathy sigh and gulped hard.
And with these words, Castiel was taken by the Empty, never to be seen again.
When the tension was released in his arms, Dean wasted no time and continued to lacerate any exposed skin he could find with his long fingernails.
Castiel sensed the sudden change in Dean's breathing. With inhuman speed, he raced over to Dean and he witnessed the man he loved experiencing a panic attack. He set his fingers to his forehead, but he still couldn't get through to the root of the problem, Dean's Athazagoraphobia. It was very obvious that Dean possessed this certain phobia, but it was so deepset into Dean's trauma that he couldn't fix it, thus not being able to comfort Dean in his attack on his mind.
Sorry for the filler chaps but they're essential for good storytelling :)
Boian carved a sigil onto Dean's tongue with much carelessness. "Death shalt not take thee." It glowed everytime Dean was supposed to die. It seemed that it never went dull.
Sam, Jack, and Cas desperately try to keep him from kicking the bucket
Cas was there. And he was fucking two guys at once.
What the fuck had happened to him?
At first, early in the night, they had been testing the waters. They had met at a gay bar by chance. Castiel was looking for some fun because he was mad at Dean, and with no other outlet to vent his anger he just wanted some angry sex with some guys. When the three of them met, sparks immediately flew. Man #1 and Man #2 were obviously no strangers to one night stands, and Castiel wasn't exactly a virgin himself, but the threat of STDs and AIDs hung over the over two, while Castiel pondered on what sex would be like with a male in his male vessel.
Goodbye, Dean."
Dean awakens but being alive isn't all that it's cracked up to be
Some time later, the Bunker's front door barged open and Jack and Sam came in, towing large grocery bags.
Dean chuckled a little.
A burst of yellow energy erupted out of him and Boian was sent tumbling backwards. Castiel and Sam took this opportunity and shot up. Boian tried to get his standing, but a large gash had appeared on his stomach from the energy burst. Cas finished the job and drove his Angel Blade right through Boian's heart. The witch screamed but he kept that infuriating smile plastered on as he died.
But now... The entire feeling of victory had evaporated from Castiel's mind. There was no winning if Dean wasn't with them.
The anxiety he has over everyone abandoning him or leaving him alone to die.
The angel panicked as he recalled the events that had led up to this moment. He had been knocked out cold by a vampire after another one of those head-splitting migraines. He assumed he was still unconscious, and he was inside his and Dean's head.
He sighed. He hoped that somehow they could find a way to fix his mind and rid it of the shadows that had plagued it everlasting.
His stomach was a shredded mess of skin flaps. His ribs were exposed and not just because he'd been starved but also the actual bone of the ribs was able to be seen and they were cracked and broken and bleeding with the rest of him. His intestines were actually visible and there was more bone showing because why?
Heeheheheheheheeeeee
was alive? How? He was literally killed right infront of him. Did Sam or Jack bring him back? But didn't he have a deal with The Empty or something? So how could he be here? Right infront of him? Very obviously alive and very Castiel-looking.
"You're fine, actually. We were just finishing up discussing Dean's mental wellbeing. I'm going to go finish cooking dinner. It will be ready momentarily."
The painful memory still burned in Castiel's head, but he shoved it out of the way and focused on the task at hand. He thought for a moment. He had hoped that they wouldn't have to go to this particular memory, but they had to. Everything else seemed devoid of Dean's presence, so this place would be the last that they would have to journey to. Castiel's wings tingled a tiny bit as he thought about it. He didn't want to go. By God he had hoped that Dean's soul would be anywhere but there. But it wasn't meant to be.
"Just spit it out dude. It can't be any worse than telling me that we're all going to die tomorrow." Dean joked.
Castiel raised his hand as he did before when Michael was in Dean's head and focused on listening to the whispers of Dean's brain. Compared to before, there were so many more. They were now more traumatic and gut-wrenching, full of anger and sorrow. Castiel absolutely hated to see Dean like this. He didn't deserve any of this. He didn't deserve to be lost in his head. He didn't deserve to be thrown into depression just for living. He didn't deserve to have his friends and family ripped away from him on a weekly basis.
Dean almost came in his pants right then and there.
Perhaps it was at this moment that Castiel, a perfect, peerless angel of Heaven, fell in love with Dean Winchester.
he was doing, but the sight which met him was not one he expected.
Sam tried to control his shaking legs, but he failed. He nearly collapsed on the ground and was left with a distant gaze in his eyes. There was too much. Just too much. Jack hugged him again and Sam buried his face in the nephilim's chest.
At first, Castiel prepared meals that Dean used to prepare. Greasy diner dishes that he and Sam had grown up on. Dishes that could raise cholesterol levels drastically just by looking at them. Fried chicken, bacon, pizza, burritos, nachos, loaded sandwiches, and his personal favorite, hamburgers. This wasn't Cas's fault though. Dean always prepared food like that and let his angel helper watch, so Castiel didn't know any better. Sam didn't really have a problem with these dishes, but he wanted to get Cas and Jack into good eating habits. Besides, Dean wasn't there at the moment. They could do without any cholesterol problems for a while.
God was gone now. He was the new God. Well, not really. He was still a walking powerbomb, but they would focus on that later. Dean was the priority now.
"Yeah. Sam and I need to go to the, uh, store and get some stuff. Without you. So that you can eat."
"Oh, you're going to get him back eh? Because he's your "responsibility." What a joke you all are. Why don't you just leave too, you filthy parasite. You know you want to, so just take your stuff and get the fuck out of my sight!"
"So... Whatdya think? We got something here or should we pack it up?" He asked, looking a bit downtrodden. Maybe he dragged all of them out here for nothing.
And that was only on the surface.
"And so why would we be here? What happened while I was gone? Did Dean get hurt or something and not tell me AGAIN?"
Very Castiel heavy chap. I wanted to show Cas love and also write pretty.
Jack looked confused for a moment. Where was Dean's soul? He had been so focused on healing his bodily wounds that he had completely forgotten about the very life essence of humans. An idiotic mistake on his part.
But why did it hurt so much?
He felt the cigarette burns as they peppered his skin like polka dots on a dog
