He shook his head. This was not the time for regrets. Rosie hoped to return to her father by the end of the week, and he would make sure that both of them were back by then.
He watched them walk away and settled down in the seat to wait. He swallowed the tears, the fear, the despair, the anger.
John had inserted his tongue a bit inside the crack, moving his tongue slowly up and down until he reached the triangle of skin just above Sherlock’s butt. It was a really sensitive spot for the detective, which turned him on almost instantly. John smiled when he heard him moan louder.
Sherlock, who remained crouched, pushed off and leaped in the air as high as he could at John's signal.
“I’m dead tired now,” mumbled John. “But tomorrow, you and I will talk about this brand new sleeping bag.”
"Captain in the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers. Three years in Afghanistan," answered John, making the military salute in the English way.
"Holmes told you to perform that?" asked Donovan, looked at Mrs. Hudson, and the other four laughed.
For a moment, he allowed himself to dream about John realizing he left the hall, running after him, stopping him, making him turn around, and confessing that he just realized his mistake and that his true love was Sherlock. He would solve it with Mary tomorrow because it was time for them to go back to Baker Street to live their love.
Bill's scream made him turn around in time to see a massive guy pouncing on him. The man knocked him with a mighty right, his fist smashing into Sherlock's face, throwing the detective against one of the hut walls, which he bumped into with a loud bang.
John sat down and filled his plate up with a bit of everything. Sherlock took a piece of toast and smeared it with jam. They began to eat breakfast in silence, enjoying the warm sun that autumn day.
"But… a warden? We are supposed to look for a wealthy man who frequents Irene's house, aren't we?" asked Lestrade. He rubbed his neck, weary. They had been working for over twelve hours straight, and his poor brain was crying out for a break, as well as those of the rest in the basement.
Sherlock cursed again. Yes, he was a genius, except when John was about to fuck him. His brain then went from a thousand revolutions to a total blackout where only the sensations that John provoked in his whole body could fit.
"No, eat it. You are going to need it" Sherlock looked at him, questioningly. He smiled mischievously, making Sherlock's cock throb. "We still have a lot of non-celebrated birthdays to honor."
Sherlock threw a nervous look to the kids. They, a bit scared of Tommy’s cries of pain, looked back at him.
Sherlock was about losing his mind, submitted to the intense but at the same time slow stimulation, that kept him on the verge of the orgasm but didn't allow him to come.
"Nah, don't even listen to them. Deep down they love each other" teased Mrs. Hudson, totally unaffected by the incendiary gaze the two brothers threw at her.
Sholto watched them. No one would say that the seven soldiers getting off the plane in Kandahar six hours later were the same tattered ones who came up to the airfield near London. Cut or shaved hair, shaved beards, new clothes, and focused on the mission, they were almost unrecognizable. Sherlock decided they would do it during the flight so as not to raise suspicions of the Yard or Mycroft's men.
"No, your daughter points out spy ways." John tilted his head, warning his future brother-in-law to get the idea out of his head, "and she orchestrated the whole thing in secret."
"I'd better take them off, lest they get stained," Sherlocks' hands reached under John's pants, avoiding touching him and took them off.
“No, no, no, I won’t give you time to come up with any excuse. I want an explanation, and I want it to be the truth. I can’t believe it! What the hell were you thinking about? How could you put yourself in his line of fire? Can you imagine what would happen if Lestrade would haven’t heard the beeper? Do you realize what it would have supposed to you, to us?"
"Nobody loved me that way before. Nobody. Nor my parents, not any of my former girlfriends of boyfriends" he gazed at Mike "Nobody." he repeated. "Thanks to the love he brings me, I healed inside. And found the reason to change, to try to be better. I stopped drinking, and I started going to therapy to manage my anger, my aggressiveness, and all the shit I kept inside me. I'm still on it" he smiled sadly "Listen to me. I am even able to express my feelings now, though it keeps being hard".
"Then we will fly to Bagnizeau, a wooded region near the castle. Once there, we will walk to the castle".
John bent down behind the detective and, smearing his fingers in aromatic oil, started to push the clubbed tip of his finger against inside Sherlock's hole, still, a bit softened after John's fucking. Sherlock moaned and closed his eyes, wishing he could reach his cock and stroke himself, but John's instructions were clear.
"I'm not going to stay here and listen to any more nonsense" announced Mycroft, getting up and disappearing inside his house.
"We..." repeated Donovan. How could the DI now side with the freak? Or that John was so affected by his death?
Sherlock clenched his jaw, angry, worried, and scared, about to scream. His worst nightmare, losing John, could come true. He swallowed with difficulty the lump in his throat. The pieces of the puzzle he wasn't able to shape in his head the day Mycroft talked with Jonh about the case started to come together.
Then a black limousine stopped in the street. Mycroft and Anthea (or better said Anthea and her smartphone) got out of the car. Donovan couldn't help smiling, remembering the frightened and nervous Mycroft she met in John's hotel, totally different from the self-confident, posh man carrying an umbrella that was approximating them. Nevertheless, she swore she saw a hint of admiration when the man passed by Doctor Watson. Maybe, in real life, he was amazed how John had conquered Sherlock's heart.
"I called him machine," John mused, so low that they barely heard him. "It was the last thing I said to him. I called him a machine. I should have realized it wasn't true. That Sherlock would never have stood still if something had happened to you, Mrs. Hudson. But..."
He begged John to stop between moans, his oversensitized body turning the pleasure in unbearable. John chuckled, this time slowing a bit the rhythm of his body rocking up and down Sherlock.
His tongue slid again over the detective’s perineum, making him whine and moan, trying to close his tights a bit, so he can lift a bit his lips, inviting the doctor to fuck him. From his position, Sherlock could see John’s cock, hard as a rock, aching for attention, but the git had an unbelievable control over himself. Balancing on only one hand, Sherlock sneaked his arm under him and caressed the tip of John’s cock, making the doctor moan and close his eyes.
The next time he came down, John grabbed him and slowly pushed his cock inside Sherlock, groaning and closing his eyes at the detective hole's warmness around his big hard cock.
He and Sherlock rushed down the stairs to the street. A black van was waiting for them with the headlights off. They ran in the rain and jumped in the back.
"Greg," the DI turned to face the window, from where he could see Mrs. Hudson's distressed face. "Bring my boys back home," she implored.
Mycroft's face turned into a pout, and, for a few seconds, he looked like he was going to cry. He managed to pull himself together quickly.
Lestrade thought about what John would say if he knew he was the main character in Sherlock’s sexual fantasies. Because it had to be a fantasy. John had made it very clear he was not gay, what was widely attested by the female Yarders with whom he had sex regularly, mostly since his fame as an incredible fucker and about how very well-endowed he was spread along NSY.
The parents, hearing him chuckling and realizing their sons and daughters were wearing only their pajamas and jackets despite the cold, started demanding explanations at Sherlock, who remained undaunted before the parent’s anger.
The image of Clay opened the door to all the pain caused by Anthony's death, a pain he struggled to keep in a dark corner. He couldn't face it. He couldn't talk about it. His parents advised him to see a therapist, but he couldn't. The pain, the loss, the grief, the guilt for haven't been able to save him… they were so intense, so unbearable that he was sure, if he tried to face them, they would split him into pieces.
"I promise I won't do it again, then. I am happy to see that the little dog is now delighted, having you and your Daddy".
Mycroft scowled. Then he smiled. He was relieved Sherlock kept teasing him as usual, though in a much softer tone than he used to employ in those verbal battles.
Sholto, walkie-talkie in hand, watched Sherlock from the top of the dune. He and his men had to lock him in one of the cars. The detective had no intention of stopping because of the sandstorm and seemed determined to get into it to continue on his way, going alone, if necessary. But the Major was unwilling to let John's husband get lost in a sandstorm, no matter how smart he was. He would not be the first to disappear, unaware of the danger, swallowed up by the sand clouds.
He looked towards the dining room, and John followed his gaze. There, Sherlock sat in an armchair, with Rosie on his knees, who just came from her bed, unable to sleep. The detective was reading her a book, waving his hands and gesturing exaggeratedly while performing the book characters, making her laugh, amused.
“Only a week? I was thinking about a month,” sighed John, leaning his head on Sherlock’s shoulder, who chuckled and stroked John’s hair.
"Greg, nogggggggg!" he suddenly cried, as the DI, smiling wickedly, started licking and nibbling Sherlock's right nipple, making the oversensitive detective curse with words the DI had never heard even from the mouths of the most slumming criminals. This reaction, instead of discouraging Lestrade, only induced him to play with both nipples at the same time, pinching and rubbing them, hardening them as Sherlock strained the ropes so hard that they heard the headboard cracking.
"I'm sorry," he whispered, "I should have realized something was wrong. I knew you weren't such an animal with no feelings, but I was so angry and hurt for what you said…"
"It's not a question of power. It's my duty, Gregory. Because when I didn't control everything, my five-year-old sister threw Sherlock's best friend down a well, or set fire to the family home with my little brother in it, trying to kill him, or Sherlock got addicted, or …"
"I would ask you if you have been drinking, but since you are with the eldest Holmes, the question is: has he drugged you, and is he holding you against your will? If so, tell me to look for something in your office".
Mycroft looked at his boyfriend, bordering on a nervous breakdown, and the DI shrugged. He told Mycroft as they got there that they had to wait until she started talking. One unwelcome commentary and she would leave, and they would lose the only clue they had.
Suddenly, everything went dark. The woman took out several small flashlights, gave them each one, and gestured to follow her.
"But he made such a fuss about her homework, saying it was for idiots, that the girl would not learn anything from it and he would organize it… So the doctor threw him out of the room where the girl was doing it. From that day on, the doctor does not allow him to be with the girl while she is doing her homework, or to correct it, or anything like that. He doesn't seem to be doing well at all, because he spends the whole time like this, on the couch".
"Because you... you would do what you did. Realize something wasn't right. And you wouldn't have let me show it to John..."
"John, life can't be lived halfway. You either live it, or you don't, and living carries risks. It's impossible to be completely safe. The fear of losing what you already have is preventing you from enjoying it."
"No…" started the receptionist and closed her mouth, not knowing how to deal with that stubborn woman.
Mycroft lowered his head and breathed in sharply as if he needed encouragement to answer. He stared as this wet hand with a mixture of surprise and desolation.
“Lestrade” Sherlock looked around, assuring the rest couldn’t hear him “Regarding the arrested… and the interrogations, I wouldn’t like anyone to know…, I mean…”
But both Mycroft and Lestrade were gawking at his screen were Sherlock and Stephen appeared together. For a moment, both Lestrade and Mycroft thought it was some Sherlock's kind of joke. But the elder Holmes soon deduced that, while identical from a physical point of view, it wasn't like that in their way of being. Strange was egotistic and full of himself but didn't have Sherlock's complete lack of social skills. His eyes could look like Sherlock's but weren't as pierced as them, and he couldn't deduce people, though he possessed some kind of ancient knowledge, deep and vast, that Mycroft couldn't help but respect,
After dinner, they went for a walk down to the little cove, on a marked path with wooden railings that snaked down to the sand.
"Boring" crooned Jim. "It's so kind of you to come all together to greet me at my return," he mocked.
“No, no, no, when you do your part” she ran a finger over his lips” if I were you, I would go back to your desk and won’t until you found something that would lead us to the Vampire.”
Lestrade gulped and raised his hands slowly. When he held them up, he closed his eyes and pressed the send button. Saving Rosie was much more critical than being shot.
Sherlock went out of the manor and hailed a cab that stopped in front of a block of flats in Stockwell district. He pressed all the intercom buttons. When the door buzzed open, he entered, climbed the stairs to the third floor, and walked down the corridor through the last apartment.
Mycroft swallowed and pulled himself together. After all, he was Mycroft Holmes, and even if he opened his heart to Lestrade, he wouldn't do it to the others even if he knew they wouldn't do him any harm. He only allowed himself a slightly mocking smile.
“John,” the moan sounded more desperate this time. Sherlock should be close to coming. One of the officers look at the red button between them and back to the other. That button allowed to transmit directly the sound of what was being heard in the van to Lestrade’s department.
Everyone closed their eyes and flinched, waiting for the bombs to go off. Both emitted two long beeps, and the countdown stopped.
She carefully walked down it and jumped onto the sidewalk, walked a few steps looking at her phone. A homeless approached her, asking for some coins. She took a few out of her pocket and, along with a note carefully folded, placed them in his hand and hailed a cab.
Sherlock got up and down, taking out almost the whole of John's cock as his body went up and sitting on lap again as he went down. The bar allowed him full movement, moaning hard when adjusted so that every time he went down, John's cock hit his prostate.
“I'm sorry, Mrs. Hudson.” Donovan and Lestrade looked at John, surprised. Who would have said that this man, contrite and calm, was the same who minutes before threatened with an anger explosion of cosmic proportions? ”It won't happen again, I assure it to you.”
"It will be just one week. We will talk every day, you, me, and Rosie. I know the terrain. I'm going with my old army buddies." He took Sherlock's chin and raised his face. "It's going to be all right. Before you know it, I'll be back."
John increased the speed of his finger inside and outside Sherlock and added another, pushing slowly and gently, to quickly adding a third one, curving them to find the detectives prostate. Sherlock's extremely erotic moans increased in volume as Anderson gobbled his cock as deep as he could, bobbing his head slowly up and down.
"Don't be in a hurry to decide" advised John. He looked sideways at Sherlock "You never know what life has in store for you around the corner".
Mycroft closed his eyes for a second, and then went down from the stage, walking through the crowd. He stopped near Lestrade, who had gone blank. The Yards looked at both of them.
"Very, very, very caloric," repeated Bill and looked up at the roof of, which would be about four meters above them. He twisted the gesture, looking at the rest of his companions. He pressed his lips "Impossible. None of us would make it".
“Because I wasn’t fired and I’m not the Yard’s DI with the highest level of crime in the past fifty years in London,” he chuckled, squinting through the smoke of the cigarette. ”You certainly deserve applause. Therefore and because surrounding yourself with such a pack of incompetent people, you managed to appear as the smartest one.” he clapped his hands several times, slowly. “Therein, you were more talented than me. In my team, I looked for qualified officers.“ He sounded really hurt. Then he raised the book at eye level. “And now, I have a reading to finish.”
Before Sherlock gave her a lecture on the difference between legs, paws, and tentacles, John covered the detective's mouth with his hand and urged him to continue, raising his eyebrows while gesturing his head.
Donovan nodded, pleasantly surprised. She met Anthea a couple of times, always glued to Mycroft's heels, meekly obeying his orders, her nose in her mobile, and gave her the impression that she was as uptight as Mycroft was. But she proved to be an intelligent, practical, friendly woman with a great sense of humor. Why she was working with Mycroft was something Donovan had not yet managed to unravel.
“Sherlock, what the hell happened here?” asked the doctor, about to cry with relief, kissing her daughter repeatedly.
"Come on," Donovan grumbled, opening the door at two in the morning and finding a soaked Sherlock on the other side, "Now you're going to come and pester me at my house too?
"At first there was suspicion, but none of them was directed at Clay. He was astute and knew what he was doing. Everyone saw him as my right-hand man, so no one found it strange that he ordered operations without me. But his ambition was stronger and decided to get rid of me. He made another vehicle crash sideways into mine, right on the side where I was sitting. When he failed to kill me, to divert attention from him, he blamed Anthony. And Sherlock came back into the picture. The rest you know.
The holidays had gone by at full speed. Mornings on the beach, swimming, walking along the shore, reading and resting on the deck chair, Rosie playing with her friends, John joining their parents for a while in the afternoon at Rosie’s request, and Sherlock joining them from time to time. In the evenings, they traveled around the island, hiked in the mountains, and watched breathtakingly beautiful sunsets ... a vacation so typical and far from their daily lives that had been almost unreal.
He cursed, got out of the bed, and moved to the living room, to drag him to their bed. But the living room was deserted.
The detective took one more bite of his toast, chewing quietly. John looked at him, a bit worried about what idea was growing in the detective's unpredictable brain. Sherlock inhaled deeply.
“God, I’m fucked,” growled Sherlock, throwing the doctor a murderous glance, but unable to hide a smirk.
"As even you could guess," retorted Mycroft, "bringing her here would be dangerous for all of us. We made it so today will be as special as possible for her. Anyway, next time you speak about my sister in those terms, Sargent Donovan, I will arrange it so she will pay you a visit. You are warned,".
"nggggggggggg gooogdddddddddddd" whimpered the detective, unable to form words, as John rolled his hips. "John...... plssssss".
The others looked at him in surprise. The thunder god raised his eyebrows and made an imperceptible gesture with his head.
"Well, well, the kitten has teeth..." Irene scoffed. "You have nothing to worry about. She'll be safe here," she insisted.
"Whoever your friends are, they want you to know they are following you," she looked at the device, whose red light turned orange and was flashing endlessly. "They are trying to disable the wave inhibitor. I'm going to disconnect it, so they don't get suspicious. Do you have somewhere safe to spend the night?"
"British humor. I like it. I'm in no hurry. And don't worry about the water. You'll soon have more..."
A new victim appears and, finally, the Yards find some fingerprints that could allow them to arrest the culprit. But John Watson tear the joy down.
But if the Lord's paths are inscrutable, the nooks and crannies of fate are even more so. As John watched him make sure Sherlock didn't go back to the
John smiled wickedly and tickled Sherlock's testicles with the tips of his fingers. The detective let out a laugh between moans, trying to squirm away at the tickling touch, scowling at John, who laughed and licked the sleuth's frenulum, his tongue flicking it up and down, from side-to-side, and in circles.
He unlocked the doors, and the detective stormed out of the car. He climbed the dune at full speed until he reached the Major, aware that he avoided looking at him. He looked at the premises under the dune. Too quiet and silent.
He didn't give a damn what the Avengers thought, but the doubt and bewilderment in John's eyes hurt him. He couldn't bear the doctor looking at him like that, as if all the faith he had in Sherlock was shattered into a thousand pieces.
"It's no bother. Just... well, if you're not too busy, you can stay and watch it. I usually watch it on the computer, but I'll turn on the TV."
Sherlock advanced, but Sholto grabbed him by the collar of his shirt and dragged him back so hard that the detective could do nothing about it.
When John drew one nipple into his mouth, squeezing the other, the orgasm exploded inside Sherlock. He moaned hard through a powerful climax that ran through his arching body in waves, each more intense than the last, his hips jerking hard as his cum hit John's chest. His body got lax, held in the bonds, his cock twitching, soft whined moans coming from his mouth.
Donovan sighed, exasperated, her mind traveling to the exact moment when the ”real” Sherlock Holmes retorted Anderson with that sentence during a pretended drug bust.
?), reverberating in the water was fuckingly sexy. Since he was humming a romantic song (where Sherlock learned it was a mystery for the doctor), it made both John's heart and cock almost explode. Moreover, Sherlock started singing:
"Just long enough for the plane to leave Afghan airspace," Sherlock replied, pulling his phone out of one of his trouser pockets and scrolling the messages.
"No, Lestrade" Sherlock cut him off "No way. You still are the same old idiot, and I still am the same pain in the ass, is that clear?"
John’s hands moved to Sherlock’s chest, gently rubbing the palms of his hands over the nipples in a circular motion. Sherlock moaned and dropped the essay tube. The liquid spilled on the table, and the detective grabbed the edge of the table, biting his lower lip and threw his head back slightly.
Mycroft was about to answer when his phone buzzed again. John rolled his eyes as the older Holmes checked it.
Mycroft, instead of moaning, emitted a series of unconnected moans, subjected to that torture in which the stimulus of pleasure became unbearable, that delicious moment when, for once, everything dissolved and his body took over. Greg, on the other hand, clung tightly to his hips, fucking hard and fast the body of his submissive who kept writhing and stirring under him.
“AND CAN I KNOW WHY?!!!!” Donovan feared for a moment the man suffered a stroke. His face was red with anger, his breathing was short and his blood pressure must be sky-high. What had happened to Doctor Watson? This man was a raging bomb about to explode.
"It's starting!" clapped the woman "this is from the first day, but they've left it as an introduction."
Sherlock's tongue travelled over the ankle and the leg, rested a bit of the back of the knee. His cock ached with John's choked giggling mixed with moans and groans.
John got up slowly and approached Lestrade. Although the former DI was taller, the doctor, with his military training, had no problem in holding him with one hand by the throat and pushing him to the wall. Greg grabbed John's arm with both of his hands, trying to loosen the pressure on his throat, but the doctor's arm seemed made of iron.
Sherlock breathed heavily through his nose, gran amount of saliva slipping down his chin, his own cock painfully hard, his body begging to come; he had to fight the impulse of stroking himself, as John thrust his hips hard, impaling his mouth.
Once in Mycroft's office, she went to the canteen, where several assistants ate lunch around a table. She smiled to herself, thanking her luck. Bertha, one of the most gossipy, capable of spreading a rumor around the office in seconds, was between them. When they saw her arrive, they invited her to join them. The assistant smiled, went to leave her rucksack in Mycroft's office, and took a sandwich, went over to sit among her colleagues who, amidst laughter, told her about Mrs. Hudson's visit.
John was sick with worry. He had thought about going into the house alone, but if he made a fatal mistake, Rosie would die. Limping more and more, he kept going back and forth, yelling at the bomb squad to find a way into the house.
John was so enraged he could cry. Mad, disappointed, hurt... he had been an idiot for trusting Sherlock. Everyone, from Lestrade to the last rookie in the Yards, Mycroft, Molly..., almost everyone warned him.
John bent down and kissed Sherlock tightly., taking his cock slowly from Sherlock and inching it inside again, as Sherlock moaned in Johns's lips, his cock getting hard again with the slow fucking.
"Won't it be suspicious it's not just the two of us?" asked Lestrade, shaking his head at the homeless. The SAS had disappeared a few hours ago, in the middle of the night.
The three of them began to march in place to warm up, and then any of them produced a skipping rope, a purple one Rosie and John and Sherlock black ones. They jumped over it, first at a slow pace and then increasing speed.
He frowned. Naked? It was not agreed. And he wasn't going to give the woman the pleasure of forcing him to do something that wasn't in the contract. He knelt and lowered his head.
"Two things: Yes, I hate legwork, but I put John and my brother in there, and I can't stay in the office now waiting for news. As much as I hate it, I know how to do it. And two. No, I haven't forgotten the letter, and that's why I'm going to look for them."
"You!" John cried in his best Captain's voice, addressing a group of officers, "Go to the armory and bring here all the arms and ammunition you can find. Move!"
Mycroft grabbed him by the arm, but the DI broke loose and continued to walk away with great strides. It was a mistake to come back with him after what Mycroft told him about Serbia, only because he seemed to care for him after being shot. What was wrong with him? How could he have been such a fool? How could he still be in love with that, that…?
"Mr. Holmes is not here; Mr. Holmes is not here; you are like parrots. Don't you know how to say anything else? How can he not be here? He
“I couldn’t John” he whispered “I… I’ve never told anyone... And I hoped not having to…, but it was devouring me, and I was afraid of... losing you”
An hour later, John woke up. He looked at Sherlock's cock, the red tip, leaking profusely and smiled. It would be enough to blow on the tip to make him orgasm.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and went down the street after them. He stopped short when he got to the sidewalk.
That question about Mike floated in everyone's mind. None of their lives had been the same since they returned from Afghanistan. Not the five of them, not the homeless who accompanied Sherlock. Most of them still carried psychological scars. How did someone overcome ten years of captivity? How do you get back to being yourself?
At Baker Street, Sally drew her gun, watching as several black cars and vans stopped on both sides of the door between heavy braking and a couple of dozen armed men got ready to storm the flat.
"Calm down, love," said John, who didn't want to miss watching Donovan fucking him, "You are going to love it."
. “But I owe you an apologize too. I didn’t realize that, when I insulted him, I was also hurting you.”
The doctor smiled broadly. He talked with Ela about it, and she said it would be a good idea now that Sherlock, after what happened in Sherrinford, was starting to put his past back together. She explained that,  since Redbeard had been a part of Sherlock's past in some way, he had to elaborate on his loss, as well as Victor's. And the dog could be a help to do it.
They soon came within a hundred yards of where Mike was supposed to be held. Sherlock Sholto and the soldiers climbed to the top of the hill and lay down on it to watch him.
The detective sat there, folded legs glued to his chest, arms around his legs, staring at a fixed point on the wall. His face didn't express the slightest emotion. He hasn't said a word; moved an inch o eaten or drunk anything of what an increasingly worried Mycroft had offered him since they arrived at the hospital's waiting room.
"You don't have to apologize for anything. You always said you wouldn't leave any man behind. And you didn't. You came back for me".
"I found that you can never have enough. It's... like a drug. What am I going to tell you that you don't know, little brother? As soon as it's over, you always want more. Being an addict, you know what I mean."
"Don't touch them!" he bellowed through the tears but kept looking for. "Don't touch them!" he sobbed, leaving other dog tags on the sand after cleaning them.
John and Sherlock were curled up in one of the cots. Plainly speaking, they fell asleep, John on his back looking for the best position not be disturbed by the sling, and Sherlock lying on his side, glued to the doctor, a protective arm over his chest, avoiding the areas sore from the blows, hugging him as if John were indeed an enormous teddy bear. The detective, exhausted, slept soundly, but John, from the discomfort of the sling and the nightmares, only managed to doze off at times.
When the game was over, a woman approached Rosie, who pointed to them, and walked to the canopy. The woman smiled at them.
Sherlock closed his eyes, blocking the flood of painful and scaring memories that that image unleashed in him. But what shrunk his stomach was the next picture, which showed a smiling Rosie, riding on the park swing. The third photo was a montage of both, in which they had removed Sherlock's image and replaced it with Rosie's, accompanied by a "
Sherlock grunted as John opened the oven, pulled out the stuffed aubergines, and turned to look at him.
In front of him, straddle on a chair, arms crossed over the chair back, Sebastian looked at him in the same way lionesses looked at antelopes before choosing their prey: hunger bathed with dead.
John shivered. Creepy Camp was the name Sherlock gave to the camping activity organized by Rosie’s school in which parents should take the rest of the classroom to a weekend camping. Thereby, children were in contact with Nature, and, most of all, improved their relationships between them out of the school environment.
The detective's cheeks were blushed with anticipation, feeling all the eyes focused on him, feeling them hungry for him.
"Look, you idiot, stop talking to him like this because of that stupid superiority complex to compensate for the feeling of being worth less than your father..."
On hearing it, the other spirits stopped fighting and focused their attention on the one who had spoken. Sherlock looked at Stephen, puzzled. Strange frowned and looked at Thor.
"Thank you, madam," replied Donovan, not understanding anything but eager to play her part well in that masquerade.
“Remember me not to fly again in a hypersonic plane” grunted John, three hours later, back in London, getting into the black car.
Mycroft shook his head, unable to stop moaning, his body dissolving into a sea of pleasure that prevented him from thinking and even processing Greg's questions.
Five pits, parallel to each other, recently dug, as Sherlock noticed, looking at the slightly darker ground. The detective tried to move, but his muscles didn't obey him, gripped by a deep terror, an infinite fear he didn't want to put a name to.
He gripped both cocks harder and sped up his movements as fast as he could, twisting his wrist as he pumped up and down, pushing them over the edge, forcing his hand to keep the rhythm, though it shivered a bit with each stroke.
In those moments, John became a musician and the detective an instrument in his hands. He knew how to obtain from Sherlock an endless range of moans, cries, grunts, growls, whines, howls, whiles, gasps, and sobs, of different volume and grade of arousal, intermingled with sounds similar to his name, incoherent babbling and desperate pleas.
"Since I met Sebastian, not a day has gone I didn't hate myself. Until today. I was so used to feeling that way, to feeling worthless, and now... it's odd not to feel like this."
"Three and a half months ago, when I took my car to go back home from work, I noticed my driver was not Andrew. I didn't give it a second thought. As I told you before, there had been some glitches in the emails and communications, delays… New staff came in, and I made the mistake of assuming Anthea forgot to warn me. It was late, almost two o'clock in the morning, and I was longing to arrive home and be with Gregory. At a traffic light, the driver stopped the car and unlocked the doors. Four blokes got on, immobilized me, and injected me something with a syringe. They warned me: if I tried to remove it, Gregory would not make it out of the next case alive. Before going out from the car, one of them said I should wait for instructions and follow them to the letter".
He shook his head again. It was impossible. When they both started having sex, John asked Sherlock about his limits, and he correctly remembered the detective's answer:
The man yelled in pain and tried to punch John with his other hand, but the doctor easily dodged it. With a strong hook, John threw him to the ground, and then, with his healthy arm, punched him hard in the face.
He put the key in the ignition, and, when he was about to turn it, a hand landed on his shoulder, almost giving him a heart attack. So embedded in Rosie and John's words, he didn't realize Jake and Pete were sleeping in the back seat and woke up when he opened the door.
"What's the matter?" croaked Mrs. Hudson, irritated, "Have you all gone dumb? I'm looking for Mycroft Holmes. Do I have to spell it out?"
How long had he been on his knees? Quite a while, judging by the numbness. Little by little, his mind began to realize the situation. On his knees, his hands tied behind his back, attached to a metal pole. He moved his fingers to disentangle them from the lack of blood supply due to the too-tight ligatures.
“Mycroft, what happened to Sherlock was terrible and frightening, but you can’t punish yourself for it. What you can do it’s finding that son of a bitch and bring him to me”.
The detective fell silent when John spilled some wine on his right shoulder blade and moved his torso, driving the cold liquid until it reached his nipple, hardening it before dripping into the sand.
She was so focused on her thoughts that she didn’t realize she was walking through a fairground located near the port. Bumper cars, roller coasters and other attractions both amused and terrified visitors.
“This is Rowan,” explained Sherlock “he’ll help you to feed the baby fallow deer when you see” the shepherd frowned deep but didn’t say anything.
Stephen burst out laughing, and with a determined air, he crossed the entrance of the Avengers' facility, crossed it, and walked into the hall where Stark, Steve, Clint, and Natasha were looking at a location hologram.
Until one day, the sanctum's guard in London notified him criminals in London were organizing themselves. Looking for an answer to that, he arrived at Sherlock Holmes, heartbroken, and in pain, who decided that life was not worth living.
"It's warm!" shouted the girl with delight, swimming freely once the detective deposited her in the water.
Interestingly, Sherlock was investigating the case of the point-blank killings, the same MO as the case of the body next to him. Three men were killed for no apparent reason and with no connection to each other. One in Hackney, one in Brixton and the next in St James's Park and this last one in Lambeth.
"Why bring us here?" John muttered, almost to himself. He could finally think with a little clarity, "It's clear that they want to attract Sherlock, but why? They could have caught him at Baker Street. It doesn't make sense."
John shook his head. Every time Sherlock walked through a hospital door, he became the staff's worst nightmare.
"So," John continued when they break the kiss, looking at each other tenderly. "From now on, anyone, man or woman, who calls him a freak or similar, will pick his teeth up off the floor with his or her broken fingers. Got it?"
"This does not make sense," panted Sherlock, performing different kata as he skewered living dead with the katana. "This is a never-ending story. Moriarty doesn't like getting bored".
With a trembling hand due to fear and anger, he began to dial Irene's number, but before he finished, Sherlock weakly tried to take his hand off the keyboard, intendedly looking at Mike.
Rosie nodded. She looked at her father's sling, and her lower lip trembled and her eyes filled with tears. She knew his shoulder must have hurt a lot if he had put it on. He hated it.
The usual girl in the white jumpsuit opened the door for him. He went into the living room and read the instruction sheet.
"Mycroft Holmes' operation is underway," she reported when they picked up the phone on the other end.
The man nodded. He raised his hands and turned around slowly. Luke walked over and pulled down the cloth covering his face, getting a shocked cry from the soldiers who could not believe it. There, in front of them, was Mike.
Rosie looked at his Papa. It was a lie on the size of the Tower Bridge. Sherlock never misunderstood John. Moreover, Sherlock never misunderstood anyone. But her Papa was the smartest man of the world (more even than uncle Myc, but as he made a lot of fuss when Rosie told him that, she would never repeat it in front of his uncle), so the little girl decided to carry on with Sherlock’s game.
"Come on, John, every time someone touches Sherlock, he acts as if he were electrocuted. Do you think he could stand being touched by an oily stripper?"
"No, don't be." John smiled, "Kiss me," he whispered, grabbing Sherlock by the waist and drawing him in. Sherlock brushed his lips lightly against John's, the kiss soft and sweet.
Mycroft relaxed a bit. Sherlock accepted the peace pipe. He lowered his head and remained silent, hesitating. If he only could find a way to...
Two seconds later, realizing what the detective meant, she jumped out of bed, woke up the girl, and, without turning on the lights, frantically trying to control the fear not to scare Rosie, she set everything. The fact Sherlock hadn't used his famous Vatican Cameos implied a clear warning: people involved may know the code. Don't trust anyone.
Lestrade looked at him in horror, as John's face turned white, while Sherlock's smirk faded, giving way for a second a gesture of anger until he managed to regain his composure and his usual inexpressive mask. He looked briefly at John, who seemed about to faint.
John smirked, his broken lip stretching painfully. He looked the fake soldier in the eyes and raised his head, taking care to vocalize well:
John smiled and went up the last flight of stairs. Rosie's room was attic, with windows in the ceiling that allowed her to see the sky, heat-insulated windows through which light but not heat entered. The room was almost as big as their living room in Baker Street, occupied by a bed, a small table, a large closet, and a vast library that covered three of the walls, the two and a half meters from the floor to the ceiling, full of books that Rosie was looking with interest. She inherited her parents' love of reading.
John licked Sherlock's lips. The detective, a bit baffled, opened his mouth, letting John's tongue invade his mouth, embracing each other, both tearful, damaged, broken, and finally, comforted.
None of them answered. The beating had been brutal, and it was unlikely he would survive. After a few endless minutes, they could hear a groan of pain, barely audible. And, miraculously, the detective tried to move. He groaned in pain again, unable to do it.
The doctor laughed. Sherlock was not only reluctant to be touched by anyone but his husband. He also avoided using second-hand items, even though they would have been totally sanitized. The mere idea seemed revolting to him.
In those moments, he dreamed it was Stephen telling him what he wanted so badly to hear. He gulped, squeezing his eyes tight. It hurt so much, that evil joke of fate.
All the attendants remained silent, looking at the doctor. Then Angelo started to applaud. At first, only his applause echoed through the room. Mrs. Hudson and Henry immediately joined him, and soon everyone in the room was giving a standing ovation. A standing ovation addressed to both of them: the absent Sherlock and the angry John, who stuck his face out for him.
"I was worried because Daddy was working too hard, Miss Know-It-All," replied Sherlock in a mocking offended tone, making Rosie laugh, amused and relieved.
He bent over to kiss Rosie on the cheek and walked out of the room onto the terrace. Sherlock wasn't there.
The sergeant nodded and disappeared onto the flat. Anthea waited until the trapdoor closed and smiled. She liked Donovan. A little moody, maybe, but she could count on her.
"He will come back in a week," hissed Sherlock, imitating his brother's voice. "Why are you making such a fuss, Sherlock? It's a simple mission. How you like to dramatize, little brother!"
"Yes, the doctor has forbidden him to do those that could be dangerous for her. It seems," she continued in confidence, "he does some pretty weird experiments at home.
As far as they know, Lestrade wasn’t at the office at that moment, so why not have some fun at the detective’s expense?
John snorted. Sherlock was far heavier than his thinness would suggest, but the doctor's strength allowed him to easily carrying the detective that way. Sherlock ran his arms around the doctor's neck, so it was easier for John to move him, deep inside delighted and amused by John's outburst. This way, John crossed the room and walked along the corridor to the bedroom with a firm step.
Setting the camp together was another game, since the tents provided by the school were pop-up models, so they only had to throw them in the air. Even Sherlock seemed to enjoy it, and John loved to see his husband running from group to group, helping the children to fix the tents to the ground, his cheeks blushing from the effort, the excitement, and the fresh air.
After them, Roy, Patrick, Daniel, and Andrew, stiffer than a stick, were also gawking at the interest they raised in people; they were used to being invisible to Londoners when lying, sleeping, eating, or walking through the streets of the city.
As a DI, Greg had only a goal: to solve as many crimes and possible and, doing this, to prevent further ones to be committed. And he had the intelligence of working with the freak without being jealous of him, like herself and Anderson, or try to compete or beat him. Greg, on the contrary, admired and respected the freak’s talents and seek his help in order to achieve his goal. So he was, in the end, the cleverest officer in the whole New Scotland Yard. And therefore, he truly deserved to be DI, though that would mean that they had to cope with (no, no, she had a new point of view) to work with Holm… Holm… Holmes! (she found really hard to use the freak’s surname. No, no the freak. Ufff! That was going to be hard).
He glanced sidelong at Everett, his lips red from the kiss, his pupils slightly dilated, just as he should have been. When their glances met, both of them burst into a silly chuckle.
"God, I hope if we have a son, he'll carry my genes," laughed Greg "can you imagine your son of five building cannons and your son of twelve designing military strategy games?"
His hips gave an involuntary thrust as Sherlock nibbled his ear lobe and lightly squeezed it between his lips, slowly pulling away so that it got pulled through the detective's lips, making John shiver and moan.
"No, I'm serious. You've been together for over ten years, and if there's one good thing about the way you behave, it's you're just like you are: obnoxious and insufferable, and nothing you could do is going to surprise John.
"Don't grunt" John got up and went over to Sherlock, hugging him and pulling him in, tucking his thigh between Sherlock's legs and making the detective shudder. "I'll give you a vision of the beach you haven't had before."
Lestrade looked at him, sad about how lonely, sad and desperate Mycroft must have felt. Mycroft was right. He and Sherlock were much more like each other than the detective liked to admit.
Greg pushed him into the white Rolls-Royce Phantom Mycroft chose for the wedding. If Sherlock wanted to be as inconspicuous as possible at the church's arrival, his brother achieved the opposite.
John raised his body anytime Sherlock arched his back, like in a sex dance, avoiding contact, making the detective burn with desire, to finally slide a third finger inside Sherlock, thrusting them inside and out, brushing against his prostate, the detective’s hips bucking off the bed while he grabbed the doctor's hair almost painfully.
“I’ll give Sherlock one more hour. Then I’ll have to issue an arrest warrant against him. I’m sorry, John, but I cannot do other than that since they are minors.
Anthea smiled and, without answering, climbed over the closet and pressed a switch hidden behind it. There was a small snap, and a trapdoor opened on the roof. She stood up on the wardrobe, jumped out, and beckoned her. Sally went out on the roof of the building and lay down beside her.
Sherlock glared him and closed his eyes, taking a deep breath. He had to calm down. He couldn't panic. He should protect Rosie.
"Gate to Uzbekistan, sir, he is just arrested there," one of their agents told Mycroft. Two seconds later, it was one of the Yard who warned Sherlock was being held at the gate for Beijing, and shortly afterward, a third reported he was at the Kabul gate.
Suddenly a phone rang, and, to everyone's astonishment, Sherlock stopped, put his hand in his tuxedo pocket, and picked it up. John frowned, while Mycroft shook his head in desperation, closing his eyes, and Greg watched him in disbelief.
"Oh, yes. Somehow it's a Pirate's book. Dread Pirate Roberts and so, remember?" he gave his voice a deep, hollow tone as he recited the passage from the book "
"I am an army doctor, which means I could break every bone in your body while naming them," replied as he approached Tony.
"With this note, she will give you all the information you ask for. Just try not to act like an asshole, Mycroft. Otherwise, she won't talk," Molly put the big envelope in Lestrade's hand, "Sherlock gave me this for you."
“My last boyfriend enjoyed skeet shooting. It was really boring to merely look at him while he shot, so I decided to learn.”
He ran to the lab. The others followed silently. He pressed several keys on a panel, and a simulation of the portal appeared floating between them.
Mycroft walked quickly to the bottom of the hangar, followed by the others. He opened the door of what looked like a warehouse, and they entered a room from which a corridor with several doors emerged. A tall, circumspect man was waiting for them, sitting on one of the room's chairs; when he saw them, he stood up and shook Mycroft's hand.
"And you believed them?" Sherlock looked at him with his eyes filled with tears. "Fuck, Mycroft! It's Serbia! She's four years old, and she is in London,  alone and defenseless! Don't you realize you've done just what they intended? How could you be so stupid?"
Sherlock bit his lower lip. He felt nervous. When he thought about asking it John, he was sure the doctor would say no. John, noticing it, smirked, got up, took his hand, and led them to the basement. They both slid down the bar to it.
John laughed, for the story and for Bart calling Mycroft by his first name. Even though he couldn't picture him as a child. In John's head, little Mycroft wore the same three-piece suit and umbrella and made the same gesture as he did now. Bart seemed to read his mind because he smiled.
He knew it was nonsense. He was an adult now and the kids were inoffensive. But, without John and with all of them staring at him, the pain, the loneliness, the suffering and the fear stiffed him as then.
He caught his lips, in a soft, tender kiss, and then brushed his nose gently against Sherlock's, who felt his heart melt, feeling loved, warm, safe and happy and, a fact that still surprised himself sometimes, reading the same in John's eyes.
"You are brilliant and amazing" John smiled, softly kissing Sherlock after every word "you are strong, generous and sensitive. You, Sherlock Holmes,  have a huge heart, big brain and are a resilient warrior. And, above all, the best boyfriend I could wish for."
It was a three-picture montage. One of them showed Sherlock in Serbia's cell, naked from the waist up and his arms chained to opposite walls of the small room. He was slumped forward, exhausted, and unable to support his own weight, his back covered by wounds from the repeated blows.
For all answer, Mycroft pulled out his cell phone. He searched for a file and opened several photos to Sherlock. They showed Lestrade with Donovan and Anderson at various crime scenes.
John smiled, remembering the first time he heard Sherlock said that and said what he would like to say then.
Before Sherlock could respond, a tall, somewhat chubby woman in her sixties appeared at the door and threw herself into the detective's arms in a burst of excitement.
"Give me a second," asked Sherlock, and, to the surprised gaze of those present, he run down the aisle towards the door and left the church when the man was waiting for him.
Sally watched him silently. That was not happening. She was ambitious, yes, but she would never have trotted Lestrade, wouldn’t she? In fact, she never had a chance. With Sherlock by his side solving crimes at full speed, Lestrade became untouchable and no Superintendent in his right mind would have dismissed him. Could her ambitions have overpassed her loyalty?
"Yes, love?" asked the doctor, pushing his tongue inside Sherlock hole as deep as he could, fucking him with his tongue, as Sherlock panting whines increased in volume.
Lestrade, who had remained watching the scene, threw himself on the floor and crawled under the table until he was in front of John's legs. On his knees, he unzipped the doctor's trousers, pulled them down, did the same with his pants, and released John's large throbbing cock, impressive even only half hard. Gluttonously, he took as much as he could inside his mouth. He choked when John, roaring in pleasure, thrust it inside the DI's mouth, so he moved away a bit. Greg closed his lips around the tip and sucked it, stroking the rest of the shaft up and down, him harder and harder.
“Next time you call him something different from his name or surname, you’ll earn a suspension.“ Assure Greg.
"It's strange. I don't remember a lot of the things Bart y Geena said about me while being a child, but, somehow, they echo inside me. They are familiar and unknown at the same time, and it's a bit bewildering".
He sighed, noticing how his stomach shrank at the thought of the coldness with which he had said goodbye. He feared this was the end of their relationship. Lestrade had never let him down, until now. The DI was going to break up with him. There was no other explanation.
"Goodbye, my madman. You've saved my life literally and metaphorically more times than I can count. I owe you so much… It's my turn to return you the favor."
Sherlock rose his head slowly, looking at John’s blue eyes. The doctor nodded, reassuringly and offered his hand. The detective grabbed it and stood painstakingly.
"Come on, don't grumble, I'm sure it's not the first time you have a soldier stuck behind" Luke scoffed.
"Oh, gddddddddd I'm………fuck I'm," and Sherlock came again for the third time, as the others kept on licking and pinching his nipples. John came hard on Sherlock's cock. The two officers that stopped for a bit sucking Sherlock's cock threw themselves to lick John's cum from it, sucking him hard and fast, making the detective growl and beg, writhing madly, as Donovan thrusts grew deeper and harder inside Sherlock, the officers and Lestrade stroke themselves, hypnotized by the vision of the sergeant fucking the detective.
"Come on, Sherlock," grunted Mycroft, trying to grab his brother's arm, but the detective easily got rid of him. "God, look at you. I told you hundreds of times. Caring is not an advantage and love…"
Later, when the kids started complaining about being thirsty, Sherlock, left Rosie and Sarah in charge of them (they both were the Colonels now, which seemed to please Sarah to unimaginable levels) and went out from the dolmen, looking for a nearby stream that appeared in the map.
His hands returned to his ears. Sherlock bent over John, gave him a soft kiss on the lips, and licked his right ear. John chuckled and tried to move away from the ticklish sensation, but Sherlock kept doing it. John moaned softly, sensing the detective's hot breathing while the tip of his tongue nicely rubbing his ear.
They ate, chatting and laughing and, when they were finishing, the doorbell rang. It was Angelo, who brought a three chocolate cake that reproduced Sherlock's violin.
Sherlock nodded firmly. He needed feeling John, his John, to definitely erase Moran from his memory.
"John would never forgive me for not taking care of you," he threw a heavy backpack at him, which Sherlock picked up in the air.
And if someone with Sherlock's verbal incontinence learned to keep his mouth shut waiting for information from his confidant, it was clear that Mycroft could do it.
"The only thing I had when I came back," he mused and saw a strange gleam in Holmes' eyes, full of sadness and anger. Hope, that's what shone. Ross inhaled deeply. He was increasingly fond of this Watson.
As John used to be the one who teased Sherlock's body when they made love, the sensation was overwhelming and exciting. He squirmed as the detective continuing his journey of kissing, nibbling, and little licking towards his abdomen, his muscles contracting under the detective's touch.
"He wanted to hit me" was the only explanation he got from a jaded Mycroft. "He had no right to ask me for explanations."
The detective, exhausted, looked at him, his gaze followed John's and gasped, trying to move away from the table.
I had been studying hard for my final exams. Two more and I’d achieve both degrees. He told me that I needed a rest and that he had rented a cottage for the weekend, so we could disconnect from everything, rest and have time for us. I accepted and we went there. The place was beautiful and isolated. Perfect for a romantic weekend. I was overwhelmed about how he cared for me. I didn’t know then that, since the beginning, he was just throwing the bait, a bait that I, like a complete idiot, swallowed all the way down.
"Is something wrong with Mr. Holmes?" Peter whispered to John. The doctor turned and saw Sherlock sitting in a high chair, eyes closed, fingers stapled under his chin.
The ghosts of John and Sherlock's past spun slowly and began to fade while Everett and Thor continued to fight their own.
Suddenly, one of the walls, riddled with bullets, fell to the ground with a whimper. Through the dust cloud appeared Bill, helping Luke to walk, after them Jonas and Patrick. Finally, John leaning on Sherlock, limping ostensibly, his right arm resting against his chest. The five of them closed their eyes and covered them with their hands; the sunlight blinding and painful after the time locked the cabin.
"Fuck, Sherlock," groaned the doctor, panting hard, as Sherlock embraced him in the water, chuckled, and kissed him eagerly, embracing him, his hard cock rubbing against John's stomach.
“I know a great one” Lestrade looked at both sides of the street. ”It would be nice to have now that ability that Sherlock Holmes has to make taxi appear out of nowhere.”
Sherlock clenched his teeth, trying to run even faster, though his body started feeling weary. He should eat more, he told himself, before turning back to shot one of the zombies that had almost reached him and run into the hospital.
Sherlock complied and speechless, looked at the dark starry sky above them visible through the glass ceiling, stars glowing over them in that clear night of November.
"I'm... I'm sorry, John, but... I couldn't lose it," muttered Sherlock, regretfully, his face buried in John's neck. "When they kidnapped me, they searched me and took my wallet. I didn't realise until I was back at home. I couldn't lose Rosie's drawing".
Sherlock opened his mouth to answer, but before he could do so, John stepped forward and stood between the two brothers.
The girl nodded, excited, and John pressed his lips, glaring at the detective, who blatantly ignored him. Lestrade chuckled. It was not the first time he almost had to skin her daughter's hands to remove the remains of that marker.
"Luckily, Holmes is not the funniest man in the world," teased Donovan, and John poked his tongue out to her.
"Okay, your parents are going to let you adopt a puppy, right?" Rosie nodded, excited. She was looking forward to her birthday to do it. "So imagine you go to the kennel and you find the dog you've always wished: handsome, intelligent, sexy..."
"Do you truly think I would entrust my back only to those hideous creatures? They are useful but their brains, ugh, their brains got a bit… putrid. So…" he turned his upper body towards the helicopter and raised his voice, talking like a TV quiz show speaker. "Let me introduce my new friends, theeeeeeeee ghouls."
"From the NSY warehouse. It was requisitioned from a taxi driver who was carrying drugs instead of passengers. I thought it would be better than bringing my own, and a patrol car would alarm them."
"And you aren't so smart as you think. We know John is fucking you, though I cannot understand yet how he chose you," he forensic retorted.
"Nope, it's our wedding, remember? We have to follow the tradition," mocked the doctor, walking out of the room.
"I can't lose him, Mycroft," gasped the detective, broken, his voice weak and quivering," I can't lose John."
The others tensed at the arrival of a cab at the door of the warehouse. Lestrade look at the two figures that got out of the vehicle, trying to see something different in them.
“But he is a fiction ….” Words froze in her throat when he saw Anderson entering the restaurant and approaching her.
"Mummy, Mycroft is driving John crazy with the wedding," complained the detective as soon as he heard the receiver pick up the phone.
The doctor invited Lestrade to approach them with a gesture. The DI quickly stripped himself and sat on the bed on the opposite side to John. Sherlock's body tensed a bit, feeling his proximity.
"They are surrounding them!" he shouted, opening the truck door, letting dust and sand run into the cabin "Move, move, move!".
"He stayed upstairs. Lestrade was coming down with us, but at the last moment, he decided to go back with him".
"Oh, God," muttered Sherlock, about to come at the sight of John's red pants. The doctor smiled, mischievous, his hands grabbing Sherlock's arse, their hard cocks inches from each other, feeling each other's heat, and each other's desire.
"We have to get going. We are going three months back in time," ordered Stephen " John, you should stay here in case we need to replace Ross. Clint and Peter will be here with you. The rest of us are leaving."
"He said you showed a goofy smile every time you saw me" Mycroft smiled between tears and Lestrade chuckled, "and so until you asked me for a date after we helped Sherlock to dig Emelia's Ricoletti grave. When we started dating, I was scared to dead also to lose you, this is why I watched you, and the CCTV followed you wherever you went until you menaced me".
Suddenly a shrieking sound pierced their ears, and something came over them from nowhere. Thor threw Stormbreak towards the sound site. The axe struck it, and something fell to the ground in front of them.
"Granted," he promised, smiling to himself, because of how wonderful were now Sherlock's kisses, and the guilt vanished from his eyes. But John wouldn't change that first kiss for anything.
The girl frowned and threw herself after Sherlock, who, feigning panic and crying out for help, ran out of the room.
A month? No, no, no. It was yesterday when Zoltar… or wasn’t it? She started panicking. Something went wrong, really wrong. She took a deep breath, trying to calm herself.
The pathologist rang the doorbell, trying to show a calm she was far from feeling. The seconds until the door opened felt like centuries. A woman in a nurse's uniform appeared on the other side of the door.
Cutting zombies heads as he ran, Sherlock approached where John was fighting the last demons, One of the zombies jumped over him, and both fell and rolled by the floor. The zombie straddle on Sherlock, opening his mouth, trying to reach the detectives jugular. Sherlock pushed the demon's head back, try to get away from his teeth, but the creature was surprisingly strong, and Sherlock could feel his foul breath in his nose. Blindly and terrified, his hand looked for something to defend himself and found the katana. With a rapid movement, the sleuth cut the zombie's head, grimacing when his blood fell onto his face.
They moved to another room where the surveillance system was set, with cameras that allowed them to see what was happening in each castle's room.
"But you know the Holmes. Three seconds later, Mycroft stood and left my office, saying that I have to talk with Sherlock. I think it was the first time I saw him embarrassed. Only a bit, but embarrassed".
"I know this looks dead. But we don't know what's under there. If you die, you won't be able to help John. And I'd hate to be the one to have to explain to Three Containers Watson his husband was shot in the head for letting him run around Afghanistan like in a wedding hall."
The van sped through the streets of London. It was getting dark, and there were few vehicles left to go to the outskirts like them. Sherlock had an hour's drive ahead of him. There were few Mets cars to be seen, and he was sure that the black van, one of many in London, would go completely unnoticed.
The detective produced a tube of lube from the couch, poured it on his hand, and ran his fingers from the bottom to the top of both cocks. John moaned and put his hand on Sherlock's, but the detective moved it again where it was.
Sherlock did not answer. He wasn't worried about the jump in time. He feared going back to John's wedding day. To all that suffering and despair, to the pain of knowing he lost John forever. He was terrified that, somehow, that line of space and time would come around the course and make the last three months, the happiest time of his life, vanished like a dream. He couldn't go back to the dark solitude that was his only companion until he met John, to the obscurity that he only achieved to dispel by getting high. He couldn't go back to hell after touching the heaving with John.
"It's a property of the surface of a liquid that allows it to resist an external force due to the cohesive nature of the water molecules." answered the girl, as casually as if she were answering her favorite color.
"The best were those days when Sherlock placed the jar full of eyeballs on the kitchen table, all of them looking at the fireplace, and waited to see if you caught the clue" replied Mrs Hudson, amused, winkling to a gaping Molly. The echo of Anthea's laughter sounded inside the fireplace tube.
"That I would like to tie you up. Don't worry. I will not take your… virtue," John chuckled, shaking his head, "and sit on your cock.
Children loved it, but as Molly told them when she organized it for her older daughter’s class, it was a living hell: forty-eight endless hours looking after fifteen wild children, entertaining them, taking care of them, cooking for them, ensure they were comfortable and cozy when (thank God!) they finally went to sleep in the tents… Even the sweet Molly Hooper felt tempted to strangle some of them before the weekend ended.
John took time to look at the people around them, and he was able to recognize Mrs. Hudson (the landlady never ceased to amaze him. What the hell was she doing in a stag party?), and people who Sherlock and he helped along with their cases. There were also people he didn't know, probably from cases solved by Sherlock before meeting him, like Angelo, who had prepared the catering for the night. John shook his head, looking at Sherlock, a bit disconcerted.
She sat down and sighed, discouraged. Someone had left on her desk some newspapers front pages. All of them showed pictures of her running away from the press conference, along with headlines about how the inability of the ID to stop the serial killer was increasing the defencelessness of Londoners.
"Do what he says, jump to your feet, and let yourself be done," ordered he in his Captain's voice, with a certain mocking leave.
She looked radiant. She, like Molly, had been appointed by Rosie to be her bridesmaids. When the girl told her friend Sarah her parents would get married, she asked her who the bridesmaids would be. As soon as Rosie came back home, she stood in front of the armchair, where John was updating his blog and threw the bomb.
"From time to time, the universe opens interdimensional portals. They are random. No one knows where they lead. If you are in the place where the portal opens, you slide through it."
And he left the room, leaving an angry and flushed Donovan behind him. How was it possible that John Watson had become even more hideous than Holmes himself?
John laughed and started the kettle, looking around. He felt a certain uneasiness, but he didn't know why. As Peter moved through the living room, screaming, ecstatic every time he recognized an object, John walked through the bedroom, the kitchen, and slowly upstairs to his old room. They were empty, but his instinct put him on guard. Why?"
"Can Milo sleep in our bed?" asked Sherlock a bit later, as the three of them approached to one of Mycroft's car, followed by the two dogs, happily trotting with them.
"Leave him alone," intervened Sherlock, "There's no point in looking for blame. You have to look for solutions."
"I wanted to compensate you for every birthday you didn't celebrate. For every time you think it wasn't worthy of honoring the day you were born".
"No, but I can count on the contacts we have in France. And don't ask," he concluded, reading the question in the DI's eyes. He grabbed a piece of paper from the bottom of one of the boots, took a look at it, and put it in his pocket.
"No, I'm not. I'm bi. And stupid. Because only a fool would hide he is in love with this crazy, romantic genius, capable of making a fool of himself and letting him being insulted for defending me".
"Is Rosie going to throw rose petals while Sherlock enters the Wedding March rhythm?" mocked Greg, trying to cheer them up.
The doctor stood up. He was devastated. He took a couple of steps towards Sherlock and stopped, hesitating. Finally, he approached Sherlock, looking directly at the detective's eyes. And where Sherlock waited to see contempt, rejection and revulsion, he only found love, care and understanding. And fury, but not directed to him. A fury so big that made the doctor tremble.
"God, I love your arse, your obscenely perfect, lustful and endlessly fuckable arse," he whispered, dying to bury his cock on it. "I could be fucking you the whole day."
Lestrade didn't answer. He didn't want to say it out loud. He forced Mycroft to take a sedative and collapsed on one of the seats, sobbing quietly, letting out all the pain inside.
Better said, given the detective's recklessness and utter lack of self-protection, he feared one of his cases would end up in the worst possible scenario. But none of them ended with Sherlock jumping off Bart's roof in front of John's eyes, after confessing that he created Moriarty, that all was a trick, that nobody could be that smart.
Anderson grabbed Sherlock's cock and gave it a soft stroke. The detective whined and twisted, his mind advising him to move away from the forensic's hands, his body surrendering to the touch. The forensic smirked and moved next Sherlock's head, as John got near Sherlock's legs.
Holmes valued his privacy, though in all the years of their friendship, he didn’t tend to keep secrets -- not for long, at any rate. Not from Watson. Anything he found here that might tell him about Holmes’s purported business away would only be what he’d hear directly from Holmes later. It was a violation, yes, but it was, perhaps, the only thing that stood a chance of quelling the havoc in Watson’s imagination and nerves alike. If Watson’s snooping upset Holmes, then that was a battle for the future. For now, he needed to know.
We stand and stare at each other, the sound of our slightly elevated breathing filling this tiny room where we stand.  I’m unclear what he wants to happen here. The moment is heavy, the air thick--both of our uncertainty hanging between us.  John speaks first.
“But there’s a lot of speculation,”  Danny speaks up. “I’m sure you can imagine.  No one really knows—has
“Yes,” I say, placing my hand on the nape of his neck, fingers drifting through his fine grey hair.  He glances at me, smiling, before returning his eyes to the winding road. “Perhaps—” I’ve hesitated to suggest this, knowing full well that John will not agree.  We’ve only just found this new confidence in what we’ve become to one another, and I don’t want to risk damaging that. But logistically, I have thought it through—and I think our next move is clear.  “Perhaps it’s time we let Hal believe that he can have me.”
I wake up in a bit of a daze, face tucked beneath John’s chin.   Must have drifted off quickly. I press my lips to his skin before rolling over, squinting against the sun that still shines through the windows in our room.  I had heard the tell-tale ping of my mobile—I’m certain that’s what woke me. Leaning over the side of the bed, I dig it out of my jeans pocket. One new text message from the very same number that had welcomed us to California one week ago.
We decide to make homemade pizzas for dinner.  A far cry from our usual cuisine of choice, but Molly and Lestrade will be thrilled that we’re not forcing anything pretentious on them, and Mrs. Hudson has never turned down Italian.  We’re lacking a few ingredients so John offers to run to the shops for supplies. I again get a flutter of panic in my chest, thinking about hidden dangers waiting to snatch him away from me, but we have to part at some point.  I don’t argue.
John looks over at me, grinning.  “You’re dying to know. Go ahead, then.”  Oh, John. I return the grin.
“We need a story,” I say to the ceiling, my eyes tracing a wooden beam.  I hear John close his book.
His heart pounds out a frenzied beat against his breastbone, breaths heavy and nerves frayed—still, his legs carry him forward.  They carry him, without protest, home.
We stand under the torrid stream of water, steam rising on all sides of our very naked bodies.  This is the first time we’ve showered together--now I wonder what on Earth we were waiting for. It’s lovely.  I reach for my shampoo, lather it on my hands. Instead of running it through my own wet mop of curls, I slide my fingers through John’s soft mane from where I stand behind him.  He sighs as I work it into his scalp, his muscles relaxing, all tension seeping out of his body and down the drain.
—certainly never knew my brother before he became what he is today.  He’s warmer, now. Still completely insufferable, but Lestrade has thawed him, a bit.  Right on cue, his smug face enters the screen, Lestrade back by his side.
“Heading to bed,”  Harry mumbles a few minutes later, slowly rising and reaching for her crutches.  “Thought I was up for another episode of Ab Fab but I’m crashing right quick,”  All they’ve done all day is watch Ab Fab in these very chairs.  “Christ, it’s nearly midnight.”
“But—”  He clears his throat, eyes a bit wet.  “For that long?” God, he really never knew.  I suppose it helps to explain his harsh reaction when I’d finally told him.  Yes, for that long. Obviously, for that long. He’s had my heart from the beginning—there was something about him from the start.  But it had grown, over time.
I think, as I look steadily back at him.  He understands why I’m constantly surprised by the situations I find myself in now.  We grew up feeling certain that this sort of thing was not for us. That we could never have this.  And we never did. When John first entered my life and wrapped his roots around my heart, Mycroft could hardly believe it—and neither of us could have ever guessed it would evolve into this.  I wish that he could have found someone who really sees him. I wonder if he’s ever come close. Perhaps it’s not too late.
“Sherlock—things are good, yeah?  They seem to be good,” She peers down at me, waiting expectantly for a response.  I watch her for a moment. She actually wants to know.
“John,”  Reluctantly tearing his eyes away from where Rosie and Sherlock are clutching each other's arms and laughing at the bottom of their new—still rather novel—slide, John turns to meet Molly’s inquiring gaze.  “A word?”  She nods toward the French doors that lead to the back garden.
John’s heart stops, breath caught in his throat, his thumbs tremble where they hover over the keypad as the three little dots appear once again.  They taunt him as the moment drags on for five seconds, ten—
“Johnny,”  She shoots back.  He looks away, staring at the opposite wall.  “It’s a bad one.  I can see that.  Tell me.”
This isn’t the first time John has come home to find Sherlock lying like a corpse on their sitting room floor.  The flat is unsettlingly dark, but a few stray curls are visible at one end of their dinged-up, overflowing coffee table and two long legs poke out the other end.
“I never remember them,” John has crawled back into bed.  Pulls me over to nestle against his side, hand going straight up to card through my curls.  Comforting.
“She chose you to introduce us to Hal—to be our first link to the case she brought us here to solve.  Clearly she trusts you,” I let John speak—he’s always been undeniably better at this—questioning those involved with a case.  I tend to turn even the most informal conversation into an interrogation with little effort. He’s well practiced at gaining data without losing trust.
“I’d say so, yes,”  He rolls toward me, tugs at my arm until we’re lying face to face.  Slides his hand around my waist to rest on my back.
John has lived here at Baker Street for over a year now.  Sherlock is very much a part of his life—the centre of it, some may say—and John has accepted that.  He’s happy with it.  Happier than he’d thought himself capable of, in what was shaping up to be the most glum and colourless season of his life.  Content even, though it’s taken him longer than it should have to accept it.  He’s stopped dating, finally.  Stopped kidding himself.  Whatever this is that he’s found with Sherlock isn’t something he’ll be trading for a charming wife and a white picket fence.
“You shouldn’t have to.  You should be able to tell me anything.  You’re still my best friend, Sherlock, and I shouldn’t have let it get to this point.  It’s just that I—you know that I’m—” He stops himself, meets my eyes again. Lets out a long exhale.  “I can’t.”
“I killed him,”  He says, watching my face carefully.  “I shot him in the head,” I can only stare, trying hopelessly to digest this statement.
John clearly hasn’t thought this through to the end.  As much as he’s been imagining this moment, he hadn’t considered the possibility that he’d get no response whatsoever.  He’d expected an easy, if not especially enthusiastic,
They’ve installed a headstone and everything.  An offensive amount of paperwork and a bloody poorly-attended funeral.  Not to mention that impeccably orchestrated but absolutely foolhardy jump.  Overall, a ridiculously elaborate scheme to save the mundane lives of three ordinary people.  If Mycroft had a bit more backbone when it comes to his brother, he’d have shut it down immediately.  But he’s seen what this stalwart soldier has brought to Sherlock’s chaotic and rather solitary life.  Structure, security, affection.  Mycroft may disapprove of such sentimental concepts, but he could not watch his brother fall back into the trappings of drugs and a tepid, lonely existence.  The two of them are different in that regard—Sherlock needs
“Maybe, yeah—”  This theory of Mycroft’s is starting to seem almost likely—Greg had been beyond shocked to hear that Sherlock had taken his own life.  The man had never given a toss about what the general public thought of him, and certainly wouldn’t have killed himself over a bad reputation.  But if someone was threatening John…He fishes his mobile out of the sea of papers on his desk.  “I’m calling him.  All right?”  John sighs, nods.  Greg finds the entry in his contacts titled The Other Holmes and for the first time since Sherlock’s drugs phase, he hits
--cut around the lid, one small segment at a time.  Now we watch from above, waiting with bated breath.
His own feelings aside—when had this become an option for them?  Sherlock has certainly never shown the slightest bit of interest in pursuing a romantic entanglement with John, or with anyone else.  Ever.  They’ve gotten closer in the last month, sure—physically, even.  Sherlock prefers to be near him, to feel his presence, he knows that now.  It’s reassuring for him, probably, after being alone for so long.  That’s how it feels to John.
The trap door in the closet and silo basement below are based on an old house I lived in when I was 20 that had that exact set up.  It was creepy as hell.  No bodies, though.
I drop my luggage on the floor in the tiny bedroom, too exhausted to deal with it just yet.  Pull off my jacket and toss it on the pile. Kick off my shoes and lie back on the bed. The windows are open, a light breeze blowing cool air into the room.  I ponder the journey we’ve just taken. So far from home, so out of our element. What will come next? I think of John, following me here blindly. Willing to put his life on hold for this.  Will it be worth it? What’s in it for him, really? Financial gain, I suppose. But I know that isn’t why he’s here.
It’s been seventeen days, and he’s still here.  Sherlock intends to do what it takes to keep it that way.
“Yeah?” He’s been watching me.  Observing my spiraling thoughts, my furrowed brow, as I contemplate my next words.
“Mm, not sure.  Flash drives, really?  Sounds like the plot to one of your witless mystery novels.” I smirk and glance at him without turning my head.
“What do you think about having our friends over for dinner tonight?”  John asks as we sit in our chairs, sipping coffee and each browsing a section of the paper.  I look up at him, wondering what on Earth brought on this idea. He narrows his eyes at me. “In two days we’ll be announcing publicly that we’re an item.  Amongst other things. I think we should tell the people we actually like, first,” Ah. Yes, I suppose we really should.
on the sixth.  Each time since has been met with an exasperated eye roll.  I know that he’s right. Henry doesn’t strike me as the most skillful actor, and if Hal suspects even slightly that he failed at spiking our coffee, he may be in serious trouble.  And so, here we are—waltzing through the doors of the nearly empty bar on a Monday evening.
And seeing them captured in this moment, I believe I understand.  Isla brought a certain warmth to her decidedly austere life. Filled her world with colour—something I’ve experienced myself.
John isn’t quite sure what to say to that.  He can think of two very good reasons to stay—two reasons who love him more than anything and want him around.  Two
“She’s the reason we’re here,”  John sits up straight on his velvet throne, crossing his legs, ankle to knee.  “Asked for our help, but hasn’t been telling us the whole story. Hoped you might have some insight.”
I’m pulled from my memories when a tiny piece of dumpling hits me in the cheek.  Rosie giggles, and she and John share a familiar grin. I know that look. They’d been trying to get my attention while I was far away, mind stuck deep in the past.  I raise my eyebrows—really, I’m still regularly surprised that I’ve managed to find people who actually want my attention. I’d spent thirty-four years of my life feeling certain that I could never have this.
Carefully, gradually, Sherlock shifts, rolls onto his side toward John until they’re facing one another, until he can drape an arm loosely around John’s waist, palm resting lightly against his jumper-clad back.  John moves with him, adjusts automatically until he’s burrowed into Sherlock, face pressed into his chest, nose coming to rest against one sharp collarbone.  He exhales slowly, a contented sound.  Comfortable, Sherlock hopes.
you’d return at all.  I thought of how it would feel to let you go without telling you that I didn’t mean it.  That you didn’t ruin everything. You didn’t even do anything wrong. And I needed to set aside my own frustrations and make sure you knew that,”  An overwhelming ache in my chest, hearing him speak like this. I didn’t think that we could get back to this place. It took us years—and many shared traumatic experiences—to figure out how to speak openly with one another.  I thought that I had thrown it all away with five little words. “I made that mistake once—let you go without telling you what you meant to me. I learned the hard way that I need you in my life,” My heart sinks, a bit. Right.  I jumped out of his life for over two years. Left him behind with no answers, no explanation.
At John’s insistence, we stop at a diner for lunch.  I don’t eat, can’t stomach it now. Knee bouncing, knuckles rapping against the laminate tabletop.  A temporary dead end, a momentary lull. Nothing to do but wait. Hateful.
He says, eyebrows raised.  “Well, it’s about time,” I roll my eyes.  I wonder what sort of bet they had going about the supposed inevitability of John and I ending up here.  They’ve both made many little comments over the years, knowing full well how I feel about him. It was obvious to everyone but John.  The fact that
And John is fairly certain that he’s never felt so content in his life.  He runs his palms slowly up Sherlock’s back, learning the lines of his body, tracing long scars draped over soft skin—reminders of a time when he couldn’t be there, couldn’t save him.  But he’s here now—always will be, if he can help it.
Caught me a bit off guard with that one.  I furrow my brow, unsure how to proceed. Perhaps this is how it is now.  Constantly haunted by the woes of our past. Thrown for a loop by an offhand comment here, an innocent question there--John interrupts this melancholy train of thought by sliding over and leaning against my side.  Drops his head to my shoulder.
The mattress shifts as John lies down beside me.  His lips on mine, his tongue, his warm breath. I roll on my side to face him and we move toward one another as if propelled by some force outside of ourselves.  Or inside, perhaps. A better metaphor:
My mind is reeling, body buzzing, as I try to sort through all that I feel.  Overwhelmed and overflowing. Deeply in love with this perfect man. My perfect match.  I let my mind spin out, committing each moment to memory, never to be forgotten—as I sink slowly into a haze of blissful contentment.
“I’m sorry,”  John blurts, before he can stop himself.  He can’t have this conversation again, especially not now that his defenses have crumbled—not now that he’s experienced a version of Sherlock that is comfortable being close to him.  It was too painful the first time they’d gone through it, and it had taken John nearly a year to get back to this point—for things to be
The aquarium at the zoo is not the one where all the shit went down, but I'm assuming that all aquariums are going to be traumatic for them and avoided at all costs.  Also, the London Zoo aquarium closed in 2019 but I think within this timeline it should still have existed at this point (summer of 2018?  Maybe?  Not going to pretend I in any way understood the timeline of the show or care enough to research it and do the math.)
on an empty stomach, and he’d followed him without question into whatever uncharted realm he’d been trying to reach.  They’d sat there and giggled together as he deduced half the pub, and John had watched as Sherlock gradually succumbed to the effects of alcohol, swaying closer, smiling easier, and he’d felt the same effects mirrored in himself.  It had been lovely.  They’d never done that before, gotten a bit pissed together just for fun.  Ta, Anderson.  His relentless attempts to get back in their good graces since Sherlock’s return ended up resulting in a genuinely amusing night.
John is watching me from a few yards away, amused.  He’s leaning against a tabletop—arms crossed, ankles too.  We’re on the third floor of the Yard, waiting for Lestrade to wrap up.  Apparently we need to sign something or some other such nonsense. It’s nearly eleven, and the entire floor appears to be deserted, save for Lestrade, who’s puttering about in his office.
, infiltrate my nose.  Lips on my temple, now.  “Good morning,” A whisper.  I turn toward his voice and pull the duvet over our heads.  He laughs. Tucks himself under my arm and nestles against my chest—hand on my heart, lips wet against my neck.  He mouths the sensitive skin there, glides his tongue across my tingling flesh. I shiver, snake my arm around, down and grab a handful of his arse—pull our bodies flush together and smile when he gasps.
“This is all very illuminating, but can we get some face time with our suspect before my brother sends him off into the ether?”
“I do know that,” There’s no humour in Sherlock’s tone.  He means only to reassure, to comfort.  John opens his eyes.
."  Mycroft pins me with his gaze.  Studies my face, sees something there.  Likely the staggering emotion I’ve long since forgotten how to suppress.  He pauses, breathes in, out. "Sherlock..." He hesitates. Smooths imaginary wrinkles from his jacket.  I narrow my eyes. What? What, Mycroft? "John can be found in Regent's Park after his shift at the clinic most days.  Find him there. Find him sooner, rather than later, I think." I stare back at him. See a flicker of unease in his eyes.  Unsure what to make of this, I nod slowly. Look around.
The frequency of the attacks did not increase much over the next four days, but the intensity and the results of them changed quite notably. He’d accepted their latest case and effectively turned the entire thing over to Watson for the sole purpose of keeping him occupied, to avoid him seeing the buds and blossoms he retched into his handkerchief, the increasingly reduced distance he could walk before having to stop for breath. It was dubiously banal, and Watson had raised a brow when Holmes agreed to search for the serial burglar of Galway Manor, but Holmes wagered he might care more to keep him from lethargy than to criticize his choices of diversion.
we’ve done together, how can you think for a moment that I would not do anything to help you, to protect you? How can you think that I don’t need you?”
“Watson,” Holmes said to him one afternoon, carpetbag in hand, “I’m afraid my recent business has called me away, I don’t know for how long.”
When he looked at Holmes again, it was as though his every thought was there, written plainly on his face. Relief, yes, but also joy, affection, a tinge of regret, as freely displayed as he was ever wont to do, done so because he wanted Watson to see it, the wire reconnected.
“It isn’t,” said Watson. “Not here. And moreover, it’s not true.” He could feel the heat rising up to his ears as his tone shifted into something furiously desperate. “You’re mad -- you’re
“Oh, Watson, please,” replied Holmes, exasperated. “Don’t insult me. You love me, yes. You love me as you might love a brother, as an old friend. You love me because that is who you are. Knowing that love has been the greatest--” Another cough interrupted him, another flower pulled from his throat and tossed to the floor. He leaned back and sighed. “It is enough, John. It’s enough.”
The crease between Holmes’s brows deepened as he closed his eyes again, breathing in quiet, shallow gasps.
Holmes’s frown deepened. “Unreturned affection,” he echoed, unable to keep the skepticism from his voice.
Holmes gave an almost imperceptible nod, and the next moment Mycroft was closing the door behind him.
Involving Mycroft was, as always, more of a necessity than a willing choice, or even a polite formality. But, as the nearest surviving relative, there were some matters which unavoidably called for his participation, and other matters still which called more for his permeating influence. The one consolation was that of all the people Holmes might inform of his foreordination, Mycroft was least given to displays of pity. The conversation would be grounded in pragmatism and, God willing, exceedingly brief.
He felt raw and depleted himself, but Watson willed the tension in his shoulders away, letting his focus settle on their intertwined hands. He looked out over the rest of the room, taking it in as he realized he hadn’t done since he arrived. This was, it seemed, what another miracle looked like: a too-small cottage with floorboards covered in mutilated petals, the sharp smell of roses and blood lingering in the stagnant air, and Sherlock Holmes beside him, alive, breathing. It looked like their palms pressed together; it looked like the kiss he never dreamt they would share. They’d both been given this second second chance -- for his part, Watson decided, he intended to spend every moment of it demonstrating exactly how much Holmes was loved. If the struggle to convince him he could be loved at all was any indication, it would be an undertaking. But, Watson thought with a small smile, there were certainly far worse ways to spend a lifetime.
Had Holmes been blackmailed? After confronting so many of such fiends, it seemed inconceivable that he would have ever bent to one, let alone to such an extreme. It must be related to his illness; but why, then, would he prefer to suffer with it, to let it
Holmes’s thoughts were interrupted by another bout of coughing which forced him up from his chair, past Watson and his worried protestations, and into his room with the door shut soundly behind him. He coughed up two, three, four more petals and sat on the floor beside his bed, head in his hands, to catch his breath and compose himself. He braced for the inevitable gentle rapping at his door. In moments, there was Watson, predictable in all the best ways.
“Mr. Holmes!” the doctor exclaimed, approaching with a hand extended. “To what do I owe this magnificent pleasure? I have to say, I didn’t expect to ever see you again! You couldn’t have come at a better time -- I just received the most fascinating donation from the college: a human skull nearly twice as thick as yours or mine! You’re more than welcome to take a look!”
Holmes picked himself up, secreting the flowers into his handkerchief, and took a seat at Mycroft’s desk. Watson would forgive him, he thought as he pulled the papers from the envelope and spread them out before himself. He would forgive him if it took years or if it only took a day. He would forgive him for an indiscrete heart, if not for allowing it to bring about his own end. He would forgive him because he was John Watson. That was something Holmes was confident he’d never deserved.
“You don’t love me,” Holmes said, holding his gaze at last. The corners of his mouth turned up in his familiar, affectionate half smile, as if reminding Watson of something he should have well known by now. “You are a doctor,” he explained, “trying in vain to save his patient. You are a friend, an excellent friend, trying to spare his companion a dire fate, by any means necessary.” He placed a shaky hand on top of Watson’s, letting his head fall back to the wall. “But you do not love me.”
His words were cut off by another bout, which sent him doubling over the edge of the settee, catching another red petal in his hand. He stared at it, unwilling to meet Barbary’s eyes. If he’d struggled to formulate a question about it, he expected this would do instead.
Looking out from his cab at the passing dusty alleys of the outskirts of London, he attempted to sort through the rapidly multiplying thoughts crowding his mind. The facts were thus: first, he was dying. Without having sought an expert opinion, if such a thing existed, and judging only by the acceleration of his symptoms and the growth of the flowers themselves, he gave himself a week at best. Second, he had faced his mortality before, more than once, though never so reluctantly as this. It had less to do with the unexpectedness of it, despite the other occasions being indeed a bit more foreseen, and significantly more to do with the absolute, utter pointlessness. It was neither an end he’d asked for, nor an end that accomplished anything. That alone decreased the appeal considerably. And third, if he didn’t use the meager time he had before he was too strangled to act, he would forfeit his ability to choose those few circumstances of his death which he
Maybe this was what he deserved for so many years of carrying this unyielding secret affection, for never speaking it aloud, perhaps for possessing it at all. Maybe it was a consequence of ingratitude for the miracle of Holmes’s resurrection, for believing in the safety of some perceived improbability that this could recur, as if death could be quantified and anticipated to any calculable degree. Or maybe Watson had simply failed him, as a friend, that after all this time Holmes still could not trust him.
As much as it was Sherlock Holmes’s specialty to know things -- sweepingly extensive, broadly ranging things, the pattern of which could never be identified because the pattern was simply whatever needed to be known at the time of relevance -- it was every bit as much his specialty to
“All right?” the doctor asked, closing the door of the flat behind him and tucking his scarf into his coat. His eyes fixed momentarily on the leaf, which Holmes immediately released to the breeze.
Watson drew his brows together in disbelief, searching Holmes’s face for some hint of irony, finding only the dark circles and deepening lines of a hopelessly tired man.
The thought had barely been spoken when Watson buried his fingers again in Holmes’s shirt and pulled him close. He hesitated, inches from Holmes’s lips, and shut his eyes against the warmth of his breath, the brush of their noses.
“I was just going to send for you if you hadn’t come.” Mycroft fished in his breast pocket and withdrew a slip of paper. “You will find my brother at this address,” he said.
When Holmes finally drew back, he pressed their foreheads together with a contented sigh. Watson threaded his fingers between Holmes’s as they separated and sat back, side by side against the wall. Holmes’s breathing came slowly, evenly, and he closed his eyes for the first peaceful moment he must have had in weeks.
“But you do know me,” Watson said quietly, an unexpected rise of emotion stinging at his eyes. “Better than anyone. Better than anyone I’ve ever known or will know again. I don’t
Perhaps he himself did not merit another second chance, Watson decided, but Sherlock Holmes must. If grace saw fit to bestow another miracle, if he dared to hope for such a thing, this time, he would not waste it.
But Watson had been a doctor for too long to ignore the way this cough rattled deep in Holmes’s chest, the way it choked him until his face was red and his eyes ran with tears. He was short of breath, but there was a notable lack of nasal congestion. The rare times he’d gotten Holmes to speak to him over the past few days, his voice was hoarse and frail, and he was only getting worse.
“I would consider it a great favor to have your--” Holmes began, but stopped to clear the scratching in his throat, turning away again until the coughing ceased. In his hand lay a deep red petal, wilting and slick with saliva. He shoved it hastily into his pocket. “--To have your opinion on a somewhat personal matter.”
to Bohemian Grove.  You’ll only end up arrested.  This isn’t Baskerville you’re dealing with, it’s considerably more sinister.”
“It’s an incredible thing you’ve done, Sherlock.  Bit of a shock, but—good—I think,”  He leans into Sherlock’s shoulder.  “Let’s go see the place tonight, yeah?  I can’t bloody wait.”
“Are you able to sleep?”  John has crouched down beside Sherlock now, listening to his pained breathing and wondering at his own increasing concern.  Lots of people get migraines.  He’s fine.  It’s
is the truth of it.  Their father never threw away a single thing in his entire pathetic, drunken life.  Choosing to be here rather than home says quite a lot about John’s state of mind.
“We’ve apprehended an armed male, half a block from the flat.  He took out both of my men that were first on the scene with gunshot wounds to the head.  A non-fatal shot to a member of the local police force that had arrived shortly after. The team I had dispatched arrived in time to witness the suspect fleeing the flat and were able to corner him nearby after a short chase.  He’s in custody now. So far has said nothing.” John and I exchange a wary glance.
My phone vibrates on the table, forcing me to acknowledge once more that there’s a world outside of the circle of John’s arms.  I groan into his silver hair. He lets out a huff of laughter against my neck, tightens his grip briefly, then backs away. Duty calls.
“No,” John whispers, and Sherlock closes his eyes, trying to hold onto the comforting warmth of stout-scented breath on his skin, to commit this moment to memory.  “Not grieving.  Not anymore.  Wallowing in self-pity, maybe,”  His voice is a pained rasp.  “Sherlock, I’m bloody full to the brim with regret,” He sounds like he might cry.
“Sherlock Holmes.  I’ve been told you’d be awaiting my arrival,” I say, meeting her—his?  their? Perhaps I should ask—eyes for the first time. Nearly as tall as I am, voice deep, accent seemingly Californian.  “How shall I refer to you?”
he glances around, a bit paranoid—expecting to see eyes on them, listening in on this rambling lecture.  But no one is paying any attention.  The bar is packed—it’s New Year’s Eve, after all—and really rather loud.
of me.  But my stomach still drops at the thought of being so—exposed.  We’ve yet to move beyond fully-clothed embraces and pecks on the cheek.  He’d said it would take him a bit to be ready for the rest of it—for
“Good,” I look down at him now--study this face that I love and think of how far he’s come, how much he’s grown.  Feeling hopeful, I smile. “It’ll be good.”
Barely a breath, but he hears me, he understands.  Tugs on my wrist until I collapse against his back.  I let my lips linger at the top of his spine, tasting salt, taking time.  We breathe in tandem, unmoving, adjusting—each trying hopelessly to grasp this raw intensity.  I roll my hips slightly and feel him shudder beneath my chest. Lift my pelvis—immense pressure, immense
I groan, rolling onto my back and feeling like a proper idiot.  “I’m sorry,” I say to the ceiling. Found the apology. If only I had an explanation.
I take a deep breath.  “After Moran, I—” This is the part he really needs to hear.  The part I’m dreading the most. “I was sent to Serbia. There is an—organization—there.  A group of men that MI6 has had their eye on for quite some time. I was sent to gather information on these men, and I—after just a few days, I—was captured,” He’s listening intently, dread written all over his face.  I don’t want him to hear this. I don’t want to hurt him any more than I already have tonight. “John—”
that?  How could he put John through it?  He’d shown no signs whatsoever of wanting to end his life.  Martha isn’t fool enough to assume there are
John moves to follow and nearly trips over his own feet in surprise when Sherlock clumsily grasps his hand, tangling their fingers together.  His expression is intense—determined—and he remains silent when faced with John’s questioning look.
“As I said,”  She’s addressing John, peering at him unwaveringly and unapologetically.  “I was playing for the wrong side. I won’t make that mistake again.”
The cab stops outside a small cottage, light pink in color.  It’s a quiet street and the house is older, well built, clearly well cared for.  We walk inside and find that Lestrade still has his team here--forensics puttering about, probably disturbing evidence.  At least we no longer have to deal with the likes of Anderson.
I tell him, too, of night after night spent alone and in fear.  Of lying awake holding conversations with him in my head, reminding myself why I’m doing this.  Of letting the days go by, existing half in my mind—straddling reality, wandering lost through a thick, horrible haze.  Eliminating all obstacles and continuing on, only so that I’d be able to return to him one day.
Sherlock is silent, as John knew he would be, for nearly ten minutes before the three little dots appear on the screen.  He’s been thinking about this all evening, since his botched conversation with Harry at dinner.  He’s been thinking about Clara and how complicated relationships can be and how little he and Sherlock actually know about each others’ pasts.  Sherlock couldn’t have deduced that John spent eleven really quite pleasant months in uni with a girl he’d thought he’d marry someday.  Or that three years later he’d fallen so hard for his superior officer that he’d begun to question everything he'd ever thought to be true about himself.  There was so much between them—a deep, hard-earned trust and a bond forged by shared traumas and tragedies.  The transition had been natural and easy and had lasted longer than any of John’s other attempts at love.
He moans into my mouth, hardening fast beneath my persistent fingers.  Good, perfect, yes. This isn’t meant to last. I break the kiss and drop swiftly to my knees, pulling him down with me until he’s sprawled across the stairs.
true.  They’ve certainly got the space, even if it is a bit ridiculous to drag this enormous dead tree into it.  John has never felt particularly strongly about such traditions.  Growing up, it was a tiny artificial tree and maybe a string of lights on the window if his father could remain upright long enough to hang them.  Sherlock runs a palm down the back of John’s head, coming to rest at his nape.  “Rosie will, theoretically, remember this Christmas for years to come,”  He says quietly, standing close, forming a comforting line of heat all down John’s side.  “She’s old enough now to form lasting memories.  It’s our first Christmas as a family, John,”  John feels a startling pressure behind his eyes at those words.  He hadn’t really thought of it like that.  He’s considered them a family for years.  For ages, it feels like.  But Sherlock isn’t wrong—and it is certainly their first Christmas in the cottage.  He wraps an arm around the narrow waist beside him, hand brushing over the familiar wool of Sherlock’s coat.
Saturday morning.  I awaken before John, finding him curled around my back, arm wrapped tight around my waist, even in sleep.  Peaceful. It’s quiet moments like this that nearly knock the breath out of me. A heady combination of relief, gratitude, adoration--love, I suppose, is the word for it--too much to contain, and nowhere to put it all.
“Yeah,”  She lies back, staring up at the ceiling, dragging a pillow across the bed and hugging it to her chest.  “I fucking appreciate this, you know.  Haven’t got a bloody clue what’d I’d have done without you,”  John nods once, not meeting her eye.  He doesn’t know how to accept such a statement.  He’s only doing what any sibling would’ve done.  “I’m just tired of it, John.  Bored.  Miserable.  I’ve said it before, I know.  Maybe this time it’ll keep.”
I roll back to stare up at him.  He looks a bit stricken. He didn’t expect this reaction at all.  I’m sorry, John. The tears come easily these days. I reach up and brush my fingers along his jaw.  “I’m glad you didn’t,” I say. And I am. He knows what it means to me to have tangible evidence of his affection.  I’ve always struggled to wrap my head around emotion, and this is something I can hold in my hands. Hard data. Proof of love.  Struck with a sudden idea, I sit up. “Come here,” I say, rising and heading for our bedroom. He follows me in and I immediately drop to my knees and pry open the loose floorboard near the wall.  I pull out his stolen journal, now curled and tattered and filthy—clearly read a thousand times—and hand it to him. He carefully pages through, recognition slowly creeping onto his face despite the smudged words and torn pages.  He looks up at me, searching for an explanation. “I brought it with me,” I say quietly. “Abroad. I took it from your room on that last day—before we left the flat—before I jumped,” His eyes widen, then drop back down to the abused paper in his hands.
And with that obnoxiously romantic ideation, I give John a swift kiss on the temple and drag him out through the door to greet the day.
John is trembling lightly above me.  He breathes heavily into my neck, chest rising and falling against my spine.  I feel used up, thawed out. Limbs like jelly as I lie here, mind still reeling.  His weight on me is a comfort, a reassurance. I wonder now what he’ll do next. The last thing I want is for him to retreat back into a realm of shame and self-loathing.  I could feel every ounce of his frustration (with me, with everything) and pain, clinging close, right on top of his skin. Raw and honest. We have this now, another language, to help us cope.
is the protector, the shield, knowing full well that stature hasn’t got much to do with strength.  But Sherlock is strong too, and there’s no denying that the feeling of security this position brings is something he could get used to—a physical representation of the sudden turn his life has taken.  Secure.  Safe, even—to an extent.  He sighs, stretching his spine and then settling back in against the warm body in front of him.
John’s hands migrate to my hair, fingernails scraping lightly against my scalp, and I moan softly, right into his mouth.  Every scratch of his nails and tug of his fingers sends a drop of heat skittering down my spine. He kisses me fiercely, unrestrained—both of us breathing rough and ragged—and hitches a leg over my hip.  We rub our bodies together, erections sliding solid as steel, and I snake an arm around John’s waist to pull him in closer. We both cry out at the increased contact, barely holding on, nearly ready to let go.  Pleasure pooling fast in my gut, bubbling up into a rabid boil. Chest heaving furiously, I roll onto my back, pulling John on top of me. He tucks his face into the crook of my neck, panting hot air onto my assailable flesh.  Our frenzied thrusts slide our shafts together fluidly, over and over—and over and over—
—the first time in my life that I’ve kissed someone and meant it.  Things are moving unexpectedly quickly, now that we’ve torn down our walls.
“An honour, nevertheless,”  John grins, dropping down into a light pink velvet armchair in the corner.  “And your favourite English
His hands slide back to the nape of John’s neck, pause for a lingering second, then pull him in.  John goes easily, happily, moulding himself against Sherlock’s chest—wishing he could sink entirely into him, be
“Irene,”  John nods, his tone caught somewhere between empathetic and irritated.  I watch as she studies him, sharp eyes roving across his face—no doubt effortlessly reading each emotion present there.  She seems to relax slightly, leaning against Ben, arms crossed in front of her. She sighs.
be dead too, evidently, had Sherlock chosen differently.  But he understands the sentiment.  He really does.  It’s all rather fucked.
John is asleep.  He’d held on to me tightly for quite a long time before I felt his grip slacken, his breathing deepen.  At some point I had stopped fighting the waves of tears and just let them flow, soaking his t-shirt where my cheek had come to rest.  Now I lie curled up against him where he’s settled on his back—one arm still wrapped around me—my hand resting tentatively on his abdomen.
A twenty-seven minute ride later (So far away from the beating heart of London--you must have been miserable, John.) we arrive at Mary’s flat.  Lestrade and his team have come and gone, and the flat has been empty for days. John pulls a jangling keychain from his pocket and lets us in the front door.
The rest of my people stayed with me as well.  Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade, Molly and Mycroft. Taking up residence in some neglected room of my mind palace, their voices calming the violent waves in my head.  Reminding me of what's important, of why I jumped. How could I take on this impossible task if I hadn't something to return to, a community to protect? I'd discovered the value of sentiment, at last.  But it was never meant to take so long.
“It has its charms,”  His eyes linger on my face, looking for signs of deception, no doubt, but he eventually returns his attention to the conversation happening to his right.  I turn to John, who’s watching me cautiously. He looks defeated. Exhausted. I feel no empathy for him, now. He’s managed to make this infinitely more difficult than it ever needed to be.  When Ben rises to fetch another cocktail, I stand, declaring to the group that we really must be going. I shoot John a pointed look, and before anyone can protest, I turn and walk away.
Sherlock has managed a small fire with the nearly diminished stack of chopped wood he’d found out back by the ramshackle greenhouse.  He glances up at John, looking rather smug, and they share a quick smile, John ducking his head to hide the extent of it.
“Look,” He accepts the cup of tea that I thrust into his hands.  “I—wanted to say—I regret my reaction,” So he has changed his mind, then?  Regrets saying no?  Wants to know more about the case after all?
They sit close, knees brushing easily, at their usual table by the window (John had called ahead for it—he always does, these days) Sherlock lets out a contented sigh, long fingers fiddling idly with the small candle that sits between them.  They’ve completed the requisite pleasantries with Angelo—basked in his candid enthusiasm over their coming nuptials, and confirmed the plans for a menu of classic lasagne, gnocchi and chicken saltimbocca.  He promises to deliver one of each for them to try tonight—as if they haven’t been eating his cuisine several times a month since the day they’d met.  Now he’s taken his leave and left them with a bottle of far too expensive wine.
“Where is Isla, Irene?”  He shoots back, clearly growing impatient.  “How does she factor into all this? Why are
I’m shocked into a nervous huff of laughter by this unexpected outburst.  Something’s got John’s hackles up and it’s a sight to behold. I peer over at him, trying to parse out his sudden shift in mood.  Sally narrows her eyes at me, but then turns to John and nods, stiffly. “Right. Old habits, you know…”
“Was it a good day?”  A question only a five year old would ask.  No inquiries about logistics, only wanting to be sure that we’d had a nice day.
I love him. “I love you,” He makes a little noise in the back of his throat.  Did he not know? “In case you somehow weren’t aware. I love you.”
“We do have lives outside of detective work.  Obviously,” Hal grins, his expression challenging.  I’d like to knock him sideways off of his self-assembled pedestal, but I’ve got a job to do.  “This area is glorious in the summertime. Surely you know the appeal, as you’ve chosen to take up permanent residence,”  He shrugs.
bedroom.  I read it over and over in our time apart, conjuring images of him putting pen to paper, running the pads of my fingers over the grooves of his handwriting.  Imagining there was still a small part of him imbibed in its pages--
He kisses me—deeply, fiercely—then abruptly flings the duvet off of our bodies and drags me out of bed.
“Sleep all right?”  John asks, handing me a coffee and taking a seat at the little table.  I join them, wondering if it’s too soon to begin questioning Henry about the inscrutable Hal.
Sherlock mutters to himself, reading whatever details—John hadn’t bothered to read through them—the certificate contains.  Mycroft had done most of the dirty work on this one.  It was a bit of a process, even for the British Government himself.
as anything.  Can’t exactly put that man in a box, can you?”  She pulls the plaid blanket from the back of her chair and tucks it around herself.  “Are you surprised he told you?”
It’s been a long day.  He picks a blade of grass and holds it up in front of him, clumsily tying it into a knot and then tossing it aside.  He’d done that habitually as a child—tied knots in blades of grass and the wrappers from straws.  As a young adult he’d spent his idle moments folding receipts and napkins and the labels from beer bottles into misshapen origami.  Always fidgeting.  His friends had teased him that it was pent up sexual energy causing him to pick at things, never quite staying still.  But it was never that.
“A murder-suicide last week,” Molly responds, sounding bored.  “A well-known game show host who dropped dead while filming two nights ago.  Only a heart attack. Nothing that would interest the two of you,” She sighs.  Molly isn’t quite so committed to her work, these days. Since she and Lestrade got together, she’s settled down quite a bit—spending more time at home, caring for their various pets (and often for Rosie as well).  I can tell that she wants children of her own. Seems to be an ongoing point of contention between the two of them.  Lestrade doesn’t have much choice but to spend most of his time at the Yard—and as a man of duty, I imagine he doesn’t want to have children that he isn’t able to be present for.  I can sense the guilt that plagues John each time we leave Rosie behind. I know how it affects him. I believe that he justifies the amount of time spent away from her by reminding himself that we’re doing good in the world.  I certainly don’t judge him for it. Rosie is very loved. But I do worry sometimes that my presence is taking away from their time together.
I accompany John to his therapy appointment.  I am in no way convinced that this is something I need, but John wants me to meet Ella--and really, I will do nearly anything he asks of me.
After much badgering, John has convinced me to seek out sustenance beyond the hallway vending machines—so here we sit, side by side, speeding along the highway in the blinding sunlight.  I glance over and can’t help but smile at the sight of him in his tortoiseshell wayfarers and tight white t-shirt. He’s even acquiring a bit of a
I step toward him and kiss his temple, hand on his cheek.  “I was living in that same haze. I think we--” A soft thump on the floor above.  Both our eyes shoot upward, then back at each other, alarmed.
“We can still find her,”  John says firmly. “We’re here now,”  I slide my hand down his arm, back up again.  Confident, hopeful—so sure that we can still fix this.  He doesn’t see what I do. She smiles sadly, gaze still fixed on the landscape as it passes by.
“I’ve got movers on retainer,”  Sherlock blurts out from where he stands leaning against the worktop, sipping the cup of tea John has placed in his hands.  The morning had been a whirlwind of omelets and arguing with a three year old over the chocolate-stained dress she was insistent on wearing.  In the end, she had won out of sheer bullheadedness, but John had packed a small bag with a few options in case she changed her mind.  Molly stopped by Baker Street to scoop her up on the way to the zoo, wanting to get there before the crowds became too overwhelming.  She’d thankfully refrained from bombarding them with questions, but they did tell her a bit about the cottage, promising she could see it soon.
Whatever it is, Sherlock (selfishly) loves it.  The absence is something he’d longed for but didn’t quite know how to name—the crumbling of a wall he didn’t recall ever erecting, the tearing down of a veil he’d never meant to put there in the first place.
“I’d planned a date,”  Sherlock says, voice hushed after an interminable bout of silent staring, hands linked in the space between their bodies as they each adjust to this new, candid reality.  John grins, clearly amused by this information.  Sherlock scowls, feeling like a bit of a romantic twat, but continues anyway, determined to repay John’s valiant words with knowledge of his own grand gesture.  “I’d intended to drag you up four flights of stairs to a fairy-lit rooftop terrace and spend a week’s earnings on dinner in an attempt to make you
John seems to have managed all this movement in sleep, as his breathing remains deep and even, heart rate still steady and eyes still closed.
Squaring his shoulders and readying himself to walk into uncharted waters, John turns at last to face the man who occupies his every thought—the beautiful, brilliant bastard who possesses half his heart and the boundless depths of his gratitude.
His gaze drifts upward, taking in the vaulted ceiling, painted white and slanting straight up past the lofted second floor, dark wooden support beams following its slope.  A cast iron spiral staircase stands toward the back of the large room, off to their right.  John tracks its path to the upper level, where it meets a thick wooden banister that spans the length of the loft.
It’s been two days in his presence, and already I’m crumbling.  It was a mistake to invite him. It was a mistake to come here at all.
“Yeah Harry.  I have.  He’s my best friend,”  John says carefully in the most reasonable tone he can muster.  Harry isn’t always this abrasive.  He continues to remind himself what a mild concussion tossed on top of alcohol withdrawal and a throbbing ankle will do to a person’s attitude.  She scoffs.
I make a beeline for the bar, ordering a pint of cider from the clearly overwhelmed barman, and weave my way through the crowd to a relatively unoccupied corner of the room near an empty stage.  I observe. I can only assume that Maude will find me, as I have no earthly idea who she is or what she looks like. It’s only half eight—God knows why I chose to come straight here after leaving the restaurant—and I’m fairly certain that the next thirty minutes in this hellscape will be among the worst of my life.
“What’s it been like?”  She asks quietly.  “After all this time?”  John lets out the breath he’d been holding, lying back.  He folds one arm beneath his head, the other draped carelessly over his waist, closing his eyes and searching for adequate words.  He’s hardly been able to process it at all, but—
The problem with my brother and I is that we don’t know what to say to one another.  Our shared interests begin and end with snarky banter and a propensity for deduction.  Outside of that, we only ever seem to find hostility and decades of pain. But we could try.
tonight, late-night text messages from concerned barkeeps have been received, John has come here without argument—which is a whole new level of worrisome—and Harry is determined to do
territory when he’s cleared the table, washed his bowl and Harry’s, dried them, put them back in their cupboard and still received no response.  But then—
he thinks resignedly, as he opens the familiar document, determinedly not reading a word of it as he scrolls to the bottom and sets fingers to keys, as he so often does.  As he so often
“Well whatever her reasoning, I’m grateful to her,”  He tosses the book aside, crawling toward me to lie on his back with his head in my lap.  “Should have listened to her back then,” He reaches behind him and closes my laptop, where it sits on the cushion to my left.  “She saw what I hadn’t,” He pushes his hand beneath my shirt, floats his fingertips over a nipple, sending an agonizing jolt of arousal through my body, straight to my groin.  He continues to taunt me with his infuriatingly light touch, tracing a lazy figure eight across my chest.
He falls to his knees in front of me.  “Sherlock—” He breathes. I grab his wrist, can feel his heart beating fast.  He weaves our fingers together. “Sherlock—marry me.” This tumbles out of his mouth in a quick exhale and he peers up at me, face open and expectant.  I stare back at him. Open my mouth and then close it again. I thought it was too soon? He had been concerned about what people would think, so soon after—  “I would have married you the day you came back if I could have—I don’t care what anyone thinks anymore,” He’s gripping my fingers tightly between his. “I love you so much—you make me so happy.  Let’s never go through being apart again.”
you’d prefer something more traditional,”  It’s true that the places they’d inquired about were much more traditional, but they really hadn’t spent much time discussing it, consumed as they’ve been with Baker Street and the occasional case.  John hadn’t thought much of it until he’d seen this space.  He could picture it—them—
he’s lovely like this.  Soft and trusting, wild curls framing his untroubled face.  Absolutely bloody beautiful. I have to swallow around the lump in my throat, breathe through the ache in my chest—both present fairly frequently, as of this past week.  It sure didn’t take long for me to trip over the cliff I’ve been standing on for all these years and fall hopelessly in love with him. Hard to believe I’d ever thought him cold and untouchable—this warm, tactile creature in front of me tells a different story entirely.  Not sure I’ll ever fully forgive myself for walking away when he handed me his heart—for taking so
John gets out first, opening the car door slowly and sparing Sherlock a single, weighty glance before he hops out of the car, slams it shut and heads for the cottage.
Dressed, packed, ready to go, we check out of the inn and head to a nearby café.  We sit together in a comfortable quiet, sipping our coffees and eating our scones.  John threads our fingers together as we stride out the front door, and we walk hand in hand to the station.
She’d worked up the nerve to burst in on him ten minutes later, only to find him hugging his knees and sobbing where he sat trembling like a leaf on the cold, hard floor.  She’d crouched down carefully, let her fingers curl lightly around his heaving shoulders.
“I need to—can you get Rosie?  I’ll meet you back at the flat,”  John stands abruptly and begins to walk away, suddenly needing to be anywhere but here, when Sherlock grabs his arm.
“Yeah.  God, yeah.  Think I just needed to hear your voice,”  He can hear Sherlock sigh—relieved, content—a small, amused chuckle slipping out at the end.
“‘Night, then,”  He tucks his legs up underneath him, snatches Harry’s abandoned blanket and turns his attention back to his mobile.
John turns slowly to face me, eyebrows raised.  Lestrade snorts. “She and Anderson got dragged through some real shite while you were--ah--away.  Not that I’m dismissing their actions. And I’m not innocent either. But you had a lot of defenders, you know,”  He nods at John, then turns back to me. “Once your name was cleared, Anderson was sacked. Good riddance, really.  But Donovan wasn’t so easily replaced. And honestly I’m glad for it, she’s made for this work.”
John watches Sherlock take in his words, watches him scowl in confusion, watches as his expression gradually morphs into something that is definitely closer to longing, to hope.  And then he sees it.  The confirmation he’d been looking for.  Sherlock wants this, too.
Not the case, as it turns out.  He’s right here—lying nose to nose beside him, hand roaming John's body without a trace of doubt.
“Let’s not,” Sherlock interrupts, lifting shaking hands to either side of John’s jaw.  “Soon we’ll—but can we just—”  He dips his head, tentatively meeting John’s lips, clearly unsure of his welcome.  John inhales sharply, momentarily stunned, then quickly pushes his fingers up into dark curls, urging him closer, pouring every drop of warmth bursting from his body into this unexpected and long-overdue connection.
Is he allowed to touch him whenever he feels like reaching out?  What about in front of others?  Can he kiss him any time?  Take his hand whenever he craves that connection?  Is Sherlock okay with their friends and families knowing that they’re together in this way?  And even now, when it’s just the two of them—he’s unsure what’s allowed.  He’s followed Sherlock’s lead so far, letting things unfold naturally between them.  And it’s been brilliant—better than he could have possibly hoped for.  But now that they’ve managed to open the floodgates, how do they navigate the flood?
He gives himself a moment, then pulls his t-shirt over his head, wipes his hand with it, tosses it to the floor.  Stares down at Sherlock, whose eyes are closed, hair a tangled mess, clearly well on his way to sleep.
“Sherlock,” I’m pulled from my frantic thoughts by his hand on my arm.  Lightly. Just like in Penarth when he’d said that what John and I have is
“I—care to elaborate?”  He feels Sherlock sigh, clearly annoyed that John can’t quite follow his grand leap in subject matter.
His lips form a smile that he knows he reserves especially for Sherlock.  There’s an entire facet of himself that he holds only for Sherlock—a part that never existed until they found each other, really.
I don’t tell him that with every life I took, I felt less human, myself.  Instead I tell him of how I finally tracked down Sebastian Moran—the man who was to kill him if I hadn’t jumped—in Brussels.  He only nods solemnly, eyes shining, when I tell him that I shot Moran in the head.
“The coat,”  Greg thinks back, pondering whether he had a single clue that Molly had somehow ended up with it.  They’ve only lived together for a month, and they’d spent most of their time at his flat before they’d gotten their own place.  He hadn’t known, no.  She must’ve taken it from the morgue that day and secreted it away somewhere.
would talk—would rant and rave about betrayal and loss and the death of a wife who’d never technically existed and a child who never came to be.  He’d hoped it would bring them closer.
Sherlock reaches out and slowly pulls John toward him, immediately dropping his wrist and winding an arm around the small of his back.  John lets himself collapse, leaning contentedly against his best friend’s chest, cheek to the skin of his throat.  He slowly slides his own arms around Sherlock’s waist, attempting futilely to tune out the countdown around them.  This moment is precious, and he intends to cherish it.
John tears his eyes away from the window long enough to glance over at me, grinning from ear to ear.  My heart leaps at the sight of him like this, and I can’t help but return his smile—can’t even recall the last time I let myself feel joy.  Things have been so bleak, for so long, and now suddenly—hope.
“It’s the same for me, John,” He breathes across his lips before leaning back, running a palm over his forehead, brushing the silver fringe back and away from his face.  “Stop brooding, it’s useless.  Look at us.”
John blinks, inhaling deeply as he glances around his small office.  He’s  always completely floored by these moments, these flashbacks that hit him without warning and the almost-real sense memories that accompany the images.  Sherlock’s skin, one elegant hand resting in John’s—alive and real and warm despite the bitter weather—watching him closely as he wraps the wound carefully with his own scarf.  The subtle puff of breath on John’s forehead—the fact that they’re standing rather closer than necessary—each of them always stealing any chance to do so without having to confront the reason why.  Neither of them ever quite acknowledging it beyond the frequent burning, blinding glances and occasional lingering touch.  That day in the alley he had wrapped his fingers firmly around Sherlock’s wrist, staring up at him for what felt like ages, willing him to understand how much John needs him.  Needs him to take his life seriously, to be less bloody reckless, to fucking stick around.
“Molly,”  He nods, trying for a smile.  She swallows.  He’s nearly unrecognizable.  She’d heard he’d grown a beard and has clearly kept it for all these months.  It’s grown in—thick and full and fairly long, actually, but neatly trimmed.  It suits him, really.  He looks handsome, almost dashing, at first glance.  But upon closer inspection, it seems the beard is only there to mask terribly sunken, weary features—the circles etched under his eyes paint a picture of many sleepless nights.  His face is more sallow and much thinner than she’s ever seen it, and despite the fact that his entire demeanor radiates a deep-seated ennui, something about him looks more youthful, boyish.  Perhaps he simply looks lost.
“You’ve composed a blog post about our relationship status, but have made no move to finalize it,”  He says matter-of-factly.  John stares up at him, surprised by this blunt statement.  It’s true that he’s been up in his study picking away at that post for the better part of a week, trying to find the right words to express everything that they are and what it means to him.  He wrote it mostly for himself—just to get it all out—unsure if Sherlock would even appreciate such sentiment being dropped out into the world.  He’s mentioned that he’s fine with an announcement of sorts, but also made it clear that he doubted it was even necessary—so John hasn’t made any real effort to actually post it.
“I owe you mine, many times over.” He sighs, fingers still slowly brushing through the hair at my temple.
“Yes,”  She doesn’t meet his eyes, now glancing out the window at the vineyards, the rolling green hills.  “For a long time I’d hoped—thought perhaps I could locate her, or that you would. I’d hoped you’d come sooner, but I don’t blame you for that.  I went about it all wrong. I see that now,”
that it’s a problem.  He knows that he’d been mad to question Sherlock’s loyalty at this point.  Irrational.  The man has proven time and time again that he isn’t going anywhere, and yet—
seeing what I could get away with,”  Sherlock says plainly, apropos of absolutely nothing.  John rolls his head sideways against the wall to look at him.
Didn’t see that coming.  Maude struts around the stage as a new pop song begins to play.  Her dark skin—she appears to be of Middle Eastern descent—pairs well with the slate blue wig atop her head.  She expertly lip syncs along to the hateful dance music that floods the room, and when I turn to scan the crowd, it’s clear that they are all enraptured—entirely entranced by her.  This is someone who knows how to command a room.
“You just decided to attempt an interrogation?”  He follows her, leaning against the door frame and watching her dash about.  “And what was in the bloody package anyway?  You’ve not mentioned a gift,”  She glances over her shoulder where she now stands at the sink, then returns her gaze to the stack of dishes in front of her.
“Silas Moran,”  I say, holding her gaze.  She stares right back, lets the name hang between us for a moment, then stands up straight, not straying from Ben’s orbit.
of his life—“ She shakes her head, eyes drifting across the crowded bar to where Sherlock is leaning against the wall, tapping away at his mobile.  John‘s own phone vibrates in his pocket.  He reaches for it numbly, eyes snapping back to Molly as she continues to tell him what he already knows.  “—and he came back to you—I know that he didn’t, he didn’t quite—he—“ she lets out a huff of breath, squeezing her eyes shut for a moment and shaking her head again.  “—but he
"Next time, don't be so proud of yourself," teased John, rubbing his index finger over the head of the detective's hard cock, as Sherlock cursed. His cock ached, and he needed to come so desperately…
"As I said many times, against popular belief, I am not clairvoyant. The target could have been John or me or Mycroft or perhaps someone else, but that was less plausible, given the effort to get John here. The sheets contained different instructions depending on who the target was".
The detective threw him the most murderous look the soldier ever had to endure. Sherlock was so mad that, when he tried to speak, he just choked, unable to verbalize the torrent of thoughts that crossed his mind which, John was sure included various ways of torturing his future husband for his daring. But realizing John wouldn't change his mind bout it, Sherlock came up with a Solomonic solution:
“As I told you before, you saved my life. Before reading your books, I was in a spiral of self-destruction similar like yours. On the other hand, my life is ordinary but yours… yours is really precious, as it was for William. He didn’t leave you alone. He wanted you to live, because of how much he loved you.”
A car entered in the courtyard and two men pushed Mycroft towards it, who turned to look at Sherlock, despair, sadness and impotence filling his eyes.
"He left you a note, John," said Bill, taking a post-it from the kitchen table, picking it up cautiously to avoid making contact with any of the strange substances that cluttered the table. "I'll be back on time for the wedding."
Neither of them was wearing the traditional morning coat. The detective knew John would wear a black suit with a lilac shirt and narrow black tie, and they both joked about Sherlock wearing a white tuxedo. In the end, Sherlock decided by a black tie, dark blue shirt, and a purple tuxedo, the same color of his purple shirt that made John drag him into the bedroom every time the detective put it on. John wasn't aware of it since Sherlock was as mysterious about his outfit as a bride before the wedding. The detective wanted to surprise him.
He was also madly worried about Rosie. The idea of his daughter in danger made him nauseating. He only could hope that witch of Irene would take care of her and calm her until he arrived.
It should be him who was doing this to the detective, but neither his body nor his mind were able to now separate Sherlock's mouth from his cock, his fingers from his ass and his balls.
They walked behind the assistant who took them to the airport's VIP area, safe from the onlookers' glances. None of them broke formation as they headed for the small hangar where Mycroft's private plane was waiting for them.
The DI and Sherlock's brother looked at him, worried. John's eyes were unfocused, lost in an unpleasant memory. Mycroft made a gesture, and the agents took the man out of the interrogation room.
Within a shout of Lestrade, several officers spread out on the flat. Sherlock and John's bedroom met the same fate as the dining room. The bed was buried under rubble, as was the wardrobe.
“You!” he yelled his voice a mixture of loath, surprise, and fury. Then red light engulfed him, and Moriarty’s body exploded into thousands of itty-bitty-pieces, creating a blast that gobbled the zombies and ghouls, making them dissolve into the reddish cloud.
"I guess the same happened to you when you were little," ventured John recalling Sherlock and his family spent summers in France as well.
The detective stared at the panel for several minutes. He closed his eyes, gathering more information from his mental palace. He remained like this for five minutes until, as if waking up, he pressed several keys, triggering the projection. He glanced mockingly at Tony.
"I know I have no right to tell you this that it is not fair because you are with Tony, but... I... No, I was going to say that I like you, but it's much more than that. I love you, Stephen Strange. I fell in love with you the first time I saw you at Avengers Facilities, talking with your smug, know-it-all asshole air. Since that day..., since that day I haven't been able to stop thinking about you. And God knows I've tried, because... well, you're totally out of my league. You just have to look at yourself and look at me. I'm not a God, I don't have superpowers or a supercool nanosuit, I'm not even tall. But, as much as I tried to forget you, as soon as I got careless, I began to daydream. When I fell asleep, I dream about you: I see us walking, laughing, making love..." he blushed and lowered his head.
“Do they really think we are going to sleep in sleeping bags used by other people?” Sherlock grimaced.
"Git," smiled Lestrade, walking through another door. On the other side, he found a spacious bathroom with a shower, and next to it, a dressing room with mirrors. He opened the bag and pulled out a two-button black suit. He didn't even want to know what it had cost, but he was sure that many months of his salary in NSY. Accompanied by a dark blue shirt, no tie. Mycroft knew he hated wearing them. He smiled affectionately at the detail. It must have cost him a world not to add it to the set.
