“What’s wrong?” Stark inquires, having paused in removing his leather under-armor when he realized Steve hadn’t so much as taken off his tunic. “Are you having second thoughts?”
“Shellhead? Are you in there?” Steve calls from the other side of the door, followed by subtle knocking. When Tony doesn’t respond, he continues. “I don’t know why you’re sore with me. Maybe if you’d come out and–”
“I like you, and I think you like me, too,” he says suddenly, adding, “and I think we should – if you wanted, that is – I think we could, you know, see where that goes?”
Steve doesn’t quite look at the other man as he admits, “No, of course not,” but in such a way that Tony immediately knows he’s hiding something.
“Yeah, man. Why’d you think I came over? She was giving me ‘help me’ eyes, and I thought I’d run interference.”
When Master Phillips had entered the scene, Hodge had retreated to stand at attention, his back straight and shoulders square over his hips, leaving Steve on the ground. Master Phillips breathes in deep, exhaling just as slowly. “Rogers, I know you may be used to playing in the mud but get your ass up out of that dirt and stand at attention,” he orders, sounding utterly disappointed.
“The annulment,” Steve corrects him. His old-fashioned Irish Catholic mother would probably roll in her grave at the D-word. Then again, she probably wouldn’t have been pleased with his choice of partner either.
Stefanus can almost see the vase on the table shattered and a shard in hand carving off the man’s sorry excuse for a pecker to stuff down his throat. Stefanus could strike this man down; he is more than capable. He could do it, perhaps even should do it – damn the consequences – but instead he crawls into himself and dreams of goats.
He doesn’t miss the fear of failure, his anxiety over his own incompetence that Howard had long instilled in him. As an adult, Tony could compartmentalize and manage these feelings just fine, but they proved overwhelming for his smaller frame, so much so that he had to share the burden of them with
Tony stares off into the middle distance, his attention phasing in and out until he catches his physician recommending “We would like to schedule an ultrasound to confirm–”
“You will have to guard my body very closely, every night even, from within my bed chambers,” Antony clarifies. “You will be compensated handsomely, of course.”
Stefanus waits in the hypogeum, glancing every so often at Bacchus opposite him. The venationes featuring lions and panthers, bears and crocodiles, and other such exotic beasts had already made short work of the noxii, criminals sentenced to die in the games that very morning. Stefanus wonders if their fate is better or worse than those that went after during the ludi meridian, where the condemned may be dressed in the guise of Greek heroes in mythical re-enactments to deadly consequences. They had supped together the night before – the gladiators and noxii both – during what will be the last meal for many. If there is no honor in the gladiatorial matches themselves, there is less so in being ordered to set fire to a bound, unarmed man wearing a pitch-smeared tunica molesta in a facsimile of the immolation of Hercules. He knew many of his fellow gladiators agreed, at least on that front; a fair fight required skill, otherwise it was little more than callow murder.
“Look, I’m trying to cut down on dairy, and I’m not wasting my weekly allotment on what amounts to culinary blasphemy.” Tony pulls down a couple plates. “J? Call in the order. The usual, and put it under Roger Johnson.”
“Here.” He reaches between his own legs, caressing the entrance of his ass, teasing his own hole with a slight dip of his fingertips. “I would like you here.”
“There’s a first time for everything.” Tony places Steve’s hand on his own shoulder while snaking his own to cup Steve’s back. He then grabs Steve’s other hand. “Besides, I’m the one who took the initiative to ask. I think that entitles me to assume the leadership role.”
“Good thinking. I don’t know what I’d do without my stash of signature cologne, four bottles of specialty shampoo, and twenty pairs of designer swimwear.”
“Well, gentleman, friends, I should leave you now to your late-night delights, for I will be turning in early for the evening.”
“I’m afraid that will not work today, Mandalorian,” a gruff voice replies. “We are looking for a fugitive, one who cannot be allowed to leave the surface.”
Steve blushes and wisely decides to attack the issue from a different angle, “I don’t know… Grave-robbing to steal a man’s unmentionables–”
Piano lessons are one hour long three times a week followed by an afternoon snack that Tony often skips in favor of tinkering with his latest project – a circuit board or rudimentary automaton – in his room, leaving Mamma and Mr. Morelli to laugh and chat in Italian over biscotti dipped in vin Santo Jarvis orders special from the good shop in Little Italy. Neither seems to mind his absence, and Tony is only too happy that piano is over for another day.
Stefanus cants his head. “…You mean to buy me?” It makes sense in a way. Antony has rented Stefanus nearly every evening and some afternoons for over two months now, and if he kept at it with his current rates, he will have paid his purchase price several times over by the end of the year. Priscus is smart, calculating; he will take that into consideration when he and Antony haggle over his worth.
Master Phillips taps down on Steve’s shoulders, making him crouch all that much deeper. “Jedi forswear all attachments.”
Tony shuts the lid of his trunk, turning to face her. “Just so you know, Pepper… not everything that happens has to make it onto the pages of Marvels.”
“I’m your assistant. I’m supposed to assist you,” Steve had said before pointing out the obvious, “Plus, Finley actually speaks Arabic. If there’s a cave-in, which one of us is more likely to alert the proper authorities and send help?”
Tony wants to retreat, but she perks up at his presence, grabs her bag, and walks towards him. “I had a great time, sweetie,” she says, planting a kiss on his cheek. “Don’t be a stranger.” She turns back to Steve. “And Steve? Give me a call anytime. I’d love to pick your brain on the Dadaist movement,” and with that, Jarvis shows her out, having already called their personal driver to take her home.
Collegia: A gladiator union that would ensure fallen comrades received a proper funeral and grave inscription honoring his achievements in the games. They may also ensure that the gladiator’s family receive money in compensation for the death.
Steve reaches out to lightly grasp Tony’s nearest wrist, his fingers whisper-soft as they stroke the back of his hand. “Depends on the guy.”
“…Perhaps some archery practice is in order,” Dum Dum pivots instead. “Percival could use the practice. He near missed half his shots during the last skirmish at the behest of Lord Phillips.”
“I’ve got something for you, but I am uncertain whether you will like it,” Antony tells him one day when Stefanus has come early to his bed chambers, ready to escort him to yet another social call on behalf of his father’s campaign.
Steve shrugs. “Who doesn’t? I never had very many on account of… well, mostly, I played with Bucky’s WWII set, you know. We had a whole thing where we were like soldiers who saved people from the bad guys.”
“Wine?” Priscus offers, holding out a small amphora, from which he pours out two cups, passing one to Antony on his side table. When Antony takes a sip, he continues, “I have many courting me for my endorsement. Did you attend the munera Barbatus commissioned yesterday? It was quite the show; very popular among your constituency. Many a politician have reserved my stable for their games as a… gift to the populace.” He settles back in his chair.
“You should loosen up a little,” Tony is telling him. “Relax. It won’t kill you to remove that stick from your ass. I’m fairly certain it’s not load-bearing,” he takes another sip of his cocktail. “And if it is, bill me for the damages. You know I’m good for it.”
And now Antony rises to get in his face. He will not suffer his father’s sanctimonious censure, not anymore. “You mean for yours. Why not be honest about your motivations for once? This isn’t for me but for you and your position in the Senate.”
Stefanus doesn’t take the bait. “I don’t understand the question.” It’s a trap; it has to be. He must know Stefanus has other clients, but men are good at telling themselves lies, at constructing little fantasies where they are your one and only, the best you’ve ever had. Antony must be upset at that the shattering of that illusion.
But what’s worse than having less of Steve’s attention is how different the other boy acts when amongst his old friends.
Tony slides the scroll closer to the third member of their party. “Pepper, back me up on this one. What does this look like to you? A scepter, yes?”
“That’s my man.” Antony yawns then drops into a deep slumber. When he wakes in the morning, Stefanus will be gone leaving behind only the scent of musky sex lingering in the air, but for now, they rest wrapped up in each other.
He probably didn’t considering he and Bucky enlisted directly after high school, but Tony thinks public high school still had things like tests and projects.
Cold iron is considered harmful to faeries or somehow inert to magic, and they do NOT take kindly to people carrying it. Medieval maces were sometimes made of iron.
“Hey. You don’t make it big in weapons manufacturing without collecting a couple enemies along the way.” Tony had a certain reputation to uphold. There are limits to the level of infamy the Stark name could bear, and though it may seem petty, Tony drew the line at pizza. He has
It harkens back to many earlier discoveries, which had grown more frequent the longer it had been since civilization collapsed. Steve braces himself for the worst.
It is a normal occurrence for Tony. Some kids get to go to science camp for the summer, but in his family, it’s his father that leaves. It’s easier in a way when it’s just the four of them: Tony and Mamma, Jarvis and Ana. His father isn’t an easy man – “Children should be seen and not heard” – but his absence means Tony doesn’t have to sit up quite as straight at the dinner table or justify how he has spends his free time after school. Mamma will even let him choose what they have for dinner and often talks to him about his interests.
He eventually finds Tony in a windowless cement cell on the far end of the building, handcuffed to a chair, a little battered but otherwise whole.
. “She’s sick, and you can’t go.” Surely, his father loves Mamma enough to make every effort to ensure she lives, even if it means giving up his fruitless, decades-long obsession over a ghost.
Presently, Antony lounges against Stefanus’s chest, Stefanus’s legs cradling his and his arms draped over the edge of the tub.
“No.” Tony locks his ankles behind Steve’s back, trying to keep him in. He needs him to stay, to finish, no matter the cost to Tony’s body, the higher the better in fact.
“Your anger is precisely why you are not ready, young padawan,” Master Erskine elaborates, despite the lack of verbal complaint from his student.
Servilius’s eyes fall to Stefanus then drift to the amphora he carries, his brow lifting at depiction of Zeus and Ganymede on its side. He smirks, “Really, Staius? Valerius told me you were prancing about the city with my twin in tow, but I bare believed him. It seems I owe him an apology after all, though this spectacle is pathetic, even for you.”
Tony pulls out a paper and some colored pencils. “You want to design a superhero to add to the Avengers?” he offers magnanimously. “I don’t usually let just anyone join,” he adds, playing if off like he doesn’t desperately want to play with the other boy, like he’s the one doing Steve a favor.
Steve is about to respond but stops himself. The fae didn’t specify when the vow should start, and he’d rather not risk any assumptions. He motions to his mouth, his throat, but keeps mum.
Cap tries to avoid him after that until Tony settles onto the sofa in the sunken living room, flirting and cuddling up to Bruce.
“Of course they would have,” Steve replies, his voice dripping with insincerity, “because Becca and Annie would have also said yes to two strange men traveling from out of state and staying in the same hotel room.”
In the low light, the house looks foreboding. The external incandescent lamps enhance the sickly yellow of the wooden siding while the green shutters bordering the windows appear almost black. In contrast, the roof and gingerbread detailing stands out in dark blood red.
“The type of sex I like, it’s easier to find men who… who match, but discretion can be a challenge. A man gets Antonius Staius to bend over for him, and he’s more likely than not to brag about it, but I like it, and a couple men with loose lips are not going to diminish that.”
Steve sits back, his finger still thrusting into Tony as he tears open a wrapper with his teeth and the other hand, then quickly rolls it down his length.
The title means “Bread and circuses.” It is a Roman figure of speech meaning superficial appeasement. In politics, it means becoming popular not through service or policy but through entertainment, distraction, and satisfying the base requirements of the people (by offering food and/or entertainment).
“Point still stands. I can afford to take off a few months to figure out if a bunch of premiere critics ranked burgers correctly. It seems like a better use of my time, you know, and if you want to tag along… I could always use a wingman, winghead.”
It’s a convenient, if concerning, declaration, with the underlying insinuation that the boy wouldn’t be tracked or missed should he disappear onto an outgoing ship.
The saber cats hiss, but are wary of approaching the Jedi and so they retreat into the tree line. Steve feels for their presence, not dropping his guard until they are gone. He drops to his knees beside the fallen Mandalorian.
“You haven’t been honest with me?” For a brief minute, Steve is afraid Stark is going to admit he was hired by the Republic, that he is actually going to have Steve arrested that very night, but he shakes off the notion as utterly ridiculous.
“No can do. I have this big project for my robotics final, and it’s the only uninterrupted time I’ll get in the lab.”
“We will restore your friends to their original human forms if you sow six shirts of nettles for them to wear…”
“Fuck off!” Tony shouts, curling into himself to shield his body from the cold. Though muffled by the pillow, the lights and ambient noise manage to further exacerbate his hangover.
His father returns, but his mother’s ailment doesn’t subside. Instead, it grows in frequency and severity over the next nine months, until she’s breathless and nearly choking on half-formed daffodil blooms every day. Dad isn’t around – too busy with Stark Industries to be home – but Tony is. He hears her fail to catch her breath, watches her waste away, her skin pallid and nearly grey under her concealer. His father thinks she’s watching her figure as women are wont to do, but Tony knows better. And so, he searches libraries, poring over books and medical journals until he identifies the culprit: Hanahaki’s Disease, a vanishingly rare disorder caused by unrequited love in certain genetically-predisposed individuals. He makes copies of everything he can find on the condition and then sets out to confront his father.
Steve considers Stark. Though he can’t see his expression, he knows the man better than to think he’d let it lie. “What are you planning to do?”
Though the other boy had quickly bested him in their earlier contest, Suibne thinks Bacchus may be the one with a head injury when he approaches him at meal time, sliding next to him on the bench and beaming in his direction. Suibne clutches his bowl of barley and boiled beans tightly, thinking the larger boy liable to steal what little he has in retaliation for the black eye blooming on his cheekbone.
“Few noise complaints, some aggravated assault, and at least three people who went missing from there or nearby in the last two months. Local authorities have them noted down, but there’s no concrete evidence that the hotel is the one behind anything and they’re already stretched thin as it is.”
“Oh I think we should dedicate the next team meeting to that alone.” That melodic rumble was one Tony would know in his sleep, in his dreams, anywhere. He rolled his head to the side to where Steve sat by Tony’s bedside, steady as a rock and just as unreadable.
and he wouldn’t just up and vanish without a word to us. You don’t know him. You don’t. So why don’t you get off your ass and actually pretend like you give a damn about any of the paying customers in this hotel for one goddamn minute, and check if there were any staff on duty last night that might have seen something?”
He shrugged into one of the inn’s godawful dressing gowns – then briefly regretted it, in case they had lice or something – and a pair of slippers, before slipping out the door. Ice. Even this hotel had to have ice, right? He spotted a container named so at the end of the landing and made a bee-line for it.
Of course. This fucking hotel. Why didn’t Steve pick somewhere else? Anywhere else? If he had just sucked it up and asked Tony’s advice when he was planning this vacation, he could have avoided this in a heartbeat. All it would have taken was a three second search and Tony would have said, ‘nope, pick another hotel Steve, and call the local authorities while you’re at it’. Then Tony would be here now, probably sitting with his feet in Steve’s lap and looking at him with those impossibly warm brown eyes of his; the ones that just looked at you and
Tony arched a brow but headed out without saying anything. Steve grabbed his beach bag and followed him without thinking. How could he think? He was lured by the sway of Tony’s ass, swinging side to side. It was hypnotising, like a pendulum, except infinitely better. Each curve was full and round, and Steve wanted to get a handful of each perky cheek and knead them. He wanted to pin Tony down and strip him out of those tiny shorts and lick him all over and –
A movement to his right startled him into alertness and he watched as Greg and the other man stepped forward.
Bruce sighed. “Okay Pepper, can you keep looking into things on your end? We’ll let you know if we find out anything more here.”
Tony decided that was the perfect moment to lean up to capture Steve’s lips in his own. He struggled his way out his grip and forced them upright so he could crawl into Steve’s lap.
“He wasn’t at the bar, or the police station, or at any of the local coffee shops,” Steve told the team when they congregated that afternoon.
Tony didn’t know how close he was. Steve just shrugged and said. “If I was planning on that I would have brought a hat to match.”
Steve saw red. He was dimly aware of Bruce and Nat at either side, getting a grip on either arm, and Nat whispering, “Control yourself for a minute Steve, we still might be able to get something out of this asswipe”
Tony’s glare was caustic. “Flying the suit and flying packed in like a sardine in a great, lumbering death-trap designed by sup-par engineers who probably couldn’t tell an electrode from a electrolyte, are two very different things. One I can control, and the other raises my chances of being declared sexiest male celebrity to die before fifty by eighty-seven-point three percent.”
Once Clint’s laughter had died down, he managed to wheeze out, “A little out of character don’t you think, Iron Man?”
The man rolled his eyes. “Calm your titties, he probably just wandered off to enjoy himself. No biggie.”
And he really had to stop thinking about this before certain parts of his anatomy made themselves hard to ignore. He was already half-hard, and he willed down his erection. They’d already made it down to the pool, he realised, while he hadn’t been paying attention. Tony was spreading out his towel over one of the rickety lounge chairs and lying down on this front. Which meant Steve could ogle all he liked. But he resisted. Just.
Another man stepped out of the room over the object they’d dropped and yep, that was definitely a body. The man’s boot clipped the side of the bag and the bag let out of whimper. A live body at least.
“Doesn’t want to go to the beach?” Tony spluttered. He turned on Steve. “You’re wearing your swim clothes.”
Tony couldn’t pin down the expression on Steve’s face, but he felt his own cheeks flush in embarrassment and annoyance. “Of course I meant it,” he said through gritted teeth. “You’re smart and generous and one of the most devious little shits out there. You’re literally the most lovable person on the planet, and Steve-”
“Wait, wait,” Tony tried to breathe and retain a braincell or two with which to form a sentence. “You don’t have to do this.”
“First off, I know you’re trolling me by using ‘back in my day’. That is the fifth time this week. I am
“He’s noticed too but he’s as much in the dark as I am. He only figured something was up when he realised Tony had backed out of their sparring sessions for the last month. If there’s one thing Tony’s good at, it’s putting on a show.”
Greg’s pal jerked him forward so that the paper was basically plastered to his face. “Okay, okay, back up so I can see what you’re shoving at me.”
Steve fixed him with a look. Tony looked back at him belligerently. Steve knew he was pestering, and coming off as overbearing, but he didn’t like the thought of Tony all red and burnt and in pain. And he was the first to admit that when it came to Tony, he did get rather…protective. Who could blame him though? It was a knee-jerk reaction since Tony’s own survival instincts and general common sense when it came to standard things like eating, sleeping, and not putting himself in harm’s way appeared to be almost at nil. Sometimes he wondered how Tony would have survived if the rest of the avengers hadn’t moved in. He probably would have cooked up an evil AI or something by now.
“You’re a menace,” Steve snarled, something animalistic in his voice as he helped pull Tony entirely into his lap. “And I really wish we were having this conversation in a different bed.”
Though not the most surprising thing Tony had ever done – and boy, did Tony live to surprise them – it
Pepper agreed and signed off. Steve focused on cleaning out his knuckles meticulously. He didn’t even flinch. Then again, he was used to it by now. It didn’t compare in the slightest to the pain he felt at Tony being missing. God, Tony. Where was he? Was he even – what if he wasn’t – wasn’t…?
Tony shrugged a shoulder elegantly. “We can totally have sex in the medical wing. No one would know.”
Strategy was second nature to him, and this kind of mission was second nature to them all. His family fanned around him, and after a quick stop for planning, they spread out. Thor and Clint took the rooftop entry while Bruce and Natasha slipped through a basement window. That left Steve to come in with a distraction straight through the front. It was hard not to think about how, if Tony was here, he would be at Steve’s side, going in the front door guns blazing. He was his automatic partner in everything.
“Tony…” Steve began hesitantly. He squeezed Tony’s captured hand between his own. “You know I’ve always thought the world of you-”
Tony pinched the bridge of his nose and took a deep breath in. He held it, counted to ten, and let it go. “It’s fine. Let’s just get this over with.”
“Maybe next time.” Bruce’s eyes flicked to Steve’s and Tony suddenly remembered that there was a little something or two he might have said before he slipped into unconsciousness.
) and then on the swamp cruise Thor wrestled an alligator and scared the crap out of their tour guide. Bruce and Nat bought frankly hideous flamingo shot glasses and a black shirt covered in flamingos for Steve. God bless him he actually seemed touched by the gesture.
Only dimly aware of anything that wasn’t Tony in his arms, he relayed their position over the comms before turning his attention to Tony’s injuries. He was bloody, but most of it appeared to be bruising. There was a gash on his head and Steve was guessing he had concussion. He was holding his ribs funny enough that Steve bet they were bruised too. God, he had half a mind to go back for Greg and-
Tony weathered it all, awkward and pleased by turns. Never mind how embarrassing it was to have been captured by low-time criminals, they had come for him. The Avengers had come for him and he was safe.
It was also wrong. Steve was his best friend, and Steve was asleep and didn’t know it was him. Who knew who he was dreaming about, but he hardly expected they’d ended up cuddling in the night as a part of Steve’s master plan to win him over. He definitely wasn’t worth that.
” Tony wagged a finger at the good captain’s face, but Steve’s placid smile remained firmly in place. “Secondly, the last plane you flew in
“Good. You’re awake.” Greg said. Unless Tony was imagining things, Greg looked a whole lot less pretty than the last time he’d seen him. The right side of his face was one giant mess of purple and green, and he was holding his arm funny. Something must have happened to him between last night and…and whenever it was now. How long had he been out?
Steve’s modus operandi also appeared to be perfect for distracting people, allowing the others to sneak in with relatively little resistance. The fire from a criminal on the second floor ceased abruptly and he looked up to see Thor standing over the man’s crumpled form like an avenging angel out of pop tarts. Steve nodded his head in thanks. However, these criminals also weren’t putting up much of a fight. Not because they had some nefarious and overly complicated plot to lure them in (thank you Doctor Doom), but because they were…useless. It was puzzling.
Tony clasped Steve’s hand in his, even as Steve’s arm clasped around his waist to keep him even more secure, and he knew he was exactly where he was meant to be.
“I’ll pass for the moment,” he said. There was no way he was leaving this lounge chair until he had flagged.
Steve’s above-baseline human hearing meant he could hear Pepper’s frustrated sigh with perfect clarity. “And he didn’t give you anything about Tony?”
Steve pulled back. Okay, even by Tony’s standards that was a weak one. Steve stared him down a moment, before drawing both of Tony’s hands over his head, gently, reverently, until Tony was pinned in place and laid bare. He leaned in until his lips were brushing against Tony’s own, until they were sharing the same space, the same air, everything Tony had ever wanted and never imagined he could ask for.
“No, I am honestly shocked that Steve won the competition – like all of you are. Don’t pretend I don’t know you tried to cheat, wonder twins, and Steve
Tony sighed, and wrapped a hand around Steve’s bicep, stepping in close. Steve tried to pretend his breathing didn’t hitch at the close proximity, that his heart didn’t speed up a little. “Is this about the sunscreen thing again?” he asked quietly. “Because I promise to protect my body from the bad, bad UV rays.”
Over the comms he heard Bruce say, “We’ve found a whole bunch of hostages in the basement. Looks like human trafficking.”
“Do you want me to shut up or do you want me to tell you who this is, because I’m honestly confused here-”
Tony woke up in hospital to two-hundred and twenty pounds of anxious super-soldier hovering over him. He could see the rest of the Avengers spread out over the room and he was so goddamn relieved he had to choke back a sob. Bruce was pacing while he read over Tony’s medical chart, Nat was sprawled with her legs over the side of a chair as she idly devoured what Tony was fairly sure was Russian erotica, and Clint and Bruce were taking turns throwing candy into each other’s mouths. Of course, the second Tony made a sound all attention was on him.
Tony ignored her. “At least on my own jet, I know it was designed by someone competent and that it has a mini-bar and dancing stewardesses to distract me.”
As usual, he just had to deal with the fallout. Which in this case was the agony that ripped through his skull. Not because of the punch – he wouldn’t give Greg that much credit – but because of the punch on top of his illness. Maybe he should have just told Steve he was too ill to go on vacation. But that would have meant also telling Steve he was sick, because there was no way Captain Stubborn-pants would have rested until he knew why. And as soon as he knew why he would have been angry – or worse, disappointed – that Tony had kept this from him for so long. Which would have meant passive-aggressive sulking and moping and too long spent in the gym and him lurking in the living room supposedly watching infomercials – Steve hated infomercials – while actually just waiting for Tony to come home so he could give him those betrayed puppy eyes he did so well, and making the rest of the team avoid the room like the plague.
Steve grunted. He could point out that Thor, and more rarely, Natasha also joined in on those pranks (though with Natasha, no one could ever prove it).
The rest of the Avengers were only mildly less of a disgrace. Natasha was wearing a cute summer dress, sure (which upon closer inspection was actually decorated with tiny daggers), and Bruce was as inconspicuous as usual in a tee-and board shorts, but the rest of them… Clint had clearly decided to save time by wearing his bright purple swim shorts around, and a shirt that read ‘watch out, big and dumber coming through’. Thor’s tiny shirt said, ‘I’m big and dumber’. And he had crocs. Actual crocs. Tony wasn’t even sure if that could be blamed on Clint or whether the god had just rolled out of bed with a craving for awful footwear.
It was almost laughably easy how quickly Steve and the others managed to find Tony once they knew what they were looking for. After the small ‘incident’ with his room – and Clint was still teasing him over whoever had gotten a shot of him shitty, shirtless, and covered in ash for the front page – it was easy enough to find someone who’d clearly been in on it. The found a man waiting behind the inn and gave him the shake-down. He gave them everything they wanted to know. The names of the men who’d taken Tony, where they’d taken them, why they’d taken them.
It was bright and early the next morning, the Florida sun only outshone by the harsh glare of the godawful Hawaiian shirt Steve was wearing.
The man barely glanced over at him from where he had his feet up on the bench, a playboy magazine balanced on his beer gut. He grunted the affirmative.
He heard someone clearing their throat and was confused for a moment, until he heard Hawkeye say, “Is this a good time to remind him that his comms are still on?”
They just had to find him and get him back. Whatever trouble Tony had stumbled into, they would get him back.
So, he rubbed Tony down. He rubbed him down good, making sure not to miss any spots along his back or his neck, or the backs and sides of his arms. When his hands started working down towards his lower back and his hips though, he couldn’t help but think about Tony’s bubble butt. There really was no other word for it. It was the sexiest ass Steve had ever seen and he wanted to bite it. His fingers started slipping further and further down, eliciting groans of a slightly more friendly nature. His hands had just gotten down to the curve of his ass, flirting under the seam of his shorts, when Tony cleared his throat.
I never thought I would be lucky enough to have my feelings returned by you.” Steve’s eyes bore into his and Tony wondered how anything could be that blue. “You are the best man I have ever met and my favourite person on this planet.” He dipped in for a thorough kiss that left Tony quaking in his bedsheets. “I love you, Tony.”
“Let me make this perfectly clear. I have been gone over you almost since the day I met you. Certainly since I realised fighting with you was the best part of my day. You are warm and kind and giving and incredibly frustrating sometimes, I’m not going to lie-”
Steve stormed into a long, narrow room whose only occupants were a man and woman packaging coke. He took great pleasure reigning destruction.
“Hey. Hey, Tony!” he gave him a shake and he jolted to attention. “Don’t pass out on me, ambulances are on their way.”
Then the man in question appeared, thankfully wearing some casual clothes over top of his swim shorts for the moment. He clapped his hands together. “Alright people, what’s the hold up? Let’s go!”
But now Stefanus’s face dims, his brows lowered in frustration. “You do realize we aren’t like that. We never were.”
Okay, so maybe Antony needn’t have had any concerns about the man’s cock. It’s larger than normal, proportional to his broad frame, and already stiffening up under his gaze.
Steve doesn’t break his stride, bringing his lightsaber down then around, fluidly turning to face Stark’s direction as he execute the next moves. “You don’t seem to have any trouble, and not one of your partners has ever seen your face. How one’s face looks hardly seems relevant.”
They dance a simple box step across the floor with Steve watching his feet to ensure he doesn’t step on Tony’s toes until he gets the hang of it.
Suibne throws down his trident, rips off his manica, and lunges at Bacchus as both tumble to the ground in a tangle of legs and fists.
Stefanus doesn’t stay in the arena for the ceremonial confirmation of death and removal of the corpse. He doesn’t watch as an official dressed in the robes of Dis Pater strikes Aemilius with a mallet then another dressed as Mercury touches a glowing branding iron to the body to prove he is no longer of this world. Nor does he watch as Aemilius is laid on the couch of Libitina to be carried to the morgue where he will be divested of his valuable armor and throat slashed to further ensure death. Because in the end, what is the value of a man, an auctoratus who must sell himself to the games to feed his family? Aemilius lies dead, and Stefanus is his executioner, the knife Rome used to cut a good man’s life short.
It’s not that Tony can’t drink alone – he often does – but he does enjoy company from time to time. Unfortunately, the pickings are slim on their voyage. Pepper refuses to imbibe while on assignment, so he is left with his reticent bunkmate.
Bacchus nods, reaching for his own winner’s purse when Stefanus interjects, “I’d like to contribute as well.”
“Because you’re one of us: a hero. Always have been,” Steve reiterates, “but that doesn’t mean you have to do it all alone or that you’ll never doubt yourself. We’re only human, and it happens to the best of us, but being a team means we can rely on each other to help pull us through.”
“He didn’t know before, but he’ll stay now, Mamma,” Tony says, but the look on her face is anything but reassuring, “right?”
Antony waves off his concern. “What of him? I am in need of protection when I venture out same as you, and yet I do not cast doubt on the quality of the men you hire.”
The first night, Steve barely sleeps. Tony isn’t a calm sleeper. He doesn’t settle, tossing and turning for hours while occasionally smacking into the wall that is Steve’s body beside him. Naturally a light sleeper himself and further attuned to his surroundings on active mission, Steve can barely catch thirty consecutive minutes of sleep. He finally gives up at dawn, ready to start the day.
,” Tony states. “Why can’t you send Cap and Jan? It makes more sense. They already live in sin; it’s not that much of a stretch he’d pop the question once her divorce finalizes.”
“Yeah. Yeah, I do. I can’t sit back and watch you destroy yourself. That doesn’t work for me, and I– I’m just no good for you either, okay? This arrangement isn’t helping either of us.” He reaches into his sock drawer.
Some men like to exert their dominance, to push a man down onto any flat surface and make him take it. Perhaps it makes them feel big to force their cocks into spaces that do not want them, makes them feel like real men, virile men. But others are like Antony, men who have everything but what they crave most.
Noxii: Condemned criminals usually sentenced to die by beast in the venationes (beast hunts) or the ludi meridian (fatal re-enactments of Greek or Roman myths, such as the immolation of Hercules, the death of Orpheus at the hands of a bear, the castration and possible impalement of Attis, etc)
Tony only grumbles, “Last time I do you a favor.” He looks over at Stark-tropolis. “What do you say, Cap? Ready to save the day?”
The door swings open to reveal Steve dressed to the nines in the tuxedo Tony had made for him for the event, his shirt pressed and starched and hair neatly combed and parted on the right. The man cleans up nice…
“Okay, thanks for the drinks, but we should get going,” Steve says, nearly bodily herding Tony away from the bar.
“I said fuck him already.” He injects so much persuasive force into his voice, Stark nearly shivers with the assault on his senses, but he complies, removing his fingers and sliding his dick inside in one firm stroke. Rogers nearly shouts at the sudden intrusion, his body going taut, his face pinched. Stark whimpers, the hands on Rogers’s hips shake as he thrusts in rhythmically though much too fast, much too rough to be pleasurable for his partner. Rogers grunts painfully and palms the edge of his desk so hard, Purple Man wonders if he’s going to split the wood. Which would be a shame. It is high-quality mahogany after all.
“I do,” Steve admits, “and when that happens, I know I can always count on Iron Man – on you – to figure it out for the rest of us.”
“Scavengers got my ship. I’m about a three-day walk from your location. You think I could get a tow and some parts to fix her up?”
“Oh hey, so your bed’s being delivered today. I hope you got all the sheets and pillows off the old one,” Stark greets him as he pours a second mug of coffee for Steve and slides it across the counter.
Many gladiatorial games were hosted by the state and sponsored by politicians who may use a relative’s recent death as an excuse to hold the games as part of a munus (duty or obligation, originally towards the dead). However, politically-astute politicians may strategically delay a munus before elections for political gain. For instance, Julius Caesar is said to have thrown a particularly elaborate munus (containing 320 pairs of gladiators) in 65 BC for his deceased father twenty years after his death in a move to appeal to the public, which Hadrianus would have been aware of by the time of this fic.
“I have hired Julia to… show her appreciation, if you would like that,” Antony explains, “but only if you desire to partake, and she will be paid either way.”
Rhodey had been in charge of the initial interview, and if he had rubber-stamped a candidate, then who is he to complain when Tony actually selected said candidate. Had he had found Mr. Rogers deficient in any way, then he shouldn’t have passed him along.
The candidate Rhodey sends is decidedly not a beauty. Small and worryingly scrawny, the man looks as if he wouldn’t survive a stiff breeze, much less the journey to Egypt. Why, the dry heat alone would–
“Hm, I am surprised anything I do warrants the notice of the paterfamilias. I must be moving up in the world.”
“On the contrary; I have been working tirelessly on your behalf, attending many a social function to persuade the influential paterfamilias to your side.” A simple ‘thank you’ wouldn’t be remiss.
Sir Steve Rogers’s brothers-in-arms offend the fae and are turned into swans. Steve strikes a bargain to lift the curse at his own peril.
“Careful,” Stark admonishes them as the sounds come to a stop. “These devices are delicate, and I cannot have you throwing them about.”
Steve’s body goes rigid, his eyes closed and mouth wide when he comes, spurting all over his stomach and chest. Tony follows not long after, spilling over the edge of Steve’s sheets and onto the hardwood floor. He sits back on his haunches, his body sticky and spent, and he’s about to grab his pants and leave when Steve sits up and reaches over, collecting Tony in his arms.
“Not that,” Steve states firmly. “I don’t know what he’s telling you, but you don’t have to take that.”
“It doesn’t count if you had to pay for it,” Bucky reminds him, though Pinky kicks him for his trouble. He seems really interested in the answer.
“Word is he doesn’t want his bodyguard to split alliances between himself and Hadrianus’s rivals,” Bacchus had told him once he heard. “But Dominus thinks you must have bewitched him with your fine ass.”
Tony stops, his demeanor hurt, suddenly angry. “Oh, I get it. Yer too good to fuck Tony, is that it?”
“Alright,” Tony tentatively agrees, picking up their plates and silverware. “I’ll be in the kitchen, washing the dishes when you need me.”
“To the average clone? Probably not,” he admits. “I’m still not dawdling on Tython to find out. I said I’d deliver you to the planet – that was the deal, and I’m sticking to it – but you’re on your own once we touch down, got it?”
Suddenly, there’s another set of knocks from an adjacent wall, from the hallway where the instructors regularly patrolled. G-O / T-O / S-L-E-E-P / D-E-T-E-N-T-I-O-N / R-O-G-E-R-S
So, Steve didn’t fit in with the other pupils, but it also didn’t help that Master Phillips himself didn’t seem to like him all that much either.
“…Was that her name?” Tony snaps his fingers. “She looked like a Cindy. But yeah, she liked me. I could tell.”
“You ever…” but Tony stops. He’s not sure he wants to know if Steve has broken it in yet in the carnal sense, if he has moved on after all.
Tony coughs, hacking up a single white petal that he discards in a tissue. “I imagine I’ll get discharged eventually.”
“Rise and Shine, shellhead,” Steve calls out a week later, his tone chipper as he flips on the lights at an unreasonably early 10am. Tony groans and stuffs his head under a pillow while the woman beside him screams and steals all the sheets in an attempt to cover her own nudity, revealing Tony’s naked ass to Steve.
But Barnes doesn’t stand down. “You’re just jealous Rogers didn’t have to bribe nobody for his spot. They just accepted him, no questions asked. You think you know better than the masters?”
This chapter is from Steve’s POV and implies that Steve/Stefanus and Bucky/Bacchus were prostituted out at a young age, but there is nothing explicitly shown, and the main story starts with Steve meeting Tony when he is in his early twenties. These early experiences do affect how Steve relates to both Tony and Bucky. Again, there is no Stucky/Stuckony in this fic, but Steve is very close to Bucky (in the purely platonic sense), which causes friction in his relationship with Tony.
It’s not entirely surprising. The hugs that went on a tad too long, the furtive glances, their ‘sparring’ sessions that were anything but innocent to even the outside observer followed by locker room showers… it was bound to happen eventually.
Steve fumbles at his belt, tossing the iron mace at his side as well as his steel sword and iron buckle for good measure behind him into the wood.
Bucky had been popular, kissing all manner of fellow younglings, but Steve had not been nearly as successful despite his friend’s best efforts. He hadn’t had his first kiss by the time he passed the Initiate Trials and that streak continued through his apprenticeship under Master Erskine. Having been singularly focused on becoming a knight, it hadn’t seemed like a big deal at the time, but as he watches Stark strip off his beskar chest plate and shin guards but leave his helmet, Steve wishes he could have maybe kissed a being or two before this point.
“Aerospace,” Tony specifies. “It’s basically a specialization of mechanical engineering. We’re in a lot of the same classes, so we end up studying together a lot. He’s not like the other people in my dorm. It’s just nice being able to talk about applied mechanics and have him understand what I’m saying, you know?”
The consequences are immediate. One second, Dracula is sitting across from Steve, annoyed but otherwise harmless, and the next, he has pounced on him, his long fingernails fisted in Steve’s shirt, scratching the skin underneath, and teeth hovering over his neck. He screams when he spots the silver chain Tony had given Steve to wear under his shirt, and it is only rage that keeps him from flying off at the sight as he tries to work his way around the necklace without burning himself too badly.
It takes a minute for Steve’s tongue to unstick and start working. “…What?” If his pitch is a little high, Stark doesn’t seem to notice.
Okay, now Steve is just being ridiculous. “I’m sure you’ll do fine. Tons of people kiss every day, and no one has died from it” that Tony knows of, anyway.
Five harrowing minutes later when they have finally leveled off, Steve climbs over the bodies, the table along with various detritus Stark had previously stacked upon it. He eventually makes it to the cockpit where he falls into the copilot seat and straps himself in. He breathes heavily, his adrenaline still running high but with the edge just beginning to subside. “So…” he begins, “That went well.”
“Less talking, more assisting,” Tony says as he exits the burial chambers back into the antechamber.
“I am… happy to be of service to you in whichever way you choose to have me,” Stefanus replies flatly, the hesitation plain in his tone.
Steve is ill at ease. There is something wrong here; he can feel it deep in his bones, though he is uncertain of the source. The woods are darker in the underbrush, the canopy becoming thick enough to blot out the sun.
“So, what you’re saying is girls like to be called women?” Tony had asked one day while they were studying for their computational thinking exam.
It is not the first time Steve misses Master Erskine. Master Erskine had been kind and (in retrospect) patient with Steve. He had believed in Steve’s potential and encouraged his growth and mental discipline over the years, ever since Steve had passed the Initiate Trials and was promptly selected by Master Erskine as his padawan.
“My hero,” Tony deadpans, completely unimpressed. “So. You thought you’d save me, and I’d… do what? Jump on your dick in a show of gratitude?”
The team cheers their concurrence, spirits all lifted thanks to Tony. Maybe they do stand a chance. Putting Tony on the field is a power move in and of itself, and after an inning of three strikes in a row, not a single player even clipping the ball, that could be enough of a confidence shaker to throw the Pacific Coast off their game.
Clint shrugs and shouts over towards their coach. "Hey, Nat, what's the hold up?" The man is fearless.
“If you have any more issues,” Natasha interrupts. “You can take it up with Fury or Van Dyne, okay? This wasn’t my decision. All I know is that from where I sit, we needed a star pitcher and now we have one. My job isn’t to make sure Steve Rogers’ life is all sunshine and rainbows every single day. My job is to keep you lot in shape so The Avengers can keep winning games, got it?” She brushes her hair back from her face in frustration. “I’m sorry you weren’t made aware of this before today, I really am, but now you know and as captain of this team I expect you to be professional and move forward with this decision.”
"Yeah," Tony holds it at eye level, turning it back and forth before setting it back down. "You don't have to pretend to be interested. I know your brain probably runs on possible plays and defensive line-ups."
Or maybe the simpler explanation is that Steve is simply a decent guy trying to take the sting out of rejection.
“Yeah,” Tony plasters on a smile. “How good you look when you meet Dad is definitely not going to factor into whether or not he decides to eat you.”
But Steve is already concentrating on a solution, his fingers glancing the end of the screen as he closes his eyes and feels the faint life energy of the remaining tie fighters, their positioning, the fuel and fluids running through their ships, their… it’s not exactly anger but a form of emotional detachment mixed with the thrill of the chase. Steve feels it, feels them. Two are close together now, closing in on their location. He reaches out of his mind, takes a hold of them both and gives them a sharp tug towards the center. What follows is a flare up of heat and fire, the threads of his influence growing taut then suddenly slack.
Tony hadn’t even considered the money a loan. “If you can’t pay me back, I’m not planning to hire an enforcer to break your kneecaps, Cap,” he replies, playfully stealing a french fry from Steve’s plate.
Huh, Steve didn’t strike him as a bottom, but it made sense in a way. It was likely all the poor sap could manage pre-serum; perhaps he had just developed a taste for it. But Stark… Did Stark fuck Captain America so hard he
Bacchus can only smile and rest his own hand over Stefanus’s to reassure him. “I will see you at the winner’s feast after,” he says before turning to gather his weighted net with practiced ease as well as his trident. He palms the long handle, tossing it lightly to test the balance. “I hear tell Pompeia will be there, and she may offer you a discount after such a… riveting performance.”
Steve stands as well. “My master wasn’t a ‘grumpy asshole.’ He was kind and full of joy, and he always encouraged me to become the best Jedi he knew I could be.”
Steve retracts his hand. “Ma’am, I’m a married man.” Sort of. On paper. And even if he hadn’t been, he had made his disinterest clear enough so as to render any further attempts to bypass his boundaries unseemly.
She stubs out her cigarette and turns to Steve, leaning in closer to seductively stroke his hip and pluck the half-finished cigarette from his lips. She smells of smoke and sex, and her eyes are a touch too bright.
This chapter is from Tony’s POV and will delve a little bit into Tony’s childhood. In stark contrast to what happened with slave children (slaves were often sold naked and considered available for sex at young ages), Roman attitudes towards the freeborn were very much “Think of the Children.” Freeborn boys and girls wore a purple-bordered garment, the toga praetexta, and protective amulets (the penis-shaped bulla for boys or the crescent-moon-shaped lunula for girls), which indicated their status. Adults could not use obscene language in front of children wearing the toga praetexta, and having sex with them was a capital offence (though there is some indication that some men found the toga praetexta alluring, like jail bait today). When boys reached 15-16, they went through a ceremony where they took off the toga praetexta, put on the transitional tunica recta, then dedicated both the toga praetexta and their bulla to Lares, the household gods of the family. They then don the white toga virillis (toga of manhood). This ceremony usually happened during Liberalia in mid-March. Young men would commonly hire a prostitute as their first sexual experience before they were married at later ages. (Young women would be expected to remain virginal until their first marriage, though there was no stigma with divorce or being married multiple times.)
“It’s not over yet,” Stark says, peering down at his radar where multiple dots are converging on their location. “There are tie fighters on our tail. Six of them. Hold on!” He jerks the control stick to the right, causing the craft to pitch and roll as a series of blaster fire passes under them.
“It’s nothing,” Steve says, but Tony knows he only has to wait a few minutes before– “It’s just that… well… I don’t know. It’s stupid.”
But Antony waves him off. “You are too kind, Aternius, and Lucius is a tempting treat, but I must decline tonight. A man’s work is never done, and I must rise early on the morrow if I am to draw up the plans for improvements to the city’s aqueducts,” he sighs dramatically and truly does look sorry for missing out on the boy’s company, but “Sometimes a man must put off what he desires to do in favor of what he must.”
“Relax, why don’t you?” Purple Man tells Rogers, and his body visibly slackens as if he is a marionette whose strings have been severed.
“Steve, are you feeling alright?” Tony asks with some concern as he leads them towards the edge of the dance floor. “I didn’t dip you that long, but it looks like all the blood rushed to your head.”
“Antony honey, you seem like a nice young man, but your former lover is a cunt,” she states bluntly. The fact that a woman could be so forward in her language shocks Antony into silence. “It is not polite, but it is the truth. He is not a good man.”
And so they move together as a group, Tony clearly rattled but subdued at Steve’s side. “Is it always like that?” he whispers, his voice faltering.
He had rented a studio in Brooklyn, and most of his “furniture” (if it could be called that) was clearly broke college-student dorm fare. There’s a card table surrounded by milk cartons and folding chairs as well as an old television set on an IKEA coffee table, but at least he had a real full-size bed, big enough for two.
Still, this was a mistake. Tony had already been down this route with his last assistant Gialetta, and see how well that had turned out. She had even used Tony’s trust, their intimacy, to deduce his secret condition and had exploited her knowledge of his damaged heart…
“You don’t,” Tony insists. “When it’s just the two of us, you don’t talk nothing about girls. It’s superheroes and Danger Mouse and whether vanilla is better than chocolate – which it is
freed humanity from struggle, from conflict and pain, from the burden of choice. Look at the world around you and tell me it’s not worse now that I’m in here. I was a god – your god – but I didn’t let you suffer in the wilderness, alone, without guidance. So tell me truthfully: did you and your little friends really improve anything, by taking me out of the equation?”
“You like that, you pathicus, you filthy scultimidonus? A danger in the arena you are, but a lamb between the sheets. You always spread so pretty for my cock, so hungry for it, aren’t you, boy?” The man murmurs, his breathe hot and rancid on Stefanus’s neck. Stefanus jumps when he smacks his sore ass yet again. “Gods, your globes are so red, so lovely, like ruby pomegranates. I could take a bite out of them right now.”
Ten years after leaving the Jedi Academy, Padawan Steve Rogers finds himself separated from his master and cornered by Storm Troopers, only to be rescued by an unlikely ally.
Perhaps he should sleep outside on the reclining lawn chair, leaving Tony to his own devices. If bandits arrive to kidnap him in the night, Steve will still be close enough to spring into action.
“Maybe we can iron out the details on the way home?” Steve suggests, his fingers interlacing with Tony’s.
Steve does, and that’s the problem. He likes Stark. He had made his peace with that recently, and so he can admit it to himself, but that’s precisely why he cannot sleep with him. What if Steve is terrible at it? What if they’re terrible together? But a deeper fear is what if they’re not? What if Steve is allowed this one time, this one glimpse of happiness, and then he has to give it up? Attachments… they are forbidden for a Jedi. The fear of loss is a path to the dark side, and combined with Steve’s penchant for anger… he can’t do it. He can’t. It is a way to lose himself, and he will never, ever make it back.
“I don’t want to be your father,” Stark clarifies, clearly disturbed at the very idea, “but I could use a partner, someone to watch my back from time to time, and your Jedi tricks have proved pretty useful so far, so…”
Stefanus blocks Bacchus’s blows, the trident glancing off the surface. He spots an opening, hooking the edge of his shield onto the fork of the trident, then dragging it out of Bacchus’s hands entirely to throw it aside into the dust, but Bacchus is on him the next second, bowling him over, reaching for the dagger at his side as he uses his knees and protected left arm to pin a struggling Stefanus to the ground. Stefanus reaches for his sword just out of reach, his fingertips gracing the hilt as Bacchus holds the dagger high, his eyes wild, his breath rapid and erratic.
When Steve wakes in the morning, the man at his back is gone. He turns, his hands searching the bed beside him all the way to the edge to ensure Stark’s absence before he undoes his blindfold. He blinks against the harsh morning light until his vision adjusts, and he locates his clothes folded neatly on a nearby alcove.
the bed? Could he really generate that much power as a top? And to be so blasé about this occurrence… Clint didn’t know he had it in him.
“Good night,” Steve says stiffly before he stands and makes his way to his side of the hotel room. He then slips under the covers, turns off the lights on the nightstand in between their beds, and flips over to face away from Tony.
“Hey, Captain America is cool,” he protests, putting his drawing next to Tony’s. “He’s an American hero who punches Nazis, because there’s nothing more American than punching a Nazi, or that’s what my Bubbe always used to say.”
“It’s an open invitation,” the man rages, looking down his nose at Tony after a spectacularly bad debrief. They’re alone in the conference room at Avengers’ Tower, and Tony is already counting all the furniture in the general vicinity as a loss. Pepper isn’t going to be happy. “Put on the suit; let’s go a few rounds. You and me.”
Tony is devastated by his parents’ deaths. He spirals out of control, indulging in drugs, alcohol, and casual sex, and pushing his friends away even as Steve and Jarvis try to hold him together on the home front. It all comes to a head when Tony brings home a male one-night-stand, and Steve seems out of sorts about the development. Itching for a fight, Tony challenges Steve on his blatant homophobia, but that’s not it.
Loose lips would be a poor attribute for one in my profession.” After all, a lanista is little more than a pimp in more respectable clothing, yet another purveyor of flesh for the consumption of others.
Priscus’s eyes positively sparkle with a knowing sort of look. “Oh yes, that one. He is quite popular, especially after his rousing performance yesterday. I have had many inquiries for his unique skill set.”
“I don’t like who I am around you,” he says instead. And with that, he’s gone, leaving Tony alone with his thoughts.
And so he picks up Thor, imbuing him the deepest, most-authoritative voice he can manage, “Stop the engines, Iron Man! There is someone out there!”
Steve helps where he can, mostly smaller projects on the interior that have nothing to do with essential systems for survival or basic functionality. It would be a shame to exit the atmosphere only to find out that their radiation shielding is insufficient or that he had inadvertently punched a hole in the hull allowing air to escape as signaled by a deadly, high-pitched whistle.
Suibne unfolds the cloth, but it proves too long and voluminous for him to discern how one is supposed to wear it without having it drag along the floor as a tripping hazard. He tries wearing it like a towel and then draping it over his head like a scarf or blanket, wishing for the simplicity of a tunic instead. He’s trapped under the middle of the damn thing when he feels someone pull it off. He’s about to scowl at the intrusion but stops at the look on Bacchus’s face.
“I just think she’d be a good fit for you, you know,” Steve tells him. “I know things have been… difficult, and maybe if–”
Tony stretches, cracking his back as he straightens up and yawns. “I don’t know, man. I got deadlines coming up. Papers, presentations, you know the drill.”
Antony doesn’t know what to say about that, except: “Is this really the conversation you want to have with your son?”
The guy had just stared at him, his eyes traveling from Tony’s baby face to the beer in his hand. “…Not that it’s any of my business, but are you here for a campus visit? Where’s your host?” He surveys the party, trying to find the person responsible for Tony’s presence. “I know not everyone here is 21, but there are limits, man.”
It feels… more than the countless others who came before. Less empty. Most of the men he had been with had been anonymous. He hadn’t known much about them other than the shape and feel of their bodies underneath his own and had thought little of them after the act. It had been purely physical, a pressure release valve on his psyche that once tapped would sustain him for a few days after while not diffusing the main issue, whatever it may be. But Tony… he knew Tony, like he had known Jan or Gail. He had worked with him for months, knew parts of his history, his joys and hurts, and perhaps that made all the difference.
Steve silently withdraws his hand while Tony looks almost weary. “What happened to the DVR I got you for All Hallows’ Eve last year?”
Tony leans up against the counter. “I didn’t know you had a two-bedroom,” he says, peering down the hallway where he counts four doors: one for a bathroom, one for a hall closet, and two at the end that he presumes are for bedrooms.
It is a strange experience, asking for help, especially of the mental variety. Stark men are made of iron, his father used to say. Howard never could suffer a sissy, and here was Tony: too weak, too mentally unfit to simply walk it off. He wonders what Howard would say if he could see him now.
“You are free to join me, Stefanus,” he tells him, his voice low and purposely seductive. “It is rather warm in here, don’t you think?”
“You are not team leader. Director Fury barely let you join up as it is,” he points out. “What was it again? Compulsive behavior. Prone to self-destructive tendencies. Textbook narcissism. It goes a long way towards explaining your insubordination.”
“We heard–” she looks at the bodies strewn around them, her hand tightening around the machete in her grasp. “Any bites?” she asks, her voice tense, business-like.
There will be a time for regrets later, after the last touch, the very last kiss, but for now, they can savor it all, wrapped up in each other.
“You’re looking at him,” Tony says, his affect flat. “Though Rhodey may have been having a little fun with the classifieds. He can be quite the jokester.”
“Still, you have to admit, it’s inconvenient for seemingly no reason. I don’t see how that’s any different than what the Order demands,” he reasons. “Except the Jedi have a reason to abstain.” No families, no attachments to distract from the meditative life and pure purpose of the Jedi, or at least that’s what the masters have always told them.
“No, I just want to talk to him, man to man,” Steve replies. He has been practicing, playing out how the scene would go in his head during his morning run for the past two weeks, and he will not be deterred.
Little by little, Tony felt himself relax. Even if the plane did crash and they went down in a fiery inferno, a little thing like that wouldn’t keep the stubborn Captain from protecting him. Steve was warm and strong and familiar.
want to find him. So whatever it is, I’m not going to judge him for it, and I even promise that I probably won’t yell at him about it. At least, until after he’s safe.”
Steve was still trying to think of a way to get Tony alone and away from Clint that wouldn’t seem selfish and jealous when he chanced a look down.
Steve’s lips trailed down Tony’s neck and he made an inarticulate groan. “Tony. Do I seem uncomfortable to you?”
Steve tried to pretend he wasn’t jealous. That he didn’t feel a little flutter of envy as green as the hulk every time Clint displayed an easy comradery with Tony just by understanding the twenty-first century and all the things that Steve should already know.
They collected their keys from a bored, middle-aged man at reception who was more interested in watching the next episode of
“Okay let’s go people,” Natasha ordered, directing the boys to setting up the net and blowing up the volleyball. When it came to picking teams however, Tony bowed out.
Clint rolled his eyes. “Okay, control issues and narcissistic-personality-disorder. That sounds much more in character.”
That was probably true. Because anything would look better than the crumbling two-storey monstrosity of bad seventies architecture that declared itself the ‘Happy Day Inn’. The paint looked like it had originally been white but given up somewhere in the eighties in favour of a cracking beige colour, and the iron staircase and railing along the second floor was barely clinging to the side of the building. A sad, dying hydrangea bush out front appeared the only attempt at actual colour on the place, and even that was a stretch.
Steve, if Tony’s developed a thick skin about the things people say about him you should have developed at least
Steve clenched his jaw. “Let’s just focus on getting him out first.” He squared his shoulders. “Avengers, assemble.”
…which Steve got a good view of as Tony sauntered past him, declaring that he was going to lounge by the pool for a bit. Steve let out a strangled grunt.
“All I know is what’s on his reservation details, and that we took you because you stumbled on our operation, and we figured we’d take him out so no one would go looking for you but somehow he managed to survive when we set his room on fire. Pete was out back and he said he saw this psycho jump out a second-storey window like it was
Steve strode back into the bedroom and politely took the phone from Bruce. “Pepper? Is there something you know that you’re not telling us?”
On cue Clint poked his head over the back of Tony’s seat and grinned. “Please Stark, if you’d had your way, we’d be brunching exclusively at Disney land.”
“That would generally be considered a bad thing if you knew the people who usually kidnap me. Because unconscious generally equals not talking, and I’m going to warn you. I talk a lot. Not about anything important – I’m not going to tell you the secrets of the armour of Captain America’s super serum – but if you want me to talk about my traumatic childhood, I could go for days. Most would say it started with my father, but
The gravity of the situation had settled over them like a cloak and Steve was about to vibrate out of his skin with tension.
“Or, if you were so set against us flying first class we could have, you know, taken my personal jet.”
Steve’s hands clenched into fists and the skin across his knuckles split wider, even as the super-serum started to kick in and heal them. Nat fixed him with a frustrated look. “Yes Pepper,” she said dryly. “I believe he is aware.”
“Are you okay?” Clint asked, pausing in his nail-painting. “You don’t usually pass out before the tenth drink. If I didn’t know any better, I’d say you were losing your edge.”
you and accepted everything about you. He’d never had someone look at him as fondly as Tony did. He’d never felt so known. God, he loved Tony and it was all his fault that he-
“Oh, so you are distracted?” Tony leered. He leaned in to nibble on Steve’s lip and he felt two super-human hands slid down to clasp his ass. “I couldn’t tell.”
She blew out an exasperated chuckle. “You’re both as stubborn as each other sometimes. Okay listen, he kept insisting it wasn’t a big deal, but you know Tony…”
Tony was out there somewhere, he thought, as he watched the dirty-red water disappear down the drain. Tony was out there somewhere in danger and he didn’t have Steve there to protect him.
Tony managed a rueful smile. “I may also be a bit tired. There’s a lot going on at SI at the moment.”
He tried to swallow, and a stab of pain flashed through his head again. “Ugh,” he moaned. God, it was just getting worse. He wasn’t sure how long he’d be able to avoid telling the team for at this rate.
Bruce, who was managing the phone while Nat held Steve’s knuckles under the running tap, fixed him with an exasperated look. “Broke the reception office. Broke the hotel owner. Not necessarily in that order.”
“Tony?” Steve asked quietly, brushing a dark curl out of the man’s eyes. He tried shaking the man’s shoulder gently. He glanced back at the rest of the team. “I can’t wake him.”
Tony’s sulk intensified. “Bruce, as the only team member not adding to this heaping pile of crazy, you have officially been promoted to my favourite.”
Perhaps you didn’t hear me when I said my friend is missing. His name is Tony, and I – we care about him very much. He is
Once the kids were all tuckered out, they congregated in Tony and Steve’s room to watch crappy TV and devour a mountain of takeaway before Tony started groggily grumbling at them to leave so he could sleep.
So they spent the day doing touristy things. They went sight-seeing on one of those hop-on, hop-off, open-top buses and took pictures of South Beach, Little Havana, and Coconut Grove. Steve took them to the museum to learn about Miami’s history (which, come on, it was
Steve led their way up to the second floor, and the iron grating did indeed squeak ominously beneath them. Steve looked like he was starting to feel bad, and on another day Tony would be trying harder to reassure him that it was okay, but he hadn’t been lying. He had a lot on his plate at the moment, he was tired, and he desperately wanted to freshen up. The lingering smell of fear-sweat from the plane was not helping get him in the holiday mood.
Meanwhile, Tony was half-hard and hoping his voice hadn’t come out as breathy as it had sounded in his head. He definitely wasn’t leaving the pool now. He had no way to turn over without Steve finding out how very comfortably uncomfortably his little sunscreen massage had made him. Curse Captain America for being so good with his hands…and Steve had such big hands too. Jeez, Tony needed a cold shower. Anything to get the sensation of his hands off his skin.
“No,” Pepper said. “Nothing. But JARVIS has just finished a background check on this hotel, and it looks like there’s been some shady stuff going on there.”
Steve took a deep breath. He let it out through his teeth. “Widow, Bruce, you two concentrate on helping the victims. Get ambulance and police on the way and secure the room. Thor, you secure the perimeter. Hawkeye, I want a heads up on any reinforcements coming.”
“So when he tells me that he’s been feeling under the weather lately, I know it’s something more serious.” She huffed. “He’s been missing board meetings, falling asleep at work, and popping aspirin like they’re Halloween candy.”
Well. More trouble than usual. The thing was, he generally was pretty sure of his ability to get himself out of the trouble he got tangled into. This time, he wasn’t so sure. His head was on fire and he could feel the arc reactor working overtime. His muscles were weak too. God, to think he hadn’t even given them a decent fight. Him, who fought super villains on a weekly basis, and he’d been taken by Greg, the Happy-Day Inn-Keeper.
Steve immediately withdrew his hands. God, he was going to go to hell for this. Tony was his friend. He trusted him. And here Steve was lusting over him like some common fool. He busied himself pouring more sunscreen onto his hands and starting again at Tony’s ankles. God, even his ankles were beautiful. By the time he got to his thighs he’d circled through his internal monologue and ended up at the same conclusion.
Reluctantly, he shrugged out of Steve’s grip and out of bed. Steve made a low growling noise and sleepily clung to him, but Tony was slipperier than an eel. Just ask his investment brokers.
And then nothing. Steve shook his head to clear it of his daydreams. Tony didn’t like him like that, and he wasn’t going to press the issue. He valued his friendship too much to lose it. Instead he focused on unpacking his things and cleaning the sketchier surfaces with some wet wipes. He’d just about finished when Tony emerged from the bathroom, freshly showered and wearing an itty-bitty pair of swim shorts. In red. Steve’s brain immediately ceased functioning. They were so tiny they could almost be called speedos. And the way they
Unfortunately, Tony was still weak as a kitten. God Pepper was going to kill him when he got out of this.
All around him his fellow avengers were spread out, ready for action. In another situation, he might have laughed. They were armed to the teeth but dressed in vacation clothes. Nat and Clint were wearing hot pink matching caps that read
“It’s all part of the experience,” Steve insisted calmly. “Back in my day even this would have been a luxury. It’s certainly better than the last plane I flew in.”
out of character. Usually Tony was the one they had to drag out of bed in the mornings, so Steve was naturally a little concerned. He threw on some clothes and wandered out into the hotel to try and find him. Nothing. He wasn’t by the pool, he wasn’t making love to the coffee machine, he wasn’t talking the ear off the janitor, or the receptionist, or that sweet old couple that had flown in last night from South Beach. He dropped by the team’s rooms, but no one had caught sight of him since last night. He tried texting but got nothing back.
Steve understood that. And in fact, Steve had been all for it a minute ago. Then he had remembered Tony’s itty-bitty red swim shorts. While it was one thing for Tony to wear such revealing clothing around him, he really didn’t want to fight with the entirety of the Miami coastline for Tony’s attention.
In a cool voice Steve said, “I’m more concerned about the fact that you’ve been ill and decided not to tell us.” Wow, he hadn’t known that was going to come out until it did. Clearly, he had some issues in letting that go.
That was problematic too. Because straight after seeing Tony wearing his things, came seeing the height difference between them. Out of the suit, or his usual lifts, Tony was several inches shorter than Steve. The fact that he had to step into his space and look up at Steve destroyed any attempt at intimidation and just left him…adorable. To Steve at least. He wanted to scoop Tony up into his arms and never let him go.
Tony arched a brow. “By ambience do you mean feeling crowded, queasy, and vaguely homicidal at the kid behind you that won’t stop kicking your seat? Oh wait – that’s
Steve grinned at him, eyes dark and pupils blown. “Oh they’d know, sweetheart. You’re not exactly quiet on your best days and once I get you in bed, I plan to make you scream.”
Tony blinked up at him, then down at the paper. True, it didn’t have Steve’s name or ‘Captain America’ written over it, but surely that was only a matter of time before someone noticed. Steve might not spend much time out of the hood on camera, but a face like that was worth remembering.
By the time they went out for dinner, Tony was exhausted. He ordered a drink with his Cubano, and Steve quietly asked if he should be mixing alcohol with his medication.
When he closed his eyes that night his lumpy bed which smelled faintly of Doritos, he told himself it wasn't bad all things considered. He was here with family. All he had to do was hide his crush from Steve, hide everything else from everyone else, and things would be fine. Tomorrow could only be an improvement.
“You realise what a PR nightmare this is if it gets out right? Not because of the idiot mouthing off about Tony – though
Steve stared at him. Crime capital? When had that happened? How had he not known that? And he’d chosen to take them
Tony winced, which seemed to jar his ribs. He opened his mouth, but Steve clapped a hand over it gently.
Tony woke sometime in the middle of the night, at once feeling awful and far too comfortable. His head was on fire. It felt like someone had shoved hot pins all over his scalp. But he was also wrapped up a set of strong arms, warm and floaty and comfortable. He peeked over his shoulder to find Steve behind him. Of course. God, he wished he could stay there forever. The good captain was pressed flush against him, spooning with the single-minded determination Tony had come to expect of the national icon. And – oh. Tony’s mind blanked out for a second as he wiggled experimentally. His ass was pressed flush back against what was a more than impressive – er flag. Sure, Tony and Steve had shared showers before and caught each other once or twice naked in the field because of some odd circumstance. But he’d never seen Steve hard and he’d certainly never
And there you have it! I had this silly fluff piece sitting around in my WIP folder for ages and thought I should finally finish it. If you enjoyed, leave a kudo or comment xo
Nat flounced out of her seat with elegant grace and was followed out by Clint and Thor, elbowing each other in amusement. Tony turned his pleading eyes on Bruce, but his favourite scientist shrugged apologetically and then was gone. The door shut with a decisive click and long moments of silence stretched between them. Tony felt raw and exposed and so, so embarrassed. His eyes flicked to Steve’s face, but he was getting absolutely nothing from him apart from team-leadery concern.
Greg closed his mag and sneered at Steve. “Tony, you said? Your ‘roommate’? Yeah, I really don’t think that’s my problem. Now why don’t you back the fuck up and get out of my face pretty boy?” Then Greg turned his sneer on Nat, “You though, sweetcheeks, feel free to get up in my business anytime you want. I got something I could give ya.”
Nat, Clint, and Thor were lined up in front of him, dressed for the day. Natasha had a cute kimono decorated with spider’s web thrown on over her bikini, and Thor was wearing a pair of inflatables (though Steve wasn’t sure where they’d found a pair that would fit over his enormous biceps). Bruce was slinking around the edges underneath a t-shirt and cap that read ‘unwilling vacationer’. Steve wondered whose idea that had been.
“Cut the snark, Captain sassy-pants. I know you too well for that.” Tony narrowed his eyes at him. “And for the record, you have worn far more embarrassing things than I have. So if this is an attempt at hiding away all this natural beauty? Not gonna work.”
He let go quickly but it was too late. Steve was looking at him in concern. That was his concerned face right there. The one that was impossible to resist because he looked like there was nothing more he wanted to do than make sure you were safe and fulfilled and okay. And Tony was never okay.
“You absolute fucker. You’re getting brought down by shady inn-keepers now?” Clint jibed. He flicked Tony on the arm. “I thought I was supposed to be the one with the shitty medical track record.”
And once he was confessing his love, done blowing Steve’s foundations to rubble, done filling him with sudden shaking hope, Tony promptly passed out. Steve was too stunned to be mad about it. Though he was sure he’d be mad again later about Tony’s possible concussion.
Tony blinked at the image of himself tossed over Steve’s shoulder like a bag of potatoes, one strong hand braced on his ass and the other arm wound around the back of his knees. He groaned and slumped back to the bed. He was so goddamn tired.
He’d actually told his best friend and childhood hero that he loved him. For a moment, Tony thought a heart attack might be the best way to go. Just die in his sleep and save himself the embarrassment because really – he’d really said all that. There was no taking it back. There was nowhere to hide.
The next thing he knew, a pair of strong hands were unclipping his seatbelt and he was being dragged into Steve’s lap. He knew he should open his eyes, should protest the indignity and insist that he was an adult, he could sit in his own seat just fine, but he didn’t. He didn’t feel undignified, he just felt safe. Captain America’s arms wrapped around him felt a thousand times safer than whatever protection a flimsy seatbelt could provide. Steve tucked Tony’s head into the curve of his neck, and he inhaled. Though he teased Steve – long and loud and often – about smelling like apple pie and freedom, Steve mostly just smelled fresh; like whatever laundry detergent he used, with a slight hint of sweat.
“You may speak again, Captain. Let Iron Man know what a good job he’s doing and maybe he won’t be so glum, yeah?”
“And I can see that your face remains as clean as a baby’s bottom, while my beard is growing in quite nicely.”
Tony leaves the pie on the dresser and goes to sit beside Steve, turning to collect the man in his arms. Steve simply clings to him and cries.
“But I wish to continue our relationship without the bonds of ownership,” Stefanus says, his voice low as he strokes Antony’s thigh fondly. “I wish to be free.”
He calls him the night he gets his emerald chip marking three-months of sobriety. It’s the longest he’s gone in years without a drink, far longer than he thought he’d get. Small miracles.
“That’s the spirit.” Steve’s face brightens as he claps Tony’s shoulders on either side. “Now, Thor has insta-roasted an entire side of beef for dinner, or flash-fried… whatever you consider cooking with lightning to be. It’s a little blackened and crispy on the outside and raw in the middle but not as bad as the pterodactyl from the victory feast. Less leathery.”
“You are distracted,” Master Phillips tells him. His tone, though gruff, lacks its usual edge of reprimand and disappointment. Perhaps it is resignation – he had been training Steve for seven years now and still the boy managed to earn the odd detention here and there – or maybe it is pity.
Master Phillips gives up. He cannot win, not against a man so seemingly reasonable yet surprisingly stubborn. “I hope you know what you’re doing, Master Erskine.”
“You really think one man is that powerful?” Stark scoffs, his head turned away. “The Jedi tried, but the Senate… they could have stopped him and instead they chose to stand aside.”
Finally, after what feels like hours later, Stefanus escorts him back to the villa. Antony attempts to make light conversation, but the man is stoic and much too focused on their surroundings, as if he expected attack at any moment. Antony supposes he can’t fault him for his heightened awareness – bodyguarding is supposedly his primary responsibility – but there is only so much Antony can do with one- or two-word answers to every avenue of conversation he attempts. Stefanus only manages to relax at the entrance of the Staius villa. He walks Antony up to the door of his bed chamber, but when he moves to stay outside, resolved to stand vigilant all night, Antony lights a lamp and beckons him closer.
Steve sighs. “Tony, I may be overstepping, but I feel the Ultimates should be setting an example, and I’m of the opinion that you should lay off the drinking, at least out in public at such an early hour.” All of Steve’s less-than-stellar actions occur behind closed doors, like a true gentleman.
He curses when two of his gunners are taken out in the effort, leaving him with one remaining and three opponents.
“It’s a good habit to cultivate. Wouldn’t want to slip up and call you ‘Cap.’ People will think there’s trouble in paradise.” Tony puts a finger to his chin, tapping his goatee in consideration. “Or maybe they’ll think that’s what I call you in bed.”
Just then, Tony’s missing unicorn trots up to them to nuzzle Tony, who leans away to gaze at his wayward pet, his face breaking into a large grin. “Oh hey, you’re back. Did you enjoy the convention?”
“You’re right,” Cap agrees, much to Tony’s surprise. “So I’m not gonna bench you, but if you won’t voluntarily step down for your own health, you should consider how it felt to think you might have lost your baby today, and how bad you’ll feel next time if you aren’t so lucky.”
“No, I am perfectly fine,” Antony quickly replies, refusing to flee from under Tiberius’s half-embrace like the baby Tiberius always assumed him to be.
Tony feels Steve’s large hand on his head, stroking his hair, teasing out locks here and there as he chants Tony’s name, tells him how good he is, how much he’d like to return the favor someday, if Tony would teach him. Tony starts to stroke his own erection, spreading his pre-cum over himself to make the glide easier, as he listens to the breathy praise. He breaks away, blowing on Steve’s quivering hole before licking his taint and softly brushing his facial hair against Steve’s thigh.
Rhodey is Tony’s best friend at MIT, and he desperately wants the feeling to be mutual. And so they study and hang out together until Tony is fairly certain he’s grown on Rhodey, like a taste for fine wine or (more accurately) an infestation of black mold.
Tony can see Steve trying to puzzle out what the C stands for. He hopes he never figures it out; otherwise that will be a very awkward conversation about how he doesn’t even attend orgies anymore – not since Afghanistan – but on the bright side, at least Steve will know Tony always uses protection.
What is Antony’s game? Will he choose the opposite should Stefanus disclose his true predilection or punish him if it is does not align with his own? There is a correct response in such questions even if the man will not make it clear.
Antony makes no move for the oil, so he prompts him again, his voice containing an underlying wobble, “The oil?” It’s a final bid for mercy, but when Antony still remains between his legs, Stefanus squeezes his eyes shut, accepting his fate.
Stark sits beside him on the cot in his sleeping quarters. “We don’t have to do this if you’ve changed your mind.”
When Steve emerges from the room hours later, he settles in at an outdoor cabana outside the hotel bar and orders a drink, charging it to the room. It’s unlikely to affect him in any way, but having it in hand helps him fit in, makes it so that the barmaid stops asking if he wants a drink every five minutes.
“The submarine is called ‘the Avenger’?” Steve inquires, getting caught up in the smallest of details as if he himself wasn’t about to half-ass his primary character’s entire backstory.
“I do not understand the point of this exercise,” Dum Dum complains from his seat across the fire. He rests his chin upon his palm, his fingers tapping at his lips before stroking down his bushy mustache. “You already have letters enough to sign your name. A man needs no more than that.”
“It’s really not. I don’t want you to figure out the lengths you’d have to go; it’s kind of embarrassing for me.”
Dr. Ferguson hums, her pen moving across her pad in wide loops. “And why do you think ‘honeybear’ is worried?”
So… to understand Tony’s jealousy, you should know that among gladiators, retiarii had the lowest status and were seen as the most effeminate class compared to more heavily armed gladiators, such as secutores. (Many retiarii may have trained as Samnites, later called secutores, to elevate their status, as Steve does in this fic.) Regardless of low public opinion of their relative status, retiarii were also depicted as both highly skilled combatants and lovers. Possibly because you could actually see their faces, they tended to be very popular among women and some men based on contemporary graffiti. Basically, in this fic, Tony is under the impression that not only is Bucky Steve’s closest friend, but that he might be somewhat of a romantic rival who may also be willing to take on a similarly receptive role for Steve.
“That rat bastard,” Stefanus mumbles, looking down at Aemilius who now struggles to kneel before him. “The disgrace of it all! You fought well and deserved the reprieve, Aemilius.”
Stefanus understands his place, his purpose. Love never entered into the equation with transactions such as these, so he answers honestly, “It is not a fair question for one such as I.”
“…Yes?” He feels clumsy then, voicing his desires. It’s just a kiss, barely anything in the grand scheme of things. It is nothing and yet simultaneously a potential deal-breaker for Stark.
“I would recommend wrapping it before you place it in your satchel,” Tony tells him, completely unamused, as he gingerly holds out the Golden Rod to Steve between thumb and index finger to stow away in his bag.
Antony positively beams as he introduces his lady friend. “Ah Stefanus, this is Julia. She is a dear friend who I have known for a number of years…”
Academy. You think he’ll survive the Crystal Cave of Ilum? Hell, you hand him a ready-made lightsaber, and he’s going to tip over.” Master Phillips looks back at Steve, skinny and underfed, strapped into his seat with his feet swinging underneath. “Look at that. He’s making me cry.”
“You want to watch some football later with the guys?” Steve offers. “I’m going to record it, too. The Giants are real good this year. They’re going to make the playoffs.”
And so he says, “What’s the matter, old man? Performance issues? You know, not uncommon, especially at your age. One out of five–”
“Oh, I’ll survive,” Tony tells him, reluctantly accepting Steve’s hand. “It’s you I’m worried about.”
“But if we can make it into the forest, then maybe – Watch out!” Master Phillips sends a rock flying ahead of Steve which bursts a foot from his back, deflecting a direct hit with enemy fire. He then cries out, having been hit himself in the thigh. Steve returns to his master’s side, slicing through the man who had fired on him and beating back additional forces.
“What have you been eating?” Tiberius asks him as he critically examines Antony's calves which have started to thicken to more adult proportions. “You should cut down on the oats and wheat lest you become less graceful of form.”
In retrospect, riling up Captain America is much easier than it should have been, based on the way Howard always talked about the man with a healthy dose of admiration and more than a little deference as he praised his leadership, bravery, and levelheadedness, saying how Captain America always seemed to make the right decisions even in the midst of combat armed only with a shield. Then again, Aunt Peggy had always said Rogers was an unusually scrappy fella.
“I’ve seen you in the baths. You could become quite popular amongst that set,” he insinuates, glancing pointedly at Suibne’s clothed groin. Suibne glares at him and shifts his thigh for better coverage. Bacchus only holds up his hands. “I do not stare, but it’s hard not to notice. Maybe one day, the rest of you will catch up to your cock.”
She hesitates, then brushes a stray lock of hair off Tony’s forehead, trying to tame the unruly strands. “Your father and I– we… no matter what happens, just remember we both love you very, very much, and nothing will ever change that.”
For Tony, the worst thing about starting a new school is how much younger he is compared to his supposed peers.
“Hmmm… how about a wager if you prove so eager?” The first orb nearly vibrates in excitement at the thought.
He puts down the radio receiver. “Okay Steve, I know that sounds bad, but I already told you I’m not turning you in. We’re still going to Tython. Mandalorian, remember? Word is my bond.”
“I’m sure Marvels would jump on the chance for a special issue. My run was quite popular.” Tony says, wedging himself into the opening, that slight glimmer of weakness where Rhodey might reconsider. “You’ll be well-compensated, naturally.”
Steve is sitting in his room, staring at his hands when Tony knocks on his open door. He bears an entire pie cradled in one arm with a single fork sticking straight up from the middle to suggest the recommended serving size.
Tony nearly trips over himself, kicking off some wires as he exits. He grabs the phone and leans casually against the adjacent wall.
The price is certainly highway robbery, but the merchant’s calculator is dusty and cracked, at least thirty years out of date with some of the buttons barely functional. There’s a gaggle of children – he’s not sure if they’re the merchant’s own or his employees – staring up at him from under the table, where they have taken to crafting animals out of the clay mud sourced from the very ground they sit upon.
“I won’t get to see you that much anymore, you know.” He looks off to the side, at Tony’s last set of bags ready to be packed away. “It’s just… It’ll be different.”
When they’re safely in hyperdrive, he swivels his chair to face Steve. “Did you… what did you do back there?”
It’s a passing fancy of course. In a matter of days, they’ll be on the ship heading towards Tython. Steve will reunite with the survivors (including Bucky, if he’s lucky), and they’ll make a plan to proceed from there.
The morning light is grey, the air heavy with dew that settles on the stones of the courtyard, making them slippery. But it is no matter to the lone figures standing in its center: an instructor and a Jedi Initiate six months shy of undergoing the first round of trials. The instructor taps the boy’s knee with his staff, nudging it an inch over into the correct position.
“I am not ang–” but Steve thinks better of the lie, amending it to the more truthful: “I am simply disappointed. I should have been eligible six months past, and yet, here I remain.” Master Erskine thought him prepared too, but that was before his untimely death, before Steve ran down and crushed his former master’s assassin in what Master Phillips clearly thought of as emotionally-driven overkill.
Tony comes down an hour later, well after he assumes Cynthia has left the premises, only to find the woman in question in the breakfast nook, a third of an omelet growing cold in front of her while she talks animatedly to Steve.
Tony turns away as he squeezes the bridge of his nose between thumb and forefinger before declaring, “Just… just let me go, Cap. It’s time.” Cap is used to losing good soldiers. Tony will just be one in a long line of casualties.
“The piece-de-resistance, the leader of the whole shebang… his name is Iron Man. He’s a billionaire and a genius – no one is smarter than him – and he designs and builds all the Avengers’ tech and pays for everything and makes everyone look cooler. But he has a bad heart, which he fixed by becoming part cyborg.” Iron Man is his personal favorite, the very first superhero he had designed for his team. He has always been there for Tony, even when precious few others had been.
to the state instead of sucking at its teat of tax breaks and subsidies.” And with that, they both walk off in the direction of the Staius villa.
Steve narrows his eyes and without much ceremony, hauls Tony up and impales him on his dick. A better man would go slow, would ensure his partner is comfortable with the intrusion, the angle, before seeking his own pleasure. But Tony doesn’t want a better man. He wants Captain America in all his power and fury, holding Tony down, punishing his body, hurting him in unspeakable, unforgiveable ways…
Priscus stands and extends his right hand for a shake. “Staius, it has been too long. I believe you were but a boy last I saw you.” His hand hovers around chest level. “Perhaps around this tall, and now look at you. How is Hadrianus? I hope he is well.”
“It’s just… well, I haven’t kissed anyone, and what if everyone else has their first kiss, and I don’t, and then I’m bad at it? What if Peggy picks Freddy over me because I miss and kiss her nostril or something? Where do I put my hands?” He holds them up in front of Tony in desperation. “Or what if my tongue is weird – I mean, what am I even supposed to do with it – or what if I have bad breath? You’d tell me if I had bad breath, right?”
He looks at the public advertisement of the munera pasted outside the Forum, tracing Ignatius’s name with his forefinger.
“I’m so sorry,” Rogers interjects, clearly ashamed. “That was… I– I shouldn’t have – That is to say… well…”
His mother pops into the study to collect Tony, but Tony tries to shrug her off, refusing to leave before his father understands the severity of the situation. “Mamma is coughing up flowers because she thinks you don’t love her, and if you leave again, she’ll die.”
Howard was less amused, and when Jarvis had picked him up at the train station, he had warned Tony that his father had locked himself in the study, where he had been on the phone the entire morning, trying to clean up his mess.
“Stark!” Another man approaches them already smelling strongly of martinis and scotch. “We’ve missed you at the club. You haven’t been around in a while, and Ryan and I were thinking about hosting another…
“Tony… you know how I feel about you, and that hasn’t changed,” Steve says softly. “I understand you’re still in recovery. You still have a lot of stuff you’re working through, and the last thing I want is to pressure you when you aren’t ready. I– I’ve wanted you for years, and I can wait a while yet.”
Detention passes uneventfully with Tony doing his homework while Dr. Pym busies himself with some light lesson-planning for the following day. Steve had supposed the man wouldn’t try anything in the presence of witnesses, but he still stays ever vigilant, perking up when Dr. Pym rises from his seat and makes his way closer to Tony, but then he stops at the front, simply announcing the end of detention for the day.
And just like that, Tony’s first kiss is gone and done. He’s elated and fluttery inside, maybe even a touch shy as he glances over at the other boy who is studiously trying not to look in his direction. It was kind of nice, a little sweet even. Maybe–
Stefanus doesn’t say anything. He only palms the edge of the shield, familiarizing himself with the weight and balance of it. He hasn’t seen the like in five years, not since he had strapped his father’s old shield onto his skinny arm and tried to march into battle only to be stopped at the door by his mother who had been afraid he wouldn’t last five minutes against the well-outfitted Roman invaders, not with his weak constitution. She was right in a way. Suibne had died in their captivity shortly after, but Stefanus… Stefanus had lived.
Abraham Erskine/Erasmus is the doctores secutorum, who later picks out and trains up Stefanus as a secutor.
“Yeah,” Master Phillips shouts as he counters a barrage of blaster fire, retreating off the path. “Survive.”
Tony strokes Sparky’s snout, encouraging her to “Go on ahead. I’ll catch up with you in the apple orchard. You deserve it.” He then turns to address Steve, “So, uh… is that why you were acting so weird? You thought I had gotten some, and wanted pointers or something?”
Stefanus is pounding into him now, his own breathing turning labored as he mouths at Antony’s jawline, his tongue dragging across the skin there. Antony can feel the cool clamminess of his skin, smell the combined sweat of their bodies musky in the air, and when Stefanus slides in at just the right angle over and over, sparking pleasure along his spine, Antony muffles his shout into the man’s shoulder and comes, painting the space between their bodies white. As he descends from his euphoric headspace, he vaguely registers Stefanus speeding up before his body becomes rigid as well and his motions jerky, as he spills into Antony himself. He then collapses to the side, slipping out of Antony before he’s even soft, as if he had feared Antony wouldn’t have allowed him to finish once he had come.
“Suit yourself,” and now Steve is stripping. He tries to unbutton his loose shirt, but finding the task difficult, gives up halfway to untuck it from his slacks then pull it over his head and off, throwing it back at Tony.
Steve watches the exchange with dawning horror. Oh God. What if it’s Bruce? How could Steve possibly please Tony if he’s been with the Hulk? The sheer dimensions alone would–
Stefanus’s hands pause. He looks momentarily surprised, devastation and loss flitting across his features before he manages to school them to an acceptable placidity. “Is it my mouth you want, Dominus?”
“Don’t see how it’s any of their business what happens between two consenting adults.” Tony interlaces their fingers, rubbing circles into the spot between Cap’s thumb and index. “You mentioned sparring, but I think it might work better without the suit.”
“Tony, you can’t just hole up in your lab forever,” Steve tries to reason through the door. “You’ll get hungry eventually.”
“I, um… I brought pie,” he says lamely. He steps halfway into the room, uncertain what to say, uncertain whether there is anything he should say, anything he can say. Steve’s mother, his only living relative, is dead. It’s much too soon, and it’s not fair, and there’s nothing Tony can do that will make it any better. “It’s really good pie.”
“None of… What the hell, Stark? The Avengers are my business, and if you can’t… if you have a medical issue that is going to interfere–”
But no. Galina had been in the weight room two nights prior, beefing up for their annual strongest Avenger competition, determined to take Steve down in the ultimate contest of skill and strength. Thor had been spotting her all evening. He had said as much the following day while they were in the guy’s own parlance ‘hurling the pig’s skin.’
Steve can’t see anything, barely has room to so much as breathe, but he hears Stark and Rhodey push the table atop the hatch, metal screeching across metal followed by the sounds of the ship firing up and taxiing slowly to the nearest port. They must reach its destination in customs because the ship pauses once again, though he can still hear the faint hum of engines on standby from within his claustrophobic coffin.
It had been bad, downright ugly, and highly embarrassing. And so first thing in the morning, after he pieces what little he recollects together into a semi-coherent picture, Tony scrounges through his trash for honeybear’s list and calls the first shrink at the top, setting up an introductory session for the following week.
“Don’t answer that,” Stark says, pressing the power button to cut off the transmission. “You think you and your friend are the only ones that know intergalactic standard? That could be anyone on the other side.”
That is a clear falsehood with how much his presence had affected Antony, even before the man so much as gave voice to the first insult. Stefanus may not be Roman; he may not understand all the intricacies of their class system and social networks, but it was clear from their brief conversation that this Servilius fellow is not only an ex-lover of Antony’s, but their relationship had ended on acrimonious terms.
“Just booting it up,” Tony tells them. “It’s a little slow. I’m working on optimizing reaction time.” When the interface sparks into something he recognizes, he forms a fist and twists before straightening his arms to his sides. “J, the door,” he orders, just as the glass door slides open and Iron Man flies into the living room, coming to a stop just above and behind Tony to hover.
Steve leads them in the direction opposite the bedrooms through the utility area then out into the emergency stairwell where they can have privacy.
His opponent, Aemilius, unencumbered by the heavy armor of a secutor, circles him, the retiarius net swaying and swooping from his heavily armored left arm in a scene reminiscent of a fisherman closing in on his quarry. Stefanus can barely see through the small eyeholes of his enclosed helmet, his head protected but peripheral vision curtailed as he concentrates on the dance he had learned so well in his early years at the ludus, observing the small tells in his opponent’s stance as Aemilius prepares the cast.
“A gentleman doesn’t kiss and tell.” Steve mostly stuck to women. Though he was physically attracted to and had sex with both, he exclusively dated the fairer sex. They were soft in ways men often weren’t, seemingly more vulnerable even when tough as nails. Tony is like that in a way, though Steve suspected saying so out loud was one surefire way to simultaneously earn a black eye and quickly put an end to whatever this was developing between them.
“Tell me, Staius. How will Hadrianus work with the patricians to address the dreadful tax rate?” Longinus is asking him, leading to a drawn-out, incredibly dry conversation regarding tax law and policy (Antony’s own personal Tarturus).
The crowd roars around them, all vying for the attention of the editor, hoping to sway his decision one way or the other.
They’re not going to die, and besides: “It’s not a sex toy; it is a very important, very expensive artifact–”
“Though again, we ask you to consider their current forms an improvement,” the first interjects. “You only need speak a word, and you may join your friends.”
Like Steve hadn’t lost the people who raised him, likely many if not all of his friends, and his entire future in a matter of days. Steve is momentarily at a loss for words.
During Imperial Rome after Caesar’s assassination, Augustus restricted the munera to Saturnalia (mid-December) and Quinquatria (late March). Although this fic occurs before this partial ban, the entire fic takes place over the three months between these two festivals.
“So… what do you think, Cap?” Tony asks him as he stands down and subtly commands the suit to descend. Cap circles the suit, inspecting his craftsmanship as Tony continues, “When it’s ready for prime time, maybe you’d like to go toe-to-toe with it; see what the suit can do?”
Later, after Suibne is returned to the retiarii barracks dressed in his scratchy tunic, he lies on his side facing the wall. He doesn’t turn around when he hears someone enter the room nor when he hears that person heft himself up on the top bunk adjacent to him. He only curls up smaller and tries not to cry. Crying is a weakness he can ill-afford. He startles when there is a hand on his ankle then looks over his shoulder to find it is only Bacchus.
“You bastard!” Antony shouts, nearly flying at Tiberius the next time they meet, aiming to gouge out an eye, uncaring of the consequences of such an action.
“No sweat, Tones. I’m just glad you’re finally getting help from a professional.” Rhodey had been really worried about him; Tony can tell by the naked relief in his voice.
There’s a thundering of footsteps as Nat appears at the opening of the aisle, sliding to a stop as Bucky almost runs into her.
Steve turns the minifigure in his hand, noting the tiny wings painted into the side of his head. “…Thanks, Shellhead.”
Tony relaxes. “Really? That’s all you have to say?” He rolls his eyes, immediately annoyed. “Why do you always have to be like that?”
“Does it… does it always hurt?” Suibne asks, the words nearly unintelligible in heavily-accented Latin.
He sighs. “Well, if you do, then I’ll be there for you, okay? Anything you need; anything at all.” There’s a large hand on Tony’s shoulder, which he shrugs off.
Tony wipes his face, scrubbing his chin last before folding it up and discarding it on the side of the vanity. “Yeah, well… it is what it is.” He flushes the toilet. “Now, what was it you were all fired up about?”
They dine under a canopy with white gauzy curtains draped over the crossbeams and a walkway lit by ground-level torches lighting the way. The water is serene and reflecting the last remnants of sunset, pink and orange over a deep blue. The entire scene is intimate, romantic…
He hopes Stefanus is sane at the very least, and if he is not… well, the damage will be minimal considering the man’s station, the wound likely constrained to Antony’s pride to have once again let his cock hamper his common sense.
Steve bows his head. “I beg your pardon on their behalf as well as mine. The fault is entirely our own,” he says, allowing genuine sorrow to filter through his voice. “If you could be so kind as to allow us leave, we will exit your presence with our deepest apologies.”
“I didn’t say that.” Stark rolls his eyes. “I’m just saying most people would assume you’d be the one to… I don’t know, to pitch, and it’s kind of funny that Clint decided the opposite.”
“It would– it would make me more secure,” Stefanus tries to explain. “Being a slave, not owning myself… it is uncomfortable for me, can you not understand? Would it really be so bad to do this one thing for me?” He simply cannot comprehend the source of Antony’s hesitation, how he could not understand Stefanus’s position. The life of a concubinus is precarious at best, but if he were free… he has no plans to leave Antony for as long as Antony wants him. Antony will lose nothing in the bargain, but Stefanus will gain a sense of security, of equality in not just their relationship but life in general.
Shows what Steve knows. Tony has a month’s supply of cocktail garnishes secreted away in his personal stash. Steve would probably make that face again if he mentioned that, the one where he pouted and drew his brows together. Tony hated that face, but mostly he hated disappointing Steve.
A quick inquiry had revealed that the ludus providing the entertainment is owned by Aegeus Servilius Priscus Structus, Tiberius’s uncle. Luckily, the man has a reputation for being a ruthless businessman unlikely to let personal or familial considerations taint his professional dealings. He could be discreet, provided Antony paid for the privilege, and Antony is more than willing to do so if it meant he could have Stefanus of Britannia for the season.
, Steve. I likely won’t see thirty, and you…” he breathes out slow to calm himself. “You’re right; I don’t understand. You say you have nothing but time like time’s worthless, but do you know what I would give to have more?”
Tony stares at the opposite wall, mentally tracing figures in his neighbor’s corkboard, connecting unrelated puncture marks dotting the surface to form geometric shapes. “So, tell me about Pinky and his pursuit of his one and only again? Did he manage to speak to her yet?”
“I can think of one or two activities.” He pulls lightly at Steve’s belt. “Only to pass the time of course, if you’re game.”
Steve would like to go back for Master Phillips just in case… in case what exactly? He knows he has passed in all likelihood, and his late master would be pissed if Steve risked his life for a corpse.
“Hang on! I’m going to get you help,” Steve says, just as he bursts through the fire escape door and beats a path towards the main foyer. They must look quite the picture: a half-naked Tony with blood streaming down his lower face onto his shirt, flecks of white petals plastered to his chin, being whisked away by a topless Steve. The others go silent as Steve bellows, “Nat, call 911!”
“I’m just surprised you followed orders. For once,” Tony states flippantly. “I thought the strain would make you break out in hives.”
“You tell me, doc. Personally, I think I’ve lived a pretty privileged life up to now. Not a lot of people have had the same opportunities, the same advantages I’ve had, so really, I’ve got no cause to complain. I think honeybear’s just worried, you know.”
“Hey, porn is not as good a teacher as experience. Just remember to uh… wrap it up. STDs are no joke.”
Even empty, it’s a tight fit, but Steve only needs to stay put until they’re space-side. Still, it’s not exactly comfortable. When he tucks himself inside, the walls prove tight, and there’s something jutting into his hip. He’s about to say something about it, when Stark tells places a gloved finger over Steve’s lips.
“Not really, no.” Tony had lost it on a stranger’s bed at a frat party first chance he got. “But you know what? It’s your decision.”
“We are very happy, ecstatic really,” he gushes as Steve stands behind him, ever the stoic but supportive spouse. “This ruling has been a long time coming, and I’m so happy to have married the love of my life.”
Would Steve look at him differently if he knew Tony occasionally (and very, very discretely) batted for the other team?
“Kiss me again,” Steve murmurs, his lips nibbling at Stark’s jawline as the man lets out a shuttering breath. Their lips meet, sloppier this time, as one of Stark’s hands slides downwards to palm Steve’s growing erection.
“I will not ask how it went because it’s rarely a happy answer, but it will get easier,” he says. “The freeborn… they have these ideas that are simply not practical for people like you and me. It… it does not make you any less of a man. Nothing that happened says anything about you. Or any of us.”
“You’re not Tasha, and I’m not Jan,” Tony states flatly. “We might crash and burn, but who knows? Maybe it will work out. We won’t know unless we try.” Besides, it’s not like he has long to quibble over the particulars, all things considered.
Stefanus complies with his request, smearing a generous dollop along his length before kneeling on the bed and pulling Antony’s hips up over his thighs. He leans over Antony, his body covering his as he leaves open-mouthed kisses along his collarbone, up his neck in such a way that has Antony panting. He thrusts gently, his cock gliding shallow between his cheeks, slicking the way, teasing him as it slides past his entrance. Antony sucks in a short breath when Stefanus nibbles on his ear, and he turns his head to meet Stefanus’s lips, his own hips rising to meet Stefanus, to tempt him inside.
“You don’t care about Mother or her memory; you only care about removing what you perceive as an obstacle!”
And so he pounds on the wall as a reminder that some people (AKA Clint) are trying to sleep, and the dulcet sounds of his two team leaders vigorously fucking each other –
drinking for two after all,” he decides. He turns back to Tony, clasping him by the shoulders with both hands. “We should invite your partner. Let us leave no one out.”
“I’ll be fine, but you need to go.” Though Master Phillips is hobbled, he continues to fight, his lightsaber striking left and right and his open palm tossing mid-sized boulders at their enemies when he manages an opening. “What are you waiting for, son? Run!”
“And why can’t it be both?” Hadrianus places a hand on Antony’s shoulder, only for the man to shrug it off in anger. “You know I promised your mother on what was to be her deathbed that I would always take care of you, that I would do what’s best for you, and this is what’s best.”
Steve ponders his next move. “If I may intrude on your kindness once again… is there a way I could perhaps earn their return to their original human forms as they were before we so rudely stumbled into your path?” he tries again.
Priscus frowns and raps him sharply on the back of the head. “And none of that, either. You sound like you’re talking around a dishcloth stuffed in your mouth.”
“Why? It won’t change anything, and I’m not going to spend my last few weeks of life being mortified by rejection. Who knows? It might even speed up the process.”
“…How about we go down to the park and maybe see if we can join a baseball game?” Steve suggests instead.
“It’s not…” Steve throws up his hands in frustration. “You don’t get it because you’re rich and you’ve lived here all your life. You’ve always been… You only ever have to be one thing to one person. Because you don’t got no other friends.”
Perhaps this has been the gladiators’ plan all along, and Antony is a fool falling for a ruse, the long con, fully aware with his eyes wide open to Stefanus’s cruel deceit…
“No matter what happens, after this, we are through,” he says, his voice measured and calm despite his anger. “You can order my body to your will – I cannot stop you from taking whatever you desire – but no more will I cherish you as I have.”
When all fail to respond, Steve cautiously makes his way down the makeshift trail, picking his way through the underbrush as he traces his retinue’s steps deeper into the thick of the wood.
Stefanus is at a loss for words. There could be an innocent explanation, considering his rather physical occupation. They could conceivably be from training, a few good hits delivered by a blunted sword, but when Antony gently turns his hip to examine the bruises further, he sees the angry bite mark on his ass with a much more obvious provenance.
Purple Man claps his hands together. “So where do you want him, Tony? Over your desk? Or maybe the couch would be more comfortable.” He gazes over at the minimalist sofa, its cushions flat and perfectly boxy, not even overstuffed for effect. “Though it doesn’t look it. You think he’ll end up staining the leather?”
Steve can’t deny it – that would be insulting the Mandalorian’s intelligence – so he says instead: “Was it that obvious?”
“I’m sorry, shellhead,” and Steve does sound regretful, “but I think this is something I’m going to have to do by myself. I’ve got to stand on my own two feet eventually.”
“Do I really have to spell it out for you? I don’t care that Stark railed you so hard that your bed collapsed, but could you maybe talk about your sex life when I’m not around?” Clint doesn’t feel he’s being unreasonable; it’s just common courtesy when you live with housemates.
“Welcome to the Academy. You’ve already met the biggest butthead here,” Bucky says, his grin widening. He hooks a thumb over his shoulder. “You want to meet the others? Promise most of us don’t bite.”
On the appointed day, Tony dresses down, dons a pair of sunglasses and a nondescript hoodie, and takes the subway then a cab paid in cash to get to his shrink’s office.
Maybe tomorrow, Stark will invest in soundproofing if this is going to become a regular thing, or barring that, at least take it to his room further down the hall so Clint won’t have to hear them.
“What is it you want, Tony? I can call you Tony, right? After all, we will be working together rather closely,” Purple Man had said, leaning in close so the man couldn’t miss his influence. “You must have plans. A man like you – one who has everything – why would you risk your life flying around in that contraption? Iron Man, the Avengers – this can’t be the extent of your vision.”
“Look who decided to join us,” Cap says when Tony stumbles into the Avengers’ conference room two hours later, twenty minutes past the designated start time. “You’re late, Stark.”
“Even though I was confined to the upper levels in the stands, I couldn’t help but notice how much strength and power you displayed in your last match, and when your helmet flew, well… I was certain that would be the end,” she says, as she traces a delicate hand down Stefanus’s arm.
After a short conversation with the director of the group home during which he had expressed interest in adopting the troublesome child, Master Erskine sits down for a meet and greet with the prospective pupil. The boy sits across from him, still out of sorts and a touch surly, rubbing at his reddened ear. He looks resigned, as if he knows he will not be selected for adoption but is still required to go through the motions.
“Quiet.” Purple Man tilts his head in an almost clinical consideration. “Won’t you look at that? I think he’d much prefer you, but it’s your call.” It makes sense, in a way. Thor is a beast of a man, an actual god amongst men (though one still under Purple Man’s control), and he supposes if one had to take it up the ass, smaller would be preferable.
Bacchus survives his bout, as does his reprieved rival, and both attend the victory feast later that night in celebration of a fruitful munus. Stefanus feels the weight of the winner’s purse heavy at his belt.
Stefanus turns away, avoids looking at the man he loves as he hurts him, uses his body. “If it is all the same to you, I’d rather not.” He loves Antony, a kind man who asks instead of orders, who is sensitive to his boundaries and history. That is who he knows Antony to be…
“Well, he can prefer all he wants. Wiesner isn’t letting me back on campus for the next six months at least. That should be long enough to make an example out of me, so no one else attempts to do what I did,” Tony slides into the car and waits for Jarvis to get in before segueing into the meat of the matter. “A little bird told me about Ms. Sarah…”
In this story, Tony feels isolated because of his age, while Rhodey feels out of place in a largely white campus. Their experiences are different, but I like to think they relate as outsiders, albeit in different ways.
As much as Tony hates sharing Steve with Bucky, he likes the other boys at the park even less. Dum Dum is loud and abrasive. Jimmy has a giant chip on his shoulder, and the other Jimmy goes by Jacques because his family is from France, though the only Paris he’s ever been to is in Texas. Gabe picks Tony for his team second to last over Percival (nicknamed Pinky), so maybe he’s okay.
Tony gives himself a further ten minutes to collect his addled thoughts, process what had happened, and re-evaluate certain assumptions before putting on a robe and seeking out Steve to
“But when I’m older, what do you say?” he persists. “Do you use a pick-up line or is there some combination of–”
In the morning, they will have an awkward talk over breakfast where each will dance around what this means for their friendship and whether they can be more to each other, but for now, they lie entangled in the dark, their hearts beating as one.
Tony isn’t selfish enough to actually out his friend, no matter how desperately he needs advice. “Anyways, I always thought nothing would ever come of it, because he’s… taken, you know? By a friend. But now my friend has moved on, and… and this guy may actually… like me back, but he thought I was straight and that I’m not really in the headspace right now to be making these decisions anyway,” he rambles on. “So. What should I do?”
“No, sometimes I use raw charm.” Tony gives her one of his best looks, the one that usually got women to come home with him, though that likely had more to do with the fame and fortune attached to the Stark name than Tony himself. Only one way to find out. “Is it working?”
And he does. Try, that is. He tries, but he can’t shake his curiosity. Tony had lost his virginity, but to whom? There were really only a small number of likely candidates, and his memory goes into overdrive trying to recall the whereabouts of each one on the night in question.
“Oh yes,” the receptionist marks him off in the appointment book and hands him a stack of intake forms before indicating a comfortable green two-seater in the waiting room. “If you’d have a seat, the doctor will be with you shortly.”
Master Erskine grumbles, but he holds up his hands. “Eighty” he holds up eight fingers; “five” he switches to five. “Final offer.”
When Steve meets Rhodey that summer, Tony introduces them and waits for a tense minute as they appear size each other up.
And so he accepts the proverbial olive branch, his teeth piercing the creatures flesh, tearing it away as chews. Stark turns his back on Steve then, lifting up the bottom of his helmet to enjoy his half of the meal unseen.
even though it’s super lame and not a real weakness.” He pouts. “What’s his name anyway? Wing-head?” Perhaps they can be a matching set: shellhead and winghead.
Tony doesn’t know what happens next, which of them makes the first move, but the next thing he knows, he’s in Steve’s lap, his mouth on Steve’s, their tongues tangled together, and his ass grinding into the man’s growing erection. His lips slip down along Steve’s jawline to suck a line along his neck while Steve groans, his tone low and breathy as he chants Tony’s name like a prayer.
Stark just waves off his interruption. “They did teach you how to survive in a jungle with your lightsaber and a pocket knife, didn’t they?”
Steve manages to collect his limp body in his arms. Tony’s head lolls to the side as he groans through blue-tinged lips. The air is too stuffy, like trying to breathe in thick cotton balls. He’s vaguely aware that his dress shirt isn’t fully covering his ass, and the others will see more of Tony than any of them would prefer if Cap chooses to carry him back to the light of the party.
Steve commandeers an onion ring from Tony in retaliation. “I just don’t want your money to come between us. I don’t want it to make things weird.”
Steve wets his lips. “Do you believe… well, do you think there are survivors like me?” It’s something that had been plaguing him for days. He’d felt their deaths, thousands of Jedi disappearing abruptly across the Galaxy, the void they left behind peppering across the known worlds, like miniature black holes of conspicuous nothingness littering the star-ways. Steve had survived, but only because he happened to be in the outer rim – only because Master Phillips did everything he could to ensure his survival – and even then, it had been a near thing.
“When you can put aside your anger and truly forswear all mortal attachments, when you can let go of everything you fear to lose… only then will you be ready.”
“A smarter one,” a second bright orb adds, “Though he too brings instruments of our undoing on his person.”
Steve pulls them back out and holds Tony at arm’s length as he clutches his forearms. “Tony, stop. You don’t know what you’re do–”
“I used the Force,” Steve replies simply, finally removing the seat harness so he can breathe easy again.
Stefanus cannot quite comprehend how little Antony cared of expense, how freely he spent his money, not just on himself, but on many a friend and acquaintance.
“Master Yoda’s people are compact but powerful. For his species, that kid is undersized at best, and you want to enroll him in
“Make yourself at home.” Steve opens his refrigerator in his mini-kitchen. “I’ve got… well, I’ve got milk. I could make some cocoa if you’d like.”
Tony can’t let him win, not in his very own lab on his home turf, and so he pulls at the sheet, trying to retrieve enough slack to lodge it under his person and roll into a burrito, divesting Cap of undeserved warmth, but he is unable to dislodge even an inch from the super-soldier’s firm grip. Frustrated, Tony pulls the sheet taut and nudges Cap, trying to gently get him to let go, but Cap only latches onto Tony himself, pulling him into a loose embrace.
He is a block away when something else captures his eye causing him pause, another errant script tucked into the side wall:
Oh. Right. During his brief stint as a child, Tony had made a note to himself to invent J.A.R.V.I.S. better next time. He should get on that. No time like the present. He saunters over to the nearest control panel, grabbing a Phillips-head off the workbench on the way.
“I don’t know. An adult. Twenty-five maybe?” Twenty-five seemed old enough to know what you’re doing but not too old to think better of it.
But then he cries out, “That asshole!” when the editor ignores them all and chooses death instead. He slumps back in defeat and sighs – “What a waste.” – then turns back to Romulus. “It is a rather poor decision to condemn a fighter so popular with the crowd. Even Hadrianus would not dare be so conceited to think such a move would play well at the ballot box.”
Stark gurgles as blood falls from his neck at the seam of the helmet, a line of flesh that had previously been protected by now-shredded thick leather.
“No, I’m not. This is a perfectly acceptable response to what has occurred. If anything, you are under-reacting.”
Perhaps it is for the best. It’s what he had requested from Rhodey: No beauties, and they didn’t come prettier than Ms. Potts. At least this way, any temptation to make their relationship anything more than professional had been nipped in the bud.
“We usually split chores.” Steve sits on the floral couch across from Dracula. “I wish to speak with you.”
“You spoil me.” He checks to make sure the safety is off, one eye looking through the site at the floor. “You really shouldn’t have, darling.”
No one responds, which is somewhat foreboding but not exactly surprising. Zombies aren’t the only danger in the wastes.
“No, it’s not!” Tony exclaims in frustration. “Why do you have to be such a sourpuss about this, sourpatch?”
Once Steve has retrieved the supplies, he opens up Tony slow, pushing his fingers gently into Tony’s entrance, allowing him to enjoy the stretch as he nibbles along his jawline and down his neck to suck at his collar.
“Priscus sets the purchase price, and he’s not letting any of us go. Don’t you get it, Stefanus?” Bacchus suddenly explodes, his spoon dropping with a thud in his bowl as his fingers curl into fists. “You’ll never earn enough. Staius could make it worth his while, but not you, not a slave he barely pays.”
Once the other retiarius is out of ear shot, Bacchus huddles closer. “You could have purchased a night’s worth of company instead,” he states, his voice low.
Steve accepts the cup, his hand brushing up against Stark’s as the man withdraws. “Thank you, and uh… sorry about that. I should have known better.”
Rhodey even moves into one of the guest rooms in Stark Mansion. It’s only temporary, a little over a week, but it’s a bit of normalcy in Tony’s life, to have someone who knows him be around, someone from whom he doesn’t have to hide.
Tony thins his eyes at the man for what has to be the third time in the past half-hour. “It isn’t a dildo. It is a healing amulet–”
“Give up Bacchus and come with me,” he says, stepping in close, his fingers trailing down his lover’s bicep as he glances Stefanus’s cheek with the other. “I could make you happy, Stefanus. I will give you everything; you will want for nothing if you stay by my side.”
“You really shouldn’t have, Antony,” Romulus is saying, holding up a toga of fine silk dyed black with a silvered shawl that shone in the light. It is quite the upgrade from the standard white wool he normally wears.
“If you still want to call Steve and tell him how you feel, I plugged the phone back in,” Rhodey suggests, a smile tugging at the corner of his mouth.
Percival rounds on the man, punching him in the arm. “A pox on you and your house! I am the best shot here, you ass!”
When Tiberius wasn’t criticizing whatever Antony was or was not doing, he could be quite sweet. It confuses Antony, makes him think that he is the problem. If he can just figure out the puzzle that is Tiberius’s triggers and dark moods, if he can avoid upsetting him, then perhaps Tiberius will treat Antony better all the time. Such a result is unattainable, of course, but Antony does not know that, at least not at sixteen.
“I can be… discreet in my admiration,” Antony amends, looking down at the gladiator, the secutor known as Stefanus, just as Aemilius taps out. “With the proper incentive…”
It must be because Stark doesn’t resist when Steve reaches for the helmet, pulling it off. His hand darts out. He feels the short hairs along Stark’s chin, his jawline, following it back to the source of the blood, wet and warm under his fingers. Steve gathers the Force within him as he concentrates it into his fingers then gently outward, repairing the flesh below. Stark shutters, the muscles of his neck spasming under Steve’s fingertips until the flesh becomes smooth and unabraded.
paragons of virtue reliving glory days with old friends in the nursing home who need you to hold their dicks steady so they can piss straight.”
“Though I feel I should remind you – simply as a professional courtesy – that should you utilize his services in public, people will see you together regardless of whatever I have to say on the matter. If tongues wag, do not assume I am the source.”
he is returned to the ludus, should that be after nightfall when he has escorted me back to the villa or in the grey dawn of morning after a night of serving as a guard
Stefanus buries his face in Antony’s exposed neck, smiling at the skin there. “You’re going to be late.”
Tony runs his fingers over his hair, ensuring that not a strand is out of place. “Yes, wouldn’t want to waste the celebratory champagne,
“I said I’d get you laid, so I’m volunteering.” Tony gives him a leer as he suggestively rubs his calf against Steve’s side. “Take off your pants.”
“…I could use the break,” Tony tells him instead. “Just think about it, Steve. Wide open roads, new locales, plenty of hot and willing local girls. We could do all fifty states. I mean, some states will be kind of tricky. Like Alaska. Kind of far, sparsely populated, and the sex ratio is just not in our favor, you know. Plus, their food sucks, unless it’s like salmon or whatever. I don’t know if they even have the components of a decent burger or if everything has to be like… flown in by plane, but we can’t just skip Alaska. That would be crazy, right?” He considers it briefly before replying, “Right.”
“Yeah. It happens. Growth spurt,” Steve says, thoroughly amused. “I guess it all happened at once, huh?”
Tony looks down at his machine gun, woefully unused. “So, we’re not busting out of here Rambo-style?” he asks.
“It’s not about need but desire,” Tony replies, rolling heel-toe on his feet. “Besides, isn’t that what you love about me?”
Then there was the Crimson Dynamo. Galina had told Tony that she had wanted four things from him: his technology, school business, respect, and hand in marriage. Perhaps if she had persisted…
So Steve pulls Tony bodily to him, his hand pressed into Tony’s lower back as he grinds his growing erection against his pelvis and nips at his jaw then down from his ear, biting and sucking a dark mark there. Tony tries to pull away, but he’s no match for Steve’s strength. Steve pushes him up against the cold cement wall and starts to work on his jeans while Tony starts to unbutton Steve’s plaid shirt, grasping the bottom to pull apart his shirt, popping the last few buttons.
But considering what Steve knows now… maybe it had been about him, but perhaps instead of the punishment he thought it was, Master Phillips had taken him off-world to protect him.
Tony purses his lips in annoyance. Rhodey is trying – he knows he is – but that didn’t mean Tony doesn’t find the suggestion vaguely insulting. “Thanks for the info, Rhodey, but I don’t need a hooker to get laid.”
“What if my good friend Benjamin Franklin and his four identical brothers were to ask you real nice to let me go this one time?” Tony suggests, pulling out five crisp one-hundred-dollar bills and fanning them out for greatest effect.
“We don’t have to do anything you don’t want to,” Steve says, desperately wanting Tony to understand. “I don’t need it, not if it makes you uncomfortable–”
And so by the time Jarvis picks them up to return home, Tony is short with Steve, giving him one- or two-word answers to every avenue of conversation Steve attempts, and the minute Jarvis parks, he stomps through the front doors and up to his room to sulk, rudely ignoring Ms. Sarah’s “Did you boys have fun?” and leaving a bewildered Steve behind.
“Why not? It gets him into trouble all the time, because the bad guys always cheat, but he can’t, and then he beats them all anyway.”
“Hey Clint, I’m having Steve’s new bed delivered at 2pm, but I have a meeting at SI and Steve has a thing at work, so if you’re going to be around then, can you sign for it? Jarvis can take it from there.”
Stefanus hunches over, his arms circling his meal tray though there is no need to guard anything with the rare wheat rations being so plentiful tonight in substitution of their usual barley. “It was money well spent.”
“Steve has no need of letters, not when what we do requires not the review of land deeds and contracts but of skill and physical prowess and more than a little luck,” Dum Dum says. He stands with some difficulty – the result of age and heft – and traverses the short distance to the duo. “Speaking of… come away, Steve. Wouldst you rather we join the others in a game of dice? Gabriel is on a hot streak, but it will certainly chill with the addition of a jinx such as yourself.”
“You didn’t have to,” Steve says, taking all of five steps to reach the dining area and place a steaming cup in front of Tony. He takes the adjacent seat, hands enclosed around his own cup for warmth as the radiator starts to rattle.
“So what? I have my bachelor’s already. I could walk into Raytheon next week and land myself a job.”
Steve had complied, but when he passed the basket to Tony as an intermediary, Tony nearly dropped the entire thing when Steve’s fingers brushed up against his wrist. Steve had steadied the basket before it could fall.
There’s a code of conduct surrounding such matters, but then again Tony couldn’t remember if he bothered to tie a sock on the knob.
– and then you hang out with Bucky, Pinky, Dum Dum, and the others, and it’s all about boobs and kissing and whatever.”
“–even if she happens to be very perceptive and also 100% correct,” he finishes. “Thank you, Finley.”
“I don’t know how we’re getting out of this one,” he admits to Steve, even as he employs evasive maneuvers, trying to conserve his last operational gunner.
Tony’s body goes rigid in Steve’s arms, his motions becoming jerky and his face pinched, teeth chewing his bottom lip as he dribbles white on Steve’s stomach, dripping down onto their thighs. Steve spills him onto his back, pressing into him again and again as he comes down from his orgasm, his body becoming languid and loose. Steve finishes shortly after, coming with a shout as he pushes one last time as deep as he can into Tony’s body, his eyes clenched shut and muscles tensing. Then, he holds the base of the spent condom, pulling out and rolling off Tony to rest beside him, sated and satisfied.
“He may have other qualities beyond the physical,” Erasmus says rather charitably as Suibne’s thin arms swing his trident wildly like a sword, nearly twisting his upper body around in the effort. His opponent, another novicus named Bacchus, easily steps out of the arc of attack then sticks his own blunted trident onto his shoulder when Suibne overcorrects, earning a point in his favor.
“Mr. Stark is not accepting any visitors at this time, Captain Rogers,” J.A.R.V.I.S. reports in crisp tones.
Stefanus sheaths himself in as far as he can go and kisses Antony, their sweat comingling and musky on his tongue. “I only want you,” he murmurs.
Mamma freezes, so shocked at Tony’s outburst that he manages to twist out of her grip and wriggle away. He runs to his father, tugging on his sleeve as he begs him, “Don’t go, Dad! Please! I don’t want Mamma to die!” Tony is hysterical, but he doesn’t care. “Please, Dad! Don’t go!”
Later that night, when Steve tosses and turns in bed, unable to settle, he sits up to survey the room and notes the other Initiates are already asleep, including Gabe who had switched beds with him the prior week. Softly, almost tentatively, he knocks on wall behind him in intergalactic standard code: B-U-C-K-Y / A-W-A-K-E-? / I-T-S / S-T-E-V-E
,” Tony explains, looking appropriately heartbroken while not disrespectful to his ‘husband.’ “My relationship with Ms. Romanova was very real, and her death made me realize that as Ultimates, we and everyone we love will always be targets. We are not guaranteed a tomorrow, and it might be…
He had thought he had caught a stomach bug from questionable sushi, but one trip to his private physician had confirmed the worst.
He gives himself a mental shake at the errant thought. Tony is on a date with Captain America of all people, and he desperately wants to make a good impression. Though they had never discussed their sexual histories, Steve is old-fashioned and likely has only had a couple partners, if any. By contrast, Tony has lodged so many notches in his hypothetical bedpost to have threatened its structural integrity altogether. He’s not ashamed of his past, but he is concerned he may be too “well-traveled” for someone like Steve.
He moves to stand beside his boyfriend to make formal introductions. “Dad, this is Steve. My boyfriend. I told you he was coming. Meeting him is the whole point of this dinner,” he reminds him pointedly – an underlying
“I don’t know. How about a pie?” Steve probably hasn’t had a decent slice since his last visit… which was two weeks ago. When they both failed to get off. Because Tony was being a dick on purpose, and Cap tapped out before he could tap that.
“You’re off the hook, okay?” and Tony means it. He will claim the baby is premature when the time comes, and the man will never look any further into it. He doesn’t need a reluctant alpha to help raise this baby out of some misguided obligation. He doesn’t need Cap to ‘do the right thing.’ Tony already knows he’s doing the right thing when Cap looks unaccountably relieved at the news.
“I know that, but… wait. What was that about the flogging?” The bartender had said there was flogging, and that Steve was good at it. And what was that about being part of a ‘scene’? Tony has ideas, and none of them jived with his preconceptions of what Steve might be into sexually (which honestly included missionary position and little else, maybe doggy-style if he was feeling particularly frisky).
“You’re right. It wouldn’t be,” Stark admits. “I thought that maybe… maybe if we could, then you’d see how good we can be together, and I’d get to keep you.”
“Didn’t take you for a smoker,” she comments as she lays back and taps the end of her cigarette into an ashtray on the nearest nightstand.
“I– I would like that, if– if you know… the offer is still on the table?” Steve says. He steps aside – an invitation – and Tony walks right through, the door closing behind him with a click.
The man stands. “You were famously engaged to fellow Ultimate, Natasha Romanova, six months ago before her untimely death. Your proposal at the time was unusually public in that you hired her entire home village to stand in formation while you two flew overhead, and now, there were no public dates, no grand gestures, no fanfare, only a private courthouse wedding done in secret… to be blunt, was your relationship with the late Ms. Romanova a cover for your…” –he coughs– “husband?”
He's so hot, so empty, and he’s on the verge of telling Stefanus to just fuck him already when the man’s cockhead breeches him ever so slightly at first, and then deeper and deeper, impaling him further down his length with every thrust. Antony moans, his blunted fingernails scratching light pink ribbons in Stefanus’s back at the slow pace, as he slides ever further down. Stefanus makes a strangled sound in the back of his throat, then he holds Antony’s hips steady to control the speed and depth of their fucking. He’s muttering things – guttural sounds and phrases – in a language Antony cannot hope to understand but wonders if it is witchcraft just the same when he feels his sanity fading.
“I’m so sorry, Steve.” Tony sounds small, like he wants the ground to open up and swallow him whole.
“You’re sleeping with Rhodes, too? Is that… I’ll be right back.” Steve makes a bee-line for the door, like a man on a mission.
Antony blinks in confusion. “I would like to obtain some perfume to improve the ambience of the villa. Some rosewater or sandlewood, perhaps even iris if they have it.”
“…Are you still hung up on the whole de-aging thing? There’s no shame in what happened,” Steve says as he jiggles the handle. The man isn’t one to pussyfoot around the issue at hand.
“…Let’s just go to bed. We’ll drive back in the morning,” Tony suggests, feeling more disappointed than he should. It’s not like he didn’t know there wasn’t a chance Steve would react poorly to even the barest whiff of homosexuality. It wasn’t uncommon, even among people who were otherwise decent folk.
But Rhodey captures Tony’s hands in his own and pins him to the couch. “Tones, think about what you’re doing!” he says urgently, his eyes wide and slightly bloodshot.
Steve must not hear him because he presses in deeper and moans, too drunk on his lover’s taste to register anything he’s saying.
“Fucking vultures… I can’t believe they’d go this far,” Tony is saying, even as Steve’s whole world crashes down.
“The Jedi High Council tried to stage a coup to depose him. They failed, but the Chancellor has declared the entire Order traitors to the Republic. They’re slaughtering them all across the galaxy. Summary execution by their clone subordinates.”
He’s sitting in the game room, quietly playing with his Avengers’ Lego set. Captain America and Iron Man had had a fight – an ideological disagreement leading to a Civil War of sorts that had split the Avengers into two camps – and Tony didn’t know how to resolve it, how to bring them back together.
“Because once you say it, you can’t put the cat back in the bag, got it?” Rhodey says. “You tell him, and it’s out there, and you can’t take it back.”
“You don’t think he can like… turn invisible, right?” Rhodey inquires. “Is that a thing Jedi can do?”
And because Tony has known Steve for years (and because he might have felt the same way about Bucky in the early days), he doesn’t make Steve squirm. “You’re still one of my best friends, you know. Just because I’m hanging out with Rhodey doesn’t mean it changes anything between you and me.”
“Color me surprised. You haven’t even gotten halfway through your fourth scotch. Have those lessons from AA finally sunk in?”
“The same place Steve’s been,” Bucky replies, his tone equally cutting. “Being poor ain’t contagious.”
Two months pass, and his mother is coughing. Her lips are red, and the color coats her teeth and dribbles out the corners to be wiped away in crimson smears that ruin her foundation. There are large yellow petals mixed with blood and phlegm in the tissue she tosses into the toilet.
https://jellybeanforest-a-go-go.tumblr.com/post/643335511747051520/art-contribution-for-the-marvel-rbb-2020-strange
“Depends; you finally dropping that boy scout routine? I know you have it in you. You don’t make it through a war like that unscathed.” Tony scratches his blunted nails across Cap’s flawless skin. “You don’t have scars – I’ve seen every inch of you to know that – but not all wounds are skin-deep, and I like to pick at scabs.”
The next prospective buyer is an elderly man with greying red hair that had gone white at the temples and discerning dark eyes set in a stern face. Suibne knows he’s a rich man and frequent customer by the way the slaver straightens beside him.
“Maybe tomorrow, honeybear. Got a new missile launcher for you, but I’m still adjusting it. I think it’s a bit much.”
“Daddy—Daddy!” Morgan squealed, running over to Tony and folding up in his arms as Peter chased her. “I have a question.”
“Billionaire,” Tony snidely corrected. “And I think that’s stupid because I funnel money into all of your bank accounts anyway.”
The sunlight slipping through the curtains just so happened to get cast directly across Tony’s eyes causing him to slowly stir into wakefulness. He groaned angrily, throwing his forearm over his face to shield himself from the imposing natural light.
The heat built up inside Steve’s lower belly faster than he anticipated. It was an overwhelming rush of blinding pleasure and it instantly sent him toppling over the edge into climax. His body shook against Tony’s—who came at the sight of Steve coming undone.
“Hello—everyone—thanks for coming tonight,” Tony started, able to dawn his usual charismatic and charming persona despite the near anxiety attack just seconds ago. “We’re here to celebrate many of the recent accomplishments of the Avengers.”
He refused to fully admit just how badly things went downhill after they successfully pulled off the Time Heist. However, everyone else around him never missed a chance to point out how off Tony was behaving.
Steve carefully laid Tony onto the bed, positioning himself over him and reaching out to stroke his cheek with his thumb. Tony’s lips parted as he let out an enamored sigh—he found it unbelievable that someone wanted to be this slow and gentle with him. His entire life he was used to people being fast, rough, and painfully needy—and that did not only apply to activities in the bedroom. Tony knew that Steve, despite his muscular physique and power on the battlefield, was soft. He had seen him play with Morgan, save a puppy from being stuck in a fence—he knew Steve was gentle, but he had not foreseen that coming into play here.
But now, a decade after meeting Steve Rogers for the first time, Tony saw his denial evaporating before his eyes. His marriage with Pepper was over and it was as amicable as it could be. They had committed to co-parenting together and their friendship was miraculously intact. He was freshly single, for the first time in years, and he had even felt guilt about sleeping with Ty. Though, when thinking really hard about it, the only place he could trace his guilt to was the devastated look on Steve’s face when he had seen him the morning after.
“Damnit—sorry Steve, still not used to walking on a leg that was injured and suddenly healed. It looks better, but uh, still kinda feels funny,” Tony rushed, clearly embarrassed and frustrated.
“Come in,” Tony slurred, sounding too cheery for someone who had stormed out of the living room not long ago.
“Captain—will all due respect—I do not think you’d know what to do with one this big,” Thor jested, summoning a massive lightning blast onto the hoard that was headed their way. They disappeared into ash and blew away in the wind.
“The fuck are you nervous for?” Bucky said, earning a deadly glare from Nat but he continued on. “You guys are finally done tiptoeing around this shit, its real—what’s the problem?”
“You’re full of shit and you’re really lucky I like you,” he grumbled. “I’m just saying—try something with Tony. I promise you’ll be surprised. And at the very least, you’ll know instead of wondering forever.”
“He ended up dating Sharon, so don’t even go there,” Rhodey interrupted and Tony snapped his mouth shut. “You know he cares about you deeply Tony. I would venture to say he even loves you, god help him.”
“Of course I do Steve—Christ,” Tony replied. He pulled Steve back up to standing and looked up at him with a frown. “I trust you. I trust you and I love you too.”
Thank you so much to everyone who is reading along! I'm sorry to end this chapter on a sad note...and the next chapter reveals so more bumps in the road...but what else is a good angsty slow-burn for? :) Please leave comments, they brighten my day more than you will ever know!
“Carol’s single—aw man! Think of that—the two Captains together,” Sam beamed, far too excited about the supposed brilliance of his idea.
Tony latched onto Steve’s hand that held his paper, but using his super soldier strength to his advantage, Steve yanked it away and held his arm out over his head. However, Tony was not a quitter, no, he was stubborn and highly competitive. He stretched out as far as he could, fully on top of Steve’s body now, making a feeble attempt to grab the paper that was far out of his reach. Finally, when his efforts proved futile, he gave up on reaching the paper only to realize the closeness of his face to Steve’s.
“Listen, Spangles, now is not the time. I’m not really in the mood for a lecture. In fact, I doubt I could even hear it over the sound of my headache,” Tony snarled, defensive, and feeling cornered.
But now, in this world he lived in, that was never something he hoped for. That man went down in the ice. A different one woke up.
Pepper crossed the room to place her hands on Tony’s shoulders. She looked him dead in the eye, a small smile on her face. And he could see, even now, how much love she had for him.
“Well, I mean think about it, Mr. Stark. Your parents stayed together even though your dad sort of sucked. And you suffered because of how unhappy they were.”
“I had no idea,” he whispered. Bucky’s comments about Steve made him preen and he desperately wanted to follow him down that line of thinking, his ego was practically screaming for it—he knew that was not why he was here. He made a mental note to explore that later. “Barnes, as much as I would love to hear all the ways Rogers sings my praises, that’s not why I’m here.”
“Yeah,” Steve sighed, not sounding thrilled about it. Tony pretended that didn’t make him happy. He jumped over the back of the couch and sat with a thud next to Tony.
“Well, Tony, you may be the last one on planet earth to come to that conclusion, because I can promise you the rest of us have known for a while,” she retorted but there was not harshness in her voice.
“Tony, you’re doing that thing where you’re speaking so fast all your words are running together, so I need you to clue me in on what you actually mean, okay?”
Halfway through the movie, Tony fell asleep with his head resting against Steve’s broad shoulder. Steve stayed still and let Tony rest there until the movie was over, convincing himself he was doing Tony a favor considering he must be exhausted, when in reality his motives were selfish. In this moment he could let himself pretend this was another situation—maybe another universe, even—where this had been a date and he and Tony were so much more.
He sat there on the grass, watching Peter twirl and spin Morgan around, the air filled with their laughter and he felt whole. For the first time in years, he felt whole, genuinely happy, and a renewed sense of purpose blossomed in his chest. The emptiness that had been weighing him down for months slid away. Suddenly, he felt peace. Tony had always supposed that these moments of revelation—when one truly let something go, a grudge or a burden they’d decided to carry—would be momentous, earth shattering—but instead, it came slowly and softly, here in the grass while he watched his daughter play with Peter.
Steve had been running on the trails surrounding the Avengers compound for over two hours. It was early Saturday morning and he had nothing better to do. The only thing he could hear at this point was the sound of his own feet against the ground and the few birds beginning to chirp as the sun rose.
“Tony Stark, the man that once the press got ahold of his recent divorce, skyrocketed back onto every publication and new channels’ ‘most eligible bachelor’ list—is asking for dating advice?” Rhodey guffawed. “Man I can’t even count how many people you’ve dated.”
“I’ll admit, you’ve outdone my present,” Steve chuckled awkwardly as he stood up to hand Tony his gift. The present was a large square and relatively flat, wrapped in shiny red paper and glittery gold ribbon. The homage to Iron Man made Tony smile.
Steve grounded him in reality—the here and now—and god if that wasn’t reason enough to give in and just let this finally happen…
Nat saw right through him—and he knew that—but she did not pry further. She could piece together where he was at right now—fresh in a divorce, fresh off a reconciliation conversation with Steve, and doing his best to avoid alcohol cold turkey. While Tony’s feelings for Steve were something she had known about for years now, despite his own denial, she knew now was not the time to push him. If there was one thing she was familiar with, it was the need for space, and time to heal.
Even though Steve was not sure what it meant—he made an educated guess—and blushed furiously. Tony only swooned more at the sight.
“Okay, okay. I’ll confess, I’ve brought you here because I have something on my mind. Well, I’ve had something on my mind for a long time. Years, even. Sometimes it’s been just an occasional thought in the background…and then other times, it is right at the forefront, screaming for my constant attention,” Tony explained.
And so Tony took the opportunity to pull his new, and very handsome, boyfriend into a kiss. Steve’s arms immediately came to wrap around his waist, holding him close as the kiss deepened. But just a few moments in, Steve pulled away, his lips swollen and cheeks red.
The thoughts of all of Tony’s flirty quips over the years flashed to the front of his mind again. He went bright red and hot.
“Mmmm, well last night we decided we wanted to take things slow and you were so exhausted from hiding in your secret shop, working your worries away, I made you go to sleep for once.”
“I’m up here speaking because I pay for everything, but the true leader of our gang of misfit fighters is Steve Rogers, but most of you know him as Captain America. Today you’re celebrating all of us, sure, but I’d argue that we would truly not be anything if it weren’t for him. Thanks to everyone for showing up tonight. We promise to continually endeavor to make this world safer for all of you—and I’m certain we will as long as Cap is with us. Cheers.”
But two hours in, his mind derailed. He should have known his mind—which was ever running—would not stop for long.
At first, it was slow—and a bit painful—but he adjusted quickly. Steve was gentle and acutely tuned in to Tony’s needs. “You’re beautiful,” he whispered, before starting to move his hips in rhythm with Tony.
Steve walked over, placing the tray of food on the coffee table in front of the workshop couch, and perched himself on the armrest nearest to Tony’s feet. But Tony decided to be stubborn and dramatic—draping his arm over his eyes and not moving an inch.
Even the thought of amber liquid sliding down his throat, burning, stirred an unholy excitement in his belly. Maybe, just this once, would not be a mistake. It was a celebration—he had not seen Tiberius in years—and they deserved to enjoy themselves. How could that be a bad idea? It would be like the good old days in college. Just this once. And no one had to know.
“Oh Tony,” Steve said, his heart breaking at the sight of his friend. He walked over and stared at him with nothing but concern in his eyes—no judgment, no anger. Tony had almost hoped for those two things, because it was harder to be loved and cared for right now.
It had been awhile since he last spoke Italian aloud, but given Steve’s wide eyes and pink cheeks, Tony figured he was as skilled at it as ever. When the waitress walked away to retrieve his request, Tony turned his full attention on Steve with a small smile.
The first part of the day Tony and Morgan hung out with Auntie Nat and Auntie Wanda. Tony sat around the living room floor with the three of them while Nat and Wanda painted Morgan’s nails.
“When I was given the mission of observing Tony as his secretary, Tiberius was still in Tony’s life. They were,” she inhaled. “Friends with benefits. Tony’s file said their previous endeavors to date seriously had ended in a volatile fashion. Anyway, I walked in on them once. Worst day of my life.”
“Well, Stone Media has released a retraction and said that it was a photoshopped image sent in by an anonymous source. And Tiberius won’t be bothering you again,” he explained.
Honestly—look at his track record. Romantically, Tony was more of a failure than anything else. For a long time, what he and Pepper had was really good. And that was the only long-term, extremely stable relationship he had to go off of—look how that ended. Despite all of Pepper’s consoling, her reassurances that they both were at fault, his anxious mind would not let go of the idea that the full responsibility rest on his shoulders.
Nat was not exactly secretive in her teasing of Steve and the way he stared at Tony. He wasn’t an idiot either—he was aware that whenever Tony spouted off something brilliant or puled a heroic move in the middle of battle that he was prone to beaming at him in a way Nat called like an “enamored high school girl”.
Steve had barely slept all night—one ear and eye open waiting to be there for Tony in case he needed him. So when the birds started chirping around five in the morning, Steve got up, and got ready to go for his morning run. The serum made it so he could function without any sleep for a few days at a time, but that didn’t mean he enjoyed it.
“So what are you sucking up for?” Rhodey asked, suspicious. “You usually take me out to eat when you want something.”
“How’s it looking up there Tony?” Bruce yelled over the coms, taking out three Chitauri with one big swing of a fallen pole.
Instead, he laid in bed, in complete darkness, unable to bear even the smallest sliver of light. His head was pounding with a steady ebb and flow that rivaled an axe chopping into wood. Just moments earlier he had thrown up so much that there was nothing left to come up except saliva.
And then it hit. Maybe asking Tony to the gala was a bad idea. And then it hit Steve harder—of course it was a bad idea. How had he ever considered it otherwise? Not only were they teammates that just recently began to be able to stay in the same room for longer than a minute, but Steve could not compare to Pepper.
“Yeah, no man, I’ll leave this dwarf and elf bullshit to you and Stevie. But to be fair, I’m not even sure he would like it if you hadn’t been the one who recommended it to him,” Bucky teased. This made Tony preen again—he leaned forward in his chair, elbows on his knees, giving Barnes a curious look. He would spend time later sorting out why he cared so much about what Steve said about him behind his back.
“You don’t know what Tony’s planning, Steve. It might be something exactly your speed,” Nat soothed, still gently rubbing his arm.
“Oh—s-sorry,” Steve stuttered, rushing over to his bed and pulling on the t-shirt that sat on the edge of it. Tony had seen him shirtless countless times, why did this time feel different? He squashed the questions bubbling up in his mind.
“Plus, you forget, Steve has been in the public eye for a long time now. He’s had to deal with his fair share of headlines being with the Avengers.”
The nausea swirled unrestrained in Steve’s empty stomach—he had not managed to eat all day due to the all-consuming worry. His head swam with half-formed regrets from long ago—from Siberia. The blood beating into Steve’s heart felt like tar—thick and heavy and slow. The whole world had slowed down the moment he realized Tony was hurting.
