It was an entirely different narrative for Tony, but almost strange how it led to the same conclusion. Sometimes, most of the times, being good at things was the only worthwhile thing he had to cling to. The asshole who was still a genius, despite it all.
“Hm, I see it. Ten-foot bamboo plants along the walls, windchimes. Get the feng shui goodness goin’, bring down some of the masculine energy of this place.”
Tony breathed, slow and controlled. None of those words were allowed. None. He didn’t have to give away a single thing he didn’t have to–
“I love you Tony!” Someone screamed from the crowd, and the man paused. Cocked a hip, tipped the wide brimmed felt hat perched jauntily on his head. Brought two fingers to his lips, blew a kiss out in the direction of the voice. It was irking, was what it was, irking and
“We’re men of science, you and I.” Tony smiled, with all of the teeth and none of the mirth. “And it’s truer of us than anyone else- an idea is the most resilient parasite. It’s almost anathema to kill one. With the help of this one, and a few of my past mishaps,” Extremis, though T’Challa probably knew about that too, “-I hope to fashion something a little more….bleeding edge, let’s say.”
(Sometimes, when Steve jerked awake from sleep, it was like the hum had grown loud enough to bore through his skull; swarming through the passages of his brain like buzzing bees till it all exploded-blood and tissue smattering the walls).
He smiled a little, at the thought. “The Avengers, ladies and gentlemen. So twisted up in guilt that we broke each other.”
– but Steve was looking at him now, gaze unswerving, face drawn and eyes pale; looking like he didn’t need Tony to verbalise his honesty, like he could read Tony’s rage off the impassive glint of a blood-and-gold helmet. And that was what prompted his next response, maybe– that it didn’t sound like a taunt, or an accusation, that it sounded like Steve was genuinely
Another little crackle of amusement ripping through the frozen air, and it almost hurt as much as the clanks.
T’Challa didn’t blink. Tony should have felt unnerved, but didn’t. “I was under the impression that the Sokovia fiasco would have left too much of a bad taste for you to dabble in vibranium suits.”
And she delivered, voice roughened right at the edge. Eyes meeting his, cool and certain and resigned. “I always knew it was temporary.”
. Tony flapped his hand again, but this time to fan himself a little. “You think Carol would let me borrow hers? I have this hunch that Steve wants to see me in military fancy dress, but won’t raise the topic for fear of Disrespecting the Nation.”
.” The word came out frantic, Steve reaching out a hand. He seemed to remember himself and jerked it back halfway, but his voice lost none of its intensity. “It’s not- I’m sorry I-“
It was like light was seeping into the scene by increments- but Steve didn’t need that. The sound of repulsors whining and sparking against vibranium metal was too distinctive.
and it’s a little, okay only completely, entirely, impossible to imagine you having a terrible social life.”
A silent swivel, and Iron Man was pacing back, glass door left open behind him. “There was something here, but they haven’t been here in a while. They left, and had a decent amount of time to wipe all traces of their presence.”
“That letter I sent you,” He began again- because it was impossible to stop, once he had started, just as impossible as it had been to start without a push. “So much of it were lies. I have nothing to justify them, except to say that I thought they had been truths, at the time. I had-“ And it was difficult to breathe here, difficult to search for words in their utter, utter inadequacy- “I was blind, and I’d take back a lot of-“
Yet….nothing happening was a bit of a misnomer. For, with every second of Tony putting right foot in front of the left, lips silent and unmoving; Steve’s chest drew tighter and tighter. He would have envied the fresh air that Tony was getting to breathe in, if it didn’t seem so much like the man was trying to
Rhodey seemed to disagree, to put it extremely lightly. “I’ve been in recovery for six goddamn months.”
less syllable and hardly a recognizable, forget an appropriate nickname – also get the hell out of my light.”
A pause. “I did not detect any irregularities in your sleeping patterns last night. Though I did recommend that you continue consuming your prescribed dosage of sleeping pills; I can pencil in Dr. Feldman at twelve–”
“And when we managed to take the big guy down…you could’ve done that. Flown over, stopped them from getting into the jet. But the first thing you did…” Peter stopped to exhale a breath. He didn’t look embarrassed now. Just certain. “The first thing you did, was land and check up on me. To see if I was doing okay.”
“I didn’t deserve you then.” Steve pressed the words into his back, blunt and not-to-be-argued-with. “I don’t know if I do now. But you’re here, and I don’t feel the need to question any aspect of how the most…how the best part of my life came to be.”
“That,” Tony began, soft and quiet. “Might almost be touching, Rogers. I might have almost believed it too.” He rose to his feet, silhouette limned in orange by the setting sun- like a man on fire. His eyes were the darkest counterpoints. “If you hadn’t physically beaten me aside the last time I had the
were the one harping on how ‘it isn’t safe to have everyone under one roof’.” Sam pushed the empty can away, and stretched his arms over his head in languorous preparation. “Don’t go backsies on your own words now.”
Steve watched on, motionless, as the Tony onscreen ran a rough hand through his hair and knuckled at his eyebags.
Steve’s words drifted over, barely above a murmur – though his eyes were burnished bright. “So long.”
you check on the remnants of the Winter Soldier program. That he had to find out on his own. Everyone did. That while they’d been begging us to stand down, you could have
This time though, in this particular reimagining, it wouldn’t be the sound of the reactor casing smashing. A thud instead of a clank, the sound of vibranium slicing through flesh, severing bone from bone. Steve’s eyes stayed closed, the sound never came, but his imagination had completed the task and it was like somebody had squished his insides all together. His eyes were burning again.
“Do you often get distracted by poems mid-celebration?” Steve enquired, throat bobbing in the process like a prime target for strangulation. “Overcome by the literary genius of Wordswo–”
A building whine of repulsors, and Steve flinched back, just the slightest jerk of movement. Iron Man’s helmet whipped to the side on reflex, but he said nothing. The sound mounted in pitch, the light growing brighter-and he took off, a streaking jet of red in the expanse of the night.
Of course. Like the half a million other inexplicable, stupid things in this stupid century. Steve speed-walked through the rest-models of samurai armour, built of large iron plates bound together with cotton, kabuki masks with heightened expressions, alternately monstrous and wondrous. Statuettes, paintings, illustrations.
Tony was just going to move on right over, disinterested gaze roving past the petrified blonde in the boring clothes, and he’d turn away and leave and Steve would never see him again except during his obsessive Googling of Swing Patrol because the modern world could be nice like that-
) that were more culpable, and blaming himself for such things was ridiculous (but easier than blaming himself for things he’d deliberately done- so how big of a hypocrite was he, really?).
Iron Man’s helmet cracked open, revealing jagged edges and Tony Stark’s face, gaunt and blood-streaked, defiant and terrified. It…it wasn’t quite like the memories either. Steve had remembered the grief. He hadn’t noticed the fear.
Tony felt his jaw drop ever so slightly. Yeah. Yeah, that was exactly what he’d meant. He’d seen what the kid could do, but it was one thing to see a red-and-blue figure in spandex climbing up skyscrapers; another thing entirely to see Peter Parker act as if gravity was a mere suggestion, as though physics could take his permission to start behaving normally again. He didn’t blink as Peter hung upside down from the ceiling and swiped something out of the chest, then descend carefully with a triumphant grin pulling at the corners of his lips.
Steve’s breath felt thick in his throat, blood and air all congealed to one. With the hand not trapped in the gauntlet, burning over the Stones – he brushed his knuckles over the warm, hard gristle of Tony’s jaw. A stolen touch, the last thing Steve would ever take from him again.
“I gave you that info at the Raft, didn’t I.” It was Sam’s turn for a humourless smile, barely lifting his lips. “Wouldn’t have done that if I didn’t, in all.”
The Vision’s gaze intensified, like being pinned under a coring beam of light that illuminated all the shadows in one’s soul; and a frail, blasphemous thought flitted by Steve’s mind- if this was what it would be like to die and receive judgement. Strange that an android, beyond definitions of living or dead, could pass muster as a creature of heaven.
“S’been a while since I did.” A while since his mind had stood so still, since his breaths had fallen so evenly. And all as they were trapped here in a constructed reality, while humanity faced an extinction level event. Tony’s mind had always functioned in odd ways, but this was inexplicable even for him. This peaceful skyline arrayed before his eyes now was a lie, there were portals over New York again, his worst nightmare was coming true –
STARK: Huh. [glances at the his notes] Ladies and gentlemen... and Mr. Bachman...[laughter in the audience]... We all heard what happened in Madripoor. We all saw the news. I am not here to talk to you about that. I am here today to tell you what
"He waded straight into the very center of the fire and extinguished it before anything else went boom," Hammer continued in his faux friendly manner, nudging Tony with his elbow as if he'd said something remotely amusing. "We all did our part, of course," he continued. "Every one of us showed a lot of courage – I, for example... Well, it would be crude to praise myself." He looked around for a moment, as if expecting one or two of the techs to step in, say something. They just sort of looked at one another uncomfortably. Hammer didn't lose a beat, though. "In any case, let us use this opportunity to end the rivalry between the pilots and the techs." He extended his hand. "Let us shake on it. What do you say, Tony?"
"She's alive, you know," he blurted, and Steve's eyes went wide. "Very old, obviously, but alive. You should go see her." Tony was speaking more softly, now, non-threateningly. "I could help you out with that. If you wanted. At some point. Although you shouldn't wait too long, you know."
Was it the drink? The distance? Did his hand tremble when he saw the man point the gun at Steve's back? His heart sure as hell did tremble.
" Tony asked. And: "Got the sprinklers now. They were just offline because of the... And there, I extended the range, this should work like a charm. Cap?
The device was big and it was clunky, and shit to look at. Was it going to work? Yes, probably. But was
"Because I'm secretly Grinch?" he said to Steve now, reeling back from the memories and trying to turn it all into a joke, like the massive coward he was, he thought. He hated his own voice before he even finished speaking, because there was now something apologetic in Steve's eyes.
"Running's fine." He forced a shrug. He'd hated every second of every minute that it took him to cast off the pretty blankets at 4.30 a.m., and put his feet down onto the icy floor, and splash water into his grainy eyes; other than that, it was fine, yeah.
Another step forward. He extended his right hand, reaching for Steve’s left; as if just one touch could break the spell. Steve of course had to reach out with his right, as if to shake Tony’s. Tony batted it aside. “Not a business deal, damn you”, he muttered, half-aware he was speaking aloud, and caught Steve’s left in his own. It was warm and dry, and it squeezed Tony’s harder than he had expected, and held on. He felt the warmth of that palm right in the centre of his chest. And he looked up at the Steve’s face again; a sudden smile lit up Steve’s feature. He tried to contain it, but no use. Tony’s eyes were glued to Steve’s lips. His breath hitched.
He kisses me about four months in. He does it in the middle of an argument, and it takes me by such surprise that my knees buckle and I almost lose my footing. I literally melt into his arms.
Tomorrow morning, the snow stops and the roads soon become passable again. They take the dog to a vet clinic. The vet decides to keep him for a couple of days in order to make sure he is all right, since Tony has no experience whatsoever with caring for canines. But the dog is going to be just fine, the vet promises. Tony isn't going to mention anything to Morgan yet, though. He decides to keep it as a surprise.
The key was not to make a big deal out of this now. He rolled off of Tony, lay on his back, the wet sand a sharp irritant under his skin. He breathed in and out and let himself disappear a little inside his own icy pit.
It was still very early for us and there were many things we hadn't told each other yet. And, when it was about Tony, my curiosity tended to win over my tact. "Did you often sit like this with your Steve?" I asked before I gave it much thought.
seem reluctant to go, if Tony read him right at all. Inside the diner, there were still some remnants of the miracle energy, perhaps. The moment they stepped out, they would be back to perfect strangers. They would have to be. What other option was there? Maybe Steve felt it too.
Steve turned to see who was speaking to him and almost jumped when he spotted Peter Quill, standing there, looking all friendly and
The next inescapable question was... "So, echoes of the multiverse or an overactive imagination, what do you think?"
After Siberia, Tony had tried telling himself Steve obviously didn't care about him at all. It was a fantasy that brought him grim satisfaction. It helped him turn his own pain into anger; useful. But now he stood there remembering the look on Steve's face when Carol finally brought Tony back to Earth, the way Steve had frantically run to his side. The way he had desperately drank in Tony's face with his eyes. The same hunger was probably mirrored on Tony's own face as he took in the planes and angles of Steve's face in that moment, familiar and yet new, the recently acquired lines of worry on his brow. For a second, the only thing Tony was able to think had been – thank god he's alive. Because he'd been sure Steve would be among the half that had died, because he was too large for life, because he was too much for Tony to handle or understand, because it was Tony's fate to lose him over and over and over again, in a million different ways.
Steve decided to play his game for the moment and act as if he didn't know who he was. "May I offer you a drink of wine?" he asked and offered him the wineskin.
"Tony." That was all I was managing to say to him. I pulled my own shades off. Only by the cold breeze on my face I registered there were tears streaming down it.
? I should have known. I mean, I should have known he wouldn't be able to just get over his Steve and move on. He needed this, I supposed. He was understandably nervous, but he obviously needed me, needed touch, comfort; I should be there for him. But, oh god, I couldn't do that. I thought I was doing a good job of hiding my emotions, but he was peering into my face, frowning. I was on my feet, then, before I realized what I was doing. I needed air. I needed to be out of there. I'd come back later, I'd apologize, I'd explain. But right now I needed to be away from Tony, to sort through my emotions and find some acceptable ones to slap on the surface of this mess that was, nominally, me.
," he responded, a tad testily, because it was probably a hallucination anyway, and why would he want to be nice to a hallucination? "I'm pretty sure you heard me the first time."
searing through his cock, a need to be touched, as if a touch would assuage these feelings, not just intensify them. And he feels a ghost of that pinch in his nipple, a mild burning  for
I tried to cover it all up by rummaging around in a box, but the random things I saw just made it worse. And then I found the mug with Natasha's symbol on it. In my timeline Clint had broken it years ago, but here it was whole; it was the last straw. There was no use trying to hide it, and besides, we'd just made a pact. I just looked at Tony and shrugged, feeling helpless. I tried to smile through the tears.
Tony straddles his legs then; sits. Steve can feel the weight of the suit pinning him down, stretching the muscles of his arms, perpetuating the discomfort that Steve is so hot for, rendering him virtually immobile. He digs it all.
Tony zoomed in on a guy on his knees, a target painted on his forehead. He saw him take something out of his sleeve; it was the same doodad Tony used, but this man didn't just want a drink, didn't just use it to carry around a concealed flask in his sleeve. The man half-turned around, opened his mouth to make an inane and no doubt malicious comment before he...
But he was on his feet, then, right next to me in a matter of seconds. He grabbed my upper arm, then, and literally spun me around by sheer force of will.
Tony breathed out. "I could have lost you," he repeated. And it was probably too much, but in the grand scheme of things, so what? So, Steve would know Tony cares about him? He could imagine worse things; for example, Steve falling through the ice and never coming out. Steve thinking Tony was indifferent to him, Steve thinking Tony never forgave him; that was
It was the relief that was making Tony flirt, he thought. Because a part of him, somewhere on the inside, was still shaking, vomiting at the fact that Steve easily could have died tonight. The fact that he survived the ice once was no guarantee – because here he wouldn't have frozen instantly, it wasn't
The thing was, Steve could. The idea bloomed inside him, spreading petals, and he realized he'd been watering the seed of it for a very long time, ever since Tony first told him where he came from. It had been an idle dream, sure, but now it was becoming solid, almost palpable – to traverse the universe, see different planets, do good. With
Tony: Oh, so you don't put out on the first date, eh? Not before she buys you dinner at least. How far did you let her get? Second base? Do tell. I'll go get some popcorn.
"How about you, old man?" Tony asked conversationally, turning to Steve, unaware of what was going on in his head. "Going stir-crazy already?"
The Wendigo comes from Native American mythology. It’s said that, people who committed heinous crimes against their loved ones and betrayed their trust would transform into such a beast. It is a demonic spirit that first originated to sway those facing extreme hunger from resorting to cannibalism. Its body is a mixture of human and deer, often being depicted as a tall, skeletal creature with the head of a deer skull. The Wendigo oftentimes is represented without lips since it eats them as it’s constantly famished. Some people believe the Wendigo can possess humans and force them to kill and cannibalize others. These possessed people are said to be the first “zombies.”
“What does-“ Tony cut himself off to smirk at Steve, who couldn’t get into the fridge because he was leaning against it. Steve huffed amusedly and kissed his boyfriend’s cheek as he gently picked Tony up and set him down to the right of the fridge. Tony continued speaking after the satisfaction of teasing his boyfriend wore off. “What does May think of all this?”
“Why you little…” Tony gave Peter a playful shove before putting him in a headlock and giving him a noogie. Peter continued to howl with laughter even after Tony had stopped roughing around, leaning into the older hero. He pulled the teen tightly against his side and wrapped him in a hug. “I do have one more question for ya, though,” Tony said as the two heroes made their way to the elevator.
“The cemetery was huge, and we had to walk through the whole thing. ‘Bout halfway through, we stopped at an old mausoleum to take a break. I was getting terrible… vibes, I guess. That’s the only way I can describe it.” He didn’t know exactly how to describe the feelings he got when a dark entity was nearby. His spider-sense was more of a buzzing at the base of his skull, alerting him to impending danger and the severity of the threat. But his sixth sense was different. It was almost like he could feel the spirit’s presence; his skin buzzing with unseen energy.
“No don’t- please don’t hurt him.” And just like that, Tony’s hard-as-nails facade crumbled. If groveling and bowing down to a shortsighted imbecile like Justin Hammer meant keeping Peter safe - or less injured than he currently was - then he would do it. He would do anything for his kid. “I-I’m sorry. Please, I’m sorry.”
“Peter, you’re a meta with spider powers. Aliens have come from the sky, the multiverse is real, and one of our teammates is a god.” She chuckled, shrugging nonchalantly. “Not much can actually surprise me. It’s not like you can see dead people or anything, right?”
Everything was in disarray. Papers were strewn about, and what little furniture they owned laid overturned. Fresh drops of blood littered the wood floor, starting from the doorway and trailing off to the left. The heavy scent of iron nearly made Peter gag.
Not after he screamed at Tony, disrespected him, and disobeyed his direct orders. Sure, he meant what he said, every word. But that didn’t mean he should have said it or in such a harsh manner. How could he be so rash and immature? How could he yell at his mentor, his hero, his father figure- No. Tony wouldn’t want anything to do with him now. There was no way Tony would forgive him for what he’d said and done.
Instead, he was unable to stop Crow from swinging a hatchet straight into Hamir’s back, the blade embedding itself deep into his flesh.
“Have… have you ever encountered any of these mean spirits?” Curiosity and her love for Peter made her ask, but she wasn’t sure if she actually wanted to know the answer.
“I know, Mr. Stark. But I need to check on my aunt. We were gone for almost two days, and they could- I just have a bad feeling and… I just know something is wrong.” Peter stammered quietly, knowing how crazy he sounded. “Please, I-“
Those images and phantom pains nearly sent him spiraling. The fear so debilitating he felt as if he would suffocate as his chest constricted, trapping the air inside his lungs. A fresh wave of tears began to cascade down his sunken cheeks, dripping onto the floor to form a salty puddle beneath his head.
This is it! The final chapter! It’s more of an epilogue to wrap things up. Thank you so much to everyone who has stuck with me and this story:) You all rock!
Tony held the kid securely against his chest, one hand running through the fluffy curls tickling his chin. He couldn’t shake the feeling that the next couple of weeks were going to be extremely tough, especially for Peter. But he would be damned if he let Peter face the coming horrors alone.
“Please be still.” He whispered, the need to comfort Peter overriding just about everything else. This was bad, and the situation would undoubtedly get worse if he didn’t act quickly.
Rose glared daggers at her friend. “What the fuck did I just tell you?” She asked rhetorically, sarcasm mixing with pure terror. “We are meant to be feared!” She screamed. “I am meant to be a formidable force no one can beat, yet he could control me like a puppet with strings.”
But this was different. So, incredibly different, and Peter wasn’t entirely sure why. Maybe it was because he no longer had his team for backup, or Karen in his suit to talk him through the specifics, or Tony whose voice alone could ground him to the here-and-now. And May… he failed her. He was unable to save her, just like he was unable to save his uncle. Perhaps it was a combination of everything.
She smiled to herself, thrilled Peter was willingly communicating with her. “Would you prefer English, Русский, or another?” (Russian) Both spiders were fluent in multiple languages and would often use more than one dialect during a single conversation; the different tongues flowing into each other smoothly like water down a stream as they conversed.
The cuffs around his wrists, the metal bolt on the floor, as well as the chains connecting them were hexed, reinforced with some type of magic so an enhanced person couldn’t break free. Not that he had the strength to break out even if he wanted to. He needed to eat every hour or so, and it was over thirty-six hours since he last ate. His strength was practically nonexistent, and the pain in his stomach was unbearable as his metabolism continued to eat him from the inside out. Peter knew he wouldn’t last more than another day, if that. His beaten and battered body was already beginning to fail.
In a moment of clarity, over an hour after their fight, Tony reached out to his AI. “Friday,” he spoke aloud into the great expanse of his lab, “call Peter.”
“Pete? Kiddo, what’s wrong?” Tony immediately rushed to Peter’s bedside and pulled the small teen against his chest; like he did any other time, the teen had a nightmare and needed someone to comfort him and get him through it. He began carding his fingers through Peter’s hair, cooing softly. “It’s okay, Underoos. You’re alright; I’m here. I’ve got you.”
They stayed that way for a long time, comforting each other as a family. The family they were always meant to be.
Rose jolted awake with a piercing scream, the sudden movement causing her to lose her balance and teeter dangerously close to the edge of the camper roof. She reached out blindly to stabilize herself, but the injury she sustained left her arm completely useless. With one last panicked scream, Rose crashed to the ground.
“How are you feeling, Peter?” Steve asked as he stirred the beef vegetable soup cooking on the double-wide stovetop. “A little better, I hope.” And he really did hope so, with all of his heart.
“You don’t have to lie to me.” In a rare display of affection, MJ took Peter’s hand and held it against her chest, just above her steadily-beating heart. “I care about you, dork. If you’re in trouble, then I intend to help.”
Peter thought. There was no way he would remain lucid. A pair of arms carefully lifted him, tucking his head against a sturdy chest. A feeling of warmth and safety settled over Peter’s shaking frame, and he lost consciousness.
“Friday,” he cleared his throat, willing the shakiness to go away. After a few deep breaths, he tried again. “Friday, station multiple suits at Ned’s and MJ’s homes,” Tony instructed his AI. “Tell me if any irregularities are recorded within a five-mile radius.”
Steve selected one of the smaller quinjets in their arsenal to carry them on their journey. It had less built-in firepower but was better suited for covert missions as a trade-off. And while the Avengers didn’t know what exactly would be waiting for them once they arrived at their destination, they all agreed that stealth and the element of surprise would play to their advantage no matter what they came across.
Steve mock saluted then went about cleaning and cutting the fresh fruit, careful to remove all of the stems. He put the prepared strawberries in a sizable white bowl that matched with the rest of the tableware and put it on the island in front of Peter. The pancakes were ready about five minutes later, the delicious smell wafting around the large room.
“As a superhero, yes, it is!” Peter screamed back. “It doesn’t matter who it is. I am always going to try and save them, especially you.”
Another loud crack jolted Tony from his buzzing thoughts. He turned to the left only to see a pair of big destroyed cuffs and shattered chain where Peter was previously sitting. There was a light tug on his shackle before it, too, was broken.
But to Peter, it felt like Tony was quiet for over an hour. The silence and anticipation unnerving him beyond words. He was so, absolutely terrified that the Avengers would drop him if he became too much of a burden. And he had no doubt that if, or more likely when, that happened, it would break his heart.
“No, Mr. Stark,” Peter immediately tried to push the envelope back into the billionaire’s hands, not keen on taking any of the man’s money. Despite what the Avengers might think, he was not a charity case. Tony did this every other week despite Peter’s insistence that he did not need to be paid. “I can’t accept this.”
Rose chuckled haughtily at the small number of books. Each one containing all of the memories Peter forged throughout his young life. “You have a meager collection, boy. I,” she spread her arms out wide in a symbolic display of her extensive collection of memories, “have an entire cathedral.”
So, he curled up into the smallest ball possible and continued to cry. There wasn’t anything else he could do.
“Yeah, well, it was a dumb question.” Tony spat. He was in no mood for idle chatter or questions, even if those questions were good in nature. This mission wasn’t like any others they underwent as Avengers. It was personal, and too much time had already been wasted.
“How ’bout we watch a movie.” Tony could see how exhausted his protégé was and had a trick up his sleeve. Cuddling together during a movie was usually a full-proof way to get Peter to sleep. “You up to that, bud?”
“Mr. Stark!” Peter cut off his mentor’s rambling. “I’m feeling alright, Mr. Stark.” He chuckled at how flustered Tony looked and squeezed the hand entwined with his. “But I am really hungry and thirsty.”
Peter’s hands fell into his lap, and his shoulders sagged in defeat. He nodded, gaze set on the smooth, hard-wood floor. He couldn’t seem to make himself look his mentor in the eyes, terrified of the disgust and hate he might see. Shame bubbled up within his chest as he waited for someone to start laughing or yell at him.
There was a disturbing glint in the man’s eyes that Peter had seen on numerous occasions during patrol and on missions. Rapists and killers had the same satisfied look whenever they thought they were getting away with the horrors they committed.
Peter shook his head, well aware of the fingerprint-shaped bruises on his neck. He was very malnourished, so his healing factor was slower than usual, leaving even the smallest of wounds unhealed. He even wore the MIT hoodie Tony gifted him in hopes that the collar would cover the lower half of his neck. “Nothing’s wr-wrong.” He managed to choke out. “Just uh, Spider-Man stuff.”
Panic began to creep in, and his hands began to shake once again. His heart hammered loudly in his ears; the thought of Peter being stuck with those murderers made his stomach roll violently. It took all of his efforts not to lose the granola bar Steve forced him to eat this morning. After a good ten minutes of trembling where he stood, his breathing just shy of uncontrolled, Tony managed to find his voice.
On top of all of that, Peter and his aunt did not have a good relationship. He only spoke about her when directly asked, and when he did, it was with short, vague responses that didn’t leave much to go on. But after some digging on Tony’s part, it became clear that May wanted nothing to do with Peter. It was Ben who had accepted Peter when the teen’s parents had died in a plane crash, while May fought the custody process every step of the way. And judging by the sad, dejected look in Peter’s beautiful doe eyes whenever May was brought up, she was negligent at best. So, the Avengers tried their best to help their little spider out whenever they could.
But he kept those thoughts to himself, tucking them away for a later time, and instead settled on, “I’ll see you again soon. Friday’ll be here before you know it.” He ruffled the younger hero’s hair, “you’re my favorite intern. You know that, right?”
There was a moment of silence before Peter opened his bedroom door, causing Tony to fall backward. Peter couldn’t help but laugh as he helped the billionaire to his feet, the surprised look on Tony’s face beyond funny. “Sorry ’bout that, Mr. Stark.”
Peter took a shaky breath before forcing himself to sit up, his wounds flaring up with each move. There were various cuts on his arms, shoulders, and back. A sensory overload was coming on, and his stomach was cramping painfully from hunger. He was not in the best shape before he got kidnapped, and Peter figured he’d be in even worse condition before they got rescued, especially if he didn’t get any food to help him heal.
“How are you feeling? Any pain? Are you thirsty or hungry?” Tony asked in rapid succession, hardly taking a breath in between words. “Dr. Cho said you would definitely be hungry, so I can tell Friday to call Steve and I have water here so-“
Besides the chipping paint and occasional crack in the plaster, the bedroom's blue-heather walls were bare. A small closet the night and width of a standard refrigerator sat in one corner, and a single twin bed stood against the right wall opposite it. The only other piece of furniture was a compact bedside table at the head of the bed below the window.
Like John A Keel, I believe that some of the aliens and cryptids occasionally caught on video come from different dimensions that we can’t see/access. That these creatures come through tears in our reality (or portals) into our dimension through heavily charged areas on earth, like the Appalachian mountains. Hence the reason why they disappear so quickly and can’t be found. Sort of like the Upside Down from Stranger Things.
The teen’s reluctance was unmistakable, and it pulled at Tony’s heartstrings, playing a sad tune he couldn’t bear to hear.
“We have a room ready.” Dr. Cho broke in; her demeanor was calm and professional as usual. She smiled gently when her eyes met Peter’s. “You can rest now.”
Tony’s strong, almost angry response caught Peter off guard. He turned back to the mechanic with a look of confusion on his face. “What?” He asked.
He went to knock, but the door fell open with ease. A red flag. The suit molded to his form with a silent command, and Tony entered the apartment cautiously. The sight that befell his eyes was gruesome. Most surfaces had blood splattered on them, and a large crimson stain coated the carpet. May was sitting in an armchair, a gaping hole in her throat straight through her carotid artery.
As a kid, I disliked DC, but now that I'm older and more open minded, I started looking into DC more. And let me tell you, the comics are freaking awesome! If not a little dark in some places. The OG Teen Titans cartoons are super radical, and some of the newer movies are pretty good. And of course, the fanfiction is phenomenal;) I have yet to watch the Young Justice cartoons or any other animated series, but I can't wait to do so!
“My parents and I are going to visit my grandmother in Pennsylvania.” She paged through her AP biology textbook as she talked. “She’s turning ninety-seven, so we’re throwing her a party.”
The remaining Knot members sped over, both concerned and surprised by their leader’s disheveled state. Their worry only grew when they saw the ugly, blistering wound on Rose’s arm. Blood dripped down her wrist in a steady stream, staining her skin and settling in the creases of her hands. It looked as if she had wrapped her forearm with smoldering metal.
Steve’s experience in the army helped him in battle as an Avenger but in social situations as well. A keen eye and tactical brain were needed in order to observe the enemy, assess the situation, and devise battle strategies. In comparison, he used those same attributes to read people and just about any situation, be it a team outing, meeting with Director Fury, or press events. He was surprised at how versatile his army skills were but, in the end, was always thankful for them.
“Hi.” Peter smiled at the ghosts he had come to know over the past few years. When humans couldn’t be there for him, the spirits often were. “Thank you for being here.”
The cult members continued to laugh at and mock the teen in front of them. But they were so engrossed in their jeering that they neglected to notice the lights flickering above them or the drop in temperature.
“Stop telling my kid what to do.” Tony snapped, wrapping his arm around the teen and pulling him close. “Only I get to do that, birdbrain.”
Crow trembled where he stood, choking out one last question in a fruitless attempt to extend his life another minute. “Wait… wh-what do y-you mean-mean?”
Peter’s big brown eyes found Tony’s, and he tilted his head to the left, causing Tony to bark out a genuine laugh. Peter looked like a curious little puppy.
May hardly ever bothered to ask where Peter was or what he was doing, not caring about her nephew in the slightest. The only times she bothered to talk to him was if she needed him to do something, like cleaning the apartment or if she was angry at him for some reason. Reasons he never seemed to be privy to.
“Ned and your girlfriend are in decathlon, too, right?” Natasha lightly teased him because she knew full well that Peter had a massive crush on the team’s Captain. Tony knew too, and playfully pestered his protege about it. “MJ must’ve stuck with you.”
And this sweet little boy in front of her… he was more precious to Natasha than life itself. So, if she needed to tread lightly for a little while, for his sake, then she would.
Tony burst through the bedroom door a moment later. The old MIT t-shirt he wore was discolored from old grease stains, and the jeans he had on were holey and tarnished as well. Clearly, he had come up from his lab after being alerted by Friday that Peter was distressed. But Peter was too out of it to notice or care, the little girl’s terror-filled expression tattooed in his mind.
Logically, Peter knew his surroundings weren’t unlike the other kidnappings he experienced. During patrol, crime often drew him to dilapidated buildings in the more seedy parts of Queens, and Avenger missions occasionally led them to abandoned military bases that were nothing short of scary.
I opened my mouth to ask something; closed it. Thought about what I was going to say. "Is there any scenario in which this doesn't turn out to be a disaster? Apart from me just going back to my own timeline."
Steve's face was worried, but Tony had the pain thing practically under control now. As long as he didn't put any weight on the foot. Clumsily, he struggled up to his knees. "Never better," he said.
, was Steve's first thought. The answer was easy. You really didn't have to be a genius. He'd been too pushy, too impulsive. It had all been too much. Steve had been horrified when he realized it was Howard Tony was talking about. Parents have such power. They create the best or the worst memories that follow their children for the whole life. And here was Howard, responsible for this hoarseness in Tony's voice, and now Steve felt angry at himself for even
"My Tony," she clarified, when I didn't say anything, just stood there. I must have seen like an accomplished conversationalist to her, overall. "He loved all the others too, a lot. But you were... something else. You were deeply important to him. He'd want you to know that."
She cocked her head in thought. "Nah, you're more like the bad boy the heroine fools around with before she picks the good guy for good. Or it'd be like that if I
They all, as far as Steve understood, used to belong to this government agency called SHIELD, but when they discovered  the sort of thing their agency had been doing, experimenting on people, they changed sides in this huge interplanetary war, and very soon after that, Tony's ship got shot down and he ended up here.
, Steve wonders, and a part of him thinks this was just one big, cruel joke at his expense, but Tony wouldn't do that. (Would he?) And the other part of Steve looks the armor up and down, how slick it is, and impersonal and imposing, and he wants.
He was leaning against the wall. Now he laughed out, and covered his mouth with his hand, and on a crazy impulse he tried to simultaneously grab Steve's shoulders and slap him on the back. He ended up throwing his arms around him, then apparently his goddamn foot gave out and he fell against Steve's chest. Steve's arms flew around him, catching him, steadying him.
as he grabbed hold of Steve's dripping cock with his other hand. Steve fucked into his hand, shuddered, gasped.
Tony: And in the same vein, uh-oh. Rhodey just flew back from France, he's coming over, and I think he's pretty pissed at me. So I gotta go. Talk to you later.
learn to like him, infuriating though he was – and it just didn’t seem right. It’d never been about Steve’s looks.
"I did come earlier," I say. I dig out a photo from my wallet and pass it to him. "Just not... here." Natasha peers over to see. "Is that what you had in your hand? At first I thought you were reaching for a gun." She doesn't seem in the least surprised it's me and Tony on our wedding day in the photo. But it's Natasha, she only shows what she chooses to.
Tony had about a dozen possible replies to that, one snarkier than the next, but in the end he just sighed and muttered "Oh, who cares", inconsequentially, and dug himself deeper into his blankets. (The dust made him sneeze again. He should have taken the cleaner ones from the bedroom, but he'd wanted the old things from the upper floor with the red and brown pattern he remembered from his early childhood.)
For a moment, Tony drummed his fingers on the bed next to the book. A coldness sneaked into Steve's stomach, settled.
I found them in a box of stuff from the other Steve's closet: my sketchbooks and journals. Or – well, not mine, exactly. They used to be arranged by date, but now they were all jammed together into a waterproof box, like all our other things from the Compound were.
, Tony thought. Everything. Even Barnes. He could learn to tolerate even the Bucky fucking Barnes. "Why the hell not?" He looked at Steve appreciatively. "I bagged the key player, after all. Everything else is less important." And then, as if there was any doubt left: "Steve, I love you."
he thought, because coffee always made everything a bit better, and because, on the ship, the supplies of coffee were limited. At one point, it would run out, and it was a good idea to pour as much as possible into him now, while he still could.
"Short of finding a wheelbarrow for me to push you around in, that's the only option we got. Besides, I need my hands free."
rescued the survivors from the wrecked ships, transferred most of the civilians to the two surviving crafts, and drafted the useful ones into service. And this was, incongruously, incomprehensibly, how he had ended up sleeping on a bunk bed above Justin Hammer of all people. This was how he had come to work a menial, mind-numbing maintenance job after the big repairs on
Tony: And you know what, just saying I agree with Everhart, on anything, might make the universe implode, so watch it, Rogers.
"What about Fisk?" he heard himself ask. "And Roxxon? Who is going to protect Timely against a retribution? What...?
Tony: And then there's a part of me that thinks Ross was at least a known evil, and I've no idea who will come to take his place.
Tony had pictured Rogers behind a miles-long desk, with impassive face and stapled fingers, dishing out punishments like a clerk at the entry-level of Hades. He found the man all flustered, in a sweaty T-shirt, wiping his face with a towel. Practically radiating heat.
The days flew by, and he did his best not to give two thoughts to how the Rogers' attitude towards him had changed even further. There were no more attempted jokes or awkward kindnesses. Rogers began absenting himself from Tony's lectures. (But the lectures were drawing to a close, anyway, so that part of his life was over too; Tony told himself – very firmly – he was not going to miss it.) Cap still instructed him personally – that was unavoidable, obviously – but that was pretty much the only time Tony ever saw him. He did his best to keep his distance too. Strictly businesslike, that was the ticket to that cruiser. Tony knew how to do businesslike, sure enough, now that he knew his attentions weren't welcome. Between the two of them, they managed to keep the verbosity to a minimum. Tony did his best to not be late, so that they wouldn't have to discuss that. He wouldn't even say hi, which was pushing it perhaps, but he found that a half-assed salute, in this case, did wonders. They would discuss the previous session, as tersely as possible. Then they would get on with the new exercises or repeat the old ones. Without too much experimentation with high speeds during the full gravity simulation. There will be more time for that later, Cap had decided. He also now preferred to sit in the instructor's chair, where he couldn't lean over Tony or guide his hand. Tony failed to acknowledge his presence whenever it was possible.
" Steve hesitates for a moment, just standing there, but it's either make a scene or follow Tony, still holding his hand.
, as in taking my stuff and going away, apparently. Leaving him. I won't say I almost lost the ground under my feet (even though it's probably true). I
resentment was growing weaker and more pathetic by the minute, however. So – Steve didn't trust him. So, what else was new? He didn't have to. Sometimes Tony didn't trust himself either, so that was perfectly understandable, wasn't it?
Rain is leaking into his eyes, dripping down his beard. Streaming down his hair into his ears. He remembers the umbrella. He remembers you are supposed to hold umbrellas upright. Over your head. Not hanging over your shoulder, as if you were a young woman on a Monet painting, absentmindedly spinning it one way and then the other.
But of course Steve would be insecure. There was so much unsaid between them. No, scratch that. Everything between them was still unsaid, and he couldn't even imagine where he would start with the business of
"I know," he whispers. "I always knew." In any other circumstances, this might have been a happy moment.
He didn't just want to have sex with Tony, but, he suspected, that was all he could get; and that was...
An observer is often observed himself, and many things are prone to go both ways. Tony cast a sharp look his way.
Tony thought he must have imagined the weird reaction. His senses were probably all over the place. Besides, they were sitting here, practically cuddling... “No, not really.” No, not
It makes sense, really. This is the most affordable semi-decent hotel around, and the secret new SHIELD is apparently even cheaper than the old one. There is also the fact that this place is closest to the convention venue. And the convention itself is primarily aimed at middle-aged, unsuccessful dentists who are looking to learn how to rekindle their business. Of course the attendants would pick the inexpensive nearby hotel to stay in.
In any case, it took him a while to get out of the urban areas with no money for transport and no ID. He did it mostly on foot in the end, because hitchhiking left a trail of witnesses behind. That was several months ago.
But, whatever they did, I knew one thing for a fact: his Steve must have loved him. I couldn't imagine a universe in which it would happen otherwise. A few constants must exist. And, if Steve loved Tony, and if they had sex occasionally, but still weren't together, it had to mean one thing: Tony didn't love him back.
During Tony's lectures, Rogers, more often than not, sat in the back. He would usually scribble something, his head bent low. Seemingly not listening.
"So," Steve said, somewhat bravely, when the waitress finally went away, "what's your gripe with Christmas, then?" In the yellow light, Tony finally had a chance to study that face for longer. Earlier, Tony had assembled a jigsaw puzzle from stolen glances and vague reflections in the windshield. But now he didn't have to pretend he wasn't looking because Steve was looking right back. It was the face Tony knew, all right, but on war propaganda and in history books Steve had looked noble and elevated and practically made from plastic. And hot plastic is still plastic. This was the reason Tony had stolen a few photos he'd found in Howard's desk, very many Christmases ago. In them, this man here was less of a Captain America and more of Steve Rogers, shy or serious or even goofy. The expressions, not the features, were actually the reason Tony was positive this was really him. And now the sadness in his eyes hadn't melted away, not exactly, but a certain warmth had found its way back there, and there was something so amicable in the curve of his lips that Tony didn't mind him asking questions. What's more, he didn't even mind answering.
She looks at him like he is some bizarre space creature. Or, well, since there are a couple of bizarre space people raining snowballs on them right now, he thinks this may not be the best comparison. "I
He gave Steve a piercing look, a sharp frown. "You saw us. On the balcony." Matter-of-factly. But not. There was something else in his voice too.
And now, as a streetlight poured its liquid gold into the car, he took a good, long look at Steve for the first time. His crisis mechanism instantly went into overdrive; thanks to it, his face stayed expressionless. He looked away as if nothing had happened. He said: "Then you have to be my local guide. Protect my interests and translate for me and things."
Tony let the hankie fall to his lap; then, with a noncommittal half-wave at his gauntlet, glowing on the window sill, added: "I had Friday check me for fever."
Near the elevator that connected their floor to the lower deck, the thrum altered again, becoming slightly higher in pitch. Someone had turned the basses down, the treble up. The music of the ship was modulated all wrong.
Come. With me.” That was absolutely the closest he could manage to an outright invitation at this moment in time.
Outside, he knew, the wind had stopped during the night, and snow had fallen and hushed the world. As soon as the sun  showed up from behind the mountains, the morning would turn quietly brilliant.
While the medic was finishing her work, Tony and Steve let the silence stretch. Just sitting together. What was going on in Tony's chest right then could perhaps be compared to petals slowly opening, one by one. It felt warm, and red, but not like fire (he shuddered at a thought of fire). Because, up until then he could try telling himself that he didn't know Steve for real, didn't know what he was like; was he selfish, perhaps, or a coward? Tony couldn't know that. He'd seen him act kindly towards others, yes, but that didn't have to mean anything.
Tony knew that. It didn’t always help, but he knew. “Yeah, neither did I. We’ve been through this already.” He made a conscious effort to make his voice gentler. “I
that turned him back around, that turned his head, that laughed with him and put his hand on Tony's and... it could have been just plain teaching, but it
The man couldn't be of help, though, not with that leg. Steve sent him back with a makeshift crutch, to see if he could make the elevator work again. If he could, he was to get to the pilots' deck and inform Natasha or someone of what was going on. If that was impossible, he was to wait for Thor, who would be coming back that way if everyone in the dorm section was all right and safe. Thor's orders were to evacuate them all onto the pilot deck, then come after Steve to lend a hand.
Fury rolled his eyes but waved okay to his team, who rounded up the prisoners into a nearby building.
Steve's hands traced the waistline of Tony's pants, pressing into his skin, at the same time wanting to prolong this and to feel everything
The darkness in Steve’s eyes was a reward in itself. “Hell yes,” the man growled, and Tony felt the words reverberate through his groin.
kissing back – that was unmistakable – Tony noticed that he wasn't holding onto him, he was just standing there, not exactly passive but still, as if undecided somehow. And that... Well, that just wasn't Tony's style. Suddenly, there was a  coldness in his gut, not of the numb kind, but heavy and very much
Tony: You drive me crazy, Rogers, you drive me insane sometimes, but I really, really, really don't hate you.
Now someone had started playing music from the speakers, not-too-subtle a hint to the guests that they had drunk all there was to drink and eaten all there was to eat and danced their way through the ballroom floor, and now they were overstaying their welcome, thank you very much.
Steve is still laughing silently two minutes later. "How old are you?" he asks, trying to sound all serious and adult and failing miserably.
"Dog," supplanted Tony, deactivating the armor and reaching for the pile of his clothes on the floor. He wasn't going to be self conscious about semi-nakedness when they'd seen each other like that plenty of times, in locker rooms. He wasn't.
"I want to take a look. I can't be sure because of the divergence, but maybe I want to show you something. You game?"
He smiled at that and acquiesced. I took his hand in mine – it was a bit smaller than my own, but wonderfully firm and warm and
Erase all the feelings. Be numb like an iceberg (no, not an iceberg, don't go there, find a different comparison). Hard like a diamond, reflecting the heat, reflecting the light, not letting anything,
He needed to find out what happened to Steve. But once he did, that would be that. No doubt any more, but no hope either. What if it was something serious, something irreversible? What then? Well, then it would have been Tony's fault, obviously. His, because he didn't fix the sprinklers in time, his, because he was too slow, too inefficient, because he chatted to Steve and kept distracting him. He practically had no right to worry about his safety, now.
Steve realized he was throwing about for a good reason to say no to what was basically a perfectly nice offer. No. Not perfectly nice. Way more than that. The offer was making him way too happy, and he'd learned to be leery of things that made him too happy. "Isn't Morgan going to come over tomorrow, or one of these days?"
Steve's hand brushed against Tony's waist, then – Tony swallowed hard – and the thumb sneaked its way under his tee. It stroked the skin of his midriff, ever so slowly.
. He ground his hips against Steve, just a little, just once, to find relief from the burning for a second.
Tony felt an irresistible urge to stick his tongue out. "Yeah, you never went clubbing in Malibu." Vaguely, he nodded towards the balcony door, from where the tendrils of a waltz sneaked in. Tony actually quite liked the piece. "You turn 44, you're allowed to dance to
"Yeah, I know, but what's happening?" Steve glanced over. Tony's back was still turned to him, but he seemed to be shifting.
He puts a hand on Tony's shoulder. Tony doesn't turn around. There is a second of unbelievably long agony, that can, as far as Steve is concerned, be summed up as
Honestly, it would have been enough for him just to be there quietly, just to stand beside Tony. He could have hung back. Clint and Sam had stayed, chatting with the others; and there was Thor, Thor was always easy to talk to. The others too – everyone, really, they were all okay again, weren't they. But stupidly, stupidly he'd opted for escape because he had no idea what to say or where to look, because his eyes seemed uncontrollably, magnetically drawn to Tony's eyes and Tony's lips. Steve had missed his face, even when it spooned out fake smiles.
Tony: But then, Clint happens, via your running commentary. Clint happens; Clint's sorry. And that's it for me, I'm done, I'm over, I'm gushing to the press. And after that, I can't but wonder – what kind of person am I, to roll over like that, to latch onto the... what wasn't even an apology, since he didn't even say it to ME?
When they were about to part ways – Natasha wanted to get to the community showers before the evening crowd, and Steve was going to wash up in his own quarters – Natasha put a hand on his shoulder.
Still, at the sound of gunshot, Steve was already diving behind a barrel, and the man on his knees missed as well.
Steve didn't have any experience with divorces or big breakups. To do that, he'd have to be in a long relationship first, which was also a thing he didn't have any real experience with. If this whole situation seemed a little harsh on Tony – well, surely Tony and Pepper knew what they were doing. Still, "But couldn't they delay the trip for a
"No, we don't," Tony says, and they start walking, easily falling into step. Old habits die hard. "The sooner we're done with each other, the better."
. I just...” He took a sip of his chocolate. It was richer and sweeter than Tony remembered, or his tolerance had dropped with age, but Steve seemed to have absolutely no problem with it. He hummed appreciatively. “So good.” But as Tony still stared at him, he added: “I mean, the roads have probably been cleared by now. Will they... Is it going to be okay? That you invited them over and then blew them off?”
When I've finally fallen silent, he shook his head, as if in disbelief. "I could have had all that," he said quietly.
Tony was already looking up into Steve's eyes, so it absolutely wasn't necessary for Steve to raise his hand and tilt Tony's chin even further up, brushing his cheek with his thumb. But oh, it felt divine. "Waiting for the perfect time never turned out to be such a good idea, in my experience," Steve said softly.
Steve seemed to focus on Tony’s words. “Oh. It passes on its own. I’ve tried a hot water bottle, blankets, things like that, but really, it’s all in my head, it’s nothing to be...”
"The town's a few miles down the road, that's good for me," Steve replied cheerfully. He felt uncomfortable pretending he didn't recognize Tony. But still, this didn't seem like a big lie, and he felt something playful stir inside him. He could chat to Howard's son, see for himself what he was really like. No harm done. Right?
Steve frowned noncommittally. "Speaking of soldiers..." He paused for a second. "Why did you leave the academy?" he asked instead of acknowledging any of this. His voice sounded genuinely curious.
He was standing in the middle of the kitchen floor like a lonely island, just newly emerged from the sea. The instant I saw him, I wanted to go to him, ask him if he was all right, if he'd slept at all. But: "Steve, I'm sorry."
STARK: The truth is... we fuck up too. Just like everyone else. But our fuckups are more global and more visible and with much worse consequences. Lethal consequences. You're going to have to beep this out, right? Sorry about that. Anyway... We try to make right. We
, he thinks. It's about playing or not playing the villain's game; or doing it only to the bare minimum. Gaming the system, cutting the wire instead of lying on top of it or stepping on someone who did.
Steve opened his mouth to say something, but Tony was quicker. "I know that wasn't really you, and I know it's not fair to you."
"Take the left turn," Steve told him, blissfully unaware of any of this. He probably felt secure, hidden behind his hair and beard.
"This," he said when they got back in, "is cadet Stark," – he deliberately dropped the first name, although everyone probably  knew it anyway – "who used to work for our tech department these past two months, and who is also an aerospace engineer. He is going to give a presentation and give you a basic introduction into the theory of aerodynamics, astrodynamics, and also viper craft design and engineering, if we have some time left."
might work. Well. In the last few years, he hadn't been trying all that hard to solve this particular problem. He wouldn't say he was exactly happy in Timely, but certain local elements – well,
Steve met his eyes over the plate stuffed with assorted snacks that were supposed to appeal to a three year old. Yesterday Tony would have sworn he cared jack shit about what Steve thought about his personal life, but now he had to admit it wasn't quite the case. He'd always cared about Steve's opinions. Too much so, Pepper had said  on a few occasions.
Tony isn't going to try to push it in, but for a moment he lets himself fantasize about it. It wouldn't feel good, in reality, but the image is hot as hell.
"Okay," he whispered. All the objections he'd been going to voice suddenly seemed irrelevant. Someone might hear? Who cared. If they opened the cell door, he and Steve could probably kick their ass. Even if that wasn't the case, virtually anything was better than idly sitting here.
." His voice had started casual but by the end it had gone bitter around the edges. He shook his head at me.
, Tony thumb slides up the slit of his cockhead, and a violent shiver passes through Steve, but then it's gone, the sensation is
Tony: Maybe I was simply unable to digest the fucking facts so I did everything else instead. I tend to be adult like that, you see.
Tony shrugged, somewhat dejectedly. It was getting really cold outside, but he dreaded getting back in and facing everyone again. (Facing Steve again, Steve that didn't have anything to say to him, Steve who seemed so uncomfortable, Steve whom Tony hadn't exactly given a chance before he decided to run to Rhodey.) "We didn't get off on a great start, tonight."
Then he realizes he's on a space ship – a different one this time. The memories surge back like a rock slide.
"No one will look out of a window. It's Christmas Eve and it's late. Everyone is staring at the TV or snoring."
"The shield." Tony grins to disperse his own serious thought. This is a night for happiness. "As soon as I find it."
The events took an unexpected turn when Natasha sent him another of her encrypted voice messages. In itself, the fact wasn't particularly surprising; she did it from time to time. Checking in, keeping contact, all that jazz.
"Because you don't have to. You can just say no. No need for explanations. But in case you are genuinely just asking – Fury's people would take care of it. He wouldn't just leave folks to fend for themselves after an intervention like this. But, Steve, if coming along actually seems like..."
Tony: I said I just wanted him to be safe and to have some time to recuperate without worrying about all this, which, well, you can imagine how well that went down.
"Yes," Steve admitted. "I forgot how it was. To feel so... limited. I know it's not fair to say so," he added quickly.
"Only constantly." It's the third truth. He gives her that one for free because her admission has made him feel charitable and grandiose. "You worry for me more than for Steve. Yay!"
Steve pushed him against the lobby wall and kissed him like the whole world was ending. It lasted for a long time.
"We don't have to talk about it," Steve began, "please forget that I...", but Tony shook his head, vigorously. Getting real with Steve, and Steve getting real with him, back in the car, was what had started all this; and he still wanted that, with him, even if they only had a little time to spend together before they inevitably went their separate ways.
Tony knew one of the Jessicas had a simulator class with Cap earlier in the day, and then it was Bruce and then Scott. Tony wondered when the man found the time. It was almost as if his day stretched longer than the normal 26 hours, and what's more, he almost never looked tired.
He got up from the chair and, somehow emboldened by Tony's tone, laid both palms against Tony's waist. "I'm right here," he said, "and I don't plan on dying anytime soon."
Tony: We just said goodbye not half an hour ago, and I miss you so fiercely it’s practically ridiculous.
Oh, another gigolo joke. Steve never thought he would welcome those, but there you go. "Possibly both at this point," he said, quirking his lips. Technically, it could have been the truth. Some of the SHIELD agents after him were possibly married.
Steve closed his eyes and something in his facial expression shut Tony up. The blond seemed to come to a decision in a second. All of a sudden, his face looked very set. "All right. Let's not be stupid about this." He opened an emergency locker and grabbed three jumpsuits and helmets; tossed two to Tony and Thor. "Put these on. We're all going up."
A couple of minutes later, forefinger of his right hand stuck between the pages although he hadn't yet read more than two or three, he was back. He contemplated the armchair by the window for a moment, but, perhaps because Tony was ignoring his presence completely, his eyelids halfway down, pretending to be engrossed in the fire – Steve decided against the chair. Instead, on a crazy impulse that had landed him in trouble in the past, he grabbed Tony's gauntlet to use as a light, and thumped down on the bed beside Tony, on top of the bed cover. It was a
, why would he hint at it like this? No, no, it's just harmless chatter, he was sure of it. He did his best to look disinterested. "I've been around," he said.
Still very naked from waist up, Steve sat back down on the gurney. Kind of heavily. The movement was, if anything, devoid of his usual grace. Were his eyes getting a tad bleary or was Tony imagining it? Must be the painkillers at work.
"Yep, and it's warm and lovely there, and..." Tony took a breath, and also took a plunge, "and I'd be super happy to give you a ride if you'd care to join me for the road trip." In the end words were tumbling over one another in their hurry to get out of his mouth. Eager much? He didn't care at this point. Steve was looking at him with bright eyes that seemed to see only Tony. Tony could hardly believe it, but there it was, and he could deny it no longer. "Besides, I think you should probably stay on the move." Stop talking, Tony. "Since you're a fugitive and all." Stop right now or he'll think you're desperate. "And if everyone knows you by name two towns away, it's defo time to leave." Okay, too late now.
Steve looked like he was going to say something, then changed his mind. He ran a hand through his hair, sitting back on his heels. Raised his eyebrows as if amused, but it, all in all, looked like an afterthought. "Oh, so now you're adopting this dog?"
– with his own eyes was... unbelievable. Tony felt his chest constrict, he wasn't even sure with what emotion.
The familiar thrill that ran through him, so intense he almost shivered physically. He opened the one from Tony.
"You'll have to very explicitly kick me out of here if that's what you want," I said as steadily as I could manage. "Otherwise I'm not going anywhere."
mask, meant for friends and family. I'm pretty sure he can fool neither Morgan nor Natasha with it, though. "Why are you talking to some rando in the park when you're here to meet me?"
Finally, Steve got to the point of his tale. Before being saved, the other Steve, in that other world, had almost killed his own Iron Man, and was suffering through nightmares as a result.
It was as if the cord that connected him to Tony kept fraying and getting stronger, randomly, and Steve had no control over it whatsoever. When he sometimes took initiative and wrote first, Tony would often as not ignore him or reply curtly. Maybe, Steve suspected, because he himself sounded awkward and forced and obviously never knew what to say. But sometimes the conversation would flow. Sometimes Steve could almost pretend all was normal.
And then Tony stepped forward, better to deliver the fatal stroke, even as Rhodey stood there and watched him silently with tightened eyes. Because why leave your best friend in physical pain alone when you could wound him emotionally too? “You though. Pepper. Howard.” Tony smiled, icing on a poisonous cake. “Steve. You wagged your fingers at me, and I felt better. Because it had to mean that you thought I could do better, right? That I was capable of better.”
Clint breathed in deeply. The shadows were lengthening across the countertop, the sun sinking lower. They’d all be getting in soon, light pattering feet and quiet giggles, petering off the second they saw the two shades seated on both sides of the kitchen.
All those years of fighting face to face and fighting back to back, banter rising and falling, arguments simmering and boiling over, ebb and flow and yield and
It’s a game he plays with every person he meets-some are easier than others. Howard was cast iron…brittle and difficult to bend. His mother was as brass as they came-its tarnished hue never quite that of gold, but so incredibly machinable, easily shaped into different forms while still retaining its strength. Rhodey…Rhodey is harder, and he can never fully make up his mind. Zinc, the base metal, seems to make the most sense, even though there are facts that don’t match up; because zinc galvanises iron, you see, and protection is the metal’s primary application. Corroding itself to protect others from the same.
(He thought he’d admired it in Steve….the naiveté of his idealism. But of course the tables turned, and he despised himself- because the only naïve fool around here was him.)
Tony: Pepper kind of resigned. And they thought it was a good idea to reelect me as the CEO. So, here I am now, yay.
There was no point in Tony rolling his eyes, since Steve couldn't see it. He laughed out instead, but it sounded brittle, even to his own ears. "So, I'm supposed to use
," he said sweetly, creamily. "You know my door is always open." The mildly perplexed frown on Steve's face. Ground, well prepared. Ready to slide the blade in. "Friday, check if I have an opening in the next, oh, two weeks or so." He tapped his watch, unnecessarily.
Stark's face changed. He barely waited until they stepped outside the briefing room, out of the others' hearing. "I screwed up," he stated. "Didn't I? I should shut up, shouldn't I?"
, Steve thought, unexpectedly dumbstruck by the sight of the big brown eyes. "You knew it was me, of course," Tony stated wryly.
Steve thinks, but something red is flying towards him from the other side of the field, and to hell with everything; he has no regrets.
The next one was even worse. The very same night, well after midnight, when he had finally tumbled into sleep: he was (Steve was?) sitting in a highly modern kitchen, all in metallic grays and earth yellows (weirdly, inexplicably, in his dreams Tony knew names of all these colors).
A lot happened during the following six months. What I want to say is, we didn't just mope around and talk about our feelings and watch movies, although there was quite a lot of that, too, actually. Ice-cream as well. What can I say, clichés are often clichés because they
, dammit, Steve, I can't talk and count at the same time, you know that." He rewarded this with a snort, because it was bullshit, and she glared at him. "Besides," she added offhandedly. "If I went running with them, they'd think I was openly supporting our side, so they'd think the info they know we are getting was coming from me, and then they'd think it was via Darryl and Thor, and that would be bad. So."
"Hey." Steve was wearing one of his uncomfortable smiles Tony'd learned to recognize. Because he hadn't been watching the man's every move at all, oh no. Also, he wasn't a creep for it. Also, he really had to stop thinking of him as Steve because that was going to bite him in the ass one of these days, and besides, Tony had to remember not to like him.
It wasn't your regular 'let's be friends' some people served you. Steve wasn't trying to let him down easy. What Steve said – he meant. That much was clear to Tony.
The silence wasn't uncomfortable, this time. Rather, it seemed like a necessary pause for both of them to catch their breath.
"See, you do know how to teach," he commented off-handedly, because that just meant he didn't care one bit, didn't it. "Don't know why you even have me doing it when you're good at it."
he wants to say, because he's promised himself he'd finally get his feelings into words, but he can't get them out. A lame
On second thought, probably everything Tony did that first day was a bad idea. Likely, if he hadn't waved at the techs working the night shift and blown kisses in their direction, the prank war wouldn't have started at all. Well. He was, as ever, absolutely unable to ignore Hammer's comments, while outwardly pretending as if he blithely didn't pay any attention to them. Still, he should have stopped at that. He
I could tell her about his arthritis and also all of his grandkids that keep him busy these days. I could also tell her he just got his family back and is thinking of starting therapy (it's going to work wonders for him, I know). But – there will be time for that. "He's happy," I tell her. "And he loves you, always." Both Clints do.
anything; I expect it simply gave me an illusion of control over the situation. And he... for him I don't think it was that. He was ever convinced we were basically the same people as our counterparts in other timelines. Did we talk once during those five years or every day? He thought it affected our relationship, sure, but not the essence of who we were as people. And, put like that, I couldn't even disagree fully. I think he was basically fascinated with the whole concept, though, and keenly curios to hear my story just because it was mine. I suppose his motives were purer than mine in that respect.
He shrugged; said nothing. They stared at each other for a moment; a minute. When it became awkward, they both fell into step, automatically, just to save the situation.
Steve was, however, busy at the moment, being wrapped in a giant bear hug of the Old Norse variant. Steve was probably the only one Thor could unleash the true force of his shoulder claps upon. Jesus Christ, Steve's back, his shoulder, the back of his neck, mildly pink with embarrassment. Tony never knew you could miss the way someone's neck met his meticulous hairline. It was so completely ridiculous.
Just seconds later, before either got to say anything, they were interrupted by running footsteps. Thor emerged round the corner, at a dead run. "What's going on?"
Slowly, he became aware of Steve quietly shivering under his blanket. Tony huffed in irritation. He wanted to stalk over to him, but that didn't go as planned, so he just limped and hopped, as per usual. Unceremoniously, he dumped both his blankets over Steve. He didn't want them to look like a peace offering, definitely not. Okay, maybe a little bit. He muttered something in the vein of
Then the ice broke again, like candy glass, and Steve's head disappeared from view, down, down. Terror gripped Tony like a hand made of snow and ice; he couldn't move. Luckily, he didn't have to; the suit was doing all the work.
“Okay,” Tony said, and with an enormous effort of will he suppressed the flood of orgasm that threatened to overcome him. Not yet, dammit, not
It took only a minute, it seemed later, although at that moment the time crawled. Steve ran through a few standard questions – the year, the location, the name – and found out Louis seemed well oriented and aware of his surroundings. He could stand up. A bit battered and bruised – with a sprained ankle, it seemed – but otherwise all right. He had – he admitted with a guilty grin – sneaked off into the storage closet to have a nap since there was nothing urgent to do on shift. Then the equipment started tumbling around, and the ceiling became the floor. He didn't know much beyond that.
In any case, he'd sounded almost normal when he said it. And then he added: "I just didn't think I'd be up for being this friends-with-benefits thing with you, not again, but you know what, why the fuck not. We're friends. We can have benefits. Right?" He smiled at me, and it was just a little tense, just a little on the brittle side. Still, it seemed genuine enough.
Tony: Thanks for the vote of confidence, I guess, but you know what, the fact that I know how to plaster a smile on my face and flirt with the audience doesn't mean it doesn't make my stomach turn. You gotta dress for the part, and play your part for these people, or they tear you to bits. And if I thought they at least did it out of passion for truth, or out of genuine malice, ANYTHING... But it's just in their job description. It’s their job to turn you into something plastic and two-dimensional. And not really human. And it depresses the shit out of me.
“All right,” Steve murmured and ran his thumb along the nape of Tony’s neck, so lightly it could have been a brush of air.
Tony: Maybe there's something to that idea, though. Maybe Maximoff could really help you. If the meds can't. Maybe she could take a peak inside your head. What she did to everyone during the Ultron debacle. What if she can do the opposite too?
Look, I'm aware I keep adding to the planned number of chapters, but the fic's getting longer than I thought. It's near the end, though, I promise.
?" He put his arms around me, then. Abruptly, from behind. It startled me; his warmth startled me. I wasn't used to being hugged. Nat was the last person that had given me a hug, and the fact that I knew exactly when and where it had happened just proved my point. So I just stood there like a log, feeling the warmth of his stomach and chest against my back, and thinking how I was going to fall apart any second now.
"I don't think we have time for this," Steve says matter-of-factly. He doesn't sound particularly hurried, though.
They were walking up the path, the cabin already in sight, visible by the early moonlight. Steve was carrying both sets of skis (he’d insisted). Tony was walking behind him; he was getting weaker in the knees by a moment, his joints jelly, but as Steve leaned the skis against the cabin, Tony couldn’t help himself. He bent down, picked up a handful of snow.
). He didn't open his eyes, deciding to go by the old kids' principle: if I can't see them, maybe they can't see me either. Instead of a click of a lighter, however, he became aware of someone crowding him a little bit – just an unknown body in his space, uncomfortable for a moment – until the person settled, leaning against the railing beside him, his shoulder rubbing against Tony's with familiarity. And there was a tiny moment of wild hope, and a thought suspiciously shaped like
This was when Steve's eyes popped open, his pupils huge, dilated. He looked at Tony without recognition for a second, and it unexpectedly, unjustifiably, broke Tony's heart in ten million little pieces. "Did I crash my plane?" Steve whispered.
It was as if he saw Steve for the first time since he entered the room. His eyes looked unusually mild in the firelight. "You brought me tea," he said very softly.
Tony would have thought that a prospect of seeing Steve nude for the first time would be a happy occasion, but:
Tony closed his eyes for a moment, trying to concentrate on his work. You didn't take on Roxxon like that, and live. Or Fisk. Not like
Steve kissed him, then. It wasn't passionate, exactly, because for the moment their passion was spent, but it was steeped in relief and trepidation and new hope.
My own hunger hadn't even registered with me before I started eating, and then it felt like I hadn't put anything in my mouth since we were here last, in 2012. Tony was no better, and only when we ordered seconds did we really get to talking.
Reed called it a multiversal gate; Tony considered the name strangely prosaic. It was a quantum miracle, a kaleidoscope of worlds, a... a...
Steve raised an eyebrow in Tony’s direction. Are you going to have him keep on calling you Mr. Stark?
One of the pilots, Barton, opened the door, stuck his head in. "Lang, Stark, pack your garbage. You passed the test, you're moving." That was all he said before he slammed the door shut behind him. Tony knew Barton in passing, but that was only natural. After the battle and the jump, there were only 5 pilots left on active duty; and Tony's work had him spend almost all his time around the landing bay. Tony had watched them all, as they put their helmets on, as they entered their vipers. He'd listened to the hum of the engines and envied them so profusely he could feel the vibrations of that envy in his whole body. Not parties, not comfort, not even his work; no, what he missed the most about his old life was flying. Flying anything, any kind of craft, anywhere, testing or racing or just taking risks for the hell of it. When all was said and done, flying was his life.
Steve flinched, caught unprepared. He'd been trying to figure Tony out so hard that he'd forgotten he was supposed to lie low and not draw any attention to himself. For a moment he had no idea what to say. He was drawing a blank, and he felt his muscles contract in response, readying for a fight. He relaxed them with an effort. Because he didn't really think Tony was after him, and if he
When we started the whole thing Tony hadn't been exactly young. The medicine did advance considerably, and thanks to it and to his own crazy sharp will and mind, he stayed spry almost to the end and he kept his mind to the last. He did worry about it quite a bit, but he was never in any real danger. Practically to the last day he still read complicated classical novels in six languages and kept working on new inventions. Me, I had the serum. As time went by, I started hating it more and more.
Right now he wanted to see Steve like a drowning man reaching for a life buoy. Just a minute would be enough. Just to touch him for a briefest second and rest his forehead against Steve's shoulder. Just that. And when did
He schooled his face as he shook Sam's hand and exchanged a few pleasantries – Sam was okay in his book, Sam was really all right, Tony liked him. He could imagine how easy a friendship with him would be. And then there was Clint, and holy hell, Tony would have sworn his hair had gone thinner, and there were some grays there, and he'd put on some weight. Clint seemed somewhat ill at ease, and before he knew what he was doing, Tony poked the man's waistline none too gently and said something on the line of
. He wanted to step up to Tony, take him back in his arms and kiss him – Jesus Christ, just one more time, just one solid, real kiss, for goodbye. The moment seemed to have passed, however. Now, somehow, although his hands were still on Tony's hips, the man seemed a hundred miles away.
"My Tony and I, we... weren't all that close," I said wretchedly. "Well, in the end, we were, I suppose, kind of. And it would have gotten better, I think, but..." I swallowed. I never forgave myself those last five years, really. I kept telling myself it was his decision and not mine, but I suppose I'm cursed to forever wander: if I'd tried to talk to him earlier, tried to clear the air, would he have let me be a part of his life? I wouldn't have wanted anything
Tony peered into his face in the semidarkness of the club. "Well, were you? Adopted?", he asked. "Wait, I feel that's an inappropriate question. Huh. Anyway, were you?"
Tony stepped towards him, heart hammering. Before either of them could change their mind, he put his hands on Steve's shoulders. "Let's say I wanted." His eyebrows did their little twitch all on their own, out of sheer nervousness.
We both wanted to hear the other's story; we compared them obsessively. It was still important to me to find out where and when our universes diverged, and Tony jumped on board enthusiastically enough. In retrospect, I think I was dealing with everything by trying to rationally gauge how much of my Tony was in this new Tony, as I've mentioned already. How much their lives differed, how much
They negotiate for a few minutes. Steve picks a safeword. It turns out he has never had sex of a non-vanilla variant, but he's been interested in BDSM for some time, reading, watching.
Steve pulled on his arm, none too gently, and practically turned Tony around. Tony's blood surged. He stepped in, closing the distance even more, brazen, aggressive. From so close up, he could see Steve's eyes despite the darkness, blue and burning and
He picked up the phone from the nightstand and dialed Steve’s number before he could second-guess himself. (Okay, so that was another thing he'd brought back to NYC: Steve's burner phone.)
And, in another part of Tony's mind: What if he could make this go further, right now? Steve was there, teetering on the edge. If Tony opened his mouth now, if he turned the kiss into something bolder, more passionate, maybe Steve would respond in kind. Tony would have sworn this wasn't there just a minute ago, but now... he thought he could almost feel the desire coursing through the guy, quivering under Tony's s hands, still motionless on Steve's shoulders.
– a cold feeling of being left wanting, left alone, all at once. There is no palm on his cock, no finger against his sweet spot, and then the said finger slides all the way out. Steve tries to follow it, to follow the sensation, but in a second it's all just emptiness. All that is left. The electric pleasure seems like a distant memory, although it burned inside him not a few seconds ago.
Then it's even colder against his hole, like a medical an instrument, a probe, and Steve bites his lower lip and does his best to relax. The gauntleted finger feels infinitely hard and infinitely thick, at that moment, as it breaches the muscle rings and pushes in. His insides burn and he fights the reflex to push it out. Tony pauses just for a second, and it'd almost be better if he didn't, if he'd just push in and be done with it. Steve fights opposing impulses – to push it out, to stop this; it's uncomfortable, it's that particular moment he experiences every time, when it takes concentration to remember this would get good very soon. But there is something deeper, darker in him too, something that relishes the very idea of discomfort, that wants Tony to push all the way in, without waiting for Steve to adjust, and then just pull his finger clear, out all the way. He could wait a few seconds, then repeat the process; so that Steve wouldn't have the time to adjust, wouldn't have the opportunity to get over that first, slightly unpleasant, slightly unnerving feeling on the inside. And the very thought makes Steve bite his lip harder, to the point of pain, makes him buck up; he can feel the thought burning, searing deep inside him, and he needs Tony in there, somehow, with his cool metal.
that was rapidly heating up between them. Well, if Tony turned on the charm, he was pretty sure he could get Steve into bed, but he wasn't so certain he could actually
"You were the one who told me to leave." This was Tony - Tony, who couldn't just give in, of course; the man had to rub it in, had to
I also think he's doing well. He's making things again, which is an unmistakable sign.  He has these crazy bouts of energy – more energy than me, these days, as a matter of fact. After those are over, he usually starts falling asleep on furniture, or on me, but then he wakes up restored and ready for more action.
"Yeah, neither did I, but stupid plans sometimes work," Tony said as he put on another man's vest. Limping around on Steve's arm and swearing through his teeth, he collected all the semi-automatics he could find.
Steve brightened at this – the guy genuinely brightened, his whole face lit up. And no matter how pretty it looked, Tony felt irritation build, mostly at the fact he still noticed how pretty it looked.
Oh, there it is, he thinks with some resignation. This is why she's teamed up with him, and this is way she's only pretending to be taking part in the snow fight.
Despite myself, I snatched my hand back a quarter of an inch. My throat was suddenly dry. "For Siberia?"
"Go easy," Steve said quietly. He must be aware Tony was panicking; Tony bristled, but fought to keep it under control. Inside him, opposing impulses urged him to drag Louis to the infirmary on one side, and to turn him upside-down and shake the info out of him, on the other. Impatience and the urge to act were mixed with biting worry, creating curious, anxiety-ridden results.
), and Nebula is saying "I will end you all", and he is teamed up with Natasha, sheltering behind a snow drift that is now a provisionary fort.
going to work as well? Tony couldn't say, but the hope was almost feverish inside him. As he slid what was essentially a glorified load-coil into place, he could feel in all of his body that somewhere out there Steve was probably getting shot right then, right at that very moment. And sure enough, there was a commotion outside. With a flood of relief, though, he heard Steve's voice again, carrying, resplendent in its anger. Obviously still very alive.
, he thought, just like he did whenever he successfully joked his way out of something. Well, this wasn't that, not exactly, but by the time Tony got to California, Happy will have forgiven him, surely. He'd fly in from NYC and wait for Tony in LA, probably tapping his foot all the while. "Please be serious for just one se..." Happy went on, then aborted that line of though, aware it was completely void. "Tony, where
Those eyes were on him. Tony. Tony was looking at him. They were-looking at each other. Okay. Okay. Steve could do that. How many times did one blink in a minute? Was he blinking a normal amount of times? No wait, he lost count.
At night, long after Stephanie has imparted one last smile in his direction and taken her leave, he actually makes it to his bedroom. There’s a last scrap of paper pinned to his pillow, and he’s expecting something dorky and remotely connected like a philosophical discourse on the nature of sleep. What he finds, noted down in a hand that’s unsteadier than usual, is this.
“Gimme some slack, J.” He takes to the air, the wins squealing feedback into his ear. He barely minds, he’s in too good of a mood to. “You know how much I like a show.”
He whirled around on reflex, staggering a little with the motion under the weight of the suit. “Don’t need medical attention, ‘m good.”
“You know which bagel,” Steve says – mostly distracted. Crosslegged, notepad on thigh, he is drafting new training plans for the team; Pietro is proving to be a unique challenge.
When Tony’s face finally came into view, Steve drawing level with the bench….it surprised him, somehow. He’d seen Tony a dozen times on the news following that day- but strangely he’d still been expecting a bruise under an eye, blood seeping from lips and running in a straggly line through the beard, darkly accusing eyes. Not this withdrawn, lined, yet somehow still bland mask.
Because you see- he understood now. The singular moment when everything had gone horrifically wrong. It wasn’t when Tony had discovered that his parents had been murdered brutally by a brainwashed Bucky Barnes.
Damn, he was digressing all over the place. Unable to keep a straight tack. Maybe that was what happened when there was nothing to do. No clear, defined end goal in sight. Nothing to drive towards. Nothing to really keep his mind occupied. His mind just- digressed; darted down dangerous roads that there was no point contemplating, brooding and churning and tossing in memories and thinking about what-ifs and making the lead in his gut feel…permanent, somehow. For all that the air around him was mostly silent for the past weeks, his head was alive with sound: except instead of the Commandoes’ raucous voices, Bucky’s snicker, Peggy’s smooth register- he could hear Bruce’s mumbles, the foreign, erudite swirl to Thor’s words when he got a little cocky, Natasha and Clint conversing in a code known only to them that seemed entirely comprised of names of cities; Tony mocking him gleefully over pop-culture.
The yellow blinked out, leaving behind nothing but what was: the towering figure, lines more hard than sleek, more dangerous than flexible. Articulation points gleaming double with added reactor ports, all possible grooves and weaknesses protected with increased thickness. Impenetrable plates, overlaid with a red that was more oxblood than hot rod, lined with a gold dark enough to look tarnished; more metal than shine. A blinding circle of white at the centre.
“Her brother died.” It had been weighing on his tongue for ages, so it was only fitting that he let it out, bleak and flat. Clint didn’t feel any better for it. “I think she knows that she fucked up.”
But of course, that was his younger, naïve self- he flushed the dream of heroism somewhere between MIT and Stark Industries. Then Iron Man happened and……well. Maybe the naiveté was a bit more resilient than he’d thought.
“It would mean a lot to him.” Tony poked at a loose sheaf on the desk; at least it seemed to be recycled paper. Still, ugh. “Keeps going on and on in that peppy, enthusiastic tone he has, you know the one, about how the famed Black Widow first taught him to fight. Between you and me, I think he’s starting to get worried that the little kiddies think he’s bluffing.”
)- but as the last few minutes proved, that ship had long sailed. Plus, not many people had his contact details, and even if they did, a phone call over heavily secured lines would have been far more in line with expectation rather than an innocuous text or email.
Tony’s brows pulled together for a second. “Says Mr World-War-II-Captain, the red-white-and-blue Sun Tzu if I’m in the mood of being racially appropriative–”
The exhale left his chest, whistling out silently and mingling with the morning air. Steve hoisted himself to his feet, brushed his gravelly palms against the thighs of his jeans briskly. The air was crisp, the smell of sweet-spun sugar and coffee beans winding out from the café three doors down the street, drifting dreamlessly on the breeze. People had begun slipping out into the street again-jogging past in track pants, headphones secure over their ears, early birds in blazers and ties walking to work with a bagel in hand. Sunlight filtered dimly through the gaps between the buildings, golden shafts of light illuminating patches on the asphalt road, shining off the glossy steel and mirrored exteriors of the tall skyscrapers.
“Ah, but darling.” Tony glanced back over his shoulder, hooking a thumb under the silver chain that still dangled around his neck, tags clinking with the motion; the only thing he wore to bed. “You know I had to match.”
wants. And damned be the person who got in between. So when you came down to it, I was–am,” Steve corrected, unamusedly scrupulous, eyes distant on the high heavens. “Selfish. For a given value of selfishness.”
a knee flung over Steve’s abdomen, fingers scrabbling at the bare skin of his sides. He was triumphant for three shining seconds, Steve caught in place, face reddening with suppressed laughter; before the bastard squirmed out like an eel and flipped Tony on his back again, fingers descending like tormentors from hell.
that was pouring itself into his bloodstream, but to no avail. This act of…of imagining something so horrific and actually
Of course, now he knew that Tony had simply…..given it away to Vision. Which made sense, as far as the location of the chip was concerned- the Accords had done a lot to legitimise Vision in the public’s eyes, but he was still an omnipotent, artificial, terrifyingly powerful being whose brother had raised a city to the skies. Apart from Avengers missions, Vision didn’t much step out of the facility.
Tony stared at the smoking ruin, a steel base sliced in half, edges still glowing red… an arm fallen over on its side, clamp unmoving.
“Heard of him first in Canberra. Among other things.” Tom’s words drifted on the breeze, quiet and ephemeral. “I’d gone there years ago, did a Bachelors of International Relations. Came back home eventually…but I suppose I never stopped thinking.”
Even when his father comes up in their frequent disagreements (arguments, screaming matches, same thing really), he leaves off the insinuations. First off, they would have been false-Howard was far too reverent in his stories to ever have actually been involved with Rogers, and second…he actually had been raised right, in this if in nothing else. Jarvis would have had his hide.
Tony should’ve asked – five years ago, maybe, when it still would’ve mattered. He’d had a tab open in his tablet for a really long time now, called
“Yes.” T’Challa said, without backtracking or dithering. Fuck, Tony wished all politicians could be like this. “But not all of them possess the skill to actually use and mould the vibranium into something dangerous.”
“Gave a set of coordinates. Said that a number of people needed to be rescued from cave-ins caused by earthquake aftershocks somewhere off the coast of Guinea.” Steve sealed the flap of his glove and curled his fingers into an empty fist again. Maybe not fidgety, but there was something strangely aimless about that blue stare. Like he could hear the voice inside his head and was just repeating it to himself, over and over. “There’s also some suspicious activity going on in the neighbourhood, and there wasn’t going to be a better time to investigate. And to bring Falcon.”
Rhodey didn’t avert his eyes, or pretend. “There a reason you still have that letter in your pocket?”
Steve puffed a soft laugh, warm vibrations tingling against the skin of Tony’s back. Tony shivered pleasantly, voice lilting up in question, “What?”
He didn’t have a broken collar bone; else he would be in agony right now. Steve moved his head to the side, inch by inch, and looked up at his caretaker.
“You aren’t nearly recovered enough.” Tony didn’t think about how much ‘enough’ would be. No amount, probably. Rhodey didn’t need to know that.
T’Challa’s face was worn, lines upon lines drawn upon it as if hewn on stone- but there was the slightest curve to his lips at the visible reaction.
“New A.I.?” FRIDAY enquired. She was getting better and better at not coming right out with her concerns about Tony’s general screw-y behavioural patterns. On some level, that thought hurt.
He ascended, cutting faster and faster through the air till he was level with the tallest building in the skyline. Manhattan was a sea of glass around him and concrete below, Tony hovering in place for one last look. Steve had reduced to a tiny figure in the middle of a street filled with tiny figures; impossible to tell apart, except how all the other ones were moving and this one stayed still.
Iron Man stilled, helm turned to the side. It was impossible to pinpoint what those blank eyeslits were looking at. “We’re probably going to find nothing else in here, but we should still physically check the rest of the rooms to confi-”
This wasn’t like taking on a team of thugs without his armour, or even a half-constructed ULTRON bot. This was Tony’s design. The Mark VII wouldn’t falter if Tony stuck a screwdriver in its grooves, there were no convenient latches to pull a gauntlet free if he got within range. The armour was devastating at close range, and lethal from a distance. There wasn’t… there had to be a way out of this. Right?
century. Perfectly round, smelt of iron. Concentric yellow rings, in a gold-silver alloy stood out against the dark brown surface. There was a circle of yellow at the centre, which bloomed outwards to outline shapely petals, with darker, intricate engravings spanning the corolla. The tips of the petals tapered out to burst into spindly, flawless patterns embroidering the petals of another, larger flower pattern. It went round and round, brown and gold curling into themselves, petal growing to petal.
Tony watches the soft black stains smear between those fingertips, watches them run over the grainy page in skilled, dextrous movements. And vibranium is perfect for Captain America, but this Stephanie Rogers deserves something more. Something more multifaceted, like the carbon she uses to translate the world around her onto the page. The soft graphite that smears on her fingers, the hard diamond that shines as bright, that can’t be cut down by anything else.
Steve and Tony’s story began after they fell in love, and this is about how they fell in everything else.
It’s for Cooper, Steve thinks; it’s dumb, I couldn’t help myself, you haven’t told us and I’m so sorry–
, amplified and echoing through the solidity of the pillow pressed under Tony’s ear, and he’d breathe deeper and drift off to sleep.
are projections attached to the main body of the aircraft ahead of the main wing – ergo, cans – and you’re all soft and squishy on the inside like a particular orange vegeta– hey, why didn’t you use elevons in this?”
He brought his eyes back towards T'Challa, and was struck anew by his stature- for all his litheness in combat, the Black Panther was a tall, broad-shouldered man with impressive presence. A calming one too, at that. Bucky was safe here. He knew it. Why was he fretting so much?
Tony propped his palms on the flat of the table and pushed himself off, landing on his heels with the smallest of winces. The room was lit gold, dust motes shimmering in the setting sun. He was warm from forehead to toe, and the world looked flawless. “Good motivation for the kids, huh.”
Steve uncurled his hand, where crushed black plastic was sitting, smoking wires peeking through the gaps, where a mouse had once been. Chest still thundering, he slipped his fingers into his right pocket and pried the phone out, eyes darting in a distracted manner over the caller ID flashing onscreen- just as his heart stopped.
Captain America’s kneeling beside him-and she’s smiling. Wisps of hair have escaped her helmet, drifting around her forehead and ears, and she’s got a long, bloody scratch down the side of her nose. It’s a crooked nose, and her smile is crooked too.
“It was never about mindlessly obeying the letter of the law.” Steve closed his eyes for a long moment, silence and recrimination and realisation in one. When he opened them again, they reflected the sky. “It was about whether the law should apply to us in the first place.”
Or rather, he went to bed but didn’t bother lying down and closing his eyes- just tucked his folded legs underneath his thighs and stared at the wall on the opposite end. Every couple of minutes, he’d shoot a glance at the bedside table where his phone lay screen-down, but the device remained still and unresponsive.
The screen of the phone seemed cold, almost clammy, as he pressed it against his ear. His voice was stupidly, stupidly steady. “Hello?”
He’s going out of the world (in all literal and figurative sense) with a curious lightness in his heart, even when he lets the nuke go and closes his eyes. Gravity pulls at his spine and the world is silent-until a roar pierces through his eardrums and he shoots awake, coughing and gasping and the earth still firmly behind his back.
“Another round of applause for our lads from Swing Patrol! I’d also like to thank John Morrison, and his fabulous Swing City band, for lending their tunes to us tonight. Now, let’s welcome back on stage our amazing marathon dancers; they’ll be entertaining you guys from seven pm to seven am, that’s straight up twelve hours of dancing, I don’t know how they do it-”
The blood rushed to his ears, a roaring sound. Or maybe it was still the ocean. He couldn’t tell the difference anymore, between it and him.
Even if he wanted to, he couldn’t look away now. Tony stared on at the wall, eyes unblinking, moisture pricking at the corners of his lids from the force of keeping them open.
Steve was wearing a blue-and-white checkered button down, over a plain white t-shirt. Blue jeans, whose fit he wasn’t entirely comfortable with. White running shoes.
Tony leaned back on the creeper till his back creaked, dropping the Torx screwdriver in his hand into one of its numerous drawers. Whoever first came up with the idea of drawers on workshop stools needed a raise. Or a million dollars. Fuuck, his hand was cramping.
Tony breathed, freer than he used to. Sometimes, the absence of the arc, that heavy weight, still stunned him. “If remembering the bad means I can keep the better – I’m okay with that trade.”
He’d barely emerged on the sidewalk when men and women in emergency gear began brushing by him, stretchers already enroute for the unconscious goons. Must’ve been on standby at that perimeter Steve was talking about; New York was getting good at this. A couple cop cars, people in uniform reporting into their walkie-talkies, one ambulance parked ten paces away and another visible up the road, an EMT comforting a woman wrapped in a blanket (probably from Jersey). His mics were even picking up the whoosh of a nearby fire extinguisher, some good Samaritan hosing down the geraniums.
“Tom Ford is not machine washable, Steve.” Tony’s eyes were drooping again, the nuzzling having a decidedly soporific effect. “The man or his designs–
Steve’s gaze flicked up at that, an unswerving look accompanied by, strangely enough, a wry, almost sardonic twist of the lips. “Yeah, another one of those. Who’d have seen that coming.”
“America punched it into gnarly space dust. I’m sorry.” And Rhodey sounded genuinely apologetic too. “I believe her justification was, ‘we can’t let Dr Banner cut his CERN trip short just because Extraterrestrial Point Break couldn’t keep to their own lane’.”
It was when he realised that Captain America- Steve Rogers, teammate, adversary, friend, family- had lied.
One handed was no longer enough. Tony brought his left hand in and swung double-handed, straight at the waist, only for the shield to shudder back so badly that it felt like his wrist bones had slid free of their sockets. He bit through his lip and powered through, skin on the inside of his left knuckles dragged raw with the force of the hits. Nothing, nothing, nothing. It was like pummelling away at a wall. A wall that wouldn’t relent, wouldn’t give up, wouldn’t listen no matter how hard and desperately you tried.
Steve straightened, closing off the tap, leaving white flecks on the smooth steel. Reached over to tug at the roll of toilet paper on the counter, tearing off a scrap smoothly along the serrated edges. “We’re both white.”
He’d been expecting the clanks and clamour of battle. Blows and wounds and weapons held up in defence or powered up to attack. He was hardened now- by still simmering rage and the weight of knowing what was coming, ready for the black, horrible imaginings of Stark’s mind. Ready for whatever the man had left to aim at him.
“About a hundred yards away.” FRIDAY confirmed – and Tony squeezed his eyes shut, almost, almost smiling.
“And you should shut your gob.” Steve threw back, and hailed the bartender for another beer. They were both in dark sunglasses and baseball caps, naturally- well, Steve had been, and Sam had forewent the cap, and Steve had plopped one on his head with Sam grumbling all the way about Steve apparently buying out Target’s entire stock (he wouldn’t be entirely wrong).
The creeper wheels squeaked as he moved a couple metres back, the suspension chains hooked into the Mark XVII’s pauldrons gleaming mutedly in the light. “The things that I like are rarely the things that I should do.”
A second of quiet. The eventual reply came back tentative, but anything was better than pity. “It’s different from the way you used to test your suits.”
“Of course, being the elder, mature adult that I am, my mind immediately flicks to the practicalities.” His tones veered towards something almost serious – for all of three seconds, because he was fooling nobody. “Namely, the location of MJ’s burial place and whether necrophilia is still illegal in the state of New York, though a part of my mind does think that Peter could do better than a moonwalking has-been. I don’t get too far beyond, ‘I didn’t think you even liked
“I don’t suppose that’s a rare occurrence for you.” Turn off the flash. Okay. He…could do that. Absolutely. Steve tapped at the little gear symbol on top of the screen. A menu opened up…white balance, ISO, exposure settings…dear god. What the hell happened to point and shoot? Why was all this so
Steve’s hands opened and closed over empty air again, and Sam wished he could shut his eyes. In the first few months, T’Challa had offered to build another shield. Steve had refused. He’d also refused any kind of hologramic, positronic version, and said he remembered how to fight with his hands. And this was the biggest block of unknowing that Sam stumbled against on a regular basis-what kind of exchange had Captain America dropping his shield? What kind had him convinced not to pick up another one again?
Right, so. Make it to the main workshop, get a gauntlet manually from a later Mark. Three shots, fully charged, to the arc reactor. Okay.
“So I don’t waste time forbidding you to do things you’re clearly born to do- and won’t stop doing, even if you break every. single. bone. in your body. I
know, they quoted it in one of my favourite shows–” Tony upped the intensity of the glower by a few degrees, “
“Down the hall, door to your left.” That smile still hung around Peter’s lips, smaller and a little more uncertain. “Was there something in the salad that didn’t agre-”
Steve shot a tight smile at him and moved towards the sinks, and Tony was half-certain he’d heard a muttered ‘”much obliged” over the sound of gurgling water hitting the ceramic. Seconds passed, occupied by the motions of Captain America working up a lather from public handwash and scrubbing the gaps between his fingers rigorously. Jeez, Tony bet he counted up to ten and waited for the germs to die and everything.
“It didn’t feel like that for me, the ice.” The world was hazing around them again, soft and crimson. His fingers curled in harder, held on tighter. “I knew what I was doing was right, but… it didn’t feel like that.”
“But one woman-” Steph clears her throat, and seems to forge ahead with a determined air verging on desperate. “-loved the pilgrim soul in you. And loved the sorrows of your changing face.”
“You’re right, it isn’t.” Tom turned around and took two steps away, large frame hiding what his hands were bustling over in the corner. “I’m not wearing a cape.”
“Don’t know about them, I’m afraid.” Tom’s voice was deep, and gentle. “I know a couple of my friends are taking care of some of the recovered detainees, but we didn’t find anyone else from the building we pulled you out of. Was there someone else?”
Peter commenced tugging his sleeves back over his wrists, straightening them conscientiously, fingers lingering absently on the smoothed curve of the cufflinks. “Speaking of – did Nat say she was coming?”
And then, the magic ended, the trick was complete, the delusion gone. The smile that had been sitting so naturally upon his lips twisted- hell, it was
The quiet was louder here. Maybe because it was a wildlife sanctuary. But it had been getting louder for a long time, now.
“And he’s renowned for these kind of things, you know. Standing up for the little guy. Fighting against bullies.” Stark’s lips curve up, just the slightest. “He’s done it his whole life, and isn’t being hypocritical about it. And he seems reasonable, and fair, and just, and noble, and people listen to him, and understand his concerns, and marshal under his name, and change happens…and. And. Maybe there’s even a guy called Tony Stark who’s fucking
Tony swallowed. It was like a haze was setting over his vision, limbs growing heavy – like he’d been submerged, but instead of murky green-blue all around him, there was the faintest tint of amber. “You wanna forget the bad stuff, and you do. It takes all that stuff away, and then a little bit more. The bad, the good, the mundane. Till all that’s left is…” chunks of vomit hitting the white ceramic of a toilet seat. Liquor-born sweat that stunk to the lowest reaches of hell. An empty bottle.
people say-except the rhyme just reminds him of how quiet home was, even when he was a kid supposed to be livening everything up. You couldn’t just dump the responsibility of making a family happy on a child. It doesn’t work like that-Maria and Howard learned that the hard way. They didn’t know that they were the ones supposed to be making Tony happy…though of course, he could have always been the flawed one.
Something gurgled at the back of his throat. Steve stared up at the sky, unseeing – until his vision was filled with something too familiar, hair and face and eyes looking down, so deeply embedded into his psyche that he couldn’t not recognise–
“So, that’s settled.” Rhodey’s eyes flicked to the side, words pushing his way right through, the stubborn dickhead. “The UN are not green-lighting our little side mission though. Not with the world’s attention it’ll bring. And as awesome as our flying robot suits are-”
He was sitting on the sidewalk, next to the front wheel of the Cadillac-butt cold, legs outstretched, hands folded on his thighs. Eyes still enamoured by the stage a couple of feet away.
He wandered aimlessly, feet carrying him past Flinders Street all the way down to Elizabeth’s, chatter and music seeping in and out of his eardrums. The stream of people seemed to bend right suddenly; so he turned right with them, on to Collins Street. Carried along with the flowing crowd…not unseeingly, but with flashing lights and bright dresses and neon banners all blending in his vision together, like someone had upended a glass of liquid on a watercolour painting. Colours flowing freely, till everything was washed out.
Sam didn’t wait for the completion of the sentence. His finger was back, tapping at the side of his visor, eyes affixed on a distant wall. “Cap. Come in. Cap.”
The people in front of him had come to a standstill, so had the people at his back. Maybe it had something to do with the raised platform right in the middle of the street.
“Excellent.” Vision said, short and crisp. “I’ll send you the coordinates and any additional information over an encrypted text.”
“I-I get it.” Tony echoed back, sounding…awed, maybe. He pulled back, hat crushed beyond repair in his flexing grip. There was a slight indent on his lower lip, that hadn’t been there before. Maybe Steve had left it there. Tony’s tongue darted out unconsciously, tracing over the mark as if in hunt for an elusive taste.
Past, present, future swirls together in his serum-perfect brain, gibbering over two words, a fact so carefully forgotten; his breaths grow shallower and shallower, pain shooting through his chest with every hitch, black-spots-inverse-stars shimmering in his vision–
“Damn right I did.” Tony affirmed with pride, scarfing down the cheese in a single gulp. Mm, cotija. “And still no grandkids for Uncle Tony.”
Was that…..was that a compliment? It didn’t much feel like one- not with the way it pricked at Tony’s sore spots. Yes, he was damn well aware of how dangerous the things he made could be, thanks.
, Steve wanted to say – the foreignness of the thought prickled at him. It was… it was out of place, in this picture-perfect scene, out of time, because he’d never have known to have the thought if not for pop-culture and watching movies about the seventies in the futu–
Steve didn’t rise to the bait- but the words struck a chord, somewhere- even as Tony backed up again, lips twisting in the strangest mixture of pain and derision. “Humans are machines. Fascinating ones, but fatally flawed- because we
“So while we’re all standing around, let’s also raise a glass to Peter and MJ – who somehow, despite belonging to the same species as the rest of us who screw up on a daily basis – have managed to do everything, absolutely right by each other.” His jaw might have cracked a little, from the ache of grinning at the man who was dearer to him than any child he could’ve ever had – all the while the best guy he’d ever known, who loved
A bright gleam at the periphery of Steve’s vision- he raised his chin up, shielding his eyes with a hand, expecting the rising sun to have finally started breaking through the clouds. But the golden light was already trickling through, running down the church walls in rivulets, illuminating clouds of dust motes. The gleam of light, almost like a lens flare, had come from something much closer to the earth; the sun shining off an Infinity Gem.
, Steve wanted to growl, but that would give his patheticness away. Even though he used ‘sass’ correctly in a sentence. Probably. It was one of the first words Sam had ever inadvertently taught him.
But he was starting to think that maybe that wasn’t the only important thing that happened that day.
“Right.” Steve said, again. He almost wished for an actual drink rather than an empty can- it always looked so…..peaceful maybe wasn’t the word, but something like it, when a hero stared into the bottom of a drink in the pictures. Like he had found all the answers. “He should go back to the farm.”
A flash of confusion furrowing Tony’s brows at the words, followed swiftly by realisation. And weighted words.
Steve would have protested against the phrasing of that- he hadn’t been the only one doing the hitting- but the basic principle still stood true, and he still flinched. “I know- but that’s why I
He’s just about to offer to store the bagels inside his…suit chest plate cavity or something, when Steph just takes off without a sideways glance, shield withdrawing from…somewhere. Tony blinks dumbly in her wake for several seconds, before activating the call on his own suit bracelets. He has a sneaking suspicion there won’t actually by much left to do by the time it gets here.
in reality: for someone was going to do it in the future, foe or friend, and they wouldn’t be half as considerate about it.
This time, the effect was definitely lost on Steve. “Would it be okay for you to pipe down for a couple of minutes? I’ve found something interesting.”
Steve shuddered, and stepped back. The breeze whistled in the space they had just vacated, eliciting goosebumps over his bare forearms. He had to clear his throat twice, to get it working. “Thu..thursday, then?”
“The creases show up more on the lighter colours, okay?” With a longstanding groan, Tony finally swung his legs off the mattress, spine cracking as he came to a sitting position. Though he’d firmly maintain that no one ever grew too old for tickling matches, his body was beginning to let its feelings be known.
“This is getting a little morbid.” A cartoon loaf, with a single separated piece of cartoon bread, materialised on screen.
But try as he might, the shame didn’t come. He was…strangely happy, parked on his butt at seven am on the side of a street in a city he’d entered just a week ago. He didn’t regret a minute of it, being here while Romanov and Barton (he knew all their names now, courtesy of snarking that became louder as the crowds emptied) executed move after move, energies unflagged, to the increasingly incredulous boos of their teammates. Here when Parker twirled Pepper around in a perfectly graceful Charleston, and went back to stumbling over his feet with MJ. Here when Tony tried and failed to coax Bruce into a dance with him, led Barton around the ring in a surprisingly decorous jig, narrated jokes all throughout his turn with an increasingly flat faced Romanov.
The explorer had been open for a few minutes, when he finally made himself look straight at the screen again. The arrow was still hovering over the attachment, a white mockery.
That….didn’t need to be voiced. Steve hadn’t even known that voice existed, till he heard it ringing pure and true in his head. The one that did reach the air, was much gruffer. “Is any assistance needed?”
“The recordings you’ve been sending me…I.” Steve stopped- suddenly, abruptly tired. Or maybe this had been creeping on him for a while. The sunlight was starting to hurt his eyes. “I thought you were Tony’s friend.”
Like every other set of middle class American parents raising a kid in the hullabaloo of a bustling city-Mum and Dad’s intentions of raising him to be a simple, God-fearing man were a little trampled over by a lifestyle unsuited to much devotion of time to the theological side of things. They celebrated Christmas. Attended Mass on Good Friday and even hung around to hear a sermon or two, depending on their overall feelings towards the community on that particular day of the week, and average guilt levels.
His hands vibrated in his pockets, eyes watching the floor numbers blink red as the bottom of his stomach dropped with the ascent.
“But I was never forced to it. Never bent my will.” Steve smiled, as humourless as any smile Tony might have facsimiled over the last few months. “Bu– people used to say I had strong principles. And maybe my wants were less about…self-preservation, or winning a big buck, or…but they were still
The quiet resurged. She didn’t drop her eyes, even though her voice broke again. “Why are you mad at me?”
“And so should you,” There were just bodiless lines of light in the air visible, where the armour plates articulated, and a ringed blue-white circle. For several moments, there was just that-and then Stark loomed out of the dark, eyes cold and flashing. “this whole ‘wise counsellor’ bit you have going…very entertaining, but some of the most fucking condescending
He also realises he’s kinda hanging limply in the air, carcasses of automatons he doesn’t remember shooting littered all around him.
One last check. “Do a social media sweep. Any mentions of Captain America, geolocated in a five mile radius around the current location of attack.”
Steve hummed. The sound was incongruous, yet strangely appropriate for the world they were inhabiting in this moment. His palms had stilled, fingers still stroking back and forth on the steel in tiny motions. “Bruce and Colonel Rhodes would move planets to get you out of here. We’ve got the King of Wakanda and someone who might just be an actual wizard working on this problem. ‘Sides, like you said, it’s out of our hands at this point anyway.”
Breath patterns……that probably meant hitches, indicating pain. Fuck, Tony needed to go there right now. Except…..no, Rhodey had snapped at him the last time he’d turned up in the middle of the night, even though Rhodey did it for him often enough. This flip in their dynamic probably threw him off- with Tony as the caregiver and Rhodey as the recipient…but no, he wasn’t that egoistic. Rhodey was perfect. Proud, but perfect. He might hate feeling so dependant when he’d been so self-sufficient all his life- but that wasn’t the reason Tony should stay away. Sometimes a man needed to stave off his pain in solitude, with no energy to spare for comforting others- and that was what Tony was after, really- getting comfort rather than giving. He might kid himself into thinking he was helping, but what he wanted was Rhodey to tell him that he was a jerk, and that nothing could keep Lieutenant Colonel James Rhodes down and bound to the ground. He wanted to soothe himself by seeing Rhodey’s chest rise and fall, in a sign of life. Dynamics didn’t flip that easily.
“Oh man up Rhodes!” The man-Rhodes, presumably-stilled in his motions, something resigned stealing over his features. He turned, pacing over to where Tony was still rubbing at the sore spot on his thigh, the redhead standing off to the side unsuccessfully attempting to conceal a smirk. Proffered an arm. Tony straightened up with a jerk, face alight with glee; and curled his fingers around Rhodes’ bicep. The crowd went berserk.
Of course. Made perfect sense, really. As Tony’s brain raked through the figures hovering in the air, trying to comprehend the magnitude of the disaster those innocuous numbers were predicting, a part of him noted all too easily the PR stunt this was intended to be. No villains to fight massive battles against, no collateral damage. Just costumed heroes saving the people buried deep underground. Coming down from their seat of power, uplifting the injured and needy. Who cared which benevolent power had shut those people up in those dark warrens anyway.
Steve fumbled the zipper, poor lad. Presumably he’d never been ambushed in the classic, ‘oh look, I’m peeing next to you’ move. It was a modern classic. Tony was determined to acquaint him with at least one per interaction, to make up for all the coddling everyone else subjected him to.
It wasn’t like it didn’t hurt, anymore. Even when slates were wiped clean, their graphite-black newness stayed out of reach – maybe the visible marks had been scrubbed away, but the surface would always remain a little worn, a little grey, a little tarnished. Memories lingered longer than chalk, and Tony had never quite learned how to wash their taint away.
Peter’s face took on the part wary, part excited out of his mind expression that it had been resorting to for pretty much seventy percent of his conversations with Tony. “Career?”
And then, like it had been perfectly choreographed though Tony couldn’t have dreamt up this kind of symmetry – there was movement by the door. Tony’s eyes flitted over for a single instant, enough to catch the tall figure that had just ducked in; candelabra light gleaming off his favourite blue shirt and grey-blonde hair.
Anger at Tony was a familiar feeling. Or rather, frustration; it was no secret that they got on each other’s nerves constantly- but time and maturity and understanding had lent themselves to a fonder, mildly contrarian but still respectful dynamic. During this entire…mess, Steve had fluctuated between worry and irritation and guilt and desperation at his teammate, but never quite rage. There had been a cold sense of doomed certainty lining his every word, his every action- he did not mean to wound, but would if deemed necessary. Tony had tried to…essentially
and he can barely remember his social security number without her. And she’s aluminium because Pepper is a boss at everything including multitasking, and aluminium is not just a metal of innumerable uses: it props up industries and makes a bazillion alloys and is
“And feed them. Don’t forget the feeding.” Something in Tony’s shoulders was beginning to unravel, something that had been coiled tight ever since a fateful Helicarrier conversation, when he’d been dismissed as a knock-off hero. Had it really been so simple, all this while? Did he really have to do nothing more than
And so Alex burned their face against a hot dog cart, and Steve was either twisting with the guilt or really regretting that third soda pop. And then that meanie (Alex, not Steve), turned upon the only bystander, an innocent slice of bread, and vengefully squished it under their boot – because everyone knew that dough was shifty by nature, especially the baked variety; and who hadn’t blamed random pieces of bread for their misfortune now and then?
“That letter may have been many things, Rogers. Maybe even truthful.” And he could hear himself from a distance, cold and remote, even impassive. “But you didn’t write a single fucking honest word.”
Sam appeared oblivious to that though. Or maybe he was pretending. He was kind like that, sometimes. “Besides, not like I’ve missed any kid birthdays lately.”
“Brilliant, of course you did.” Tony spun around on his heels, ignoring the flinch and subsequent wobble the server and his tray executed. The fajita table was on the far end of the hall, and it took fifteen whole minutes of ducking and weaving (okay fine, the crowds parted before him a la Moses-and-the-Red-Sea, but it still took fifteen darn minutes) to find the man of the hour and creep up behind him. Tony crossed his arms, realised it rendered him incapable of actually drawing said man’s attention, uncrossed them again and tapped the guy on his shoulder, if a bit imperiously.
except that ran itself out before it even fully started, sputtered out to death under the onslaught of the rain.
“We might reach earlier than expected.” Sam let out as gently as he could, and Steve drew in a breath and didn’t release it. The last streaks of a dying sun were shooting over the horizon, making his eyes gleam glass-pale and brittle.
Aw, such courtesy. Tony nodded at those half-curled hands knowledgeably, “You should probably wash those first.”
“Yeah, s’what I thought.” Stark matched Sam’s tired smile, wrinkle for wrinkle. His eyes were still unreadable. “It’s not my fault, and Rhodey stood by my side because he believed in what we were working for. Everyone on my side did. They had logic, and reasoning, and practicality, and principles. I should feel more…righteous about that, actually.” A breath full of exhaled mirthlessness. “But because I’m a selfish dickwad, sometimes I wish they’d chosen a side out of loyalty. Stayed for me.”
“I do?” Tony queries, standing above his shoulder. The couch is low and he towers over Steve. “I don’t remember that being covered by the history books… unless I’d fallen asleep, of course.”
Success. Tony strode over, turning to face Steve and cocking a hip against the neighbouring sink. Moisture was beginning to creep into his finely-tailored trouser wool, but sacrifices had to be made for style. “Thousands of genes present in the human genome, producing
He wasn’t going to pick up, Steve realised, hollow and helpless. His thumb was poised, inches from the screen, locked into stillness. Now it only remained to see if he could muster the courage to swipe left, and end things.
Steph slows down a little, mouth furrowing into a moue of thought. “The thing they use to make wedding rings?”
Huh. Tony stilled the spinning with the press of a heel to the cold concrete, feeling the words carefully in his mouth. “Well you’d be flying into combat with me… in this hypothetical. So yes. Technically.”
But he was a futurist, and it…didn’t matter anymore. “If the earth is still spinning by the time Thanos is gone, the people are going to be too grateful to care.”
“Steve.” There was a gentleness about her, a sense of care he’d never deserved. “I did what I had to so you
It seemed like seconds till he landed again-wet sand crunching fitfully under his heels. Gigantic blocks of sandstone and basalt cast shadows down on the beach, looming up on either side of the sheltered bay. The ocean gleamed silver behind his back, and grey sand spread forward in miles before his toes, reaching the black walls where moonlight gleamed slickly off the mossy, sea-sprayed rock. It was deathly silent, but for the lap of the water. His comm was quiet-Steve wasn’t making a peep. The line seemed switched off.
“Yes.” But there was no elaboration, and T’Challa turned away and bent his head, making flicking gestures over the cuff and Steve couldn’t keep his damn mouth shut.
This Tony doesn’t have grey in his beard yet, but even as his lips move and Steve braces himself, he says–
“You know, Sputnik. The day all of humanity became a little cooler, and the Russians successfully launched the first satellite into orbit, driving the Americans insane.” Tony springs to his feet, wide grin approaching for a morning kiss. “October fourth.”
The water was lukewarm, and he splashed it onto his face-rivulets running down contours that had gotten sharper and gaunter with the passing months. He swirled the chlorine-scented water around in his mouth, but the unpleasant taste coating the back of his tongue remained. He didn’t look into the mirror.
. Several seconds passed in silence before he realised his eyes were fixed on the floor before he tore them away, knuckles coming up to rub roughly at the corners of their lids till they stung.
“It’s fine, Cap.” Sam had always called him Cap more than Steve, more than almost anyone else, but now that he didn’t have the shield anymore, the nickname jarred somehow (or at least that’s what he thought the reason was). And it jarred even more now, with Sam’s eyes clouded over with memory, and the life and friends that he was being kept away from.
“You…you have..” Sam was apparently finding it difficult to breathe, what with all the inexplicable mirth. “Eclectic tastes.”
“Indifference versus disappointment.” And he turned away, breaking the connection, teeth still bared in a smile. “And I thought the latter meant you couldn’t give up on me either. Honest mistake, right?”
The water sloshed against his calves as he moved, mud and grime sticking under the grooves of the armour plates as they flexed and released. Rice stalks squelched under his heel, even as he tread past that leather-clad shoulder, eyes affixed straight ahead. Stride and stride and stride, unfeeling of the water that trickled steadily into the seams of his chestplate, ran past the unyielding metal jaw, left tracks down the glass of his reactor casing.
(She’d gone into hiding too. And no one could take care of themselves better. But Steve missed her.)
the last link that Steve had left back to his world- but not once had Steve ever felt the deliberate urge to maim, or even blame. For that last battle…if nothing else, he himself had been at fault. He could accept that, and accept Tony’s reaction, and do the best he could to stop him from doing something that would hurt Tony almost as much as it would hurt him.
“At OsCorp, actually.” Peter ducked his head, but there was still a glimmer of pride in his eyes. “The orientation was last week, Norman Osborn addressed us and everything-”
The torturous half-curve reappeared, a smile that didn’t know what else to do. “An hour in, Peg came after me. Her gloves didn’t fit well, she was pulling ‘em off the second she walked in.” Steve was staring into the distance, hazy blue drawing a picture he knew so well. “Wearing her old coat too – the third button sat wonky, and you could see the fraying threads if you looked real close. It was how I knew she’d dressed in a hurry – Peggy always looked impeccable.”
“It shouldn’t be this hot to see Captain America all covered in blood.” His repulsors hum beneath his feet as he barely skims the ground. Rogers turns her head, raising her face to see him, a little blonde curl barely restrained by the cowl slipping out to cradle her ear caked in drying blood and-
And Sam stepped forward, to say what, he didn’t know-except something small and cylindrical caught under his shoe, unsettling his heel. He blinked at Stark for a detached moment, foot moving back instinctively-and Stark ducked down, moving much quicker than a man wearing tons of armour should. A second later, his shoulders uncurled and spine unbent, and Sam stared at the implement held aloft delicately between two fingertips.
The warmth rose to Steve’s cheeks before he was even fully conscious of it, and his tone was perhaps a little too defensive for complete truth. “A little what?”
It was all silent, all still. Ash caught in mid-air, immobile. Weapons thrown and not yet landed. Snarls on unmoving faces, bodies contorted into the fight, friends and enemies all stretching around about him. Frozen in time, and Steve a man out of it.
“Bring presents.” Tony got to his feet, knee cavities perfectly lubricated and uncreaky. Huzzah for small mercies. “Maybe an Itsy Bitsy Spider mug.”
His knees were folding of their own accord, titanium hitting concrete with a reverberating clank. Tony ran gauntleted fingers over the smashed steel girder closest to his feet, following the slightly jagged lines. Judging from the shape, this had probably been part of the ‘K’. The last time, he hadn’t really come out of the Tower to see the mangled remains of the ‘STARK’ sign on the ground for himself, content to survey from a height as they were shipped away – to repair a bridge in Brooklyn, ironically enough.
if I did it to spare you or him or spare myself- I don’t. Bloody. Know.” His breaths were falling, fast and harsh, and it was like waking up from the ice and pounding on punching bags all over again. “I don’t know how to fix this. I don’t know what to say to make it better. I don’t know who should apologise, what was right, what was wrong, what will be right, what would be wrong- I.” Phantom asthma, clutching at his chest, making every inhale hurt. “I don’t know if either of us trust each other. I don’t know how to make you agree with me when you don’t, or me agree with you when I
“No.” Tony kept calm and carried on with his uber-light smile; he had just saved the city, or at very least the block, and deserved better than this conversational turn at two in the afternoon. “Now if you’ll excuse me, I’m all out of honesty and openness at the moment, so I’ll catch up with you later. Kay?”
MJ, Peter’s cool, alternative-culture girlfriend.” And there she was now, rocking a red jumpsuit and a self-engineered wedding band, with a ‘damn straight’ smirk curling up her lips. Sure, Tony was a spectacular specimen of his time, but hell if this new generation wasn’t something else. “Y’know, in that she doesn’t give a rat’s ass what people think, and believes in a fair, just society and the betterment of human kind.”
She lands, and her elbow bends in a flawless right angle when she whacks the guy straight across the nose with the body of the shield. Blood erupts from him like a faucet, speckling blue leather and the exposed pink of her face in a colourful spray. A drop of red sneaks down the white of the shield, trickling across the face of the star. Tony stops breathing.
(Stranger still. It didn’t sound nearly as taunting as it did in his memories. It didn’t sound taunting at all.)
“I think it has.” And Steve’s voice wasn’t as steady as it should have been, but he couldn’t care less for that. “Would
One single swipe of his thumb, was all it would take- yet Steve found himself curiously frozen- mouth dry, eyes unblinking. After that brief stutter, his heart had taken to an outright rampage in his chest, thundering out a rhythm that felt too frantic for his ribcage to hold. All of the voices and thoughts from over the past hour seemed to merge into one incomprehensible mess and
“Glad you’re here.” Steve said, not even looking Tony in the helmet. His neck was twisting this way and that, as if to keep an eye out for the Extremis-enhanced thugs lurking around. Fat load of good that would do when they crisped up his skin like pork crackling. “Three hostiles, enhanced. I’ve cleared all civilians from the immediate premises but I might need you to keep perimeter if needed–”
“Thanks Mr. Stark, but…uh. Wow, it’s so hard to say this.” Peter sent a hand through his messy bangs, eyes darting a million directions per minute. “I’m in school-”
There are just too many of them. White dots, multi-coloured dots, drowning in the expanse of a gigantic black sky.
Tony looked down one last time, watched DUM-E trundle into place by the side of his feet. The tip of the metallic arm came whirring down, resting uncomfortably on his right thigh. He gave the blanket a little jerk with his fingers, made sure it covered his toes and DUM-E’s broad steel base. DUM-E beeped.
“There are aliens in the sky. Just like you said there’d be.” Steve smiled, if you could call a fissure on that face a smile, and stared sightlessly at the skies. “And maybe this is what being a futurist feels like – but I can see it so clearly, you know? You soaring off to save the world, while we’re stirring from our beds. Watching. Watching.”
Clint is sleeping, mouth open on the couch-even though Tony is half tempted to toss an apple or something at his head, to see if he catches it mid snore. Thor is looking incredibly bored, mostly because he’s the one who’d started the topic in the first place by praising some or the other epic a
“And that’s when it strikes me, an honest-to-Thor epiphany right in the middle of this twenty-one year old rugrat prattling to me about love.” A wry, amused sound escaped his lips – memory hazy and rose-toned, but still so vivid. “ ‘Cause you see, I’d been expecting a laundry list of perfections – ‘oh MJ so smart’ and ‘oh MJ so pretty’ and ‘she makes me crack up like a loon’. But Peter didn’t say any of that.”
And that’s all this is. Honest, all-too-natural appreciation of the peak of human perfection. Nothing more, nothing less.
Wow, that didn’t go over well at all. Those shoulders pulled up again, too straight, like shirt lines pulled taut under sewing pins. That barely tightening jaw – the lines of Steve’s body could spell out entire stories, if one took the time to notice. Tony just wasn’t entirely understanding this one.
Hours passed and Steve’s eyelids had begun to droop- he’d give himself a shake now and then, but his legs had grown numb from holding the same position and his mind felt like it had been filled with cotton wool. In one last ditch effort, he picked up the phone and mindlessly opened and closed the screen-lock several times, but the notifications remained frustratingly blank.
Tony’s free hand reached up to tug at his own lapels, fingers smoothing over the outline of a chain through the silk of his shirt. “Ten years ago, this young little upstart, newest addition to the Avengers, vanishes in the middle of a post-mission clean up. I attempt to track him down, for reasons that have everything to do with a touching, almost parental concern; and not influenced at
Dab. Wipe. Dab. Wipe. There’s a light whirring sound, the sound of Tony’s armour unfolding automatically before the approach of Stephanie Rogers. She’s working at the wound on his shoulder now, wiping dirt away from the ragged ends of skin, and it’s the cleanest pain Tony’s ever felt. “Again and again the two of us walk out together, under the ancient trees.” And she breathes out, and sounds so terribly wistful. “lay ourselves down again and again among the flowers. And look up into the sky.”
wouldn’t be good enough. So he runs the numbers, again and again and again, and imagines a thousand different simulations, and cannot sleep for the thought of what he could have done differently. Because that’s better than the thought that he
and now he had an illegal flight to guide out of airspace crawling with military aircraft and he couldn’t fuck this up for T’Challa-
Steve pulled his eyes away, sent his gaze skittering over the other couples on the floor, scoping for anomalies. The blonde and redhead right up the front were clearly the stars-she was positively ethereal, scarlet locks resplendent in victory curls and kissing the side of her chin. A sleeveless polka dotted blouse, and a short red skirt that flared when her partner hoisted her up in the air, arms strong, lines flawless. On the descent, he dipped her backwards, fitted waistcoat straining against a flexing back, purple lining gleaming. Steve could still discern echoes of the old rhythm in their movements-
. It was easy to forget, how many decades Tony Stark had spent on this world, until Steve saw that unblemished, unlined face, the almost innocent eyes. Still not happy though. And then
His thoughts diverted him during the complicated entry procedures – retina scans and all, vaguely annoying but made way more sense than anyone just storming into the Director’s office as used to happen in the olden times, as they were. Procedures passed, the final doors slid open with a hydraulic hiss, Sixty Seven politely nodding at his back and taking their leave.
Steve shook off the memory, heart thundering in his coiled up chest. Clint’s words were like a roar, building up in his ears, ringing in his drums, drowning out all other sounds. The quiet had never been louder. “I…he.” His tongue felt thick, and flubbery in his dried up mouth. “He wouldn’t have listened.”
but his thoughts were interrupted by his own memories, mind flashing back to that last night with Yinsen in the cave; and there was nothing superficially similar about that situation, nearly ten years ago, and now. But it somehow felt like the same anyway. The same, cold, hopeless realisation of purpose.
“Well…let’s put it this way.” The stool screeched against the floor again-Tom was getting up. The swinging light from the bulb reflected in his irises. “I saved your life.”
Steve p’shhhd against his shoulder – it was not very polite. “You would’ve been incredible. With or without me.”
“I- of course.” Steve had almost forgotten, about the world that spied in on them both, in the exhilaration that had taken birth in his veins in the past few minutes. But there was something important to say before the sun disappeared completely under the horizon, and this meeting- hard and strange and emotional as it had been, could end.
“…if you compare me to a summer’s day, I’m running off to Antigua. Right now.” Because Tony Stark will forever be a jackass.
“No. No.” And the eyes were back again, and Clint was uncurling from his crouched position to stand, unexpectedly severe. “I chose this. That’s not what you apologise for, Captain. Any more than Stark apologises for having an
“I’ve been told.” Tony fixed his eyes on a patch of wall, tone listless. It was okay. Rhodey deserved his chance at sharp words too.
“Pretty contrast, yeah.” There was no amusement to Rhodey’s smile. “Bismarck Sea, just off the coast of the main Guinea landmass. Suspicious activity in a couple of the atolls. Installations set up far from where any of the detention centres are supposed to be. Media coverage of the area is already restricted, because of all the remanded refugees-I’m guessing someone’s using it as a cover to carry out their own operations. Influx of boats, people being herded like cattle…who’s to notice if a couple sneak away, right?”
Tom walked around to the other side of the bed, padding steps soft despite his large frame. Steve sucked in a breath, feeling the muscles in his arm tense, his jaw grit tight. His fingertips dug into the pallet-an exhale, and a superhuman heave, and the dead weight of his legs slid across and landed on the ground. His left ankle almost gave way-he winced, incisor sinking into his bottom lip, and pushed through.
It was too easy to ape Steve’s forced joviality, even as Tony did a crappy job trying not to think of the cute nineteenth storey apartment Pepper had bought in Malibu, single occupancy. “Real estate’s a big investment Cap, haven’t you heard? Gotta do my research, can’t just go about buying stuff willy-nilly.”
He wondered if he should say more. T’Challa had already made his distaste of foreign-made vibranium weapons quite clear- and the only thing remotely weapon-like that had been forged out of the ‘stolen vibranium’ was a shield (though Tony would never underestimate the dangerous capacity of it again). He should probably wax eloquent on how he proposed to use this particular one for the good of the people and the protection of the masses and other such nice, philosophical things, except what came out of his mouth was, “That was an Inception quote, by the way. The idea thing. Great Nolan movie. Hey, do you guys get American movies around he-“
And then she looks at him, all-encompassing, and there’s no way she can’t feel Tony’s heart rocket into his reactor, slam against his sternum again and again, in a desperate bid to set itself free. They stay there, stilled in time, till Steph drops her gaze and starts wrapping clean bandages around the wound and Tony breathes in and out with time and tells his pounding chest-
“First rule of lying.” Natasha murmured, and her eyes had gone strangely still, fixated on the polish of the floor.
building stone and when he steps even closer, close enough to smell the sweat off her leather and old-fashioned talc, she goddamn refuses to move.
And then Clint’s anger seemed to drain- his shoulders falling down and tone curiously listless. “I’m a simple guy, Steve. I don’t do large, philosophical debates. People point, I shoot. That’s how it’s always been.” A careless kick, and a stone skipped from the ground to land with a quiet plop in the middle of the stream. “But as a guy who’s never been good at anything but killing- lemme tell you this. Wars can come to us, and we can fight to end them.”
“Ar.. armour override.” Tony said, as the Mark VII raised its head. “Six seven nine seven one one two.”
He hadn’t bothered saving it- it had seemed a bit too foolishly hopeful. Slipping that phone in the FedEx package in the first place had been an exercise in foolish hope. He had known that the effort was futile, even before the letter had been sent and every sentence playing on loop in his head made him cringe with the ignorance innate in those words. But now, the phone was ringing and the screen was flashing and that meant on the other side was….was…
“Steve wasn’t going to stop. He was never going to stop.” Those light coloured eyes flitted up, finally; and maybe he was imagining the guilt in them, but there was no regret. “I understood it. Without blame.”
“I know.” Rhodey smiled, more bleak than anything. Tony hated that look on his face. “That’s not actually the issue I had been referring to. Just context.”
His arms rose and fell in the typical gestures for closing off background processes, taking holograms and throwing them to the storage folders or the bin as necessary, normal procedure for ‘shut down’ for the end of night...beginning of morning…middle of day, whatever the fuck time it was now. Set all fabrication units, swipe, close down search algorithm, swipe, close articles on new memory alloc methods, swipe, new urgent marked personal emails, swipe-
“So you’re telling me you let private companies buy their way into a militarised organisation.” Tony’s words mixed incredulity and scorn with rare skill. “And now you’re putting the CEO of said company in charge.”
Tony blinked, again and again, heart thundering distantly in his chest. When he could hear himself speaking again, his tone was impossibly casual. Anything else wasn’t permitted. “Thanks, Rhodey.”
A couple sections are unbetaed, I'll probably revisit once I'm a bit more coherent. Quotes taken from the Avengers (2012) and Captain America : Civil War (2016), as well as from the prequel to this story, namely Clint's little monologue.
The conversation kind of degenerates to a whole lot of bullshit after that. Thor tries to take it back to him and his epic thrice. The third time, they actually let him get through a fifth of it. Clint sniggers at every line that could be an innuendo. Which, considering that every third line begins with
“Fear comes from…a place of doubt, I think. A lack of trust.” Steve’s hands pulled away from the girder, drawing back slowly over his thighs to come to a standstill. The lines of his face had fallen still too, a barricading stoicism that always rose in these moments – doing little to betray the emotion battering his insides. “Growin up poor as a church mouse, fighting in trenches…and I’d never been as down-to-my-bones terrified as I’ve been these last couple a years.”
“It’s a day in the life of sliced bread,” was Steve’s incomprehensible reply; all the while those baby-blues stayed unswerving, thumbs going
“If you’re awake enough to say geriatric, you’re awake enough to pick your suit jacket off the floor.” Contrary to the words, Tony could feel someone nose into the soft crook between his neck and jaw - he tilted his head into it obligingly, soft wisps of hair brushing his cheek. The next words were quieter, gently winding into the shell of his ear. “You know I’d do it myself, if you’d trust me around your clothes.”
“I couldn’t sign the Accords because I didn’t…I was scared that they’d make us do things we didn’t want to do.” The words spilled into the coolness of the morning air, frank and uncensored. They weren’t particularly new, nothing that hadn’t been aired out in that first spat at the Facility.
“In accountability, yes.” The words pushed out, Tony’s eyes just as unwavering as that day, so many days and years ago, when he’d pledged to the Avengers as something greater than himself. “To be held responsible when I screw up. When we all do. But not to martyring myself for the shitload of nothing that I did wrong.”
“Which means its eight am, which is breakfast time for healthy people.” There were still scattered white bits though. That didn’t mean those parts were uncooked, were they? He seemed to recall having white eggs in the past that were fairly cooked. Still. A bit more frying probably wouldn’t hurt. “And before you ask- yes, I’ve finished all my work and am positively ravenous.”
Besides, it wasn’t like Tony Stark wouldn’t think of searching for a tracking chip in a device sent to him by a man who’d literally driven his weapon into his heart.
He didn’t know how long he’d been walking for – it would have been all too natural to try and fire the thrusters, but something whispering at the back of his mind stoppered that impulse. Instead, he fell to instinct and kept walking, flex-release-clank accompanying him down uncountable blocks: 17th, 18th, 19th streets, down and down till Seventh Avenue. Came to a lumbering stop, and if he raised his head and looked left, he could spot the…what used to be the Avengers Tower fifty metres away.
“Look, I knew about you for months before I even…the first thing I did was drag you into a goddamn fight with people having thrice the experience, I was
“It’s always the same with you millennials. Life is hard, it always is.” Steve’s gloves creaked as he flexed his fingers, boots gleaming cherry red just at the edge of his sight. The old uniform – now that was a different touch. “Don’t know about you, but I’ve got plenty in my life to get outta bed for.”
His stale tongue scraped against the top of his palate; yeah, maybe giving the coffee a rest would be a good idea at this point. Did coffee dehydrate you, or was it one of those modern myth thingys? He…he seemed to remember Pepper saying that coffee was dehydrating…or was that diuretic? No, weren’t those opposite things? Hell, Pep would probably say that coffee contained belladonna if it got him to stop treating it as his entire diet…ah, anyway. It wasn’t important, now.
“I think we’ve been through too much to settle for a first kiss that’s also our last. A last hurrah before the end of the world.” Tony stroked his thumb over knuckles he’d bandaged
“Okay.” Steve said, a little toneless. “Okay. It just… it felt like you wanted to say something to me, before the fight.”
Emptied. Of rage and grief and panic and righteousness, till he could wash his face at the basin with the mirror, and watch something curiously akin to Tony’s defeated eyes stare back at him.
He sits still for an hour, then turns the back of the page and writes something down. He doesn’t need to consult JARVIS, he remembers each word. The page is stamped on his memory, the first time his fifteen-year old eyes had glimpsed it.
Planting yourself like a tree was all well and good. But he was starting to feel the soil erode away from beneath his feet, and he didn’t know how long he could keep standing.
“So you think,” T’Challa began slowly. “That after our people had our rarest, most precious mineral stolen from us to fashion weapons- we’re just going to hand over about…eight hundred pounds of it to you?”
“He wouldn’t take my hand.” The words left his lips, strange and distant. Steve ran a hand up his left arm, fingers squeezing the muscles as they passed-a futile attempt to warm himself. His shoulder ached. “He was going to be crushed, and he wouldn’t…”
Tony tramped off in the opposite direction, eyeing the clear space around a light post couple yards away for takeoff. His cams had caught sufficient video for FRIDAY to id the perps, best get some searches going when he reached the Tower. Check for military background, ‘public’ hospital records, any connections to the erstwhile Advanced Idea Mechanics… no guarantee the formula couldn’t have slipped out to other groups, but best to eliminate the obvious. He could probably smuggle in a shower sometime in between, run through the logs of FRIDAY’s latest buggy subroutine while waiting for the results–
“You can’t contact him.” Professionality, but with a well of disturbance boiling just below the surface, out of sight. This wasn’t just a minor inconvenience. Real shit had gone down. “You need to get your plane and fly-”
No, the sun wasn’t setting. But the dimmed light had gone awfully red, casting shadows across Peggy’s cheekbones, creeping across the diner table that was somehow too solid and yet not enough under Steve’s numb fingers. “Peg.”
“Which I already know, since I actually have attended Aircraft Design 101 and even flown a plane, believe it or not.” Rhodey finished off the outline of his aileron with a pointed stroke. “Also what have I said about backseat designing before, Tones?”
is touching his lips, laying claim to the words he cannot say but that she bared, over and over. She’s kissing him, and Tony closes his eyes and lets her-lets himself believe that he doesn’t need to stand out, to be anything special in order to be loved.
He wasn’t even fully stretched out. He was kneeling on the mattress, neck bent at an absurd angle, arms straining for something placed on a moronically high shelf-probably a home job, judging by the nails hammered into the flaking plaster.
“Well fuck the Director then,” the response rose to Tony’s lips all too naturally. “The Director can pay for my expensive back surgery. And my chiropractor.”
That….didn’t make much sense. Unless…..and it was a bad topic, but the word scraped out all the same, “..Tony?”
“You’ve seen him tonight.” Iron Man finally responded, helm still turned away. His joints were fixed in place, and the utter lack of clicking gears and soft hums alerted one to the utter lack of movement. “He’s doing fine.”
“I saw jellyfish in the sea life aquarium yesterday.” Steve informed him, because Sam was even funnier with a climbing blood pressure. “They’re rather beautiful.”
No, no, no. Steve’s heartbeat sped up triple fold, clammy hands sticking to the rope he’d still been clinging on to all this time. He couldn’t, he
“You barely talk at all- and I don’t know if it’s because of recent events or because you do not feel as free with me as you did with JARVIS- but all the data I’ve gathered indicate that you talk better than most members of the human race and you…should.” FRIDAY was still going strong and…..hell. There it was, Tony’s old friend, Master Guilt. “….And you haven’t called me Girl Friday in ages, or Fry- which is a witty wordplay on my name and the fact that I’m the youngest of your AI, after the manner of fish; and I understand my predecessor disapproved of your nicknaming but I feel rather…prized, when you do so.”
“Like…like stainless steel.” Tony stammers over explaining himself, but Steph keeps nodding encouragingly like the angel she is. At least he hasn’t fallen over his feet like the four other morons they’ve crossed paths with today. Steph is wearing shorts.
His breaths were already starting to fall heavily. He forced it to a snail’s pace, air pulling at his nostrils and filling his lungs with each cold inhale. His jaw remained tight.
, watched on smilingly from the distance. Maybe it was just the Dr Pepper talking, but this felt like one of the moments all those other moments had been leading up to. “I think you might be what marriage is supposed to look like. And here’s to ten more years of schooling us in being awesome.”
In typical fashion, something had to happen to interrupt this pleasantly domestic scene. A faint trill filled the air, and FRIDAY said- “You have an incoming call from Miss Potts.”
“Except I haven’t.” Tony relaxed his fingers and the chain unsnarled, tags swinging down to dangle against his breastbone, just over his scars. “You and I…we’ve worked our asses off to get where we are. Here, with each other.”
have agendas, Steve!” Tony clearly had no such compunctions, because up the hands went, and twisted through his dark hair, leaving a mess behind. He took a challenging step forward, almost daring Steve to bristle. “Tell me that this mess with your
“I want.” Steve said, then pressed his lips closed. Thinner, more ragged, than Tony remembered them to be. It was irrelevant. “I. I don’t know what it’s like, I think, to do something I don’t want.”
I hope everyone enjoys this chapter. It was supposed to be up yesterday but my exotic animal enrichment classes are super in-depth. But fun nonetheless:)
An extremely enhanced metabolism was one of Peter’s many powers, which didn’t help when your family barely survived living paycheck to paycheck. The kid could easily out-eat both super-soldiers at mealtimes but was as thin as a twig. Peter would always be very skinny, his powers and natural physique assured that. But it hurt the team to know the kid went hungry most days of his life because he and his aunt could barely afford food. The possibility that May withheld food from Peter was almost too awful to think about.
“‘M, sorry.” Peter instinctually tried to shy away from the touch. Blood slowly dripped from the various partially-healed wounds on his skinny body, the harsh movements reopening some of his recently scabbed-over injuries. He couldn’t seem to stop shaking, his threadbare sweatpants and t-shirt doing nothing to keep him warm in the unheated basement. Even his voice shook, wavering on every word.
Natasha was the first to recover, anger painting her features. She sent Tony a look that could’ve set his soul on fire. “You,” she pointed at the billionaire, “will fix this.”
Peter shoved the dazed billionaire to the floor when a barrage of gunfire exploded outside. The sound of guns firing and repulser blasts lasted for less than a minute before an eerie silence fell over them once again. Peter kept a firm hold on his mentor, not daring to move in case the fight started up again. There was another, much larger blast seconds later, and the massive front door flew off its hinges, sending a cloud of dust into the rafters above.
The Captain tried his hardest to be there for Peter. Especially after his recurring nightmares, like the one last night. But sometimes, he forced himself to hang back, thinking Tony would be more successful in calming the teen. But deep down, he was simply too worried he would make things worse somehow and hurt Peter.
He couldn’t stop the little, discouraged, “oh,” that escaped him, disappointment washing over him. But he quickly pulled himself together, not keen on letting MJ know how much her casual response hurt him. Obviously, it wasn’t her fault, but he hoped he could have spent some time with her. Who knows if he could work up the nerve to ask her to hang out again?
Peter didn’t try to argue. Instead, he shot a web grenade at Crow in an attempt to get him away from May. At the very same time, his spider-sense went off, warning him of another danger.
“Yeah.. okay.” He responded numbly. It had been a long time since he and Tony had been separated from one another for an extended period of time. They nearly always slept curled up next to each other at night, seeking comfort and love in each other. But Steve was sure he would be sleeping alone that night. If he could even sleep, that is. Vivid images of Tony and Peter being tortured would undoubtedly plague him.
“It’s okay,” Peter said as he dropped down from the ceiling, landing silently on his feet. “‘M just getting ready to head out.”
The funeral was a quiet affair. A small crowd attended despite the chill in the air, winter’s frigid temperatures biting at everyone’s fingers. Cumulonimbus clouds gathered in the sky above the congregation, darkening the somber event in a literal sense. May’s coworkers and friends attended, offering their respect to their fallen colleague and gave their condolences to the last remaining Parker.
“You know about Peter.” It wasn’t a question. The guy was a magical wizard; of course, he would know that Peter had been kidnapped. Why else would he be here?
“I got you.” Steve pressed a chaste kiss on Tony’s chapped lips, then another on Peter’s forehead. Steve couldn’t begin to convey how elated he was to have his two boys back in his arms, alive. Neither Peter nor Tony had been taken from them permanently. They were alive. The second wave of relief washed over Steve as they boarded the quinjet, the rest of their team right behind them. They were up in the air less than a minute later.
“All of my life. I would see these… spirits and ghosts even when I was little. But since I was locked in my parent’s basement most days, I didn’t come into contact with many spirits.”
Steve ran over to them, his shield up in case of a secondary attack. Natasha flanked Steve’s right while Bucky took his left, scouting for any possible trap or gunman they missed. Rhodey flew in through one of the broken skylights, repulsers up and ready to fire at a moment’s notice.
“About ten minutes ago.” Natasha continued typing away on her laptop while she spoke, her eyebrows furrowed in concentration. Hacking was one of her many specialties, which came in handy when the team needed traffic camera footage. “But it cut off almost as soon as we received it. Friday locked onto the location where it came from.”
“So you’re saying there’s something after Peter?” Natasha moved to stand behind the chair where the two geniuses were seated and began running her fingers through Peter’s hair. She just needed to be near her baby boy.
“Like she was waiting for me.” A shiver ran down Peter’s spine as he recalled the foggy-white eyes of Mary’s ghost, the fluted skirt of her dress flowing behind her as she approached. Her gaudy pink Edwardian heels clicking against the black stone floor. “She spoke to me directly. Called me by name.”
Tony sat quietly for a few minutes in contemplation, running over all the information Peter gave him, which was a lot. Most of which was thoroughly disturbing. He would need to call a team meeting so they could discuss any conceivable plans to raze this group of lunatics and protect Peter
“I understand,” Tony stepped forward, his posture tense and voice tight, “that you wouldn’t be so compromised if you hadn’t taken my punishment.”
“I still feel bad.” Peter still wouldn’t look at him. After sobbing for a good two hours, he finally managed to calm down. But Peter clamped up almost entirely afterward. What he saw was horrible, to say the least, and he really didn’t want to talk about it.
“So we should expect some magical spells and whatever else that crazy shit entails.” The billionaire mused, lips pursed. “Anything else?”
“Wha- Pete?” Tony promptly sat up, blinking rapidly as his eyes adjusted to the hospital room’s bright lighting. His deep-seated fear of Peter, never waking up, turned to relief as soon as he realized that Peter was awake and talking. No longer lying unconscious in a hospital bed that swamped his small form, his malnourished and battered body barely clinging to life. The drastic shift in emotions had the billionaire launching into nervous rambling, unsure of what to say or do.
She wanted him to speak, and ignoring a question would insight an immediate punishment just as disobeying an order would. Quietly, Peter managed to nod and say, “yes, ma’am.”
Peter scuffed, “you mean, has she ever abused me?” Each Avenger had asked Peter a variation of the same question multiple times over the past year, their concern both worrying and comforting to him.
