He straightened in his seat then leaned forward.
"I can be your Steve. All you have to do is hold my hand." The hand passed through the mirror. "And we'll be together forever."
“So you’re not mad?” he asked quietly.
“Whyyyy—” he was silenced by a kiss on the lips.
“I know, my dear.” They both looked at the young man perched on the windowsill, sighing down adoringly.
"Okay okay, so it's a he and is definitely human then."
"Nuh-uh-- I mean no I didn't! You just surprised me..." "I felt your arousal simmer down, Steve. What does that say, you think?" Tony challenged.
"T-that can't be!" Steve started to panic and slur his words. Tony tried his best to calm the Captain but ended up catching the man as he fainted.
"Coffee, Cap?" Tony raised his mug. At Steve's shake of the head, he gestured for the blond to sit down on one of the counter barstools.
And so Tony decided, he was gonna befriend the boy.
"I really was just surprised Tony..." Steve lowered his forehead as far as Tony's horns allowed. "I really do want you and I'm sorry if you thought otherwise." He said pressing a kiss to the horns.
Tony giggled and hugged back even tighter. “Everyone keeps saying that. Why does everyone keep saying that?”
He decided to steer the ship closer and hopped into a space suit to retreive the pod. As he got nearer, he could now clearly see a familiar logo on the side of the pod. "STARK INDUSTRIES" was plastered on it.
"STEVE!" He yelled. Steve's slit eyes finally started to get rounder. It was still red though.
“Come on,” he lent a hand at the brunet and helped him out, the small moan he quite tried to ignore but boy was that a sound he won’t ever tire from hearing. “You gotta shower and get dressed.”
“Just promise me one thing…”
Steve Rogers who he had known since he was three.
He looked at his best friend who was demolishing the bagels and took a deep breath.
"Down on the sass, Jay" The two were bantering when a gasp made itself known.
"Either you want me or not, Steve" Tony said tiredly. "Either you can accept this part of me or I leave and find someone who will"
"W-what? Where--" the man's words slurred after disuse.
The soothing voice crooned and flowed into the Stark Household. Irritated footsteps padded across the wooden floor.
When Howard brought home Ms. Maria Carbonell for the first time, he was astounded as to how the man could attract such a smart and fierce woman. She was a young and beautiful Italian from a rather affluent background but didn’t exactly fall under the stereotype, leading to several episodes of the woman screaming at Howard for something or other. Safe to say, he liked Maria enough to try and actually serve Howard with more, let’s say, gusto.
Looking back, it was Steve. His eyes had gone red, pupils elongated into slits. His fangs had descended and face turned into a menacing scowl.
“Intentionally or otherwise—Tony gets hurt, you answer to me.”
At first, he was sort of wary about Steve because who the hell avoids him like the plague but also keeps hanging out with him?
“Tony, sweetheart” Still nothing.
“it’s not that simple, Jay.” Tony drew back and sat up straight. He kept on refusing to look at the older man in the eye which worried the Brit.
He was going to have to kill Steve. Wait. He could wait and see if and when Steve decided to tell him about it. About this.
Rhodey sighed and smiled at his best friend’s antics. It was nice to see him so happy and himself for once. And after years of pining, got himself his man. He knew things weren’t going to be any easier but he was really glad that Steve was there for the young man.
Turning, it was Steve.
They laughed as Steve sighed and relaxed when Tony reentered the room holding a tray of varied drinks. He looked confused and actually tilted his head and turned to Steve with a silent question in his eyes. Steve’s face relaxed into a smile and shrugged at the brunet. He laid the tray on the coffee table and handed Rhodey his drink before getting two more and handing one to Steve. He tried to sit beside his boyfriend but Bucky was adamant at playing human barrier between the two. Rhodey sipped at his drink and watched Tony who was now pouting at the older brunet and then Steve who tried to assure Tony that it was fine.
Tony charts his stars, Steve is given his own set of writing/drawing utensils and he starts to draw everything (Tony).
"Explain? What the fuck do you mean explain?! What is there to explain!" He was getting too emotional he knew but fuck it.
“And I supposed that will save your beloved from your brother’s wrath?”
Suddenly, Tony felt it. Steve's arousal was triggering him. His wings and tail appeared, immediately wrapping around Steve. His horns came out and that had Steve pausing.
He just keeps growing!
"Then these are mine too." Steve said as he rubbed the star on the pastie. Then he mouthed over the skin around it, earning a moan from Tony.
“Anything, Buck.”
And all you are is boundless.
“And it is not yours either. Just let your brother have his moment.” Tony was about to retort when Steve came tumbling down the stairs. He looked up at Tony and shuffled closer in haste as he pressed a kiss on Tony’s lips. “Sorry but I gotta run” he said with a smile and immediately ran out the door. Bucky ran down the stairs to follow suit but stopped for a moment to give Tony a small peck on the forehead.
Steve has similar thoughts. He thinks of the time remaining that he has with Tony. He misses home but he thinks it will be different as well. He will miss the familiarity and comfort he has gained with the fresh astronaut.
"The last thing? The last... I remember, we were across L61-6B Liberty Belt when Hydra pirates- there was a fight. My ship..." he struggled to talk. Tony was about to tell him to calm himself. "My crew, there was a fire that started in the east wing. I was instructing them to warp back to our galaxy but the fire had spread where I was at. I managed to get inside a pod and then... I guess, I woke up to you."
"You taste-" Steve starts.
“If it makes you feel better, I don’t plan on making this just a one-night stand”
“Goddammit, Tony. I mean good for you but I don’t exactly want to hear all the juicy details—”
"I didn't think anyone else knew or remembered that song existed. It was only ever passed through Irish families." Steve continued.
He slept with his brother’s best friend.
“Shit”
(See the end of the chapter for
"I don't have to explain to you how Howard wasn't much of a father to me, right?" Steve nodded. "Well, as dad always seemed to have somewhere to be, he usually took my mom with him. And Jarvis, the original Jarvis, and his wife Ana would look after me." He took a sip before continuing.
"I know that song" a sudden voice startled him.
There was only a short silent minute before screaming started.
“I’d bury you alive if you didn’t, punk” Bucky replied as he took the outstretched hand and pulled himself to stand.
Silence enveloped the household as Tony and Jarvis were left. And he should be freaking out over the fact that his brother was chasing his boyfriend around New York while nursing a hangover but he couldn’t make himself care about that.
“I’m gay” silence blanketed over them for the briefest of moments before Tony felt the butler shift nearer to him. A hand was placed on his hair and guided his head to the older man’s shoulder. The man gave him a few pats on the head before releasing a silent sigh.
Rhodey just laughed and released a sigh.
It may have something to do with his father's past as rocket scientist/engineer and the ever infamous story of their lost Captain.
What about sex demons tho
He came towards the mirror but the cloth had already been pulled down. Had he forgotten to cover it up the day before?
“Buck, listen—ack!” he grunted when Bucky moved to put him on a chokehold. “Bucky, stop it” he tried to pry himself away from the brunet’s hold which was impressively strong considering he only had one arm.
Tony bit his lip, trying to control his emotions.
He thought.
“You ass” he pointed at Steve who was gonna make a run for it until the brunet tackled him. “I can’t believe you slept with my brother and didn’t even have the nerve to tell me—”
Tony sighed. There was a reason he liked Rhodey best.
“Tony, if Rogers forced you in anyway, I will beat his ass”
Tony was raised by the Jarvises growing up. And Ana Jarvis always sang this one Irish lullaby to him.
“So,” he started, “heard you and Tones, huh?” Steve didn’t look surprised that he knew. He just nodded.
He puts the photo down and paces around the bed, the very memorable bed, frustrated with himself for overthinking things again. He glanced at his phone on the bedside table, beside the bottle of lube and opened box of condoms (“It was a gag gift from Bucky” Steve explained and Tony only snorted “Sure, Cap”) and he blushed again. He picked up the phone and scrolled through his contacts, finding the name and dialing it. He waited for the call to be picked up. A muffled groan and sleepy voice went through the phone.
“You guys up and left me in the bar” he stated.
That did him in. One moment they were just hiding from Bucky’s weekly failed conquest rants, the next moment they’d kissed and Tony had confessed to him, and then the next they were making love on his bed.
"Scan complete. The organic lifeform seems to be of human descent. Approximately 30-35 years of age. Male reproductive--"
“I want you to listen well, Anthony. No matter what you are or who you wish to be—know that you will always be loved and supported. By your mother, father, brother, and me.” Tony made an attempt to refute the Brit but was tutted to silence. “Tony, it does not and should not matter who you wish to be with. Gender isn’t what you love about someone. And whoever is loved by you—I can guarantee—is truly blessed.” Tony hugged the butler tightly and cried on the man’s suit. Jarvis remembered comforting the young master for the next few minutes before they both fell asleep on the bed, Tony curled around him as he had when he was a young boy.
When he faced the mirror, he saw the boy smiling. That's odd, he's never smiled before. And then the boy spoke.
“I think there’s something wrong with me…” Jarvis only waited for the teenager to continue, “I mean, I’ve talked to Rhodey about this and he doesn’t think there’s anything wrong with it but… not everyone is Rhodey” he could feel the young man shaking and could only run his fingers through the chocolate locks.
"Well, you look like a Steve." The boy smiled silently before holding out a hand.
At some point he outgrows the tower and now it looks like a scene from King Kong.
"What do you mean Kitana's coming? The same Kitana that owns the boutique we bought our dresses from? Why invite her, I know you both said you know each other but god Tony, are you that desperate to get into her pants that you invited her just so she'd get drunk and sleep with you?"
She reared back from him, shock on her face as she realized what he meant. Her hand automatically came up to smack him but she stopped herself. She was new to this world, and even though he was a pig, if what he said was true, she didn't want to get on the bad side of him.
The next day was the day of the party and Kitana stood in her apartment thinking over all that happened yesterday. Not only did she get invited to Tony Starks party, in Steve's honour, she also met 2 other people from their little group. Thinking on those girls, she held a slight grimace as she thought of one red head. She didn't like Pepper, she reminded Kitana too much of the people she left behind. They left her behind first, so she knew thinking bad of them wasn't frowned upon at all, but she liked to think of them as how they had been before.
Steve's could be counted as Jealousy but he didn't feel jealous... He just felt slightly lonely or left out. And Kitana's could be explained as attraction or even slightly embarrassment, if the blush on her face was to go by.
The second time that Kitana saw Tony was a month later. In that month, she had moved out of the hotel after 2 days, she'd set up her own shop, one that was doing extremly well for saying it was very new. In the 2 weeks that it had been officially open, she'd received more customers than she ever thought she would. The shop that she'd opened was a clothes shop, but not just any clothes shop. Her own fashion boutique called 'Fallen Angels' and it was an immediate hit, especially with the more alternative people as well as some celebrities wanting something out there and different. The clothing varied from Gothic to Emo to slightly weird to be considered everyday wear but was classes as dark couture. Some of them were quite elegant and expensive looking, but they were clothes that she liked and would wear herself, so she though
"Find everything you needed?" She started to scan all the items, noticing what Natasha put down was considerably less than what Pepper did. Natasha only has the dress, shoes and bag along with a necklace and pair of earrings. Pepper however added 2 pairs of earing, 3 necklaces, a jacket to match the dress and 2 pins to go in her hair. Not saying anything more when they both nodded to her, she finished scanning and bagging and told them the price.
Plastering a smile on her face, she looked the red head in blue over. "I'm sorry, I never caught your name." Kitana decided she's had enough of calling her 'the business red head' and asked for a name.
"You don't know who I am? I'm Tony Stark! You know, the guy whose CEO of Stark towers, Iron man billionaire, Genius, Philanthropist?" A cocky smile was on his face as he observed her to see if there was any recognition but there was none. "You seriously don't know who I am!? And what do you mean your first kiss! I can't be your first kiss? You what, like 23/24? Geez if I was your fist kiss, you must have been really frigid!" He looked even more shocked than her not knowing who he was and started the laugh at the end.
"Right, well, I have a wide selection, so I have two-piece suit type dresses, on piece suit dresses too and semi casual and semi business dresses, all that have shoes to match. We also have normal dresses, casual dresses, floor length evening gowns, prom dresses even a selection of wedding dresses, all with matching shoes. There are the options of 2 straps going down too strapless. Now, the colouring for you, I believe something more along the lines of dark blue would suit you or a dark purple, but nothing too bright as it would clash against your hair and make your skin seem washed out. But on the other spectrum, you could wear any kind of pink, a deep red too, black if you wanted but that doesn't seem appropriate, green might work too, but nothing to light, as it would make you look like a Christmas tree. Yellow wouldn't work either and white would seem too wedding like. So, your best option would be something like... This." Saying all of this to the first woman, the one who wants something business like, she noticed her friend, Natasha, wander over to another rack of dresses that help medium to floor length dresses. Pulling a dark blue single dress off the rack, she held it up for her customer to see.
"Alright, my driver Happy is on his way. We can either go straight to your hotel or... I can show you around New York if you like?" Tony smiled brightly at her, it never faltering even when she had to stop and think before shaking her head at his offer.
All the money inside changed, and her I.D did too, to make it seem like she was a US citizen. Hearing Tony say goodbye, she closed her bag again and swung it up onto her shoulder again.
"Hello, my names Kitana and welcome to 'Fallen Angels', I'm the owner. is there anything I can help you with today ladies?" she hoped her voice matched her smile as she was still slightly nervous about dealing with new people even though she'd been doing it for two weeks.
"Do you know where your getting ready? Pepper and Natasha should be joining you, Tony thought It'd be a good way for you three to bond." Almost immediately, Tony's mouth opened to contradict him.
"Sweetheart, I'm pretty sure everyone will love whatever it is you choose to wear and those that don't are jealous of you is because of good you look. Now you've told Steve, but why don't you tell me, so I can ready myself to having a heart attack when you walk into the room looking like a goddess." Tony's obvious flirting with her was stirring something up in both hers and Steve's stomach, although neither were quite sure what it was.
"Wow, Jarvis I didn't know you took that much notice into my life, I'm touched. Don't worry, that's just my AI JARVIS. Jarvis, say hello to our party guest, Kitana. She's getting ready with Natasha and then walking in with me and Steve, so do be a dear and let him know our guest is here" He grinned at no one in general, waiting for his AI to respond.
"Since your walking in with Steve, would you like me to send a car to pick you up at a certain time? Or would you rather come over to the tower early so you can get ready there, so you and Steve are together when it's time for you to walk in?" Even though Tony seemed alright with what he was saying, anyone looking at them barring both other people at the table could see he was jealous. But the thing was, was he jealous of Steve or Kitana?
"Tony? Y... You can't mean that. You... You need me! You'll fall behind on work and you'll... You'll forget to do things!" She was grasping at straws, trying to get Tony to change his mind when he realized how much work things were at the company. He just stood there a small smirk on her face, as he watched her flounder and try and talk her way out of it.
Walking into the elevator, the doors immediately closed behind them. "Jarvis, communal floor please. I have a new guest I want to introduce to the others." Tony seemingly spoke into thin air so she was surprised when a voice answered him back.
"Sure thing, I know all the hotels around here! There's one about 5 Blocks away, pretty good, not 5 stars but still pretty good. Another is in the other direction about 7 blocks away that's high class and 5 stars. The last one is just around the corner, but its only 3 stars. Or your last option is still standing, you could spend the night with me!" Winking at the end of his sentence, he let her know he was only joking. Well, half joking at least. In his head, he was thinking he wouldn't mind spending a night with the beautiful woman in front of him. Realizing she wasn't exactly impressed with that, by her stance of arms crossed and one leg further out to the side than usual, he made his facial features change into a smile.
"I'll go find a bag and shoes to match, what size are you? Once you've tried it on and decided whether you like it, I have quite a few accessories you and your friend can go through. At my boutique, not only do we do dresses with matching bags and shoes, but we do every day clothing too. Eventually, in the next couple of weeks, there will be a men's section too. But I've only been up and running for two weeks, so I'm doing things gradually. Now, I'll find those shoes and that bag for you and you try that dress on. Call me if you need anything, like a different size on the dress or the shoes." Kitana spoke kinder to her than she had the other girl, watching her nod before walking over to the second changing room and stepping inside. Nodding to herself, she found some dark green shoes, darker than the dress itself. Indecisive, she chose peep toe pumps as well as closed toe ones, slightly lower ones the same colour. Grabbing both and wandering over to the bags section she let herself fall into what she loved the most, matching and creating new outfits. Deciding that Natasha looked more like a clutch girl, she grabbed a plain black one with a diamante opening, a sparkly black one with glitter covering it and a heart shaped black one with a very small chain attached.
"Yes, thank you, this is perfect. I'll be taking the dress, shoes and bag. Now did I hear something about accessories?" Miss Potts didn't look away from her reflection once while speaking and it was only due to Kitana excellent control she didn't roll her eye's. "Yes, we have a wide range for you both to look through, so once you've changed back I can show you what I think would look best, if you like?" trying to hurry her along, without being obvious, Kitana used some slight magic to compel her to get changed again. Pepper walked back into the changing room to get out of the dress and shoes and set them aside to buy. She didn't even bother to look at the price tag, knowing that she was using Tony's card and she didn't have to worry about how much these things cost.
"Do you like how it fits you? Do the shoes fit comfortably?" Kitana questioned her when it looked like Natasha wasn't quite happy. Natasha nodded to her, still looking at herself in the reflection on the mirror.
His name is Steve Rogers and he was perfect in every way. Literally. He is a perfect gentleman, very handsome, perfect body and wasn't too dumb either. The way they'd met wasn't disimilar to the way she'd met Tony, only this time instead of dragging her off and kissing her, he apologized profusely and helped her up before picking all her bags up and offering to walk her home. He was so nice, she couldn't say no. On their way, he made small talk and she admitted that she had a large delivery for her new store that was going to be opening the next day and she didn't know how she was going to put all the mannequins up and together, fitted with clothes on, in time. Hearing this, Steve offered to help her do this and because of him being so insistent, she couldn't say no. After that day, they exchanged numbers and he would sometimes meet up on her lunch break to grab something to eat. He was nice and sweet and very good looking and she could see why the ladies would be all over him. She'd contemplated it for a split second but closed that thought down fast. She felt she'd be happy with Steve, but she needed more.  To Kitana that could either mean, she needed more than one person or someone that balanced her like two people would. With who and what she wa she didn't want o subject someone as kind as steve to that only to have it blow up later when he didn't understand her need of more than one person. She'd never had anyone she could experiment that with, so she didn't know. For all she knew, being the Master of Death, she needed 4 people to ground her at once. Of course, she'd tried asking Death but got no answer from that and Hel wasn't very forthcoming, as she herself didn't know due to there never being a real Mistress of Death before, that had been accepted anyway.
She was shocked at how fast he was speaking and it took her a while to catch up with it al.
"It's Tony, one second." He tapped the answer button and said hello.
"JARVIS, ring Miss Potts for me please?" his thoughts running a mile a minute, he wanted to know if Pepper was still at the store and what she thought of it and its owner.
Hearing the name Tony made Kitana perk up but shook it off as a coincidence, but the name Stark surely wasn't. Not wanting to jump to a conclusion, she had to ask.
No, Steve realized.
If he stayed here, he'd be raped again, an unknown number of times, by an unknown number of people, all while he was completely oblivious.
He collapsed right onto the ground, entire body seized up, clenched against the agony for what felt like an eternity. But when the pain subsided, the figures around him had barely moved, so it could only have lasted a few seconds at most.
He couldn't stay like this, and just wait for the fucking to start again. He had to try something. He'd end up no worse than he was already.
No one had followed him.
Steve could only let out a terrified grunt, as the robot penis breached him. It was cold and smooth, inhumanly hard. It felt clinical and invasive, more like a medical procedure than a sexual act. "Please," he tried again, "don't let this thing fuck me. I'll do whatever you want."
"Fifteen minutes. If you can last that long without blowing your load, he'll stop. Instantly. No harm, no foul. Otherwise, timer resets, and you get to keep playing. See? How long this game lasts is entirely up to you."
"No! Let me out!" he yelled, straining against the bars on all sides of him, but there was no give.
Then he parted the shades, and wasted precious time just staring.
"You really shouldn't have done that," Stark said.
Asshole Extraordinaire.
It galled him even more to be marked, claimed, and then left in isolation for days on end.
Prompts used:
It still hurt, terribly, like he was being stuffed to his very limits, and then stretched out some more, but he couldn't put up even a ounce of resistance, couldn't slow the intrusion by a millimeter. Soon he was filled to the brim with Stark, and burning alive from the inside with every hot, slick stroke.
With both hands free, Stark began to push with increased force. Steve's muscles, still weak from the earlier assault, couldn't resist. The plug sank slowly, horribly, inexorably in, stretching him the whole way. There was an incredible burn, a tightness, a fullness like he couldn't have imagined. Steve refused to beg again, not for Stark's deaf ears, but it still dragged a desperate whine from him as he was pushed wide open, maybe irrecoverably.
"Where is it kept?" Steve said.
"We are not square," Stark said, gesturing with the iron. "I thought you learned your place, but sometimes it takes a couple tries before the lesson sticks, huh, Cap? Now, I hate repeating myself, can't stand it, but this guy will give you a refresher."
Day 30: Ignoring an Injury
Steve flinched, as much from the words as from the sudden sensation of something wet and cold trickling between his ass cheeks.
"Love the begging," said Stark. "But no. Jarvis, shock him if he tries to take it out. I gotta jet."
Just when he was about to lose consciousness, Stark snapped the fingers of his gauntlets, and the collar slackened. Steve rolled over, gasping, coughing, sucking in shaking, eager lungfuls of air.
There was no response. The timer was in the single digits now now. Some cowardly desperation forced him to crawl forward until he got to the cage, that damned plug stimulating him anew, even in that short distance.
Steve held perfectly still, like prey, as Stark untied him, and bore it when Stark ran an appreciative hand over the rope grain imprinted there, an artwork he was especially proud of.
Hundreds of years, maybe. Long enough for the America that he'd fought for, that he'd sacrificed everything for, to have warped into the twisted dystopia he found himself in. There were other towering buildings all around, and he had the chilling thought that there might be slaves trapped in each of them, subjected to the same treatment as he was.
If Stark thought he was putting that in his own mouth—
Thanks again for the kind feedback - much appreciated!
His hole, which was starting to feel cold and empty, welcomed the new intrusion, greedily accepting the new girth. Only a few thrusts brought his penis back to full attention, and he realized he was about to repeat the same cycle again.
Steve remembered.
"No way," Steve said, and another bolt hit him like a truck. It was briefer this time, or he was just ready for it. When it subsided, he scrabbled for the collar on his neck with jerky movements, expecting at any time another strike—but he couldn't find any seam or latch, it felt like a smooth piece of metal all the way around. He only got a brief jolt of pain for his efforts, but it still brought tears to his eyes.
"All the people who live here have a code that let's Jarvis know to tell me there outside of the room. Now, this is the kitchen, we each take turns on cooking breakfast and dinner. We're not usually here for lunch so we only ever eat together in the morning and in the evening. If your ever here, your welcome to use anything and everything in here. I bet you'll be a better cook then any of us ever will be. If there's something you need and we don't have it, just tell Jarvis and hell put it on our shopping list or depending on how badly you need it, get someone to deliver it downstairs where It'll be sent up. Okay, that's it for here, onto the bedrooms. Each person has their own floor to live on, mines downstairs next to my lab, then Pepper has one above here but she rarely uses it and come Monday, it will be cleaned out and anything of her left over will be chucked away. Happy, that's my driver if you remember him, has one on the same level as mine, as It's the biggest floor, and because he's my bodyguard. Then it's Steve, Clint, Natasha, Bruce and Thor, although he's hardly ever here to use it. And that's the basic of the grand tour!" Everything he said seemed to speed off of his tongue, almost like it was second nature to say all of that.
Closing it back up again, she grabbed her jacket, keys and bag before walking out of her apartment door and locking it, making her way out of her shop and over to Tony's Tower.
Her voice sounded exasperated again and he frowned down at the phone before speaking not letting her know what he was really feeling through his voice.
Walking forward, she lightly tapped both boys on the shoulder as she strode past, commenting before she left not to stand there and stare, compliment her. Both broke out of their daze blushing slightly. It was Steve who cleared his throat first, trying to find some words to fit how he felt at that moment.
Smiling to herself, and seeing the business red head step out of the dressing room, she quickly walked over to Natasha's dressing room, letting her know she's left them outside. Waiting for a quite 'thank you.' she then turned to see what the other red head was doing. The business Red head was admiring herself in the mirror when Kitana walked over there.
Deciding to risk it, she turned in her seat and saw him standing closer than he was before. Putting a smile on her face, she tapped Steve's hand and pointed him out.
A large grin came upon his face as he remembers the red headed and green-eyed girl he'd knocked into a month ago. Reading the text again, he cocked his eye brow up at some things.
"I have money, enough that I don't care which hotel I go to and it doesn't matter where it is, although I'd prefer somewhere that isn't in a bad neighbourhood." Her arms uncrossed from their position and she motioned to the alley way opening, raising her eye brow as if to say
Kitana heard the whole conversation that Pepper had with Tony. She wasn't happy with the secretary especially with what she was trying to insinuate throughout the whole phone call, about her nor about Tony. And she didn't like how she treated him. He was her boss, payed her wage and was paying for the outfits for both her and Natasha. The least she could be doing is be a little more appreciative. When the end of the conversation came, and Pepper just hung up on him, the coat hander that was in her hands as she eavesdropped was no longer straight afterwards. Snapping out of it when they both turned to walk over to the till, she plastered a smile on her face as they both came up to the counter.
"That sounds perfect Steve, you don't have to worry. That sounds great. I think I'm going to wear that strapless red and black dress. The one with the red satin underlay and the black netting over the top and the red satin belt around the middle. It comes to about mid-thigh length and flared out after the belt and it's perfect for a party. What do you think?" she got lost in her own world, mentally picturing what she was going to look like in that dress and she didn't notice Steve looking at her with an indulgent smile.
His speech turned rant lasted a long and from the beginning he let everything that he'd been thinking for a while now, get off his chest. She just stood there gaping at him, not believing he'd fire her and then say all those things about her.
"Fine, but then you'll have to explain what your wearing. And if anything I've heard about your parties is true, I hope you're still wearing them by the time the parties over." to try and get away from her slightly blush, she chose to tease Tony and Steve let out a throaty laugh.
"Don't worry, I don't want anything from you. I don't like being bribed or bought because of something I did or saw." His face she said this was shock, covered by curiosity.
She didn't look impressed, and just crossed her arms, staring him down with one eye brow raised. He noticed her gaze and stopped laughing. He stared back at her and looked her up and down as if noticing there was more to her than just her head. He gave a roughish grin as he noticed her short stature, legs elongated by heels and showed off by tights and a semi short skirt. A white vest was under an off he shoulders ripped black top and her bag was on both shoulders.
Peppers voice sounded exasperated as she answered the phone. Smiling an even bigger smile, he started out very cheerful.
"And I said yes, I know where Stark Tower is of course, but I didn't fancy walking into a room full of people I didn't know, finding none of the people I did know and not having a good time when it Steve's birthday and leaving early, which would of course be very rude to the host." the last part said in mock seriousness, with the underlying sarcasm present and both of her companions cracked a smile at her. Not noticing, that Tony kept eyeing Steve in a particular way and then looking back at her, she turned her head when someone walked up to their table.
Her eyebrow raised as she realized he was checking her out, again and she looked him over. He was wearing a pair of black jeans along with boots so they were tucked in and a plain but smartish black shirt, not tucked into his trousers. Over the top was a suit jacket left undone and his trademark sunglasses were on top of his head.
"I was shocked too. First Kiss? I think my exact words were...
"I know you said not to get you anything but I wanted to. I got you a tradition card, because I know you'll like to keep it as a memento. And you present comes in two parts. I already arranged for Jarvis to set up part 2 while were getting ready and here is part one." she handed him an envelope that clearly had the card in as well as another smaller envelope. Opening the smaller one, his curiosity was peaked and it turned into slight shock at what two things fell out into his hand. One was a voucher for his favourite art shop, which he knew he would be going in soon and the second one was an invitation to go see a film he hadn't seen since before the war performed on stage. He had mentioned it to her one day that he'd been trying to find it but didn't want to ask or help. Kitana obviously had some money behind her as well as the know-how and the magic to do these things and she found out that it was going to be performed on stage for the first time and she got him tickets as well as two others so he could bring guests, as well as flight tickets there and hotel rooms and after the performance she gets to meet the author, who is surprisingly still alive and the play writer. It all meant so much to him because it was the last thing him and Bucky had been able to do before they both eventually went to war.
"You can wear what you like, you know that. It's a party, a Tony Stark party at that, so whatever you wear, you'll look nice and you don't have to worry about fitting in. I'm going to wear those black skinny jeans you made me buy last week along with a white vest and the red and black checked shirt but leave it un done. How does that sound?" he sounded slightly nervous as he finished, wanting to know her expert opinion on what he wanted to wear.
"Well, do you want to start getting ready? I have everything I need in this bag, where's your stuff?" Kitana walked over to the bed where her bag lay and started to pull things and laying them on the bed. Luckily, with magic, the dress hadn't creased but hopefully Natasha will just think it's just that type of material that doesn't crease. On the bed lay a red sating with black lace overlay short strapless dress and the black strappy heels lay on the floor next to the dress. She had decided to wear skin tights because then she'd show off their shape better. Seeing Natasha raise and appraising eye over her and then the dress she tried her hardest not to fidget as she waited to see what her opinion was.
In front of her was a large room with an adjoining kitchen just as large as the living room. Three leather 3 seater Sofas were placed around the room, all facing a rather large wall with an equally as large TV hanging on it. 2 recliner leather chairs joined these as well as a few beanbags randomly places around. Near the ceiling, a hammock was hung, also in a place where the person in it could see the TV. The wall with a window on it wasn't a wall at all but glass, probably with the effect of you can see out and no one can see in, just like down stairs. A glass coffee table stood in front of two sofas and one chair and underneath that was a very fluffy and soft looking black rug. The kitchen was opposite the TV, an archway leading to it. A marble countertop was in the middle and all the appliances were around the edge, creating an island. At least 8 stools were around the marble countertop and another smaller table was in the corner with two more stools placed there.
"She won't be? Why? Did she quit?" Steve sounded so surprised that Kitana realized that he actually didn't know anything about it.
"Hello, I hope you don't mind that Tony decided we should get changed together." Kitana's voice was soft but strong, not showing any of the nervousness she had in her mind, hoping that she hadn't though wrong on the fact of Natasha liking her.
"Whoa, information overload." She took one look at his grinning face and couldn't help but let loose a laugh. There was nothing really funny, but his smile was infectious and she just felt like laughing at the same time.
"For your information, I got a text from Kitana, saying she'd just met the both of you and how nice you both were. She also said she'd helped you pick out outfits for the both of you and that I should come in when the men's sections up and running in a couple of weeks. I was just ringing you up to tell me what you think of the shop and of Kitana." he sounded happy enough to her ears but because it was his voice, he could tell it was fake.
"Is everything to your liking?" she had to ask, as it was only polite, although she had a feeling that if it wasn't alright then she'd know about it by now.
Nodding in her direction as a hello Natasha replied back to her, a slight accent in her voice showing to people who know her that she felt comfortable around her. "It's fine, I was the one who suggested it when Tony mentioned you may be coming to the party. I don't have many girl friends to hang out with." she said this with no unhappy emotion in her voice or her posture but to the trained eye, you could see a glimmer of it in her eyes but a second later it was gone. Kitana noticed but didn't say anything while smiling over at her.
she hung up before he could say anything more and his hand clenched around the screwdriver lying uselessly in his hands before throwing it down on the table in front of him.
His gaze seemed to stay on her legs and she lightly smacked his arm, growling slightly. "My eyes, are up here!" His eyes slowly went up to hers and he didn't seem the least bit embarrassed at being caught staring.
"Sorry Peps, not going to work. You can still attend the party, and finish up any business that you were going to tonight and then you can get a head start on trying to find some place to work and probably some other place to live. Alright? Nothing's going to change my mind Pepper. I've been wanting to do this for months, but you haven't really given me any reason to until the last few days. Oh, and that woman you so carelessly insulted minutes ago? Yeh, you and she are a lot alike in many ways. Your hair, whereas yours is natural but her is dyed and looks better than yours ever has. Your eyes are both green but whereas yours are paler green, hers are like sparkling emeralds in the sunlight. Your both powerful women, but you use yours to get your head above other people, making them think there lower than you and that you are above everyone you meet just because of who you work for. Kitana doesn't. She lets people do what they want but she gives them advice on what she thinks but doesn't force her opinion on them, like you. But you are very different too. She's a way better person than you will ever be and would never slander someone or insult them as you have her in the last two days ever in her life without apologizing. Now, go to where your stuff is and start getting ready for the party. Kitana should be arriving any minute now to get ready and since her, Steve and myself are all going to be entering all at once tonight, I need to make sure everything's in place." Making a shooing motion, he turned her back on her without waiting for an answer or a reaction and started walking off towards the elevator to go wait for Kitana in the lobby. With him never turning his back, Tony never saw her glaring daggers in his back and clenching her fists in anger.
And Thor, one of the few men he looked up to, so inherently good, it was maddening sometimes. He admired the immense strength, bravery and optimism but Thor was also so humble and never looked down on anyone. The Ultron accident had been a bump in their friendship. He missed the way their friendship just worked so easily.
“Noo….. I- Tony…” Steve hiccupped, “my- my arm… it hurts so bad.” Steve started sobbing again.
If you have any ideas for stories let me know, just dm me on Twitter (troyesroyals) or Tumblr (onlyangellgbt)!
----------------
'No comment!' Pepper Potts, CEO of SI, about the brand new armour
Steve huffed a little laugh in response, he had gone completely boneless under Tony's ministrations.
He was laying a little broken on his bed, bruises all over and maybe some sprained bones. He had had a long day fighting with the New Avengers, they had been sent out on a mission in Europe. Halfway through the battle, Friday had informed him that the Rogues were keeping an eye on the situation from a distance. That had totally distracted him and he had been thrown into the side of a building, hence the bruises and sprained...everything probably. Tony groaned and sat up.
“I love it already,” Tony whispered against Steve’s chest.
This prompted an unexpected snort from Steve, “Yet huh?”
Steve turned towards Tony and held up his left arm and settled his right hand on Tony's shoulder. Tony hesitated and was biting his lip. Tony was looking down so Steve couldn’t look into Tony’s eyes to see what was going on, but his tense shoulders were enough to know Tony was feeling anxious. Steve changed his position from his hands to cup Tony's neck and massaged his shoulder a little.
----------
“It hurts, Tony.” Steve had moaned from the pain, which was saying something since he usually denied anything hurting him unless he was alone with Bucky or Tony. Rhodey had silently slipped out of the room when he saw Tony was handling it okay with the assistance from Bucky.
“Okay, I get that. Are you both going back into therapy? It’s traumatic what you went through.”
-------------------
“I’m sorry Steve, I can imagine it does, but it will get better, I promise sweetheart.” Tony had said while combing his fingers through Steve’s hair. Steve had refused to eat because he was nauseous from the pain, which was not great with his metabolism.
“I know Tony, thank you. I love you too, so much.” Steve’s voice quivered and new tears formed in his eyes, which Tony whipped away.
"All those champagne socialists, yeah, very exhausting, right? To be one as well." Steve smiled playfully at Tony scrambling his confidence together and hoping that Tony would laugh at his joke.
I hope you enjoyed it! Please leave a comment if you did, I'll definitely reply!
Several kilometres away they landed and walked back circuitous to avoid being followed to their cabin. Steve seemed to limp and Tony slipped his arm around the man’s back gingerly.
And, on top of that, Fury had asked Tony to make Steve a black stealth suit, similar to The Metal Crusador. Tony had shot the three a filthy look, grumbled his agreement after having a staredown with Fury and stormed out of the office.
“Are you going to be okay?”
“No, no, don’t worry. I was just thinking about...you know? It’s been a rough few weeks. The distraction is nice and all, I’m glad to be back doing what I love, but it just hit me what happened I guess?” Tony explained. Pepper sat down on his desk and took his hand and squeezed it softly.
Suddenly Tony seemed nervous.
"Thanks,” Steve said, “not getting time to practise my dance skills doesn't help with formal events like these," Steve said softly.
'Have you danced already?'
'You wanna look good for your man?' Sam shot him a knowing smirk.
After a week in the hospital, the pain turned manageable and while Steve hadn’t eaten much and lost weight, he was allowed to go home. He still looked beaten up, his ribs were visible, his cheekbones were even more pronounced, he stumbled because he turned so weak from the exhaustion and hunger, his eyes were filled with pain and anxiety. He also hadn’t shaved so a stubble was forming, pronouncing the thin look of Steve’s face even more. His under eyes looked purple and his skin looked still sickly pale.
“Oh my, some of those businessmen can be such assholes. I can’t believe why I put up with them. I’m gonna consider breaking contract with them if they keep up this behaviour!” She came in ranting.
“Cap, we should pull back, retreat and make up a plan. We didn’t come here to fight people!”
Tony Stark changes up his game
“Do you want to go to our favourite restaurant? Or something else this time?”
“Oh my, I am an idiot….” Tony sighed and rubbed his face leaving grease stains of his cheeks.
Steve disappeared again and returned with a strip of the Beta-blockers he took. He hated them at first because of the fatigue and weight gain. His hands and feet had always been cold so that did not change much, except for him being cold almost permanently now. Steve had a worried frown on his face.
The big oblivious blonde man who was too handsome and funny for his own good. Steve felt like safety, Steve cared, Steve dragged him upstairs for food, team bonding and was his pillow for when he fell asleep halfway into movie night.
He heard footsteps fading away and exhaled, Steve always got on his nerves, despite him trying to give Tony space.
'Tony! Where are you? Come immediately here or god help me I'll drag you here myself!'
“I don’t know they just appeared out of thin air. They had guns, knives, spears.”
“Eeuhm… yes?”
Clint, Wanda and Scott seemed to stand apart from the four. Clint shot him a regretful and grateful look.
“Yeah...yeah sure!” Steve said a little too loud while looking puzzled.
Steve took the drink out of Tony's hand and grabbed his hand and laced their fingers together.
“Tony…”
“Yes, I am sure, otherwise I would not have invited you.” Tony looked at him earnestly with his big, Bambi-like, eyes.
“Honestly, no problem. Kinda my job as a “futurist” to help you, right?” Tony looked happily at him.
Tony looked Steve in the eyes and several emotions seemed to flicker through the smaller man’s eyes. Realization, sadness, and determination Steve thought he could see in the dark brown eyes. Steve felt nervous all of a sudden and pulled away from their dancing position, he felt his cheeks flush in shame.
Together they went up to the communal room where the rest of the team was already halfway through dinner. Bucky scooped two plates and moved them to the two empty seats beside him. Bucky squeezed Steve’s thigh softly and then went back to his conversation with Thor.
“Come on, let’s get another drink, Steve!”
Nick Fury, Maria Hill and Phil Coulson had returned as the leaders of the Avengers, new and old. Those three had collectively decided to send Tony and Steve, together, on a stealth mission. Tony suspected some conspiring between the three and the others from the Avengers team. Steve had looked apologetically and guilty but he did not hesitate to agree to the mission.
Tony Stark had entered the room. The group parted and the smaller man stepped into the room. He wore the brightest smile on his face, he wore red-tinted glasses with black frames, his goatee was meticulous, his hair wasn't as long and black as it used to be, it had slivers of grey and it was styled up and out of his face. Tony was wearing a three-piece suit, a white blouse, a dark blue vest with an embroidered outline red star and a matching dark blue jacket and pants.
Rhodey and Pepper released Tony and Rhodey steered him to the chair and sat beside him. They watched him eat, while they were sipping their coffee.
-----------
“Well, I’m sorry, I only got one lesson which was eleven years ago. Despite it being from a great man, I was busy doing something else between then and now, so excuse me if I forgot something.” Steve sassed back.
Tony snorted and rolled over into Steve’s side, with his head buried in the taller man’s neck. Steve planted a soft kiss into the thick, coarse, black hair.
Steve had just settled into his bedroom when he heard the way too familiar clang of metal. He looked outside and saw that Tony had landed on the landing platform. He saw Tony tap the arc reactor and the armour peeled off of him in the most captivating way, it felt like intruding on someone, who was very vulnerable, taking off their mask and revealing how they really felt. All Steve saw was an extremely exhausted man, like everything ached. Someone who was in need of relief of all that pain and just didn't know where to search for it anymore. A man who had accepted the permanent pain as just a side-effect of life.
Steve huffed, “And you think you’re the only sassy friend I have? I’ll have to introduce you to them then.”
“Tony, it’s Steve. Its Thursday morning, four in the morning, we’re in the highlands of China, West-China. You’re only with me, Steve Rogers, in a wooden cabin. We’re safe. You are safe. Focus on my voice Tony, I want to help you.”
Tony wore a vest and trousers, black and grey with orange stitching. It was an undersuit for the armour but not obviously. He also wore his new glasses, E.D.I.T.H., and he had the arc reactor with black armour nanotechnology in it. Despite it all he felt anxious and jittery when Friday announced the arrival of them to the compound in ten minutes.
“No problem sweetheart, I’m always gonna try to be there for you. Now go to sleep.”
He just wished it did the same for the deep ache in him which longed for a friendly touch, some encouraging and comforting words. He pushed those feelings rapidly to the side, there was no space or time to grief or pity himself for messing up another friendship.
Tony had this gut feeling that something was wrong. He did not know what to expect though. The base seemed desolate, it was on the side of a mountain, a mix of royal and sober-looking floors, hidden away from civilian life and no obvious arrival routes to it. It was hidden by the forest surrounding it. The atmosphere was plain unnerving. Steve was doing surveillance from the ground, as best as he could with no roads, and Tony from at air with help from Friday.
“Cap, status?!” He barked out and taking off at top speed to Steve’s last location. Flying there he only heard the distinct clanging of the shield and groans when Steve was probably punching his attackers. Tony fired multiple of his explosives at the attackers. They did not have a back-up so they needed to be careful. Tony spared a glance at Steve and the suit fitted him so well, he really was a genius for designing a better fitting suit and now in black, all the sharp edges of Steve’s immaculate body got enhanced. In this dark forest, he could barely see Steve, just flitting past and swinging the completely painted black shield. He seemed a little off but it didn’t perturb Tony much. He nearly got hit in the head with a weapon which looked like a butcher’s knife and the knifes flying at him wedged themselves in the trees, some nearly being cut down because of that.
'You been enjoying your evening so far?' Looking very earnestly at him.
2 months later
'Steve, you're totally not following the rhythm. Did you not remember anything from my single lesson eleven years ago?' Tony lifted his head from Steve's shoulder and looked at him with a smug smile.
'Eeuhm? No, I haven't?'
Steve looked at him like he spoke in a language he could not comprehend but also a little relieved. Tony busied himself with getting out the first-aid kit while Steve stripped out of the sinfully tight black suit, there were indentations of the seems all over his body.
'Wait, Steve, come back. We think he does like you, just try Steve? Please? You like him and he has been obviously flirting with you again!'
Tony found some odd energy waves coming from the base. Before he got to warn Steve he heard gunshots and explosions.
Tony took a steady breath and rattled off his practised speech. When he was done he shaking breathed out and turned around and stalked back to his floor, leaving The Rogues behind with his friends. He trusted them to finish it. He needed a flight in the armour.
“Shall we go back to dancing than, Mister Rogers?”
--------------
Steve could really say he and Tony had become great friends and Steve couldn't be happier that Tony was finally back in his life after 7 years
'Thank you, Steve. Yes, I am- I mean, we are allowed to enjoy ourselves. No guilt and we're safe.' Whispered Tony against the soft black velvet of Steve's jacket. Tony didn’t sound so sure but at least he tried to convince himself.
“Did you just ask me really what I think you asked me?”
'Let's pack, guys. We have a meeting with the King in a few days and Steve, you need to see your buddy and Sam you need to stress bake some cookies and cake for that meeting. Be at the jet in 30 minutes." Natasha folded the newspaper and went into her room to pack her bags, remove any trace of her stay there and pack the leftover of food. 45 minutes later they were on their way to Wakanda.
'He is not my man.' Steve muttered and started walking away, it was too painful to talk about, still.
“I won’t bother you, I promise.”
Steve felt his blush turn him nearly completely red like a tomato. He silently wished he could get tipsy to work up more courage to do this, but well…
'Friday, run diagnostics please on the armour. I'm gonna go to bed.'
“Sorry, we couldn’t hold him anymore,” Bucky said shrugging helplessly.
Tony tensed up, Steve hadn’t left the shop and Tony had let his facade slip, Tony wanted to thunk his head against a wall. Finally, he heard the swishing of the shop’s door closing.
'Don't pull on my jacket, jerk!'
“Yes, Steve, of course! I would absolutely love that!”
After their fight all that disappeared and Steve kept up this facade, he had been fine, but could not just be anymore. He needed to be the leader of a group of people who chose his side and he couldn't back down anymore. He had been so confused and there seemed no way out with the route he had picked. He had chosen to fight for Bucky and a level of freedom,  apart from the USA Government. He was all alone in his decision, even though he wasn't so sure anymore about it. He had admitted to Tony that he should have been more open about his struggles with losing so many people around him and hadn't seen how he could have influenced the Accords with amendments.
And, Bruce and Thor. He missed those two a lot. Ever since Ultron he hadn't seen those two. Tony knew Bruce needed his space so he wasn't tracking him. He missed playing around with Bruce in the lab and going for the impossible. Bruce wasn't scared, as most assumed. He was shy, but not with Tony. They knew they would never hurt each other, their mutual respect was too big to ever let that happen. They would protect each other and defend each other’s points, Bruce a little more from the sideline, while Tony was loud and vocal about it.
Tony sat in his chair, spinning around, in his office from Stark Industries. He had two more meetings and than he could go home. It was just past lunchtime, the wrappers from his Subway sandwich were on the corner from his oak desk. It was a grey rainy day, looming clouds were passing by the skyscraper buildings. The office was the only place in the whole office building which felt like his place, the rest felt like an abandoned lonely building. It was efficient though. Tony was looking at one of the holograms, displaying the last released model of the Stark Phone, Tablet and Computer. He had also released some new papers about regenerative and restorative plans for the environment and his new department had just sent the updated version of the limb prosthetics. It still was not from the quality he desired, although it was getting there. He planned on figuring it out himself this weekend and letting the R&D department for the prosthetic limbs build prototypes, somewhere next week.
“You don’t have to pity me, Tony. I’ll just go now…”Steve trailed off and walked away towards the bar again.
Steve felt like he would actually die on the spot, but if he did not ask Tony now he would never.
"No, of course not. It's just dancing together, not our first dance after marriage, we’re not together, and these people are too busy with themselves to care about two men dancing together." Tony looked convinced.
“After lunch, it’s no infection. Sam told me it could be phantom pain.” Steve told him when he had calmed down a little. Steve was clasping the residual limb, it got amputated above the elbow.
“No, wait, Steve, I didn’t…” Steve felt Tony’s hand clasp the sleeve of his velvet suit. Steve looked over his shoulder at Tony and felt his heart speed up when he saw how expressive and open Tony looked. The light was enhancing his already flawless face and styled facial hair. It took Steve’s breath away for a minute.
After that, they focused on the two meetings left and four hours later Tony left the building. The text from Steve had only been an “I miss you and how are you doing” text, which Tony answered just before going into his third meeting of the day. Now, it was 5 pm, and he was on his way to the Tower, with Pepper. He texted Steve he would be in his workshop finishing up some papers and other minor tasks before going up to have dinner.
'No, no one, yet. And you should know I'm not the greatest dancer.'
Steve could only roll his eyes at the man's teasing comment.
They looked extremely neutral about it all. Sam shot him a look which Tony interpreted as an 'I want to talk, please?'-look and Bucky's face did something complicated, regret, relief, shame, guilt. It was a weird mix and Tony would definitely talk to him if he wanted to.
What does the black armour mean?
"This bathroom is tiny, how do you want me to do that with you taking up the leftover space, genius?"
“That’s a great beginning. I like the sound of Partner in crime more, although that suggests we would be the bad guys, which, obviously, we’re not.” Tony rambled on, while Steve changed the positions of his hands in the pose he wanted. He slid his right hand to Tony’s shoulder and grabbed Tony’s right hand, so they were standing in the classic ballroom position.
“I’ll get you a glass of water.” He heard Steve whisper and then heard his footsteps leaving his room. Tony zoned out a for minute focusing on himself and grounding himself. The tips from his therapist had helped a little at times like this.
The Avengers were at a fundraising gala for the repair costs of New York. It was several months after the Chitauri came pouring from the sky and they, the Avengers, had defeated them after a nerve-wracking battle, and Tony had flown a nuke into space. Tony had rebuilt the Avengers Tower, as it was now known as, and everyone had moved in. The six adults enjoyed living together, although it took several missions, team bonding training and movie nights to get there.
Steve was pulled out of his deep thoughts when Bucky pushed his drink in his hands and said something about dancing with Sam.
He popped 2 painkillers and Pepper entered his bedroom.
---------------
"Tony, I don't know what I'm doing! That’s the problem."
'Why would he give up his trademark gold and red armour?" Natasha asked. She was reading the newspaper in which a two-page article was published about the establishment of the Avengers, the downfall of S.H.I.E.L.D. and its connection to Hydra, the role of the Winter Soldier, Ultron and Sokovia, the airport fight and the role of the Accords in it and the New Avengers with "The Metal Crusader" as their leader. Basically a detailed timeline of the rise and fall of the Avengers, it was painful to read how her family had fallen apart but it was the truth. Natasha had no idea how to fix this, so she had asked King T'Challa for an in-depth explanation of the Accords, what they would sign for, what they could change with amendments afterwards and what their punishments would be if they would agree to go back.
“What do you think of Eart’s best defender? Or shellhead?”
A new message on his private phone came in, it was from Steve, which made Tony a little nervous. He was hoping for a neutral or positive message. It had been a month since he had been at Stark Industries the last time, because of their last mission.
“No, I would love to go to the City with you. Please, let’s get away and enjoy ourselves as you told me!”
“Steve, when did that start? It can’t be infected with the serum.” Tony felt his chest tighten from the anxiety over his boyfriend being in pain.
“That is what you think? That you would bother me with stuff like that?”
“Thank you, Tony, I’m sorry for bothering you, I really appreciate what you make.”
“Thank you, Tony. I hope you’ll enjoy yourself, I’ll make it worthwhile.”
“Are you sure? That’s your private space almost.” Steve asked a bit in shock, that Tony would offer him that.
The talks they had were eye-opening and they both felt relieved mostly. They also clashed, of course, they still did not agree about some tactics in battle they used, but they could let it be now.
"Okay, first of all, you're so wrong. Second of all, breathe, please? Third of all, let's get you fixed up and then we'll talk about everything you just said. If we don't do it now it will only get harder and talking now may prevent others, worse things from happening."
Tony gaped at the broad man standing in a too-small bathroom.
“Let’s go on Sunday, okay?” Tony asked softly with the fondest smile on his face Steve had ever seen.
Tony slipped further under the blankets, into Steve's arms, and let their noses just touch, breathing the same air.
“Are you okay, Tony? Did something happen?” A worried look came over her.
“What do you want?”
“You’re in pain,” Tony noted as if it didn’t worry him.
“Will you get the medication from the bathroom for me, please? Better take it now instead of forgetting again.” Tony asked as soon as Steve had returned with a glass of water.
“Yeah! It’s me, Tony. Come on, take some deep breaths. In and out.” Steve kept up his rambling about factual stuff.
Tony gaped at Steve for a minute and then seemed to collect himself in seconds and grinned at him.
“Well, yeah actually I found this hole in the wall in New York City, so I thought we could drive there and go to this hotel, go to that restaurant and stay at the hotel in the city for one night. If it’s too much just tell me, I won’t mind.” Steve said hesitantly.
“Steve I....”
Tony shot Pepper an apologetic look which Pepper just disregarded. They worked another hour and Steve seemed to fluctuate heavily between crying, build up energy and frustration, defeat and an intense need for comfort. Tony did not acknowledge Steve’s tears except for rubbing comforting circles onto his hand and thighs when he had his right hand free. Pepper left for the communal kitchen to eat with the team, while Tony stayed behind with Steve.
“Don’t worry for a minute, I’m very sure about this going well and I’m not sure about much.”
Natasha, Steve and Sam were sitting around the table in their dingy apartment in Budapest. They had been travelling around Europe for a while now. They could always return to Wakanda and Steve did so often, mostly to visit Bucky. He felt too restless to sit still however, so usually, he disappeared again after a week.
Steve saw people gathering around the entrance, people were shaking hands and talking amicably, giving hugs and clapping. That could only be one person really.
It took Steve's breath away for a minute. Steve had his beard again, his hair was longer again, a turtleneck shirt with a black velvet jacket and pants. His dog tags dangling off his neck and wearing some rings.
He heard the door open and footsteps approaching.
'Ha, thanks for that vote of confidence baby girl.'
"Okay, if you're sure." Steve knew Bucky would want him to take this chance, so he did.
“If that’s the plan than I am sure you’ll be fine. Steve will get the first model of your prosthetics line knowing you, Bucky and Sam will help him and the rest of the team of course. And, I’ve been thinking about this for years for you, but I never got around to finding the right moment, maybe a service dog could help both of you?” Pepper asked with a soft smile on her face.
For the first time in a long, long time they both felt at peace. They shared a feeling about something, something extremely personal and deep-rooted. It wasn't something positive, far from it even, but it was something. And now they could move forward, struggling, but it was struggling together and that made the future seem a little lighter, brighter and more hopeful. That night they ended up in the same bed, both laying on their sides just talking softly and smiling a little. Tony admired the blue eyes of Steve, his sunshine bright smile and deep rumbling laughter. Tony hadn't dared to hope of ever having the privilege of hearing that again. Tony hoped he was reading all the signs right and let the urge of tracing Steve's face with his finger up. Steve closed his eyes and sighed, relaxing into the mattress and pillows of their bed. Tony cupped Steve's jaw, scratching the beard a little.
Tony clasped his hands behind Steve’s back and let his head lean against Steve’s collarbone.
5 months later
The stereotypical mysterious Russian spy, who was actually so soft at her core and he could have the best moments with her during sparring, movie nights or team dinners. Nat had been like the younger sister he wished he had had.
“You're doing great for a beginner than, don’t worry my Captain! Never thought I would be leading Captain America." Tony said teasingly with a small cocky smile on his face.
Iron man replaced by black armour!
“Exactly, everything for my boyfriend. I’ll become an expert for him on anything.” Tony wiggled his eyebrows when Steve looked at him with his red-rimmed eyes and tear-stained cheeks. Tony cupped his face and gave a kiss to his forehead and then his nose and then a lingering kiss on the lips.
'I wouldn't risk it, Tony, she is serious!' Tony heard Pepper and Rhodey screaming.
“Did he tell you how to solve it as well? I am not an expert on all of this yet.”
He dressed in some blue skinny jeans, a black sabbath short-sleeved shirt and a grey sweater. He shuffled into the kitchen where Rhodey handed him a glass of water and pointed at one of the chairs at the dining table, a cup of coffee stood next to a plate with a sandwich with scrambled eggs and a bowl of yoghurt with cranberries on top and some syrup.
Steve had just taken a sip from his drink and almost coughed it straight up, luckily his freaky strong control on himself prevented that.
-------------
Clint, what even could he say about that man. Equally snarky, equally good at seeing danger in battles, they worked so well together, however when they needed their downtime they always stuck together. Clint could take out his hearing-aids and would hang around in the corners of Tony's lab, the high ceilings were much appreciated by that man. Tony could just brainstorm and once in a while, Clint would sign something to get Tony further in the improvement of the team's equipment. Clint didn't understand everything, he could ask just the right questions however and the right time.
Some of the tension seemed to be gone from his body language though now that he had returned home. Those following three weeks had been immensely hard for Steve, with Tony close by his side it had been doable though. All the frustrations from the things he couldn’t do anymore had been eating away at his usual determined and light-hearted boyfriend. All the therapy he had gone through because of survivors guilt, ending up in the future, no sense of purpose except being a soldier and his ever-present PTSD, seemed to be undone. The nightmares had returned, the days he wouldn’t come out of his bed, anger issues, the tremors because of his anxiety. The arm had healed nicely but mentally Steve had taken a big hit, again. And that did not even take into account the phantom pain yet.
“Thanks, Pep. I’ll definitely do some research into that and yeah, we’ll be alright, just going to take a while.” Tony sighed.
“Yeah? You don’t want to reconcile with me, you’ve made that pretty clear over the past few months and I get it. I am a fucking idiot and shouldn’t have been keeping secret about anything. And then also Peggy passing away, I was feeling so bad, it all just collided and you took the brunt of it. I just had my best friend back and thought we could prevent these winter soldiers from escaping and then that happened. I'm so sorry but I'll leave you alone, you don't have to reconcile with me if you never want to. I'll deal with it." Steve sucked in a breath and squeezed his eyes shut and balled up his fists.
“Okay, yeah.” Tony heard Steve mumble against his shoulder.
“Thank you, Tony. I couldn’t do this without you.” Steve mumbled sleepily and boneless laying in the soft clean bedsheets.
Tony was just going through some paperwork when the doors to his workshop opened and he felt a body collide against his back and one arm wrap around his waist grabbing a fistful of his shirt. He got the wind knocked out of him and when he turned around he saw Sam and Bucky standing in the door opening looking apologetic and sheepish.
'Of course sir, Monday you have a gap for a consult with an undertaker?'
'I love you platypus.' He kissed the taller man's cheek and wrapped his arms around the man's waist. Tony tucked his face into Rhodey's neck and took some deep breaths. He felt another pair of arms wrapping around him from the back, Pepper, and a soft kiss on his shoulder blade. It soothed the deep ache for a few minutes and he was so grateful to have his two guardian angels still with him, but god, did he miss his other friends.
Rhodey, Peter and Pepper followed him to the landing platforms for the jets. He nervously wrapped his hands behind his back, the presence of Pepper and Rhodey on his side helped a little. Peter stood in front of Rhodey and shot a nervous and excited glance to Tony. Vision landed behind Tony and laid a hand on his shoulder.
“Goodnight,” Steve whispered.
Tony looked up at his two friends, the only two he would always look in the eyes and be honest with.
'Exactly.' Steve whispered and he started swaying softly from left to right and still rubbing the nape of Tony's neck, careful of the scars, which were sensitive at times. Tony's right shoulder was always tense and muscle spasms were becoming a weekly occurrence Steve knew. And Tony's left arm occasionally got numb if the stress got too high. Tony deserved the support he got, no doubt about it for Steve.
"Are you sure? Pepper and the PR team won't mind? "
'Friday, plan my funeral please.'
He shifted his eyes to the red-head, now turned platinum-blonde. He felt himself starting to slip on his self-control, seeing that honest, relieved expression on Nat's face was like a punch in the gut. He felt a wave of sadness coming over him. He shot her a quick smile and moved on to Sam and Bucky walking behind them.
Carol and Maria were laughing together about a joke Thor told. Thor had become fat but had shaved his beard and cut his hair short. He looked absolutely glorious and happy now that he had given his reign to Valkyrie. Bruce was also standing with them and he hadn't looked this relaxed at gala ever, Steve thought. Valkyrie was at the table with Shuri, T'Challa. They all had satisfied grins on their faces. Sam and Bucky were swaying together on the dance floor. Nat was standing at the bar with Okoye. Nat had confided into Steve about her crush on Okoye and it seemed Okoye was flirting back if the blush on Nat's face wasn't just heat and makeup.
This plot came to my mind because of the lovely pineapplebread (Twitter, Tumblr and Instagram), please look up her amazing art. She made this piece of Steve and Tony in these gorgeous suits and well... this happened. I hope it does justice to the artwork!
“It would be an honour.” Steve smiled, feeling positively hopeful and actually happy in ages. He took Tony’s offered hand and thoroughly enjoyed the rest of the evening with Tony, drinks, and talking to other people.
It felt good to have his friend matching with him and having him back flying by his side. Rhodey was determined to get Tony to enjoy flying again and Tony was determined to get Rhodey to enjoy flying again, maybe not healthy to deal with it like that, but hey, it worked.
Tony had to return to his work at some point though. Which was today, an arbitrary Tuesday, stocked with meetings. He had arrived at 8.30 am and he had had two other meetings already. When he left in the morning Steve had clung to him as if he was his lifeline. Bucky and Sam had arrived several minutes later so they could distract Steve, leaving him alone was the worst possible plan, so there they were. They had planned to make a big breakfast, lunch and dinner together and watch some movies. They also offered to do some stretching exercises with Steve. Tony wondered if that had succeeded knowing how passive and stubborn Steve had become. Bucky had held Steve back from running after his boyfriend and Sam had pushed Tony out the door before he would succumb to the kicked puppy-eyes from Steve, which were shining with tears.
“Do you feel up to eat something?”
“I love you, Steve. For you, I would do anything to make you happy.”
Steve grunted an agreement and swiftly Tony swept the taller man up and away, protecting him from the flying knives.
'Come on Steve!' Steve turned around and saw Bucky and Sam standing hand in hand. They wore matching suits, Bucky a very dark blue and Sam wearing a dark purple. They looked so happy and handsome and Steve felt happy for them.
After several minutes Tony seemed to release the tension in his body. He sucked in air desperately. He slumped against the headboard and dropped his head in his hands.
“Here, the suit, try it, go spare with Terminator, Thor and Nat and see if it works well enough.” Tony turned around not sparring Steve a glance.
“Well, that went smooth. You go first!”
'Friday let them in, please.'
Steve let himself be steered towards the couch where he normally would be sitting to draw. It hit Tony that Steve couldn’t draw anymore, he was right-handed. He pushed that idea out of the way and comforted himself with the thought that he could draw with his prosthetic or left-hand.
“Wow, at least you learned to be sassy in those eleven years. Apparently I did do something right!” Tony said.
After several minutes of coaxing Steve had let up a little and started breathing as Bucky instructed him to, which helped.
"All correct. Now, onto other things. Has Steve told you about the part tomorrow, partly in his honour might I tell you, and has he invited you?" Tony took control once more, just liked he's used to doing.
"Kitana! I've just come down to wait for you, how long have you been standing here? "He walked as fast as he could without running and eloped her in a hug which lasted longer than both would care to admit, neither wanting to let each other go. Because they were in public, they did eventually let go just so no one would notice the long exchange and gossip to the wrong people about it.
"Yes, sir. Welcome back, I take it this is the Kitana Potter that you and Steve seem to like?" The slightly British robotic voice sounded throughout the lift and she jumped, spinning on the spot, stance defensive as she tried to see or sense where the voice was coming from.
"Oh god Tony, she has you pegged right down to the T!" he kept on laughing, not noticing the slightly glazed looks in both of theirs eyes as they watched him, both with small smiles on their faces.
"Tony? Hey, what do you need?"
"Kitana. You look... Absolutely amazing. I knew you were good at what you did, but I think you've outdone yourself this time." In the background Tony was nodding his head having regained some of his composure as he watched Steve blush like a love sick fool. Normally that would have bought a smile to his face, but now all it does is make his stomach churn with something foreign to Tony and for all his genius, he hasn't quite figured it out yet.
"I think I'll take you up on that offer. And this was I can see everyone reaction to what I'm wearing before the party, in case you don't like it or think it's too... Revealing so I can modify it or change completely." She grinned at the both of them, taking a sip out of her wine glass. She'd ordered the Chinese chicken salad as usual and a glass of Rose wine. She thought she'd treat herself and she felt as if she was going to need it when having dinner with both of these men.
"Of course, I'll come! But I am going to buy you a card and a gift. Now what should I wear?" Pepper and Natasha could no longer hear them as they talked because they were walking off down the road towards a small cafe on the corner of the street.
"Pepper will not be getting dressed with them. As of Monday, she will no longer be working for Stark Industries." His voice held no emotion as such, but his face did. It held annoyance and anger and something else that neither of them could place.
"Hello Jarvis, its eh nice to meet you too." Kitana slowly replied, still looking over at Tony slightly quizzically. He noticed her stare and was just about to speak when the doors dinged and opened.
Someone calling her name jolted her out of her thoughts and she saw Tony in a suit casually walking over to her, grinning, no other emotion on his face portraying he was anything but happy as he walked towards her. But, she could sense some underlying anger as well as some smugness.
"No Pepper, if I was that desperate, I'd have to stoop as low as asking you, wouldn't I?" Tony's sarcasm reached its peak crossing the line from sarcasm to being cruel, but he didn't care. what she was saying inadvertently about Kitana was uncalled for and he won't stand for it. He knew he was a man whore, he accepted that, but insinuating that Kitana was easy if she got drunk made his blood boil. What he said wasn't nice but he'd had enough of the attitude that Pepper suddenly seemed to get over the last few month, pulling on every nerve he had, getting more and more demanding and bossy and thinking she knew what was best for both him and his company. Now, she was getting up in his face about a girl who she didn't even know and if he had his way, never would. Taken aback looking like she'd been slapped. "How could you say that to me! I've been nothing but kind to you, putting up with your childish behaviour for years now, doing all the work you should be doing for a lower pay than I should be working at, letting you walk all over me and hit on me anytime you want! I don't deserve any of this, I should quit!" She sounded so distraught throughout this but at the end, her voice contained a smug note, thinking he'd never let her quit or fire her, he needed her. She wasn't really upset, she just said all those things to make him feel bad and kiss up to her, all the while giving her a raise.
"Now both of you are done checking each other out, what are you doing here Tony?" Steve's voice was filled with laughter as both of them ducked their heads slightly to look at the other one. Clearing his throat, Tony started to speak.
"Yes Sir." his voice came again and though she jumped, it was only a small one this time.
She laughed aloud at the little stares they'd give each other, the slightly jealous look when the other one would complement her and the miffed look when she'd accidentally flirt with one and not the other.
"Yes, he's my boss. I'm his secretary. Is that a problem?" Pepper challenged her with her voice and she shook her head, a fake smile on her face while she was inwardly glaring at her.
"I said Tony was paying for us. It was his compensation for us only having one day to find outfits. And compared to what Stark enterprises makes in a few hours, this is a mere pittance. So, don't worry about it and find some accessories to match, anything you like. Tony's treat."She laughed at the end bvefore turning back to the row of accessories.
"Oh, no problem at all. It's just, I met him a month ago on my first day here and he gave me a ride to the hotel I was staying at. He even gave me his number and said if I ever needed anything, just to call him but I totally forgot I had it... Hmm..." her voice trailed off slightly, talking to herself more than the other two girls. The other two red heads looked at each other before turning back to her. Natasha headed back to the changing room to change, while Pepper headed over to the accessories, leaving Kitana to her thoughts.
She glared at him for a while longer but his grin didn't relent. Finally, she sighed slightly and slumped a little bit before offering him her name. "Kitana. Kitana Potter."
his voice was not back at happy but unless you concentrated you couldn't tell, but both the people at the table could pick up the tension in it.
"Oh, you mean Kitana's shop? She is pretty good at what she does, I've watched her when she's had several customers all wanting very different things and she's so collected that she can handle about 5 different things all at once and still match outfits together. I was just heading there now; we usually have lunch together around this time... Hey Kitana!" Steve had just spotted her over their head and bough his hand up in a half wave a smile on his face. Cancelling their call, she answered him with a smile and a wave of her own. Seeing the two-red head looks back at her, she couldn't help but grin when she saw the jealous look in Peppers eyes.
It was slightly tight and form fitting, but it had a fringe on the hips that came out 4 inches 3/4 of the way around the waist, except for the front in between where the hips would be. The actual skirt comes down to 3 inches above the knee, so it's modest yet flattering. It has short sleeves that flare out slightly and a straight neckline so it shows no cleavage off at all, even if bent over. Handing it over to her, she looked around her shop and walked quickly over to her bag display and quickly picked out two bags that would match. One being a dark blue clutch, with fake diamond like gems on it and it was made of satin. The other is a side bag, not much bigger than the clutch bag and made from the same material as well as colour but instead of gems, there was gold pieces. Walking back over to her, Kitana waited to get her opinion on the dress.
Natasha stood in the background, her dress draped cross her body elegantly, a smirk on her red lips as she watched Kitana blush from the obvious attraction from both men as well as their speechlessness.
"Yes, and what a pretty pair of eyes they are Red. I've just realized, you now know my name but I don't know yours, Green eyes! Care to indulge me in it, beautiful?" He winked at her even though she was glaring holes into his head.
"Tony? Just come over here, we can talk better then and you can join us for something to eat, god knows you don't eat enough sometimes." Steve hung up before getting an answer, staring him down until he walked over there. Steve stood up and pulled another chair across for him and he sat down looking slightly reluctant.
"Who do you think you are? Knocking me over then dragging me off into an alleyway just to kiss me, my first kiss! And you were talking about what you're going to do so I keep quiet! What does that even mean?" Her voice rose from annoyed too irate and he cringes back from her before her words kicked in and he looked incredulous.
"Hey Steve! Just let me grab a jacket and lock everything up and we can go to lunch." Smiling at his nod, she headed back into her store and noticed no one else was in there. Locking her till and grabbing her short leather jacket and side bag, she stopped to check if her purse was in there before going over to the alarm panel and setting it for 2 minutes, enough time for her to leave and lock the door too. Before locking the door, she turned a sign that said, "out to lunch." So that it was facing outwards. Hearing the doors lock on the inside as well, she turned to see Steve behind her, with both Pepper and Natasha watching them from down the street.
