"I dunno what the Hell you're going on about dude. But I can't be like the Dean you know. If you love him so much go to him." Deam flipped the blade in his hand and noticed the way the Angel's soft expression changed to one of frustration "You don't know me." Dean hissed out before lunging at the angel
Lucifer's wings flexed out and then in before settling as he stood there cross armed and glaring. His features softened slightly and he gave a tight nod when he noticed Castiel staring but said nothing.
Michael nodded, tried to smile. But he didn't know for sure if he was right. He had no idea if everything was /actually/ going to he ok or not, he didn't know if Dean would ever fully be ok.
He knew this day would come eventually. He had only prayed to whatever force was out there that it wouldn't be this soon.
"But magic, that's a dangerous thing and was banned from the lands long ago. How would you even find a-" Sam stopped short and his gaze whipped to meet Gabriel's "Witches don't exist anymore."
All of his Alpha training had come to a screeching halt and he had been switched to lessons on how to be a good Omega for whoever his future husband was going to be.
"As Mine." Crowley crowed from the darkest corner of the room he had been lurking in. His sudden voice made all the demons turn with wide black eyes and a chorus of gasps
"I'm not joking. I love you and seeing you, be well, you, I don't want it to ever go away. Now just fucking say yes before I change my mind about asking."
Everyone froze as the short bearded and grey winged King stepped in and strode up to the table. He looked around at the disheveled and food covered Princes, and his future son in law, still standing on the table and frozen with a guilty look.
"I can't tell you." Dean wasn't sure if he said it outloud or not but Castiel's concerned expression softened and a little sad smile tugged at the corners of his lips
Michael sent a silent prayer that he had misheard the challenge so bluntly declared. He could not be serious. Raphael knew what a challenge fir the Crown meant, one of them would walk away, the other would be buried.
"Release him Abaddon!" He roared his injured wing protesting Slightly as he raised them out in a threatening manner
Lucifer watched him fly off and then watched as Castiel appeared outside with Inias and greeted the seamstress demon with an awkward smile and relaxed wings.
Everything was very much like what he knew, entering Dean's room the Angel's hard expression softened. It was neatly kept, pictures tucked away on the nightstand, one specifically caught Castiel's eye. It was of Dean, and this world's Castiel, standing in the chapel that was buried deep in the heart of the Men of Letter's bunker. The picture was taken mid kiss, Sam standing behind them with a small smile and tear filled eyes. Both Dean and this world's Castiel had on simple wedding rings made from what appeared to be silver.
"I do not care to whom you pledge your allegiance, whether my family, Hell or swine. When a Royal asks for your name you are to give it without hesitation or delay." Castiel's gaze was hard as he glared at the tied up demon "I asked for your name."
"Until I return your majesties." He bowed one last time, turned to leave as the doors once again burst open, this time both of the doors hit the wall making a maid or two yell in startled fright, cool almost Spring air wafted in with a bitter chill, standing in the doorway was the horned silhouette of a dead man
"Dean and I have talked about this. He is fine to accept his fate and aide the peace and prosperity of not his own but two kingdoms. He will be treated fairly and well or it's war. So is the conditions of the treaty."
"But you're pregnant." Michael frowned. The words hurt to say. Had Lucifer been exaggerating his words and devotion? The Love he had described? Michael supposed fhe other Alpha had never used the word love, but the way he spoke, of how he would wish he was standing at the alter with him in Dean's place, how he would steal the stars if asked, take in the world, surely that was love.
"Probably." As Dean reached for the library door Castiel quickly added "You can call me Cas also Dean."
Both Princes said the other's name at the same time, making them bith pause and erupt into light laughter
"Join us for dinner Crowley. I am open to your proposal." The Archangel Prince finally said with an authority that had Lucifer quickly Excuse himself, feeling the need to blow of steam of any kind really.
"I told you not to call me that Dean. I'm not even your Alpha yet." Michael explained but Dean shook his head
"In all seriousness Dean. The web of our lives keeps getting more tangled. We are to be married in three days, I bury my brother tomorrow, Lucifer is off on a revenge mission of some sort, Crowley is in my home, you are pregnant with a Demon's baby, my heart belongs to an Alpha and yours my little brother."
But he couldn't shake it and had to go talk to his future brother in law. For some reason that look Gabriel would give him only made Dean curious and angry, he needed to know what was wrong.
"That happens. Every Alpha has a rut sometime during a month." Gabriel frowned not understanding the weight his brother's explanation held
Before he reached his own however, his older brother Gabriel's door opened and the golden four winged angel frowned and tilted his head
It seemed so cold now, and granted it had been cold for a while, but, it was near freezing without Dean.
"No Cas I just-" Dean stopped again, he wanted to spill his heart to the angel but couldn't. He was going to be married soon. If he could change this he would, but was so much more than both parties simply drawing up an alliance on paper. It needed blood and marriage, the only way that Eve had claimed she would recognize the alliance.
Kelly brushed a last stubborn strand of hair out of her face before opening the door to her very small but very homey house. "Luc!" she smiled, stepping forward to gently kiss her boyfriend hello.
"Boy do I know it! Everyone thought I'd be an Alpha. All the males in my bloodline were... I was going to be King," He took a deep breath and steadied his scent as to not smell upset "Instead I get the wonderful privilege of marrying one of the most sought after Alphas out there." He added hoping he hadn't sounded or smelled upset. "Since we all thought I would present an Alpha I trained and learned to be one. But, some of those classes I had to sit through after I presented..." He shook his head his lip curling in disgust, his sweet scent of leather and Vanilla soured slightly
For that Michael was grateful. Eve was a kind Queen, unless threatened. The moment she became threatened she became a very powerful enemy, or ally.
"You want to obey old ancient laws? That's the biggest bullshit you've ever spoken." John's voice dropped low, a dangerous look in his eyes "If you wanted to obey the law you would've listened to the Witch."
"No. It wasn't meant to be. You, this you, this twisted broken husk version of you, and me, this version of me, are not meant to be together. I'm meant to be with the angel that gripped me from Hell. Not you. Never this version of you." Dean's voice softened as his fingers tied behind him tried to get the nail loose
The Princes joined Chuck where the King stood as a minister began to drone on about the good that deceased Prince had done for the kingdom, and his people.
"Aw yes Madame Lilith! A pleasure to see you," He took her hand and the blond kissed it with a smile "I am here to show you to the room where you will be staying." He spoke with an air of what one would expect from royalty.
"It's alright. If you feel the need to call the wedding off, my Father will still keep peace with Heaven. If not I certainly will when I'm King."
"You know." Gabriel's wings twitched, settling close to his back nervous, eyes not meeting Sam's "I don't trust Crowley. But there is no other way that my father will allow Michael and Lucifer to be happy together, and no way for Queen Eve to allow any other form of peace and union between Heaven and Earth without her getting upset and potentially starting another war. I'm the third eldest in my royal family. I've got no real title, no chance for the throne, I don't get sent to war, I'm just floating in the middle with nothing to contribute to my family or Kingdom. I've been the subject of conspiracy and scandal long enough and this, this is how I can help." Gabriel's eyes were wet and his wings trembled. Arms stiff at his sides as he met Sam's eyes "I Need to do this."
"Oh no. I'm so scared." Castiel deadpanned with an expressionless face and monotone voice "Whatever shall I do?"
Dean shook his head as he stood still chest to chest with Castiel. He needed to move, but he didn't want  to move at all.
"The fuck are we supposed to do?" Michael's voice once again broke the fog, a hiccup escaping his lips
The scent that greeted him was not one of an Omega in heat, it was the smell of burning coals, ash, and angered Alpha, the vanilla and leather scent of Dean and distress, mixed with something Michael couldn't exactly place, was still lingering in the hall and it sent Michael on edge.
"Is that a fondness in your eyes I see? A caring softness to your voice?" Charlie sang with a small little laugh "You care highly for him?"
"Did I not show you, that if you are to insist on having longer hair, different things you could do with it?" Dean complained as he combed his fingers through his brother's collar length hair
"I'm just a broken Omega whore!" Dean hissed through his teeth "I'm not happy, I never will be, I'll always live my life thinking it's my fault, that my-my body fucking reacted to it even when I screamed for it to stop! I hate I'm an Omega, I hate I'm some stupid helpless bitch that any Alpha thinks they can overpower! You should of just let me pretend to be an Alpha! Or do what Hell does and have me put down like a diseased dog! Maybe you wouldn't be so-so ashamed of me then." Dean's anger bubbled in his scent, souring the smell of vanilla, and wetting the smell of leather.
"What happened? What happened!?" Castiel roared slammed a fist into the wall, dry wall crumbling around peeling wallpaper.
"Who's there?" His voice croaked, the assaulting smell of fire and Alpha made him wrinkle his nose. It was so brash and made his nose itch and his eyes sting. He rather be around anyone else, even that Lilith lady with her overpowering perfume was a welcome to this.
The young Alpha nearly collided with a maid as his boots slipped along the marble floor as he turned the corner.
It was Cas staring into his own eyes, to Dean it was unsettling to see two Castiels, both the same but very much different facing off against eachother, Dean squashed down the little whisper in the back of his mind that mumbled abou two Cas' being really hot...
Dean had been returned intime for a duel to the death between Michael and Raphael, Abaddon had showed up, and disappeared again, Crowley was alive, Dean was pregnant, Lucifer ran off to get revenge or something, Chuck was acting weird and pretty much threatened Dean, and they were to get married in just a mere few days.
To lean into the warm body beside him was very tempting but Dean knew to control himself. He wasn't some needy Omega that wanted to be coddled and pet.
"I'm fine." Dean cut Michael off. Finally tearing his forest gaze from the treeline to meet the warm ice of Michael's eyes "I will be fine to still marry you."
"I already told you. After breakfast. The carriage will be waiting, you will take the standard carriage a normal commoner would instead of a Prince. It should keep highwaymen away... Between that and your escort everything should be fine. Your brothers and I will be out in a month to assure you are taken care of and treated well."
Raphael quirked an eyebrow and let his hand slide off Michael's shoulder, he waved a hand as he spoke
"Stay still ya bastard" Lucifer growled in an Alpha tone reserved for trying to get someone to submit.
"I must bid you all goodnight, as rude as it may be. I've had a rather taxing day and have to bury my brother in a day or two."
"It isn't that amusing Dean. What did you end up telling her." Castiel asked again, his eyebrows pinching together as he tried not to smile at his husband. The way his eyes crinkled when he laughed and grey speckled his once blond hair, or the way his chest heaved with every Beautiful laugh that came from those perfect lips.
"Good." Sam's hard serious glare turned into a wide smile "Because if it was otherwise your brother would lose his knot and his beautiful wings would hang over my fireplace back home."
Castiel had been poetic in a way, which Gabriel knew to be his usual way of speaking about things of which he was passionate, but the way the Omega Prince had unknowingly taken this much of his brother, he knew what it meant.
It hurt Sam so much to see Dean like this, and he knew being vulnerable like this was not easy for Dean either. But Sam was so incredibly overjoyed to have his brother back, and so help him God Sam was going to find whoever broke his brother and they were going to pay.
"Of course Dean. Now, we mustn't be late." Her voice was soft as silk when she spoke and led him out of the room.
Dean was overcome with emotion, without thinking anymore on it he fumbled with the tiny latch, putting the weight of the glass encased feather around his neck, and tucking the necklace out of sight in his shirt
The angel holding Dean suddenly let go, stepping away from the hunter with a low growl that made the room seem to tremble
"Im glad the two of you are getting along so well." He hummed looking Dean in the eyes, wings raising ever so slightly.
"I didn't tell her shit because the little fuckers attacked me! I'd rather go toe to toe with Lucifer again than have the birds and bees discussion with a 4 year old little girl."
"What? You think I wanted you two to fight? You think I wanted to lose another child? Clearly you are delusional past your attraction to Lucifer!"
Cas hated this whole deal. The fighting, the threats, the corruption. He did what he did best; accounting and trying to make the best of their situation. He actually dropped out of college a few months before graduating with a bachelor's degree in business administrations. The world he wanted to live in; academics. Universities. Banks. Meetings. But not this cement shoes, gunpoints, dark basements and torture - the life their father had built in Europe. Southern Italy eventually wasn't big enough, fast enough for the Novaks. But once arriving in the US, Chuck ended up handing over the reins to his son, Lucifer, after the oldest Novak had proven himself by guiding the family away from the Italian Carabinieri. They escaped. Barely, but they did.
"Answer you that? Maybe be supportive of not just Fate, but maybe your child! I didn't choose to be this way! Fate didn't make me this way! I'm just this way Father!" Hot tears streamed down Michael's cheeks, flaming sword still pointed at Chuck "In addition to that, you assisted in putting Raphael against me. Forced me to take my brothers life."
Dean's eyes met eyes that triumphed over the blue of every summer sky imaginable. Dean knew this Alpha was royalty, perhaps it was the way he held himself, perhaps it was the armor of a knight that he wore, or even the slim silver band that was on his head, nestled in his black hair.
Dean was quiet for a moment before he stood on shakey and numb legs, still wrapped in the blanket, he had pants on but his shoulders were bare and covered in bruises where the blanket fell. The Prince wobbled slightly when he walked and approached Castiel before grabbing his coat in his hands and looking down slightly at the shorter Alpha
Lucifer knew he was a broken Alpha, his feelings for the Prince proved he was a broken Alpha... But that didn't stop the feelings, the feelings he hated that he had. So naturally it came out as anger and disgust.
"So you know?" Dean whispered swallowing thickly, his words tasted foul, tongue heavy and he felt as if he was swallowing sand
It was frustrating to Dean, he just wanted a chance to talk to his father, as their conversation in the carriage the night previous after the funeral had been cut short. He wanted some fatherly advice about what to do. Especially since his father now knew he loved someone else and Michael did as well. He wanted to know what he should do, if he could do anything at all.
"What struggles?" Michael raised an eyebrow at the demon and folded his hands neatly before him on the table
"I'm not happy about this. I will speak to our father about this and try to fix the damage that is trying to be done." Michael took his wings and pulled his brother closer as they walked "I want you to get some rest. We have a lot to discuss coming up."
Not to mention Dean's father John, step mother Kate and baby brother Adam would be here for the wedding anyday.
"My Prince. Would you like to eat? Several of the prince's have already retired to bed, as well as her Majesty Queen Kate." Kelly looked Michael over before handing him a towel from the freshly finished laundry "Dry your face. If I may I can help dry your wings, they must be heavy."
"How dare you speak to your King and foremost your father what way!" Chuck screeched eyes darting to various people in the room seeking back up.
With careful hands the Beta doing his makeup placed the delicate twisted silver crown atop his hair, staring at himself in the mirror as he gently took the gold chained necklace Castiel had made for him he latched it behind his head, hating how the long simple line earrings he wore tickled at his jaw. He looked nice, he would admit that, but he didn't look like himself. He looked the definition of an Angel's Omega arm candy. All he was missing were the wings.
Claire was standing gaurd outside of Dean's door. The small blonde Earth Human opened her mouth to say something but stopped, snapping her jaw shut. The only indication of the pressing questions in her mind was the subtle twitch of her nose as she obviously had observed Castiel's scent mingled with his own coming off of him.
The different book titles, from what Sam saw, including things on witches in Heaven, Red Strings, true mates, mating laws in the four realms, the history of Heaven and Hell, old maps of the realms, new maps of the same.
Dean swallowed thickly and tried to hide the fear at the mention of Abaddon, and the uncertainty of where this conversation was going
Michael's scent filled with guilt, it made Dean's nose twitch. He may not be in love with Michael, but they were friends, he still cared dearly for the Archangel, and took comfort in his presence more times than not, but guilt? Guilt was not something that smelled nice on the Alpha. At least in Dean's opinion.
"Then wonder no more my King." Lucifer held Michael's chin as their lips met. And everything seemed to alot into place, as their hearts shattered like porcelain.
Laughter filled the library as the Princes, the General, and the now King spent time together. All happy to have a break from the drama of war and plots to overthrow things.
Now Michael sat beside his father, John and his Queen Kate in front of them beside a warm fire, the sunset behind them out the window, sipping tea and coffee while awaiting to head to dinner.
The Angel Prince had been blocking out the Omega's scent all day, he had been blocking out the occasional whimpers of discomfort from the other Prince, he had put his own body, and his own mind on lockdown to keep from doing something he would greatly regret, and yet here Dean went and called him /Alpha/.
"What about you, Gabe? Please tell me you dropped your plans. I know you love those cars and I know you love a good game of cat and mouse, but--" he tried, hoping his brother would drop his amusement and entertainment program to go date someone or do whatever men in Gabriel's position did, "isn't' there some cute girl you want to drive around with or something?"
Growing up in the cage was hard, his angel father abandoned him when he was young and his half demon half angel mother died in his arms when he was eight, he met Kellie and helped the abused Omega survive until they made there way to a better place. They worked in the stables as preteens and Lucifer had met Michael.
Sam, Dean, and John headed away from the gravesite with the rest of the funeral party, and Royal family.
"I'm sorry for the outburst Dean. I know how it makes you feel and I'm very sorry. But your brother cannot speak to me in that manner."
Castiel nodded, pulling away from his brother not feeling any better, the sweetness to Gabriel's scent was calming, but not enough.
"I hope your affairs are in order, for I am going to send your head to your whore Queen." With the rage of the Heavens Castiel flicked his blade from his sleeve as the demons white and swollen bloody eyes widened in complete fear.
"We were in a hurry after breakfast Lydia. Or I would've braided it." Dean replied crouching down to Emma's height and hugging her
Castiel looked up at his brother and frowned. This was not what he had wanted. He had simply wanted to help but he allowed his muddled and confusing feelings for the Omega Prince and his wellbeing get in the way and had nearly attacked a guest of the King, and acted out against his eldest brother and future king, as well as taking a challenging stance.
"You're doing great Dean. Have been since you took responsibility. You Don't pick favorites and you're a great Dad. Lydia is just irritable as always. Don't let her get in your head." Sam added making Dean roll his eyes.
____________________________________________________________________________________________________________
"That reminds me... You-your father, Chuck, approached me late last night in my quarters." The last part came out quiet and weak
It was Prince Balthazar and Dean had never been so happy to see the other Alpha Prince, even though they didn't necessarily know each other well.
Dean frowned and poured Gabriel a cup of tea before silently handing it to the Alpha, a single glance to Sam signaled that Gabriel was obviously not ok and their conversation was on hold.
Cas, who appeared happy with that, went back to his sketching. Dean refocused his attention on the movie, trying to let the beginning scene of the movie distract him from the dark thoughts that began to take over his mind.
He spots the Vonnegut book on the ground next to him and picks it up, stuffing it into his duffle bag.
It was a Friday afternoon and Dean waited twenty minutes for Cas to meet him out the front of the school. He waited and waited and
“Yes… I had a memory… last night, while I was sleeping. It was only small. But I remember Impala now, and I briefly remember the prince. So I guess whatever Missouri did to me worked.”
When they finally pulled apart, Dean took that opportunity to bring his hand up to Castiel’s face, cupping his jaw.
“My sister would be alive today, if it were not for her fate.” Hannah states. “Everyone who remembers her, at least who is not from this village, knows how cruel she could be. She was so absorbed in her own abilities and talents that she never took the time for anyone else. Not even me.”
From the crease of his frowning forehead to the soft pink of his lips. Cas could feel the blood rush to his cheeks. Goddammit, why did this guy have to be so damn attractive?
Middle school flew by in a blink of an eye and it was where Castiel first found his love for running. In freshman year of high school, he made the track team. Dean on the other hand, focused on his studies. The two of them both made a few AP classes by senior year and were able to share a few last classes together before their time in school ended.
“Why did I tell you guys any of this?” Dean says with another sigh, despite the fact they all know he’s grateful for it.
Light shines through the blurred window and he can hear the faint sound of paper rustling, so Dean knows that Cas is still there. His heart pounds rapidly in his chest, he can feel his veins and arteries pulsing. He feels the sweat glistening on his forehead, cold and clammy from his nerves and manic running.
Michael brought the box of Cas’ clothes over to his bed, helping his younger brother pack them into his set of drawers. John on the other hand scanned the room, drawing out a slow quiet whistle.
It takes them an extra day to get to the Aether, in order to avoid the castle. With The Empty trapped inside and the Nephilims surrounding the perimeter, Charlie declares that in order to get to all the fortresses safely, it is best to not go near the remnants of the royal home.
The stone flooring is cold and hard underneath his bare feet. He takes a moment to stretch, his body feeling stiff and sore from lying down in a tub. He wonders how long he’s been in there, though judging from how his body cracks and groans, he guesses it has been awhile.
“So? I’ve been preparing to travel by myself since I was a child, since I found out my parents weren’t coming back, lost somewhere on the island. Going with you just means an extra set of eyes and hands in case anything goes wrong.” Charlie explains. “Besides, you are going to need me.”
“How is your training at the fortress going?” Castiel asked, wanting to direct the conversation away from his friend.
He pauses for a moment, looking between the box and Pam’s wary expression. But in the end, his curiosity wins and Dean grabs the box from the bag. He heads back over to the couch, feeling the way Pam tracks his every move, and studies the envelopes. He sees that the letters are numbered 1-10 which presumably shows the order in which Dean is meant to read them. The first envelope is the one that has already been opened by Pam, with the letter sat folded on top of the others.
“Thomas James and Tamsin Samantha, if you don’t get down here on the count of three, you will spend the entirety of this evening in your
“... I mean I can’t help but be curious about those things, ever since we pulled the first one of the mountain. I mean, what, there has gotta be like fifty of them? A hundred?”
ruin their chances of being good friends. But after a while, Cas seems to deflate, running a hand through his messy hair which looks even worse now after their make-out session.
Suddenly, the room dropped to sub-zero again and Dean began to shiver. The wind picked up to a more fast paced speed, sending dozens of Missouri’s paper scattered around the room.
Cas leaves to go get the sheets, and quietly, the two of them construct a makeshift bed for Dean on the sofa.
family and Dean wishes he could remember it. The people in front of him are his mother and father and yet he has no memories of them.
Castiel looked up at his father, “I am also only a child, Father. Does that mean I still have a lot to learn?”
“Don’t apologise, I meant what I said in my letters. I don’t blame you for how events have unfolded. We had an agreement, and I know that things would have turned out differently if you knew beforehand. I don’t have any ill feelings towards you because you haven’t been here.”
with energy. He can see the light that surrounds it, the glowing that shows the sheer power that the sword holds. He is entranced by it, mesmerised.
Cas’ eyes lit up and he immediately pulled Dean into a hug. Dean was startled for a moment but was swiftly hugged his friend back. Their bodies slotted together like a puzzle piece, just how it had been since they were kids. Dean loved his hugs from Cas, the way they seemed to calm him when nothing else would. He’d pretty much do anything for those embraces.
that I could accompany you! Be your companion! Missouri has never let me go alone because she’s always worried about something happening to me.
He doesn’t know how long he runs for, but he only begins to slow down when he makes it to a clearing. The clearing is filled with ruins, stone walls that once formed buildings, now destroyed and crumbled. They are everywhere, all over the clearing, the sight of something that once stood, but no longer does. Dean continues up the path, panting as he attempts to regain his breath. In the distance, amongst the ruins, is a large building. While it hasn't collapsed on the ground like the other buildings, it’s definitely been unoccupied for a long time. Dean guesses because of the fact that it is missing half a roof and the base of the building seems to be rotten and covered in green grime.
“Well, well, well, Dean Winchester. This is truly surprising.” The woman says with a grin. However, instead of it being comforting, Dean just feels exposed. Next to him, Charlie bows again.
December was a busy time for Dean as many patrons requested Christmas cookies and goodies for their holiday celebrations. So when it came to the Wednesday before Winter Break, Dean was flat out in the kitchen all day. When he finally emerged from the back after hours of baking, he was surprised to see Claire was already there, eating at her table.
“Did you see Mors when you died?” He asked Cas. The spirit was currently laying on Dean, his back to Dean’s torso. He watched as Cas shook his head.
Dean told Cas they could catch a bus to Maryland, where they could stay with his Aunt Ellen and cousin Jo. They owned a diner out there and were known for taking in misfit kids. Ellen had practically adopted a boy called Ash—a genius runaway—who had lived with Ellen and Jo for five years. Dean knew with some persuasion, his aunt would take them in with open arms. They could start fresh somewhere new at a whole different school. They could get their GED’s and find work or go off to college. Cas had been excited by the prospect since Maryland was home to the National Association of the Deaf and soon, the boys had planned their entire trip out. They planned to leave Friday night.
Castiel leans down and grabs Dean’s hand with his own. He wants to argue and say that he is already home, right here with Dean, but deems it unnecessary to negate the point.
“But… but how? I… we… we thought you were dead!” He exclaims. “How are you still alive? After all these years?”
She didn’t know what she expected Cas to look like. The image she had of him was just a small figment from her imagination. Dean had rarely described what Cas had looked like in the stories, so she had pieced together a version of him for herself. Obviously, this man looked nothing like what her head had envisioned him as.
At the door he got stopped by Gabriel. “Cassie is fine, just needed your brother to get his ass going.” The Archangel waggled his brows. “Wanna be my plus one?”
Castiel bit his lip not to chuckle. It was an accurate description of how this professor taught. He leant towards the tall guy and whispered back.
Cas, yes he had started to call himself that, even in his own mind, was up earlier than usual, because sheriff Mills had called about a hive in the station yard. At 6 am. Thankful that his job was done just before the heat of the afternoon settled in, Cas drove his van to the meadow. His mind was puzzled. The sheriff had recognised him, despite having no discernable way of knowing. He had been forced to take the sticker off the side of the van and put his polo shirt in the bin. He just could not afford the copyright.
The little tv-set behind the counter suddenly switched on, the hiss of static startling Cas a little.
had either pushed him, hard, or maybe grabbed him around the chest from behind, leaving that scar in the process.
Glancing around, Gabriel bent over to him. "Because not only am I going to grovel to your car, but I'm baking you your pie today."
Castiel pulled out the piece of paper that Bal had pushed in on Saturday. Staring at the number, Castiel pondered. Gabriel had said Bal was the worst club bunny, meaning probably that he hopped from bed to bed. But Bal had understood Castiel perfectly fine when he said he didn't want that. Reaching a decision, Castiel put the number in his contacts, where it ended up just above Dean. Castiel smiled. Three days, and he had met two new people, whom he both liked and hoped to meet again. He might get friends yet... With a satisfied smile, he pulled on his pyjamas and crawled into his bed. Then he broke one of his own rules by texting in his bed at night.
Later, as Cas was getting ready to drive off from Bobby’s garage, Dean was leaning in the open window. “Thank you, Dean, for a great day. I had a wonderful time.””
In the back of his head, a calendar was ticking off, and it was almost nearing it’s end. Well over half of it was crossed off. Only 3 more years, two weeks and a day until it ran out.
This was why he avoided working with family as much as he could. The Milton family had a name as Hunters, but they were also his mother’s relatives, and he never wanted to hear another word about her.
Cas smiled. Annette was as good as family to him and he took her by the hand to introduce her to Dean. “Dean, meet Annette. Officially our housekeeper, but unofficially my first friend and almost my second mother.” Annette blushed at that and shyly took Dean’s hand. “Annette, this is Dean, my…” He cast a glance at Dean askance. Dean smiled and gave a nod. “... my boyfriend,” Cas finished, happy Dean understood him.
Cas interrupted. “Unless I’m emotional. Wouldn’t you agree that might just be the case here, loup?” Gabriel crumbled, and Bobby let him go, eyeing him still. Gabe huffed out a breath and suddenly clung to Cas like he’d never let go. “Cassie...” he whispered, choking on the name. Cas’ eyes stung and he hung on too. Damnit, he never thought he would hurt Gabriel this much by dying.
the Hell did you find me?” Cas asked, turning away from the door, feeling it best to get this over with, so Naomi would fucking leave already.
A hand on his ass made Sam stiffen and glance to the side. “Looking like a match made in… well no.” Gabriel wrinkled his nose in distaste. “They look like the perfect gay cake topper.” He rubbed Sam’s butt. “And you look like you belong in my arms.”
Dream… this had to be a dream… Cas couldn’t imagine Dean actually knocking on his door. Until he remembered handing the man linens and some of his own boxers.
Dean’s vacation had flown by. With the bees gone, he slept in every day, mainly because he was having such nice dreams about the guy who had taken them. Dean sighed as he stripped the bed. Too nice dreams, maybe. He had changed his linens eight times in these three weeks. He set the timer on his washing machine and put his jeans, t-shirt and plaid flannel on. It was still hot during the days, but with his line of teaching, he needed the layers. Of course he had visited his teaching aide daily. Imp needed her brushing routine done, and of course her food and exercise. Today was the last day Dean could spend a long amount of time with her, without students flocking around them.
Cas licked his own lips and was surprised to find he liked how swollen and tingly they felt. “Hmmmh… you too, Dean,” he replied with a blush.
Cas leaned into him and put his head on Dean’s shoulder. “See?” he murmured into his ear. “This is why you’re infinitely better than Bal.”
The sun had set long ago, and the mountain air was getting chilly. A golden coyote streaked past him, then turned its slim snout around to watch him. The canine face morphed into Gabriel’s. “You’re selfish, Cassie,” it snapped at him. “You’re gonna leave Anna and me alone.”
Bal licked his lips and sized Dean up. Then he smirked and said, loud enough for the green eyed man to hear him: “Really, Cassie? You’re leaving me hanging? Cruel, cruel man. I was all but ready to leave with you...Oh well. Maybe next time.”
were the words that his heart wanted to blurt out, but his mind objected and changed them on their way out. “Did you like th’ movie?”
Sam scoffed. “It’s better than venting by letting your fists fly. I have seen it up close. It is destructive and hurts people. I’ll get this out of my system later.” He packed his stuff and walked out of the room.
Gabe shot Cas a look he understood fully. Fish soup was neither his nor Gabe’s favourite. But this time Cas had an out. “Actually, Maman, Dean bought me dinner. Meat, salad and a bun, and fries to the side.”
Standing in the humid, clammy cellar, Cas wrinkled his nose at the smell of stale water. “Oh mon Dieu,” he groaned. “Didn’t they have the sense to build away from the spring?”
“Gabriel, Abruti, don’t be rude,” he said as he entered the hallway. Two tall men stood in the doorway. The shorter one looked like he had posed for Da Vinci's ‘Golden Ratio’ and had beautiful green eyes. The guy smiled widely at him and turned to the taller one.
Cas blinked. “Who else would I be, Gabriel?” Gabriel gave a dry sob and tentatively stepped towards him. He took Cas’ face between his hands, tilted it this way and that, and let his fingers wander to a tiny scar in Cas’ hairline.
Instinctively, Cas tightened his grip. Apparently Dean took that as a sign to urge Imp into a faster pace and they were off. “Shall I check the side of the fence?” Cas asked as they neared the gate between the meadows. Dean patted the hand he was still holding to his own stomach and agreed. Imp was reined in a bit as they rounded the fence. Cas knew he had done his best to keep the agreement with Bobby and clear the weed away, but he also knew weeds could pop up a dozen yards across from where they had been cleared.
Dean’s blush was now definitely burning off his freckles, He ducked his head and picked at his cuticles. “Geez… ‘s just a hobby I have…” he objected, but Cas pulled him close and kissed him like it was going out of fashion. Dean dropped the shirt and kissed back. With all the kissing and making out they had already done, this was a totally new one. It felt like Cas poured his very soul into the press of his lips. Dean moaned as he got pushed down on the bed, Cas’ strong hands pinning him down.
“Oof! You idiot!” the other guy snarled. “Watch where you’re....” His voice bled out, and Cas looked up.
Dinner was a pleasant affair. The Winchesters and Singers joked around, ribbing each-other and generally showing their affection freely. To Cas too, and he loved it. He was involved in the jokes, got explained about anecdotes and just being pulled into the family dynamic. After a dessert of delicious blackberry and pear pie, Bobby sat back and put his hands on his belly. “Right… Boys, I called you over for some serious business.”
“I can’t calm down, Sammy… I’m sure something will happen. Michael will pop up and claim Cas, or the Empty thinks it’s time to be awake and collect the angel that got away… or...or…” Sam could see Dean coming miles away and took him by the shoulders to stop him.
When Castiel entered the dining room, the table was set for breakfast, but only Annette was there. "Bonjour, Annette." he greeted her, with a smile and a courteous nod of his head.
Cas blanched. “Maman. M’excuser. I was out of line. But Lucien was too. He insulted my friend by not talking in a language he understands. And he actually insulted me, by implying I was kissing my new friend. I am not that guy!”
“Me?” Cas punched out in surprise. Dean nodded and shook the extended hand lightly, indicating that Cas should grab it. With a nervous twitch in his stomach that was equal parts about being on the back of such a big horse and being this close to Dean with only their regular clothing between them, Cas reached out and took it. Dean hoisted him up easily with a lovely bunching of his muscles under the shirtsleeves and the visible skin of his arms.
“I was just in Watertown, taking care of a djinn problem,” Cas explained, pushing his foot down more, relishing the purr of the engine. “I was literally stabbing it when your message came through. Problem solved, time free to help you two.”
“Alright, Dean. Can you just not, for once?” Dean? This gorgeous guy was the monster? Cas stiffened.
“Exactly,” she confirmed. “After tending to this huge place for decades, I think a simple little home will be nice.”
He wore clothes he’d never seen in his life. Torn jeans, a black T-shirt and a red button up. He must be having a heatstroke or a dream, or something. He patted his own cheek to wake up, while his other self blinked at him owlishly. The world… pulsed. It was like a shockwave hit them. Dean could feel how his feet lost purchase on the ledge and he tumbled over. Ok, so he was going to die. He closed his eyes.
Cas happily nodded. “House rule. Much like your ‘driver picks the music, shotgun shuts his cakehole’ one. You eat breakfast with us on Sunday, you come to church. Which is why Gabriel hates my guts right now. He loves sleeping in, but after the last pranks, Maman ordered him to have breakfast with us for the next four Sundays. He served his sentence and has slept in for the last two Sundays, just to make a point.”
Again her eyes wandered and she teared up. “But what about them?” she whispered, and Cas clenched his jaws. “Désolé. It is too late for them, chèrie. They have moved on.”
The Canton County Courthouse was a repurposed church, and Cas felt oddly at ease. He knew the whole ‘hallowed grounds’ thing was a myth, but he still had trouble envisioning a demon waltzing up the front door. He was looking at some old maps of the area, especially around the old Route 11. It seemed the water-sprite was concentrating her actions around there.
Sam was at his feet, reading a file, but also asking Bobby about his book, which was apparently an authentic Japanese encyclopedia on spirits, dating from the Edo period. When Sam, awed, asked whether Bobby actually speaks Japanese, Bobby blankly looked at him and answered: “Kimi ga umareru mae kara zutto dayo.” Which made Dean, who had picked up a few things from his anime-watching, chuckle.
That only got emphasised when the door opened and Lisa stepped through. She looked even cuter in her mismatched knee high socks, black and white plaid pleated skirt and denim jacket with patches. Her hair was tied in a high ponytail and adorned with cute clips. What made her shine though, was the radiant smile she wore. “Hi guys!” she called and waved cheerfully at them, winking at Dean. His face heated instantly. “Dean,” Lisa continued, tone curious. “Why are you in my seat? Your regular one next to Castiel is free.”
“Here, lemme just...” he started and wiped softly at the corner of Cas’ mouth. The blush went for it and rushed up Cas’ cheeks.
The birds were singing, and the sun was shining, but Cas sat on the bed in a remote Hunting cabin Bobby Singer had given him the keys to, curtains drawn, sigils and protection up.
“Jimbo! Heeeeeyyyy! Good to see you, cous!” Gabriel called so over-enthousiastically, it was nearly a yodel.
Cas, he could see the man more often and without having to have a bee hive in his home. He finished his coffee and said goodbye, before heading over to the other side of the compound to see Imp.
He packed his stuff swiftly and slung his bag over his shoulders. The bakery where Gabriel worked was just a few blocks from school, if he ran, he would make it in time. He glanced down at his shoes, regretting not putting on his trainers with his jeans. That was a perfectly acceptable combination, but he hadn't wanted to dress down from his usual attire any more. Damn his vain streak. With a sigh, Castiel stood and left the study hall. Walking down the corridors, he felt his phone buzz twice, in rapid succession. He checked it while doing a few quick leg stretches outside the building.
The rest of his Wednesday went slowly, along with the Thursday. Dean was distracted as he usually was around this time of year. However, after the whole situation with Claire, his brain was even more full. He went through his day as if he were a robot, doing everything mechanically while his mind was somewhere else. He may not have been as enthusiastic or as in tuned to his job as he usually was, but he got everything done.
Dean immediately glared at the intruder, wanting to yell at whoever had decided to interrupt his reading. However, when he laid eyes on a puffy eyed, red faced Castiel—he knew his book could wait.
Castiel tells him a numerical code, that he has to type into the keypad by the door. The moment he types it in, the door opens and Dean, hesitantly, steps inside. The inside is dark, Dean can barely see a thing and the sirens are loud, blaring right in his ear.
Despite her transparency, she looks as confident and charming as she was when she was alive. She walks up to him, with a bounce in her step.
Charlie doesn’t seem to be having the same thought pattern. Instead a smile spreads across her cheeks and her eyes twinkle with mischief.
“Thank you,” Anna still said to Castiel, as if he really had any say in the manner, “we shall return soon. Before supper.”
He realised that Cas was still here, still safe with him. He wasn’t going anywhere. He was going to stay by Dean and together they were going to find a solution.
“When I met Dean, I knew he was going to be out of the country for work in the following weeks, so our time together was short-lived. I knew full well he’d be leaving and that we wouldn’t be able to contact each other. I was happy with that arrangement. Neither of us obviously prepared for the fact that Grace would be brought into the picture. I had no means of contacting him, hence why I didn’t mention who he was to any of you. I wanted to wait until I gave him the chance to decide. I was eventually able to track down a forwarding address for him and he received everything on Thursday. He flew straight out here. He didn’t walk out on either me or Grace, and I am angered by the fact that you would think that when I said no such thing.”
“According to Missouri, your parents died about sixty years ago.” Charlie says. “Old age. Which, during these times, is the best thing you can die from, honestly.”
He wanted nothing more than to start over, right there and then, but unfortunately they had a prior commitment for their day. One that Cas had almost forgotten about, but now that he remembered, he felt nervousness build in his stomach.
After Dean had been appointed his knight, he had spent weeks hating the man’s every movement. It took him awhile, but slowly he began to tolerate him as he quickly realised that there was no way of hiding from the knight with the keen senses. Dean was a man whose main purpose was to protect Castiel from any form of danger. Castiel had always thought it foolish, until Dean saved him countless times from the monsters that lurked within Grace Island. It was then that Castiel realised the true nature of Dean’s heart and instincts.
. It laid there on the ground, covered in particles of dirt, oil and blood and for a moment, it looked like any other sword they had in their kingdom. But as Castiel looked closer, he noticed the soft, ethereal glow that surrounded it. A pale, soft blue that seemed to thrum and vibrate. Through Castiel’s eyes, it made the sword stick out like a sore thumb. An essence of light, amidst all the darkness.
Despite wearing a dress, Anna mounted her horse with ease, riding it like a seasoned professional. Castiel should not have been surprised, however, considering horse riding was very common among those in the Grasslands, as it was their main mode of transport. While Castiel rode in carriages most of his life, Anna and her family rode their horses to the kingdom, to neighbouring villages, even to the nearby river. It was the same for Dean, hence why his knight knew so much about the stoic creatures. In fact, Dean’s regular travels as a child to the Grasslands town was why Anna knew him so well.
Claire took in the response and immediately shrugged it off, her face becoming impassive as she attempted to act like she
“I’m sorry that I moved away,” Cas said, watching as Dean’s shoulders sagged in relief, “I moved away for selfish reasons, ones that seem quite redundant now.”
Missouri looks over to her side, where a large black book sits on a table. Dean guesses that this must be where the prophecy is written.
It was Dean sitting on a floor, his back resting against the wall. His eyes were closed and his mouth was slightly agape. The shading brought so much detail to Dean’s face, to the way his face looked in that exact moment. Cas had even defined Dean’s freckles, something that Dean rarely pointed attention to himself. It was also a picture that Claire knew had too much raw emotion behind it for it to be platonic. Cas had drawn this to highlight Dean’s beauty, something that Claire knew Cas was infatuated by.
to be stealthy, Your Highness,” he said, “and on the contrary, there’ve been many times that I’ve surprised you in the past.”
! of the oven. Dean watched his mom pull out the pie and rest it on the cooling rack, before ushering Dean upstairs to get changed out of his flour dusted clothes. When he came back downstairs, his mom had placed the dessert in a small basket, matched with a red and white dish towel that looked like it belonged in the story of
The first time Dean ever heard Cas talk was when he was a thirty-one-year-old man, standing in his own bakery, after eleven years of being estranged from his best friend.
The sound must have bothered Dean, as it was then that he popped his head up from the blocks he was playing with. And almost instantaneously, the two little boys' eyes met.
“So do I, nobody likes it. Yet, unfortunately for us all, it’s the damn truth. No one knows why The Empty rises, or why it is up to us to defeat it. No one knows how or when these powers of yours evolve, as your history as foretold, it changes depending on person. We can’t reason with fate or destiny or any of that because it is not up to us. We just make our choices, we hope to succeed with them and we try our damn best.”
“Honestly, I find it hard to believe that you two have genuine fights. Tell me, how long did this one last?”
“Well, not completely blank. While your memories may not be intact, some things seemed to have stuck with you, held on despite it all.”
Over their year together, both Cas and Dean had worked to find a balance between them. Unfortunately, the world they lived in was not always easy for someone who was deaf. With most conversation being done verbally, Dean sometimes struggled when out shopping, getting food, or visiting any type of public establishment. Cas toed the line between wanting to interpret for Dean to making outings a little easier for him, and giving Dean his independence. It was hard for the world to understand that Dean was a fully-functioning human being who paid taxes, had a full-time job, co-rented a house and was in a committed relationship. Growing up, he witnessed so many people treat his parents the same. Somehow,
He looked over at the clock on his computer, which told him that it was just past ten. He’d already drank all of his evening tea and the email he was meant to send had sat unwritten for the past twenty minutes. His phone was void of any messages or calls, apart from the message that Dean had sent him earlier.
Charlie looks nervous, so much so that her hands shake as she sets herself into position. She attempts to shoot the arrow, but it ends abysmally, with the arrow landing right in front of them.
Benny was a very kind man, despite the fact that his outward demeanor appeared unfriendly. Having lived on the mountain almost his entire life, Benny seemed at home there. The heat of the sun did not seem to bother the man, instead, he seemed rather indifferent.
Once the car was loaded up, they stood in the driveway, neither of them quite knowing what to say. Cas had already said goodbye to his parents, who were standing off to the side and letting the two friends have their privacy.
Castiel was left fumbling for words as Dean’s words pierced something deep inside him. At first, a pure burst of happiness rushed over his skin, the reassurance that Dean stood by him because he cared, rather than his duty, made Castiel feel appreciated and loved. Yet, a cold feeling also washed over at him at Dean’s words. The feeling that Dean would always stick by him no matter what. That he would do anything to protect Castiel, no matter the consequence.
He lived in a continuously changing world, where science and technology grew and adapted, forever expanding like the very universe the Earth was a part of. Being a teacher, change was constant, from the new forms of IT being brought into the classroom to the fancy new educational theories being taught at seminars. And don’t get him started on the curriculum, that changed almost everyday.
Dean shrugged. Instead of replying he placed the two cups on the window sill, pouring milk into each of them. He then rested his back against the wall and sunk to the floor, sitting with his knees up. He opened the tin of cookies, offering it up to Cas- who accepted one without hesitation.
Dean slices the sword into him multiple times, at least twenty, until The Empty is in a much weakened state. It’s then, that he looks up towards the fortresses and grins.
He turned around quickly, eyes wide as he took the sight of the boy in front of him. He knew who he was, of course, he had known Dean practically his whole life. Though, he had never spoken to him, as most citizens were not welcomed into the castle. They were only allowed in the kingdom’s village, which was located just outside the castle’s walls. However, the kingdom’s gardens were open to most people within the village, including the knight’s son.
The Empty is diminished in an explosion, sending Dean flying backwards towards the surrounding fields.
Dean closed his book and chucked it on top of his bed, got up and rushed over to Castiel. He put his hand on friend’s shoulder, trying to ask him if he was okay. Castiel began to cry—big crocodile tears pouring down his red cheeks. As much as Dean tried to calm him down, minutes passed and the tears kept going.
He handed the last customer their coffee, breathing a sigh of relief when he realised that rush was over for a moment. He thought about sitting down for a moment, having a minute to himself before his day got
However, it seems to be the only safe place he can see. The only place he can allow himself a minute of rest and solitude.
“It is completely dangerous and foolish,” Charlie states, “but the thing was, they had a plan. See, they were going to go and look for this crown first. It’s said to be one of the most powerful crowns of the island, crafted for Grace by Michael himself. The crown is meant to ward off any monster attack,
The hairs stood up on Dean’s skin, goosebumps trailing down him. He wanted to laugh for a moment, thinking that this was all some practical joke. Cas was good at those, he could pull them off. However the longer he stared at Cas’ scared and wide eyes, the quicker he realised that Cas was serious. He was
Between the four of them and the two other hunters, the wendigo was laid to rest. Easy as pie. After promising to grab a beer with them sometime, the four Winchesters waved goodbye as the two hunters drove out onto the open road. It was then that Sam suggested an addition to their trip, one that Dean was purely against.
Slowly, the black edges around his vision begin to fade and the room around him becomes clearer, brighter. He sits up slowly, a hand on his head, trying to regain a sense of stability and awareness, He still has no idea where he is, or why he’s there. In fact, he can’t remember a thing. The more coherent his thoughts become, the less sure he is. It’s like he’s just been born, with a blank mind, new to the world around him.
They walk inside, the building’s guards letting them through without hesitation. The inside is just as grand as the outside, with white tiled flooring and hanging candelabras. The room is alive with light, shining in all directions. Expensive paintings hang from the walls, with what Dean assumes are pictures of the ancestors of the family. However, only one of them has a slight hint of familiarity, which is the girl on the far right with long red hair, similar to Charlie’s.
As both Missouri and Dean drank the lemonade and ate homemade biscuits, Dean filled her in on everything in detail. He talked about Kevin, about Moby and Mrs. Winnigan. He explained Kevin’s theory about how it may be linked to the veil, that all the spirits are stuck there. By the time their glasses were empty and there were only crumbs on their plate, Missouri was all caught up.
“My loyalty is not just to this kingdom,” Dean said, “it began there. I just wanted to be the knight that fulfilled my duties. Whether that was training, combat or being your own, personal knight. I did what I was told, for the sake of the kingdom. Yet, I have had the honour of being the Prince’s knight and through that, getting to know you as a person. While I will still protect this kingdom if I can, my loyalty is forever with you. My one and only job is to protect you and stand by you, no matter what.”
When Cas went to sleep that night, he had a cute boy’s phone number and a date for Friday night. It surprised him how quickly everything had switched on him. How that morning, he’d believed that his neighbour was a self-centred asshole. And now? Cas just hoped he’d catch a glimpse of him when he woke up.
It was a Thursday and up until 3pm in the afternoon, Dean had classes. He spent the day wallowing and scowling as couples all around him were more insufferable than ever. There was lots of kissing, hugs and the smell of chocolate and flowers in the air. It
Dean before then, believed that what had happened with Mrs. Winnigan was a fluke. She was a good woman, who didn’t deserve to still be stranded on Earth. Dean believed that maybe she was finally able to move on to the other side. Yet Moby? There was absolutely no way. If there were a heaven, there was no way Moby’s soulless spirit would be granted access. And Dean’s sure there was no way that even a hell would want him. So how did he pass on? How was he no longer here? While Cas floated wherever Dean did, Moby was always rooted to the spot. He never moved… not once.
On the way to the station, they passed their local park—the park they spent most of their childhood playing at. It looked creepily deserted in the dark, almost as if it was abandoned. The light Fall breeze pushed the swings back and forth, the rusty chains making a screeching sound every time they did. Dean went to avoid it, to continue on their journey to inner Lawrence—but Cas stopped him.
Dean jumped up from the bed, his own sword sheath clanging against his back. Sometimes it was hard for Castiel to believe that the sword that Dean always carried with him was the most powerful sword in the world. Well, that was at least what he had been told. It was full of some of the most potent magic, more powerful than the magic that Grace Island thrived off. It was the light that could seal away any darkness, any evil, that tainted the land.
He looks up and notices that the man is waiting expectantly for him to reply. Feeling like his mouth has gone dry, he clears his throat before saying the first thing that pops into his mind.
“If you let me have peace for the next 15 minutes, I’ll put Netflix on.” Dean called out to Cas as he turned the stove on.
Dean was quick to make the coffees, from the cappuccinos to the lattes to the whipped mochas. He made drink after drink, served pastry after pastry—yelling each order out as he did so. He did this until he was down to the last takeaway cup.
Anna laughed. It sounded like chime bells. “I don’t doubt you there. I have only travelled to the Aether once and I do remember the chilling climate. Were you able to receive any… uh…
“Werewolves have yellow eyes and long nails, almost clawlike. To kill them, you need to drive your sword straight through their heart. Please be wary of these creatures on your travels.”
Turns out Cas had been more intrigued than anything, taking in every sight and smell with an aura of fascination. He was like Jack, a puppy dog with an inquisitive interest for the world around him.
“I did hear that you recently travelled to the pool of fate? The one atop of Mount Lawrence?” Anna asked.
Dean is still confused… and surprised. He puts down the cupcake on the table beside him and put down his bag and keys. Once his hands were free, Cas continued.
Slowly, and steadily, he crawled over into Dean’s open arms. He carefully rested his head on Dean’s chest, the warmth of Dean’s skin muffled by his shirt. He could hear his heart thumping loudly in his chest, a reminder of Dean’s pure humanity. That in every sense of the word, Dean was just a regular human that lived on Grace Island. That his skills and knowledge came from education and training, rather than the abilities that those such as Hester were born with.
It was going to great, just like Dean had expected it to. They had home cooked meals and got to buy a crappy television. They had their own rooms. Their own
Dean peeked one eye open, only to find that nothing had happened. He did happen to the note, however, that the room got a few degrees colder.
It would be here in a cheesy rom-com that most people would describe this sort of kiss as if it were fireworks or the feeling of butterflies in your stomach. Yet Dean thought those people were idiots. He’d describe kissing Cas as that moment on the rollercoaster, the moment when the anticipation finally spills over as the ride begins to descend. It’s the feeling when your stomach is in knots, your heart is beating at a million miles a minute and you feel like you’ve gotten to the point where you just can’t
After several days the store’s business began to pick up again as locals returned from the holidays. Dean was happy to see his regulars return along with some new faces. However, he was most happy to see a familiar face pop into his store around 6pm.
He waited for about half a minute, concentrating to see if there was anyway he could make his friend appear. Yet, when he opened his eyes there was still no sign of Cas. He closed them again and took a deep breath.
close to finding out the mystery behind one of the characters, when all of a sudden, his bedroom door flung open.
He knew that his training for that night had ceased. There was no possibility that he would be able to continue concentrating on harnessing his power. After all, training was all about attempting to prove to Michael that he had somehow had the strength to bear such an incredible gift. A gift that truly had no means to belong in his weak, fragile body. As Castiel began to exit the pool, feelings of frustration and self-loathing swirled around inside him like a strong current. He kept his head down as he could not bear to face Dean. Dean, the champions, all the citizens of Grace Island were counting on him to be able to defeat The Empty. But how could he when he did not have his angelic abilities? Dean could fight, all the champions could fight. Castiel could barely wield a sword. The only thing he had was the blood of an angel, which in that moment, did not mean a thing.
After hours of mingling with a series of people, Castiel was pulled aside by Dean. They sat on the sidewalk out front, a place where they’d once spent a whole afternoon decorating the concrete in chalk. The moment Castiel laid eyes on Dean, he knew he was hiding something. He was biting his lip and his eyebrows were furrowed. He was worried about something.
Mary had begun talking about her job when John Winchester got home from work. Being a teacher assistant for special needs children, she was talking about how she worked with a deaf boy who was also mute. Claire was absorbed in the conversation that she didn’t even notice the presence behind her until they spoke.
Dean couldn’t help but stare at Cas, the spirit’s eyes closed so he couldn’t see him doing so. He noticed the way the soft light from the clouded sun reflected on his friend’s cheek and the way his chest moved up and down as he breathed. Except he wasn’t breathing, not really. Dean always found it peculiar how humanistic ghosts were, as if they actually were living humans. He knew they weren’t, they were ethereal beings—the spirits of the living. They didn’t have a heartbeat, didn’t need to breathe. You couldn’t touch them, couldn’t feel the warmth of their skin. Dean knew this all too well, having grown up with one always beside him. Yet, sometimes he couldn’t help but notice how they still seemed to be
From a young age, he was able to see all sorts of ghosts. Big ghosts, small ghosts. Angry ghosts, sad ghosts. Scary ghosts, nice ghosts. They came in an assortment of varied personalities that Dean had the burden of interacting with. And if it wasn’t for one particular ghost, one who’d stood by him since the dawn of time, Dean probably would’ve found a way to get rid of his curse.
in hand, on alert for whoever was at the door. Castiel was startled, but gently put down his door and walked over to the door, Dean a foot away at the end of the bed. He opened the door slowly, relaxing when he saw that it was Anna on the other side.
He reached over in an instant and grabbed Cas’ head with his two hands. He only caught a glimpse of Cas’ startled expression before he brought their heads together. As soon as their lips touched, a warmth embraced him and began to spark under his skin. He leant in further, bringing their bodies tight up against each other. Cas was still for a moment but was quick to relax into it and gently brought his hands up to cradle Dean’s arms.
Hell desert is usually easy to access, according to Charlie, if you follow the route that goes down past the castle. But because they are avoiding the castle, it is much safer to take the long way around.
After some time, the two of them headed downstairs into the living area to get started on their usual Friday night sleepover. Duma was in the kitchen and after checking the both of them were alright, she asked if they wanted to bake cookies. The three of them spent the next hour in the kitchen baking cookies—Dean doing most of the work since he happened to be better than both Duma and Cas combined. Cas spent most of the time bugging Dean, with the latter giggling and doing everything he could to stop his friend from being a nuisance.
“It has been a long journey, Your Highness. Would you like to come in for some refreshments before you settle in the inn?”
Castiel woke up to a warmth. It was a warmth that was familiar to him, a soothing, comforting warmth. It was the same warmth of basking in sunlight, the same warmth of honey on bread. It was a warmth that Castiel wished he could bring with him everywhere, a feeling he wanted to last forever.
“I guess this is my stop,” Dean says, hiking his bag onto his shoulder. He’s preparing to say his goodbyes to Charlie, promising to call and text now that they’ve exchanged phone numbers. He, however, is surprised when Charlie stands as well, lifting the handle of her suitcase.
Happiness and relief flooded the island, cascading over every man, woman and individual that resided there. It spread from the fishermen at Stull Lake, to the travellers in the Pit -- even up to the workers in the mines of Purgatory. For their island -- their home -- had been saved. The evil entity threatening their lands had been defeated at the hands of the prince and his loyal knight.
He got tired of that sparking hope inside him, only to see it burn out almost immediately. So for the past few years, he’s given up on even attempting to imagine himself with potential soulmates.
but this is none of your damn business. If you do it again, I won’t hesitate to let him know and considering we both know how independent he is, I don’t think he’ll be too happy with you.”
“When I heard you say the words that I have spent the last fifteen years staring in the mirror at, God, I couldn’t have been happier. My feelings had been confirmed and I was almost about to tell you, let it be solidified between us. But all I could wonder was if this was really real, if our bond was truly there. I felt this awe when I saw you, but at the same time, I couldn’t help but wonder if this feeling was
mean? However, the adrenaline in his veins was far more superior to Dean’s rational thought and his fight or flight mode began to ping. His biology gave him no choice, either to argue the situation or to run away from it.
The trip to the town took about an hour on horseback, probably the shortest journey they had taken. The grasslands were the region in the south of Grace Island, made up of miles of fields and large, rolling hills. It was probably one of the most beautiful parts of the island, filled with gorgeous greenery and stunning wildlife. Sometimes, Castiel wished he were able to see the land from the castle, however he was unable to as the region’s largest hill blocked the view.. It was there, on this hill, that the Grasslands fortress stood.
When Dean types the code into the control panel, he isn’t surprised to see Hester saunter in slowly.
They made it onto the ride about five minutes later and Dean didn’t realise until it was too late how much he
It took Claire a second to place it, until she remembered the story of how Dean learnt sign language and she could feel her face lit up.
The kingdom’s repair came slowly, with the castle taking nearly two full years to be rebuilt. They had only just moved in last month, re-establishing themselves in the royal home. It’s quite strange, if Castiel’s honest with himself, as he had quite enjoyed living in Vale Village in their tiny little home. But the castle is as good as new, better than it had been before. No more creaky floorboards or paint-chipped walls. Castiel is in awe with what his land’s people were able to accomplish, and although he compensated them greatly with gold coins, no money could repay the work they had done for himself, his family and the kingdom.
They had left their horses behind, abandoned near a stable. They had rode them from Mount Lazarus, until they had a safe passage down the hill and into the Grasslands. From there, they left their horses equipped with their bridles and saddles and bolted from the area, not looking back for a moment. He could imagine how hard that it must have been for Dean, to leave Impala behind without a second thought. Impala was Dean’s baby, as treasured to him as family. Castiel believed that Dean cherished Impala more, or to the same degree, as his parents. To have to say goodbye to him must have hurt the knight to his core.
Dean and Castiel exchanged a glance and the prince knew that the same thought was circling through Dean’s mind.
Seeing it again causes a flood of memories to enter Dean’s mind. He sees the ice cream parlor on the corner, where he and Cas once shared a banana split (neither of them had tried one and figured, why not?). And Benny’s diner, which still has the best bacon cheeseburgers Dean’s ever had. He sees Cas’ bookstore, still standing in all its glory. It’s exactly like he remembers it, the beautiful cursive sign with a painted feather stemming from the final ‘s’. He wonders how Chuck and Hannah are doing. He wonders how they are with Grace, considering neither of them seemed to be the type of people who’d interact well with a small child. The thought brings a small smile to his face.
“Yes, their job is quite challenging,” Castiel replied to Benny’s statement, a small smile on his face.
By the time Dean had killed his tenth one, Castiel could sense that he was dying. He staggered left and right, not being able to keep his balance well. Blood dripped down his face and arms, coating his tunic in a sea of red. His friend’s face was so swollen, that Castiel could barely recognise him. Castiel knew that if Dean took one more hit, his friend would not live to see the war end.
Cas knew she was all teared up inside, and saved her from speaking by introducing him. “Jack, this is my mother, Jeanette. Maman, this is Jack… our son.”
“OI! Who the hell are you and how the…”The demon trailed off as he saw Cas. “Angel…” he whispered. His other companions swallowed hard and cowered together. “And you’re a human… Oh crap… ohhhh crap!” The demon turned to the others. “Guys.. That’s Winchester and his pet angel.”
Before visiting Imp, Dean drank some coffee with Bobby and Ellen. “Hey, Bobby, do you know who rents off land to a guy with bees?” He had tried to be casual about it, but the glances between Bobby and Ellen were a sign he hadn’t succeeded.
“Thank you. I hope to be done by noon,” he had answered and the sheriffs had nodded with impressed faces. “It is just a small hive,” Cas had said, trying to explain. “The one I had three weeks ago… that was huge! Took me most of the day to get it all down.” The knowing glances between the sheriffs had been puzzling him since.
“Really, Kitten? We’re scheduled to meet in about thirteen hours. What’s the bloody rush?” Crowley demanded, as soon as he poofed in.
“He has a group going rogue, but with the aid of witches, so they’re undetectable by infernal means. He asked if we could set someone on them.” Cas felt dubious. Most experienced Hunters were on jobs of their own, and the ones still in the Bunker were too green to set on demons. Sam and Gabriel were busy with planning their wedding, so they should be left to that.
Still not opening his eyes, Castiel groped around until his hand found the paper bag. He held it out with the words: "Here. I don't need you to get on your knees or anything worshipful like that. Just enjoy it and tell me what you think."
Dean ducked his head and smiled. “Nice to meet you, Sir.” Then he gave Maman the same courteous hand kiss he had given Annette. “Madame, enchanté.”
The wet squelch with which his knife slid through the abdomen of the charging guy, should have made him queasy at the least, but Castiel, (Cas to his, very few, friends and, very distant, family.) didn’t even blink before he spun around and used the machete in his other hand to chop the head off cleanly.
Gabriel smiled warmly. "I wouldn't dream of missing it," he said, and kissed her cheek. Castiel copied him and their parents stepped into the car. They waved goodbye and turned to go inside.
“You’re Canadian?” Jimmy asked incredulously, making Cas deadpan even more and Gabe burst out in giggles. “Oh this is precious!” he gasped. “Canadian.... Cassie... Cassie, please... don... don’t be upset.” Hiccupping with laughter, Gabriel gleefully unwrapped a chocolate bar.
Danielle shrugged. “My father in-law wanted the house here, not twenty yards any where else. Which, I think, was stupid. There have been leakages since the day they moved in. And the house is damp, no matter how hot and dry the weather is.”
Cas shook his head. “No. So, I shall inform Annette of your stay. She can set an extra place for you.” He checked his phone. “It’s 8.23, so there is ample time. I hope she made croissants!” Chipper, he threw off his blanket, only to blush heavily as he noticed he was in just his boxers.
“Dunno.. said he was planning something. I think he has a little crush on his latest friend. He plans things with them, and he doesn’t include me. Instead I get to hang out with my surrogate parents and their daughter, Jo.” He pointed to another table, where a longhaired blonde girl was armwrestling Garth Fitzgerald. “I think she has a little crush on my brother but he treats her just like he treats me, as a younger sibling and an annoying one at that.”
From the hallway, Maman called out: "Gabriel! Stop saying that! He is, and even if he wasn't, he would not be the least bit interested!" Gabriel bit his lip, golden eyes twinkling. Castiel copied his move and they both chortled.
That was another thing that had changed in their lives. Both Sam and him had bent their knees and in three months they would be the stars of a double wedding on the ranch. Somehow Dean’s lonely and rather boring life had turned around. He donned his shirt and smirked at the little embroidered cowboy-bee on the chest. “Bee-haw,” he muttered before leaving their bedroom to start his day.
Castiel smiled and showed Gabriel that he was true to his word. He pressed the delete button on his screen.
Dean cocked his head at that. "Far be it from me to comment, but wouldn't you be happier doing something you actually like?"
“Castiel, my Chaton, you’re such a nice toy to play with. I have actually grown quite fond of you. I thought it would be nice to leave this mortal coil behind on good terms with your mother. Goodness knows I never reconciled with mine. The witch.”
“Castiel, you could have gotten hurt. Badly. And how would we have known? Hunting alone is a recipe for disaster!”
Ok, now Castiel felt like a fool and his cheeks were flaming. "I don't think you're a rodent, Dean. I like your voice. It's warm and makes me think of autumn fires and sunshine." A silence fell and Castiel started wondering if the call had dropped.
He sighed, sigils and stuff were all good, but today would end bloody anyway, so he might as well take one last walk through the woods.
With a soft shaking of his head and a smile, Castiel stepped behind the room divider and changed. When he stepped out again, Gabriel gasped and widened his golden eyes.
The sheer force had knocked all the wind out of Cas, and he barely had time to recover when the first claw tore at him. It it gave a searing, throbbing burn, and the next tearing was worse. Juliet clawed open his arms, his legs and then his chest, making him scream at every drag of her claws.
Cas loved the man with all his heart, being the father he’d thought he’d never have. From the day they’d hit US soil, Chuck had dumped Cas on Bobby’s doorstep often enough. It was where he’d met Gabriel, whose parents did the exact same, leaving Anna at their aunt, Hester. Bobby had become their surrogate father, and the cousins close as brothers as it was possible to get, seeing each other every couple of months.
"If he's as cute as you, Clarence, I'll die a happy girl." she stated when he made clear this was for a friend.
“Dean!” A wadded up piece of paper hit his ear with painful precision. He turned around. Charlie. In bright, nearly clashing colours. Her wide smile was a sight for sore eyes. “Yeah?” Dean replied softly, rubbing his ear gently. That girl knew how to peg one…
“Heya, Cas…” Dean looked very uncomfortable, and Cas was worried. He reached out in solace, but Dean looked away. “Look… there was a slight change in plans.. Would you mind if we went to Bobby’s place? We’ve been invited for dinner there. Just Sammy, you and me. Jo is at her girlfriend Charlie’s home.”
"No. He had texted Castiel first, but he somehow managed to shut Lucien up after only fifteen minutes." Maman smiled at Castiel, but their father full-on grinned.
Only to stop dead in his tracks, surprised someone was standing there, on his doorstep, in this godforsaken stretch of Wisconsin wilderness.
His mother turned around, full of that happy energy that Gabriel also possessed in surplus. "Oh, Charles! Castiel has gotten Gabriel to come over for breakfast today!"
Gabriel narrowed his eyes. “What’s cooking, Grumpy Smurf? You told me you would take a breather here. And that’s exactly what you’re gonna do. Anna is out, and I am leaving. Feel free to use any of the beds.” And with that, he bounced off the bed and dashed through the door. Hearing the soft click of the lock, Cas slumped. Typical of Gabriel, but Cas had to admit two things to himself. 1. Gabe was right. Cas would’ve followed if he hadn’t locked the door, and 2. He was dead tired. His vision was swimming, now the adrenaline was finally receding.
Castiel pressed his lips into a thin line and he mentally began counting down from twenty. In Dutch.
"There we go, Bal. This is my Sweetie." Castiel announced, making a grand gesture towards his shiny, red car.
Dean snorted derisively. Parlor tricks. Jack smiled as if he could read Dean’s sceptical thoughts and understood them. He waved his hand and the dust dissipated. Another wave, and the very air shimmered, showing Sam and Gabriel, snuggled on the bed in Gabriel’s room.
“Fine,” he snapped. “But don’t expect me to feel sorry. I have heard my share of sob-stories, as you can imagine.”
"Really? Huh. Imagine that. You done tinkering in there, boy?" he asked, jabbing a thumb at the shop.
The whole drive to the bar Dean had seen on the way up, Cas was thinking about declining the beer, and having a coffee, but the insulting and condescending way Lucien had acted was still bugging him. So, when they sat in the booth, he let Dean order that beer.
“Ouch, but perfect for me.” She placed her hand over the print and Cas idly noticed that it was larger than her dainty hand, before closing his eyes. “I conjure and command thee!” Pamela called in a clear voice, and repeated it until the radio turned on and started zooming through the channels, just like at the gas station. “Dean? Sorry. I don’t scare easily. Show me your face.” It seemed the creature was shy or something, because Pamela got irritated. “Don’t play games with me, Dean,” she threatened. “What?” Her eyes flew open, wide, surprised. “You what?” She broke the connection between Cas and Bobby herself. “Gabriel, please open the door,” she said in a stunned tone.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas said, fighting his blush. Dean looked damned sexy on the back of that horse. His muscles rolled sinuously under his shirts as he handled the horse with ease. “What are you doing here?” Dean let the horse, Imp, step around a bit and a beautiful, mischievous smile graced his pretty face.
Here we go... revealing more about our Hunters than before Cas died... Things are going to become more interesting...
“No. I’m their lawyer,” Sam had icily replied, but Gabriel had not backed off in the least. That smile had grown lustful and Gabriel had opened his mouth to return volley, when Cas had stepped in and quickly introduced Dean, Bobby and Ellen, glossing over his own presence. Ms. Talbot had shaken hands and taken them on the tour. Gabriel had stuck to Sam like glue and Sam had indulged him. Cas, heroically ignoring his big brother, had pointed out some flaws he knew the house had, and Gabriel had fully agreed that, yes, those were legit problems, and the price should drop at least fifteen thousand.
"He is. He's an old grouch, but with a heart the size of Texas." The fond smile Castiel had seen on Bobby, was now playing around Dean’s lips.
“No. You can easily take off ten thousand. The kitchen is outdated, the guest bathroom too. The so-called ‘design’ gazebo, is just a run of the mill one, but my niece Rachel convinced mom that after Anna had used it as her art project, it was a design item now. It’s not bad,” he amended, after seeing their faces grow doubtful. “The colours are nice and blend in with the garden, but not much of a thing to spend lots of money on. Also, the house has been on the market for three years now. That will reduce the value. Maybe even fifteen thousand off the price, since the paint job is at least as old and needs to be redone.”
Dean licked his lips and squeezed Cas’ shoulder. “Cas… Is that true? You have a trust fund?” Cas scowled, but nodded. “Dude, Gabriel is right! You were so worried about what your parents would do after you graduated, because of the debt you owe them. If the fund covers that, use it. And if there’s enough left to start your own business instead of becoming a payslave, go for it!”
He turned to Dean. “I'm sorry, Dean. Lucien is being very rude. I am ashamed to say he only speaks French to shut you out. Luce...”
Without warning, he ducked and spun, grabbing his other cousin around her waist, flooring her neatly.
He bit down on his lower lip at his boldness. Would Dean think him forward? And again, why would he, Castiel, care? Waiting for Dean to answer, he swiftly added the number to his contacts. He barely saved it, when his phone buzzed again. Glancing around, to see if he wasn't bothering his fellow students, he quickly read the text.
“Damned demon. Always burns my phone whenever I call him.” Dean sighed and tossed the phone aside. “Gives the term ‘burner phone’ a new meaning, right? But we got what we need.” Dean looked up at Cas. “Shall we, sweeting? It’s been awhile, but I still know how to handle an angel blade.” Cas smiled. Of course Dean would offer to go. They were the best option, really. He nodded and opened his arms. Dean stepped into the hug. “Just.. try to not make me queasy this time,” he said, clenching his eyes shut. Cas chuckled and spread his wings.
I almost forgot to mention. Cas is bi-lingual. He spent his formative years in France. So, his speach is sprinkled with French stuff.
Cas felt sorry for her. She didn’t ask for such a crappy husband, and now she was all but ready to head to jail for a crime she didn’t commit.
Cas crossed his arms and huffed. “The poor boy has a massive crush on you, and you toy with his feelings like this? I thought higher of you.”
In the background he heard a soft ‘Aww’ from Charlie and a grumpy ‘Fucking finally’ from Sam. He paid it no heed, until Sam suddenly high-fived Charlie. “Well played, my Queen.”
He was just done, when his cellphone rang. He took it out and rolled his blue eyes skyward. The screen showed only a grinning devil emoji. “Crowley,” Cas said as he answered. The King Of Hell wasn’t his favourite person in the wide world, far from it, but at least they got to a point where they could communicate without backstabbing and double, triple or even quadruple crossings. Having Gabriel at hand had helped enormously with that development. It had taken a friendly talk from the Archangel to have Crowley see that leaving the HOL and by proxy their affiliates, like Crowley’s own mother Rowena, alone was in his best interest any time. And now Crowley called the HOL, mostly by Cas’ phone, if he had some trouble of the supernatural kind.
Thanks so much to the amazing Dean/Cas Pinefest mods, Cass and Mittens... You guys are just wonderful, taking care of us all. Hugs!
Cas sighed. Dean and him had been dating for almost a month, and tonight Dean said he wanted to surprise Cas with something he had been working on for a while now. To say Cas was nervous, was an understatement. ‘A while’ was an uncertain amount of time, but Cas had the distinct idea Dean had been working on it for weeks at least. That was a lot, and it made Cas feel humbled already. There was a knock to the door, and when he opened it, Dean was standing there, cheeks pinked and biting his lip. “Hello, Dean,” Cas greeted warmly.
Those strong hands wiped his sweaty hair from his brow and Dean took a deep breath. “Yes, Cas, what’s bothering you?”
A wholly unremarkable pick-up trundled towards him in the orange morning light, but Cas didn’t move.
Balthazar’s face lit up like a lightbulb. "Are you kidding? I'd love to take your girl for a spin!!"
“What the Hell?” he muttered, peering closer at the mirror. A patch of fiery red, raised skin started to appear. Cas swallowed hard, then yanked his shirt up to his neck.
“Go and check your message. If your other friend isn’t claiming your time today, I would like to invite you over to my place. My big brother isn’t in, so he can’t steal you as my friend.”
Another sigh had Castiel heave his chest in the slightly too-tight shirt Gabriel had forced on him. Gabriel’s smile faltered.
“I am sorry, Castiel,” Anna offered. “I knew you were close. You two made a good team.” She bent over and kissed his cheek. Cas scowled. Him being so vulnerable made Anna think things that she shouldn’t. Anna’s soft lips moved sideways, towards his mouth. He roughly turned away. “No, Anna. Not interested. I...” he faltered, unable to look at her. “Me and Balthazar, we were more than a team...” he admitted softly.
Dean nodded. “They do, but sometimes they get bored and try a different thing, or they are hungry or thirsty enough to ignore the bitter taste.” Dean let Imp trot a  bit to the side. “Hey, wanna help me check for the weed in the other meadow?” he asked, holding out a hand. Cas blushed deeply at the thought of being pressed against Dean’s back on the back of Imp.
The line instantly disconnected. Confused, Cas stared at the receiver, wondering if he’d done something wrong.
“Calmez-vous, Madamme. I did not say anything of the kind. I am sorry your husband is such an... an assbutt, but we are merely asking questions, not accusing you or him.”
Sam’s blush got deeper and the boy rubbed his neck. “Yeah… I mean. He’s cute and his eyes… wow. Intense.” Then he turned to Cas and gave him a puppy look. “You’re okay with me going all poetic about a guy?”
Cas had to collect himself at the innocent yet direct question. Dean took a deep breath and answered for him.
In the living room, Jack sat down in the chair next to the fireside, gesturing to the sofa as if he was the host here. “I know you two must have lots of questions, and I am here to answer them best as I can,” he said, still with that bright smile. Dean couldn’t help but think the kid was a little… off. Like he was autistic, but not really. The look in his eyes was hard to read. Innocent, yet still knowing. He sat back on the sofa, letting this oddball run the show for now.
That had Cas balking. “No, you don’t. You are giving me my dream patch of land. This does not weigh up to that.” Bobby geared up to argue, but Dean efficiently cut it off by saying they should agree to disagree. Cas bowed his head and apologised, while Bobby harrumphed and crossed his arms. “Young wolf, tryin’a teach me manners…” Ellen raised her brows and sat back with pursed lips and crossed arms. Bobby quickly looked down and mumbled an apology too. As an olive branch, Cas offered to come along to the sighting. The realtor didn’t know he was Naomi’s son, so he could pretend to notice some of the flaws and point them out. Bobby smirked at that. “I’d like that.”
Once Dean could travel and they got home, friends and family got notified and despite the simple ceremony, stuff had to be settled. But now the big day had arrived… and Dean was scared. “Dean, calm down,” Sam soothingly said, resulting in his brother snapping his head around and glaring at him. Exasperated, Sam rolled his eyes and glared right back. Minutes passed and neither brother said a word. Eventually, Dean turned on his heel and resumed pacing and biting the cuticle and nail on his thumb.
"Yes, I am,” Dean replied. “That old Pontiac just needed a bit of TLC and a new oil filter. You shouldn't let Garth diagnose the cars, Bobby. You know he messes that up at times."
"And I need to touch something the monster touched,” she said with a smile, as Cas felt her other hand slide up his inseam.
Claire sniffled and smiled at Cas. “It’s okay, Cas. Dean promised me we will buy a new angel at the fair next month. OH!” She suddenly stood and grabbed a thick envelope. “This came in for you today. I think it’s the information on that 12 year old boy you want to adopt.”
Castiel was very grateful to have Annette. His jeans were freshly laundered by Friday. He put them on with a white T-shirt, a light blue button up, which he left unbuttoned, and his trainers. He drove to the same club as last Saturday, and saw Bal lounging against a non-descript little Suzuki.
Sam smiled and held up his own phone. “I’m gonna text my friend. Isn’t that something? You, me, and my brother, all falling for our friends. At least we are friends before becoming more.”
Cas sighed, but a smile tugged at the lefthand corner of his mouth. “I just wanted you to know I’m on my way. I’ll be there in about an hour.”
“Dean,” Cas said, putting his hand over Dean’s. Dean’s green eyes widened comically and  darted to where their hands were now together lying on Cas’ shoulder. “...are you.. Are you blushing because you don’t want that implied? Or are you blushing because you want the implication to be real?” Cas asked softly. Dean didn’t answer, and averted his eyes. Cas took a deep breath and decided to be brave. “Because I would very much for the implication to be real. I have wanted it for so long.”
It wasn’t that Dean hated flying Angel-air, but the sudden translocation always threw him off a bit. When he opened his eyes, they were standing at the bank of a creek. “Where the frak are we, Cas?”
Cas quickly set up his things and blew out a harsh breath. He’d hoped to not have to do this, ever, but he had the means and he needed answers.
Amusement trickled through Castiel’s agitation. "Castiel Delacroix. My mother is French, and she usually reverts to her native tongue when annoyed or emotional. I guess I inherited that trait... How did you know I was cussing?"
he thought, biting back an acidic remark. "I can't seem to find any of my good pants. Do you have any idea where they are?"
Tu sais que Maman interdit les surnoms. C'est ses prérogatives. (You know Mom doesn’t allow those pet names. Those are her prerogative.)
He paced harder, his deep blue eyes burning like fire. “I don’t even know where she is now.” He noticed Gabriel opening his mouth and cut him off before he spoke. “And I don’t want to know!” he snapped harshly.
Gabriel had opened his mouth already, but doubt snuck into his eyes and he shut it again. "You... you what?"
"The fact that you look like a male underwear model on his time off, helps too of course.” Bal beamed. “Cassie, hon, you look good enough to eat! Come on, I will help you reduce your 'Come-get-me' bubble by dragging you inside, so your sexvoice will be drowned out by the music." He grabbed a stunned Castiel by the hand and pulled him towards the club.
Juliet tilted her head, the red glow in her eyes dimming a bit. She huffed a warm, sulphuric breath over his face before gently fitting her maw over Cas’ neck.
Anything else she wanted to say was drowned out by the slamming of the front door and the exasperated cries of Annette.
The voice was deep and gravelly, and it slipped into Dean’s abdomen. He sat up, disorientated. He… he seemed to be wearing the clothes the other him had on, back on the roof. He stood and took in his surroundings. It looked like his school hallway, but less dank and somber. The dark haired guy came back and took his hand. “Get up, lazy bones. Time for class.” Dean followed the kid, taking in his casual clothing. Dark jeans, ripped even worse than his own, a dark t-shirt with a phoenix on it in loud shades of yellow and orange, emblazoned with the word ‘Rise’, and a button up in purple plaid. What the hell? Why hadn’t principal Adler jumped the guy yet? Especially with him wearing earrings as well, Dean now noticed. The guy’s right ear was adorned by a silver ring with a longish piece of delicate silver chain dangling from it, as well as a simple little silver bar. Then another, smaller silver ring next to that, and two little studs with a black stone even further up the ear.
Castiel, Cassie to his big brothers, Lucien and Gabriel, sighed. Lucien had good reason to refuse Gabriel and Gabriel
The motel was like any Cas had stayed in, in the lower price range, just this side of shabby, and the long hallway had only three and a half working ceiling lights. Bobby and he cautiously made their way down to where the last light was flickering above the door to the room they’d been told Gabe was in. It could be faulty wiring, or a tired old bulb, but they were Hunters, and any flickering light was cause for treading lightly. Casting a glance at each-other, Cas and Bobby stopped at the door. Bobby shrugged, and Cas took a deep breath before knocking.The door opened on a pretty blonde in her underwear. “Well?” she asked after a few awkward seconds. “Where’s our pizza?” The Hunters gaped at her, then glanced at each other. Did they have the wrong room? “Well fuck me sideways,” the girl snapped. “They send two, not one, but
Brushing the crumbs off his lap, Dean got up. "Well, Sire, your chariot awaits!" he exclaimed and motioned to his car.
“Who.. who are you? And... where’s mommy?” the first one one stammered as she recovered. She was at least Cas’ age and he loathed the djinn even more for degrading her like this.
Dean stretched as his alarm went off. He reached beside him, and found nothing but cold bedding. “Cas?” Since he was awoken by his alarm, Dean knew it was just five thirty. Cas usually woke up with him, and they could make out a bit before their day began. Confused, Dean sat up and switched on the light on the bed stand. Then he noticed the little note on Cas’ pillow.
"Gabriel! Honte! You have really angered poor Castiel. If I had not picked the phone out of his hand, he would have used foul language. I can see it in his whole face! S'excuser... vite!" She held out the phone to Castiel, whose temper had lessened somewhat by his mother's actions. He gently put the phone to his ear again.
With a big inhale, Naomi lowered her hands. “Jimmy... Jimmy is psychic. He sometimes has premonitions, and he said that right after he had met you, he had one where he saw you, arguing with a demon.”
of the Hunter life,” he sibilated. “Until mother left us that is. Then he got drawn in, because he thought she’d been possessed. He never, ever gave up on trying to find her and excorsise the demon.”
Bal was leaning against a lamppost, wearing a shit eating grin and another deep V-neck shirt. He pulled Cas into a tight hug and took his face between two hands. “Cassie, baby boy… you look…” He faltered, looked closer and blinked in surprise. “Oh crap. Did someone hurt my bestie?”
Oh. It seemed he now had a regular seat next to a guy he didn’t know, while Lisa suddenly knew who he was and everyone was wearing whatever they seemed to feel like, and… He took his bag and sauntered to the seat next to Castiel. “My head hurts…” he mumbled. Lisa and Jo suddenly grinned widely. “Meori apeuda!” they chanted in unison, smoothly adding: “Side effects!” and squealing. It only added to Dean’s confusion. Since when did these two share interests?
Bobby gave Cas a shrewd look. “You were raised there? So you know all the quirks and spots?” Cas smiled and nodded. “Is the price realistic?” Bobby continued. Cas tilted his head at the screen and sighed. It wasn’t. Of course his money driven mother would want the highest possible price.
Anna shook her pretty, red head. “Castiel, he only dropped that name because it reminded him of your mother. As my second cousin, Naomi is supposed to be closer to me than you, but...”
A hand landed on his lower arm. Castiel turned around to see a man smiling at him. He was slightly older, wearing a V-neck that was just a bit too deep to be decent, and tight pants.
“Dean?” Cas asked, his voice full of hope. Dean bit his lip, his own heart overflowing with hope and joy.
Cas rose, Dean’s hand still in his, and Dean started shaking. Cas didn’t say anything, but just came closer, and closer, until those pink, chapped lips were brushing his. Dean keened and with his free hand he pulled Cas’ head closer, deepening the kiss.
Squinting, a hand against his brow to shield his eyes, he peered through the shimmering air, down the road. At a T-crossing, he saw the outline of a low building. Habitation! That meant water at least! He picked up the pace, hope propelling him forward faster.
Naomi shook her head slowly, tears welling up in her eyes. “No. I am not seeking forgiveness, Castiel. I merely want to explain myself.” She looked up, her mouth pulled down bitterly. “You know we come from a Hunter family. For some reason, a demon targeted my parents. A demon with yellow eyes.”
Cas nearly snorted out in laughter. Oh, if only they knew. “Vraiment?” he huffed instead. “Nothing new under the sun then. Those connards will always argue, always try and make deals, or taunt you.”
“Excuse me, sir. You’re intruding.” Cas swayed a little in place and the world was spinning. Dean glanced at him, rudely shoved Bal to the side and grabbed Cas by the arm, dragging him towards the bathroom.
Jody called for silence, but Gabriel smiled and kept his hand cupping Sam’s ass. “Gonna hold you to that, my moose man,” he whispered and squeezed again. Sam blushed and tried to concentrate on the wedding.
Castiel sighed, a bit overdramatic, but hey, it was his car he was talking about. "He called his boss slash uncle and had her towed to his shop. I just got a text that she is fine."
“Then hang around until I am sober. You need a bed, our house has a big guestroom, Maman and Papa don’t mind if any friends stay over. And I can drive you back, because you need to get Baby from wherever you parked her.”
Cas nodded. “Yeah… You’re cute, sexy and not a club bunny like him. You’d be a way better boyfriend.”
“In case you have forgotten, I am in the same boat. Except that I was the one walking off. But not only did I find out I have a twin, I also hear that my mother is in that same town. Pardon me for not sticking around!” he barked. “I have no wish to see her. Ever.” He drew a shuddering breath, trying to calm himself. “Look, Gabriel, I handled the sprite. You can thank me by getting Danielle out of that awful mistake she calls a marriage. How about that, hein? Just don’t mention my brother, or my mother again.”
Cas landed neatly behind Dean. A blush raced up his cheeks when he felt that solid warm back against his chest. “Comfy?” Dean asked, and only now did Cas realise that Dean had wrapped his arm around Cas’ own and pinned it to his belly. Cas nodded and with a simple tightening of leg muscles and a clack of his tongue, Dean got Imp to start walking.
“Cassie-bear, you slew!” Cas snapped his head around, and his face betrayed pure shock. Dean clenched his fists, ready to punch the annoying little man in the pointy nose, if need be. Sam blinked in surprise, looked down and licked his lips, but also moved to try and shield Cas. Dean was proud of his little brother.
Cas shrugged. “I don’t know. I haven’t seen him since I was fifteen. He’d dropped me off at the Milton compound for training, and I haven’t heard from him since. All I know is how adamant he was to find you. Maybe he got killed during a Hunt. Or he is still looking all over for you and Jimmy. I really don’t know how Chuck’s mind works anymore.”
It was big, black, hideous, and damned scary. Basic outline: a huge dog, but instead of fur, its hide was covered in thick, black scales, shining with some weird ooze. It’s eyes were fiery red, like Crowley’s demon eyes, only more burning. Its teeth, well, best description Cas could think of was a muzzle full of deboning knives. They even glinted like sharp metal.
A laugh rolled through the air and the door opened. “It’s you alright. Only you can make a cuss sound that sexy.”
Vaguely, Cas noticed his nails were digging into his palms, and there were arms around him, tugging. He shook his head and his vision cleared a little. He was nose to nose with his twin. Anna was trying to pull Jimmy away from him, while Gabriel was doing his damnedest to pull Cas back. Cas growled. He’d never been this angry in his life.
Cas hated to admit it, but Dean was right. As the younger sibling, he did tend to try and convince the world of his adulthood by being serious and not joke around. Lighten up and live a little… The phrase made Cas think. “Dean,” he said as Dean pulled his amazing black car up to Cas’ van. Dean hummed and turned off the engine, before turning sideways to face Cas. “... by ‘lighten up and live a little’... Do you mean I should go with my impulses at times?”
A thought sparked in Cas’ brain. “Or both...” he offered. “Maybe the sprite was attached to the wife, and his cheating ass was pissing her off. But killing him would sadden the wife too, so the sprite killed the sidesteps.”
Castiel sat on the stairs outside of the college, tapping out his message to Dean, and enjoying the late fall sunshine. He was pretty happy, considering the start of his day. Gabriel was right, even on days that started out like this one, somehow Castiel always came out fine. He leant back on his elbows and turned his face to the warm rays of the sun. He closed his eyes and let go of everything.The rumble of an engine cut through his bliss sooner than he thought it would. Not quite ready to open his eyes, Castiel stubbornly thought it could be any car. A car door slammed and footsteps came up to him.
“Aw, Sammy,” Dean groused, but he winked at Cas. “Spoilsport.” He turned back to Cas and his smile was more genuine and less teasing this time.
Charlie, besides being a great designer, was also a great friend and very good at all things computer. She even claimed to have hacked the Pentagon, and Dean was inclined to believe her. What that girl could do with a laptop, some energy-drink and ‘asskickin’ tunes’ on her bluetooth headphones, was scary. The clock on the face of the pharmacy flipped its numbers to 18.00 and Dean whistled sharply. “Max! I’m going home! You and Alicia can keep an eye on our peeps, right?”
Over the golden head of his brother, Cas saw Dean cast a questioning look at Sam, who shrugged. “Dude… let the guy breathe. He’s turning purple,” Dean quipped.
“Looking for a monster, huh boys?” she said with a knowing smirk. “C’mon in, cuties!” Gabriel licked his lips, but Cas dug his elbow in his cousin’s ribs.
Cas still couldn’t believe it. Bobby was just giving him the ground he had wanted to buy from the man, once his funds had been sufficient. Dean was still pale, but his colour was slowly returning. “But where will you live? I don’t wanna kick you from your home…” That made Cas proud of his boyfriend. Dean was always thinking of the other person.
Dean sighed, tossed him his clothes and rolled onto his belly to watch Cas get dressed. After he’d pulled on his shirt, Cas cocked his head at Dean. “What are you doing?”
Dean smiled and dove back in to kiss more. Cas loved it and allowed Dean to show him how good kissing could be, secretly feeling glad he got drunk yesterday.
Cas smiled at her. “I don’t know, Maman. I’m just getting used to having friends. I think I have three now...”
Cas cast him a look. “I only pushed and swiped him. He landed on his ass, which should be able to take a pounding by now.” Gabe gasped and covered his mouth, but a grin was visible behind his hand.
“Dean…” His name sounded like a prayer in that voice. Dean snapped out of it. “Coming!” he replied, jogging to catch up. Inside the classroom he saw almost all his classmates, but each and every one was in regular clothing. The only dark green he saw was Aaron’s backpack. What the hell was going on? Dean dazedly took his seat and stared around for a bit.
The smile widened, turned into a grin. "How rude of me. Balthazar, Balthy to lovers or Bal to friends." Castiel shook his hand and tried to pull his own free, but Balthazar held on. "Do you trust me, Cassie?" he asked softly.
Jack smiled warmly. “I like that story. My Papa and Dad are amazing men, and I am glad we found each other.” Papa’s head had shot to Cas and Dean when Jack said their honorifics, and his eyes were suspiciously moist.
Cas, busy admiring his strong hands, hummed. “Just be glad it isn’t Sunday… you’d have to come to church…”
Gabriel tentatively brushed his fingers over the scar. “Holy candy apples! Does it hurt?” he asked, voice trembling.
! To hear how protective Naomi was towards his brother, and yet she’d left him with Chuck, not looking back.
A gruff voice interrupted him. "Naah, not me, boy. This car has only been touched by Dean. He wouldn't hear of anybody else even lookin' at her."
Dean’s jaw dropped. “Wh-what? You just… did all of that?” Cas shifted closer to Dean and took his arm in a tight grip, eyes wide and questioning. Dean could see they were of the same mind. He gave the kid that said he was God, a baffled look.  “Why would you do that? I mean…. End hunger, stop fighting, bring world peace… Why mess with the two of us?”
Cas had dinner, got teased by Gabriel for shoveling it down while his brother did the exact same and claiming it was because he had to get to a friend, showered and put his tight jeans back on. After a quick internal debate, he took the slightly too tight shirt Gabe had made him wear on the night he had met Bal, and pulled it over his head. It was black and with the denim button up open over it, Cas thought he looked pretty okay. He happily drove to the mall and got out of Sweetie. His phone dinged with a message and he checked it.
“Soooooo...” Gabriel cooed, as Cas walked into the living room. “Who’s the Ken doll Luce spotted you with?”
Charles chuckled and ruffled the blonde hair of his new grandson. “I would love to be your Gramps, son.” He sat down and gestured for them all to do the same. “You know, Jack, when your.. ehm… when Castiel got married to Dean, I was a little sad they would not give me grandchildren, but then Dean, smart man that he is, told me that I forgot about the most beautiful option for any couple that could not reproduce, straight or gay: adoption. And I am very happy they have found you, dear boy. You look like a good kid.”
That night Castiel was frowning at the report he was trying to write an essay, hating the blinking cursor with a passion, when his phone rang, jerking him from his blank stupor. Against his habit, he didn't look at the screen to see who was calling.
“Mother, why did you bother with me? You never cared about me. You had Jimmy, father had me. We never heard from you. Hell, until six months ago, I didn’t even
“No… no way…” Cas tilted his head in much the same way Sam just had. His brother stepped from behind the younger boy’s tall frame, his golden eyes wide with shock and shining with tears. “Cassie? Is… is that you?”
Castiel sighed as he stripped down for bed. It had been a long day. When he stepped out of his jeans, something crinkled in the back pocket. With a confused frown, Castiel slipped his fingers in. He never used the back... oh, wait! Bal!
They had just sat down, when the door opened again and Gabriel entered, followed by… “Sam?” Cas and Dean called out in unison. The tall boy froze and Gabriel looked from him to Cas and Dean, and back. He pointed at one, then the other, then back at Sam. “Do you guys
Cas sat up, rubbing his cheeks dry on his shirt sleeve. “No. I’m actually demi-sexual. I need to form a deeper bond with people, before I can experience any sexual urges towards them.”
Instantly all heads turned to him and the jokes stopped. Bobby bit his lip and gave Ellen a pleading look. Ellen leveled him a stare, accompanied by some scary arm crossing. “Oh no you don’t. You made your decision, Bobby Singer. I’m your wife, but I ain’t taking the wheel for ya, because you’re scared of the boys’ reactions,” she sternly said. She picked up a plate and started stacking the rest on it. “I’m here, but you’re the one talking.” Cas swallowed on Bobby’s behalf. That woman was a force on her own.
Naomi ducked her head again, a tear escaping her eye. “I caught him, on the day you and Jimmy were six months old. He stood over your brother and dripped his own blood in Jimmy’s mouth. I kept quiet, but I knew this was bad. I knew your father knew nothing of the Supernatural, and all I could think of was to take Jimmy and leave, to keep at least you and Charles safe from the demon and his crazy agenda.”
He reached down under the bed and pulled out the wrapped gift he had stashed there at arrival. “It ain’t much, but I hope you like it.” Handing over the package, Dean looked away.
“Yes, Dean, I would love that.” Dean kissed him again in that tender way and Cas sighed at the sensation. “I have to get going though. I am feeling the early morning, and I still have to drive home.” Dean let go, but was obviously reluctant, since he kissed Cas again, pulled back, and then pecked a quick kiss on his lips again.
“Let’s start with the easy one, ok sunshine?” Cas bit his lip. The nickname… Tears started to sting his eyes, as he nodded mutely. “The leg. I stupidly didn’t watch my step and tripped over the threshold. That one, to be precise.” Dean pointed at the door opening between the kitchen and living area. “I bumped into that wall unit…”
Castiel put his hands on his hips, to stop them strangling his big brother. "Did you mess with Sweetie too?"
Cas peeked over his shoulder and smiled. “I’m rubbing off on you.” Dean stopped filling in the names on his list and looked up, his beautiful green eyes full of questions. “Echinacea? Beebalm? Darwin tulips? You’re planting a pollinator attracting bed there...and perennial.” Dean blushed and mumbled something. Cas smirked and shoved him gently. “I’m happy you thought of the bees, Dean. Thank you.” Dean actually blushed deeper and ducked further into his books. Cas sighed and hoped his crush on his roommate and best friend would stop making these moments so fragile. He almost blurted out his attraction to the guy, just because he was being adorably shy.
Maman threw Castiel a look, somehow knowing, with her motherly powers, there was more to apologise for. "And...?" she demanded, still bordering Defcon 1 levels of anger.
Cas whimpered and pressed his lips to Dean’s plush mouth. It felt wonderful. Dean gave a soft moan and let his tongue slide over the seam of Cas’ lips. Cas shuddered. That felt… oddly enticing. With a soft sound Dean did it again, causing Cas to let his lips part. Dean moaned and the grip on Cas’ head got stronger as Dean slid his tongue between Cas’ lips and prodded at his teeth. Cas opened up, not sure what was happening, but totally on board with it. Dean’s tongue sought out Cas’ and danced with it. Cas moaned loudly as his boxers got tight. Dean slowly, teasingly pulled back and licked his lips with a rapturous expression. “Mmmhh… Damn you taste good, Cas.”
“You’re right,” he hummed, rubbing his kiss-swollen bottom lip with his thumb. Cas really wanted to bat his hand away and push his own lips on Dean’s again, but he knew they would go too far if he did. Dean gave him a rueful smile and cupped his cheek again with one hand. “Call me once you’re safely home.” Cas promised and pressed that hand against his cheek, before exiting the car.
Castiel moaned as the alarm on his phone gave a tinny version of 'Reveille'. He groped around his bedside table for it and winced at the glare of its screen. After he had shut off the alarm, Castiel noticed the messages. There were several. He opened the app and scrolled to the first one.
Castiel got up and walked down a few steps, when a call from Dean had him stop. "Whoa, whoa, whoa. You are not getting in my car like that, dude!"
He hid his face in his hands and swore off the Purple Nurples forever. Their fruity taste did not balance the horrendous aftermath. A soft knock came to his door. “Cas? Is that you?”
Dean licked his lips, drawing Cas’ eyes to those plush, pink bits of flesh. “Yeah…” he nodded. “Yeah. I think that would be an accurate way to say it. Why?” Cas nodded too, and did just that, following his impulse. He surged forward and pressed his mouth to Dean’s delectable lips. Oh sweet mother… they were soft, plush and sweet… so sweet… He moaned softly and licked along the seam of Dean’s lips to taste him better.
Using what little leverage he could manage within the small box, he punched at the wood, ignoring splinters and scrapes, he kept going, until the planks cracked and he got a face full of dirt, tumbling down from the hole he’d punched.
Dean’s eyes fles to Cas’ face, wide and unbelieving. “You… Really? But… I thought you were too focussed on your career to be bothered by romance… or maybe that you were Ace.”
Cas instantly got up and followed him to his room. “Are you okay, Dean,” he asked once the door was shut. Dean smiled, That was his sensitive angel. Always aware of the other person's mood.
They were on the sofa, entangled in a way that had chased off Sam and Bobby, when the doorbell rang.  Reluctantly, Dean surfaced. “Nuts… I’ll get it.” He cast a last, longing glance at Cas, noting how sexy his boyfriend looked with his hair all mussed and his lips pink and kiss-swollen. “Be right back, cutie. It’s probably someone for Bobby.”
A cold shiver ran up Cas’ spine. “Ferme ta gueule, Crowley. I could have run into my mother today...”
They kissed softly, lovingly for a minute or two, or maybe three years. Dean didn't notice anything until Gabriel wolf whistled. “Attaboy, Dean-bean! Now you treat my brother tight, or I’m going biblical on your cute ass.” Sam shoved him, but not hard.
Cas ducked his head, uncharacteristically cowed by this smart lady. “Yes. I did. I am... désolé, sorry, to bother you, Madamme, but our information shows your mari, your husband?” She nodded. Encouraged, Cas moved on. “He knew each and every one of the victims.”
Jack smiled back and extended his hand to Papa. “Hello, I am Jack. I am the new son of Castiel and Dean. Can I call you Gramps, or would you prefer the French equivalent?”
Luce tapped his lips with his index finger. “Nope. I don't think I will. You see, Cassie, I see you and Ken doll here, standing way too close, and then he wipes at your mouth... after which you two stare at each other like moonsick idiots. I wanna know what’s going on here.”
Dean sniggered and passed him a note block and a pen. Swiftly Castiel  jotted down his name and number.
“I think you have found the right motel, love,” Cas said. “I sense the presences much stronger now. They are in the last room of that building.” He pointed to the last of four identical blue doors. “Shall I fly us in? You seem to be handling angel flight better and better.” Dean smiled warmly and did not care to explain that it was Cas’ flying he was handling better. Cas kissed him and flew them off.
“Cas… Damnit… I want this so bad… But… Are you sure you want this? I mean… it sure felt like it, but… I didn’t say it to have you feel obliged to kiss me.” Cas looked him over and shifted in his seat, Dean’s green eyes were darkened and his lips reddened and spit slick. He looked so good. Cas took a deep breath and bit his own lip.
Gabriel’s eyes grew wide in horror. "No! What's wrong with her? Oh, wait, you’re as mechanically apt as a seamonkey... so, what did you do? Call AAA?"
“Salaud, branleur... va te faire enculer!” he ground out, his already deep and gravelly voice dropping even lower in tone.
Charlie sent him a quick ‘IDK. Need deets ASAP’ before she logged off. Checking the time, Dean thought they must have been between lessons. Progressive as Mrs. Mosely was, cell phones had to be off during class. And she somehow always walked in if someone was using it. So Charlie always dutifully turned it off.
Looking smug, Crowley smirked. “Nah. The plan was to have some sort of messed up ‘Hunger Games’-like showdown somewhere remote, but a couple of nosy bodies managed to prevent it. They stopped the opening of the Devil’s Gate, and somehow managed to kill Azazel.” He looked pensive all of a sudden. “Still wonder how those dumbasses did it. It’s not easy, taking down one of the Princes.”
Gabriel raised one eyebrow and tilted his head. “Seriously? You just barge in, no ‘Hello, nice to see you, after two, no, nearly three years.’ Bit disappointing, cousin.”
The car was pulled over to the curb and through the window, Castiel could see Gabriel’s apartment building. With his arms folded, Castiel stubbornly stared at the building entrance.
Internally, Castiel screamed at the name. So stereotypical, a bleach-blonde girl, overly perfumed and caked in makeup, called Starla. Gabriel smiled at her, and brought his mouth to her ear to tell her something. Castiel shuddered.
Jimmy dropped his gaze to his hands, which he held loosely in his lap. “No. I know of them, and I know our legacy, so to speak, but mother... Mother refuses to have anything to do with that.”
Cas smiled at him and cupped his cheek before kissing him sweetly on the cheek again. “You have a romantic heart, Dean. As a Francaise, Maman will approve. Come, we will have to hurry.” He pushed open the door to the dining room and caught a smiling Annette, setting another place.
“Eh… well… mmhh.. huh… imagine that,” Dean mumbled, and Cas looked up. His best friend and secret crush wasn’t looking back, and his cheeks were positively flaming. Oh.. ooohhh. Had he been so wrong in believing Dean did not feel anything beyond a close friendship for him?
Castiel slapped his butt some more, even though Dean had said it looked fine. "I didn't! It had to be pointed out to me... by Dean!"
When Dean came home he stopped dead in his tracks when he saw Cas and Claire waiting for him. “Oh, oh. What happened?” Claire ducked her head, but Cas gave him a reassuring smile. “Right. let me just put the perishables away, and I will come talk to you.” Cas loved how his husband always knew what was going on in his mind.
He turned around and opened the door of his car. “Meet me at the motel?” he asked teasingly. “I do enjoy your company.”
Basically it was all Cas’ doing. He had asked Sam, as a lawyer, to come along to the viewing with Bobby and Ellen, and he had also texted Gabriel to tell him about the plans. Since it was about his surrogate parents, Dean had wanted to tag along too.
“Christo!” he called, but neither man’s eyes changed. Behind him he could hear the curtain to the other room shift.
Maman ruffled his hair. “Then they must be special, non? You are not one to easily open up to strangers.”
“Why aren’t you sitting next to Castiel?” Dean blinked at her, then followed her pointing thumb. Castiel was apparently the new boy’s name. Cool as he seemed, why would Dean sit next to him? Castiel had tilted his head at Dean, almost like he had the same question burning on his lips. Dean bit on his lower lip. Something very strange was going on.
“So, I slice the bun open and stack all the other things in it, placing the top back on. Then what would I have?"
"No fair!!!" he whined. "You have the sex-voice, the sex-hair, the sex-eyes, the sexy bod and now a sexy car? Where did I go wrong?"
Cas merely blinked. “Absurde! The best demon is a dead one.” He stood, clearly ending this conversation. “Well, maman,” he said, sarcasm ladled thick on the moniker. “As you have seen, I am in perfect health, both physical and mental. Do tell Bobby not to worry so much. The old nounours could get a high bloodpressure.” He guided his mother from the cabin, pushing her gently in the back. Naomi was objecting softly, but she went. “Castiel!” she called, just before he wanted to close the door. He stayed his hand, quirking one eyebrow at her. “Quoi?” he wanted to know.
“Samuel, you should know better than to ship yer students off t’me. I am aware you and th’ Archangel are joined at th’ hip, but can’t the cute birdie decide on his own clothing?” Cas shook his head and flew to the Witching Corridor, where he found Rowena pounding on Sam’s office door.
Quickly he clapped a hand over his mouth. Maman was a light sleeper and could hear a foul mouth in the cellar, whilst standing in the attic. He sat up, grabbed his phone and flopped back with a huff. One glance and he was hard pressed to refrain from further cussing.
"Come on, baby bro... I was just watching out for you..." The annoying bit was that Gabriel meant it, and Castiel knew it.
Bobby glared at him from under the hood of Rufus’ old car. “I ain't got kids of my own, Rufus. You know that. Taking in these boys is my way of making up for past mistakes. I like these kids. And you know Dean is happier with Cas around.” Bobby gave the old grouch a sly smirk. “As I understood it, you were the one directing him to us in the first place…” Rufus grumbled something about Cas wanting to know, but Bobby shook his head. “You’re an old softie. You felt the boy was worried, and wanted to ease it.” Another inaudible rumble, and Bobby rolled his eyes. “You grumpy sourpuss. Was there ever a time you were nice?”
She pouted, pushed her glasses up her nose, and waved him in. “Don’t I know it,” she grumbled. “My name is Danielle Pike, wife to, can you believe it, Mike Pike. It never fails to get a snigger.” She turned her bright, smart eyes on him again. “But I guess you already knew his name, being a Fed and all...”
a gift for me. Not since kindergarten. I am so honoured that you took all the time and effort to do this.”
Cas swatted in vainly at his brother’s hands. “Hey! Gabey!” Gabriel didn’t pay him any mind and rucked the shirt up over Cas’ left nipple.
Castiel balked at that. "Excuse me? I am just here for my brother. Your assumptions about my sexuality are unfounded and I'm not content with your service. I will report this."
Sipping a cooled strawberry cordial, Gabriel beamed. “He’s not? Then who is he? Ooh! Is it a Mystery Lover from the club?” He sounded like an excited six year old, and Cas sighed.
With a happy smile, Cas replied he’d be there and turned to Sam, who was also smiling. “D said he was gonna buy me Japanese, and then give me a ticket to this movie I want to see. It’s totally not his thing, so he is going out with his friend. I can walk home from the theater, or get an Uber, so I won’t bother him. Maybe I can get this guy I know to join me…”
“Oh! That’s right. You said you had a surprise for me!” Looking like an excited little kid, Cas sat down on the bed and put his hands on his knees. Dean had to bend over and kiss him on the nose. He was adorable.
"Right... if you wanna come... there's a car show two counties over. All classics, it's like a fair, only now it's more fun because: cars!"
"He looks good enough to eat, Gabriel," a blonde bombshell cooed, lifting her own glass with sickly green liquor to her, too red, lips. Castiel could smell her oppressive perfume from where he stood. A feat on its own, since they were in a club and nearly everyone there wore cologne or perfume. "Aw, come on Cassie... give Starla here a chance."
Dean licked his lips and ducked his head shyly. “We… we kissed… and… and now we’re boyfriends.” There. The big thing that was building inside his chest was out and said. He eyed Ellen nervously. Ellen looked absolutely like a proud and nostalgic momma, and Dean was pleased as punch Ellen’s daughter Jo wasn’t there. Jo was as fierce as her momma, but without the restraint that came with age. In short, Jo was a firecracker and their little sis was very protective of them, Dean especially, which had Dean wonder whether she hadn’t harboured a bit of a crush on him once.
In the end they agreed that Cas would indeed pay off his controlling parents and then they would find jobs, until Dean could buy in on Cas’ business and make it theirs. At that point Joshua walked up to them and told them about job openings he knew in the city planning department. Dean had to sit down and take it all in. Jody hugged him close, invited Gabriel along for dinner and said that tomorrow was a great day to set all these future plans in motion.
Cas bit his lip and blinked at the tears forming in his eyes. “I’m sorry I got mad at you, Claire.” Dean gave him an exasperated, yet fond look.
Had Raphael really been conspiring with Abaddon? Michael was sure the demon hadn't a clue what he was speaking of... But then again, Crowley wasn't one to necessarily/ lie/ but simply to emit certain aspects of the truth...
"How's that been going for ya? Never had a man chase you out a bar before?" he joked, shaking his head in amusement. Yeah, so he admitted to pretending from time to time to be some homosexual, Michael shouldn't take it weird right? He wasn't actually like that. Nope.
"My Princes." She chirped raising her head with shining eyes "I will get you all served." She added turning to her task.
"What? Pfft no!" Dean scoffed tying his robe around him and glancing to the vary obvious nest "Is it obvious?" The older Winchester croaked
"Good." She chuckled with a swish of her hips as she walked away, she paused and looked over her shoulder "The hip swish was not for you your Majesty." She tossed him a wink and scurried off to clean Dean's chambers.
"You know she was right, and you, you are the one that is scared because you cannot accept the facts! It's fate Chuck. You know that!" John's voice echoed in the empty dining room
“Yes,” Jimmy replied snidely. “I bet that’s why she broke up with father. She hated that he was one of you.”
Weighing his options, Crowley squinted at him. “Princes of Hell. Four of them,” he finally said. “Azazel, Asmodeus, Remiel and Dagon. They’re old, Castiel. Older than most of us. And they’re powerful! Azazel was the most... ambitious. He was loyal to the big Plan. I don’t know what that is, but he once told me it was set in motion and it would happen one way or another. He did seem to like Jimmy best of all the choices.” Crowley shrugged. “I don’t know why. The kid is positively scrawny compared to some of the others, plus his ability is a passive one, where Max can move things telekinetically, and Andy can make people do what he wants, Jimmy just has those premonitions, or visions.” He smirked. “Quite useless, if I say so myself. But Azazel was positive James was going to be the One. The leader of the Demon Army that was supposed to march out of the Devil’s Gate. Never happened, never will happen. The nosy twats took the key with them, after they killed him. Inconsiderate I tell you.”
Cas sighed. How did he get so lucky and unlucky at the same time? Lucky because Dean was a total sweetheart and wouldn’t force him into anything, unlucky because Dean was such a sweetheart and wouldn’t even kiss him now Cas finally had found the courage to act.
"I have received calls from both Gabriel and Lucien. They seemed upset... Well, Gabriel more than Lucien, but if even Lucien is pushing to hear if you got home..."
“I’ll be fine in a bit, Castiel. Don’t worry,” Sam replied, his voice only a smidge warmer than when he’d spoken to Jo.
Sitting up straight, Cas glared at his cousins. “I have hunted alone for nearly a decade. And I still live. My training at the Milton compound has helped, I agree, but I have hunted alone more than I have hunted with a partner. As you said yourself, Gabriel, I’m just not a teamplayer.”
