The helmet was pulled off his head and Tony could finally breathe. He choked out all the water in his lungs and gasped, turning onto his side and breathing through the burning in his chest and the constricted feeling of
The others slowly started up a new conversation, and Tony was buzzing with the energy to talk and interact, but he paused and thought about it. Clint wasn’t kidding when he said he hadn’t missed Tony’s constant talking. The others probably felt the same.
Shunned by his only friend on the team, Tony wandered off to find someone else to annoy. Almost twenty minutes and two laps around the mansion and he got nothing.
“I’m sorry, guys, but we aren’t getting anywhere. We need to go back to the tower and come up with a new plan; Tony is resourceful, and I’m sure he’ll be fine until we find him.” There was a great amount of grumbling and huffing, but they all turned around, and started the trek home.
“Tony, can you hear me? Tony?” Someone was saying, and after a few seconds Tony realized it was Rhodey. The person trapping him wasn’t Rhodey but he heard him, he just had to get away and keep running,
Tony was sprawled on the cushion-less couch and
Tony found a chew toy and laid next to the couch in the living room while he worked his jaw on it, thinking up designs and improvements in his head. The team had gone back to letting SHIELD repair their broken equipment after missions which Tony took as a personal insult. If they let him back into his lab he could do it just fine- though it might take longer, without fingers to manipulate the holograms with.
“If I sign it will you shut up and go away?” Tony abruptly interrupted her with a louder than needed suggestion.
“I happen to like it.”
“Honey, maybe if you-” Natasha said, motioning to the gate.
“Brought you a pig,” said Tony, tossing the charcoaled carcass onto Steve’s grave. “It’s all that’s left of those bastards that did this to you.
of him wasn’t up for it. Steve had insisted on a ‘no work’ rule during their weeklong vacation. Meaning Tony had to schedule one of his famous ‘weeks of hell’ and consolidate two weeks’ worth of work into seven days. Three or four late nights in the lab, almost a dozen extra meetings so the company could stay on track, not to mention any emergency calls the Avengers had to respond to. To describe his condition as ‘tired’ was an understatement. Tony was bone-deep exhausted.
“Bruce is taking a break. Wants to talk to me about options,” said Tony, running a hand through his hair.
“Oh dear god,” Tony groaned, hiding his head in the palm of his hand. “How much did you hear?”
Quite the coincidence, but Tony’s not about to tell her that. “In that case, I’ll be on my way. Enjoy your dinner, Missus Barnes.”
Tony jumped out of his hiding spot and into Steve’s arms. Tony wrapped his small arms around Steve’s neck latching on like a leech. “I didn’t mean to,” he cried into Steve’s shoulder. His entire body was shaking. “I know I’m a big boy and I’m supposed to sleep all by myself, but I forgot. Everything’s so different and scary. First there were those guys in yellow hazmat suits. And they kept poking and prodding me and asking me questions. And I was so scared. And I didn’t know what to do. And then you came. And I… I… Please don’t let him hurt me.”
“I wouldn’t have to if you guys stopped bullying him.”
When Tony pulled away, he was all smiles. “Now I’m married to Captain America too,” he giggled with innocent joy.
“I don’t know,” said Bruce with a shrug. “Punch to the diaphragm? Asthma? Shell shock? Cracked ribs? Punctured lung? You’re going to need to be more specific than that.”
“Sir,” her voice dripped with tired annoyance. “We have a lot of people that work here at Stark Industries, and not all of them stay for a very long time. Take me, for example. I’ve only been here for a few weeks. So you’ll have to excuse me if I don’t know who you’re talking about.”
“Well, I don’t know,” Steve drew out the slow contemplative words like saltwater taffy. Tony almost doubled over with laughter. Steve looked like he was really considering the possibilities of other prohibition providers. Face all scrunched up, looking a little green in the gills.
Expensive whisky glugged out the glass and soaked the ground. Rivers of amber liquid flowed back and forth across the headstone, washing off months of dirt and grime from between the crevices. The empty carving of Steve’s name filled with temporary spirits. Then his birth. Then his death. Once the grave and the ground were adequately soaked, Tony shook off the remaining drops and shoved the empty bottle back into his bag.
“I’m talking about you, idiot,” he said, swinging his way in front of Steve’s path. He couldn’t hide the smile on his face even if it killed him. “You get me the number of who you provide for, and I’ll make sure you get the run of your life.”
Steve looked down at the large, red stain on his shirt. Bucky’s blood. Bucky’s life plastered to his chest. Steve thought about how good it would look paired with a set of freshly bloodied knuckles. He clenched his fists, feeling the tense energy in his shoulders roll into his hands like choppy waves before a storm.
He scribbled his name as fast as he could. It was messier than his usual signatures, less flare and more faded lines, but considering the mood he was in and the fact that was no solid surface under the easily tearable pink slip, it would have to do. He shoved the pen and the paper back into her hands. “Okay. I signed your stupid form. Now will you please piss off?” he asked, angry venom leaking into his voice.
Tony’s face solidified into stern determination. “Steve, tell me what’s going on!” His voice was firm as if talking to a subordinate rather than a friend.
Steve licked his lips at the sight of Tony’s dusty nipples pebbling up in the cool air. But something was wrong. Tony’s chest was riddled with scars, but none of them made any sense. Raised flesh branched out from the center of Tony’s chest like tree roots searching for water. But the area over Tony’s heart, the place the scars should have been thickest, was completely smooth.
The wolf dug his claws into the ground and growled at him again.
“And didn’t even need a loan to get ‘em. Looks like somebody has been able to take care of herself,” Sam joked, trying to lighten the mood.
Tony understood that. Understood why she had to leave. Why they couldn’t be together anymore. It didn't stop the hurt though. Didn’t stop the guilt when he caught himself looking at someone else. Most likely, it would never stop, just fade to hurt less. “Couldn’t leave even if you wanted,” he said, with a pained smile. “I sign your checks.”
“Barton. I thought you were surveying,” Tony was suddenly conscious of the location of his hand on his assistant’s ass. When did that get there?
“I beg to differ,” interrupted a voice. Steve froze. Caught with his hand in the cookie jar. He tried to play it off as cool as he could, but a quick look around revealed that he wasn’t the only one feeling on edge.
He stepped out, the elevator soon filling with dark suits headed back to work. “Steve,” he timidly called out into the mess of bodies. Tony tried to look for the familiar shape of Steve’s figure, the familiar sheen of light reflecting off short blond hair, the familiar timbre of his voice that ingrained itself into Tony’s soul long ago.
Tony thought, occasionally glancing at himself as he passed shop windows. He was a darker brown with a black saddle pattern, like the standard German Shepherd. How the hell was he going to convince his team that he was the real Tony? Clint was the only one that seemed to even like dogs.
Tony thought, staring down at the horrible-smelling bowl of dog food with a small white pill sitting on top. He’d actually gotten hungry enough the night before to try a bite, and it was even worse than it smelled. There was
“Are these my new threads?” asked Rhodey, running his fingers against the cool silver metal.
God, Tony was going to have to do this. He hated having to do this. “Look, I’m going to be honest with you; Fluffy, sorry, Steve, or at least, the Steve that you knew isn’t fully there right now. Maybe seeing you will jog his memory, but I don’t want you to get your hopes up. He’s pretty much all wolf in there and, well, it’s going to take more than seeing a few familiar faces for him to come back from that.”
He pulled a bottle of whiskey out of his bag and popped the top. He reached back into his bag to grab a tin cup, but when his eye caught the name on the gravestone, a wave of sadness washed over him.
“That’s fine. That’s more than fine.” Steve didn’t bother to suppress the smile on his face.
“You… um…,” the man stuttered. “You wouldn’t happen to have any more donuts, would you?”
“No, Tony. A man can be a husband, but he can’t be a wife,” Steve said, absentmindedly as he began washing the now empty bowl.
The awkward silence was back in full force. Steve racked his brain for something to say. Something that wouldn’t come off as too forward or too distant. But as soon as he came up with something that would be a suitable middle ground, Tony muttered a “bye” and began to walk off, away from Steve.
Hurt. They had been hurt bad. The limping. The blood. The missing of limbs. The shadows of the past still haunted his dreams no matter how many sleeping pills he took. Next time, it would be worse. He couldn’t do anything about it now. All he could do was prepare for the next time.
“On your own,” she said, implying something more.
Bruce shrugged. “Well, for one, you’ve been in a better mood right now than you have been in days despite the fact that you had to sit still for stitches. And from the wounds, I can only assume you were trying to defend someone's honor.”
“How did you draw me honey muffin?” he asked, squatting down on the open bench next to him with a big smile spread across his face.
The Iron Man systems sprung to life, the blue light offering Tony one last hope. It was a small hope, a dangerous hope, one that might mean death for the both of them if something went wrong. But if it meant both Steve and Tony getting out of this mess alive, Tony would take that chance. Exposing his chest as much as he could, Tony released the unibeam straight into Steve’s chest.
Clint smiled as he slid into the chair at one of the workstations. He was baiting Tony and they both knew it. “Looked like our boss was looking for a bit of fun on the wild side.”
Steve let out a frustrated sigh. “I’m not taking you out of this, am I?”
Coast clear, she slipped into the shadows of the night without a trace.
“Bye.”
"Tony," Steve breathed the name like it was precious life on his lips. "It's perfect." In his hands, Steve held the highest quality sketch pad he had ever seen. How many times had he pinned after that earthy brown cover as it stood steadfast like a soldier in the storefront window off 3rd street? Every time he passed it, Steve always lingered a few seconds more than necessary to marvel at the quality before moving on his way. It was a dream, like so many others, that he had left only for fantasies because of his reality. He didn’t have the time. He didn’t have the money. And yet, he was holding it in his hands. A pad of sketch paper and a set of expensive charcoal sticks. The firm thickness of the pages pressing against his fingers reminding him that, yes, this was real.
Steve cocked his head to the side. “Weren’t you listening when Coulson filled you in? He told you everything we know about the Dollhouse, about your injury, about what Director Stane did to you.”
He looked around at all that he had to do: keep his company afloat and in the dark, plug the leak in his company, finish the suits, maintain his commitments to the Iron Family, start up a new business, follow up with the booze deal with Steve, and keep Obie in the dark about everything.
“And you’re short,” said Steve, returning the smile tenfold.
Tony nodded, trying not to think about the splattering of blood on Rhodey’s legs as they slowly grew with each passing second. “Don’t worry,” reassured Tony with a forced smile. “We’ll get Bruce right on it. You’ll be as good as new in no time. You’ll see.”
Steve could see Sam repressing the desire to scoff in disbelief. “Have you even seen how he looks at you? If either of you was a dame, you’d be making out against the wall right now.”
“Where do you think you’re going, you little piece of Spic shit?” spat Rumlow as he shook off the remains of his bindings.
The passenger side of the jeep closed and out came a man with dark, scraggly hair and ever darker bags under his eyes.
Tony ran a hand along the back of his neck, trying to hide the blush in his cheeks. “I… um… I miss you, too.”
“Anthony,” he said with a calloused grip of his hand. Working man then.“But everyone calls me Tony.”
“Whatever you say,” Tony said with a roll of his eyes.”
“You can’t do that Tony,” challenged Stane. “You can’t shut down an entire company just because you feel like it.”
"And the juice?" he asked, securing the pad in a safe place for later.
“But Ms. Potts,” she squeaked.  “The paperwork-”
“But I’m not wrong, am I?”
“Really really.”
Both Steve and Bucky were wounded from the blast, but it looked Bucky had it the words. Smoke, dust, gunpowder, and heat burns caked most of his body. Enough that the government might consider assigning him as another color if asked. The red burns pulsed with rage, and the black burns smoked grey from the leftover heat. Bucky’s mouth hung open, panting in short breaths. Clear beads of sweat rolled down his face leaving clean streaks of skin in their wake.
, he could get hurt-”
“Wait a second. We’re all going to pack ourselves into
“Tony!”
“God, you guys are always so lovey-dovey after not seeing each other for like ten hours.” Clint sighed, and Steve shot him a glare potent enough to make the cat shut his jaw with a click.
“I’m appalled, Steve. I can’t believe you’d think I’d sink to such lows. Pussy is another word for cat and nothing more.” Tony pretended to look serious, but as soon as Steve cracked up laughing his own composure broke and they both spent the rest of the walk to medical in a fit of giggles.
‘Fucking magic’, Tony sighed. He always felt like that after an encounter with everybody’s favorite helmet-head. The sense of wrong only got more potent when he first opened his eyes.
“Thor, I’m-” Tony choked and started to hack, inhaling more water through his mouth as he gasped for breath. “I’m in the water! I’m-” The water was too high in Tony’s helmet for him to talk, and he forced himself to breathe through his nose despite his lungs screaming for more air.
“Sure, sure. As long as you sign some kind of NDA by the time you leave, I’m happy.” Fury said, leaning comfortably back into his chair.
why you two thought it was an amazing idea to drag the entire team- the off-duty team, if I remember correctly- down into a clusterfuck of this magnitude, just to go looking for one person. A person SHIELD has tabs on, by the way. A person who is completely fine and actually being rounded up as we speak. Can you explain this to me?” Coulson hissed, a sour smile twisting his lips. His eyes, on the other hand, contrasted nicely by quietly screaming ‘murder’. All of them were taken aback by his anger.
This was the
“Tony Stark is okay, kid. Extenuating circumstances have kept him out of the country, with family. It’s a private situation.” Natasha covered smoothly, and the other members of the team subtly relaxed.
Tony wondered. He darted between its legs, and kicked out the back of the knees. If it was indeed modeled after his specs, it wouldn’t be able to recover very fast from a blow there.
“I don’t want any trouble, I was just-”
sapient? This is so cool-” Peter paused, face slowly turning into a frown. “...Wait. I’ve been baby-talking you for two whole days, and I put you on a leash. Sorry about that...” Peter’s face was turning pink, and Tony almost laughed. He typed out, ‘No big deal’ on the phone, and Pete smiled. “Cool. So, like, are you a sapient cat, or were you a human turned into a cat, or-”
“That’s a good idea. Pete? Get your food to go, Coulson used the Mom Voice.” The other cats laughed, and Tony’s ears went flat. “Wait, how did you do that? Laughing hurts my throat- wait, come on-” Tony jumped off the table after his team-mates, who were sticking close to Coulson’s heels.
“I wonder what’s gotten into him.” She muttered, distracted as the oven timer reminded her not to burn her cookies.
are you doing? Turn me back or so help me, I’ll-”
to tell them. Sometimes he made such split-second decisions that there was barely time to breathe before he was changing plans. He’d seen the girl drowning and didn’t even think before he was shooting towards her and getting her back to the docks where there hadn’t been anyone around to see her fall. He’d found a SHIELD medical tent and dropped her off there, but by then Thor had had to step in and save Clint from falling down into the collapsing building, and everyone was pissed because Tony wasn’t answering the comms.
The hands let him go and Tony made his escape, vaulting out of the water, feet sliding on the floor until he found traction and then he was gone- running as fast and hard as his legs would carry him.
“Alright spider-guy, debrief room is this way. Bruce, would it be alright if you grabbed some sandwich stuff from the fridge downstairs? We’ll get settled while we wait for Fury.” Steve said, gently steering the kid with a hand on his shoulder.
Just because Loki turned him into a dog didn’t mean he suddenly had the mind of one. Steve was probably just using the opportunity to take out his anger at Tony for not being his father- that had to be it. Tony knew that Steve wasn’t the kind of guy to be mean or cruel just for the sake of it, so it was something Tony did, and that was definitely at the top of his list of faults, according to the man himself. It would definitely be the one Steve was so angry about. One of his last connections to his past was Tony Stark; and he’d let Cap down in every aspect he possibly could relating to
, just because he wanted to stay on the couch?” Pepper’s face was flushed angrily, and Tony’s nerves shot up at the confrontation.
“I’m fine, the comms always seem to go dead whenever I get near the source of the energy readings.” Tony said, and he heard an angry huff over the line.
“Anthony-” One of the cats huffed, momentarily cutting off as the air was knocked out of him. “-for the love of Asgard, get. This. Hack. Off. Me!” Loki growled in between blows, scratching and kicking for all he was worth as he got his ass handed to him by a heftier tabby cat of unknown origin. Tony almost laughed out loud, sitting down and watching the scuffle with amusement.
“What’s the plan, Iron Man?” Steve asked, shoulder pressed against Tony’s as they surveyed the land in front of them. All of the houses were at least partially torn up, and one or two were just rubble. There was a distant thundering of the mechanical snake tearing up ground as it went, but the road they stood on was eerily silent, without even a breeze to kick up dust.
“I think Steve is onto something.” Maria called. They looked over to see her holding out her phone, and it was pinging softly. “I’ve got a reactor signature right next to you guys.” Steve stuck his head behind the dumpster, and was almost surprised when he hooked a paw into the helmet and yanked it out. He’d been hoping for Tony himself.
“Who’s under that? Which of you is which? Widow, report.” He said, and Natasha stepped forwards to sit in front of his feet. He called each of their names (Clint had to be shoved forwards by Steve, since he had no idea what was going on), and grimaced as he eyed the cape. “That’s Tony, isn’t it?” He sounded resigned as he set down the uniforms and crouched next to the bundle. None of them knew how to tell him that it was actually Loki, and that the cat was fine anyways. Coulson lifted up the edge and his eyebrows scrunched up. The rest of the Avengers paced around him anxiously.
“It won’t help you, but if you swear on your mother’s grave to be careful, you can go in with me and find Nat,
“Kid, I’m fine. You need to just, chill out. Do some yoga, meditate, whatever it is you need to do.” Tony meowed, unconsciously kneading his paws against the kid’s sternum. Why hadn’t he become a cat before now? The slow strokes across his fur were practically melting him into a fuzzy puddle.
Tony trotted over to a tree and found an appealing stick, flopping down on his side next to the trunk so he could gnaw out his anger and think, which were two of the very few options he had left. He needed to convince them that he was at least more than a normal dog. They wouldn’t believe that he was Tony, but maybe they would take him in if they thought he was a meta-dog of some sort? What the hell was he supposed to do, spell out ‘I’m not a dog’ in the dirt?
“Do any of you guys want to watch a movie? You have movies, right?” Peter asked uncertainly, shrinking into himself a fraction when he was met with silence. JARVIS decided to take pity on the kid and spoke up.
“Hello, dog.” Thor bent down, setting his hammer on the sidewalk as he brought himself down to eye-level. Tony was suddenly hit with a wave of respect; Thor was the most kind-hearted and courteous out of them all, so much so that he was treating a dog just like he would a human, and Tony was so grateful for it that he wanted to cry.
There was of course the obvious spot where the doors were missing, but Tony was getting a bad feeling about the whole place, so he went around to the side of the church to squeeze through a gap in a collapsed section of wall. His fur was standing nearly on end by the time he was inside.
“Well, Raven is in custody, so there aren’t any urgent matters to attend to, besides ordering better food. And new furniture for the living room.”Coulson responded.  At that, Tony made a hacking sound, and Coulson’s face flashed with a brief grimace before settling back into unsettling neutrality. “Sorry, Tony. I was busy when he woke up, and I didn’t get to him before he got to the couch. It’s only cosmetic, no walls or windows or doors-”
“So you’re saying that you’re Tony?” Bruce sounded surprised, then he frowned. “Prove it. What’s the name of our secret boyband? What happened to you and Rhodey in the summer of ‘93? What blend of coffee is your favorite? Which Kardashian do you think is ridiculous?” Bruce asked, and Tony went right back at it, paw swiping across the paper as fast as he could legibly write.
“You hit the coffee table? It must’ve been pretty hard, what were you doing?” Steve asked, inspecting the ground around the table. Tony huffed in annoyance- how was he supposed to explain without words?
, sir-” An indignant squawk was heard in the background before Cap turned off his comm.
“Peter, calm down, and give Pepper the phone, please.”
Tony choked on his panic for a few seconds and tried to rein himself in. He was quite suddenly nearsighted- extremely nearsighted. Tony could only see for twenty feet or so before everything was just a blur of movement and gray. The gray was what truly freaked him out; everything was dull, unsaturated, and it was like he was in a whole different world. Tony could still see the green of the dumpster he was next to, and the silver cans, but the rest was strange. The bricks that made up the walls on either side of the alley were a mossy-yellow color. The more he looked around, the more he felt his heart pounding. Tony’s armor was completely disassembled and scattered around him. It was green and yellow. He tried to stand up, and promptly flopped back down.
“Hello? Peter, honestly, I have paperwork to-” Coulson was on speaker again, and Peter went straight to the point.
they decided it was dark enough for Tony leave and get the readings. The town was abandoned anyways, so Tony was really restless and irritated about being forced to wait so long.
“Turn your leg a bit more. Keep going.” Hannah was saying, behind a window with Steve and Bruce while Tony laid on the table underneath a lead jacket. He growled in pain as he tried to get the angle she wanted and was nearly ready to toss off the jacket and see himself out when there was a beep, and she told him he could relax.
“Alright, we can do red.” Peter picked out a matching leash and harness, and Tony barely had time to voice his displeasure at the notion of exercise before the teen was bouncing into a new isle. “Last thing- cat litter. Aunt May has some spare totes somewhere that we can use.” Peter grabbed up a random bag and led the way to the checkout counter. The cashier glanced over at Tony with mild interest before she began to scan the items.
But his end never came. Instead, Tony cracked open an eye to see Spider-Man standing over him, the bot stuck to a wall in what looked like a huge spider web.
“Stark, what the hell? You triggered the alarm because you couldn’t handle a
“You have been working for fourteen hours, Sir.” JARVIS sounded a little irritated, so Tony decided to appease him and take a break. He skipped a few paces until he jumped onto his rolling chair, which travelled to the kitchenette with his momentum. Tony ended up within arm’s reach of the fridge and he peered in to find leftover Thai-Fusion from the last time he ordered in. It was only a few days old so he chucked it in the microwave and plugged in the blender, which excited Dummy so much that he nudged Tony’s chair out of the way so he could make the smoothie himself.
“Captain Rogers stopped by at 11:15.” Tony rubbed a hand over his mouth in thought. Cap was frustrating and confusing- he was doing little things like that all the time. He brought down food at least once or twice a day. Then, whenever Tony went up and actually talked with the guy, he was hot and cold. They could be having a pleasant conversation one minute, and a screaming match the next. Tony had paid close attention to figure out what set the man off but found nothing. No matter what he did, Cap would suddenly get closed off and defensive, and things would be said that they both regretted but refused to talk about. Steve would apologize by bringing Tony food and giving the bots a little TLC, while Tony would give Steve’s armor a few extra upgrades and introduce him to a new book or movie that he knew Steve would like. The next week the cycle would repeat. Tony had a hard time managing the constant whiplash of the whole thing, to be frank.
“We were gone for like, six hours. What happened?” Clint said, picking up an empty cushion husk and tossing it onto a chair. Steve shook his head.
Finally, with a breath of pure relief, Tony spotted the wing of a Shield quinjet sticking out between the buildings a few streets down. There were agents rushing around it and directing people to safety. One of them turned in Tony’s direction and seemed to spot him, because the figure started to beckon urgently.
“Now that introductions are over-” Steve said, while turning to look at Coulson,”- what’s the plan?” Coulson took his phone away from his ear and pressed a few buttons before sliding it across the counter for Steve to type in a blank message. He did, and Coulson sat down across from them as he did a few more things on his secondary phone.
Coulson isn't happy, like at all
“Stop for a minute- we want to take an initial reading.” Dawson’s voice was loud in the quiet and it startled him. Tony crouched behind a chunk of wall, breathing heavy from the exertion of being silent with so much weight on his back.
Tony’s nose burned too much to smell who was cradling him, but the arm under his head looked like Steve’s, decked out in red, white, and blue. They stood back and watched as Natasha was strapped to the gurney and lifted into a quinjet to be taken back to SHIELD medical.
Steve
It couldn’t have been more than half an hour before he spotted his ticket home. Shawarma! The tower couldn’t be more than a few blocks away! His tail stood straight up as he flitted around feet and came to a stop in front of the shop’s window. In his excitement, he dashed towards the crosswalk, paying no mind to the light. It wasn’t until a pair of hands slipped under his ribs and yanked him up that he realized that the traffic hadn’t been in his favor. He was turned in mid-air a few times until the guy settled Tony in his arms, cooing.
The door clicked open and one of the nurses leaned in, flipping on the lights. Tony let out a breath and she smiled, coming up to him and checking on his heart monitor.
Tony pulled himself up and sluggishly went back to the holo-keyboard Jarvis had helpfully enlarged for Tony’s paws, and yawned as he picked up where he had left off.
“Thor? Is that you?” He sat up all the way and looked around. They were still on the roof of Avengers tower. “What happened? Why are we cats?” Steve looked down at himself again and felt his heart beating light and fast against his rib cage. Thor nodded solemnly.
Tony panicked and snapped his jaws shut on her hand. She gasped in pain and he let her go, scrambling for the edge, fight or flight instincts kicking in full-force. Natasha snagged him before he could go far and she slung him over her shoulder, gripping him tight enough to bruise as she hauled him back to his bedroom. Clint glared at him as they left, already heading to the communal bathroom to get the med kit.
“We’re in here! Help!” A man’s voice called and the agent tapped on her comms, checking on the backup she’d requested when they went in.
Peter mulled it over a little more, and heaved a sigh.
“Phil, what do you mean, ‘lose Tony’?” Pepper asked, fully stepping into the elevator. “JARVIS, keep the doors open, please.” The A.I. did as she requested, and Peter stood in the corner while Pepper leaned into his space to see Phil’s face on the phone.
The elevator let them off on Pepper’s floor, and Tony yowled to get her attention.
, I’d like you to stop locking me in the fucking bathroom. Not cool.” Tony directed that one at Natasha, who shrugged, but to the trained eye was a bit sheepish. It was all he would get so Tony took it and ran.
Two days and Tony had made no progress. The first day, he’d jumped with the trash bin again, and he’d been chased out by an angry Steve with a lawn chair. The second day, they’d realized his trash secret, and had put the bin inside the gate to thwart him. Animal control hadn’t been called again, though it was likely because Tony hadn’t been in the yard for more than five minutes since the last incident. He was still going to count it as a win.
10:32 p.m.
“What happened? What’s… Why?” She settled on rather lamely, and Clint looked over at Thor and Steve expectantly. Thor spoke up before Steve could
“I’m not helping you vanquish anyone, and you’re sure as hell not vanquishing me, so if you could-”
“I would need confirmation from Coulson himself, Mr. Parker. And Mr. Stark doesn’t own any cats, anyways. Where-”
“Alright there?” Steve asked, pausing before he dumped his cup over Tony’s neck.
Our favorite fido once again find himself in a less-than-ideal situation. Let me know what you think down in the comments!
They eventually threw away their trash and walked back to the mansion, Steve sitting at the kitchen table waiting for the coffee to brew while Tony laid down on the tile floor to cool himself off.
Tony was currently using his nose to rifle through the contents of the fridge, and had just snagged a takeout bin containing fries when Steve shouted.
“Coyote, we’re going back. Come on.” Clint ordered, not waiting for Tony to follow him as he ducked outside. The room seemed to lean in closer and Tony turned tail, leaving the feeling behind as he trotted after Clint back through the town and into the woods once more.
noise. Finally, Peter shut his laptop lid with slightly more force than was necessary, and rubbed his face.
telling me isn’t going to give you a free pass to doing what you want and dealing with the consequences later. I need to know what’s going on. I can’t lead to the best of my abilities if I don’t know where my team members are, or what they’re doing. Just tell me what the change in plans are, or that you need to take a detour, so I can compensate. Like yesterday; if you’d told me that you needed to go help a civilian, I could have immediately given Thor the orders to move Clint out of the situation he was in. Instead, I had no idea that you weren’t on your way and Clint was in trouble because Thor almost didn’t have enough time to get there.”
“We don’t know where he is, but he was definitely thrown off the roof, at least. All we can hope is that the armor protected him enough that he isn’t terribly injured.” Steve meowed. They all exchanged glances before Bruce looked back to the center of the roof. They followed his gaze to the unconscious god.
“Lay him there, please. Nurse Harley to room fifty-eight.” They all glanced at her in confusion but she had her fingers against her ear so Tony assumed she had a comm in. Steve situated him in a small nest of blankets and Tony sighed; he liked Steve’s warmth but he was tired of being carried around and he wanted to sleep.
“Look, kid, you’re welcome to have a spot on the team. We could use your... talents, per se, in this line of work. If not, though- you’re still not allowed to breathe a word to anyone of anything that happens here. Capisce?” He said, voice gruff as always, but with a lighter tone.
Tony was about to
“Natasha?” He whispered, and she turned her head slightly to the side, but didn’t respond. Tony got up and padded over to her, hesitating before he nudged her hand with his nose.
“Where’s the shampoo? Maybe we accidentally put it in a different bag?” Steve wondered aloud, glancing at Tony before he got up and left the room.
Tony’s throat tight and he sent up a silent thank you when JARVIS jumped in to answer so that he wouldn’t have to.
Tony must have fallen asleep on the way, because suddenly Steve was picking him up again and carrying him along with the oxygen tank. The team made their way to medical, Clint splitting off to go find where Natasha was at. Tony looked up at Steve in confusion and he resolutely shook his head, jaw set.
“You don’t know Tony Stark very well, do you?” Pepper said, her voice suddenly hard as flint. The whole team paused and looked at her in confusion. “God, did you even bother? You have no idea how to read him, at all. The only time he drops is when he’s been binge working, and even then, as soon as he’s awake, he’s back at it again. This is something else. What happened?” She asked, and Natasha was the first to speak up, looking doubtful.
Steve made himself a sandwich and took it with him back to his room. Tony took the opportunity to grab up the bowl, take it to the bathroom, and dump all of the contents into the toilet. He flushed it and swore vengeance upon Loki as he watched it swirl down and away.
Steve’s face was the epitome of disappointment.
Surprise filled Steve’s eyes. Then, relief. He smiled, the skin around his eyes crinkling like Christmas wrapping paper. One hand let go of the rolling pin. Steve reached up as if to touch Tony’s face, but stopped short. Instead, he ran his thumb gently along the length of Tony’s bottom lip, like an artist admiring a work of art. “Think I could have a taste?” asked Steve, licking his lips. “Before they go in the fryer?”
Steve nuzzled Tony’s injured arm.
“Miss-”
“Natasha, what the hell are you trying to pull?” hissed Bucky from their hiding spot.
But just as Tony put his hand on the gate, Natasha said, “I don’t mind the company.”
Steve could barely make a sound. He couldn’t even push the small boy off the counter. Steve was just too surprised by Tony’s bold move to say or do anything.
A need, an itch that had been burning under his skin the second he stepped off dry land. It was a secret he was born with. Something so personal and dangerous that, if discovered, could land his ass first on a dissection table or spirited away to some secret lab hidden far away from civilization while they broke him down to his last molecule.
“Look,” Tony said, his voice tight as he tried to contain the panic rising in his chest. “I know you two don’t get it, but can we please keep quiet about my romantic interest. Yes, you guys are okay with me bedding men. Not everybody else is. The only reason I can get away with it here is because nobody cares what I do in private. There’s a war going on and nobody has the time nor the energy to care.
The ride back felt long, but when Tony finally saw the mansion come into view he let himself relax. His spirits lifted as they touched down and he padded across the yard, excited to be greeted by Natasha at the sunroom door.
They waited a few beats and then Natasha got up, reaching out as if to grab for Tony. He panicked and snarled, backing himself up into the corner. She just leaned forwards and grabbed him by the collar, dragging him to her. Tony’s heart started to beat against his ribs. She was going to put him back in there, back where it was pitch-dark and cold, where his demons were waiting to drown him and choke him and he wasn’t going back-
“What? What else would he be? He ain’t a robot, or a clone... I don't think.” Clint scoffed, but Natasha and Steve were contemplating a bit more heavily.
They made it back just in time to catch the quinjet, and Tony found himself actually
It had taken them awhile to wrap Loki in his cape, but after that it was a breeze to drag the bundle to the door and carry him down the staircase. Clint was in charge of helping Thor, and didn’t look very sorry when he ‘accidentally’ bumped their burden on a few of the steps. It also helped that he couldn’t hear Thor when he was scolded.
Tony wasn’t as ravenously hungry as before, and wasn’t looking at the sparrows with a mad gleam in his eye, so he took some time to sit down and think over his options. He was hiding out in an alley a block away from the mansion- just in case Animal Control was monitoring the street and being a little more vigilant than before. The cement was cool on his legs, but the fur of his body kept him perfectly warm, which was a small blessing so late in September. Hopefully he could get back into the Avengers’ good graces before the first frost.
“Thor, why did you let the dog in?! We’ve been chasing him off for the better part of this week-” Steve stepped forwards as if to grab Tony, but Thor put out an arm to block him.
Steve led them all the way across New York and back before Coulson decided to call it quits.
“Nu-uh, Stark, don’t even think about it.” Clint said, coming up behind Tony and gently nudging him towards the door with his foot. Tony made as if he was going back to the living room, but at the last second he veered off towards his bed and laid down. Clint was glaring at him, but Tony tried to look as innocent as possible as he lowered his head and wagged his tail.
“Hi puppy, are you okay?” The guy cooed, crouching down to Tony’s level and reaching out a gloved hand. Up close, it was easy to tell how hand-made the guy’s outfit was. Yikes.
At first they had been irritated, but Tony’d thought it settled down and they got over it. Turns out that the old Stark-charm hadn’t won them over.
“This isn’t pretty.” Hannah put her stethoscope on again and listened for almost a minute as Tony’s chest heaved. It was like he was back at thirty percent decreased lung capacity, so he hadn’t really been worried besides the burning in his throat and nose. The oxygen mask was really helping and he wanted to take a nap with it on. Preferably for a long time.
What was with that, anyways? JARVIS had to know by now that their Tony was the wrong one. Loki could never completely mimic him- it was an illusion, there was no way he knew enough about Tony to get that good.
Dawson’s voice sounded distorted and worbled the next time he spoke, and Tony had no idea what he’d said. The whole inside of the decrepit church was pitch-black and dead silent. No birds, no skittering of small creatures over the bricks, no shifting of the building. No wind. Tony was utterly alone.
“I can not say. Would you like to write something else for us?” Thor asked, and Tony nodded so hard he thought his neck was going to break
“I can’t handle it when he says shit like that with a smile on his face. It fucking freaks me out.” Tony grumbled, pulling the phone towards him and trying to type some shred of an explanation that left his ego somewhat intact. Shame burned on his nose, but he still felt the need to defend them somewhat. Or at least defend everyone else, since it was really just Tony who convinced them all to go with him.
“What the hell? She’s more banged up than I am!” Tony complained, standing right up on the bed while Clint held his arms out in a placating gesture.
In truth, Tony was losing his cool. He’d lasted a while, but his heart was starting to race and the meager grip on his control was slipping fast.
“We do indeed, Mister Parker. What would you like to watch?” The brand-new TV came to life and a mile-long list of films started scrolling by. A few of the cats perked up but Steve and Thor remained broody, the former up on a bookshelf and the latter moping underneath a chair.
“Copy, heading there now.” Natasha grunted, a
“Coyote, god dammit, report. We’re sending an agent in if you don’t respond in the next minute.” Rumlow said, and Tony winced.
“You’re talkative, I’ll give you that. Definitely some kind of Siamese… which is weird. I’ve never seen a Siamese cat with brown eyes. Your head is also really round...” He zoned out as he started typing, scrolling through google images in search of a similar cat. Tony took the chance to check out the room he’d be stuck in for the foreseeable future.
“-Coulson, sir, I have
“I still have that bad feeling. It never proved me wrong as a human, and I don’t think it will as a cat either. There’s gotta be
“SHIELD can compensa-”
Sorry it took me a while to update! I'm still trying though, and I'm going to finish this if it's the last thing I do!
“Alright, but somewhere public.” He didn’t say anything else, and Coulson nodded, walking past Peter and leading them back towards the shawarma joint; if anywhere would let them in, it would be there. Coulson could always pull the ‘Avengers Business’ card, if worse came to worse.
Fury opened it with a raised eyebrow.
“What’s wrong?” She continued to stroke the top of his head, but Tony’s joy at seeing her crept away, and he despaired a bit at the fact that not even Pepper could lift his spirits. They had broken up after New York, but she was still his rock, his best friend. The last person in New York who actually liked Tony. It all felt so
“Tony, we
Tony bumped his head against Pepper’s legs and purred, even though he knew she wouldn’t pick him up. Pepper was allergic to cats, and it was the reason Tony had never gotten one. Maybe Steve would want a pet?
Natasha was leaned against a wall and her head was on her shoulder. Tony came up to her again and whined, pawing at one of her hands. They needed to get out- the building was still unsound, and they had no idea when it would come down around them.
“Fine, we can stay out a little longer. But we need to head back soon.” Tony trilled in delight, pulling Peter as hard as he could towards the tower. Once Pete held him up to cross the street, however, he picked up on a scent. It was so familiar- but Tony couldn’t quite place it. It was like a woodpecker in the back of his brain, and it wasn’t until he spotted a suit and the back of a well-known head that he could place it.
Tony trotted happily through the mansion’s front door and made a beeline for the living room, finding a rubber toy and snatching it up while the rest of the team filed in behind him.
Steve had set up an alert for JARVIS to tell them whenever Tony made it over the fence. It was the only reason he had been so quick on the draw the second day.
“Oh, that’s where you went. What’s up, Tones?” Clint said, scratching Tony behind the ears when he sat down next to him. It always made Tony irrationally happy when he heard the nickname- it had only started the week prior, and before then Rhodey was one of the only people comfortable enough with Tony to use it.
Tony put his stick in a spot he would be able to find it later, and kept quiet as he rounded the house and peered into the front yard. Steve was standing at the front door with a woman, and she was holding a noose-pole. Tony had no idea what the name for it was, but it made his fur stand on end- a sensation not unlike goosebumps- because he’d seen them used plenty of times before.
They got ice cream, sat down on a bench, and enjoyed the early morning breeze. It was strange to Tony, to just sit with a friend because they had time and they wanted to. With Pepper it had either been dating or working, and Rhodey had so little leave that he rarely saw Tony, since he usually visited his family when he could. It was a companionable silence and Tony found himself wishing that it happened more often.
Tony had made an impressive furrow in the stick by the time he heard a truck pulling into the driveway. It sounded heavy and it wheezed, so it was either a service truck or a really old pickup. And neither were allowed past the gates without Tony’s approval.
Thanks for sticking around! Please feel free to leave a like or a kudos if you enjoyed it, seeing a positive reaction really helps me build up the confidence to keep going!
“You’ve got a lot more stamina now. Do you always have so much energy?” Steve asked and Tony nodded, laying his belly on the cool sidewalk and sighing with relief. Steve didn’t say anything else for a few minutes and Tony almost forgot he had spoken the first time, so it took him a few seconds to process what he said next.
“Oh Tony, what have you gotten yourself into this time? They called me when it first happened, but I’ve been so busy in Malibu, I couldn’t come back until yesterday. You’re always getting into some mess or another.” She murmured, and Tony heaved a sigh. He let his tail flop and set his head back down. Pepper paused, shifting position and letting her hand rest on his head.
“What in the hell-” She muttered, sitting up and blinking owlishly at both the cats and the debris. “Peter’s cat?” May said incredulously as she stroked her hand down Tony’s spine. He murrped happily and sat down as she scratched under his chin.
“So I wanted to apologize for yelling at you yesterday.” Steve started, one sandwich already gone and another on the way. Tony gave him a look that wasn’t unfriendly and put down the second half of his sandwich. “All I ever ask is that you
“They need to make sure the fluid doesn’t build up in your lungs again. We’ll come back early in the morning to bust you out, I promise.” Clint said, stepping back when Natasha used her crutches to stand up, hovering next to her while she waved him off. Tony huffed and made to jump off the bed, but Steve jumped forward from the doorway and put a hand on Tony’s chest to nudge him back. Tony flinched away and Steve frowned.
Tony was halfway through a righteous pity-party when his skin started to feel prickly. His fur stood up and he felt like he was being watched, but an inquiry to JARVIS and a scan of the room showed no signs of anyone else. Thoroughly unsettled, Tony ditched the half-assed attempt at a nap and decided to return to the commons area. At least, that was the plan.
“Steve, we can’t pin all of this on him. It was just a… tense situation.” Natasha flicked her ears, and Clint bumped their shoulders together. Steve sighed, letting his swishing tail flop to the ground. If they didn’t find Tony before something happened…
“Now what?” Natasha asked, looking back and forth between Steve and Tony.
“Yeah,” Steve huffed in agreement. “Had a picture of their first hit here hung up like a fucking trophy. Basically admitted that I helped spark the flame that hit the Hydra base a few weeks back.”
“Is someone else in there?” asked the kid. He craned his head trying to get a look at what was hidden behind Steve’s legs. “Do I know them? Who is it? Is it me? Are you having a sleepover with me? No fair! I wanna have a sleepover with Steve.”
“It’s a bad joke,” he snapped.
Tony’s face twisted in bewilderment. “My what? Since when did I have walk-ins?”
Tony mentally groaned. Now was not the time or the place for name calling. He had to focus. The ricocheting bullets were slowly changing angles of impact. Meaning; Iron Man had to figure out a way to keep them pegged down so they couldn’t make off and escape.
With that smile on Steve’s face that just made Tony’s world turn, Steve took his hand and allowed Tony to pull the big, blond, and no longer angry street boss into the tightest hug Iron Man could offer.
“Romanov,” Tony said with a smile. “Beautiful name for a beautiful woman. Won’t be forgetting that any time soon.”
Tony covered his mouth as he gasped. “You don’t poop?”
“But that’s not how we do things,” Clint whined.
“That’s it! Come here!”
Please send a belated happy birthday to my beta
The wolf’s tail thumped the ground.
“Never felt the need,” said Tony. “It’s early and you guys didn’t try to poison me like Dum-E. Besides, it’s fun trying new things. Clint’s choices can be a bit hit or miss, but I don’t mind. It’s why I keep a stash of my usual in the lab.”
“For taking care of that guy downstairs,” Tony said casually. “I couldn’t do it as well as you. I’m better at getting into their heads. Use their own thoughts against them as opposed to brute force. I usually let Bruce rough ‘em up, but desperate times call for desperate measures.”
“Fine,” grumbled Bucky, shutting up the box up tight with a disappointed slam of wood against metal. “Fun killer. Not all of us can bounce between dicks and chicks whenever we please.”
Click.
“For what?” whined Tony as Steve pushed himself up off the bed. “We left all our work back home.”
Tony frowned in disappointment. Bruce shrugged, but Tony refused to acknowledge Bruce’s doubt. He looked away, deciding to focus on comforting the still shocked Steve.
“Doesn’t sound like your mouth,” quipped Rhodey. “I think you’ll live Barton.”
Tony picked up the pace, sprinting as fast as he could to the shadowed figures.
“Okay, fine. God. Don’t need to be an ass about it,” she scoffed just as the elevator gods finally decided now was a good time for the doors to open. As he stepped in the box and rapidly punched for the lobby, he heard her mutter, “I can see why no one wants to work for you for longer than a few months. Don’t know how your girlfriend can even stand you.”
“Wait,” said Red. Her inquisitive eyes gave Steve a once over. “You need to find a Tony. Describe him.”
Rhodey cocked an eyebrow. “Tony,” his tone was cautious. “What did you do?”
Tony glared at him in disbelief. Scrapes, you could deal with on your own. Bruises, you could deal with on your own. Sprains, you could deal with on your own. Potentially broken bones were not something you dealt with on your own. You went to a doctor, or some type of professional to deal with it for you. Steve wasn’t a professional. Tony tried to push a little more. Because that's what friends do, right? “You know, I know a doctor who can help out if you really need-”
“What?” Tony laughed in angry hysterics. “It’s not like it’s going to make a difference! Give me one good reason why I shouldn’t be sending everyone home right this second!”
“Which way.”
“I’m busy,” he grumbled. “Talk to Pepper and make an appointment.”
Bruce rubbed under his eyeglasses. “Tony, I’m a radiologist. Not a medical doctor.”
Steve and company waited quietly behind their hiding spot, adrenaline beginning to pump its way into their veins. Now was not the time for sloppy errors. Now was the time to be alert and committed one hundred percent to what they were about to do.
First, an outline of basic shapes. Then, a few light details to mold those shapes into human-like features. Long strokes, short strokes, hard strokes, soft strokes, it was a symphony of sounds that Tony knew he would never get tired of. Tony closed his eyes and allowed himself to be swept away by the white noise. The sound of a pencil on paper and the waves breaking over white sand filled the silence between the two men. It was quiet. It was nice.
The kid twisted his body back and forth with nervous anxiety. “You sure you’re not mad at me?”
A loud crack ripped through the water. Tony gasped as the shockwave ran right though him, knocking the air out of his lungs. He grabbed his head as his entire body shook. He tried to push past the ringing in his ears, ignore the bone deep vibrations running down his back, but it was hard. His teeth hurt. He sank down, hoping that the oceanic pressure would make it hurt less.
Also also, trying to get better at marketing myself. Here's a link to
“What's the plan then Cap?”
Tony grunted, feeling the disconcerting crunch of exposed metal and wires breaking under the weight of the suit. Well, that put the left gauntlet out of commission for now. He tried to push himself up, but the extra weight of the armor threw off his balance. The internal sensors were going wild from the shock as he tried to right himself despite blinding white stars in his eyes. The second he got his footing, Tony whipped around to locate the bastard that dared attack him.
Bucky swung a comforting arm around his shoulders. “See? Guys like that only lead to heartache.”
Steve cupped the back of Tony’s head so he could look straight on into Steve’s ‘I’m very disappointed in you’ face. Steve whispered as if he was trying to hold back tears. “Tony, I really thought you were in danger. The thought of losing you forever, I couldn’t stand it.”
“You really shouldn’t,” Tony grumbled. “Look, kid, hate to tell you this, but we’re not going to grow up to be Captain America. We got what we got and I just made do. There’s no way I could ever be like Cap.”
The heat from the graze still stung his cheek. He ran a finger over the inflamed flesh. No blood, that was a good thing, wasn’t it? With one hand, he covered his cheek, whirling around to see what sort of thing could have hit him in an almost pitch black room.
“Tony!” A familiar hand, that definitely didn’t belong to Steve, clasped his shoulders. “It’s been an age my boy. How’ve you been?”
“Steve makes everything better. That’s how I survived the past two weeks. I’d get stuck with a problem, and then by some miracle Steve would call and make it all better.” He smiled at the memory. Steve had been so helpful, and now he knew how. The bitter truth of Steve’s disappointment assaulted Tony’s heart. He sniffed and forced the tears back, trying to focus on something good.
“So, your secretary?” Stane repeated.
Tony let out a heavy sigh. “Who knew coming back from the dead would involve so much paperwork,” he said, tossing a manila envelope onto the floor.
Steve laughed. “Guess I’ll have to work harder to be more important. And I think I have an idea as to how,” Steve said as he traced his fingers along Tony’s scarred flesh.
Dr. Banner, to his credit, shrugged off the remark. “Doesn’t hurt to be prepared.”
There was a gentle tug on Steve’s sleeve. “Steve, will you tell me a story?” asked Tony. “Mommy always tells me a story before bed.”
Steve chuckled. “I promise.”
A sharp chill ran down Tony’s spine. “You heard?”
“Thanks,” said Steve with a clearly pained smile.
“Oh no, I recognize it all right,” Sam said, grabbing the lid to cover up whatever was inside. “But I have no idea what it’s for.”
“I’ll let you know after you have your walk-in-consultation.”
“Yes. Quick bathroom break. I’ll be out in a minute,” Steve said, racing off to the bathroom.
Steve staggered and almost dropped pancake batter on the floor. “Um… Well, to put it nicely, he means that Jarvis has qualities that would make an ideal female spouse.”
“No, you’re not,” said Steve, his patience for Tony’s stubbornness running out fast. “You can barely hold yourself up.”
Steve nodded. “Would be a lot more fun if you got in,” he said. He shook out the water from his hair like a wet dog, splashing Tony in the process. Tony squeaked as drops of cold water landed near scrap paper covered in complicated equations. Steve laughed as he slicked back his wet hair like a greaser. Tony would have been mad, but this was recreational math and he wasn’t making any progress.
And because Stane was an asshole, a few seconds later he asked, “How many kids is Happy thinking about? Five? Six?”
“Rescue, cover me,” he said, springing into action. There was no room for error now. These guys had their act together and Tony couldn’t miss a beat if he wanted to get everyone out alive.
“Lunch meeting with Oscorp ,” interrupted Pepper. Oh right. He had forgotten about that, for the sole reason that Norman Osborn gave him the willies. Tony tried again. “Lunch meeting, then off to buy-”
A metal fork dropped to the floor. “Aaaaaaaaaahhhhh!”
“What?” asked Natasha. “My life choices or my choice of work?”
Bit of housekeeping; I spent some mones during the Stony Trumps Hate auction and I got you guys some art. It's not directly from the fic, but I specifically requested this scene and Domon did an amazing job. Go check them out. Leave a like, reblog, or shower them with love.
“Don’t forget save ammo!” Steve yelled over the beat of bullets.
Tony screamed. He bit down on the pain, bent over until his head was pressed firmly against the ground. He pressed down on the torn flesh, desperate to stop the bleeding. Then, something warm pressed down on his back.
-Frank Sinatra
All eyes were on Steve. Should they go through with it? If word got out that they were dealing with the big dogs, a lot of people might start coming round makin’ trouble on their turf.
Tony stiffened, anger building up in his stomach like boiling magma. This was his company, not Obie’s company. Tony could do whatever the hell he wanted whenever the hell he wanted. He could leave right this second, find Steve, and never come back. He could run the company right into the ground and crash the stock market again leaving Stane to pick up the shattered remains. He could take a train to the Malibu or a plane to the actual Malibu in California and never turn back. Who was Obadiah Stane to tell him otherwise? Compared to Tony, Stane was a nobody. A nobody what was trying very hard to be a somebody and act important. And right now, all Tony really wanted was to hurt Stane and remind him how much of a nobody he really was. Didn’t matter what it was as long as it hurt.
“Steve?”
So, Steve relented. He slowly turned his hand over and once more showed Tony the damage. Tony beamed. He patted the towel along the back of Steve’s knuckles. Steve winced and let out a tight hiss. The alcohol stung.
All Tony could do in the situation was nod in confirmation. “Take care of it.” The ‘be careful’, was implied.
“Excuse me?” asked Steve, a mix of surprise and terror sending his voice up a few octaves.
Steve tried to stay skeptical. As long as congress sat around did nothing, nothing would happen and his people could get paid. Once legislation passed to allow alcohol once again, well, Steve didn’t want to think about that. There was no money in any account for an official business license. The Brooklyn Boys would be out of a job and out of income. The people who needed the extra income from the booze would have to find other ways to make ends meet. What were they to do then? Steve could always try his hand as a literature artist once again. People were always saying the soap advertisements were crap.  Or he could try to join up with the army again. But what about everyone else?
Did Tony have to list the reasons in order for Obie? Well, for one, discriminating between white and colored music left a whole lot of empty space that just wasn’t necessary. Why segregate when the colored music was just as good as white music? Two, colored music was ten times better than white music. Colored music was full of soul and passion, something that popular white artists lacked. Three, black music was unashamedly loud and over the top. Just how Tony liked his music.
“And why hasn’t anyone figured this out until now?” he asked, voice covered in dark criticism.
“Like this?” asked Steve. He cautiously approached the counter and patted the dome of the dough as if he was powdering a baby’s butt.
“I’m sorry, but I believe I’m failing to understand this line of logic,” interrupted Vision.
“Brothers and sister,” Schmidt’s voice echoed across the crowd slowly gathering in the park. “Do you not see? Hitler is the answer to our problems! Under his leadership, he will bring pride, glory, and honor back to Germany!”
“I’m fine,” Steve grumbled.
Throwing caution to the wind, Tony unwrapped the brown paper bag to reveal a room temperature sausage patty sandwiched inside a once toasted English muffin. An almost unnatural yellow cheese peeked out from beneath the patty and clung to the edges of the sandwich like melted rubber. It wasn’t the most appetizing breakfast, but it was food. Tony would make do. He took a bite and immediately felt a wave of relief wash over him.
Shit. Where was Natasha?
But Steve must not have gotten the message about the do’s and don’ts of relationships in the military. His iron grip around Tony’s waist stayed strong. He held Tony in place as if to reassure him that everything was going to be okay and yelled, “If you’re going to listen in, the least you can do is close the damn window.”
Something was eating her, Tony could tell by the way her fingers fiddled with a misplaced pencil. After giving her a few seconds of unbearable silence, she finally broke.
“Like the plague,” Stane replied with a smile and a familiar hug. “What have you been up to lately? I haven’t heard so much as a peep out of you since you dropped out of MIT.”
Rhodey had a very satisfied look on his face. Like the cat that just caught the canary, he had it all figured out. “But you’d like that, wouldn’t you.”
“Already taken care of,” reassured Clint.
“Are you sure that’s a good idea? You’re not in the best shape to-”
A loud blast from far side of the building made all three iron suits jump. War Machine looked around his hideout and returned fire. His voice was high and panicky. “I really don’t think this is the time or place to-”
Tony would have been offended if the captain wasn’t so cute. And yes, Tony did stare at that ass for longer than necessary as he walked away. But that didn’t mean Tony was stupid enough to hope.
“What did you tell him?” Iron Man asked Clint.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve grinned. He pressed gentle kisses along Tony’s neck as his hands began working their magic. Steve’s large fingers teased Tony through the silk sheets. He encircled Tony’s cock in his hand and held on tight. Tony closed his eyes and let out a heavy moan. With a satisfied grin, Steve began moving his hand up and down the length of Tony’s shaft.
“Absolutely not,” snapped Tony. “We’re putting that thing right back where we found it. Give it here, kid.”
Tony blushed as he leaned in for a kiss. “Yeah. I do.”
“Better than how we’ve been doing lately,” bemoaned Steve, looking down at the processed meat as if it had answer.
“Unexpected.”
“Everybody tells me I talk a lot. Pepper, Rhodey, even my sweet baby Peter says I talk too much. But this guy, I swear, I try to say more than five words to my date and he interrupts me mid-sentence.  Goes on this long-ass tangent about stuff that’s relevant to him and no one else for who knows how long. No, wait. I remember. I even timed it. Eighteen minutes. He talked about how his coworkers won’t implement his genius idea for eighteen minutes. Never even mentioned what his idea was. Just complained about how they’re all idiots for sleeping on it. For eighteen minutes. Can you believe it?
“Oh come on boss,” said Clint, casually putting his feet up on the table. “No hard feelings here. Everyone is glad that you’re moving on.”
Tony's gaze turned toward Steve. He gulped down the recycled air and  wrapped his fingers around the hand. “Yeah,” Tony rasped. It still hurt to breath, but Steve was here. He was safe. They could work through this, together. “Yeah, of course it will.”
Tony hummed as he gave Steve’s hand a quick squeeze. Tony had done so much bad in the world, it was a miracle that he was allowed something this good in his life. Marrying his beloved with a proper proposal and everything, Tony must have been extra good this year.
“We aren’t dealing with anything,” Steve shouted over his shoulder. He was determined to walk out of the door without showing a single shred of weakness. “I just came to ask a favor. That’s all. If you can’t help, I’ll find someone else.”
Steve couldn’t stop staring at it. The machine in Tony’s chest, it was so beautiful.
“Thanks. That means a lot coming from you,” Tony said with an easy smile.
“Great!” Tony clapped his hands in excitement. He had so much planned for today. Plans to make, Steve people to impress, people to destroy. “So, lunch-”
“Really?”
"Aw, not even a welcome home kiss?" teased Bucky.
. Sleep is important,” Tony said, waving away Steve’s courtesy. “Look, I know you’re worried about my mind getting wiped again; lord knows what tricks Obie’s got up his sleeve, but I’ll be fine on my own. You don’t have to keep me company every second of the day."
“Just because you are, doesn’t make everything you did worth it,” she reluctantly conceded.
Tony froze. “I thought you of all people would know.”
“That’s enough of out you. It’s getting late and the store’s about to close. Go get changed,” Tony said, shooing the kid back into the dressing room.
Tony was still in shock as his friends locked down the windows from the outside. “What just happened?”
Sam got the door, jerking the knob back and using the wood as a shield. Steve lurched forward and grabbed the surprised man by the front of his shirt. He pulled the man in, throwing him to the concrete floor with no remorse. Sam slammed the door and Steve aimed his gun right between the man's brows.
Steve was shocked. A break? Tony couldn’t mean that, right? He hadn’t even finished the job.
Before either of them could act, a well-aimed apple core flew over the crowd and knocked Schmidt upside the head. Schmidt’s eyes zoned in on the assaulter, his face flaming red with swelling rage (hence the local nickname ‘Red Skull’).
“Counting on it.”
“So you’ve told me many times,” Steve chuckled.
"What?" asked a rather indignant voice.
“No!” gasped Tony.
Curiosity ruled out reason as he cautiously approached  the hanging message. Written on the page, in large mocking letters were four letters.
“Oh really,” said Steve, looking over at Tony with a look that said, ‘Isn’t he precious?’
Steve grabbed a rag and started scrubbing the blood off his hands. It took some effort but within a few minutes, large chunks of blood and puss ran off his knuckles and down the drain. When the white material was completely stained red, Steve tossed it into the basket. He snatched a clean one off the shelf, got it wet, and began dabbing at his shirt. Some of the blood came out, but it mostly just made his shirt wet and stick to his skin.
"About what?" asked Thor, tightening his grip on Mjölnir.
He’s buying
Steve smiled at Tony, trying to offer what little comfort he could. “Just because I can’t understand it doesn’t mean I’m blind to the meaning.  I’ve worked with motorcycles in the past, so I can piece together some meaning. But Tony, I don’t need to know anything to tell that you poured your heart and soul into this. It’s not that hard to see. But I have no context for any of this. I want to know the context so I can better understand what you made here.”
“Pep-”
Within the ranks of the top brass, they called him Bruce. To everyone else, he was the Hulk. Not that Bruce was a hulking of a man. He hid his face behind large, thick glasses and an unkempt fro of curly hair. The slump of his shoulders around strangers usually made people think he was cowardly or weak. But give the man surgery tools, bad guys better beware. Tony had once seen Bruce down five grunts in the slums of Boston using only a surgery knife, and that was before he agreed to join the Iron Family. After seeing such a beautiful display of knife work, Tony knew he had to have him.
“Whatever we didn’t hear while we were busy taking down these Hydra idiots,” gasped (what was his name again? Stan? Sand? Oh right, Sam.) Sam, sounding a little worse for wear.
“No!” Tony’s objection came out louder than he wanted. He couldn’t go to the hospital. He couldn’t let people find out about the reactor. If news of the arc reactor technology somehow made it into public knowledge…
He wouldn’t say everything was perfect, but it seemed like at that moment Tony’s personal walls finally came down. He looked so at peace with the world. Centered in his element. Steve secretly wished he could see Tony like that every day for the rest of his life.
His problems didn’t even include the trouble Tony would be in when the Iron Family found out. Fuck. Steve almost forgot about that little aspect of mafia families. Not only would Steve be punished for finding out, but Tony would also be punished for letting the proverbial cat out of the bag.
The round of bullets stopped, and Steve hear Thor’s battle cry from the far side of the building. He peaked out from under the rubbage just in time to see another beam of bright light fire off in the distance.
Stane let out a heavy focused breath, trying to draw their thoughts away from the opinions of others. When his eye’s met Tony’s, the red lines of stress and frustration were nowhere to be seen. “These people don’t live like us Tony,” Stane said in a quieter, reasonable voice. “They don’t buy swanky clothes, or attend high profile parties where each plate is over twenty bucks. They live paycheck to paycheck, spending money on what they need, saving a dismissible sum of leftover coins under their mattress. The fact that they have work in this economy is a miracle. If you send everyone home right now, they might not be around when we open our doors again. And I’m not just talking about other work Tony.”
Tony tilted his head up a bit, just enough to see Steve’s stupid mug out the corner of his eye. Determination shone like stars in Steve’s beautiful baby blue eyes. Tony let out an exasperated chuckle. “I’m not talking you out of this, am I?” he asked, running a gloved hand through his battle mussed hair.
Bucky whirled around, clearly livid with Steve’s denial. “I did not just hear you say that after you were clearing giving that guy the eye.”
Steve had heard enough. As much as he agreed with Bucky’s sentiment that the escort was unnecessary for dealing with small fry like them, Steve did not want to be washing blood off the walls all the live long day. “Stand down Soldier,” he chided. “Remember why we’re here.”
Sam glared at him. “I’m going to give you a pass since you didn’t call me a nigger, and I know you easily could’ve. But I’m holding it to you to make it up to him.” And with that, he climbed into the front of the car with Pepper.
“Over down here.” Steve clumsily pulled Tony down a sharp turn and forced him down into a crouch. “Hopefully all that should buy us a little time.”
Tony fell to the ground with an undignified “oof.” He looked up just in time to see a row of sharp teeth come at him. He rolled away with just seconds to spare as the other wolf darted between them.
"Don't know. Question of the night, I guess."
“We can still hear you, you fucking idiots,” grumbled Bucky.
The were gasped. He reared back and let out an earsplitting howl. Tony stumbled back and fell over, covering his ears as the painful sound went right through him.
“Hawkeye,” he barked into the radio. “You saw their vehicle. Tail them.”
Steve opened and closed his mouth like a goldfish.  The words wanted to come out, but his mind held him back like a chain. Tony was almost a block way before Steve yelled out what he struggled to say for what felt like an eternity.
“But he didn’t choose to go with you,” Steve shot back. “He choose to stay back with me.”
Thanks for all the comments and kudos! Doing much better this week. Release of Chapter 9 is in the air. Since I'm visiting family the 3rd Friday/Saturday this month, I'll either post a clip or short chapter on Aug 22nd or I'll hold off until September since Chapter 9 is a monster of words right now.
“Stop thinking.”
“That, apparently,” Tony said, stunned into silence.
She shrugged. “Just because I didn’t like using them for the home country doesn’t mean I don’t like using them at all. Besides,” she slipped on a pair of black gloves. “I need to keep myself up to par. Don’t want to get sloppy. And if I’m going to get paid for a job, I’d rather get paid doing this than singing at a jazz bar, draping myself over the piano to solicit a good time.”
“Of all the things to catch you on, the feds catch you on that. What a shame.”
Tony grunted in satisfaction as he slouched down into a chair. A gray jacket that matched his slacks hung off the back of the chair. “Good. Any progress on the hole in the wall?”
"Just wanted to say thank you for the inspiration the other day. Couldn't have done it without you.” He stuffed his hands into his pockets after handing over the package, and slouched over “I didn't know what to get you, but the lady in the shop was super nice in suggesting what to get."
Eight.
Tony only glimpsed the end of the fight as Steve let out a battle cry and shoved the assaulter’s face into a brick wall. It’s almost pitiful seeing the guy flail about as Steve ran him headlong into every hard surface he could get his hands on.
“You avoid vegetables at all costs.”
Steve took another step back, as if to get away from the thing gathering around the outside of the warehouse. He began to panic. Was it the feds? Shit. How the hell did they find out?
The frustration in Steve’s face fell  away. “I didn’t mean-” he stuttered. “I don’t want to push you-”
“No promises Cap,” Bucky called back with a careless laugh.
Pepper rolled her eyes. “I sign my own check.”
Steve grimaced. A feral growl began to build deep in his throat. “He hurt Bucky,” said Steve. His fingers dug into Tony’s arm. “You don’t let a person like
The former wolf swiveled around to look at him. Steve stalked over to him like a predator approaching his prey until he was only a hair’s breath away from Tony’s face.
“Whatever it is, if you don’t recognize it, don’t take it,” commanded Steve, stuffing bullets into a magazine. “We don’t need more trouble than we already got.
Bruce smirked. He motioned to what Tony had dubbed as the ‘thinking wall’. It was basically a wall that Tony used to throw ideas at and see what stuck. Assorted and disjointed ideas hung from wall as well as some bits of string showing connections because Tony was too lazy to move around the drafts and diagrams. Smack dab in the middle of the wall was the newspaper that featured Iron Man’s burnt helmet scar. A purple arrow jutted out from the wall, pinning the print to the surface. In bold red ink, someone had drawn a big red heart next to Iron Man’s helmet and scrawled message. It read:
Tony swam away, furiously running though calculations in his head. A little over five meters of solid ice needing X amounts of force to break. He knew his average acceleration, but that was before the RT weighed him down. Would affect his mass, for better and for worse. But would it be enough to break through the ice? No. Wrong question. It had to be enough. It had to be.
Tony muffled a gasp as something hard pressed into the fissure of Tony’s ass.
“Don’t know,” said Steve, a playful smile on his lips. “It felt like the guy in gray was reading me my rights when we met up.”
“Oh.”
As quiet as possible, Tony hid in the shadows of some boxes labeled “Pym” as he tried to get a lay of the land.
Tony grinned. He let out an ecstatic whoop and dove deep into the artic water. Deeper than any human could go without assistance. He followed invisible currents, swimming in and out of their strong waters with ease. He darted around glaciers and icebergs, taunting their sharp, cold edges with a cocky flick of his tail. He swam with a pod of belugas and chased after the occasional fish. Not for sustenance, but because he could. Because no one would judge him. Because it was fun.
Steve gripped Tony’s arm hard enough that he could feel it through the metal suit. “Tony.” Steve’s breath came out slow and heavy. Clearly trying hard to keep his cool Steve whispered, “If you go out there, you’re a walking target. There is no smoke like when they came in. There ‘s no hiding. There is only you getting your ass blasted to smithereens.”
Bruce shrugged. “Won’t know for sure until we get back to the compound and I can run some actual tests. But for now, yes. Looks like you’ll live for now.”
Steve squinted. The crates looked like everything else in this place. Besides the stacks being a hair misaligned, what made these ones special that Natasha would point them out?
“Now, we have to roll it out and cut it into circles.” Tony grabbed a rolling pin, floured it up, and handed it to Steve. Steve frowned. He twisted the pin around, examining it as if he’d never seen anything like it before. He gave Tony a quick look of, ‘Am I doing this right?’ before taking the wooden pin in both hands and lightly denting the top of the dough.
“You went on a walk,” said Pepper.
“It’s beautiful,” Steve whispered. Steve carefully lifted his hand away from the machine and pressed his fingers against the angry scars around the metal casing. Goosebumps ran up his arm as Steve traced his fingers back and forth across the wild root system across Tony’s chest. Tony didn’t flinch once.
“We should celebrate.” Steve was bursting with excitement. “I don’t have much, but I have a bottle of something special I could open just of the occasion.”
“Then why give us the info at all?” asked Iron Man, crossing his arms across the glow of the reactor. “Information brokers like you usually want something in return. Why tell us for free when we could knock each other off in revenge?”
“That being said, the Gandor Family said they’d be willing to lease us some of their turf, rent and interest added on of course, until we get accustomed to the Big Apple. Said something about getting off the map as quiet as possible. Nothing wrong with the turn far as I can tell. Bleeding us dry for rent might cause some issues if we stay for the long haul. And, for what it’s worth, Keith trusts us, so that means something.”
Third chapter will be posted in two weeks and then we'll get back to our regularly scheduled program. After adjusting the outline for this story, it looks like the entire thing will be about 15 chapters.
“Think of is as a welcoming present, Mr. Iron. A gift in hope that you will use our services again.” Phil said with a gentle smile. “And from the report I have on your character, you’re not the type to pin the blame where it doesn’t belong. That means a lot to us at SHIELD. We need more people like you in this town Mr. Iron. Welcome to New York City.” With that, he turned to head out the door.
Steve choose his next words very carefully. “Which. Way.”
Natasha smiled, but the light didn’t reach her eyes. “Christmas is a difficult time for me. Just here to give my late husband the Christmas dinner he deserves, now that his killer is finally dead.”
“Good. I would have forgotten to get you a present.”
Steve growled.
“Believe or not," said Rhodey. "We know who you really are. And no matter how much you play up the playboy image, you’ve always been the one gal type of guy. Doesn’t take much for you to fall head over heels, Tones. They’re few and far between, but when you fall, man, you go all the way.”
“Steve,” Tony said, squeezing his hand. “Honey, I think it’s okay.”
The stone didn’t answer. Tony didn’t expect it to anyway.
“Hum. Don’t know. Check under your bed. Maybe a goblin took it.”
Let me start out by saying that I plan on finishing this. I only have 7 of the 12 planned chapters written (3 typed, 4 handwritten), but my goal is to start and finish this story by the end of the year. Updates will be twice a month around the first and third Friday/ Saturday. I am staring a new job in a different country, so please bear with me if I fall behind. I want to make sure I meet my goal and what I produce is good quality content.
Four.
Tony peaked out from beneath his arms like a child hiding from his parents. Not a single hint of anger or disgust in their eyes. If anything, Clint even looked slightly guilty. It made his heart melt a little. Only a little. “I still like girls Pep,” he mumbled.
Steve shook his head. “In a bit. Need some space to think.”
“I could help,” offered Tony in the same way he had offered so many times during their phone conversations.
The kids scampered away from the car and the women suddenly found the brick structures fascinating. Tony whistled in frustration. “Doesn't trust me, huh? Has to send two of my best to tail my ass because I’m that unreliable.”
Tony’s left arm shot up to block the blunt attack. But it was no good. The shovel came down hard on his arm, forcing him to stagger back. Steve took advantage of the paralysis and swung up at the jaw line with the blunt of the weapon.
“And so is a heart attack,“ he replied, enjoying the excuse to be a smartass.
Steve spun around to face the source of the voice. There was a vaguely shaped figure standing in the darkness. “Who are you?” he demanded, trying to control the concoction of emotions swirling in his chest. If this person had seen him kiss Tony, that could be bad news for the both of them.
Metal scraped against concrete as Tony tried to right himself. But it was no use. Rumlow’s bruising grip held Tony in place. As much as he tried, Tony couldn’t kick himself free. He was stuck. “War Machine!”
Steve weighed the present in his hands. It was light for its large size, but still had some bulk to it. The larger present was rectangular in shape, but there were some smaller bumps shifting around inside of indeterminable shape. With adept fingers, he slowly separated the paper from the tape. As he pulled the paper off to reveal the gift, Steve’s mouth dropped open. All he could do was look at the thing and take it all in.
“Heartbeat’s a little fast, but considering all the coffee you drink that’s not unusual,” said Bruce, looking up from his watch.
“And you’re sure the guy is going to show, right?” asked Sam, poking the cold ashes in the ashtray. Whoever had smoked was clearly long gone. “Because I heard Stark Industries is offering factory work if this doesn’t work out.”
“Whoever you are, stay back!” he shouted; granted it would sound a lot more threatening if he wasn’t panting for each breath.
Jan and Natasha were on the makeshift dance floor, currently entertaining the drunken soldiers as an old phonograph played music from a more innocent age. Jan was dancing to her heart’s content with three guys filled to the gills with alcohol. Natasha was engaged in an intense game of poker and, by the look of her pile of coins, booze, cigarettes, and other shiny trinkets, she was winning. Carol had found a quiet corner, away from the rambunctious noise, and was in deep conversation with a man who looked shell shocked. Tony couldn’t hear what they were saying, but he recognized the signs; twitchy fingers, bloodshot eyes, a general instability to calm down. But with each understanding nod, the man looked calmer and Carol’s smile grew bigger.
“Do you want me to answer that, or is it just rhetorical?”
Clint shrugged, trying his best not to jostle Tony too much. “It’s your story to tell boss.”
Steve looked at Tony. This smaller, younger version of his boyfriend saying words that Steve had only dreamt of hearing. And here Steve was, having to let him down gently instead of saying ‘yes’ like he wanted. “Tony, that’s sweet of you. But you can’t be my wife.”
“Besides shooting until the Feds show up?” shouted Steve.
Steve buried his head in his arms. He didn’t say anything. But Sam was more than willing to ante up the information. “Steve and his boyfriend go in a fight.”
Tony grinned in delight. Steve’s plan was working. They we’re getting the stolen weapons out of Hydra hands. Who would’a thunk Steve could pull it off.
Steve watched with a smile as long as he could. He waited a few seconds after Tony rounded a corner before returning to the light from the alley.
“Okay.” Not into dancing. That was fine. There were plenty of other ways for blond and beautiful to amuse himself and stay within Tony’s line of sight. “How about I call one of the girls over for some company? You guys could go in the back and-”
Steve could only shrug. “I know a guy,” he lied. He did know a guy, but Tony didn’t need to know that Steve was that guy. Steve hated lying. But Tony didn’t need to know about Steve’s side job. It was better this way. He didn’t need the fight between legal and illegal. Moral and amoral. Steve just needed to remember that Tony was, as far as the signs showed, a straight shooting guy that didn’t need the scandal from seeing a guy that swung both ways.
“We gotta split up,” Iron Man said, mind present and ready to command his troops. “War Machine and Rescue, you two cover me and make sure those whack jobs don’t escape. Keep ‘em nice and corralled. Hawkeye, keep us informed if they make any sudden movements.”
“Join the club,” Steve joked with an amused grin. “Buck’s the president.”
Tony smiled. A real big Cheshire cat smile that wrinkled around his eyes like soft cloth. “You're evil Rogers.”
Bruce jabbed a finger into a freshly purpling bruise. Tony stifled a grunt of pain as he doubled over the injury. “You’ve got the underground up in arms because of us, and yet you think it’s a good idea to go wandering around the city with no backup. If I didn’t know any better, I’d say you lost your mind.”
This couldn’t be Tony, and yet the heartbreaking look on Tony’s face told him that it was. The man that Steve had grown to love was a farce. A façade for something Steve always wished he could have, but when presented with the glimmer of hope, crushed the too good to be true dream with a dirty, sullied reality.
Shaking off the initial shock, what he saw in the room was even more breathtaking than the lobby. Maybe more so because it felt so much like Tony. Downstairs was all clean lines and the latest architectural designs. The warm, enteric gold tinted lighting feels so cold and heartless compared to the bright light that filtered into the large room. The steel models glinting like stars in the sunlight, the mess of wires and empty coffee cups, the disarray of papers on a far wall with a newsprint stabbed right in the center with a purple arrow and a Iron Man helmet surrounded by hearts, Steve could only stare in awe. This was like the sketch in the ground brought to life. With all the moving dials and fluxing displays on large rectangular devices, Steve half expected to see something fly over his head like something out of a science fiction novel. How did Tony have access to such amazing things?
“I don’t know. It seemed like something to take offense to.”
The entire village revered Tony, but from the way Steve’s heart beat like a drum every time the blacksmith looked at him, Steve knew his feelings admiration for Tony different.
“But isn’t there anyone you miss? What about Jarvis?”
Not but a few yards away from Iron Man’s new toy, a groan came from a human shaped, grey pile of metal.
Steve immediately went into attack mode. “What? What is it?” he asked, his eyes darted around the room for anything dangerous.
Tony, why do you have to be a little shit and have over 4,000 words in MORE THAN ONE CHAPTER!?
Steve chuckled. Yeah, that one would do it. “I guess that means we should tell the team.”
Tony groaned and collapsed on the ground. His stomach growled, loud and clear. Damn. He needed breakfast. In a rare moment of foresight, Tony had brought his brown paper bag of takeout with him on his rounds. But unwritten keeper rules said it was a bad idea to eat in front of the animals.
Steve closed his eyes and whipped his mouth with the least bloody part of his sleeve. He looked over his shoulder at Tony, expecting to see some sort of shock or horror at Steve’s barbaric display of anger. Instead, the look on Tony’s face was the antithesis of fear. He looked calm and relaxed, as if nothing out of the ordinary had occurred.
“I’ll take you to see him,” she said with a haughty air.  “However, he’s a very busy man, so I can’t guarantee that he’ll talk to you-”
Tony really didn’t want to be on the other end of work gossip right now.
Tony laughed as he tried to push the monster of a man off him. “You’re human now, silly. Humans kiss. Remember how to kiss?”
“What?” asked Tony, very aware now of the eyes on him and the heat racing up to his cheeks. “I was just making casual conversation.”
“And here you are, eating up every one of his tricks for attention and it’s just so… Arg! I can’t stand it. I’m so much better than that. And eventually you’re going to get annoyed and hate him and then hate me and then-”
No way. That was impossible. AIM was just trying to scare him when they said they could reach into Tony's time stream and manipulate important things from his past, right? He had seen their notes on the blackboard. The numbers and math were all wrong. Most of the formulas they used were theoretical and the results made absolutely no sense. The tech they were using was ten years old and smoked like a garbage fire. They still had that obnoxious dial-up sound playing over the loudspeaker.
The man stuck his hand out. “Captain Steve Rogers of the Howling Commandos,” he said as loud and as awkward as a private on the first day with a new title. “I forgot to introduce myself earlier.”
Not thinking about the consequences, Tony ran out from under his cover. He had to get to Steve. Steve seemed to be holding them off for now, strong fists mercilessly battering them back, but he didn’t know how much longer Steve could last. Three or four Hydra boys for every one of Steve’s, the odds weren’t looking good.
The white noise of his frenzy began to dissipate. “What?” he asked, voice somewhere between hysterics and a cautious whisper.
But as he gasped for air and grasped for words, he realized it was too late for that. It was true, whether Steve admitted it or not. And saying it or not saying it wouldn’t change the fact that it was true.
“You know I am.”
“Doesn’t matter,” said Tony flippantly. “What matters is that it happened and I refuse to let it happen again. If it can happened once-”
Against his better judgment, he pushed. This all lead back to Tony, and he would be damned if he let Steve take the fall for him on this one. Tony wanted to get as much information as he could with the hopes of spiriting Steve away to a safe house later.
“Doesn’t mean we should stand by and do nothing,” whispered Steve, crossing his arms across his chest. “He may have the right to free speech, but he’s harassing the public with this bull.”
An average Joe walked out from the darkness. He looked harmless enough; dark suit, receding hairline, friendly smile, but there was a sharpness to his eyes that made Steve feel twitchy. It was as if he was being analyzed under a magnifying glass and all his little secrets were being scrutinized with interest and in great detail. “I’m not surprised that you’re suspicious Captain Rogers,” the man said with a careless air. “You were just assaulted by Hydra agents and now a guy you’ve never seen before steps out of the literal shadows to tell you not to worry about your friend. In my defense, I’ve always wanted to do that. Bit of a drama queen.”
“Yo Cap!” Sam yelled as he dashed down from his lookout.
“I hear you, big guy,” Tony said, wiping the spit off his face. “Trading one crappy cage for another, I can see why you’d be mad.”
“Besides,” muttered Barton, looking at the door with thoughtful eyes. “Seemed like the kind of guy you could tell that type of stuff to. Trust worthy type.”
“Takes a lotta people to run a company,” said Rhodey.
“Damn that’s hot.”
From outside the building, they heard the sound of glass raining down onto the pavement. The small amount of light filtering in from the windows high above their head begins to disappear.
“Hard to forget,” said Tony. “The way you threw that shield, it was like watching a game of billiards in real life. A beautiful understanding of physics if I do say so myself.”
Tony staggered back, surprised that Steve would push him away after everything they’d been through. Tony took a cautious step forward, ready to try again when he noticed something in his hand. Between his fingers was a large clump of grey and gold fur.
Steve shook off the shock as best he could and took the hand in a firm shake. Of all the things he could fuck up, this couldn’t be one of them. Despite his disagreement for big time mafia families (epically his controversy over what the Iron Family had done in recent weeks) Steve could not screw this up. The last thing he wanted was an all-out war. “Call me Captain,” he said, voice surprisingly steady considering the revelation. “These are my associates, Thor, Winter Soldier, and Falcon.”
Steve did know. And as much as he told her again and again that she didn’t owe him anything for safe passage out of Russia, it was times like these where she held it to him.
“Why don’t you clean it?”
Quick thanks to my beta kuailong.
See, only a few people knew that Iron Man was piloted by the infamous Tony Stark. And of that number, even fewer knew of Tony’s unique “physical” needs. No, he wasn’t talking about his proclivity for sex. Yes, he could be talking about the RT device permanently wrapped around his torso, but that wasn’t what Tony was thinking about as he stripped down to his birthday suit in negative temperatures. No, he was thinking about something else.
“And this hit does?”
Steve, to Tony’s surprise, looked scandalized at the suggestion. “I can’t do that to him.”
Steve was still a little hesitant, but with Tony’s guidance Steve started getting the hang of it. Obliviously, he was less practiced than Tony. His hand placement was wrong and his movements were very slow and too deliberate. However, the level of focus and the look of concentration on Steve’s face made Tony wish Steve was a Donut Doll and not another soldier. The way Steve worked with dough was strangely erotic. The more Tony thought about it, the more he realized it wouldn’t be too hard to fill an entire book with with endless passages describing how Steve looked in that moment.
“I don’t know,” said Jan, a sly smile on her face. “He’s been sneaking looks at our truck ever since we got here.”
Tony must have noticed something was wrong with Steve. Maybe it was his heavy breathing or the unfocused look in his eyes. Either way, Tony took the initiative. He slipped his calloused hands under Steve’s fingers and lifted the bloody digits up to his discerning eyes. Tony hummed at the bruises and abrasions along the back of Steve’s hands. He ran his thumbs along the bright red knuckles. Steve hissed as Tony’s fingers brushed against the flaps of skin peeling off his hands. “Skin’s broken,” said Tony. “We should get you patched up.”
“It isn’t that bad,” Tony insisted as Steve wrapped the cloth around his blood soaked shoulder. Tony was referring to his own injury. “Been through worse. I think the bullet’s still in there.”
Steve jumped into the truck and, goddamn, how big were those shoulders? They took up the entire door.
Head still facing down, Tony looked up at Stane through desperate eyes. It had always been like this, as long as he had know Obie. Through the years of his childhood, through thick and thin, Obie had been the one good constant in his life. Helping him up to his potential. Being there when Howard never was. Advising him on what was best in life, but only if his ideas weren't stupid. Tony relied on him just as much as he relied on Pepper, but even Obi could come up with some very stupid ideas sometimes. “And what do you suggest I do?” he asked.
“And they were before?” Steve didn’t want to deal with this. He really didn’t want to deal with this. He was having an okay day, all things considering, but this shit blew the debacle with War Machine out of the water. Hail Hydra, raisers of hell. What was he to do? What was he to do!
Tony chuckled. It sounded tired and soulless. When was the last time Tony had smiled or laughed? “When are they not? Pepper says ‘danger’ is my middle name, but I’m partial to ‘regular reckless endangerment to my own health’ personally.”
"What?!" Steve could hardly believe his ears. Did Tony know what he was agreeing to? This wasn’t as easy or innocent as a walk in the park. They could all go to jail for this.
If you have any speculations or questions, please comment. I need to know if I need to drop more hints.
“I thought you just had a loose association with them, but that’s a lie,” the shock cause his thoughts spilled out of his mouth freely. Each piece of reality slotting into place like a jigsaw puzzle as it slowly destroy his heart and trust. “You know them. You know all their secrets. You helped a known terrorist destroy who knows how many lives! And you got me involved too,” he said, jabbing at the rag pinned to the wall. Steve couldn’t believe Tony could use him as inspiration for such a horrible thing. There was no way in hell that this was the same Tony that had joked with him over bootleg in a drafty apartment. This wasn’t the same Tony that jumped into harm’s way to protect Steve why Hydra had targeted Steve the night of the run. This wasn’t the same Tony that he had spent hours on the phone with, a crackling line bringing a smile to his face every time he inserted another coin into the steel slot.
“This is so cool. I wish we knew the science behind this, if we could replicate this on earth, imagine the applications-” Tony started, and the Clint heaved a sigh.
“Why the hell should I give him to you?” He asked coldly, and everyone’s hackles instantly rose. Tony understood why Peter was so angry, but the others instantly switched from ‘friendly’ to ‘possible threat’, in a matter of moments. Steve and Bruce looked ready to jump over the table and liberate Tony from the kid any second.
Hi all!!!! Thank you to anyone returning, and hello to anyone new! I'm quite excited about how this story is coming along, and I hope you're liking it! Thank you so much as well so everyone who's left a comment <3 <3 it makes my day, no lie!! Enjoy the chapter, and I'll see you around next week!
“Anthony must be put to rights.” Thor called, straightening up as he looked over to where Steve was leaned against the wall. “Though I must also continue my search for Loki. He can not have left Midgard, and now that we know he is near, we shall find him.” With that he strode out of the workshop and turned to go back up the stairs. Natasha walked in as Thor walked out, phone held out in one hand.
“You don’t know her?” She asked. Thor shook his head with an air of disappointment.
Tony looked over at the truck and his suspicions were confirmed; it said Animal Control on the back, and it had cages set into the sides. There was another person rummaging through a hatch and getting out cases. He too had a noose-thing.
Tony didn’t even encounter anyone until the next afternoon, and it was Thor, to find out that he was leaving.
happens again, you’re being put on temporary leave when things are put back to normal. All your behavior today was completely out of line.” Coulson finished, standing up and leaving them all there in stunned silence.
There was a grunt, then an inhale of breath, before the pile of clothes began shifting wildly as Bruce struggled to free himself. All four of the cats worked to untangle him and before long he was pressed against the door, fur fluffed up in fear. They all hung back warily; nobody knew if the magic had affected the Hulk too.
Tony was not taking a bath, and he let Steve know that in no uncertain terms when he bolted across the foyer, nails scrambling against the smooth floor as he turned down the hallway.
“Sure. Doesn’t mean I have to like it.” Clint muttered, tilting sideways until he was lying on a clean patch of floor. Tony shoved his head under Clint’s arm and they ended up falling asleep like that, side by side and surrounded by forgotten cookie dough.
“Not enough time. I’m sending you her last recorded coordinates.” Steve said, and a red dot blinked onto the map they had pulled up. She was in an apartment building- third floor.
out of the room as the rest of them all got up to stretch. Tony snatched up the flak jacket and dragged it over to Clint, nudging him in the leg with it before he could leave the kitchen.
Hannah gave Steve a smile and nodded. “It wasn’t totally out of the way; I have a relative who works for SHIELD, and I’ve always wanted to check out the helicarrier.” She gave Tony some new gauze and re-taped the wound, putting the sweater back on him and rubbing underneath his chin.
.” Tony said, growing desperate and starting to fear the worst. What if Peter had been hurt? What if he was lying in a ditch, or worse? What if he’d been killed?
Thanks!
Tony couldn’t see what the light was from the ground, so he made his way across the chapel, weaving around demolished pews and giving the destroyed alter a wide berth. The longer he stayed the more his neck tingled; the more he felt like he might not be completely alone. His footsteps were loud and echoed in the space no matter how hard he tried to be silent. Tony was grateful when he reached the scaffolding and started to inch his way up, legs hooking over the rungs of the ladder as he slowly pulled himself from level to level. Nobody talked on comms so he continued all the way to the top, stopping to listen just before he heaved himself onto the final platform.
Tony picked up his pace and singed his fur a few times in his recklessness. It payed off when he reached the collapsed rubble to see Natasha’s bright hair in a small pocket underneath a large portion of the upper floor. He could only see her head and shoulder but she was breathing.
Tony contemplated his options. The door was shut, and locked, with something too complex for him to open as a cat (He had to hand it to the kid, he was pretty smart). He might be able to pry open the laptop, but it was possible that the light would wake up Peter. He could try to open the window- though he wasn’t sure if he really wanted to find out whether he would land on his feet or not. So he sighed and curled up around Peter’s feet, drifting off to sleep faster than he ever had as a human.
Instead of replying himself, JARVIS played the audio of Tony making the decision.
He gave one final look at Spider-Man, who looked incredibly confused, even with his mask on. Fury turned to the guy and sighed.
“Ready to be briefed, boss.” Clint called, walking in with Natasha in tow. Everyone took seats around the table- including Tony- and the two of them gave him strange looks.
“It was mostly the same as the last one, except for the company I had this time.” Tony said, wiping his snowy paws on the mat before trotting beside her as she returned to the living room. She made an inquisitive humming noise and Clint glanced up from the floor where he was picking at his nails. The T.V. had Mario Kart paused on it, with a first-place toad and a princess peach frozen mid-air, two green shells arcing away from her character. Clint and Natasha weren’t afraid to fight dirty.
“Where have you been all morning? You barely even said hello yesterday. Is everything alright?” Tony peeked his head over Peter’s shoulder and she made a face. “A cat? Peter, you know I do all I can to support us, but we can’t-”
?” Clint said, leaving Tony- the ‘dog’- alone and instead going back to the doppelganger to help him up. Loki made a bit of a show of trying to stand and then collapsing, holding his leg and scrunching his face up in pain. Tony didn’t see any of the other Avengers, though he heard the
Tony made a split-second decision as the building shook, shoving himself under the charred wood and straining every muscle in his body as he tried to lift it. His back foot was screaming in pain but he was inching it up, getting the beam just high enough for Natasha to wiggle her foot out and get clear. As soon as Tony heard her shuffle backwards he slid free, jumping out before the whole weight of the rubble could trap him, too.
“Phil, with all due respect, I can handle most of anything Tony can dish out, so I really don’t think I’ll be floored. Tell me what happened. JARVIS, you can close the doors.” Pepper cocked her hips and folded her arms, gaze switching between Peter and the phone. She wasn’t pleased, but she also didn’t seem very surprised.
Peter ->  >:0
“I got you!” A red-and-blue clad teenager leapt from behind Tony’s head, feet connecting solidly with the suit’s chest. It was smashed into the pavement (a bit over eagerly) for good measure.
“You’ve obviously never had to live off of rations.”
Dummy gave him an enthusiastic greeting, quelling Tony’s anger a little as he bobbed his claw up and down, not unlike a bird would. He waited patiently while Tony had the armor taken off and as soon as he could he was up in Tony’s space, bumping into him and beeping excitedly. Butterfingers and U were more laid back but they too patted him with their arms and started to beep. Tony felt a hundred times better after they’d said hello and he even sang to some Metallica during his shower, as opposed to screaming, like he usually did after arguing with Steve.
“What? Are you alright?” Tony looked him in the eye, and then shoved his paws inside his suit jacket.
Chills crawled up Tony’s back and he took a deep breath as he soldiered his way across town to his destination. From their satellite images, it had perhaps been an old house or shop.
Tony jumped forwards and tore the other cat from Loki’s back, flinging it into the leg of one of the tables.
Tony took a deep breath and steeled his nerves, looking anywhere besides the tub of water.
Thios is tonyt
The building rocked, and Tony nearly slipped off the shelf.
“We’re grown professionals, stop whining and clean up the mess.” Steve called, and Clint looked over at Tony with a, ‘get a load of this guy’ look on his face. Tony sympathized with him and nodded gravely.
“So do you know where those things came from? I thought I was going crazy when I first saw them, they looked so much like the Iron Man suits. Except they obviously weren’t made to have a pilot inside. Plus they were made of some kind of aluminum alloy! Which is waaaay weaker than the gold titanium alloy Tony Stark uses in his suits. It’s a cheaper option though, which probably made it easier to have so many. Whoever was behind it definitely didn’t care about them being expendable. I-” Spider-man spoke, rapid-fire, but stopped when he seemed to remember himself. “Oh uh, sorry.”
“My brother can be crafty when he so desires. His magic is weak as a feline, but as soon as he is restored to his rightful form, there is no telling what he will do. If we are lucky, he will leave us here as we are and return to whence he came. If we are not…” Thor trailed off and let them all get the broad picture, most of which was being agonizingly and brutally shanked by the god of mischief.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Does this spell out ‘Tony’?” He asked, and Tony nodded frantically. Thor seemed a bit surprised. “You understand english?” Thor was bemused, bending down again. Tony nodded and Thor frowned even harder.
“He’s right, you know. I bet he would faint if he knew how much this kitchen cost.” Natasha chuckled at herself, but Tony had to agree. It was… a pricey building.
“Oooh, I’ve got this one.” Natasha called, jumping up onto the couch and fishing the remote out from between the cushions. After a moment of struggling she started typing out a title and Peter made a tiny groaning noise when he realized what she was aiming for.
Next thing they knew, they were waking up on top of each other after a three hour nap, and Tony  didn’t really regret it; he was more fond than irritated
On second thought, Tony actually didn’t care about being called crazy.
“Wait to push up until everyone is in position- if we shift this the wrong way, we’ll hurt her.” Tony shouted, waiting for the debris to stop settling before he shouted, “Go!”
“We’re going to talk to Loki, and see about getting you guys turned back.” He said, absent-mindedly stroking his fingers down Natasha’s back, who was nestled in the crook of his arm. Steve and Tony exchanged a glance before they got in the elevator, where Clint was also a little weirded out, Thor was grooming his ass, and Bruce looked like he was trying not to laugh.
The desk was nice, though Tony couldn’t really see the browns very well. There was a lamp, and stacks of clear disk cases all over. Files? Why would a kid need so many files? Tony figured they were probably for school, the poor sap. He also had a bookshelf full of the classics. Tony sniffed along the bottom and could tell that the kid favored Vonnegut, though Whiteman was a close second; those volumes smelled more strongly of him than the others. He smelled like laundry detergent and fresh paper, combined with the metallic smokiness you got when you used a blowtorch. Tony trotted over to the closet and stood up on his hind legs to reach the knob. As soon as he got it open, the kid glanced around at Tony and startled out of his chair.
He thought, and was surprised when his real voice said it aloud.
“Is he even qualified for this?? He’s barely seventeen!”
Tony finally took a break longer than an hour, lounging in his bed in the kitchen to get some sleep.
Steve stepped back out of his way as he went around the room cleaning what he could. The couch cushions were shredded, what was left of the dining chairs was scattered across the floor, a bookshelf was knocked over, several vases had been shattered, and finally, the TV looked like it had been hit by a baseball. It hung dejectedly from the wall and pieces of the screen had fallen out where the shatter was.
short. After I take my finals, I can definitely get out some longer chapters. Hang in there!
The first thing they did was feed the cats.The fun was starting to wear off into grumpy Hangriness, which was a term they all learned from Tony. Nobody was keen on letting all the Avengers go hungry for too long- especially Thor. Coulson poured out their food into bowls while Hill took off their jackets, and Peter fidgeted anxiously next to the kitchen island.
just because it was the most dramatic option you had!” Steve jabbed his finger into the chest of the armor, right where the glass casing for the reactor sat. Tony slapped his hand away and used his height advantage to loom over him.
Tony resumed his angry gnawing on a large bone he had found behind a dumpster. He had no idea where it came from, and he never wanted to find out. It was as stress-relieving as a sparring session, so he wasn’t going to look too deep into it.
“She’s got two rods in her shin and a few staples in her shoulder, but other than that she got out perfectly fine. Besides the smoke inhalation.” Clint said, leaning forward to pat Tony’s shoulder.
you get checked out. Hannah’s been called in and we need to make sure you get help right away.” Steve said as they walked into an examination room. He put Tony down on the table and took a step back while Bruce hovered right by Tony’s head, fingers running through the fur on his neck and fiddling with the oxygen line. It seemed to have a calming effect on them both and Bruce not-so-subtly took one of Steve’s hands and directed it to Tony’s head.
“Would you by chance know of a man named Tony Stark? Is that the matter at hand?” Tony nodded again, and Thor seemed to come to a conclusion, standing up and brushing himself off.
issue.” Peter’s face went maybe a shade paler and Tony decided to intervene.
“Pete, my man, my awkward guy, my nerdy friend- just a bit farther. Please?” Tony pulled on the leash a bit, giving a few pathetic cries and his best sad eyes. Peter sighed, rubbing a hand over his mouth.
They came for him, exactly when they said they would, and Tony finally got to go home.
“Hey, Tony. Long time no see.” She beamed at him, and it was that contagious sort of happiness, so he found himself with a genuine smile.
“Fury, this is Agent Coulson. The Avengers have been compromised, Raven is in custody, and Iron Man is MIA. I’m going to need some backup.” The cats’ hearing was much more acute than it had ever been as humans (Steve’s hearing as well, which he assumed meant it had amplified even more, since it had been excellent thanks to the serum), so they could hear the whole conversation.
“No, I mean all sad, and… droopy.” Pepper lifted up one of his front legs and let it flop back down to the bed. The others exchanged a few glances before Clint shrugged.
“For brevity’s sake, yes to all of that.” She turned back to the navigation screens, and began flipping switches to initiate the start-up sequence.
“Yea, I’m at the building. Going in now.” He said, scouting around the outside for the safest way in. It had a partial roof on it, but only the southeast corner. Tony could already see a faint blue glow coming from the inside.
“Nooo, no no, no. The closet is off limits. There’s a reason I don’t leave it open, kitty.” He muttered, scooping up the cat and shutting the door. He locked it for good measure. “There. You can go wherever else, though. This might take a few minutes.” He scratched the cat’s chest, and frowned when his fingers bumped the reactor. “What the hell?” He laid Tony- who was valiantly trying to claw his way to freedom- on the bed, and parted the fur between his front legs to get a better look. The soft blue glow highlighted his face as he inspected it while the cat gnawed on the ends of his fingers. “Damn, did…. Your owners, did they experiment on you?! That’s fucked up, man. Jesus.” He took Tony’s legs and felt up and down them, then poked at the rest of his body, as if trying to find other pieces of metal or non-biological changes. Satisfied that it was only the reactor, he sat back and scrubbed his hands down his face. “That’s… I can’t believe someone would do something like that, to a cat! Well, actually…” He trailed off, frowning at nothing in particular. Tony could feel the angry vibrating off of him, and his fur instinctually started to puff out. “Yea, I do, actually. Fuck!”
(See the end of the chapter for
The internal war was over when Loki got a particularly nasty bite to the back of his neck and he caterwauled loud enough for Dum-E to wake from where he was charging.
“Oh my god, all of you guys?” She put a fist against her mouth in thought, and then stooped to pick up Tony, who purred like a motorboat when she started to scratch his chest, fingers skating around the reactor. Her eyes watered a little bit and her nose was starting to turn pink but she didn’t seem to mind.
His feet scrambled for purchase on the hardwood floor as he slid into the living room. Sure enough, robots were whizzing by the windows, the impacts of fighting reverberating in the air.
“The kibble must taste horrible, look at him go.” Clint looked back to the hand Natasha had laid down and swore, throwing his cards onto the pile and crossing his arms as he pouted. Natasha gave a raspy chuckle and scooped up the candy bars they were playing for.
Steve curled up similarly next to Clint and pressed their sides together. He unconsciously began purring, though he didn’t realize it till the other cat relaxed against him.
I'm soooo sorry for taking so long to continue this. I've tried really hard not to be one of those writers, but alas, it happened. Either way, I saw a post about viewer engagement on Tumblr and it made me remember how encouraging you guys are, no matter how critical I am of my own work. Just reading through your comments made me so happy and inspired again that I'm determined to keep going! So consider me back on the wagon, and I'm going to do my best to upload semi-regularly. I'll be gone for a week in late June but that should be the only hiccup, if it even causes one. But anyways, I'm done rambling, enjoy the chapter!
“Woah, Thor, wait. We know nothing about this dog. What if he’s here to hurt Stark? When we found them the first time, it was attacking him. This dog broke his leg! Why should we let him anywhere near him?” Clint said, holding his arms out to stop Thor from going down to the workshop.
By the time Tony was let out of the bathroom it was almost noon, and he didn’t leave his bedroom until after dusk. The rest of the team was gathered in the living room, a new couch having been acquired while Tony was in ‘timeout’. Nobody turned to look at him as he trotted over to an empty chair and jumped up. He had just flopped down when Steve reached over the armrest and pushed him off onto the floor.
“Oh, cool. Hopefully everything turns out okay with that. So uh, your dog? His name is Tones? Can I pet him, or is he like genetically enhanced as a military weapon or something? ‘Cause he can do some cool stuff!” Spider-kid continued, arms gesticulating more as he got himself on a roll. He didn’t even pause when the quinjet roared to life and began ascending. “He was running all over in the battle, like dodging bullets and bad guys, it was so sweet! And then I saw him use some cool moves to take down one of those robot things! Where did you get a dog like that? Will he live as long as a normal dog, or like-”
They finally made their way to the third floor and the smoke was thicker than the lower levels, Tony nearly on his belly to keep his head down. They couldn’t hear the noise from outside anymore, though the flames roared around them. The other agent turned to speak to Tony, and that was when he heard the screaming.
“HEY! What’s going on?” A new voice shouted, and Tony could have cried with relief. Natasha was power-walking down the road towards them, seemingly unhindered by her air cast. “Put your weapons down,
“Is that a
As soon as Tony could get in a breath he gasped, rolling onto his stomach, leaving smears of blood behind as his chest heaved and his head cleared. Steve and Thor were scouring the lab for any other signs of Loki, while Natasha had vanished, and Bruce nudged Clint out of the way to resume the prodding himself.
They didn’t talk much and Tony found himself finally falling asleep after being so exhausted for so long.
“What do you want? Leave. Go. Shoo!” Steve stuck out a leg to push him back, and then slammed the door in Tony’s face. He felt a surge of anger well up and he snarled at where he knew the camera was hidden.
“Tasha? Are you okay?” She whipped around to look at them, and her ears flattened against her head.
“You’re also not supposed to be in here past visiting hours, but I suppose it doesn’t hurt anything.” Harley added, giving Clint a smile before the nurses- all in their pajamas- left again, dimming the lights as they passed.
Tony was trying to smell past the thick layer of smoke in his throat and he caught something. The scent of blood was both hopeful and foreboding; someone was there, but he had no idea if he’d be too late.
“I had come with the news that my brother had escaped Asgard, but I knew not that he would travel here.” Thor’s hand gripped Mjolnir’s handle tight and Tony didn’t envy the hammer at all. “Though I am not surprised.”
Tony wiped the rest of the paint off his paw and made sure it was clean, stepping back and trying not to let his skin crawl. Anyone who got a hold of those codes and could synthesize a voice recording of any of them would be able to use them.They required voice recognition to work, but there were people out there capable of doing it. Tony knew it was possible.
“Release me, you filthy mongrel!” Loki screeched, claws whirling and tail lashing as he thrashed his body in Phil’s grip. It had barely been an hour since everything had happened and the god was finally awake; and righteously pissed. Phil looked around the room, striding over to the couch, tucking Loki under an arm and getting one of the pillowcases off the couch pillows. Three of them were regular sleep pillows and Phil used one of those. He dropped Loki inside it and tied the open end, letting the bundle dangle from his fist as he observed the damage.
“Bruce also told me about what happened this morning, before the alert. Ochen' stranno, Tones. Very strange situation.” Her voice had an undertone of suspicion now, and Tony started searching for anything that could bolster his previous excuses. Or… he could come clean.
“What the hell, Stark?” Steve said, gesturing to the absolute mess he had made. The mansion was almost silent besides the faint noises of birds and cars from outside.
“Please, behave. Just because we’re in a pet store doesn’t mean-” Tony didn’t find out what it meant, because Peter cut himself off after Tony jumped to the floor and shook himself out. When Tony didn’t bolt for the door, Peter reluctantly shrugged his backpack back on, and they continued on their way. The basket Peter held already had cat food and toys in it and there were only a few more things they needed before they could leave.
After a few moments Steve put down his towel and sighed. Tony turned to watch him rubbing his face, shoulders hunched as he sat on the floor with his legs stretched out.
I'M SO SORRY, GUYS! After this story and onwards, I'm going to finish my work before I start posting, so that I can update consistently and without such big gaps. Because I SUCK at writing, and I can't force myself to do it. So I'm sorry again for the big gap, and I promise I'm slowly but surely getting through this. The chapters are all going to be different lengths, and I'll try to make the next one much longer.
After almost a minute of Bruce assessing the situation, his hackles dropped, and he relaxed a little.
“Coyote, are you on target?” Rumlow’s voice crackled over the comms, just as Tony rounded a corner and came up to the demolished structure he was supposed to climb in.
“Alright, there? I can leave your lights on dim, if you’d like that.” She said, checking his chart at the foot of the bed. Tony wasn’t sure if they had all been briefed on him and knew who he was, but he nodded at her and she smiled again, glancing back one last time before she left, dimming the lights and leaving the door open a crack.
The world around him fuzzed back into semi-awareness and he saw the snow, saw the driveway he was laying in and he saw the mansion towering over them in front of the gray sky. He was in New York, with his team, the Avengers-
“He’s here, but he’s unconscious. Loki had put some kind of illusion over the containment unit, because when we first got here it looked like he was still in here. After Thor realized it was a trick it kind of flickered, and then he was gone, and Agent Monroe was laying here-”
“Jesus, he’s being difficult today.” Bruce muttered, taking off his glasses and rubbing his eyes. Steve felt a small pang of sympathy for him.
“Let us rejoin them and hatch a new plan of action.” Thor said, taking off towards the rest of their group and leaving them to scramble after him.
He veered to the side when he heard someone running towards him and he noticed that it was cold- it was bright and cold and he had no idea why, but it was miles better than the water so he kept running, his feet going numb until he hit a patch of slippery rock and he went down, sliding a few feet before he stopped.
“JARVIS, time?” Tony cracked his back and stretched, letting the AI minimize some of the open holograms and turn down his music to an appropriate volume.
“Need a hand?” He asked rhetorically, bending down and fastening the jacket snugly around Tony’s chest as the others filed out to get ready. Clint stayed where he was when he finished and fussed with the straps. “Nat and I aren’t really comfortable with Fury’s call here, but there’s nothing to be done about it. Be careful, alright?” Clint ruffled the fur on top of Tony’s head before he stood up and left, leaving the kitchen silently as Tony paused there and thought about what had happened. Clint needed him to watch their backs, and he would. Tony had always been there for them since the start of the Avengers and he wasn’t going to stop anytime soon.
“So what’s the deal? Are you recruiting Spider-Man or not? If he’s on the team, he should know the details.”
“You… don’t remember?” Steve asked, one eyebrow raised. “That’s plausible.”
Tony actually shouted in surprise as they dropped like stones and sunk much the same. The grasshopper thrashed and ripped off the boots, crawling across Tony and tearing at the armor, as if trying to get back to the surface as fast as it could. He threw up his hands as the grasshopper made to chomp down on the helmet and got his gauntlets torn off for his troubles. Water was steadily leaking into the suit and JARVIS was saying something, sounding urgent, but Tony was panicking and trying to push the bug off. The prongs on the grasshopper’s legs were caught in the armor and there was a soft
Tony pushed the bowl away with his paw and turned to the fridge, but Steve blocked his way, arms crossed and jaw set in anger.
“You’re already on speaker, sir.”
“Well, it’s pretty easy to give a dog medicine. Just tuck it into a piece of food, like a small bite of hot dog or other meat. They can hardly ever tell that it’s in there, and if he can, try different foods until it works.” Hannah said, handing Steve the pills and giving Tony one final scratch behind the ears. “I own a clinic down in Manhattan, so here’s my card if you need to contact me for anything.” Hannah said, handing Steve a business card before she gave them a final smile and left.
Bruce nodded, bending down to look Tony in the eyes from across the finger-painting canvas.
Peter was very obviously reeling from the news that the six cats laying on the counter in front of him were previously an elite team of crime-fighting superheroes, but Coulson tended to gloss over things like that, and he was already moving on. “Now i’m sure you’re wondering where you factor into this. You know too much about this to go gossiping with friends- which I trust you won’t do- so you might as well have an… insider role, if you will.” Everyone was looking at each other with a bit of apprehension, since Coulson hadn’t brought this up with them beforehand.
“All done, Sir. Shall we run a test?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Are you alright? You seem stressed.” Steve put his elbows on his knees and relaxed his posture a bit to make sure he gave off a more companionable aura.
The phone in Bruce’s pocket began ringing, and he fumbled to answer it quickly.
“What’s going on? Why is there a dog?” Bruce paused halfway into the kitchen and finally seemed to notice Thor. “Oh, hey. When did you get back?”
Unlikely, but Tony occasionally allowed himself to dream.
Tony had gone through x-rays plenty of times, and it was never a pleasant process.
“Tony, are you alright?” Clint asked, leaning over so that their eyes met. Tony gave him a nod and the nurses seemed to settle down when his heart rate went back down to an acceptable level.
Tony sagged in defeat, letting Steve huff and puff and carry him all the way back to the foyer, where he unclipped the leash and put away his shoes with a single hand, Tony tucked under his other arm.
“I hate eating cat food.” Tony muttered, Steve humming in acknowledgement as he chowed down.
“Oh-hoh, oh my god- imagine- oh my god, what if they’d shaved your whole butt? YOU WOULDN’T HAVE ANY PANTS!” He was saved from kissing the floor by the vet, who slid him back to the middle of the exam table. Tony tried pretty hard to be angry, but he knew that those weird cat videos were Steve’s favorite and he didn’t mean any malice by it.
“You could get hurt, so yes, you’re still locked out.” Steve said, passing them all and disappearing into the kitchen. Bruce frowned at his retreating back and heaved a sigh.
He told himself, tilting his head side to side as he tried to pick up on any noises. He got nothing so he started to pick his way carefully towards the corner with the blue light, neck craning as he looked up. There was a ton of scaffolding in that portion of the church, as if someone had started doing repairs and then abandoned the place a second time.
“There is some less-good news, though. You’ve got some fluid in your lungs- here-” She pointed, and Tony could
“Just now, friend Banner.” Thor beamed, and Bruce blinked owlishly a few times before he turned and shuffled into the kitchen without a word. The rest of them paused for a second before they realized what they had been talking about before.
None of it was helping, so he barked. And barked, and barked, and made so much noise that it echoed around the room and made his head hurt. Tony barked himself hoarse and nobody came back.
Shit. There went his seeing eyes. When did Steve get climbers?  And why had they chosen
“Did I mention that I was making presents for everyone and that you’re in charge of everything I don't want until I get back?"
No talking about how his feelings for Kevin should have set off some alarms that he wasn’t straight. No advice about how he should have accepted his sexuality years ago instead of repressing it well into adulthood. No words of warning about how Steve’s voice made his heart melt and how Tony had used it as an excuse for so many things. No talking about his falling out and reconciliation with Steve. No details about his now very full life with Steve. Not a word about their relationship.
Tony let out a shaky breath. He couldn’t let this continue for much longer. He wanted the fight to stop, but there was no safe way of doing so. He hated doing this, but Bucky was a were. He could talk care of himself. Hopefully. Probably.
“Thank you Ms. Potts. That will be all,” he replied, attention on other more important things.
Bucky shook his head. “No, not really. Mostly meaningless growls and barks. But hey, take it as a compliment. For someone who’s forgotten how to be human, he seems pretty smitten with you.”
“Ah hem,” a familiar voice crackled over Tony’s radio. “As much as I enjoy listening to you two bicker, kiss, and make up, we have bigger problems on our hands.”
Tony balled his fist against one of the workbenches. “That’s it! I was planning on making you a new bow, but since you said that-”
Steve let out a heavy sigh. “Sorry. I should have closed the window on the way in. I just got so excited about finally asking you out that I completely forgot all about it,” Steve said with an awkward laugh. “I knew the guys would try to eavesdrop. I just didn’t expect them to be so sloppy about it.”
“It’s just a sketch. It’s not even that good,” Steve tried in vain to reach the paper.
“How about pride?”
“Yeah, I don’t blame you,” Steve said with a heavy sigh, trying his hardest to hide his disappointment.
Steve was about to release a breath of relief when War Machine choose that moment to speak.
Tony let out an annoyed huff. He stuck his tongue out at Steve and sank down into the beach chair. He crossed his arms and did everything he could to look as ugly as possible. Try drawing him now, Steve. Bet it’s going to be a lot harder, huh? A moving model is a pain in the butt. That’s what he got for being right.
Tony was offended, not that he had any ground to stand on with his own history escaping medical facilities. Tony wanted to say that money wasn’t an issue. He could take care of everything and Bruce would probably waive any fee anyway when he found out ‘grease monkey’ here was a friend of Steve’s. But he couldn’t. It wasn’t his place. He liked what he and Steve had right now and didn’t want to mess it up by bringing money into the mix. Especially the amount of money he made. Money always made everything messy. And that last thing he wanted or needed right now was chaos in his private life.
From within the ice, a pair of ocean blue eyes stared into his soul. A small breath passed Captain America’s lips, through it was hardly strong enough to be called a breath. His eyes were hazy and unfocused, but his gaze never faltered as Tony flitted back and forth in the water. The captain looked at Tony almost as if he could see him. His half-lidded eyes pulling Tony in like a silent siren’s song, asking him for help. Begging Tony not to turn away.
“Group huddle,” advised Sam.
But Steve didn’t answer. At least, not with words. He hollowed out his cheeks and began moving his mouth up and down Tony’s shaft.
“Okay,” Steve conceded with quiet reservation. “Pass me his gun.”
“I am not making a big deal out of this!”
Grabbing a nearby hanging rope, he knelt down by the prone body and began tying Rumlow’s hands behind his back.
Did he see? Did he notice? There was no way he could have. Even Tony was a wasn’t sure if it actually happened. Unless it did. Steve wasn’t the most subtle person in the world. With that sun kissed hair, and that gorgeous shoulder to waist ratio. God, artists would have a field day over his David like figure. And his smile with those sea blue eyes, Steve could make any person melt into a pile of goo.
“Don’t play dumb. It doesn’t suit you.” An amused smile flickered across Steve’s face. “You’re wondering what I think about when I draw you.”
As the shadows of the ending day grew longer and cool wind began to nip at Tony’s skin, Steve walked out of the water. There was a snorkel and mask on his head, a few fish hanging off his stick, and a big smile on his face.
Ms. Potts stared her down with the help of her black heels. “And I will tell you the same thing that I have told you before; I can do this job just fine without Obadiah Stane breathing down my neck every five minutes.”
“Why not? Being a living night light has its perks,” said Tony with a snarky smirk.
“Oh my goodness. I can’t believe that worked,” Wanda whispered to Vision.
“He's wearing an expensive suit, not slacks and suspenders.” Rhodey drummed his fingers against crossed arms. “Means he shouldn't be getting his orders through the grapevine like some low level goon.”
“I need the Iron Family front and center as a distraction for Hydra’s heavy hitters,” ordered Steve, pushing his face into the receiver. “Tony said his armor could take a hit, so I’m assuming the same can be said for you guys since you’re all ‘family.’”
“I am calm!” Steve screamed. Couldn’t Sam see? This was the calmest Steve had ever been. The anger raging in his heart filled him with a focus and determination he hadn’t felt since he left the battlefield back in Europe.
“Yeah,” Steve said. And this time, it’s a real smile. “I’d really like that.”
“Yeah. Of course,” Tony said. He moved to the side and welcomed his guest inside the narrow tuck. “It’s small and a bit messy, but feel free to make yourself comfortable.”
It took Rhodey a few shallow breaths before he released his anger. He hadn’t forgiven Tony for derailing him (far from it if past memories were anything to go by) but his posture relaxed enough for Tony to assume he would let the topic go for now. Rhodey ran a hand against the back of his neck. “Do you think this is right?” he asked in a soft voice. “All this. I know you don’t go out of your way just for anybody.”
A high-pitched whistle came from War Machine’s chest. His face was expressionless, but the shadows cast by the bright light made it look as if he had no qualms of eradicating the Brooklyn Boys right then and there.
“Look, you want in or not?” Natasha was getting impatient. “Take it or leave it, but I ain’t offering this to anyone else. And as much as you may or may not like it, I have a job to do. So?” She gave each of the boy’s critical looks, daring them to back down now. “Are you in or out?”
When the piercing scream in his ears finally died down, Steve poked his head out from behind the wall. The level of damage alone made him gasp. What was left of the red brick alley had been reduced to rubble and a skeleton of fractured wood. Pipes and power lines poked out from the jagged rock, spurting out occasional bursts of water and sparks of energy. Rocks and rubble that were once strong brick buildings rolled leisurely down the walls and into the shaken streets below. Steve shuddered to think what it would have looked like with his blood painting the walls.
