Dean crushes Sam in a bear hug of his own. When he remembers how quietly devastated Sam was over Jess's death, how for so long after her and then all that shit with Ruby he shied off getting close to people, how Sam spent hours burning the midnight oil in front of his laptop to learn sign language for her, how Sam fought like hell to bring her back after Ketch killed her, he's so proud he could almost burst. He almost can't believe his little brother finally beat all the odds to find someone he really could spend a lifetime with. Someone he doesn't have to lie to, or protect—someone who can maybe even sometimes protect him, too. If Dean has to share Sam, there's no one better than Eileen to do it with.
And John does, maybe, want to poke at it. Just a little.
John eases himself into an upright position, heart still racing from the dream. "Hell," he answers slowly, and begins to understand a terrible truth, the ugly black shape of it rising slowly through dark water. "I was dreaming about Hell."
For a long time, the drive back from Wichita is silent. Mary drives, and John rides shotgun, and they just don't speak to one another. John has no idea what he could even say. But he's known Mary long enough to tell when she's trying not to cry.
Oh. "Oh," says Dean, heart picking up again. He appreciates the advance warning. "Yeah, okay," he agrees. "I guess I do."
It's about one in the morning when Cas gets up out of his chair, pulls a bottle out of Dean's hands, and says placidly, "I think you've probably had enough alcohol for now."
. "Gadreel, too? That rank-and-file traitor? And—oh, Sam. That's disgusting. Even a demon, a different one from that little side piece of Lilith's you whored yourself out to. And here I thought Dean was the family slut."
It used to be comfortable. Now it's careful.
Relief has John's shoulders slumping. She's not calling it quits yet, so there's still some hope. "All right," he says quietly. "Yeah, I'll lay off the kid. The boys, the angels, I'll lay off all of them. For you. You hear me? Just for you. Only for you."
"And Sammy," Dean says. "Uh, all that stuff you said before—I didn't realize it was like that for you. I thought you were just butting heads with the old man to be butting heads, you know? Me taking his side so much, it probably didn't help. You do belong. I never meant to make you feel like you didn't. If I had known—"
"You couldn't have known," Sam says quietly. "Even I didn't really completely get it until a long time after he died, you know? You shielded me from a lot. Probably...probably more than I'll ever know." His voice gets quiet near the end there, and now he hesitates. "All the fighting we did can't have made your life any easier either, Dean. All those times I ran away, especially when I left for school—"
Oh no.
"Have it your way," the demon said kindly. And as one day turned to the next, suddenly John became whole again, and the demon drew its blade. "What is it they say...good things come to those who wait? I'd hate for you to quit on me right before things get really juicy.
A gunshot pierces the air. Dean flinches and drags his eyes open in time to see Sam and Jack hurrying down the hill, shotguns raised. At first Dean doesn't get it—guns don't do shit to vamps, let alone super-vamps—but when one of them hits the ground screaming he understands. Even Michael's juiced-up vampires can't fight if they don't have kneecaps. It's a way to take them out without having to get so up-close and personal.
take me. And if you won't help me now, you're sure as hell gonna help me then. Because I can promise you this—if you let Michael do that to me, Castiel, then I will never,
Then at last Cas says, "I'm leaving very early tomorrow, to look for the Hand of God with Mary. But I thought first—would you like to get some rest?"
A thought. The angel cuffs and the Ma'lak Box are gone. There is no longer any possibility of restraints or machines that can look into human minds. We would deny Castiel the comfort of going to Dean's side. Perhaps it's time to change things up.
It's probably a bad idea to poke at it—for whatever reason, Castiel clearly doesn't care much for John—but it's only polite to bring him into the conversation, right?
He's got to be joking. Mom, Dad, Cas,
"Wouldn't miss it," Dad says.
"I'm going to find Dad. That
Annoyed, Cas says, "Sam is right."
"Tell you?" Dean echoes, too surprised to remember to check himself. "What, because you've been taking the big bombshells so well lately?" Cas and Jack being angels, Jack being Lucifer's kid, Dean having gone to Hell...none of it's sat right with him. Dean pleads, "Dad, you just got back. Why would I want to disappoint you like that, huh? All I ever—I always disappoint you."
Cas leans back against the sink. "Why does it matter?"
A little while later finds John and Mary Winchester in her personal bedroom in the Men of Letters underground bunker.
A job well done. Dean grins.
Sam scrambles. Dean would throw something out of the window at him, but of course there's no junk lying around in his baby; he keeps her far too clean.
But being alone now, with Mom, it feels like an elephant sitting in the proverbial room. And since she doesn't say anything, and Dean isn't saying anything, that just means he's forced to
Sometimes Dean needs this more than he needs for Michael not to see it. Now is one of those times.
Indecision has John rising to his feet, half-ready to follow Dean anyway—
John Winchester drags his eyes open slowly, in an incredible amount of pain. Castiel's bloodied face hovers above him, eyes glowing blue.
That's why Dean is taking Jack with him. It's been rough, trying to get the kid to realize he's worth more than just his powers, and Jack keeps falling back on them instead of finding other ways out. That's because of Dean, no two ways about it. When Jack was first born, Dean blamed him for Cas and Mom being gone, and he took out all that grief and anger on the kid. Dean pulled his head out of his ass right around the time Jack's powers brought Cas back to them, and he knows good and well that's why Jack thinks he isn't worth a damn without them. That damage is Dean's fault, and he's desperate to undo what he can before he has to take his little scuba expedition with Michael.
"Actually, I'm asking your father to come with us," Cas says, but he doesn't look happy about it. "Jack being handy in a fight is exactly what I'm worried about. We can't let him keep using his powers, and the best way to stop him is to avoid putting him in a situation where he'll need them to begin with."
"Dean!" Sam's at his elbow, holding him up; Dad reaches out like he'd like to try and thought better of it. "Man, c'mon, we gotta—"
"You promised," Dean says again, betrayed and furious. Michael loves his anger; Dean feels him prowling around in there, poking and prodding at all those weak points, looking for his way out. "You
"Hey, Dean." John walks over to the stove, peering down to see the pot is full of mashed potatoes. "I didn't know you could cook. Guess you picked up a few tricks while I was gone."
open the door, or I will kill that boy right in front of you, so help me—"
Dean's got a rock-solid poker face. He lifts his eyebrows. "You want Michael driving it instead?" he asks. When nobody else is looking, he gives Cas a wink, and is rewarded with the rare sight of Cas doing a double-take. "Get in the car," he says, conspiratorial, and so Cas does—though not without one last confused look in Dean's direction.
"It's not retirement, you mean," Dean says. "I get it. We kinda gave up on all that. I guess life usually doesn't turn out the way you think it will."
Shit. Dean hadn't thought of that. He's been thinking of Dad being here as its own catch. "I don't know," he says again. "The pearl disappeared on us, so maybe—it's a one-time deal. We don't get to try again and get Michael out." God, he's fucked, he's fucked, he's
Sam and Dean trade one of those looks John hates. They've spent more time around each other than around him, and they can speak volumes with their facial expressions alone. They used to do that when they were kids, too. It always made John feel like they were talking over his head—like they got to decide whether or not he was allowed to be roped into their conversation. He never could break them of that habit, no matter how hard he tried.
John winces. "That sounds like him." How many times has he heard Dean say something to that effect while puttering around some rented kitchen or breezing through the motel door with grease-stained bags of takeout in both hands? John remembers the uneaten plate of food Dean brought him in the library with a hole in his chest. He's never going to be able to think about Dean feeding his family again without remembering what it used to cost him. He'll carry that phantom load the rest of his life, and whatever comes after.
"You wanted me to love you back," Dean says. "Right? That was it all along."
A yes once is a yes forever, if the door is left open. And the door
Big mistake. Dean's not letting that happen again. Not ever.
"You're an angel," Dad says to Cas. "Can't you just fly?"
NEXT WEEK: a few trips down memory lane, michael ups his game, dean gets a big scare, and dean and mary have an important conversation. see you then, and as always, thanks for reading!!!
understand. She does remember. He can see it on her face. It just doesn't matter enough to change her mind. "I know, Dean."
John has no idea who Jack is—another angel?—but Castiel finally steps backwards. "I won't be gone long," he says. He gives John one last scorching look.
Mary fights, driving her elbow back into John's sternum with all her strength, but mortal pain doesn't affect us, especially not these powerless blows from a human being.
It's the best Dean's going to get.
If John thought what Dean got up to with Castiel was disgusting, he's going to love this. We flip through Dean's memories together, and John sees it all. A rest stop in Grand Junction. A pool hall in Tulsa. Never enough money. And Dean always, always on his knees.
God. John closes his eyes, remembering the hot sick jealousy he felt just a few minutes ago, watching her play board games with another man's son.
—but just before her hands touch his, she stops, frozen a few inches away. She seems to have remembered that even though she might still love him, she doesn't know if she'll ever be able to forgive him.
John narrows his eyes. Does Dean mean he's trying to protect John from something? That's not his job. "Dean—"
Castiel, sitting to Dean's right and across from John, looks comfortable at this table, but he doesn't chow down like Jack does. In fact, there's something about the way he eats that suggests to John that he's doing it because he wants to, and not because he needs to, which is unsettling all on its own—like watching a werewolf play house. Castiel is also the only one at the table who didn't bother with a beer. John suspects it's because the alcohol wouldn't affect him one bit. If he doesn't bother to drink, then why bother to eat? John doesn't get it. It's creepy.
said he didn't want anybody but Dean. Way to be cool about it, Winchester.
"Is it about Sam?" Cas hazards. "He didn't mention any plans to change his living situation. Even if he does, we'll always be able to visit him."
Dad slumps against the wall for a moment like he's literally seeing stars, like it's all he can do not to pass out. His nose looks like it might be broken. Dean rounds on his brother; if he was expecting Dean to thank him for that, he's going to be disappointed. "What the
Dad nods. "Yeah. I got it covered. You go on to bed."
to warn Cas about Dad?"
"He sees
, and you never once told us a damn thing about what was coming for us. You didn't even tell us what you did—we had to find out from a
It wasn't fair? Oh, that's rich. "You don't know what the fuck you're talking about," Dean tells him. "You got no idea."
Mom gives him a sharp look. "'Not really'?"
John tries. He tries harder for her than he's ever tried for anything, even harder than he fought Azazel for Dean. But though he was a so-called Prince of Hell, in the end Azazel was still just a demon. It is nothing like fighting an archangel. John struggles, and he never gives up, but he can't win.
Thinking of how short his time is makes Dean want to go back and talk to Cas. Seems like every time they have a big fight, they get separated not too long after, or have some other kind of near-miss. First that thing about working with Crowley, and Cas got hijacked by leviathans. No sooner did he come back from that, and Dean got pissed that he wouldn't help them take down Dick Roman—then spent the next year turning himself into a monster horror story to track him down in Purgatory. Then they fought over the angel tablet, and Cas got turned human and murdered by that psycho reaper chick. Then after Dean nearly beat him to death, Cas almost bit it because of Rowena's attack dog spell.
to save them; that's exactly what the trouble is. Jack said Sam and Dean killed the devil, and so did Mary. But when Sam talked about it, he said Dean's name only. He didn't give himself the credit for that kill at all. So it must have been Dean who took the last shot. With this blade, sure, but if the blade was enough, Dean wouldn't be in this mess.
You don't run from something like that. You can't escape it. There's no way out. When it comes to Michael, Dean's nothing but a rat in a maze; he learned that the hard way. It was an entire
about it. Dean thought drowning was bad, but he had no idea how much worse it could get. Being awake while Michael hurt his family, while Michael used his mouth to put on that show for the whole fucking bunker—it's horrifying, it's humiliating. Like father, like son: Dean's only been able to face them by not addressing it and pretending it didn't happen. Even though Michael's finally left the building, that black belt in repression is still coming in handy.
Slowly, John sits up, to be eye-level with her. "I wasn't always the best father," he admits. "But I kept them alive. I kept them safe, and prepared. Dean, he's almost as old as I am now. There were days I was scared to death that none of us would ever live that long. But here we all are, alive and together. You have to believe me, Mary—I did the best I could without you."
"Oh, your best behavior!" Dean echoes, in disbelief. "Cas, I thought you were gonna clock the guy right in my kitchen."
Things have changed. Jack's their fucking kid—his and Sam's and Cas's and Mom's. Dean would die for him in a heartbeat. Unfortunately, dying for somebody is a hell of a lot easier than being a good dad to them; Dean should know. And Dean's not about to take the easy way out, not on this.
"Not Mom's," John says, perhaps a little too sharply, because Sam pauses in his packing. "That's okay. I can run out to the library in the morning."
Dean's heart is going double-time again. He's not gay, and maybe he never will be. Maybe all the fucking of guys he'll ever do is already behind him. But it's okay, with Cas. He thinks that if Cas wanted to try, someday, he'd want to try too. Only they'd have to start small. Baby steps.
," says Dean, both deeply confused and vaguely grossed out. "Sam, what the fuck? You don't even like sugar."
It's a miniature birthday cake...covered in rainbow sprinkles, and trimmed with pink frosting. Dean suddenly cannot meet his father's eye. He picks his jaw up off the ground, looking up at Sam instead. "Dude," he hisses, "busting my chops in the car is one thing, but—"
At one point John passes by the storage room to hear Castiel saying, "Just because he can doesn't mean he should. Dean would never agree to that. He'd be furious at the very suggestion. He wants to keep his father out of this."
"Sure," says Dean, and fishes his keys out of his pocket. It's, what, only four hours to Wichita? He can't exactly say no. "Knock yourself out."
"What?" John takes a moment to catalogue Dean's reactions. Dean used to wake him from nightmares all the time, but it was never like this. When he was little it was always comforting: a hand on John's knee, an
Dean closes his eyes for a moment, and sees against his eyelids the Michael of this world, a long time ago, when he was in Dean's father.
That's the nice thing about Cas: he knows Dean inside and out. Dean doesn't always have to finish his sentences, not when Cas can hear the end of them anyway.
Sam has gotten to his feet too. "It's him, Dean. We tested. We quizzed him."
for this chapter: a lot! this is a heavy one. detailed discussion of physical abuse, including extreme physical abuse, normalization of physical abuse, dean having some REAL complicated feelings about his parents in relation to his own
, Sam."
Cas swallows audibly, eyes darting over Dean's face. Dean knows damn well that he's being a dick right now. He's doing the exact same thing he did the day he almost killed Cas, while he was under the influence of the Mark of Cain. That was a real bad day for both of them. Dean still has nightmares about it sometimes. And for Cas it would be just like with Dean hearing that singing: even though his head might know better, all his body would remember is the pain. But Dean can't stop. He's got a point to make.
But they aren't the only ones saying it—they never were.
"It's none of your damn business!"
"Right," says Dad.
"Four hunters against nine vampires?" Dad starts to protest. Then his eyes flick to Sam and he sighs, visibly checking himself, and gives his head a sharp little shake. "All right. You've fought these things before."
Then, when Cas is still just out of arm's reach, Sam lays into Dad with the fiercest right hook Dean's ever seen.
Sam groans. "Dean, that's cruel and unusual punishment. I'm stuffed, and that cake is
"Well," Sam says into silence, "I don't know about all of you, but
But Castiel gives him a sharp look. "Dying is easy," he says, an echo of Dean's words in the hallway, just before Michael overtook him. "I think you've taken the easy way out enough for one lifetime, don't you?"
"He made a deal," it hissed, smiling wide. In Hell demons had no human faces to cover their true ones, and the skin sloughed away with every word. "He sold his soul to us. And I've been told I get the honors of breaking him in." The demon laughed, throaty and low and pleased. "Isn't it exciting? A brand new blade to carve into
"Relax," Dean calls. "Just me. But if I was Michael, you'd have both been screwed. You're getting sloppy, Sammy."
guests, and Dean's lounging on that with his head tipped back, staring up at the ceiling. Cas comes into view upside-down and looming over Dean, looking concerned. "I don't think you were being entirely truthful with me before," he says. "If something's troubling you, I'd be happy to listen."
is wrong with Dean."
Stupid. He should've known better.
"And yet, here you are," Castiel sighs. He adds, somewhat cryptically, "Trust me, it gets worse every time." And before John can even open his mouth to object, he continues, tone one of harsh admonition, "You should be grateful. The people who love you fought for you, and you survived. Would you have them suffer and mourn, to torture themselves with guilt for failing to save you? To go through the pain of losing you a second time, just so you could be at peace, believing yourself a martyr? How many times would you abandon and disappoint them so that you might enjoy a good death? Even now, Dean still has faith in you. He would never have taken that shot at Michael if he didn't believe you were strong enough to survive it. You're alive. Accept it and be glad."
Dean hears the fridge open and close. "Dean literally can't hear this kind of stuff," Sam says. "He'll defend Dad even if he doesn't want to. It used to piss me off, 'cause I didn't get it, you know? I mean, we were kids. But now that I'm older..."
"Mom'll come around," Dean says bracingly. "She still loves you, Dad. She always will."
"You're not sorry," Dean snaps, bristling at the interruption. "You don't even know what you did wrong! You d—"
Castiel's eyes glow in the dark. With a flick of his wrist, the lights above them and the splintered remains of the door all re-assemble themselves; Castiel's fury is illuminated once more. "That he doesn't tell you, John Winchester," Castiel says, "is your own doing. The best thing you could possibly do for your son now is to stay the fuck away from him."
They're buffing up the wards. Getting ready for Michael, preparing for the worst. The realization sticks in Dean's throat. Michael beats on that door in Dean's brain, eager. He's getting ready, too.
"It won't happen," Cas promises quietly. "I won't let it happen."
, and
But now that it finally is all out in the open, now that Dean knows Sam has spent, what, five years kicking himself over it? He wishes Sam had never found out after all.
Cas still looks sour and pissed as they duck back into the kitchen together, but right now, Dean's got larger concerns.
With Michael pounding away in his head, Dean has trouble sleeping—and even if he didn't, the idea would still scare him shitless. In the week between caging Michael and Sam and Cas talking him out of the Ma'lak Box plan, Dean lived on energy drinks and catnaps, setting his phone alarm to keep him awake, terrified that the first time he slept too deeply it would all be over. A dream is just a mental projection, after all, just like the one Michael trapped him in. What if his guard being down while he's asleep is how Michael gets out? What if Michael shows up in his dreams to push him underwater again?
Nothing about those memories Michael showed him suggested that Dean actually—that he wanted, or enjoyed, having to—John can't think about it. But what if that's why Dean's like this now? Why else would he want to—to—with Castiel? John had been disgusted enough at the thought of Jack's mother screwing an angel, but at least she was a woman. Castiel's not just a monster, he's one shaped like a man. Having a strong stomach is an important part of his line of work, but John feels physically ill at the mere thought of Dean getting on his knees or rolling over for—either a monster
Sam's text reads.
and as always, BE NICE to sam and mary in my comments section, or i'll kill you <3
John did his best to ward off Mary's metaphorical demons, long before he knew about the literal ones. It was John who went inside her house first to confirm there was indeed a body there, so she wouldn't have to discover two dead parents on the same night. It was John who called the police and held Mary close as her only living family was zipped up into body bags, turned her face into his shoulder so she didn't have to look at the horrible angle of her mother's broken neck, the blankness in her glassy eyes. It was John who woke Mary from her nightmares, made her tea when she couldn't get back to sleep, mumble-sang her favorite songs in her ear as she finally drifted back off in the early hours of the morning. It was John who would see Mary's eyes go blank and far away during the middle of the day, some innocuous smell or sound or turn of speech bringing forth an unspeakable horror that was hidden to him, save for the pain it left behind. Being a vet he knew a little about battle fatigue, and even back then he could tell Mary was fighting something ugly inside her head. It was John who held her hand and spoke softly to her, to remind her when and where she was, and that they were safe and together now.
—he thought, if he didn't have to deal with the consequences, he could let himself have just this one thing.
back." But then Dean hears a familiar jangle. They reach the car—Dean leans on her too—and then Cas pops open the trunk. He roots around through Dean's shit like he's been doing it all his life and finds the angel cuffs in four seconds flat.
A year and a half ago now, just before Jack was born, Dean was the one to break Mom out of the brainwashing the British Men of Letters put on her. Inside a dream, he stood over Sam's crib and told her,
Mary shrugs, apologetic. "I was a hunter. I didn't want to tell you about all of that, but—I guess the game is up now. You just don't learn homemaking in the school of hard-knocks."
"This is what Dean's most afraid of, you know," we murmur. "Being forced to watch while these hands rip you people apart. We can drag this out as long as you like. It makes no difference to me. But it'll make all the difference in the world to Dean." We let go of Castiel's hair to draw the archangel blade lightly down his throat.
Oh, fuck. Dean's vision blurs for a moment, his ears ringing dangerously, and the room flickers to resemble the trailer they were bunking down in when Dad came home to find it missing one occupant. But Michael's still tapped from before, and Dean manages to white-knuckle his way through it. "Goddammit," he swears. "What the hell would Sam know about Flagstaff?"
, he told John.
A furious snarl. We look up to find Jack lifting one hand, eyes glowing, and we feel a spike of true alarm. We were reluctant to strike him before, but now we have no choice. We use our grace to fling him back as hard as we possibly can, and he hits the column behind him so hard he leaves cracks in the stone, immediately losing consciousness. It would take so little now, to see him dead.
Cas ducks his head, but he can't stop smiling—ear-to-ear. He's happy: spinning-around, rock-on-his-finger happy. And Dean's done it. He's given Cas what he wanted—what he was sure he couldn't have.
...and, yeah, that about covers it. as usual, BE NICE to sam and mary in my comments section, and enjoy the chapter! 0:)
John needs to talk to Castiel.
of sugar."
Whatever series of expressions just scrolled across John's face, Mary missed them. She's watching Sam and Castiel and Jack clean up. "It's hard to look at them sometimes, isn't it?" she murmurs. "When I first came back, it was so, so hard just to be around them. I felt...guilty, and I was so scared. They were strangers to me—men older than I was, who claimed to be my little boys, their whole lives wasted away on avenging my death. They had missed me so much for so long that I thought they needed more from me than I could give to anyone."
Dean leans away a little to let him see. "Yeah, well. Permanent kitchen. A man can't live on takeout forever."
Cas is twisted all the way in his seat to look at Dean, one arm draped over the backrest. Even though Dean didn't turn on the lights in here, there's enough coming in from the stairway that he can just make out Cas's expression. And he's doing that thing with his face again—looking at Dean like he hung the moon. He does it all the time now, since his little confession in the hospital parking lot. Has he always looked at Dean that way, or is it only now that Dean has started noticing? "It's getting late," he points out. "Do you want to get some rest?"
"You bought the damn thing," Dean reminds him, pitiless. "You in, Dad?"
"All these years you've known me, and didn't know I could cook?" Dean grumbles. "That's the fucking occasion." He makes sure to face the stove when he says it, because better than anyone he knows Cas can read him like an open book.
In the end, though, even if he is about to be Michael's bitch, he can't stand the idea of leaving a dirty plate lying in his perfectly clean room all night. He was so careful not to spill any food on his sheets.
isn't enough of an indignity. Now his whole damn family knows about fucking Flagstaff. If Dean never hears that word again, it'll still be too soon.
A long time ago, a little while after Sammy learned the truth about monsters, he asked John about his mother. What she looked like, what her favorite things were, why John loved her so much. John had figured it was only a matter of time before the questions started. It was understandable that he'd want to know the reason behind their journey to kill the Yellow-Eyed Demon. Still, it suckerpunched him. The reminder of what he lost that night never got any less painful, no matter how many years rolled by. Every word Sam said made the mental image of her burning away on the ceiling that much clearer. John almost couldn't bear to let him finish speaking.
In fact, he's almost jealous. It's too bad Cas isn't in a girl vessel, or they could be this happy too.
"'Get out of him'?" Sam repeats, and grins as though something Dean said was funny. There's a little blood trickling down the corner of his mouth; he swipes his tongue through it and closes his eyes, savoring. "I am him. This is all me, Dean."
the only way."
"Not even for Dean?" Jack asks softly.
"Yeah, right." John is already putting himself in front of Mary. Should he get his pistol? What good would bullets do against this thing? He's scared. He didn't want to get Mary back only to have her ripped away again."How do you have them eating out of the palm of your hand like this?" he demands. "What did you do to them? Brainwash them?"
But it's not Dean or Castiel who speaks; it's John. It seems we've finally hit a limit. A mere flick of Dean's eyes towards Castiel's mouth and the great John Winchester, who endured a century on Alastair's rack in Hell, finally breaks. Clearly we should have just started with Dean's less palatable proclivities. One little open-mouthed kiss with Castiel, and John would have fallen to pieces.
John's eyebrows lift. "He's still kicking?"
So it's a movie marathon. Jack's in charge of refreshments, because Dean chains himself to one of the thick cement pillars next to the tables. There's a reason they're not watching these down in the good old Dean Cave, after all—these cuffs held Michael here before, and if the worst happens this will at least buy Jack time.
Silence. John opens his eyes to find Mary wearing an expression not unlike a deer in headlights. "Um," she says.
"She just hasn't had time to hear about all the good stuff yet," Dean insists, a little annoyed. Even if Cas is right, and his dad was being an asshole on purpose all this time, it doesn't mean that's the whole story. People like Cas and now maybe Mom and Sam get stuck on shit like Flagstaff, and suddenly it's like the rest of it doesn't even matter anymore. "Sure, we had our rough spots, but—hey, remember that time you worked double shifts on that security guard thing in Kentucky so we could afford Dollywood tickets because Sam wouldn't shut up about wanting to try a rollercoaster?"
Not today.
Dean's tangled with a hell of a lot of monsters who made themselves look like him. Shapeshifters and illusions and leviathans and his own fake-future self. Most recently, Michael himself, who Dean remembers smirking at him through the distorted cracked glass of the mirror he shattered with Dean's fist. And over the years Dean's found there's nothing quite so satisfying as killing something wearing his face. Hell, every once in a while, he gets the itch to do it again. He sees his face in the mirror and he aches to put a hole through it. That's how Flagstaff makes him feel. He didn't need Dad to beat him. If it was possible, he would have done it himself, and he wouldn't have stopped at two measly little ribs. He would have kept going until there was nothing left.
The other changes creep in so slowly Dean almost doesn't notice. Normally when they stay at motels they get a single; Cas doesn't sleep, so he borrows Dean's laptop and does research or plays Solitaire or whatever to kill time. But then one day the only vacancy is one with two queens, and Cas climbs in the other bed. He can sleep when he wants to, and he does; he and Dean fall asleep facing each other, separated by a safe three-foot distance between their beds.
"And he never hit Sam," Cas continues. "No matter how drunk or how angry he got."
What the hell. What the
"Tomorrow," he mumbles again, even as his eyes begin to fall closed. The thought still excites him: his first day past forty, with no Michael to hold him back. For the first time in a long time, maybe ever, Dean's looking forward to all of the tomorrows he has left. "Tomorrow sounds just fine."
Yeah, Dean remembers. To his horror, his own throat begins to close. "If you—
And there's one other perk: "Besides, it might be good to get out and get a little space from Dad." Last night was a lot. Dean's too tired to put himself through that again so soon.
Sam gives him a shit-eating grin. "This was your idea. Hope you like cake."
best no-nonsense tone and starts forward too. Dean's quicker than both of them; he shoves his father with all his might, yelling, "Let go of me!" Partially because even though just moments ago the dungeon was exactly where he wanted to be, he absolutely doesn't want Dad to be the one to put him there, partially because he's afraid that Michael is about to break free from that cage in his head and vaporize everybody in firing range, and partially because he's afraid that if Dad
Some of Dean's happiest memories are of the days right after Dad hit him. That time they took Halloween off to gorge themselves on pizza and candy and marathon the
Mary looks down at it, perplexed. Hesitantly, she reaches for the mug. Something in John twists painfully, watching her close her eyes against its warmth and raise it to her lips.
Dean rounds on him. He's trying hard to stay on top of Michael, but half of him still wants to shake Sam by the shoulders and say,
Cas nods again, turning his face into Dean's hand, letting his eyes fall closed. Dean marvels at it, the way Cas seeks out and takes comfort in his touch. "I'm so sorry," Cas murmurs. "What Michael said—what he told everyone—I couldn't stop him."
But the journal can only occupy John for so long. With nothing better to do, John eventually borrows Mary's computer—he has to ask Dean where it is, as Dean is the only person speaking to him—and takes it up to one of the armchairs on the balcony by the front door. He kills the next couple of hours not researching the Yellow-Eyed Demon but reading through the internet, pulling up old news articles to figure out what's changed since 2006 (a lot, as it turns out), and trying to figure out what sort of supernatural ailment could cause hallucinations (far too many to narrow down without more clues). In the end, though, he can't resist a few internet searches for mysterious house fires—just in case.
His voice fades away. Dean is only barely aware of his surroundings as Cas walks them back through the underbrush up to the road. "Dean...alk to me," Cas says tightly. His voice fades in and out, barely audible over Michael's screaming. "I need to...still you."
Very quietly, Cas says his name. "You don't have to keep going."
Dean claps him on the shoulder and tells him he did a good job, because he did. He goes back to the bunker, which is empty, because Sam and Eileen are busy having their happy reunion elsewhere, and Jack's gonna be busy
That draws John up short. "What?"
It's not what Sam and Cas would want him to do, not by a long shot. They want him to wait until Michael is free, and then try and trap him again—because deep down, they still want to believe they'll find a way to stop Michael from getting free at all. But Dean knows better than to think there's another way out of this mess. He learned the hard way: Michael is inevitable.
The pain in Dean's head quadruples. He doubles over and cries out.
you do anything. It was your choice."
?" Jack complains, and it makes Dean remember yesterday when his dad said
Unfortunately for Dean, his father's always been an early riser. By the time Dean's changed and brushed his teeth it's past seven, and when he opens his bedroom door, he finds that John Winchester is already standing outside of it, fist raised as if to knock.
Too late. Jack doesn't get his machete. Instead he raises both hands, and his eyes begin to glow.
"Definitely my favorite," Jack agrees.
you, Cas.'"
Part of Dean had known, and he hadn't—minded, not really. It's not like he had to keep an eye on Cas every minute and make sure he never dropped the soap or anything. Dean knows how other guys used to look at him, still look at him sometimes. Creeps and perverts. But Cas wasn't like that. Cas was one of the few people who could lay his hands on Dean and Dean didn't have to—worry about it. Sometimes it was even nice. Not in a gay way, just, like, normal. Like if Sam claps him on the shoulder or when he was still young enough for his dad to ruffle his hair. Cas could touch him, if he wanted to. He could love him, if he wanted to. Dean knew, a little bit, and he didn't mind giving Cas that. As long as they didn't have to make a federal case about it, it was no big deal.
on the tape deck, "do you feel the need to drive like this at eleven in the morning on a Thursday?"
That's why Dean's pistol with the ivory grips is his favorite—it was his first. Dean remembers Dad smiling at him and the weight of that gun in his hand and finally feeling like there was something in the world that made sense again. Dad was strong. Dad was brave. Dad knew how to fight back against the monsters and the nightmares, and Dad was going to make sure they were safe. And if Dean worked hard, he could be just like him. That's what his mom would want, right? For Dean to be brave?
Finally, Castiel turns.
(See the end of the chapter for
"What?" says Mom.
Back into Dean, now. He was standing next to Castiel during the switch, which makes Castiel our new hostage. Once settled we twist both his arms behind his back, and it takes only one hand to keep him still.
Fuck, fuck, fuck. "Get back," Dean mumbles. "Stay with Mom—"
Still—sometimes it was hard to look at Sammy the same way after that. Deliberately or not, Mary allowed their child to be infected with something evil and impure. And no matter which way you sliced it, Sam was always going to be part of the reason Mary was dead. John can't remember exactly, but he thinks they started fighting more after he found out what Sammy really was, what he had inside him. He tortured himself a lot with that fact, after Sammy left their family behind.
. You have to sleep."
"So this Dr. Frankenstein," Dad says. "Is it a demon?"
shouldn't have sold your soul in the first place, Dean, did you ever think of that? Maybe you shouldn't be living with angels, especially one that's Lucifer's kid! You had to know I wouldn't want that, not any of it!"
Dean turns around, so he's facing Castiel and not John, and John can't see his expression. There's a moment of silence, and then Dean says, "Where's Jack? Don't tell me you let that kid park your truck by himself."
John has memorized all of Mary's expressions; he kept them written on his heart for twenty-two years after she died. This one is pained and unhappy. "Nothing."
It's nothing like Dean expected. It's stubbly, it's dry, it's—it's over already. Damn, that was fast.
But Dean seems different now. Less focused on getting John oriented in the land of the living, and more focused on—and then John recognizes that expression. Over a decade ago now, but if you don't count Hell and then Heaven it was just a week or so from John's point of view. It's the look Dean gave him when he realized Yellow Eyes was possessing him.
, Dean thinks. What more could anyone possibly need?
Damn it. "Probably a good idea," Dean says. He claps his hands together. "I'm gonna go get some grub and then we can get this party started. You have breakfast yet?" He starts down the hallway towards the kitchen, hoping Dad will follow.
Maybe, just maybe, one good fight was all they needed in the first place.
This wasn't just Dean's last hope, it was John's too. All thoughts of not fighting against his possession vanished on his perception of our deal being broken; his Plan B was to force us into that box the same way that abomination of his once threw the devil into Hell. But the father isn't made of the same iron will as the son. He holds no power over angels.
For just one moment, Dean's heart drops right out of his chest. He thinks that somehow this whole thing was rigged to fail, and this is it, Michael is back, and Dean's about to get shoved under for good. But it's just the power going off, and in a second, the emergency backup system floods the bunker with red light. He's not holding the pearl anymore; it's disappeared.
to have to kill you."
"Sam didn't have to tell me anything," Cas says. "After a day like today, there's only one place you would go."
John Winchester stares down at Dean along the barrel of his shotgun.
"And now," his father's body says, an unnatural smile stretching over that face, "everybody dies."
to put us down."
Dean screams as the molten metal burns through his flesh and sears his bones. He always did hate having his hands taken in Hell. Sam and Castiel approach us again, but with another flick of our wings we send them back to the floor. We lean forward. "You thought you could scare me with those?" we whisper in Dean's ear, letting our breath wash over his neck. "Do you know who I am? You should be grateful I didn't leave you a vegetable. You should be grateful I'm not inside you."
She's gonna get the wrong idea. "We aren't discussing it," Dean clarifies, kind of wishing he could throw himself into the fire. Mom still doesn't look happy. Dean doesn't want her to think worse of Dad than she already does, so he adds, "It's, uh, better that way. Really. I love not discussing things."
"Good God, no," Mom says, and Dean's stomach drops. She must see something in his expression, because she rushes to add, "No, no, I didn't mean because of—I just don't want you to think I have a problem with it. I've been in the twenty-first century for two and a half years, Dean, I'm not some right-wing whackjob fundie who—"
As he exits the infirmary and steps into the war room, John finds his family cleaning up the aftermath of the F6 that just rolled through their bunker. Mary—thank God, or whoever—stands closest to the infirmary entrance; she has a broom and dustpan, and sweeps up broken glass with slumped shoulders, but every cell in John's body goes slack with relief to see her alive and unhurt. Jack is up and conscious, standing close to the library entrance, picking up books and other knick-knacks that fell down when Michael died, tossing the ones that got burned by his wingprints into the garbage. Further back, Sam is righting the tipped-over bookshelves and heavy furniture for him, but there's a bloodied towel slung over his shoulder, and red stains on the knees of his jeans; he's been scrubbing the blood on the floor. Castiel is faced away from John, already to the short library staircase across the room, and he grips Jack's shoulder briefly as he passes.
His next question is even harder to ask. "And you boys?" he asks. "How did you take it?"
Castiel and the nephilim arrive first, from the kitchenside entrance, skidding to a stop when they see the blood pooling in Sam's collarbone.
"And have you go guano again? Pass," says Dean. "What about Heaven's nukes? Lot's Salt slowed him down."
John enters the kitchen to find Dean facing away from him, scrambling eggs. The kitchen is pretty much the only common room left intact after Michael, and the scene looks just as deceptively normal as it did the first time. Dean's humming something John can't quite place, something that might be Springsteen. His movements seem tired, but there's a certain pent-up energy in him, and it strikes John that what he's really doing in here is stress-cooking. He really does enjoy being in the kitchen.
for a suicide hotline in your country.
, remember?"
. I've been to Hell, to Heaven, to Purgatory—I've been to other realities, more than I can keep count of. I even went to
Talk about carrying stuff your brother doesn't know about.
? "Son, just what are you trying to say to me?"
As soon as they're a respectable distance away from where they left the folks, Sam stops and turns to Dean and says, "Dean,
"The devil," Dad repeats again, gobsmacked. Dean doesn't often see him look so shocked. It's kind of unnerving, actually. "
But the conversation eats at him. Keep him out of what?
," Dad says, but he's laughing too. "Damn, Mary, all you had to do was ask—I've known how to shoot since Vietnam."
"I think we should," we decide. "I think they have the
"Even" could mean "over." If this is some sort of weird game of gay chicken, they could call that a draw and tap out. It doesn't have to go anywhere else from here. Dean came clean, Cas got his smooch on, so it's all settled, right?
"It is over," Sam says, his tone kinder than John's heard it since he got back. "It's been over for awhile now, Dad. You just weren't here to see it. We've got different crap to deal with these days, and all that...that 'guilty until proven innocent' stuff? That isn't how this family does things anymore."
John waits, but Sam doesn't say anything else. Is that it? John's eyes dart towards the doorway. He'd like very much to be done here, but, ironically, Sam is the first person not to dismiss himself from John's presence or kick John out of a room all day. John grits his teeth. "Who're you texting?"
"Mom can take care of herself!"
Sam takes one last longing look at his phone, but no new messages seem forthcoming at the moment. He heaves a long-suffering sigh. "Guess we're both due for a break," he relents, and takes up Mary's abandoned seat. He gestures shortly for John to sit too. John can't say he loves the attitude, but he'll put up and shut up if it gets him an explanation about anything that's gone on while he was dead.
swiped off of somebody's grave.
. I sure as hell don't."
We press the point of the angel blade to his voice box. "I didn't ask you to speak. Say another word and I'll cut them right out of you."
"Keep what up?" asks Jack.
Jack's question wasn't actually a question, but Dean feels the need to try and answer him anyway. He watches David Yaeger's history unfold on the screen without actually seeing any of it. How can he explain in a way that a kid will understand?
Dean still can't believe anyone could get him to lay off Jack.
He waits for Sam to turn around and start shouting at him, to say something,
It wasn't very dignified, as exits go, but Dean's never been more glad to get out of the bunker's front door.
"Yes!" Dean says, because that should be obvious. "They're in there dissecting how
As far as birthday parties go, this one's not too bad.
John swallows around the lump in his throat. "I get that," he says. He stares down at the dirty plates in the dishwater. He remembers being dead, all hundred-odd years of it. That's why he can't let this go. "I get that, I do, but Sammy, this is
Cas winces. "Dean..."
Oh, shit. Dad doesn't know. He has no idea Dean let Sam get killed on his watch, and in order to make it right gave up the only thing he had left: one tarnished gutter soul.
Dean holds onto Cas for moral support. He gives himself a slow count of four. And with their lips still touching, and his own eyes still closed, he tells Cas—and it's just for the two of them.
But most of all, John loved to love her. Mary didn't always make it easy, but that just meant that loving her was worth it. Every single smile was hard-earned, and that made it real. Loving Mary was the most rewarding thing John ever did.
Cas leans in and kisses him again while he undoes Dean's belt. Like—fuck, like he knew Dean wouldn't want to watch. Dean hears the zipper on his fly, and all at once it clocks that,
Dean's in the kitchen when they get out, standing at the stove, adding something to a pot. And now that John's got a chance to really look at him, it amazes him how different Dean is.
Cas puts his phone away. "How are you holding up? Is it still bad?"
But it's too late. Dad's eyes narrow in trademark suspicion. "Oh, angels like to come down here and play God, do they?"
, and
, Sam?"
"That is so far from okay!" Dean says. Inside Dean's head, Michael rattles the bars. "You were together more than a decade, doesn't that matter at all to you?" In point of fact, if you don't count the years when either Mom or Dad were dead, they've known each other almost the exact same amount of time Dean and Cas have. "That's a lotta good years to be throwing away."
"So get comfy," Dean decides. "Shoes, coat, tie...belt," he adds. He blinks heavily up at Cas. "I could help you with that."
Sam's face is wide-open heartbreak, just like Mom's was last night. They both told him how sorry they were about Flagstaff, and Dean—
Mary was helping John from the storage room to the war room; with a concussion, he had to lean on her to walk. During the switch she fell to the floor, cutting her hands and knees on broken glass. Now we heal John's body of all its injuries and stand with it unaided—and with Mary so close, she makes the perfect target. "Hi, sweetheart," we say warmly, and twist a hand in her hair, dragging her up from the floor.
He says it like he's waiting for Castiel to come in with some kind of punchline, but Castiel doesn't say anything. He's back to staring John down. It's unsettling.
As John watches, Castiel approaches Sam and says something inaudible, gesturing to Sam's arm, which John can now see is wrapped up tight in a makeshift splint. Is it still broken? Was he working with it like that? Sam glances up at John, face impassive, and turns back to Castiel. Sure enough, together they unwrap the bandages around Sam's arm, and Castiel passes a glowing hand over it, though after it's done he sways a little on his feet. Sam steadies him by the shoulders with his newly healed arm, then offers Castiel a word of thanks and a tired-looking smile. Castiel's grace may indeed be stretched to the limit, but it seems he thought it was important to dig down a little further and find enough for Sam—and it seems that even Sam agreed to give John first dibs on the angelic healing.
"What about Dean?" John asks finally.
Of course. This can't be real because it
for this week: a couple of brief mentions of suicide (not out of any real suicidal ideation, but as a "practical" solution to the michael problem - dean has a VERY minor no-will-to-live crisis but it isn't the same vibe) hallucinations, discussions of both flagstaff and hell and all that they entail, an attempt by one character to deliberately trigger a traumatic memory for the other (this happens twice), use of handcuffs, and...i'm not sure how to describe this...very sexually violent suggestive language from/about the bad guys. there's no sexual violence in this fic aside from dean's history, which is not shown "onscreen," but this IS a similar vibe. it is just a couple of paragraphs though - if you'd like a more detailed warning hit me up in the comments or on
The family with the kids gets up and starts packing it back into their car. Now they really are alone. Dean pulls his hands under the table so Cas won't see them shaking, keeps his eyes down. He's getting that adrenaline rush again, leaving him shaky and a little sweaty, too cool even in the late summer breeze. It's all he can do to keep from jiggling his knee.
Dean's just so fucking relieved that he doesn't have to worry about that. An awful lot of his metaphorical skeletons have come out of his metaphorical closet this week. It's such a weight off his shoulders, knowing this one thing gets to stay between him and Cas. No one else needs to know. It still belongs to him.
"I know it's fucked up," Dean says. "You guys all act like you think I'm brainwashed or something, but I get it, okay? No little kid should be messing with guns, especially when they can't even talk. But I had nobody. Nothing. Not even words. And he's the one who pulled me up out of that—that pit I was in. What if I never got better? Who would have looked after Sammy?"
Okay. John steels himself with a deep breath and asks, "Mary, where is Dean?"
"Yes," Dean says firmly, even as he mourns the loss of Cas's touch. It made Michael a little easier to bear, at least. "Cas, you told me you would do this for me. You promised. Remember that?"
Sam drops his gaze for the first time. "I thought I was doing the right thing. That the end justified the means. But you know what they say about good intentions." His voice drips with scorn. "Which I guess are what you had when you told Dean he might have to put me down, right?"
"Michael is the angel who God chose to lock Lucifer in Hell to begin with," says Sam. He flips one page, then another. "When the shit hit the fan and the Titanic started going down, Michael was the one who was supposed to take Lucifer out for good. To the angels, Dean and I were the perfect vessels: an older brother who was forced to kill the younger in order to defeat a great evil because his father commanded it. Maybe that sounds familiar to you."
John swallows. "Hey." He lifts Sam's stupid mop and bucket. "Can I use the sink?"
Dean closes the door behind them as quiet as he can. It was impossible to forget for even a moment how much Dad missed her, but sometimes he does forget how much Mom missed him back. They really were part of their own love story—and somehow, against every impossible odd, they've found each other again. Whatever other shit is about to hit the fan, they're still his mom and dad—Dean can't begrudge them that happiness.
"Seriously?" Dean demands, as his pulse slows back down. "I mean,
Well, okay. Dean's not that much of an optimist, but a no is a no. He can't say he isn't disappointed, but he's also a little relieved. It's been years since he blew anybody. He's not sure if he's ready to get back on the horse just yet. Maybe Cas could tell—maybe
"Repay?" John echoes, incredulous. He hates this feeling—being angry, but especially at her, especially after how long they were apart and how much he's missed her. Even after he found out about all the lies, the deal, he couldn't be angry at her when she was gone because she was gone. But now that she's here, he's furious. "Mary, you put me in that position! You sold our Sammy to demons, and you never once told us a damn thing about what was coming for our family, or about what's really out there in the dark—you just left us! What was I supposed to do?"
"Are you falling asleep?" Cas asks. "We should get you to bed."
"Dean, no, I swear it was the only one they had," says Sam. "We were kind of working on short notice, here."
Dad was always at his best when he was in a good mood and hadn't been drinking. Not counting the one beer Dean gave him at breakfast, both of these things are true during their trip, and once Dean gently prompts Mom to put in that old mixtape Dad made her, the one with the Judy Collins song, Dad gets to telling stories about when Sam and Dean were little. None of the depressing shit—stupid stories, about how when Sam was a baby he went through a phase where he wouldn't sleep anywhere but in the back seat in Dean's arms, or about Dean learning to swim when he was eight and, thanks to some kids at school, being a hundred percent convinced there were snakes in the lakebed waiting to bite off various appendages if he touched bottom.
Oh, Dean hopes not. She and Dad would never get back together then. Dean doesn't want anybody being mean to his dad on his behalf, especially not over the whole Cas thing. That's his shit. He'll deal with it, if the time ever comes where he has to. Still, it's—nice, to know there are people who would stand between him and Dad, if he did want them to. Weird, but nice.
Mom also cracks up, from her place beside Dean. He was feeling left out, so she hung back to keep him company. Dad's on his other side; nobody invited him to help and he didn't ask, but at least he isn't hiding in his room drinking. However intensely uncomfortable it is to have him around, Dean's still glad he's here.
, Dean wants to say, but he's still too angry. They've dismissed him. They don't need him anymore. Mom gives him one last smile before she disappears into the kitchen, and then he's alone. Everything in Dean wants to follow them whether they like it or not. How can Sam do this to their family? How can Mom let him? He could say the wrong thing and make her hate Dad forever. He could tell the wrong story and break her heart.
It's meant to reassure Dean, he knows. But he can't help but think, as Sam leads him out of the room, as Michael begins to laugh, that Sam and Cas being there is exactly what he's so afraid of.
A phantom arm snakes around his waist and Dean squeezes his eyes shut. "You're barking up the wrong tree, you son of a bitch," he mutters. It won't be Hell. It won't be. That's not how he's going to go.
"When I want your opinion I'll ask for it," Dean mutters. Sam's just worried; Dean gets that. See, Sam knows perfectly well that Michael can see and hear every single thing they do, and he's the only one in the room who clocked onto who Dean was really talking to. Even though all of them (minus Dad) know where Michael is, Dean's baby brother might be the only other person in the whole universe who understands what it truly means to have an archangel riding shotgun and still be the one behind the wheel. In some ways that's a relief. In most ways it's horrifying. Dean's been trying not to think about it. "Come on," he adds. "Family roadtrip time. Can't tell me you haven't wished for this yourself, huh, Sammy?"
Dean doesn't reply.
kills him—he sold his own soul because he thought it was worthless! He sacrifices himself over and over and over because he doesn't value himself at all! What's wrong with Dean," Castiel says, "
Jack frowns. "I vaporized the
Dean tips his head back, letting out an incredulous sound that might pass for a laugh. "Honest?" he repeats. "With you? You asked me what I expected you to do—this is it! 'Cause that's always what you do, right? Swoop in out of nowhere and save the day? But you don't know Michael. All you did was give him an extra escape hatch. A yes to him one time is a yes forever. He can come back in me or in you whenever he wants to. And you can't fight him."
had to live with that, and you
"Sam told me I shouldn't expect to see you with a girl of your own anytime soon," John remembers.
Something about that smile still kind of breaks Dean's heart.
Times like these, Dean's glad that he can finally let himself think:
"Like four times now," Dean tells him. "I've been everywhere. I've done everything. And nothing really scares me anymore. Except..." Dean cuts himself off. Then he confesses, "I was so scared when you got back, I couldn't even be happy. Just the thought of you figuring it all out and thinking: 'God, I turn my back on this screw-up for five fucking minutes...' But why not, right? That's how it's always been. Because I was never fucking good enough unless you were keeping me in line."
...hi. happy thursday :) these notes are a textwall, so no hard feelings if you skip down to the warning section!
is twenty-five. You must have had to check every clinic in the area, and then track down some of the staff who were there that day to chat them up. Maybe even dig up some old photos to jog their memories. Pretty impressive legwork, Sammy, especially after all these years. Don't know how you found the time with Michael crawling up all our asses, but hey, priorities, right?"
"You haven't had more than half an hour's rest at a time in a month," Cas reminds him. "Michael being gone means you actually can die from sleep deprivation now."
In there? John takes a few steps towards it, wary. Three padlocks hang open on the side, and they're all etched with blocky sigils similar to the ones along the box's lid. The locks themselves aren't anything special; it's clearly some kind of magic meant to keep this shut. John slips them off and opens the box. There are more sigils on the inside. They look so familiar, but John just can't place them.
. It will be just as it should: just us. None of them. Just you and I."
"I don't know if it would have been any different if you'd warned me—but I did it all, Dad! Everything you were so scared of!" Sam keeps moving towards John, one step with each counted sin. "I dealt with demons. I drank their blood. I used my psychic powers. I betrayed Dean. I let Lucifer out of his cage. Then I said yes, and let him into me. And through the whole thing, no matter how sick it made him, no matter how pissed he got, Dean still wouldn't kill me. He saved me, even from the devil himself! And I jumped into Hell and took that bastard with me! You think Yellow Eyes was a bad son of a bitch?" he shouts, and all at once reaches out and shoves John, hard, sending him stumbling back. "Try wrestling Satan!"
Not like Dad, Jack means. In the car ride home from the vampire hunt, Sam said:
Dean jerks back into one of the side corridors, startled, but Dad didn't see him. He looks exhausted; Dean should know. He glances around and spies the door with his duffel bag hanging on it, and at that moment Dean realizes that Cas put him in literally the furthest possible room from Dean's. Dumb son of a bitch—talk about overkill.
"Which is what you
Dean and Cas are okay, too, Dean thinks, just like Cas said. Cas hangs out with him whenever Sam and Eileen aren't around, and it makes the bunker feel a lot less empty. They go and work jobs and come back and then Cas binges Netflix and continues not to sleep, ever, because he's an absolute freak. In between shows they play foosball down in the good old Dean Cave, and Cas destroys him every time. Guy always did have good reflexes. Fringe benefits of being one of Heaven's best and brightest, or something.
"Sam," Castiel says helplessly. "I promised Dean. I promised—"
It gets quiet again. Wind scatters dead leaves over the pavement, and Dean jams his hands in his pockets, shifting from foot to foot to keep warm. He's about to crash their party when—
Jack falters, looking to Cas. "If it's Michael or Dean...it doesn't matter what I think, it's what
It won't be long now. Dean's done for. Even their last resort couldn't stop it.
"No fucking surprise there," Dean snaps, failing to keep his exasperation out of his tone. "Sam, it's past time, man. I'm barely holding on here. Cas tell you Michael was screwing with my head, too?"
"First time?" Dean jokes, utterly out of his depth, but the look Cas gives him tells him that it is. Well, fuck. "...are you okay?"
Jack's expression clears. "Right.
"Eavesdropped on purpose, you mean," Dean mutters, like he wasn't doing that exact same thing last night. Soon it's not gonna matter if Sam's on Michael's hit-list, because
and now, it is time for the VERY long author's notes. >:) what, this story is 109k, you thought i'd be able to shut up NOW?
Dean looks spooked, suddenly: that John knew without having to be told, no doubt. He jokes, tremulously, "I've had worse."
Dean tries to calm his nerves. Inside his head, Michael's always banging on that door, and any time he slips, the banging gets worse. When Dean gets too pissed, too sad, too scared, too drunk—and that last one's a real pain in his ass. Dean's got be on his toes 24/7. He's barely even sleeping. No rest for the wicked, after all.
It's grim, but there's a little hope in that for Dean. Whether it's one year or a hundred or a thousand, no one, not even Michael, will want to stay trapped in a tiny coffin at the bottom of the sea forever. It's not so endless as it used to seem. And when the end finally does come, if Cas is quick and strong enough to catch him before Billie throws his ass out into the Empty, then Dean might even get to see his family again, even if they're all in Heaven by the time Michael ends it. Either way, at least Dean won't be down there forever.
Cas looks away for a long moment. Dean knows that face; he's picking his words, nice and careful. "Will we still be...us?" he asks finally. "If you're counting on this situation being temporary, Dean...well, I just think I'd better know now, before we keep going."
"You should have just let me die," John says flatly.
Of course Cas realizes what Dean's trying to do. "It's all right," he says. "It's all right, Dean, I told you that you don't have to. I know."
Sam's face twists in revulsion. He's still cradling his broken arm. "What?"
"No," Sam says firmly. "I'd have fought you if you tried. We'll find another way."
Dean's speechless. He glances over at Sam for backup, but Sam seems just as lost as he is. The two of them can have entire conversations with expressions alone. Sam's says
Things are different now. Dean will always love his father, no matter what. He'll always want him to stay. But these days, having his dad around makes him feel less safe, not more. All of Dad's reasons have begun to look like excuses. And Dean's a grownup now. He's his own man. He has Sam and Cas and Mom and Jack. He loves his father very much, and no matter what he always will, but he's coming to realize that he doesn't
"What?" Jack asks, and when Dean looks up Alastair is gone, and the kitchen is normal again. "Did you say something?"
She shakes her head. "I love you, John," she whispers. "I love you so much. And I missed you more than you can imagine. But I—I have to wrap my head around this. I need some time."
"We wouldn't know until we tried," Sam says firmly. "But you'd still be..."
John is just about at his limit.
Another one jumps Dean from behind, pinning his arms to his sides. Dean curses and rears back in a headbutt hard enough to make him see stars, but it doesn't let go. A second vampire appears before Dean, fangs out. The one behind him lowers its head and then Dean feels those teeth tear into his neck.
"Don't tempt me." Cas readjusts his grip. "Lean on me."
John chuckles without meaning to. "Thanks," he tells Dean, and accepts the plate.
John should have known from the start. After all, it was Jack who said, that very first morning in the kitchen:
?" Dean shouts, because he has to raise his voice to hear himself over Michael. His pulse is racing; even though he's not moving them, his fingers twitch at his side. "What's not fair is that you put everything on me and I could never do it all, I could never do it good enough for you. What's not
"Lies?" We pretend to look hurt. Castiel struggles weakly in our grasp, so we smash his face into the bannister again, two times, three, until the metal breaks, just to make sure he cannot interrupt. Dean, of course, can't do anything but beg—which he is. "You don't know your son at all. Why would I lie when the truth is so much more fun?" We drop back into Dean's voice, complete with unshed tears. It's a perfect impression. "'This ain't no fling.'" We puncture the words with the high needy moan Dean made, when he came in Castiel's arms. "'I
"I know," says Mom. "We really do need the salt."
"We can find another way, Dean," Cas pleads. "There's still so much we haven't tried, Mary has a lead on a Hand of God—"
" John shouts, and feels tears pricking at his own eyes at last. He slams his fist against the door of the truck in frustration, once, twice. It doesn't help. "You think I wanted this? To raise two kids on my own and know every minute of every day something was coming for us?" John doesn't even know what's coming for them now. Whatever's wrong with Dean, he knows she won't tell him.
Dean fails to bite back a smile. "Okay," he says, "like you
Now that Dean's operating on the assumption that Michael can and will make Dean his bitch again at any second, life's gotten a little more exciting. For example: why not kiss Cas when he told Dean he was full-on in love with him? Why not let Cas drive his car? This might be the only chance he ever gets. It's not like Dean has to worry about Cas finding out he feels any particular way about all that now that they're, like, together or whatever. Might as well put it in the spank bank before he's spending an eternity at the bottom of the ocean.
"It's a big place you got here," John says. "I keep thinking I'll find the end of it and then I never do."
Sam shrugs, which is a far cry from what John was expecting. Used to be, Sam would take any opportunity he could to get up in John's face. He walked through this world like it owed him something, always with a chip on his shoulder. He was tall and wiry and every bit as scrappy as Dean was, but the pit of anger he threw those punches from ran a hell of a lot deeper. He used to aim that anger at John: about hunting, about their lives, about their quest to find the thing that killed Mary, long before he believed in the necessity of any of it. Maybe it was something about being the second son, maybe it was the demon in him, but John never could figure out where he went wrong with that boy. Dean he raised right, brought to heel, but Sam was the most pissed-off stubborn sonuvabitch John ever met, besides himself. Trying to reason with him—well, you might as well wrestle angels.
, as a progression of the dynamic dean & cas established in that.
. "And after...well, I wouldn't blame you."
"I do okay, though," Dean says. He's seated across from Mary, and they trade a little smile. "It may not have been Mom's, but this tastes just like Piggly Wiggly's."
. And on one memorable occasion that they never spoke of again, when John accidentally spoke Mary's name, he got an apologetic:
Cas pulls back, and swallows visibly. "Now we're even."
"Dean." His name falls like a gavel out of his father's mouth, and Dean shuts up fast. Dad looks up at last, heartbreak all over his face. "Why wouldn't you just...tell me? Why are you so hellbent on going behind my back? I thought I taught you better than that."
). i also added his illustrations to the chapters themselves and i think they look pretty damn good - so if you're in the mood to reread, you should go check 'em out. and finally,
"Why," says Sam over the blare of
"He's—" Dean splutters, trying to keep up. This is the worst day of his life. Was he seriously that transparent? "Nobody's out of my league!"
"Tell me," Dean insists. "If it could be any way you wanted. Promise I won't laugh."
, possibly still pulling on his trench coat. "Is this a bad time?"
Dad squints at Dean. "And what about you?" he asks.
Yeah, Dean knew. He'll always know; he'll take it with him right into that coffin if he has to.
WELCOME BACK TO ANTI-JOHN THURSDAY. happy belated six month anniversary to everyone who experienced the absolute universal shift in the spacetime continuum on november fifth. this is the last time this story is going to have any chill whatsoever until the end. sorry in advance for the double cliffhanger. thank you so, so much for all the love last week. <3
But what Cas said has been bouncing around in Dean's head ever since Cas opened his mouth, and Dean can't stop it any more than he can stop Michael from trying to scream down that door in his brain.
of him, Cas." The confession leaves Dean's voice hushed and aching. "I knew how bad it tore him up, but I'd piss him off anyway. I was selfish. I wanted stupid shit like baseball games and apple pie, like he didn't have more important stuff to be doing. And I knew if I screwed around enough, he'd hit me—what else was he supposed to do when I kept getting out of line? But then it was even odds that he'd try to apologize. This life, you get hit all the time. That's nothing. Quality time with Dad, though, that was more than worth the price of admission. That was something special."
This time when the body falls, it's Dad. "Dean," he says, with more concern in his voice than Dean's heard since he was a kid.
Dean stumbles back against the wall, as weak and exhausted as if he'd just gone a hundred rounds with a demon. He sinks down to the floor, horrified.
He couldn't let it happen. Not to his Dean. And so, when a great rumble shook him free from the rack a few days later, John found enough strength in the memory of Mary and his boys to make his way to the Devil's Gate in Wyoming—to crawl out of Hell just in time to help them put an end to Yellow Eyes for good.
And then John is alone.
"I said—
edits,
Of course, John could have undertaken his quest alone; he could have left Sam and Dean with a friend, a neighbor, even some of his own distant family. He thought about it many times. But the longer he waited, the harder it became. No matter what Castiel or anyone else thinks, John loved his boys, maybe even too much. After Mary's death, he couldn't bear to tear their family apart. They were all he had left of her, even Sammy. And—well, John was always a paranoid son of a bitch, and that was a lonely way to live. Sam and Dean were the only people he knew he could trust and let his guard down around. Sam and Dean were the only people who truly believed him about the way that Mary died. And there was no one,
stab me with it."
Dean thinks back to the dinner he ate in here alone, and the way he wondered if it mattered at all if he took care of this body. What's the point of sleeping? Cas could leave to check on his lead now and let Mom sleep in the back seat as he drove. It wouldn't make a difference to Dean in the end.
Now Dad's here again, and Dean doesn't know what to do. It took such a long goddamn time for him to be able to admit to himself that the way he and Sam grew up was—that it wasn't right. And of course none of that was Dad's fault. Hell, Dean's the one who brought the poor son of a bitch back; he doesn't get to start pointing fingers. But it's been thirteen years. Dean's had over a decade of time and distance to see it a little more clearly. He can't be angry anymore, but how is he supposed to just put away that much shit and act like he's the same stupid hero-worshipping kid that he was when Dad died?
Dean makes his way over to Jack so he can take his own turn in the hug train, squeezing Jack so hard he lifts him just a few inches off the ground. It isn't the
Dean feels Cas heave a long-suffering sigh. "I'll endeavor...ore often. But only if you promise..."
We have to give him credit: aside from the nephilim, Sam Winchester presents the biggest threat to us, far more than any other human in this bunker or anywhere else. He fights like a demon and his will is impossibly strong. The taint in his blood makes him repulsive to touch, even during combat. We grapple with him a moment, but for all his strengths, Sam is still just a man. We twist the arm with the angel blade behind him and wrench it from his hand. This arm has been broken before—a long time ago, by a monster. And what's been broken before is always weakest, the most brittle. A little more force, and—
But when he reaches us we backhand him again. Mary shouts his name and tries to go to his side, but we turn and fling her away with a thought, sending her sprawling backwards.
"What?" Sam's incredulous. "No. No, I couldn't just—we had work to do."
car air fresheners you're supposed to hang on your rearview mirror. There's a few grease-stained boxes of pizza stacked on it, so hot and fresh they're still steaming. The table has been set with their best dinnerware, including wine glasses, even though there's also a beer by every plate. There's technically three stools on each side, but it's always a tight fit with more than four—and yet, they still found room in the middle for a couple of candles, one shaped like a jack-o'-lantern, and the other covered with pink and red hearts. There's also a bouquet of slightly dirty fake flowers that look suspiciously like they might have been
They're planning on cornering us. We tip our head back and laugh, a sound that makes the lights flicker and the walls shake. These fools are used to angels who can't fly. But we love nothing more than to see hope broken. Why escape the danger when we can simply remove it completely?
a family again. As long as Mary is here with him, the rest can be seen to.
Dean remembers how they used to sleep in the car to save money sometimes, when he was still real little and hadn't said a word since Mom died. Dad would pull over somewhere nice and quiet and turn the radio on, or put in one of those old mixtapes he made for Mom, and Dean would hold Sammy, and Dad would hold him. He'd take off that old leather jacket and pull it around Dean's shoulders to keep him warm, and let Dean snuggle right up into his side. "Don't you worry, Dean," he'd say. He'd make a show of locking the doors. "We're okay. Nothing can get us in this car. And as long as I'm around, nothing bad is gonna happen to you."
"What's wrong with Dean," Castiel says, "is that he's known how to fire a gun since he was six years old. What's wrong with Dean is that he never got to have a childhood. It's that to this day when he's overwhelmed sometimes he still can't speak. He wakes up swinging, fighting nothing, because he never feels safe, even in his sleep. He is ashamed of everything he is and does. He drowns himself in alcohol to cope with pain beyond his tolerance. And he—" For the first time, Castiel's voice wavers. "He tracks you with his eyes whenever you're in the room. He doesn't know how to parent without violence, because to Dean, love and violence are the same thing."
"Just shut up," Dean says roughly, and he's shocked the words left his mouth, but he's more surprised to find that he means them. Whatever Dad was about to say, right now, Dean honestly just doesn't want to hear it. His heart is beating so hard, his whole body coursing with adrenaline, his hands trembling at his sides. He's never, ever spoken to his father like this—but right now, he's way too pissed off to be scared. "This was mine. I had it handled. You got no right—"
He hears Jack ask behind him, "Is he not staying? I thought he'd want to know how I liked egg rolls."
Dean tries to keep his head empty and enjoy the fresh air, but he can't help thinking about what happened with Dad. Truth is, he's scared. He doesn't know how to do this, how to be angry at Dad when Dad's here to be angry at, when he still wants to protect Dad so much. He never has.
"Yes sir." Dean hasn't said the name in a very long time. "Alastair."
Enough.
"Dean?" Sam calls, from the backseat. "You coming?"
He's finally lived as many years on earth as he did in Hell.
"I'm not sure what to do now," Cas admits from above him.
Dean's panic rises sharply again and he cuts himself off. It takes him a long moment to shove it back down.
She probably would feel better if he shouted at her, huh? But Dean just can't do it. "I'm not mad at you, Mom," he says. "That's crazy." Since he's pushing forty, his knees really can't take the strain; he stands, but he pulls her up with him, and pulls her into a hug. He tries to give her a big bear hug like Sam would—like Dad would. If there was ever a time he finally lived up to his dad's image, he hopes it could be now.
Dean blinks at him stupidly. This conversation is doing a lot to sober him up very quickly, but he's not there yet. The first thing that comes out of his mouth is, "Well I'm not
It's Dad.
Mary sighs. "No, sweetheart. It's just been a long time since we've all seen each other. We have a lot to talk about." With this last sentence she pins John with a dark look that he doesn't understand—like somehow whatever's wrong with Dean is his fault. That's not fair. He should be angry with
Dean takes a deep breath, like he's screwing up all his courage. "Well, you can't," he says, and if John's not mistaken there's real resentment in his voice. "It's my thing. Sorry if being left in the dark about it is
Dean is struck by the sudden horrible memory of Hippie Cas at Camp Chitaqua in that fake future Zachariah cooked up. "Dude.
, comes the predictable if comforting reply, and Dean scrubs his hand through his hair and picks a direction to walk in. The last thing he hears Mom say to Sam is, "I want you to know nothing you said today changes anything for me. You took what I did to you and made something good out of it, and I couldn't be more proud..."
"Sorry, I can't hear you—the music's too loud."
"Okay," says Dean, his sleep-deprived brain struggling to keep up, "good. That's...good." Right?
Dean could try to explain, again, that that's what he wants to be done to him. But Cas is being a little bit selfish. Which still pisses Dean off, a lot. But—
" he asks, a little winded.
They meet in the middle, slow and unhurried. It's the first kiss they've ever had with just the two of them, and no Michael leering at them from inside Dean's brain. Dean's heart still feels ready to burst right out of his chest at the contact, but at least now much less of that has to do with being afraid. Cas slips an arm around Dean's waist. Dean lets himself be pulled close. In a moment a little rush of warmth starts at his lips and then washes over the rest of him, and he feels the soreness in his wrists fade, and the cut on his cheek close.
Dean's still not sure why he told Cas. But he knows Cas thinks about it a lot, because now that he's more or less gotten blanket permission to touch Dean, he frequently winds up brushing his thumb over Dean's left eye. Dean never told him which one Dad hit, but he knows Cas saw it. If he was looking through Dean's worst memories when he was in there trying to get Michael out—well, Flagstaff isn't Dean's very worst memory, but it definitely makes the top ten. Dean tries not to think about it, or the other stuff Cas must have seen. If anybody had to see it, he'd rather it be Cas, but he's ashamed that it happened at all. He should have kept a better eye on Sam, or found him sooner. Or, hell, he was an adult; he could have defended himself. He just didn't. He thought Sam was dead, and anyway he's always been weak where Dad was concerned.
God for the foreseeable future, and gets drunk.
Oh. Something in Dean mourns; he knows what it's like, to watch your brother take an archangel down with him. He wishes he didn't have to do that to Sammy. Michael pounds against the inside of his skull, reminding him it could always end the other way, that some things are just inevitable.
"I'm done," Sam agrees. Dean thinks that'll finally be the end of it, and then Sam adds, "At least until I'm sure I won't chase you back into the closet."
Dean's busy shaking his head and giving Sam a pretty obvious look of
to piss him off?"
"Stop!"
and finally,
John literally can't even think about it—but Dean had to live it.
"...maybe," Mary says quietly, though she doesn't sound entirely convinced. "I guess we have time. Now that you're here." She reaches for him, smoothing her hand over his face. "How
," Jack says haughtily. "I want Summer to win."
Dean shakes his head. "I got him," he says, "for now." He blows out a long sigh, watching the fog of his breath disappear in the dark. He misses smoking. Took it up for just a hot second back when he was seventeen, but the first time Dad caught him with cigarettes he tore Dean a new one—that was a lecture for the books. Dean's body was his most important weapon, he said, and weapons are something you have to take care of, or they won't protect you, and they sure as hell won't protect Sammy. Dean didn't get to fuck up his body for something so stupid.
," as though to make sure they both heard him. It's the same tense voice he used to use when he got between John and Sammy during a screaming match. "This is Castiel."
He's hallucinating. Why is he hallucinating?
on the table," Dean says, voice shaking for the first time, "when you left enough money for one week and were gone for three. And when you came back home, instead of thanking me, instead of one lousy pat on the head and a 'good job, son,' all you did was tell me everything I fucked up while I was doing your damn job for you!"
that sword. How is it possible that Dean's will has won out over Michael's this entire time? John's fight with Yellow Eyes while he was being possessed was many things—violent, brutal, terrifying, humbling—but more than anything it was
"No, don't—"
the text reads.
WELCOME BACK & HAPPY THURSDAY. thank you SO MUCH for all the love last week, i literally don't even have any words LEFT for cool it is that you all keep coming back week to week to read along. i am humbled <3 even if it takes me awhile to respond to everyone's comments, i promise i am reading them all with stars in my eyes.
stopped. I know it's hard to believe, the way he is now, but Sammy had some serious anger issues. I used to think he was the most pissed-off person I'd ever known. And then I met Cas."
Dean, absently swishing the last drops of beer around the bottom of his bottle, looks up. "What?"
, suggestive violence, nonconsensual disclosure of personal information, and references to past abuse and sexual assault. these are intended to be vague warnings. more specific,
"Should we call Rowena back?" Mom asks. "Get her to do this?"
"I appreciate it," he says. "I do. Thank you. But I think the best thing we can do now is keep them from tearing each other a new one. You know, growing up—" Dean huffs out a laugh. "Dad and Sam, they got into it all the time. I mean, they
"Sammy," Dean calls. He jogs over to meet them, looking them over for signs of injury—none—or signs that Jack just used up all his soul. "We all good? Jack?" he asks, pointedly.
"You'll work through it," Mom says bracingly. She's bad at comforting people, but Dean appreciates the effort. "You always do. You said so yourself, right?"
And now that they're over that little speed bump, Cas reaches for him again. Instead of flinching, Dean gratefully leans into his touch, letting Cas cup one hand around his face to pull him back in for a kiss.
Sam drops his chin in a nod. "Came up last year, when Dean—well. We weren't going to lie to her. She took it better than I expected, actually."
Dean is in the middle of arguing with Cas about which of them should go back to check on Jack when Dean sees him climb up through the underbrush and onto the road. "Hey," he says, smacking Cas's shoulder with his still-cuffed hands. "Look."
Cas leans in, nice and easy, and just like before he presses his lips to Dean's jaw. Dean's eyes slip shut, and he lets himself breathe in. It's not too much. Cas smells good, and he doesn't linger for too long. Dean has to check himself; his hands want to reach up towards the lapels of Cas's trench coat. They want to keep Cas where he is.
By then it's only half past five, but they're all yawning their heads off. Jack, in spite of the restored powers that usually mean he doesn't sleep much, calls it a night first. Cas wanders out with him without even giving Dean a second glance. Dean's not sure what that means—technically, there's no point in hiding anymore. Is Cas trying to be discreet or has he been looking forward to a break in Michael-watching duties? Or maybe—maybe after everything Michael said and did, he's having a hard time being around Dean. Dean couldn't exactly blame him.
"I'm sorry," Dean says helplessly. "I'm sorry, Dad, but I didn't know what else to do—"
"I wish I was gay," Dean says, which is not actually what he means at all. He's not even that drunk right now, fuck. There's no fucking excuse for this. Castiel's eyebrows have shot up in surprise, so Dean amends, trying to keep his voice down, "I mean, actually I don't, because gross, sorry, no offense—"
about john/mary: i REALLY struggled with this - after everything he's done i couldn't imagine them staying together...at the same time, after how much they survived and how long they missed each other, i also have a lot of trouble believing they could stay apart. in the end, it is (thankfully) far beyond the scope of this fic. i hope it's not a cop-out to say their story ends in whichever way gives you the most peace to imagine.
Dean grits his teeth and bears it. In fact, he hopes Michael
Cas breathes out a slow sigh through his nose. "Did Michael ruin it?" he asks finally. "Are we still—?"
"It's just a box," Dean says helplessly. "It's just got Enochian on it. I didn't do anything to it that wasn't in the IKEA manual. But—"
have a problem," and then get up in John's face about it while he listed off his grievances. But Dean's not like Sam. Whatever courage he summoned up for that bit of backtalk is starting to fail him. He averts his eyes in deference, jaw working furiously, and says, "No sir. I'm sorry, I know you had good reasons. But I do too. You just gotta trust me."
They absolutely do, but Dean is prepared to lie his ass off about it. "This guy's not like most angels," he says. "Archangels are bigger and badder in every way. We're talking the ultimate elite. There's only four—Raphael, Gabriel, Michael, and Lucifer." Technically. There's two Michaels when you count the whole Apocalypse World clusterfuck, but he's not getting into that right now. Or ever, preferably.
As he walks he steps over the bodies. Jack's first; Dean took care of him nice and quick, so he didn't get any bright ideas about using that Enochian magic. He's lying on his side, a bright red slash cut like a smile across his throat. Next to him is Mom's corpse, still smoking at the orifices in her head from where Dean burned the soul out of her. The first time she died by hellfire, so it only seemed right that holy fire should take her to her second death; Dean likes the balance. He was hoping to take his time with the others, but Dad really was no fun after that. Deadbeat to the very end: he wouldn't even fight for his sons. Dean broke his neck in a fit of frustration when he couldn't get him to scream. Sammy wasn't much better. Lucifer used him all up long before Dean got to take his turn, and when he's hurt he just disappears inside himself. Damaged goods. Dean could have forced him out, given time, but he got bored a couple of hours through flaying him alive and let him bleed out.
"Better?" Sam asks.
But he can't stay in here with Sam forever. It's time to face the music.
We can't keep a straight face. We burst out laughing, walls quaking with the sound, and revel in Sam's hurt and angry look. "What," we ask, and pause to wipe mirth from our eyes, "you thought I was serious? Come on, Sammy, you're nothing but Lucifer's sloppy seconds. He filled you up and used you up and left nothing but a mess inside. And..." We page through Dean's memories—John sees everything that flashes by—and let out a
John's jaw must be on the floor. Sam looks like Mary. He sounds like Mary. That's Mary's son. Has he always been like this? How had John never seen it before? But Sam either doesn't know or doesn't care how much he favors his mother in this moment. He holds out the mop and bucket expectantly; he's as serious as a heart attack. Furthermore, John realizes, he's right—John never really cleaned up after himself when they lived on the road. He used to try, when the boys were too little to pick up after themselves, but once Dean got in the habit he gave up on it. One of the very few perks of living the way they did was that every single mess he left behind him became someone else's problem. It's been so long since John's done housework he's honestly not sure if he remembers how.
He looks just the same. Dean hasn't laid eyes on the son of a bitch in a year, and it shocks him how little he's changed. Like he just died yesterday.
, for their boundless enthusiasm and encouragement, and countless of hours of soundboarding this fic at some ungodly hour when we were both sleep-deprived/punch-drunk and came up with concepts such as "dean and mary are two siris talking to each other" or "john's punishment is to think about dean having sex with men forever." i would have never settled on an ending or had the guts to do some of the risky parts of this fic (including writing it at all!) without them. being able to bend their ear while working on a fic is always a privilege and this was no exception.
"Consider that a last resort," Sam says darkly. An idea seems to strike him and he turns to Cas. "Hey, remember when we were fighting Alastair? He used that weird angelic exorcism and almost kicked you right out of your vessel. Would something like that work on Michael?"
Dean clears his throat. "Right. Uh. See you tomorrow, I guess."
Brave little ants indeed. No matter. It takes two quick strikes for us to dispatch her and send her flying back into the wall. What's left of John Winchester wails, horrified at raising a hand to his beloved wife. This wasn't the deal, it wasn't what he wanted, but God's most beloved makes promises to no one. The weak submit, and the powerful use them according to their own design. That is the way of this world and every other. Humans offer; angels take.
. i leave it to your discretion!
Dean takes one step towards Cas, and then another. Cas doesn't move until Dean puts a hand on his chest and pushes his back against the wall. Then, slowly, deliberately, he raises his left hand. Confusion crosses Cas's face, and so Dean uses that hand to grab Cas's right wrist and pull his arm up, then reach with his opposite hand into Cas's sleeve—where Cas always, always keeps his angel blade.
At the same time, John can't bring himself to ask:
and of course, THANK YOU for reading. if you are feeling charitable, you can
"Damn it, Sam," Dean curses. "And in front of Mom? Come on, man—"
Dean is so grateful his father's alive, suddenly. Putting that blade through his dad's ribcage was one of the scariest things he ever did, and he's so glad he got it right. If he could only pick one time not to fail Dad, that would be it—even after everything. That would be it every time.
, and Dean knows that because he used to play bait for Dad all the time.
to Cas, and make sure he's okay. The way he grew up, his natural instinct is always gonna be to take care of his people, but this is different. It's weird. He's not about to turn on the Hallmark over a couple of burgers, though, so he just shrugs and turns back to the stove, so he can take the pan off the heat. "I don't know what to tell you, man."
"The door," we tell him again. "You're so weak you're practically a human now. I know you can open it."
And then, at last, with a small reluctant sigh, Sam reaches in his pocket and produces John's wedding ring.
...the end.
"Stop it!" Jack says. "Leave her alone!"
and not me? That's—that's crazy! What did I do wrong? Is it because I used my powers on the vampires?"
Cas doesn't grace that with a response, choosing instead to give his plate a deeply skeptical look.
Except he didn't really get any answers at all. The only thing he knows for sure is that Dean is in serious trouble.
," Sam echoes, his tone edging into hysteria. He drags his hand down his face, and asks, still grinning, "Why didn't you just tell us?"
A little further back stands the abomination, Lucifer's old vessel, the one who bested him and threw him back into the Cage. Once it seemed that this world's Lucifer must be laughably weak for being unable to stand against a mere human, but this human is not like the others, and his force of will is no laughing matter; without his interference, we would not have been locked in our cage either. Beside him is the woman responsible for how things went wrong in our world, who in this world took the deal that demon offered her, and went on to bear us the perfect vessels. In our world, she refused. In our world, there was no Sam or Dean. In our world, our bloodline of vessels ended with this body.
as an equal, you mean," Sam complains. He gets a little quieter. "I just thought we'd gotten past crap like this."
And the thought of Dad taking a swing at Jack is nearly as horrible.
He's gonna have to get the idea across in a decidedly non-verbal way. He's gonna have to touch Cas first.
for this chapter include: discussion of abuse, physical altercations between family members, re-enactment of abuse, extreme violence,
Cas's eyebrows are climbing up his face. Dean jumps in before he can open his mouth. "Actually, I was thinking three teams," he says. "These guys tend to scatter first and regroup to take your head off later. A couple of us could stay out here to take out the stragglers."
uncomfortable realizations during the time Cas was dead—such as, for example, realizing Sam didn't grieve Cas the same way Dean did, and then, to his horror, realizing
The silence stretches out, growing worse by the second, broken only by the phantom screaming in Dean's head. Kind of funny how Michael won't shut up when Dean can't think of a single thing to say.
One day, around the six-month mark since Cas's return, and three days after Sam and Eileen's wedding, Dean falls asleep on Cas's shoulder again. When he wakes up, he finds that as usual, Cas hasn't moved, except this time to drape a blanket and his arm around Dean's shoulders. Stuff like this has long stopped making Dean's heart race out of his chest. It feels easy, and comfortable. They don't have to worry about getting caught; Sam and Eileen are honeymooning, and they won't be back for a week. It's embarrassing how nice this is. Dean feels so good just lounging right there he could almost cry.
On his way out of the room, John spots his old hunter's journal lying on the corner of one of the tables. Are they using it for their research? Well, too bad. It's John's journal. John's the one who gave it to them, so John can take it away. He slides it into his coat as he walks away, and Sam is so intent on ignoring him he doesn't seem to notice.
So there is something. "It can't be that bad. Lay it on me."
Mom shrugs.
The Dean he left behind was all smack talk and swagger, a little too involved with his own reflection, a little too clean and clean-shaven, which made him just a little too pretty. He decorated himself with all those gaudy trinkets he used to wear for protection—the rings, the bracelets, that strange-looking necklace he was so stubbornly attached to—and kept his hair spiked with that godawful gel, swanning around in that oversized leather jacket with his collar popped like he was Steve McQueen or something. John always thought it was him overcompensating for the fact that he wasn't yet a true adult; how could he be, when their family had to stick together to hunt down Yellow Eyes? Dean never got to cut the apron strings and be his own man while John was alive, because the fight came first. The fight came before everything.
Cas climbs out of the truck. "Is that a good idea, just the two of you?"
That isn't what John means. All those things Michael said about Sam, to Sam, were to hurt him—and having been in both Dean and John's heads, Michael had a pretty fucking good idea of exactly where to twist the knife. Is that how Sam feels all the time? Is that how John made him feel, growing up? Before this week John really had no idea. He thought Sam wanted to get away from his family out of some selfish sense of pride, to prove he could, to prove he didn't need to be under John's command to make something of himself. John always thought of him as the opposite of Dean: while Dean had too much attachment to his family, Sammy didn't have enough. Sometimes, to John, he seemed downright heartless. John suspects now that Sam might say the same thing about him. "Sammy, I—"
Cas stands. "Sam, stay with Jack.
Sam lets out a breath John didn't realize he was holding. His jaw tightens—almost like he was hoping John's pride would get the better of him, and that he would leave and just get out of their hair so that Sam could start on damage control by himself—and he turns away to get back to work without another word. It's all John can do to tear his eyes away.
John was just too selfish to let that go. He was just too scared of being alone.
Cas lets go of Dean, but it's to reposition his hands on Dean's knees, slide those huge palms up Dean's thighs. Dean feels the heat of them bleeding through his jeans. Then,
Wait—Sam. Dean's blood turns to ice. "Cas, Sam didn't—"
"I thought you said you believed in us."
"Mom's got a computer." Sam starts picking up boxes and shoving them back onto shelves. "She basically never touches it. Trust me, you don't want to use Dean's."
Geez, he sounds just like Sam. Dean tries not to smile. "Trust me, kid, these are classics," he says. "You don't like the first one, we can quit, but you should know there's a nip slip in the sequel. I won't tell Cas if you don't."
Except—
John nods, wordless. This time yesterday he would have been outraged at the idea that Mary, gone for Sam and Dean's entire lives, could lecture him on parental responsibilities. Where was she when Sam cried through every night without stopping, and Dean couldn't speak a single word? But Sam and Dean as children are different than Sam and Dean the adults. Even Sam and Dean in their twenties, as John knew them, were radically different from the way they are today. Mary's been back for two and a half years, and she sees them—really sees them. She may not have become a true parent, but she knows their boys better than John does, maybe better than John ever did.
"Dean, you don't listen to any music made after 1979 and your top three picks for movie night are
"Dean?" Geez, Cas moves fast for a guy with no wings. Suddenly he's skidding on his knees through the dirt and dry leaves, one big warm hand pressed to Dean's neck. "Here, you're hurt—"
John doesn't see Mary again until nearly dinnertime. She's in the library with Sam; while he talks on the phone she's hunched over a book and rubbing the nape of her neck with a pained expression. She used to get migraines, sometimes—just once or twice a year, when she got really stressed. Sometimes John would see them coming even before she did, and he recognizes that gesture like the neon sign that it is. He used to be able to help; he massaged the tension out of her shoulders and brought her tea with extra lemon.
deal, yes," Sam says, impatient. "The Mary Campbell of that world told Yellow Eyes to go to hell and left you lying dead on the ground. So Dean and I were never born."
There's just one thing left to take care of. We scan the debris for it, looking for the familiar shine of gold against the dark—
All of John's objections died on his lips at the mention of Dean. "Fine," he grumbles. "I'm alive. Try not to sound so happy about it."
"Didn't you know?" We speak to the room at large, but it's John we look at, because John's reaction will hurt Dean most. "Dean and Cas are—how did he say it..." We drop our voice a little, add some of Dean's gravel. "'Playing for keeps.' They've been together for weeks, now, ever since Dean chickened out of his little coffin plan. Castiel dropped the L-word right off the bat, but Dean's too damaged to say it back. So a couple of nights ago they sealed the deal right in the front seat of that ridiculous Chevy. Dean had to beg Cas to get him to do it. Practically a vow of marriage, but they didn't invite any of you. I was the only one watching. Not that there was much to miss. Dean was gagging for it. Made him
Dean knows that right hook well. That's one of the first moves Dad taught him, one Dad forced him to practice a thousand miserable times—how to stand, when to turn, where to throw his weight—until he honed it to absolute unthinking perfection. And it is perfect: Sam nails Dad right on the jaw with all six feet and change of muscle, sending him staggering back, his grip on Dean slipping free.
"I didn't understand before," Jack tells John. "But I see now. You weren't acting like Dean. Dean was acting like you."
"My being Lucifer's vessel was only half of it," Sam says, as if picking right up on the argument they started yesterday. He's not looking at John; instead he dispassionately scans a passage from the book lying open in front of him, written in a language John can't identify. "The demons wanted me to say yes to Lucifer, but the angels wanted Dean to say yes to Michael."
"Son of a bitch!" Dad snarls, from his place on the operating chair in the infirmary. Blood drips from one nostril. "Are you
"Just for a second," Dean whispers, and then pulls them together.
"Let me," Jack says suddenly. "I can do it. He's scared of me."
But Mom might have a point about Dean taking his own advice. Later, after Dean makes Mom some tea with whiskey and tells her goodnight, he goes back to his own room to find that Cas is already there waiting for him, sitting on the corner of the bed like he's not sure he has permission.
Dean knew it. His spidey-senses haven't failed him yet. "What happened to, 'fighting with Dad isn't worth it'?"
we gank the Holy Roller in my grapefruit. So!" Dean claps his hands together. "How do we kill an archangel without another archangel?"
Right. The tarp-covered box, Dean's mysterious headache—John still hasn't learned a thing. He was poking around in all the wrong places.
Sam blows out a sigh. "All right," he concedes. He stands, and pulls a shaky Dean to his feet, keeping a hand on his shoulder to guide him out of the room. "Cas, can you fix the door? The last thing we need is Dad asking questions."
Dean pats Sam's arm. He doesn't want to tell Sam how tired he is, and how close he is to giving way. How frustrating it is that they have to hide their research to make sure Dad doesn't figure out what it is, and that they have to go take care of these super-vamps before they can get back to hunting for a way to help Dean get rid of Michael for good. But he does caution, "Don't get your hopes up for nothing, Sammy. Plan B isn't going anywhere."
Naturally, the three of them start arguing. Normally Dean would try to make them stop, but he can hardly hear them over the rattling in his head. Any second now. He could go any second.
"You could lay off Dean a little," Sam says, throwing John a sour look. "That would help."
Cas sighs, long and heavy. "Don't thank me," he says. "I haven't always done a very good job."
"You don't know, and it's not okay," Dean hisses. He can't have this conversation here, in public, where anyone could see. He needs a shadowy corner, an empty parking lot, a burned-out streetlight. Something to hide behind. As if he's ever been able to hide from Cas. "Look, man, you're not—you're not the first—I mean, when I was a teenager—"
"That's a bunch of bullshit," Dean argues. "You said..."
Their faces crumple. "He's gone?" asks Jack. "He's really gone for good?"
Cas gets to his feet too, looking truly unsteady. "Are you saying all of this because you feel guilty? Be honest."
Whether or not that has something to do with what's wrong with him now, the hallucinations he's having, it does make one thing painfully clear: Dean's been lying to John since the second he got back.
"Later," Mary says, and Mary is the only person in the world who could make him settle before he got answers. "Jack and I will clean up the table. You two do the dishes. And don't fight," she adds, mostly to John. "Do not fight."
"Home," John replies. "I always imagined a picket fence. A wife and a few rugrats, a gig at the local garage for you, something in law for Sammy. Maybe a dog. Not an underground fortress."
Dean has to stop them there. He points his fork at Sam. "I told you already, we're not booting him out. No exorcisms, no magic, no nothing. He'd just jump into somebody else and use them to burn this mother down instead. Or he'd leave the door open again and jump right back into me. Even if we could get him out for good, he said he'd scramble my eggs, remember? 'Blood and bone.'"
Sam's eyes are exhausted and sad. When did Dean's baby brother get so old? "It was after the boys home," he says. "Dad left you to rot there just for stealing bread and peanut butter so I could eat, and you both kept it hidden from me. If you hid that, what else was there? So I started thinking back, trying to figure out everything I could remember that didn't seem right."
coming back.
It's about time.
Dean goes ramrod stiff at the contact, shaking his head. He squeezes his eyes shut.
Then yeah, Dean gets it. He gets it.
"Speaking of Michael," Sam says, "how're you doing? And do not say fine. I saw you, Dean. You were totally spaced out for a second there."
Dean's breath catches.
Now Cas is looking up. "Dean," he says, and for some reason it's
Luckily, Dad has finally been distracted. "Hold on," he says. "If the devil is real, does that mean God is real too?"
Too late. Sam turns down the volume to a respectable level. Dean tries not to squirm. The music was his way of making sure they didn't have time to talk about...well, anything, but especially not Cas. Sam's too much of a bleeding-heart liberal to actually give a shit—he didn't care when it was Charlie, and he didn't have a problem with Jesse and Cesar—but that still doesn't mean Dean wants to talk about it. "I was asking about the marshmallows, Sam."
"You're, like—you know. You're, uh, totally in love with me." Being drunk was a good idea after all. Dean would have choked on that one sober. He could barely spit it out as it is. "There's gotta be something you want."
"He was sad because your mother was gone," Jack explains. "It wasn't about you at all. You were just—there."
That's one hell of a slow death, if you ask Dean.
Oh boy. The pounding in Dean's head is back. He can't side with any of them, so in a desperate act of self-preservation, he says, "You know what? I think I'm just gonna go with Mom."
Sam and Cas don't get it, but Dean does. Dean says he's not angry. He tells himself it's like Dad said yesterday—that he's just pissed 'cause Dad's best wasn't good enough. But that's not true. Dean's been angry at his Dad for a long time. Maybe as long as he can remember. It was just only ever safe to be angry when Dad wasn't there to see it.
"Then you gotta get everyone outta here," Dean says. "Get the cuffs, chain me up in the dungeon. I'm hanging on by a thread, here, man. I'm talkin' hours. Maybe even less."
Dean lets go, and takes a second to mess up his hair. "So, Jack Kline," he says, "you finally got your mojo back. What're you gonna do next?"
Dean thinks he might be dying. Actually, he's died before, and it still felt better than this. This feels like the shock of being punched in the chest and the pain of having his insides ripped out. It feels just like someone's strung his guts out with piano wire or took a cattle prod to his spine. All he can think is:
, John thinks.
"Metatron was the Scribe of God," Cas says. "He's the one who used me as a catalyst for the Great Fall that robbed the angels of their wings. Amara killed him shortly before she resurrected you."
"Close." Dean quirks his eyebrows suggestively. "I'll give you a hint: you do it in a bed."
A realization strikes Dean then, and he smiles. "Hey, Sammy," he calls, and Sam looks up. "You forgot the salt."
"Big words from someone who won't even look at his best friend," Mom says. "It's a tall order, Dean."
Castiel was right about what he said to John in the storage room. John brushed him off at the time—worried about Dean and annoyed at being taken to task yet again for mistakes he could do nothing to correct, for not being able to be a perfect father and keep his boys alive at the same time—but everything he said was true. John thought he turned his sons into soldiers, and he thought that was the only way to keep them safe. He sees now that he turned them into weapons—and where Sammy balked, determined to find his own sense of self, Dean fell in line. Sam he pushed away, but Dean he kept so close that Dean had no space to breathe, no room to
Jack's face twists into frustration. "But you—" And then, sudden understanding: why he would feel the need to defend what Dean did, when he remembers full well how awful Dean was to him, and knows it wasn't right. "Oh. I see."
"Hell yeah I did," Dean says, and leans in again.
Is he hallucinating again? What was he seeing just now?
At once, every light in the room bursts, raining down showers of sparks and broken glass. "Don't interrupt me," Castiel warns. His eyes are strange in just the light from the hallway; his silhouette more threatening, when John can't see his human face. "What's wrong with Dean is that he lives in fear of failure. It's that he sees himself as nothing more than a weapon, a blunt instrument to be used by other people. He pushes and pushes himself until his breaking point, until it
Dryly, Cas says, "My interest in copulation is limited."
Dad draws back, shocked. "What?"
"You think this is a fling?" Dean asks, disbelieving.
wanted that. Dean should have known that. Dean should have come to him first. But he didn't. He knew what John's reaction would be. And he's right, John justified a lot of shit with their quest to kill Yellow Eyes. But there's no justification for letting your sixteen-year-old—for letting him—
Cas isn't having it. "Dean."
We scream in fury.
"I think
I have you," Cas says, nice and low, close to Dean's ear, "when I truly have you—it won't be like this. I will not be sharing you with
Sam doesn't answer. This bunker is a maze. John's used to paying attention to his surroundings, mapping out all the exits, but he feels like he could never learn his way around this place. At last, when the silence has gone on so long John thinks of moving on, Sam says, "There was someone, for me. Another hunter. She didn't make it."
"Jack, machete," Sam orders.
Dean doesn't get easy victories. There's no such thing as a big win, not without some kind of cost. A new deal, another string, the other shoe. When you're dealing with devils, you can't be that surprised when they make off with your soul. And Dean's made a lot of pretty raw ones in his time: getting a single year instead of ten before his big trip downstairs, for starters. Saying yes to Michael, and becoming his living, breathing cage. So far, that beats stuffing himself—Michael and all—into the unbreakable Ma'lak Box and getting Sam to drop them both off into the Pacific. So far. Time's ticking on that one. Dean's got a black belt in repression, but even he can only keep an archangel buried for so long. Sooner or later, Michael's gonna bust out of Dean's head, and then take the rest of him for an apocalyptic joyride. Talk about your fine print, right?
, man."
Dean uses the towel to scrub furiously at his face, and manfully resists the urge to tell Cas to keep his voice down when he says shit like that. After all, there's nobody here but them.
"What else can I do?" he asks Dean. "Aside from the mopping, I mean."
Obviously, Cas loves them, because Dean is good at what he does. Dean's favorite part of cooking is watching people eat his food. Cas's face changes from skepticism to surprise to that perfect "best-burger-I've-ever-had" expression. Cas hums his approval before he's even through with the first bite. Dean decides right then and there that he kind of loves it, making Cas dinner. Maybe they should do it more often.
Dad narrows his eyes at Cas. "Sure," he says easily, in a tone that means he's starting to suspect that they won't.
"You know why," Sam says pleasantly. "I'm doing this because of you! This is all your fault. I was so desperate, I would have done anything to get rid of Michael and keep you out of that box..."
Mary ducks her head and laughs. "Ah, no. No, that'd be a disaster. Unless we're getting takeout, Dean usually makes dinner around here."
"He could come with me," Dad suggests. "I've never seen this kind of vampire before."
Dean smacks the table, pleased. "Worth a shot," he says. "Someone go get that thing and stab me with it, pronto."
disgusted he is by you and Castiel. It would have been so easy. Why not just let him go?"
Mom and Jack are watching this conversation with twin looks of confusion on their faces. Damn, sometimes Dean forgets just how long he and Sam and Cas have been doing this kind of thing together. "Who are Metatron and Naomi?" Mom asks.
"It used to eat Dad up," Dean said. "He tried everything he could think of. Yelling, bribes, guilt trips, begging, the whole nine. Said he needed someone to talk to, that I had to help Sammy learn how. But I was too—" Dean trips over the word
Tentatively, Dean asks, "Are you okay?"
"But I wanna go!" Jack cries, standing in the middle of their kitchen with his fists clenched at his side. It's just him and Dean and Cas, for right now. "You're seriously taking
John's leg is still wounded. We stumble and it takes two tries to kick Castiel away. He goes tumbling down the stairs, but a few seconds was all Dean needed—to slam the door closed.
And maybe Dad's thinking about Flagstaff, or Hell, or making Mom cry, but Dean's got him cornered. He can't exactly say no.
How could anyone mistake this creature for a human being? There's that same crackling energy about him now as there was when they first met, when Castiel's fury was so potent that it filled the whole room. John didn't understand it then; why should someone he's never even met hate him so much? Now, after days of Mary's betrayed looks, and Sam's angry distance, he gets it. "They must have told you an awful lot about me," he says. "They must have made me sound like a monster." If Castiel thinks he loves John's family, then it should only stand to reason that if that family turns on John, Castiel would too.
in a deliberate attempt to upset and unsettle the sexual assault survivors in this story, nor that the survivors will never grapple with that history. warnings are at the top of every chapter; please take care of yourself and do everything you can to read safely. <3
Sam dries his own hands while John chews that over. It's still not right. John didn't even think angels were real. How is he just supposed to be okay with them in his family's home? How is he supposed to play nice and trust something that's not even human? Every monster he's ever met has gone bad. What makes these two so damn special?
"And me," Sam says fiercely. "And Cas. Dean, don't give up on us."
"Kids still have common sense," Dean snaps. "I knew better at his age. That call I just had was way too close. He could have set Michael loose on us right there! "
...and now that i've said my piece on the fic, i simply MUST thank some very special, very cool people:
"You'd need archangel grace to have even a chance," Cas reminds him. "And that's in woefully short supply."
Jack relents after that. Dean doesn't stick around to hear the rest of the argument; he's still avoiding his dad. He has no idea what Cas told Dad to get him to go, but he's going. Supposedly the Hand of God lead comes from a hunting couple based out of Alliance, Nebraska—that's about a four-hour drive. So they might be back late tonight, or maybe not until tomorrow. And who knows if Dean will still be here then? So he stays in his room as they leave; he's afraid of it being the last time he'll ever see them, and he doesn't want to embarrass himself by losing his cool.
We squeeze our fist and the entire room falls to the floor. Employing this trick is a last resort. It's used often by demons, which are disgusting lowlifes that no self-respecting archangel should want to emulate. But at Hitomi Plaza it was the quickest way to shut the room up, and it works here similarly; with their insides writhing, their lungs half-crushed, none of them can fight through the pain well enough to move.
"The deal you made," John says. "The one that got you
Fine. Whatever. Say Cas and Sam are right and Dad's an asshole on purpose—a mustache-twirling supervillain who abused his poor helpless sons into a lifetime of daddy issues without losing a wink of sleep over it. The guy's only been back from the dead for two days. He looked like he only got a little more sleep than Dean did, and now his whole family thinks he's some kind of monster and won't talk to him. He's not even getting real breakfast, and there's not much worse than not getting enough to eat; Dean should know. And this is still Dean's
It only takes a few seconds to switch from one body to another. The humans, even Jack, are helpless during this transition; they must shut their eyes or be blinded. But even with his eyes closed, Dean knows where his father is, and Dean commands an angel.
It was something private; something he said only to himself. He never expected to hear it come out of anybody else's mouth—least of all Dad's.
When he turns around, he finds Cas standing closer than usual.
"What do you mean, can he walk?" Dad asks, from somewhere beyond Dean's perception. "What's going on?"
. He puts the plan into motion whenever they're alone. An elbow to his ribs when they're driving. Kicking him under the table at shitty diners. It is
Sam shrugs. "Long time ago. Dean and Cas got me out. But it's like Mom said—we're here now." He nods at the plate in John's hand. "You gonna finish that?"
John closes his eyes.
Dean sets his jaw. "No," he says. "My answer is always gonna be no."
Cas hesitates, hand shaking around the blade. "Cold feet?" Dean chuckles. "That's adorable. You should have put me in that coffin when you had the chance."
But Cas doesn't look very comforted. Matter of fact, he's pissed. He's breathing hard, fists clenching and unclenching at his sides. "You don't understand what you're asking of me," he says, nostrils flaring. "Once we lock it, there might not be a way to open it again!"
At least they're on the same page there. John can't talk about it. He can't even think about it. It just won't sink in. He remembers Dean with
Castiel was right about one thing: John is tearing himself up over this. How could he have missed it? How could he have raised Dean to throw his own life away like this?
"You better not be gettin' ready to apologize to me," Dean says suddenly.
"You're not an archangel," we remind him raggedly. Our patience is running thin. We seal the wound in John's chest closed with our grace. "None of you are. No matter what you do, I'm the only one that's walking out of here alive unless you open. The. Door."
about the tricking: i think it would take something this bad to give john a wake-up call he'd actually hear, but i couldn't force dean to go through ANOTHER nonconsensual disclosure of his history. so while cas suspected john knew, he didn't know for sure, and he feels he is protecting dean's privacy by not having john confirm one way or another, and by threatening him to keep his silence. and no, for a variety of reasons, john is NEVER going to tell. having to live ALONE with that knowledge/guilt forever is the only punishment i could give him without also hurting dean by proxy.
"You're asking
Dean's trying, except he's afraid if he opens his mouth he'll hurl. He swallows down panic and bitterness as hard as he can. At least if he was in that box it'd be over. At least if he was in that box, the only one Michael would be able to hurt would be him.
"It's an archangel," Jack says. "Not a demon. If he was a demon we could just kill him. Angels are worse, especially archangels. After all, the only thing that can kill an archangel is another—"
Sam and Cas exchange a look and have a silent conversation that's too fast for even Dean to parse out, and then Sam sighs. "It's your car," Sam says. "If you wanna drive, that's up to you. But I'll come spot you—and if you run us off the road, I am never letting you live it down."
"Sorry, Mom," says Dean. Mom shrugs.
He and Mom share a look. Tragically, Mom opens her mouth like she's getting ready to say more—but then Dad chooses that moment to get back with the salt, and the conversation's over for real.
"Dean," he asks, "why wouldn't you just let me go?"
Dad leans forward. "What's the bet?"
John could never be angry with Mary when she wasn't even there to get angry at. His fury was for the demon, for himself for not being able to stop it from killing him and forcing Mary to barter for his life. He doesn't remember most of it: just Mary's father dragging her out of the car and shouting him down the night he proposed, and then waking up in her arms, with Samuel Campbell's still-warm corpse dead on the ground beside them. But he remembered enough to know he failed her. Even when John still thought it was just some guy who'd killed her parents and attacked him, and not an actual demon that murdered all three of them, he spent years feeling guilty and ashamed at his own weakness—here he was a seasoned combat veteran, and he still failed to protect her. Learning what she'd done broke John's heart, but how could he blame her when he'd have done the same for her?
Cas quirks his eyebrows. "Well, do you?"
"We trust Cas," Sam says firmly. He doesn't shout like he used to, but his tone brooks no argument. "Dean's safer with him than just about anybody."
Mary's shoulders are stiff. "I know," she says. "It's not your fault. I'm the one who..." She swallows audibly. "You know about the deal?"
"How's your interest in copulation now, you son of a bitch?" Dean whispers.
Dad talks over him. "That's not fair, Dean," he says. "I'm the one who kept you alive—"
The sharp smell of antiseptic. The coppery taste of blood. Whispered snatches of hushed conversation, the kind of voice you use when somebody has died. Time stretches out and grows thin, until it just disappears. It's like the opposite of being possessed, where every second is suffering, acutely felt. Right now, he doesn't feel a damn thing.
John lets out a low whistle as he reaches over to crack his own beer open. "Long time. Guess this is it for you boys, huh?"
But Cas's frown of confusion melts away, replaced by a sudden comprehension that makes Dean feel like he just got snapped back into his body after living like a ghost for a year. It's enough that Cas understands. That's proof. He's real. This is all real. The whole fucking thing was always real.
okay, but..." Jack glances over at Sam, who has yet to speak, and then says, uncertain, "I'm not supposed to tell, right?"
It doesn't work, of course. They both knew it wouldn't. Cas isn't an archangel. Dean sits up so he and Cas are face-to-face, noses only inches apart. Then he reaches up with one hand and pulls the blade out nice and slow, a perfect mirror of Cas pulling the demon-killing knife out of his heart the night they met.
It's not that he doesn't trust Sam and Eileen. This new guy, he walks like Cas, he talks like Cas. He knows stuff Cas would know, like the number of species of evergreens west of the Mississippi, or the single unfunniest joke ever told in Enochian, or everyone's exact order from that steakhouse in Dodge City, including the rarity of Dean's steak, the sauces Jack asked for, and the time, down to the second, that the food arrived. Cas still doesn't understand jackshit about personal space or how reality TV works, and he never fucking sleeps. It's true to life.
John tilts the lid of the box a little too far, and something metal rolls off and hits the floor. John closes the box and kneels. It's that same gold spiral blade, the one Castiel was holding earlier. It feels impossibly old in his hand. Like it's meant to kill something special.
It's just under eight hours to Hastings if you speed like a reprobate and miss traffic, which Dean obviously does because everyone who would have been clogging up the roadways got vanished. That gives him plenty of time to formulate a version of events that's a) true enough Sam won't be able to catch him in a lie later and b) leaves Cas's dignity intact, because hey, the guy just died for Dean—it's the least he can do.
But we don't die. It hurts, it
Cas's mouth twists down, unhappy. "I understand," he says, not a promise but close enough. It took Dean a long time to realize, but Cas puts him first before everything, the way Dean puts Sam before everything. That's why he wants to give Dad a black eye for what happened in Flagstaff. It's weird, and a little scary, but not exactly unwelcome. If Dean asks Cas for his support, he trusts that he'll have it, no matter how much Cas has to fight with it first.
"Hmm," says Mom, and then ups Dean's blood pressure by asking, "Do you say that because you and Dean are fighting? What's going on with you two?"
"Look, fellas, facts are facts," Dean says. "We gotta worry about Michael first and me second. 'Cause you know what? I'm a hell of a lot happier dead or a vegetable than I am at the bottom of the Pacific, but I'm happier at the bottom of the Pacific than I am being Michael's sock puppet while he goes Terminator. You wanna heal me up, bring me back—fine, whatever. You can do all the damage control on me you want to
at john's hands (that he was, functionally, john's second wife/new mary), trauma, dean's nonverbalism, emotional manipulation, sexual content (i know, shut up), discussions of dean's past encounters with men during his sex work (which were dubiously consensual at best, and he was underage for some of them), and some extremely unreliable narration - remember, neither john OR dean can give us a totally accurate/objective picture of dean's childhood, because john is an abuser and dean's head is fucked six ways to sunday (though obviously dean voicing his experience is much more important to listen to, whether it's "objective" or not).
Dean just couldn't hear that back then. He couldn't understand. Their family was all he had. Get rid of that, and what then? There'd be nothing left of him.
Sam swallows hard and falls silent.
John Winchester is screaming. Not that he has any reason; it's not the first time he's done this, after all. But it is annoying. Like a gnat. Perhaps a small kindness is warranted.
Cas doesn't seem convinced, but Dean knows he dodged a bullet. Michael came this close to telling the whole bunker just how Dean used to make ends meet, back in the day, and he was only one word away from spilling the truth to Dean's entire family when Cas clocked him to shut him up. And if Dean could pick only one cat to keep in the bag, that'd be it, no contest. Him and Cas, that was something he might have come around to on his own one day, maybe, a long time from now. But Dean never, ever wants anybody else to know about the rest of it. He was sick with dread while Dad was out, worrying Dad saw some of it before Michael got it out of his mouth—but Dean knows his Dad better than anyone. He might be able to ignore Dean and Cas being together and pretend that they aren't, but if he found out about Dean turning tricks? Well, Dean might be nursing more broken ribs already.
for their help & support.
John slides it on his finger and has to close his eyes against the sudden wave of emotion. This ring was the first thing he missed when he got brought back. He felt practically naked without it.
Dean is so confused he can't even tell if his feelings are hurt yet. Sam is the absolute last person he expected to hear this kind of shit from. "What kind of guy, exactly?"
Dean gives Cas a woozy smirk. "You gonna carry me? Bridal or fireman?"
. part of what i like about johnmary is that to them, their story feels just as real and complicated and important and TRAGIC as deancas does to us, and this just sort of drives that home. i don't know! i hate john and love mary, but it compels me.
And once, when they're both on the couch watching Netflix, sitting closer together than they have any reason to be, Dean drops off with his head on Cas's shoulder. He wakes a few hours later to find that Cas hasn't moved an inch. It's the best sleep he's had in years.
We let go. Dean drops to the floor, cradling his injured hand; his breaths are shallow and ragged with agony. "Fuck you."
John's memories of Dean's dinners are less distant and certainly less fond. Pulling together leftovers and canned goods in the kitchen while John sat like a rock at the table, too hungover to even help Sammy with his homework. Dean never complained, but John isn't stupid. "Dean hates cooking."
On the screen, Summer is wandering through a darkened parking garage, clutching a bone saw in one hand. Dean eats some more popcorn. He must have seen Summer make this kill a thousand times—at least now he knows Jack will like the ending—but it never gets old. The movie launches into an extended backstory sequence, and Jack turns to Dean. "Can I ask you something? About your dad, I mean."
metaphorically. Cas isn't trying to pretend he's not totally gone for Dean anymore, sure, but it's actually scary how little that changed things. It's like he barely wants anything Dean wasn't already giving him.
Mom gives him a little nod: mission accomplished. "Good," she echoes. "Okay. I'm glad we hashed that out."
Dad doesn't look convinced. "He killed somebody?"
"It's not about you hitting me," he snarls. "It's about you making me feel like I deserved it! It's about you always, always leaving me behind and expecting me to feel grateful just so
For the first time ever, this firm heterosexuality presents a huge problem. Dean doesn't really have any particular desire to be gay, but if he was, he and Cas could just bang it out and ride off into the rainbow-colored sunset or whatever. Kick it with the other fags at Pride or something. Learn macrame. Give each other (gag) makeovers. Whatever homos do. Everybody goes home happy. Unfortunately, even though Dean loves sex, he's decidedly less enthusiastic about sex with men. That's still disgusting. No can do.
"I'll keep an eye on him," Dean promises. And vice versa. They've been telling Jack not to use his powers; after Lucifer stole his grace and he died, they had to use some crazy-ancient Enochian mojo to keep him alive until some distant future point where that grace naturally replenishes, and every time he taps into his angel magic, he uses up part of his own soul. But if push comes to shove, Jack's got enough juice left to nuke Michael on the spot. And he'd do it, too. He's the only person on earth who hates Michael as much as Dean does, and he knows Dean wouldn't want it any other way.
"Our lives are horror flicks," Jack says, faintly disapproving. "Are they really violent? I don't know if Cas would approve."
But instead Dad gives him a sharp look and says, "Don't you put that on me." He stands, pointing a finger in Dean's direction. "Maybe
"Fine," Cas huffs. "But you don't have to defend his behavior. Not then, not now. Not from me."
"He told me about a girl that died," John says. "Another hunter he cared about. He says that's something you both struggle with. I guess in this life, settling down's not really in the cards."
"I hate you, I hate you, I hate you," says Sam. "Never speak to me again."
"I don't think he's..." Cas starts to protest, but Dean meets him with a sideways look and he sighs. "Well, all right. Maybe a little."
Cas wipes his eyes, annoyed. "I can't believe this," he says. "I've been human twice now, and I didn't weep once either time. Not once."
That just leaves one left in this bunker, running around like a rat in a maze. Dean senses Cas's failing grace in the storage room, where the Ma'lak Box used to be. That's been rent to pieces, obviously. But Cas doesn't give up easy; the second Dean walks through the door, Cas jumps him. Cas is weak, but Dean decides to let him get the upper hand, just for kicks. It's fun to play with your food.
," we breathe, speaking in a mockery of Dean's voice. "I never understood what he saw in you. He seems like the type to need a firm hand, and here you are too flaccid to even do the one thing he asked of you. If you had put us in that coffin when you had the chance, none of this would be happening now. I guess that means the honeymoon's over?"
Dean! John said yes to spare him his fate, and instead, because of him, Dean got possessed over and over. The last thing John remembers, though, is Dean being alive. John swallows, trying to get his mouth back in working order. "Where is Dean? Is he all right?" He coughs again. "How am I even...alive?"
"Something I heard when I was downstairs." Dad says that part point blank, because he never did feel the need to dance around delicate subjects. Facts are facts: he went to Hell for Dean, and he expects his sons to know that by now, since they also saw him crawl back out. Doesn't stop the acknowledgement from rocking Dean back in his seat. "Someone told me you made a deal, Dean."
