Eileen puts a hand on his knee, forcing him to stop fidgeting.  “Dean, it’ll be fun.  Trickster’s always has great music.  And cheap drinks.”
Dean’s pulled from his panic spiral by the sound of his music cue, and gets ready to ‘rescue’ Michael from being fake-beaten up.
gets old.
“You wanted to see me?”
Cas’s eyes go wide, and he starts frantically packing his stuff away, yanking his phone from the cord and shoving it into his bag.  It doesn’t take a mind reader to see the horror and regret set in; the realisation that he’s got to go teach at some yuppy mom-yoga class while covered in sweat and salt and with a blood alcohol level of Too Many.
I’m sorry.
“Well, with your love life…”
Dean snickers into the back of Michael’s neck, beginning to move as Garth calls for them to get started.  Despite the close quarters, it’s easier to thrust like this, and their combined weight rocks the car even more than before, to the point that Dean’s almost worried they may break the damn thing and incur the wrath of the crew.
There’s a pregnant pause before anyone decides to take the plunge.
“More worried you’ll run away from me again.”
Dean groans.  “Stop trying to make Re-zoom-ion happen.  It’s not gonna happen.”
Dean is lost for words.  That...hadn’t been an angle he’d considered.
With barely a sound, Dean sighed out his orgasm as his cock dribbled his release over his abdomen, jerking with the aftershocks.  Once he seemed to have melted completely into the mattress, Castiel carefully –
Sam sighs.  “Give it a rest, Dean.”
“Good.  Now get out of my sight before I shake you.”
too much.  But fuck, he can’t resist even though he knows he ought to.  There’s no way Cas won’t regret this, but Dean’s too selfish to say no.
“Educated and evidence-based conclusions, rather than assumptions.  Perhaps I’ll discover I’ve misread you.  Believe me,” Cas smirks.  “I’d love to be proven wrong.”
How about you?
Any relaxation Cas had managed to achieve in Dean’s posture has gone straight out the window.  Who the fuck does this guy think he is?
Sunday morning.  It’s actually Valentine’s Day.  And Dean’s been hiding in his room like a total coward since he retreated to his room last night.  He’s not mad at Charlie like he expected to be, just pissed at himself that he’s too much of a fool to tell his best friend how he really feels about him, and apparently not enough of an adult to have a mature conversation with aforementioned best friend about those feelings now that the cat’s out of the bag.
Dean’s blood goes hot and cold in quick succession.  It’s a feeling he recognizes all too well: the sick feeling of being a disappointment and a failure.
Dean had been wandering around the house for days, wondering where it was coming from.  Had one of his housemates got a new detergent or something??  It didn’t smell like detergent though, it just smelled…good.
“Of course.  My name is Castiel.”
Dean grimaces.  “Was this on the curriculum at teacher training college?”
“Don’t worry baby, I’ll be thinking of you the whole time.”
Dean smiles weakly at her.  “You always know the way to my heart.  Sure you don’t want to ditch the Samsquatch and set up with the correct brother this time?”
“No, please, Dean.  I’ve been extremely unprofessional, and I shouldn’t have let personal feelings get in the way of my work.”
.  He grabbed a pressed shirt and suit jacket from the half-empty wardrobe, hangers clattering to the floor, and pulled a tie from a drawer almost as an afterthought before dashing up the stairs to his computer.  His hair was undoubtedly a mess, but besides that, at least his visible half looked somewhat presentable.
hey jimmy
have anything to worry about, if he’s to stay in the role.
.  But it’s hard not to when Cas is just standing there, that curious expression on his face.  He pictures instead that sharp tongue on his own skin, being held in place as Cas— god, he really needs to stop thinking about this before things get awkward.
“Shut up, I know what you look like hungover.  And you absolutely reek, too.”  She pulls a face.  “How much did you put away to still be sweating it out twelve hours later?”
Dean watches Cas close his bedroom door, then follows suit and retreats into his own room, face hurting from smiling.
It was already a weird time to be starting a new job.  Castiel knew that.  Taking on a teaching position halfway through the academic year?
Dean turns his face towards Cas’s, wordlessly asking for another kiss.  Cas obliges, licking into Dean’s mouth.  Pulling back a little, Cas begins kissing down Dean’s chest and stomach as he slides his boxers down his legs, revealing his leaking cock.  Dean pulls at his own hair, trying to ground himself.  Cas nuzzles down into his thighs, so close Dean can feel his breath on the sensitive skin of his balls.  His cock twitches, as if straining towards Cas.
.  Your technique is not in question here.  No; you will instead be learning Latin dance - Salsa, Tango, and the like - to loosen up your movements, which will help with Bourne’s choreography style.”
trying.  Can you
I want to taste your skin
“Hey there, gang, can we take a moment for notes?”
“Anything for my favorite customer,” said Dean with a wink, turning up the charm for all the good it would do.  He just couldn’t help himself; that blush would be the death of him.
, and it’s taking everything in him to override the impulse to keep Cas a generous arm’s length away.
Cas is here.
Nothing could stop him from getting his life together now.
“What is this coaching gonna do that Naomi herself can’t?  Or Garth?”
With that, Cas stops waiting for Dean to get with the programme, and grabs his hand.  He pulls Dean to the centre of the floor, and Dean looks around surreptitiously at the peering diners.  It’s a Thursday, so the restaurant’s pretty empty at least.  Not too many people there to judge or mock.  Maybe this will be okay.
“This is the part where Luca is flirting with Rita, and then pushes her away to kiss Angelo.  Does that refresh your memory sufficiently?”
“If you need help coming up with an excuse, all those plants won’t water themselves.”
“Wow, rude.  Who wouldn’t want some of this?”
Dean grimaces at her.  “It’s not like that.  It’s just— he just fucking
“Sorry, sorry.”  Dean shuffles back in towards Cas, trying to ignore his clammy palms.
just seems like the kind of thing yr meant to say
Like,
Most definitely dead.
He reached down to relieve the building ache in his cock, pulling at his balls to stave off his impending orgasm.  Jesus, he was already so worked up.  If he wasn’t careful, this was going to be over in an embarrassingly short time.
Cas remained silent, considering.  Dean’s nerves couldn’t bear the stress.
Cas, ever the professional, persists, but there’s no disguising his irritation by the end of the lesson, and it only builds on Dean’s own self-loathing and frustration.  He’s never going to get this.
The men’s faces are twisted in ugly laughter.
“Wait.  Hold up.  You know I sent those?”
“How was class?”
And it really has been a hell of a week.  Once Dean’s ears have stopped ringing from the monumental
I brought you pie.  What crawled up your ass and died?”
Dean looks at Cas, who is already looking back at him, wide-eyed.  Shit, this wasn’t supposed to be how Cas found out.  And now he’s gonna be weird about it.
to closeted men who haven’t—”  Cas grimaces as he visibly searches for a non-offensive way to express his thoughts.  “Haven’t had the opportunity to—”
Yes, actually!  For once I have plans!  It’s a miracle.
Cas nods.  “NYC is also not conducive to a relaxed lifestyle.  How about you?  Where did you train?”
Dean attempts to connect this statement with anything that would make it make sense in the context of their lessons.  Then it dawns on him.
.  A pair of satin bunny ears on a headband, unmistakably playboy bunny-style.  It was nothing short of a miracle.  A gift from the gods, if you will.  And as an older brother, it was his solemn duty to absolutely ruin all positive associations Sam could possibly have had with these ears.
Before they can reset, Dean grabs Michael’s face and kisses him hard, and is kinda proud when he steps back to see Michael looking like someone had struck him with a plank.  His fingers twitch at his sides as he resists the urge to touch his lips, as if they would feel different somehow.  Before and after.
“Careful Cas, you just admitted to enjoying teaching me.”
Tears leaked from Dean’s eyes, but before Castiel could panic and withdraw he spat the tie from his mouth.
Dean gapes in faux-horror.  “Just because Luca gets around a little—”
“Man, I look like a dollar store Elvis impersonator.  I just can’t do it.”
we met, I knew you’d be like this.  The overcompensating, the posturing…”  Cas scrubs a hand over his face.  “I should have known better.  I don’t deserve this, and I don’t have to put up with this, certainly not from you.”
Cas seems to have perked up a little.  Jeez, how bored does a guy have to be to want to go to his roommate’s high school reunion?
“Papitos?  On Hayes?  They have this fucking amazing shrimp thing—”
Cas rubbed the back of his neck.  “Partially…but I’d like something a little different, too.”
Michael’s back is warm and solid against Dean’s chest, and the sensations take him right back to
“Uh, lemme check… what are you getting so jumpy about anyway?  It’s still a week away, isn’t it?”
“I don’t-- what--”
Dean wants to run and hide, wants to hear it over and over again, can’t do anything about either of those things and just moans brokenly, gripping Cas’s shoulder so tightly he feels the seams of his shirt begin to give.  Cas bites and sucks a mark into Dean’s inner thigh, massaging his cock, the combined pleasure and pain overwhelming Dean beyond coherence.  Cas licks a stripe up his shaft and swallows him down again, lips and tongue so hot and wet and so fucking
The great news is that the card didn’t come with any free neon signs.
Dean shrugs uncooperatively.
didn’t comply with the relevant ecological standards, and that Cas hoped he had plans to replace it soon, and--
Cas’s anxious expression turns into a glare.
It was a good dilemma, in theory.  There were worse problems to have.
Cas, thankfully, doesn’t seem to be caught by the same feeling of cold feet.
“As long as it’s not the weird eighties one again, sure.  Or any of season 2.”
“Well, how about that, that was…” Dean isn’t sure where he’s going with this, but he just keeps moving.  Unplug the Fire stick, unplug the webcam, try not to trip over the cables--
He mustered all his energy to reach his phone from the bedside table and texted Gabriel.
Dean watches numbly as Michael walks over to Anna, who’s waiting by the door.  She asks him something, but it’s inaudible from this distance.  Michael shrugs in response, and Dean looks away quickly as Anna turns her gaze on him.
“What about Cas?”
Cas looked like he was about to pass out, his voice barely audible, but Dean ploughed on.  He had to know for sure.
There’s something about having your dweeby repetiteur leaning into the fake-car where you’re fake-screwing a colleague, that’s even more awkward than fake-screwing a colleague in the first place.  Dean instinctively raises his hands like he’s on the unfriendly end of a gun, then lowers them as soon as he catches himself doing it, turning it into a weird scratch-and-stretch combo. Michael looks up from his prone position, expression similarly uncomfortable.
“You know, if you wanted to blow off some steam…”
Dean felt all his blood rush to his face.  Whatever response he had expected, it wasn’t that.  But Jimmy apparently wasn’t done typing.
“We’re going to take a wee break.  Everyone be back in fifteen minutes.”
Cas looks down at his coffee.  Fuck it, Dean tried, and he understands that Cas doesn’t want to talk to him any further.  Dean stands, preparing to leave despite the near-full coffee mug on the table.
Cas - Jimmy -
Dean insists on settling the bill —
...Except, ok, it has totally turned into a thing now.  Maybe it had gotten a little addictive watching Cas’s stupid pretty face light up on a Saturday, hearing the little
You’re not still sending him cringy love notes, are you?”
But on his return, it really did seem like he’d have to do something soon, otherwise he was going to completely lose the will to live.  Grindr would, at least, weed out a large proportion of his students from the demographic.  And it wasn’t like he was shy about his sexuality; he’d spent long enough in the closet and wasn’t about to climb back in again in his thirties.
“Hey, Swayze always gets a pass.”
“Don’t catch the ‘rona.”
that follow them down the street.  As he catches up with Cas, he reaches out and touches his arm, but is roughly shaken off.  What the hell is going on?
“It’s fine.”
lol u and yr hugs
The look of mild surprise on Charlie’s face should be offensive, he knows, but it’s not like she hasn’t got a point.
Castiel wrapped himself in his comforter and trudged into the living room to get a fresh coffee and set up the movie on his TV.  He swallowed a couple of Tylenol, then arranged himself in a kind of nest on the couch.  He frowned slightly at his unexpectedly silent phone, and then was smacked in the face with embarrassment.
Cas continues dancing alone as Dean draws away, lost in his own inebriated world.  Before he can be noticed, or before he can change his mind and make more bad choices, Dean hightails it out of the club and hails a cab.  Fuck Sam, he can make his own way home.
“No, you’re right; no cousin of Naomi’s could possibly be hot.”
“How long have you two been talking now?”
“Newsflash, dude, this isn’t anyone’s fave recreational activity.”
“Is he being unreasonable?  Is this helping you at all or just making you feel like crap?  You know you don’t have to take any shit from him if he’s being unprofessional, right?”
“We’re not all grandmas, Sammy.  Don’t wait up.”
“I’m not a hipster.”
And shit, it really has been nearly a year now.  Almost a year since work said
Dean slips quietly out of the bed and gathers his clothes, careful not to wake Cas where he’s snoring softly, and leaves the apartment.
“Uh, hey Cas.”
“Besides, it’s late, I didn’t think you’d still be here — aren’t you teaching at Lisa’s this evening?”
2 yr sick
hey man, happy saturday. u got any plans 2day?
“It takes way more than a couple of months for a murder to turn into a documentary.”
wanted to cheer me up?”
“Hello, Dean.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Come on.  I’m hungry, and Gabe’s only got alcohol and shitty peanuts behind the bar.”
“That’s quite the selection,” said Thighs, with a voice that sent Dean’s mind straight to the gutter.  Holy shit.  If this dude recorded erotica for a living, he’d be a millionaire within days.  “Could I please have a regular flat white and...hmm.  And a ‘six feet, motherfucker’ croissant.”
“Hey, I’m gonna go rescue some of the perishables from P&V. Do you need anything while I’m out?”
“Hi, Cas.”
– removed his hand and wiped it on the towel, flopping down to lie next to Dean.  He buried his face in Dean’s neck and gently cleaned him up with the edge of the towel, feeling dazed and wobbly.
“Dean?”
It’s possible that Dean underestimated how much it would bother him.
host? can be there in 5
do u have soup?
“Y’know, thighs like hams. He’s been by a couple of times, actually.” Dean said, with what was definitely an excellent impression of nonchalance that would convince everybody.
“I have joined the hallowed ranks of people who’ve made out with Dean Winchester.  Don’t downplay this moment for me.”
“‘S got your name on it.”
“No, don’t leave it there, Adam’ll trip over it when he comes up, and then there’ll be paperwork, and then Rowena will kill all of us.”
Before he could overthink it, he opened Grindr and sent one of the pictures to Jimmy, with the caption “happy easter ;)”.
“A little!”  Bela laughs, cutting him off.  “Luca would fuck anything that moved.  You’ve got that in common.”
, it’ll be a nice contrast.  Oh!  And…”  Cas fully drifts off into his own little dancing world.  Dean hopes it’s nice there.
, the slick sounds making Dean’s skin fizz as if desperately trying to gear up for round two.
No, fuck, don’t think about it.  Dance belts are designed to smooth out any, er, details, but they do fuck all to hide an inappropriate hard on.  He can already feel the heat rushing between his legs, the heightened sensation of the seam pressing against the flesh of his dick.  This can’t happen.  What if Michael sees?  What if anyone else sees?
Despite himself, Dean has to laugh at that.  “Well you’re not exactly painful to look at, buddy.”
Dean’s packing up all his crap at the end of the rehearsal, when Michael walks casually up to him.  A little too casually.
This train of thought is interrupted as Charlie is called up to join the rest of the dancers for the first full ensemble scene.  Dean stands to the side, running through his entry in his head, and trying not to get too distracted by his colleagues practically throwing a party in front of him.  Rowena hadn’t been kidding about the style of this ballet being different to their usual fare.  Ok, show time.
“No need to look so worried!  We just wanna make a couple of little changes to the blocking of this part right here.”
“You’re taking me to lunch.  Gilda’s on tour and I’m lonely.”
Dean flinches a little as Cas yells right in his ear.
“You’ve worked extremely hard over the last few weeks, and I’ve been very tough on you.  I think we should celebrate.  How do you feel about steak?”
He extricated himself from Charlie’s room and she slammed the door behind him.
“Dean.”  Cas pleads.  “You are a good man.  I like you, and I like spending time with you.  I hoped —
They move slowly towards the centre of the room.  Dean feels like a dork, like some loser at a middle school dance.  Without direction, without rules, it’s like he doesn’t know what to do with his feet.  He shuffles awkwardly, swaying slightly as Cas pulls at his arms.
Sam sighed from the depths of his stupid hair. “Look at this.”
“Well, I was a little surprised by your reaction to Charlie’s misunderstanding on the Zoom call, but then it started to make sense, after all you’ve been sending me those sweet cards all year, and--”
This would be his opportunity to put down some roots, to really get involved in the community, and to be the perfect neighbor.  Nobody here would have any preconceptions about him, and he could create the life he wanted.  Castiel smiled to himself at the thought.
“I dunno, I don’t want to bore him with a bunch of sucky people he doesn’t even know.  But it’s not like he has other plans, thanks ‘rona.  Depends if he’s pissed with me, I guess?  He’s been a bit funny today since the mail came.”
“Do you want the list in alphabetical order or by cost?”
“...Steak?”
Sam’s eye roll was somehow visible even with his back to Dean.  “That wasn’t what I meant and you know it.”
,” is the only response from Cas’s side of the bed.  Dean should’ve guessed he’d be even more of a grumpy fuck when he’s tired.  For some reason, the thought makes him smile.
There are worse people to be stuck with during a lockdown.  They’ve always got along pretty well as roommates, right from the day they both moved into the same college dorm years ago.  Cas hadn’t even let Dean get in a “hello” before launching into some kind of thesis about the importance of bees to the local environment, and how Dean’s shower gel
.  Dean and Michael are both laughing as Dean moves Michael’s hands in a parody of boxing, chest pressed to his back.
he’d gotten from Charlie, everything’s just...normal.  Granted, there’s not a whole lot that can change while you’re both trapped indoors together for the foreseeable future, but also they’ve always been close.  Always had this easy companionship; sitting shoulder-to-shoulder as they work during the day, and curling up together on the couch at the end of the day to bicker over who has more of a death wish: Chip Gainess or Tad from
Dean gapes.  How can he even respond to that?  Cas’s expression smooths out, and he holds up a hand and backs off.
If I get one more message asking me to do something anatomically improbable, I can’t promise I won’t commit homicide.
“Obviously I’m going to choose door number two, Monty.  Don’t avoid the question.  You’re emoting like a real boy.  Why?”
Cas barks out a humourless laugh.  “From the
Cas’s expression is full of fury, but it also looks like his eyes are filling with tears.
Never let it be said that Dean was slow on the uptake.  He pulled Cas’s hand away from his mouth, interlacing their fingers.  “You mean… you wanted this to happen?  Wanted me?”
Dean attempts to keep the sullenness off his face and out of his voice.
“No, I was working.”
Dean is startled out of his manpain —
I’m sorry, please ignore that, I know this isn’t a date.  I blame the fever.
“Is that the voice of experience talking?”
Dean lets out a slightly hysterical giggle.  He shouldn’t want Cas.
Cas raises an eyebrow.  “Nor does Naomi, and I know you’re familiar with her.”  He sighs.  “It
“Dude, buddy, no.  It’s just…”  Dean’s brow furrows in consternation.  “I’m not gay.”
Cas listens for a sec, and his face slowly spreads into a smile.
You were right about the soup
“That was...uh…”
Dean tries to loosen up as he makes his way across the stage, eyes on Bela.  Wait— Lana.
“Dean, you’re a dancer.  I understand that this is difficult for you, but you can’t afford personal space.”
“Would you…”  Deep breath, Dean.  “Would you like a hug with that pie?”
“Shut up.”
you do this.  You need to snap out of whatever this phase is, and get back to it.  You’re still having lessons with Castiel, correct?”
“Of course.  As if I would miss the opportunity to confirm IRL what my magnificent hacker skillz have already told me.”
Sam scrolled back through a short video clip, showing a brief flash of color and coming to rest on a still of a zoom lecture, an unfamiliar (and extremely cute) bed-headed man taking up most of the screen. Then, Sam pressed play, and Dean’s brain spat its own metaphorical coffee over a metaphorical keyboard.
Dean studies Cas’s face.  Why is he acting like everything is normal?
Dean hefts his bag over one shoulder, and throws a trademark Dean Winchester wink behind him as he leaves, despite the fact he knows Cas doesn’t like him one bit.
“The movement isn’t coming over well.  Can you exaggerate it further so we can really see the car moving?”
dont be sorry
Dean fumbles for an excuse, but Cas isn’t having any of it.
“Yes, Director.”
u still up to be educated in all things star wars?
“You certainly have the technical ability to perform the role, there’s no doubting that.  Anything else can be dealt with by coaching and rehearsing.  It may just take more work than you’re used to.”
Cas just shook his head and held tightly onto his lover.  “This is all I need.”
its cool
“Are you going to help me unpack, or are you just going to stuff yourself with sugar?”
As he wallows in his entirely self-induced misery, there’s a soft knock on his bedroom door, and an envelope slides under it.  Dean scowls.  What?  Is Cas gonna yell at him via snail mail?  Is this just to tell him he’s moving out to live with someone more functional and well-adjusted?
Dean rolled his eyes. “Thanks
As of the start of June, people from two different households had been allowed to meet, at a safe distance.  It was the perfect chance to get to know one or other of them on a more equal footing.  The neighborhood was full of parks, and they were minutes from the coast.  It was ideal date material.  Once he’d decided who to take a chance on, that was.
Next problem: his usual online handles were out of the question.  ‘Castiel’ wasn’t exactly a common name, and even his initials could be a giveaway.  He’d used AngelofThursday in the past, but even that would be too revealing with a quick Google.  In the end he went with a diminutive of his middle name, and added his birth year in the hope of fending off anyone significantly younger or older.  Listen, nobody had ever accused Castiel of being imaginative.
but prepare yourself bc tomorrow we r gonna watch the first 6
Dean rubs his forehead with his free hand.  Nothing is making any sense.  “Why are you giving me this?”
, said a snide voice in his head.
“It’s...it’s a card.”
“He might feel more comfortable if he knows for sure you’re not straight, Dean.”
You don’t have to be some kind of party animal to agree that lockdown fucking sucks.  Granted, chronic staying-home sucks less than catching the ‘rona and ending up with a medical bill that would make Jeff Bezos wince, but it’s still not in Dean’s Top Ten Ways To Spend A Year.
at Trickster’s and dancing with Cas.  The sensation of a strong body against his, his fingers digging into meaty hips, the tickle of dark hair against his nose — it’s overwhelming.  He knows this is just work;
“Dean, wait.”
This doesn’t seem to remove the confusion, and Cas’s frown deepens.  “I’m hot?”
“Bossy,” Dean teases breathlessly, though he’s hardly complaining.  “Maybe we should have gone with you leading.”
half-naked, covered in pilfered liquor.  Dean waves him off.  “Don’t worry, you get gone.  I’ll clean everything up and be out of Gabe’s hair in no time.”
Castiel took a deep breath, and pressed the ‘download’ button for Grindr.
guess u spent a long time working on yours
Would you let me eat you out?
“Don’t push your luck.”
“No?  So tell me, Dean, are you a
They’re both saved by the arrival of Eileen, who’s squinting suspiciously at them as she comes in.  Dean hurriedly removes his leg from the countertop and plasters on a winning smile.
There was an awkward pause while Castiel beat the technology into submission and wrangled the students into breakout rooms.  Task complete, he switched off his camera and mic, let his head flop onto his desk, and heaved a heavy sigh.  It was going to be a long quarter.
“Yeah, she can’t smell it either.”
It wasn’t an outright rejection per se, but if Jimmy was making social plans, and hadn’t thought about meeting up with Dean at all, it gave him a pretty clear picture of his place in Jimmy’s life.
Charlie huffs.  “I’m well aware of that.”
Perhaps he was shy.  That was Charlie’s initial thought, at least.  She kept sneaking mini bisexual flags onto Dean’s person when she expected Cas to be around, as some kind of gay bat signal.
“So, I was wondering…”
of paper as another envelope hits the floor.  The
“…something they referred to as
Cas also pulls his own t-shirt off over his head, mussing his hair even more than usual and also revealing an outrageous figure that makes Dean’s jaw drop.  Thankfully, he then bends to roll the legs of his sweats up to his knees, which makes Dean snort a laugh.  What a fucking nerd.
“Is that supposed to make it sound better?!”
He scrapes together every bit of concentration he can muster, and goes through the movements he’s now watched and practised a thousand times.  There’s no chatter as the others watch him, just the sound of the piano and the thud of his own feet as he flies across the floor.
“Shit’s still gotta be cleaned, Sammy.”
“It’s not that, I just, um…” Dean felt almost dizzy, drawing deep breaths to get as much of the scent as possible.  He became faintly aware that he was on his way to sporting the most inappropriate boner of his life.  Christ, why was he such a creep?  No wonder Cas didn’t want him.
“Promises, promises.”
Dean glances at him momentarily before returning to his bag.  “Hey.”  Shit, where’d he leave his water bottle?
Cas is three sheets to the fucking wind, swaying ever so slightly — Dean can’t tell if that’s the drink or if it’s just very bad dancing.  He’s determinedly not thinking of this whole grown-ass man as adorable.
Michael laughs again, but stops short when he realizes Dean hasn’t joined in.  He actually has the audacity to look surprised.
Cas groans and redoubles his efforts, hands squeezing Dean’s hips and ass as if to pull him in further, and Dean can’t hold back any longer.  His voice breaks on a cry and his toes curl in the sheets as he comes hard down Cas’s willing throat.
Ok, so it would be disingenuous to say he’s surprised.  He fucked up.  He knows he did.  But he just thought — no,
“Not if I--”
more than ok
Cas’s easy laugh does nothing to remedy Dean’s confusion.
Fuck, no, he shouldn’t be thinking like this.  He doesn’t even understand where it’s coming from.  He’s not blind; he can acknowledge that Cas is hot — as is Michael, for that matter — but that’s a hell of a long way from
Dean tries to muster the energy to protest, but he can only nod weakly.  He knows he hasn’t been on top form in rehearsals, and wouldn’t blame them for calling in an understudy.  Rowena’s stance softens slightly.
Dean hangs his head.  How is this his life?
“Where am I taking you?”
“What?”
While I do appreciate the offer, that’s not really what I’m here for.
“You don’t have to if you don’t want to.  But...” his hand slides down Dean’s chest as he takes a breath.  “I would like it very much.”
Dean can’t hide his relief when the cue comes for them to stop and exit the car.  He trembles slightly as he strides round the car, and he can’t pretend he doesn’t overstep when Luca kisses Angelo.  He’s right up against Michael and a lot of his frustration must pour out into the kiss.  He expects to hear hollering but nobody says anything, which for some reason doesn’t reassure him.  He doesn’t look at Michael as he practically runs from the stage.
“Good?”
The music changes again as Bela’s solo begins, Lana trying to draw Luca’s attention.  Someone in the corps wolf-whistles, and the directors laugh.  Dean leans back against the car’s hood, watching her dance.  He’s gotta admit, it’s kind of hot having this many people vying for his attention, even if it’s just acting.  It’s even better when he gets to act totally unaffected by Bela’s efforts, Lana’s face falling as she reconsiders her plans to seduce Luca.  On the other hand, watching her
She glides away in that weird way she has that makes her look like she’s on castors.  Christ, he’s already a jumpy mess, and now he’s got to do
.  If he does, and he’s never brought it up, then he must not be interested.  Right?
The headache the next morning is just the cherry on top of the whole thing.  He feels like he might actually die in Naomi’s first class.  Charlie pinches his side while Naomi’s eyes are averted.
“And ‘nerd who didn’t meet their high school potential’, unless we can’t count her for both that and ‘pyramid scheme’”
The lobby is uncharacteristically busy for the time of day, the building usually near-deserted by the time Dean’s class lets out, everyone already out refueling for the afternoon sessions.  With height on his side amongst a swarm of diminutive ballerinas, Dean cranes his neck to see what’s drawing everyone’s attention.
Charlie pulled his hands away from his face.  “You didn’t tell me, remember?  I told you.
“No,” Dean hisses, a little too loudly, prompting a glare from Naomi.  “No.  Shut up.”
I won’t stop.  I want to worship every inch of you with my tongue.  Do you want that?
Dean’s ears ring.  He drops his coffee as he hurls himself at the assholes, with no real plan beyond making them hurt.  He shoves at the spitter until his head bounces off the brick wall behind him, but the guy’s friend hauls him off by the waist and gets a punch in.  Dean’s face burns with pain and fury.  He spits out the blood accumulating in his mouth.
“Yeah, well, I bet it’s a great move with the ladies.”
“Uh, I dunno, it’s usually earlier than this, right?”
Mercifully, Cas interrupts his awkward stumbling, though he doesn’t make Dean any more comfortable.  “As two men, this will be a non-traditional setup, I grant you.  But don’t worry, you will be leading, so you get to preserve your fragile masculinity.”
Trickster’s looks...well, it looks kind of gross from the outside.  Gross for a dance studio, anyway, but pretty typical for a nightclub.  Dean flicks at the corner of a peeling poster announcing “
Dean pictures himself licking salt from Cas’s collar bones, from his abs, lower—
yr off to a hell of a start
His brother pulled a face.  “Yeah, yeah.  Don’t think I won’t collect on those dinners.”
“I think you’re great.  Honestly, you’ve become one of my best friends.”
i ment downstairs
“Good thinking.  Hey, do you know if the mail has come yet today?”
He lay spread-eagled on the bed, chest heaving, rendered immobile by Castiel’s left hand on his hip and the steady slide of the fingers of his right hand entering him.  The makeshift gag of Castiel’s tie filling his mouth muffled any sounds he made.
Dean ignores this with great dignity.
“Uh, yeah?  It says ‘you’re so hot, someone is probably using your pictures to catfish people’.  That seems pretty complimentary to me?”
Dean deposits the cups on the table and slides into the seat opposite Cas, throat tight and palms clammy.  He’s not going to get a second chance at this.
One of the guys spits at Dean’s feet, a challenge in his eyes.  “Pair of fucking queers, keep it to yourselves.”
“Dean.  I love you, but you’ve got to chill out bout Cas.  Besides,” she grinned.  “You’re not exactly subtle with your little crush, so if he hasn’t run away screaming already, I highly doubt he’s going to.”
It’s barely a question, and the dude doesn’t even turn to look at Dean as he asks.
“Wow, you two are already making me nauseous.” she greets them, beaming.
Cas practically bounces back to the table, eyes gleaming, and holds his hand out to Dean.  Dean just looks at it.
“No problem.”  Dean tried to clear the lump from his throat, and turned to grab a mug.  “Whose birthday is it?”
“Ok, so...you knew?  The whole time?”  Cas is staring at him like he’s got two heads.  Which isn’t that unreasonable, if Dean’s honest with himself.  “And...you were okay with that?”
Dean sits up straight.  This is news.  What happened to sneering at uptight ‘ballet boys’?  Cas’s expression is carefully neutral, but Dean gets the impression there’s more to the story.
After one particularly gruelling class, though, Cas surprises him.
But god, he does.
, must have just been due to proximity and alcohol.  He could have been dancing with anyone, it wasn’t about Dean.  And that’s fine.  Dean knows how to keep professional distance.
It’s not enough though, it turns out, because Cas lets out an impatient sigh and strides over to Dean, getting right up in his space.  Dean instinctively steps back — an angry-looking, six foot, stacked dude making a beeline for him usually means he’s T-minus 10 minutes from a trip to the ER and a revised facial bone structure.  A solid hand on his shoulder prevents his escape, and Dean feels a shiver run through him despite the warmth of the room.
.  You’re so- it’s so
Sam squinted up from his book. “New guy?”
“Forget lunch, you need to go see the Director.  But you’d better tell me all about it after.  Ok?”
Cas snorts and turns back to the list, sweeping a few crumbs off one corner.
Rowena looks at him intently, and Dean forces himself to maintain eye contact.
Deans eyes closed again before he finally looked fully at Castiel.  He made another noise that might have been “
“Come on Dean, I know you can swagger more than that, I’ve seen you outside rehearsal.”
Dean takes a swig from his water bottle as he idly stretches into a
Thank you so much for joining me and the boys in this bonkers AU <3
They reset to the point where Dean climbs down from the table, and once again he backs Anna up to the table-pretending-to-be-a-car where Michael is waiting for them.  Stepping around Anna, Dean tentatively and quickly kisses Michael, mostly missing his mouth completely.  He hears tuts from the background.  Garth is already giving notes as he approaches.  Goddammit.
“This won’t be typical ballet coaching, nor will it replace the work you will do with Benny or Garth as
“Dean, this is the perfect opportunity for you to try performing this in front of people!”
Cas laughs.  It’s only small, but it’s there, and it relieves some of Dean’s residual tension about getting off on the wrong foot earlier.  “Collins, actually.  You’d be amazed how much more seriously you get taken with a Russian surname, even outside of the ballet world.”
Even though he knows it’s not what Sam means, the wording makes Dean curl in on himself even further.
Dean turned his head to the side – classic evasion, the only attempt he could make at the moment at escaping the uncomfortable compliment.  Cas saw his teeth clench around the damp tie as his eyes closed.  He kissed the inside of Dean’s knee, not letting up with his fingers.  They were up to four now, the most Dean had ever taken at once.  Castiel’s movements were more of a gentle push and tug than aggressive fucking, gently but firmly creating space for what was coming next.  He pulled out almost entirely, adding yet more lube, and slid slowly back in.
“Was that alright?”
“I wasn’t scrawny,” he mutters, folding his arms.
Dean swallowed down his disappointment.  Oh.
Sam snorted. “No kidding.”
Sam kept on looking.
Startlingly blue eyes flash up to his, set in an expression that clearly reads
It’s not a bit like rehearsals at Averno.  Maybe Dean’s becoming a snob in his old age, after so many years of dancing with live music (a rickety piano in the studio at least, and a full orchestra for performances) but there’s something especially grim about artificial midi tracks.  Even a club-standard sound system can’t do anything to make them sound less mechanical and grating.  They do the job, though, and that job is keeping time while Dean fails his way through the various steps and exercises.
And there was another part of the problem.
for the inspiration, to the wondrous
“Yes,” Dean grits out.  “Yes, please, Cas.  Touch me.”
“Dean, you’re a professional dancer.  You dance in front of people all the time.”
“Hey there, welcome to Pie & Vinyl!” said the woman, beaming at him.  There was a muffled and inexplicable “
“You fucked up, you know you fucked up,
That was that then.  Dean forced himself to reply before setting off for P&V.
Is that what you want, beautiful boy?  You want to come with my tongue in your ass?
Dean vacates the stage for the corps to take up their opening positions, and catches Rowena just watching him.  He’s not sure what her expression is supposed to mean, but he’s pretty sure he doesn’t like it.  He shakes out his arms and stretches his neck, trying to get back into a
My apologies for the angst.  You had the misfortune of getting me at the end of a very long day.
By the time he’d fully settled into his first lecture, it was almost over, and he vowed never to try to teach pre-caffeine ever again.  Freshmen were challenging enough when they were familiar and encountered on a full tank of coffee – teaching a new class with insufficient chemical preparation was nothing short of Sisyphean.  First class dismissed, Castiel traipsed downstairs to fuel up.  He would need to wake up properly before dragging the next group through two hours of multilingualism in antiquity.  The last thing he needed was to make some kind of stupid mistake in front of his new students on his first day.
card design that had made him feel all gooey, that had been undeniably and unapologetically a statement of romantic intention, and that he’d absolutely completely chickened out of at the last minute.  It’s the first Saturday all year that Cas won’t be getting an anonymous card to cheer him up.  Because Dean is an emotionally-constipated wimp.
He becomes more aware of the chatter around him, equal parts delighted and devastated.  Nothing out of the ordinary for casting day.  A couple of hands clap him on the back.  He looks around for Charlie and finds her dithering a short way behind him; his face must show some of his shock because she pulls him from the crowd and grabs his face in both hands.
Bela scoffs, and Garth claps his hands together to get everyone’s attention.
“Apologies, I got carried away.  Especially since this is just meant to be about modifying your ballet style, not about making you a Latin & ballroom champion.”  Cas looks slightly abashed, and there’s something about this tiny sliver of vulnerability, a peek behind the concrete curtain, that draws Dean in.
A glimpse of red hair to rival Charlie’s gives away the Director’s presence at the centre of the gaggle.
Cas cups his free hand over the head of his cock to catch the come as it pulses out of him.  Dean’s equal parts disappointed and relieved that Cas didn’t come all over him.  Cas makes a disgusted sound and grabs a tissue from a box on the bedside table.  He scrubs at his hand, then tosses the soiled tissue over the side of the bed before collapsing onto the mattress.
“Oh, my god.  You’re both idiots and you deserve each other.”
He doesn’t make it out of bed on Saturday, either.  Not even when Sam knocks on his door mid-afternoon.
“Heck no, not a problem exactly, we just would like to test out a couple options.”
.   Dropping everything and moving to the other side of the country had never been in the Official Long-Term Plan, but after his predecessor had been ‘strongly advised’ to take an immediate sabbatical following some questionable life choices, it had seemed like the perfect opportunity.  Granted, moving from Chicago when the weather was grey, damp, and barely out of the 30s, to San Diego where he would actually have to think about investing in an AC unit and some climate-appropriate workwear, was a pretty extreme change.  But he had no ties left in Chicago anymore, and given his situation, nobody was going to offer him tenure any time soon.  So, he had jumped.
The man makes a faux-offended face.  “This is my club!  I have a business to run!”
but maybe this is a convo 4 when yr not at deaths door
“Charlie,” hisses Dean.  “It’s the list.”
Dean ignores him and leans further into the stretch.
Cas got up in his space and cut him off with a hand over his mouth.  “Dean,” he said, tone exasperated but still tense.  “I was hoping…”  His eyes flicked down to Dean’s lips, covered by his own fingers.
“What is it?”
like most people on here
“Dean, you know I love you, but this is getting ridiculous.  And if you don’t tell him it’s you sending the cards, I will.”
The lesson passes in a haze of unfamiliar steps, uncomfortable proximity, and counting, counting counting.  Cas picks at his every movement, which does not a damn thing to help with the whole ‘relax’ shit that he was pushing earlier.  The counting is at least a lifeline Dean can cling to in order to distract from his lingering weirdness left over from rehearsals earlier.  Some traitorous part of his brain that sounds like his father is saying
Dean flushes as Cas reaches his hips, bypassing the little bit of tummy he’s never quite been able to shift.  This is a far cry from Pam sneaking up behind him and pulling his abs up and in to improve his posture, and he feels self-conscious.  Somehow, this feels even more exposing than having fake-sex with a coworker in front of a dozen other people.  He takes a deliberate, steady breath.
Sam is stunned into silence for a moment, then claps Dean on the back.
She huffed at him.  “Well, can you blame me for worrying?  My roomie’s having smell-hallucinations.  Smellucinations.  Whatever.”  Dean snorted.  “Have you asked Jo?”
Another voice unmuted just long enough to say “Nice undies, teach!” before cutting off mid-guffaw.
Dean grunts, unwilling to be drawn into any conversation in which he’d have to actually lie to Cas’s face.  Food.  Dinner is a reliable diversion.  Dean drags himself once more out of the couch and ignores the shabby-chic house dressing taking place on the screen.
happen automatically, muscle memory taking over from conscious thought.  Dean registers gasps from the onlookers as they execute the first
“Nothing ‘til Pam’s class, why?”
of these men.  He needed to make a choice, and he needed to do this properly.
The sound of deep, over-controlled breathing permeates the room as the dancers hold their positions, a light coating of sweat the only indicator of exertion as they maintain the illusion of weightless effortlessness.
“Castiel’s a bit of a mouthful.”
They work through the steps, Cas counting evenly as they go.  They move smoothly around the space, swift feet carrying them forwards and back in unison.  Dean is mesmerized by Cas’s lithe, muscular body, immovably solid yet moving so lightly across the floor.  Despite his best intentions — and he really is trying, goddammit — Dean stalls.  Cas sighs heavily.
“Can I get a little more heat from Luca?”
Dean chugs some water and tries to slow his racing heart.  Nobody seemed to object to their performance.  Nobody yelled at them for being two men, dancing together.  This...simply doesn’t line up with Dean’s expectations, and he’s not sure what to feel.
“‘Sup, Your Grace?”
had a crush on--”
mindset.  He’s supposed to be a professional, dammit.
“Uh huh. So now that you’ve thoroughly cleaned every inch of the place, presumably you have no reason to go back to P&V to see if he comes by again?”
“Oh, uh, can I get your name for your order?” he stuttered, grabbing a paper cup and the sharpie.
“Ah.  Right.  So... you’re a Novak?”
Warning: contains homophobic slurs and some physical violence.  Read with caution <3
“Partner?  Who’s gonna be my partner?”
“Can you at least show me you remember how to tell me to stop if it gets too much?”
i wouldnt complain
“Is that… I mean, that’s not normal, right?”
Dean still can’t find his voice, but nods.  Charlie lets go of his face only to hug him tightly, then shoves him in the direction of Rowena’s office.  He pauses to gather his wits, and feels the first thrill of the news truly sinking in.  He’s going to be a principal dancer in the next Averno production.  This is it.  This is what he’s working towards for the last— god, he doesn’t even know how many years.  Holy shit.
“What do you want?”
Cas smiled devastatingly at him, then took his coffee, pastry, and face away from the café.  When Dean gathered his wits enough to turn back around, Charlie was smirking at him.  Oh no.
unless you regret it??
“And you don’t know anything about the tango.  Let’s make a start on both of those issues at once, shall we?”
“Yeah, so?”  She didn’t stop staring at him, and he cast around for a rebuttal.  “So do you.”
“Nah.” Sam looked up from the computer and fixed Dean with a pointed glare. “And you’re not to do any baking while you’re there, you hear me? This quarantine situation is serious.”
“Oh.”
’.  Dean had cut that out and stuck it on the fridge.  Five stars, fuck yeah it is.
in the living room.  It’s a bit disconcerting that it’s just
“I know.  Eat your pie.”
Cas deflates.  “Right.”
tell me 2 shut up if im bein overbearing
Morning Ranger
Dean would have to confess, though, that he’s surprised at just how hard Cas is taking the whole situation.  His roommate has always been a homebody -- the introverted one of their friendship group.  He likes his own company, and has a downright enviable ability to occupy himself for hours.  But apparently being trapped by a global health crisis doesn’t float his boat any more than it does for anyone else.  Dude is
Fucksake.  Dean looks past Michael at Pamela who’s frowning, hands on hips.  “I’m a dancer, not an actor.”
This app is starting to get to me.
u big?
He untangles himself from his sheets, and grabs the envelope.  There’s nothing on the outside.  Stomach in knots, Dean reluctantly opens it up to see the damage.
not in a weird way obvs
Cas huffs a self-deprecating laugh.  “You think everybody is attractive.”
Before Dean can reply, Cas rushes over to the bar and asks a server to put it back to the beginning.
“Cas” croaked Dean.  “Cas… what is that smell?”
He’d dithered over this one a bit.  Not because of the zombie apocalypse thing -- that bit’s true -- but this is the first one where there’s…  well, the first one with a heart or anything like that on it.  That wasn’t why he’d got it, of course.  Yeah, it had been in the Valentine’s section of the website, but
”  Cas is immediately on him again, grasping at his shirt as he bites his way up Dean’s neck.  The man is like a tornado, and Dean couldn’t resist even if he wanted to.  He can’t formulate thoughts at all, just clings on to Cas’s shirt as he’s steered through the apartment.  With a push, Cas deposits him backwards onto a soft bed.
, Gabe.”
“Sorry, shit, sorry, but you have to see this.”
“Wait, so like, full on Dirty Dancing pool scene?”
You’re absolutely gorgeous.
Charlie had backed off, hands raised.  “Ok, queer Yoda.  Loud and clear.”
Dean bites back a whine.  “Does anyone ever say no to that?”
“At the café? I thought you were still closed?”
I also had hot water with honey, which helped with the coughing.
Dean determinedly keeps his eyes fixed on the TV, only half-watching Chip pulling down siding and getting half of it in his face.  He resolutely does not watch Cas’s expression as he examines the card.
” and steps round an empty beer bottle abandoned on the sidewalk outside the door.  The faded red paint and fake rock walls of the exterior make it look like it hasn’t been a going concern for at least a decade.  Shit, no wonder the guy’s letting the place out for dance coaching — probably barely covers his overheads from nightlife alone.  The storm doors are open, and Dean pushes through the inner doors to the main part of the club.
“Lose the shoes, they’re not going to do you any favours on this floor.”
Cas cringes in sympathy.  “Try living with Gabe.  It’s almost impossible not to interrupt him, and
How are you?
“Shots have also been taken for glow up, glow down, still living in the past… oh, and miscellaneous teacher who invited themselves along.  So, I figure our most likely contender for the next session is… either intimidating over-achiever, or that kid everyone always knew was gay and is now living their truth.”
Dean shuts his mouth and gestures at Cas to continue.
Turns out, a panic spiral is a great way to climb down off the horny ledge.  The music reaches its peak, and Michael flings a hand out against the plastic of the windscreen.  Dean backs out of the car, and strides around to the front, leaving Angelo to climb out of the other side to join him, shocking the unsuspecting audience.
He brushed one dry finger lightly over his hole, filling in the sensation in his mind.  Did Jimmy have a beard?  Would he be rubbing the skin of Dean’s thighs raw as he ate him out?  His cock jerked and dripped onto the covers.
Cas licks a line up Dean’s chest and neck, tongue tracing the path of the wayward alcohol.  Dean grips his head in place, gasping.  There’s no pretending they’re dancing at all at this point.  Their performance track has ended and Cas’s playlist run silent, neither one of them making any move to resetting it, so there’s only the sound of their bare feet on the floor and their laboured breathing.  Dean’s heartbeat is in his ears, and this close he can feel the heat from Cas’s flushed face.  He runs a hand down to Cas’s ass, trying to pull him impossibly closer.
i run my own business
Cas turns around, and casts an appraising glance over Dean.
“We’re upping the cheese factor today.  You know what reggaeton is, right?”
“What are you doing?”
shit dude
Dean shifts uneasily, unsure what to say.  Thankfully, Rowena has plenty enough to say for the both of them.
It’s not that Dean’s not used to hands-on teaching; Pamela and Naomi have never been afraid of manhandling his hips, knees, shoulders,
“Will you keep it down?  They’re not cringy, and they’re not…they’re
Dean digs his water bottle out of his bag and necks half the contents.  It does more to cool his throat than his temper, but it’s always worth a try.  There’s a tense silence as they both regroup, and Dean tries to walk back his anger to something closer to ‘professionally civil’.
“Shut up, it hasn’t been Valentine’s for nearly a whole week.”
that was
let you?
Fuck.
“We— I mean, you’re— who would—”
This is the end, folks.  Hope you've enjoyed the ride!
Dean grudgingly left his comfortable spot on the couch. “If it’s tentacle porn again, I will end you”
But Cas hadn’t picked
Dean guesses this must be Gabriel, then.  Cas’s brother, right?  He and Cas don’t look remotely alike.  But then Dean’s not exactly identical to Sam.  Ugh, Sam.  There’s no better way to ruin the mood and cool off than thinking of your gargantuan little brother.
.  It’s ok though, Dean can salvage this.
.  His eyes are bright, if a little bloodshot, nose scrunched, lips stretched wide in a gummy smile, and Dean—
The man beamed at them, and Dean was captivated by the gummy grin and scrunched nose.  Holy shit, he was turning into a teenage girl.  He was jolted back to reality by Charlie standing on his foot again.
Dean jerks back, feeling someone’s drink slopping over his shoulder as he jostles them.
Crap.  Her tone is chilly to say the least.  He abandons his quest for sustenance, and joins Rowena down in the auditorium.  Her arms are folded across her chest, and her brow is furrowed.
His brain pings a familiarity alarm, and Dean frowns.  When he realizes what it is, he waves a fork at Cas.
Is that you?
When Dean arrives at the address Cas had texted to him, he can’t help but burst out laughing when he sees Cas alone at a table, already neck-deep in bread sticks.  He looks up sheepishly.
Dean ran to his room with the offending item, and locked the door just in time for Sam to throw himself ineffectually at it.
Uggghhhhhhhhh
love notes.”
He slumps back down onto the couch and passes the sleek white envelope to Cas, who frowns slightly.  “Late holiday card?”
Dean blinks.  Talk about information overload.  Not what he’d expected from the guy who was such a dick to him only an hour before.
“And to give you coffee.”
Shit, are you sick too?
Well.  That was not what Dean had expected.  He laughed to himself, some of his tension draining.  What were the odds that the two people he was stupidly attracted to had the same birthday?
a friend set it for me
low effort
Ok, well that at least answers whether or not Cas even remembered that night.  Dean returns to the bar, pours himself another shot, and knocks it back.  He should probably be worried that it goes down easier this time.  With a deep breath, he turns back to Cas.
“I’m trying to get you to incorporate more fluidity into your dance technique, and if drinking is what it takes, so be it.”
ok, if yr sure
Dean sighs.  It’s not the first time he’s heard that he’s too tense.  Too uptight.  More than once, Pamela has physically shaken his arms, complaining that he looks like ‘a brick wall, albeit a pretty one’.
Cas just looks at him, looks down at his plain, ratty shirt, and looks back up.  Dean can feel the judgement and disbelief radiating off Cas, and he desperately resists the urge to dig any further.  Finally Cas takes pity on him, and turns to set up the music.
There’s a thud of something hitting the doormat, and Dean makes himself not react, fixing his eyes on the TV.
“Don’t you get enough time dancing with me when you’re getting paid for it?”
aw. do u need a hug? ;)
Bela sneers at Dean.  “If you’re this much of a prude about a little peck on the lips, I hate to see how you’re gonna handle fucking him in the next scene.”
“We’ll be working towards you being able to perform a complete partner dance by the end of our time together.”
Dean shoves him, careful not to let his hand linger against warm skin any longer than is strictly necessary.  “You were the one who suggested we go straight there!”
“Haven’t sorted their shit out yet, and take it out on the people around them?”
after all.  The whole family’s probably genetically stuck-up and humourless.  Any thoughts that he could coast through this on any level have basically evaporated.
“You— I— no, come on man, none of this is on you, you’ve gotta know that.”
Every time he walked through the front door, Dean could feel his blood pressure drop a couple of notches. It wasn’t just the relief of walking into a cool, dark space when the sun was beating down outside. The entire ceiling was plastered with a vast array of his favourite album covers, from Zepp to Metallica, Lynyrd Skynyrd to the Stones, in contrast to the bare brick walls. Suspended from the ceiling was a mismatched collection of repurposed light fittings and hanging plants, providing a unique combination of zen atmosphere and heart-stopping head injury opportunities. Dean had balked at the idea of having brand new cookie-cutter furniture in amongst such a carefully curated design - categorically not a vibe - so he and Charlie had been to what felt like every thrift store in southern California picking up abandoned couches, benches, armchairs, and tables. And some more plant pots, because apparently
“I’m not having a stroke, Charles.”
Dean hums, and leers.  “I dunno though, I do kinda like ‘em scary.  Even Naomi, if she would just loosen up a little—”
“Listen, buddy, I can lift you all day long.  I’m already lifting you in that first… you know, the kicky bit.”  Dean mumbles the end, feeling like a moron for not knowing terms that would come to him automatically in a ballet context.
That quickly changes as he climbs up onto the table, and does his best ballet-ified version of twerking.  What?  There’s really no other way to describe it.  Behind him, the corps cracks up, and there’s a loud wolf whistle from probably-Charlie.  He throws a wink out as he continues his solo, which gets him a chuckle from the Director, rather than a reprimand.  Hmm, interesting.  Maybe he can work with this.
Cas pulled at his hand and watched the stretch of Dean’s reddened, slick rim, and allowed it to pull him back in.  He could feel tension beginning to build in Dean’s body and knew it wouldn’t be long.  He sucked a hickey into Dean’s thigh, never changing the rhythm of twist, pull, relax, until he felt Dean’s ass grow impossibly tight around his hand.
“Please, you didn’t need to.”  Cas grins over at him and Dean’s brains fall out of his ears.  “I can read you like a book, Dean Winchester, and there’s no way you didn’t have a crush on that guy -- Ash, was it? -- when you were both scrawny kids.”
being less of a hardass?”
The even better news is that Cas definitely likes this card.
“It’s…”
“Do you hear that?”
“I have already passed on your details, so the classes will begin soon.  And Dean?”
sorry if i offended you
He lets out a heavy sigh.
whatever u say dude
Cas brought his fingers tightly together and tucked his thumb to his palm.  He took a deep breath, and began to push gradually inside, stopping only once his knuckles were brushing Dean’s rim.  He looked up at Dean, who was watching Cas’s single-minded focus with something akin to awe.  He even managed a weak smile, which was all the encouragement Castiel needed to push the widest part of his hand inside Dean.
“Ok, fine, but you speak to each other literally every day?  You message him more than anyone else?”
“Paying off the staff in case we bring the ceiling down?”
Me too, Ranger.  I want to feel you come apart beneath my hands.
“You’re on nickname terms with this guy now?”
“Yeah, yeah, present company excepted.  You’ll always be my queen.”
“I...don’t really know.”
If someone had asked Dean ten years ago what he thought a professional dance career would look like, this isn’t what he would have described.
Dean scowls.  “Charlie, it’s not about that.  I just want to make him happy.  He fucking hates being stuck here all the time.”
, into the correct alignment.  But this?  This is different.  Where Naomi’s wiry hands pinch him into new points of tension, Cas’s large hands are smoothing over his torso, manipulating his body out of its rigid stance and leaving trails of heat in their wake.  Despite feeling his muscles relax incrementally, Dean finds himself holding his breath.  His new teacher is practically the same height as him, and having him trampling into his personal bubble until they’re nose-to-nose as the guy practically
on in five?”
“Are you trying to get me drunk?”
In which case, yes, I will happily take that hug.
“Dude, are you fucking kidding me.”
Cas just stares at him for a moment.  “I don’t think I will ever understand you.”
“Jerk.”
As Cas stands up to greet Dean, he shucks his hoodie to reveal a tight t-shirt underneath.  Goddammit, Dean’s still prickling with confused arousal and crossed wires from earlier, and this...this
“Left side now and one, two, three,
Dean sits in the back of the Lyft, leg jiggling restlessly.
Dean can’t tell if Garth’s being avoidant because it’s something they’re not gonna like, or if this is actually just his normal mode of communication.
jimmy i will literally fight u
“What do you mean?”
“Stop!  Stop.”
good.
The restaurant’s vibe in general is intimate and chill, candles on the tables lighting whatever the low lights on the walls and ceiling don’t reach.  The tables are all set around an open floor space in the centre, a bar at the far end with shelves of shining amber bottles stretching to the ceiling.  If he’s feeling charitable tomorrow, he might let Sam know about this place to bring Eileen.
