"Huh, okay, that's one less thing to explain then," Tony said, clearly surprised. "How did you figure it out? They've been very careful in hiding their true nature."
Pepper shook her head ever so slightly and pulled away from him. "I'm sure you can get to the bottom of this, eventually," she declared. "I'll help you as much as I can. Feel free to ask me whenever you need anything. I have to go now."
He should've made contingencies. He'd put too much faith in his ability to win James over. He had thought he could count on the charisma that had been so central to his career, and it had let him down worse than ever. Perhaps he'd lost it over the years he'd spent as a recluse among Dinotopians, with only his close friends as company.
The more Steve considered this, the more it seemed like a good fit. The change in location wasn't really a downside. New York was too familiar. It felt like he couldn't really move on with his life with so many reminders of the past all around him. He'd also be out of Tony's hair. That wasn't really what he wanted—he would've liked to spend more time with Tony, learn to know him and figure out what was going on between them—but it was obvious Tony didn't want that.
Rhodey raised his eyebrows, a smirk playing on his lips. "You know, Tones, for someone who thinks this is nonsense, you always seem awfully invested in it."
"I'm locked in a tiny room at the mercy of an AI that's clearly lacking all the legally mandated ethical safeguards. Of course I am," Steve replied, struggling to keep his voice steady.
Tony glanced at the tablet, but didn’t take it, just gave Steve a coy look through his lashes. “I’m no biologist, but I’d think that even with those, you’d need to have some desire there to start with. You know, some inhibitions to be lowered.”
And no matter how much Steve had tried to convince himself he didn't care, he was struck by instant concern about what might have prompted Rhodes to contact him, and whether Tony was okay. He wanted to ask that, but settled for something more neutral. "Why are you calling me?"
It wasn't as if Steve had much choice. Anything was better than being in storage. "Yes," he answered, probably sounding more determined than he felt. "But don't expect me to stick around once we're done."
The fish isn't much longer than his hand from heel to fingertips, and the amount of meat he gets out of it once he's burned it to a crisp on the fire leaves him almost as hungry as he was to start with. He eats the skin and tries to suck every ounce of nutrients from the bones.
A conversation with the policemen confirmed what the fireman had told him: the burn victim who'd been taken to the hospital had been identified as a small-time crook who went by the name of "Suave Simon". He'd been in so much pain and coughing so badly that they hadn't gotten anything coherent out of him regarding what had happened, but just knowing who he was made his presence at the site of this fire suspicious. In addition to a few tidbits of information about Simon, the policeman also gave Steve a list of known haunts for the man, in case he wanted to go looking for Simon's friends and accomplices.
"We're going to sort this out," Steve said, trying to sound as encouraging as he could, hoping his confidence could somehow counter the despair he heard in Tony's voice. "We're all in this together. We can do it."
That was that choice made for Tony, then, and just this once, he was perfectly happy to follow Steve’s lead.
Steve kisses him again. As their lips connect, a strange shiver rushes through him, radiating from Steve's hand, like a mild electric shock, or chills running down his spine, except that it's also warm. He's got goosebumps all over. He gasps into Steve's mouth and hugs him closer, clinging to this thrilling new sensation.
"Oh, it's just that when he was around earlier, he was also asking about the people who were at the party, and he seemed quite agitated about it. I got the impression that he knew something about what might be going on, but he refused to tell me." Jan let out an angry huff. "It's my house that got burned. If he knows what's behind it, I think I deserve to know."
Tony had been so sure it would work. In theory, it should've.
The best course of action was to see if he could learn more here. He took a deep breath to calm down, and went on interviewing the crowd. "Did anyone else see him?"
"Whatever's going on, I promise I'll do my best to find him. I'll let you know when I do," he told Pepper firmly.
That wasn't the reaction Steve had been expecting; he'd thought she'd either be surprised, or try to deny Tony's involvement. "So, you think he might have something to do with the fires?"
"So, what's on the agenda today?" Tony finally speaks up once his plate is polished and the coffee pot empty.
"I wouldn't have," Tony insisted.
"For around a week now," Steve confirmed.
As they got closer to the shore, the grassy landscape began to change, turning more rocky and cragged. Soon, they were surrounded by impressive cliffs and heard the whisper of waves. The landmark Natasha had described was as easy to find as she'd promised: a trio of rock pillars sticking up from the sea, the middle one over a hundred feet in height. Well-worn tracks leading down to the water showed where generations of visitors had sought the best views.
"I need that poor old thing in my bedroom right now," Steve told him.
Steve woke up in the early morning to an unfamiliar ringtone. It took him a few seconds to place it. Once he realized it was the one he'd set for the burner phone he'd sent to Tony, he was instantly wide awake, his heart racing.
A fireman with weather-beaten skin and a graying beard acknowledged him with a nod. "Captain. What can we do for you?"
Pepper's eyes were still distant, but her face had gone a shade paler under her freckles. No doubt she was looking at the same thing. Steve knew that feeling, that unavoidable gut reaction to seeing a familiar frame killed in a graphic and horrific way, no matter what else you knew about the situation.
"I think I might be done talking, now," Tony said. "We were in the middle of something."
When Steve catches him having a nightmare, probably alerted by JARVIS, and asks if there's anything he can do to help, Tony yells at him to go away, his voice high and thin in his ears. Just seeing that perfect synthetic face makes everything a thousand times worse; he can't escape the memories of how it looked damaged, dead, without its skin, split open.
It didn't seem as if they'd planned it very well. "And then you left me with him until it was almost too late," Steve said.
Steve blinked at him, confused. "You've thought about me before?"
Time to pay a visit to Elijah Kamski.
So much for keeping this mission covert.
He doesn't feel particularly lucky. He feels like a murderer.
"Why pick one? I think you've got the skills to handle both," Tony said. "Figure out who's behind this, and keep them from costing me any more clones. The assassins are very good, but I trust you to be better."
Bucky wondered if he was blushing, because it certainly felt nice to hear that praise from her. "Thanks," he stammered.
"Mr. Stark," Steve repeated, baffled. "Well, this is a surprise."
Kamski straightens up, his eyes growing wider. "Okay, I can't blame you for freaking out after that. So, what's it for? If you've still got a human heart, and that sure felt like you do, how does an android regulator figure into the equation?"
"All clear! Run!" he called out to the dinosaur in his best version of the local language, although the message would've probably been clear anyway.
"Jarvis?" Steve repeated. Tony's butler, or his old AI? He'd thought both were gone, but it wasn't a common enough name to be a coincidence.
Tony stepped into the room half a minute after Steve, and the feeling of
That doesn't make Tony feel any less distressed. More like the opposite. Just how much can the android actually pick up? Based on the build of his counterpart in the cave, he has enhanced senses compared to most other CyberLife models, which are already better than any human's. Will he spot the energy signature of the thirium reactor? Of course, Kamski might've told him about it already, and about what Tony did to get it—
He grabbed the first bottle that happened to be on the shelf, not bothering to look at the label. It was his bar. Only nice things in it. The really expensive stuff was stashed away on the higher shelves so he wouldn't waste it while on a binge.
Overall, it really helped to have other people around and other things to focus on, like the threat of an extraterrestrial invasion, or a spy organization secretly building weapons of mass destruction. For several hours after that brief moment of panic on the Quinjet, things were perfectly fine, so that Tony almost managed to convince himself he'd in fact imagined the whole thing—Steve was a handsome guy, maybe Tony had just massively, embarrassingly over-interpreted a mix of post-battle endorphins and a severe instant crush—but then he found himself standing inches away from Steve in Bruce Banner's lab on the SHIELD Helicarrier, and he felt it all again, just as strong as the first time, if not worse.
The entirely honest truth was, Tony couldn't really be sure. No one had done anything exactly like this before.
"Oh, come on, it won't get much better than this. It's a decent-sized study in a respectable journal and all. Not easy to pull off when you've got a negative result," Tony pointed out.
"Yes. I do. Steve Rogers, who used to be Captain America," Stark replied emphatically. He reached out to take Bucky's good hand between both of his. "Bucky. He thought you were gone. He missed you so much." He stopped to catch his breath, his hands clasping Bucky's fingers tightly. "Help me. We can go back to him. Together."
"Natasha? I think we're safe to stop for a moment here," he told her.
"Pepper?" Rhodey said softly.
Tony's palm came to rest between Steve's shoulder blades, and either it was a little cooler, or Steve was getting used to his high temperature. "Are you going to stay the night?" Tony asked, his voice casual, but the look in his eyes vulnerable.
Tony had figured out the Northerners' problem with the ancient technology the moment he'd stepped into the Vault. They lacked a power source. All those machines were built to run on a specific type of sunstone, and without one, they were useless. He'd seen transmitter stones and a beacon stone in the Vault, but no power stones, which was what they'd need. Luckily, Tony wore a lead-lined metal plate over his when not charging it or using it to power his armor; otherwise, even the broken pieces of old machinery in that room might've reacted to its presence.
He held onto the door handle for a moment longer, considering it. He was fairly confident he could force his way into the stairwell before Ultron's drones reached the landing, but that wouldn't get him very far. If he stayed down here past the curfew, he'd soon be facing police officers and maybe even SHIELD in addition to the drones.
Steve wasn't about to go snooping around in someone's house just because they were a little suspicious. He'd only consider it if he came across a solid reason to think Tony was responsible for the fires. For now, his next step towards looking for one was to visit Janet van Dyne; if he was lucky, he might even catch Tony there.
Every trace of the earlier unhappy thoughts and bad memories was completely gone by now.
"There's a first time for everything, though," Sam countered.
Steve went to bed with his mind still on Tony and the resistance, and it took him hours to finally slow down his thoughts enough to fall asleep.
Tony had thought. All he'd said had been, "That's no excuse."
"You nearly killed yourself, that's what happened," Steve said, anger flaring in his voice and in his mind. "And I found out that if one half of a matched couple gets seriously ill, that temporarily blocks the synchronization."
"Don't be so negative, Tony," Obie says, and places both hands on Tony's shoulders. "You built it under very unusual circumstances, and you can make him see that. He can talk to his lawyers. I'm sure we'll be able to come to an agreement that'll benefit all parties."
"Yeah. I'm a pretty tough guy," Steve replied, running his hands down to Tony's waist and around it to cup his buttocks.
He was so terribly tired, but he knew that if he let himself sleep, he might never wake up again.
The days following the confrontation at Stark Tower seemed longer than any Steve'd had since waking up in the future. Possibly the longest in his life. Sure, several of the previous days had been so action-packed that they'd felt like they'd lasted much longer than twenty four hours, but compared to this endless, anxious, uneventful wait, they'd passed in a rush.
"Of course I am. That's why you'll be there."
Steve's hands were still holding Tony's. He ran his fingers up and down Tony's forearm in a soothing gesture. When he spoke up, it sounded apologetic. "Okay, I think that's enough for now."
Bucky closed his book and sat up straight in his chair. "Okay. So. That survivor from yesterday's fire? He's gone."
"Of course. They're not among my primary skills, but I learn much faster than a human," Steve says.
He felt like he owed it to Tony to tell him of this decision as soon as possible. Since Tony would probably come up with some excuse if Steve suggested an actual meeting, he called Tony instead.
If Tony thought last night was bad, it was nothing compared to this.
He's too late, and there's nothing he can do.
The only person Steve told where he was going was Bucky. That meant trusting Bucky with a heavy responsibility: if anything happened to Steve, Bucky would be the only one aside from Maya and Tony's friends who knew the truth. Steve didn't think it would come to that, though. Steve wasn't worried for himself. He didn't think Tony would want to hurt him, not unless he tried to hurt Tony first.
Tony didn’t miss Steve’s shocked expression. “For the nth time, Steve: it’s not that serious.”
"I'm no expert, but from what I've gathered, I don't think anyone really has an answer to that," Fury said. "Maybe you could have a contemporary match. It might not be what you expect. Maybe you think it'll be a young lady, and it turns out to be an old man. I've heard of cases were people regret having found out, and would've been happier not knowing."
"I don't like it, either," Pepper spoke up. "I still think we should go for it."
Steve couldn't deny that he was a little hungry and thirsty, and felt like he could use a shower after the hours he'd spent on the road, but none of those things were currently on top of his mind. "What if I said the thing I want most is right here in front of me?" Steve returned. With Tony having backed away, Steve's hands had ended up on his biceps, and he tightened his hold of them to emphasize his words.
Paradoxically, while Steve had every reason to feel anxious in this situation, he felt less so now that he knew he was very close to getting what he needed. "He may be penniless, but at least he's not alone. Doesn't it ever bother you that everyone around you is there just because you pay them, all of them thinking you're actually someone else? Your whole life is a lie, Stane."
When he's finally gathered the courage to return to the living room, he half expects to find Steve standing in the exact same place where he left him. Instead, Steve's sitting on the couch, chatting away with Pepper. Both of them look perfectly at ease.
Steve turned to face the two men on the dinosaur's back. Tony was still unconscious, while Bucky was staring at Steve, wide-eyed.
Coulson nodded, his face perfectly neutral. "These things happen."
Tony didn't really lose consciousness, his grasp of reality just slipped. Not surprising, considering how awful he felt. It was like the worst hangover and the worst cold he'd ever had, getting together to unleash their demon offspring on him. The headache was so bad he couldn't think, his every joint ached, even his skin hurt with the fever burning through him, and breathing felt like drowning.
Steve counted this as his first victory: nothing was on fire, and they were actually talking.
They’d been angry and now they were obviously turned on, but this couldn’t be just emotions running hot, this was feverish temperatures and heart rates that were excessive for the situation. These numbers and warnings were shouting at Bruce that the slimy substance coating the two men wasn’t just unpleasant after all. It was causing physical symptoms.
That wasn't what Steve had heard. They could be saying that to give him an additional incentive. "The files Tony has access to suggest that he's on the run," he said.
Everything he'd learned about dinosaurs after he'd woken up here had centered on fighting them. He'd learned their strengths, their many defenses, horns and claws and tails and thick skin, so that he'd be prepared for those, and he'd learned their weak points so that he'd know what to target. He didn't know a thing about how to handle them. He didn't have a lot of experience dealing with animals, in general, and definitely not ones that were around the size of an elephant. Besides, he wasn't even supposed to think of this being as an animal. Stark kept saying they were as smart as humans.
"You've jumped to some completely wrong ones before, but this time, I think you've got the right idea," Steve said.
Pepper opened the door for them, and they stepped inside a room that was like a smaller version of Tony's street-level workshop, equally full of spare parts of various vintages.
"You still haven't told me how you got it," Steve spoke up, and gave the metal plate beneath his fingers a light tap to clarify what he was talking about. "You promised you would."
"But you barely know me," Tony said, shifting his hands to Steve's back in a loose hug.
"That'd take a lot longer," Steve pointed out. "Let's try talking first."
"No," Bucky said firmly. "Not until you've proven you're really on our side and won't try to escape."
Tony's room was no different from the rest of the inn. When he opened the door and stopped in the corridor to cast a cautious look inside, Steve saw over his shoulder that it was windowless and just big enough to hold a double bed and a small desk with a phone on it. The wallpaper that might once have been white was more of a light beige now, and was peeling in places, but at least the smell of cigarette smoke that'd been ubiquitous in the bar was less pronounced here. The door to the left of the desk was half open, showing a glimpse of a tiny bathroom, a tub filling most of it.
"The Fountain of Youth!" Maya said hurriedly. "That's what we were looking for. I'm telling you the truth now. Tony can confirm it. I didn't tell you beforehand because I didn't want you to expect too much, and I didn't tell you afterwards because it's best left buried."
Maybe he's concerned for Steve, or maybe he's just selfish and doesn't want to be alone.
In his dreams, Steve was traveling with Tony, but it was nothing like their current war-time quest in the bowels of Paris. They were adventuring together, climbing a magnificent mountain in a far away country just for the joy of it. Steve had never visited such a place before, and he was enjoying every second of it, with Tony as his skillful guide.
"It's okay. I'm here, now." Steve brought one hand up to bury it in Tony's hair.
"I don't think it is, no," Steve agreed. "Do you know her well? Have you seen her recently?"
He'd already thought he'd lost the Avengers a year ago, when he'd taken a step back. He'd thought he'd let go of Steve. He hadn't, not really, not back then. Now, he really had.
"Okay. Let's go, then," Steve relented.
"You don't need to that, really, but thank you," Tony told her. He switched to the common tongue as he went on, to make sure Bucky understood. "As for whether I'm a good man—there's something I've been thinking about. Maybe it's time for Iron Man to take an active role in this conflict. We freed the dinosaurs from Crabb Castle, but who knows how many other prisoners are out there? We should help them, if we can."
"After a week, late in the afternoon, we came across a statue half buried in the undergrowth. It was a sign that we were getting close, Juan said, but it would still take half a day to reach the temple itself, so we decided to set up camp for the night. As usual, Cauac wandered off. No one paid much attention to that— we knew that he'd be back by morning. After a pleasant evening spent in good company, we alI settled in our tents to rest.
"Does this mean—" Steve began, looking from her to Tony.
A weapon like that could destroy a regular backup node in an organic frame, but it would take extended exposure and a high setting. Steve's frame was different, though. He'd already learned that it was less resistant. A hit to the head might kill him for good. If it didn't, Rumlow could just pick up a blaster and blow his node to pieces.
Tony had climbed back to the pier, although if Steve hadn't known he was Tony Stark, he wouldn't have recognized the man. Somehow, his coveralls had not caught fire; the fabric must have flame-resistant properties. Every part of his skin that wasn't covered by clothing was glowing, but it wasn't that golden shimmer from last night. It was an angry orange, like lava, or metal heated to the melting point. The most disturbing part, though, were his eyes: they were a brighter red in the middle of the fiery glow, and there was nothing human about them anymore.
"Copy. Hang in there, we're on our way," Steve said, and then, off the air to the two others in the room, "Let's go. We need to get back to the workshop."
"I know we've always struggled to get along," Steve goes on. "From the very start. After we survived that first disaster with Loki, I thought things were looking up, but it wasn't that easy. It never is, with stubborn people like us. You probably thought I was insufferable. Maybe you never liked me very much. I could never be sure. Honestly, it's not easy to tell whether you're being affectionate in your own way, or just an asshole—hm?"
The landscape outside the window didn't seem very different at all. The top floors of the glass-walled towers around them, with names of corporations and agencies in huge letters, were just the way Steve remembered them. When he craned his neck to get a glimpse downwards, he saw that the ground was hidden in a shadowy haze, as always.
Tony groans, straightening up in his chair and rolling his sore neck and shoulders. "Ugh, what time is it? What visitor?" he asks groggily. "I'm not supposed to have visitors."
He couldn't keep trying to fight with kid gloves on. The move had put his opponent close to him. He reacted quickly, ignoring the pain of the claw digging into his leg, and smashed his elbow into the reptilian's face. They staggered away, growling.
Steve got up to do the customary scan of the surroundings that he'd neglected so far. It didn't take long. Even though the place was a good size for a low-floor studio, all that amounted to was around forty square meters of floor space. In addition to that, Steve found a minimalistic bathroom unit with a shower over the toilet seat and a sink embedded in the wall, and an equally tiny kitchenette consisting of a fridge and a quick-heat oven. The fridge was empty, and the single small cupboard contained instant coffee and a selection of freeze-dried meals, enough to last one person a few days, but not much more than that.
"I take it that you heard the news, then," Pepper commented, taking in the scene.
"Not what they made it for," he noted. "This one might take some work. Not the most sensitive frame I've been in."
"The only monsters on this island are you!" Paola yelled at him, eyes full of anger unlike Tony was used to seeing on the Dinotopians' faces.
All he got for his troubles was a bruised shoulder. He might've as well been trying to push against the stone wall itself. It would take an actual battering ram to get through.
"In a way, I was." Maybe it's better to do this quickly and be done with it. Rip off the Band-Aid and all that. He starts unbuttoning his shirt.
With everything Tony was wearing in a heap on the floor, Steve picks up the closest blanket again and uses it as a towel, drying off Tony's skin all over. It feels deeply wrong to be doing all this with Tony so entirely out of it. He tries to work in a clinical, efficient manner, and he tries not to stare. In spite of himself, his mind briefly strays to inappropriate directions; he'd be lying to himself if he claimed he'd never wondered what Tony looks like beneath his stylish suits and his well-worn band t-shirts. He pushes aside those lines of thought by focusing on scars: not just the obvious circular one where the arc reactor used to be, but countless others as well. Some of those might be the result of their fight back in Siberia.
He hangs the carcass by the feet. The bird is fairly big; he'd guess its weight at close to two pounds. Enough to last him the whole day. He just needs to figure out how to cook it, because he's nowhere near desperate enough to consider eating raw poultry.
"All right. Thank you." Steve bent closer and pressed a kiss on Tony's forehead. If Bucky had needed further proof of their closeness, it was right there.
Steve felt his knees hit the floor, and the jolt of concrete against his bare skin reconnected him more or less with the present reality. Pepper and Rhodey were both by his side, hovering but not touching him, clearly unsure what to do.
Ignoring the part of his mind fixated on the Resistance members' teachings of how horrible dinosaurs were, and the cautious part that reminded him he'd never been particularly proficient as a rider, Bucky leaped onto the dinosaur's back to keep Stark in place.
"No, no, I'm glad you told me," Steve started, not sure what he was going to say.
"Is the Mayor still in?" Bucky asked.
"No, thanks," Steve said. That'd be an easy solution, but he thought he could start working towards a better, though more difficult one. He walked over to the couch by the wall next to Tony's desk and sat down. "What if I said I wanted to talk?"
The last thing he remembers clearly is taking a cab from the city hall to the hotel in Oslo. He stepped out, and then—he thinks he was attacked, probably kidnapped, but the details are a disjointed mess of masked figures and futile attempts at fighting them off and commotion all around him. He might have been on an airplane afterwards, but he's not sure about that part. The number of gaps in his memory is disconcerting. Adding up those and the headache, he guesses he was drugged.
"How so?" Kamski asks, tilting his head curiously. "You weren't rescued by androids, were you?"
"For starters, it's a lunch meeting, not a firing squad. Lighten up." Tony nudged him on the bicep as they walked towards the waiting limo. "I've made sure you've got a seat by my side. The place is called the 201. It's very nice, top floor, five stars on every ranking worth mentioning, ten-year waiting list for regular customers."
Steve nodded. "I understand." Secrecy was often part of his work, although this, using a jamming device inside their own headquarters, was unprecedented.
Steve reached out a hand slowly, waiting to see how Tony would react. The glare that he got in response was enough to make him back away.
"Not the same situation," Tony said defensively. "But it doesn't really matter. I'm convinced I can pull it off either way. So. Step one, someone kills Obie in his current clone," he held up fingers as he listed the steps. "Two, I let the download from his most recent external backup go through to the next clone and then contaminate the backups on Luna. Three, another someone kidnaps the clone, which will then be the only remaining instance of Obie's mind. Four, we explain the situation to him and watch him fold."
He fell into the cold wind, his clothes flapping wildly about him, drizzly rain lashing against his unprotected face. A fast-moving car swerved past him, so close that he could feel the warmth of its exhaust.
Since Steve is technically defective by CyberLife's standards and can't go to an official repair shop, Tony does all his maintenance, whether it's for fun or because he's ended up taking damage in the field. The latter is something that happens far more often than Tony would like, and makes his chest constrict with worry every time, but Steve keeps reminding him that an android body is far easier to fix than a human one. As much as Tony wants to keep Steve safe, he knows that the missions are as important to Steve as they are to him.
Telling himself that he's not being a creep and is just inspecting a piece of technology, Tony unzips the android's partly scorched jacket and uses the tiny knife from the multitool his captors have graciously given him to cut open its t-shirt.
It's incredibly frustrating. He's starving, he has his breakfast right there, and he can't eat it until he gets this fire lit.
"Probably a good idea. It'll be more difficult to go on a field trip if you're stuck behind bars," Tony says.
"We were trying to free you! We were going to get you out after the shoot-out at the 201, after we'd killed Stane, but you had to go and save him," Pepper said, giving him an accusing glare. "And we were going to attempt it again earlier today, but you went missing for most of the day and wouldn't answer my calls. Which left us with the improvised operation tonight once I'd realized what Stane was doing to you."
As if on cue, six man-sized drones rose up to hover by its lip. They were gunmetal gray, with a circular power source set in the chest, and Steve thought they had to be skirting the edge of what the non-humanoid-robot restrictions allowed: they had a regular human body plan of two arms, two legs and a head. What probably allowed them to pass was that their build was far bulkier than that of any typical human frame, their arms clearly shaped as cannons, their legs as jets, with no hands or feet. Their small heads were almost featureless, with simple glowing squares of light for eyes, and no hint of nose or mouth.
Like all the clothes in Steve's wardrobe in Stark Tower, the coat was of the highest quality, with fabric that was water and wrinkle proof, and a design looking stylish enough that it wouldn't be out of place in a smart casual business function on the highest levels. Steve took it off and handed it over.
Steve should've killed Stane. The thought that there was a chance he might slip through the holes of the justice system made his blood boil, but he pushed the anger to the background. It was a distraction that he couldn't afford right now.
"Yes. Since his parents died," Miss Potts replied. "A traffic accident. That would've been a few years after you were sentenced."
"You're really here," Tony said, sounding choked. He took a step forwards, one hand on the wall as if he was afraid he might fall down.
Rushing into action again, avoiding the thoughts of what Tony might say if he were conscious, Steve starts working off his soaked clothes. He's as gentle as he can while doing it—not just out of respect, but because he knows any unnecessary jostling of hypothermia victims is to be avoided.
He was going to look into it, though.
"Do you even have to ask?" replied Alban, a raven-haired youngster who couldn't be older than fifteen. "You've seen what they look like!"
He was lying down, facing upwards, and he looked paler than ever, a cut over his cheek and the bridge of his nose standing out bright red against the ashen skin and the white hair. His eyes were closed, the lines on his face deep with obvious distress, and the reason for that was all too clear. There were VR electrodes attached to his scalp.
"How come?" he asked, exasperated.
He got into an elevator car with a few other people, and asked for the highest available floor. Somewhat to his surprise, Ultron didn't speak up when the doors closed and they began to climb. The ride passed in an awkward silence, with everyone except Steve staring at their toes or the walls.
He would've spat at Tony again if the knife hadn't been in the way.
Still, more than guilty, more than anything, it made Steve profoundly sad, thinking that he could never even talk to Tony again, let alone touch him.
It was obvious that Steve wasn't going to get any help from Tony on this investigation, so he'd have to take matters into his own hands. He knew there were ways of getting information past the official channels. For those, he'd need contacts who weren't concerned about bending or breaking the rules. People who didn't live in top floor apartments.
"As impressive as that costume is, this is better," Tony said, his voice husky. "Much better."
"So, what kind of work will you be doing, Steve?" Rhodey asks.
Had that thug been lying to Steve when he'd said Tony's mysterious—and from up close, undeniable—powers were due to some object he carried? The thug had seemed to genuinely believe it, but Steve had now spent a good ten hours in Tony's company, and had seen no trace of such a thing. Steve could think of a few ways it could still turn out to be true: for example, that the artifact's effect did not require close proximity to its user, and it was hidden somewhere in the room, or, a rather disturbing idea, that it had somehow merged with Tony, and was now a part of him, always with him.
"What do you want to do next?" Tony asked, eyeing him hungrily. He seemed hard, again, already. Steve had expected that, too; a clone that was physically young and very recently brought into use would often make for a nearly non-existent refractory period. "I've got to warn you, though: I'd love to fuck you, or for you to fuck me, but I'm not a hundred percent either will work out," Tony added, before Steve had time to think of his answer.
"You're very lucky, James, that we found you first," Lina went on. "Otherwise you would've had a very different welcome. Here, you're among your own kind, and we'll do whatever we can to help you heal."
There were enough materials, definitely, but on closer inspection, their quality left a lot to be desired. By the look of things, many of the pieces had been recovered from the bottom of the sea; the metal was corroded, effectively destroying many delicate mechanisms. To build what he was planning out of such poor components would take far longer than he would've liked. He'd just have to keep at it and improvise to the best of his ability when the most obvious solutions failed.
"Of course, it'd be safer for me somewhere more private," Tony said, lowering his voice in a way that didn't help with Steve's rampant feelings at all. "I have a room upstairs."
Tony groans. "What am I supposed to do with an android?"
The thing was, the way the conversation had escalated, first to an argument and then to this make-out session he was trying not to see—he couldn’t avoid hearing the sounds, though, the whines and gasps, the obscene wet slide of mouth against mouth and the rustle of hands on clothing—it had definitely seemed kind of sudden, even if it hadn't been entirely unexpected. Over the years, the other Avengers had made plenty of jokes about the longing looks and unreleased sexual tension between these two, so Bruce could’ve easily bought that they were both into this, but what if they weren’t? What if that slime had aphrodisiac properties, and they were reacting to it?
Tony raised his eyebrows. "Oh? What kind of work dealings would a nice, handsome guy like you have in a place like this?"
Tony blows out a breath, and brings his hand to the android's chest again, his fingers finding the edges of one particular biocomponent. A quick twist and it comes loose, like it's meant to. All CyberLife androids have a modular build, so the parts can be easily removed to be serviced or replaced.
"I know. Trust me, it's not my first time facing near-death from thirst," Stark commented wryly, then went on to take a big gulp of water anyway.
Tony let go and sat back again. "Need to be sure, though. Going for empirical evidence here." He smoothed his fingers over where his lips had been. "But yeah, doesn't look like it."
"Better for both of us," he said softly.
Steve tried to come up with a plan, though he wasn't even sure if he should try to help Tony, or to stop him. He didn't think he could get through to Tony. He wasn't sure anyone could. The thought crossed his mind that maybe, if he took off his mask and revealed who he really was, that might distract Tony—but it was already too late.
"Well, I have both. I fought in the war before I ended up here," he said. "What is this mission about?"
"Really?" Steve blurted out. He couldn't help but be skeptical about that. "You're telling me you survived a stab wound to the heart in the middle of the unexplored jungle?"
He placed his hand on Tony's knee.
Stark let out a frustrated sigh and shook his head. "It's like I'm talking to a wall."
Officially, Steve was a war correspondent—a war-time equivalent to Tony's chronicles for Marvels, translating his missions into rousing stories for the home front in words and pictures. But many of their missions were too important and too clandestine to be shared with the public, and unofficially, Steve reported directly to Fury, acting as his eyes and ears behind the enemy lines.
"—wait, what just happened? What's wrong?"
Less than an hour later, he was sitting in the living room of her stylish apartment near Madison Square, drinking coffee. Luckily, his curiosity over what she might have to say was enough to hold back the lingering memory of his dreams.
The more prudent course of action would've been to leave Tromsø behind right away. He doesn't have a truly pressing reason to stick around. There's nothing more he can do for Tony. And yet—he can't leave before he's sure that Tony's going to be okay, and he really, really needs to try to have a proper conversation with him, face-to-face.
Howard stoops to grab his bag on the way, setting it carefully just inside the door before pulling Toni onto the loveseat.
“You’re special, Darling. Smart in a way they’ve never seen. Kids get jealous very easily and can lash out in anger when they don’t understand what they’re feeling,” Papa explains to Toni, tone patient but eyes sad.
Toni tilts her head to the side, considering the small child before her. She stops just below Toni’s rib cage and seems to be extremely embarrassed by her observation. She can’t be older than 10, and Toni’s eyebrow quirks upward.
“How are you doing, Toni? You seem tired.”
“Annie,” he breathes out and drops his face into her hair, bag falling to the ground as he wraps her in a boa strength hug.
Howard had met the Briggs who, of course, loved him to bits. From then on, Toni introduced Howard to Joey Cartwright, the owner of the diner on Newport with the amazing milkshakes whose Jukebox she’s repaired more than once, Patricia Cuddy, the clumsy school teacher whose enthusiasm for Toni’s intelligence almost parallels Mama and Papa’s, and Beatrice Cook, the quick witted and smile-ready factory worker who keeps Toni company when the machines need maintenanced.  Besides the Briggs, they’re all really work friends. They make Toni happy, though, so she still includes them in her and Howard’s exploration of the town.
(See the end of the chapter for
The Briggs seem surprised for a moment before Blanche positively lights up.
“It was my fault, again,” Baby Blues’ eyes are red and his deep voice comes out a little wheezy, but his small smile as he turns back to her is the most beautiful thing she’d ever seen.
“That I am, Lenny, that I am. I’m a repairman, so I need to be able to bend and move easily,” Toni explains, looking back to Blanche and Ernest, waiting for their reactions. Men have a hard time swallowing her way of living, but women provide just as much judgement a lot of the times, society molding them to look down on those who rebel against the norm.
Howard also went to work with Toni on the day before he left, smiling sharply at anyone who seemed put off by his presence. She let it slide for the day, simultaneously warmed and irritated by his protective behavior. Howard knows she can take care of herself. That’s the only reason she didn’t give him a piece of her mind and a glance of her fist.
“She’s right, Lucy. She wants to enter the world, a woman in more than age. Who are we to stop her from doing that?”
“Oh, c’mon, Howie, you know she always harbored a huge crush on you,” Toni laughed and avoided the swat aimed her way.
Two months later, Toni sits her family down at the table and presents to them her plan.
The four Starks smirk at each other and Toni is bolstered with a stronger confidence than she’s ever felt.
“Wait, wait, wait,” Toni interrupts, “I thought you said I was special? I’ll not have met any other souls, surely, if they’re all unique to their universes and I am new to this universe?”
“It’s about the same for me. I miss them so much… all the time. I had been gone for years by the time they died, but it all came rushing back in. I always knew they were there. That they were proud, that they were cheering for me, that they would support and love me even if… even if I couldn’t pull it off. I took them for granted, Annie, and now they’re gone. I
“Right,” Howard snorts, “I’ll definitely take you up on that, though, Annie… in the meantime, why don’t you just join me in the “lab” rather than sneak out at night? You need to sleep more,” Howard shoves Toni’s shoulder, standing and walking to the bedroom, intent on sleep.
“Not a chance. With smarts like those, you two will dig yourselves out of this depression,” their father promised, pride and hope warring for dominance in his tired eyes.
a relief to be away from the townsfolk. They wanted to talk about Mama and Papa all the time. I couldn’t… I couldn’t get away from it. The grief. I said my goodbyes at the funeral, but I still miss them. I see them in everything, Howie. Mama’s voice joins the carolers. Papa’s hands touch mine every time I pick up my tool bag. I taste their cooking in every meal I make. It was like that in Richford, too, but it’s a blessing her in Brooklyn. It felt more like a curse back there.” Toni admits quietly, guilt tearing through her chest. She never would have dreamed of betraying Richford as a child, but the thought of returning made her ill.
(See the end of the chapter for
Howard stays with Toni for a grand total of three days before he has to zoom off to another business conference.
I do not own anything associated with Marvel or Marvel itself.
“Do you want me to stop, kid?” she asks, not wanting to make the child any more uncomfortable than she already is.
“Truly?” He comes flying around the corner, colliding with Toni. They fall to the ground, laughing and wiggling around.
Christmas and life-altering decisions anyone?
“Antoinette,” he breathes, chocolate eyes shining with love and pride. “Born on October 14th, 1919.” He shakes his head with a smile and moves forward, reaching his hand down to rub a finger down Toni’s cheek. She leans into it and coos form the overwhelming safety and love she’s being coddled with.
the dulcet tones of her Mama intermingled with the smooth baritone of her Papa.
“Not yet. A lot of them hate my personality. A lot of them hate that I’m smart. A lot of them only want my body. None have liked me yet,” Toni admits, swallowing heavily and smiling weakly at her brother.
The deep voice that answers her vibrates under her hands as she wipes at what she now realizes is a man’s chest, though it is an inch or so below her own chest.
“We made sandwiches for lunch! Is tuna alright?” Blanche flits over to the kitchen where four sandwiches were waiting on plates.
“They start the fights when they open their fat mouths, Howie. They start the fights when they think they can put their hands on a woman without her permission. They start the fights when they lack the common human decency it takes for a person to not be a complete and total asshole.” And Toni’s feelings on the subject are made clear.
“So are you super smart?” Eleanor speaks up, shooting her eyes away after a moment of eye contact once again.
Today seems to be no different.
Toni’s answer is always the same.
“Hello, my name is Antoinette Stark. My family calls me Annie, but I’ve always preferred Toni. I really like math and science, and am looking forward to learning as much as I can.” Toni finishes with a large smile, beaming at her fellow classmates on her first day of school. She adjusts her blue dress and looks to her teacher for further instruction.
“Oh! Well, it’s wonderful to meet you, Briggs family. I’m Antoinette Stark, but you can call me Toni,” Toni’s smile is more genuine by the end of her introduction.
“You have offended me, and I am a goddess in my own right,” Toni mutters from her position on the ground.
“... this is the first time anything’s gotten physical, Howard. I should have known better, I pushed Smith too far… I just get so angry when he’s always lying and saying I steal your work or I’m clearly not smart or I’m
“Already?” Blanche and Ernest are clearly startled at Toni’s speed.
Howard parts with words from his favorite song, the third performance from their parents.
“We were lucky,” Toni whispers into the frozen air around them.
“You most likely will not like it, Howie,” Toni beats around the bush, nervously tugging at her fingers and tapping her feet.
Toni remembers them every day. She smiles when she sees the corner her dad would utilize to sell fruit. She can’t make any clothes without feeling her mother’s soft touch to the back of her hands, correcting sewing patterns. She remembers them, she loves them, she misses them. She does not, however, cling to them. Not the way the city folk are.
“Maybe actually go to recess every now and then, too. Even a genius needs friends,” She winks and moves back to the front of the library, leaving Toni with her words of wisdom.
“That they are,” Alice agrees, joining the fray with tickling fingers.
Toni just rubs his back and lets him get it all out. Her shirt grows wet and heavy, but she just pulls him tighter to her. They lay this way for hours, soaking each other in.
Howard nods and holds Toni tighter to himself, needing her comfort just as much as she needs his.
“We aren’t granting this to you because we want- or need- you to find a job. We’re doing this because you’re obviously miserable. Maybe reconsider the college aspect of our discussion last night. It doesn’t have to be anywhere fancy or large, but you’ve always enjoyed learning and creating above all else, just like your brother. Just think it over, honey,” Her mother interrupts her when she’s about to protest, a smile on her face.
“Hello, dear, we’re the Briggs. We’re your next door neighbors!” The woman exclaims, a warm smile gracing her pretty face.
Or the conflict of the story can be purely external? I JUST WANT THEM TO BE HAPPY. IS MAKING THEIR RELATIONSHIP SUPER EASY BAD WRITING?
“Annie- you’re only 9 years old right now. It will only get worse the older you grow and the smarter you get. Right now, you have the benefit of being a kid. Only to other kids are you fair game. The older you get, the more enemies you can make, the more people who will feel slighted that a
“Antoinette Alice Stark,” Soul steps forward bowing their orange head to Toni.
“C’mon, Stark! We both know you cheated off your brother! No girl could ever score higher than a boy! Not at anything!” His nasty teeth gnash together as he flaps his jaw at Toni, looming above her after he’d forcefully pushed her to the ground.
“And you, Howie? How are you faring?” Toni pulls back to grip his face and look into his eyes, not trusting him to “burden” her with his emotions on his own.
The teacher ushers Toni back to her chair, allowing the next student to introduce themselves at the front of the classroom.
“Are they doing anything to you, Annie?” Howard steps forward, fury burning in his eyes at the mention of the boys in school starting to become attracted to her.
In late winter of 1939, Stark Industries was established with hopes of revitalizing and revolutionizing the way ordinary people live. It didn’t take long for all of Howard’s years of hard work and dedication to pay off, becoming a multi-million dollar company within a few months of conception.
“One would think you’d be used to being proven inferior to me, Smith. I’ve been smarter than you our entire lives, and I rather believe you’re being obtuse on purpose,” Toni can’t help but snipe back at him, her snarl readily twisting her face into pure fire.
“I’ve been better. I’ve been worse. I’m acclimating. You know me, Howie. I may stumble now and then, but I always ultimately come out on top,” Toni stares into Howard’s eyes as she answers him. She wouldn’t joke about this, not at Howard. He would drop everything he worked for in a heartbeat if he thought she wasn’t handling this well.
Also, Steve’s song is called “Annie’s Song” by John Denver, which I think is a beautiful, short song with just the amount of flowery goodness our Stevie could write lol.
“It rattles constantly and frequently stops working for varying periods of time,” Ernest easily follows her change in subject.
“Well if it isn’t my favorite ladies! Welcome, welcome!” Mary Ellen stands up from where she’d been leaning on the counter in front of a rather tall muscular man. While she’s beaming now, Toni had seen that look before. That’s Mary Ellen’s patented “We’re Going To Have Sex At Some Point” smile. And it works every time.
“But in your dreams, whatever they may be, dream a little dream of me,” Toni answers, smile wide enough the split her freckled cheeks right in half.
Their last night is spent at Joey’s diner, chuckling over empty milkshake glasses and the cold remnants of a plate of french fries.
Howard’s smile wanes a bit, but nods encouragingly for Toni to continue, confusion shining from his eyes.
Almost.
“Okay. I think I already know the issue. I’ll have it fixed in a jiffy,” Toni gets to work immediately, crouching down and keeping track of the hovering presence behind her with ease after years of practice.
“Nah, that’s only at work. If I meet a mouthy fella, I show him how to be a lady. Besides, I’m not the only woman in the city that men feel they can take advantage of,” Toni looks straight forward as she says this, knowing how Howard will react.
“Howie. I will be fine, dandy really, I promise you. Just keep up the letters and we’ll be fine, too,” Toni promises, leaning against the door to their little house- her little house, now.
We see a bit of Toni's childhood!
Toni is going to punch Eddie Smith in his stupid, ugly face.
It’s worked well for her.
She stops by her post office box on the way home to see if any new appointments have been submitted when she sees a letter from Howard. Smiling, she resists the urge to tear into it then and there, withholding only because there might be sensitive data within. Howard had contacted her a couple months ago with the amazing news that he’s done it.
. Howard needs to stay in school so he can go to college and start his career in engineering, but that’s not what I want,” Toni finishes quietly, glancing Howard’s small smile that’s overshadowed by the sorrow in his eyes.
Her parents exchange worried looks before her father nodded. “Your mother and I will further discuss this tonight, Antoinette, and we’ll confer with you tomorrow.” They shuffle from the room, leaving Howard and Toni alone in the kitchen.
“Friday at noon. The park near the cemetery.”
Toni feels sick with the  guilt bubbling in her gut in response to the sweeping wave of relief that whooshes through her body.
Her door is a few inches above her 5’7” and peeling yellowed paint. There are children’s height measurements lining both sides of the doorjamb which Toni refuses to ever paint over. The door opens to reveal two adults a few years younger than her parents and a young child, all dressed in their Sunday clothes.
“Good as new. That’ll be $0.35,” Toni meets his lustful stare with the hardest eyes she has in her repertoire. He’s shaken off-kilter when she’s done so quick, but recovers quickly, a smirk working its way onto his face.
A flush of infuriated humiliation rips across his face before he lunges for the coins and slaps them into her hand.
it for you Howard, and they trusted you to make it happen. You didn’t abandon us, none of us
Toni simply shrugs. “I’ll find someone eventually, I’m sure.”
“Shit, fuck, oh my God, I am so sorry!” Toni scrambles off of the person immediately, standing and dragging them up with her. Her face is bright red and she sees the grease from her arm smeared all over the person’s white button up shirt.
grade level. This world is ruled by class and gender. You have started behind in the foot race, Annie, as both a girl and the daughter of a fruit salesman and seamstress. Right now, the easiest way to protect yourself is to learn how to fight back when they won’t listen to the words you have to say.”
“At least I’ll still be a genius… Is this setting me up for heartbreak?” Toni is hesitant, but bordering on desperate in tone.
up on that one, brother.” Toni grins, following her brother to the bedroom to get some much needed sleep.
“I’ve fixed your radio- improved it even. You will give me the money I’ve earned. And you will
“Yeah, yeah. Talk to you soon, Annie,” he returns the wink and strides away, a new pep in his step.
“No. I’ve enjoyed a few lookers, but nothing with intent,” Howard shrugs, not looking particularly bothered.
“Okay, Toni,” Lenny’s voice is as dazed as it had been in the hallway.
“Why don’t you come on over, Toni? We could treat you to lunch then you can check out the heater if you would like?” Blanche offers, tilting her blonde head back to apartment b, the only other apartment on the fourth floor of the building.
“You know, with you around, it’s almost like they’re still here, Toni!”
definitely take
Howard smiles amusedly at Toni and shuffles forward to press her into a side hug.
“I got to work on a couple of cars a bit ago. Nice ones- 1935 Cadillacs. Just had to vamp up the engine and replace a couple of belts, but they were beauts. Other than that, a lot of the usual. Heaters, radios, ovens, the works. I worked on the Browns’ ice box. Emma asked about you,” Toni smiled teasingly at Howard and sunk into the familiar banter she hadn’t had since he moved away years ago.
“Okay, Bucky. I’ll, uh… talk to you later?” Toni’s too busy staring in horror at Baby Blues to notice the meaningful glance in her direction, then Baby Blues’ as the man, Bucky, it seems, dons a large, shit eating grin very similar to Toni’s not even five minutes earlier.
I do not own anything associated with Marvel or Marvel itself.
“Oh? Anything I might know?” Toni inquires, though she knows there won’t be. Toni’s always liked reading, but it’s almost always been nonfictions on engineering or mathematics.
parents. Certainly not.
“Antoinette Alice Stark,” A voice calls from the darkness beyond her closed eyes. She’s standing? Oh, she’s an adult again. Thank fuck.
The next morning is quiet, but good. Neither wants to part, but both know the other will always be there should it be necessary.
“Another scrap in the schoolyard, Annie?” her mother sighs everytime Toni comes home with split knuckles or a busted lip.
Toni considers her father words for a few moments before nodding. “That sounds completely fair to me. Thank you for allowing me this chance.”
“It’s easy, mama!” Toni assures her mother, not aware that a three year old shouldn’t be able to do what she can do.
“It’s perfect, don’t you guys think?” She turns back to her parents, who seem to have caught their breath and are looking at Toni with gratitude.
“All of them, when word of my brilliance gets around,” Toni answers confidently, chin raised and eyebrow lifted.
“Stark Industries, right? I’ve seen the company logo designs you keep with your machines,” Toni smiles, leaning into Howard.
beat them into smithereens.” Toni’s panting by the end of her rant, cheeks bright red and wild eyed.
“Toni, Toni, Toni! Let’s go visit Mary Ellen at work and get milkshakes!” She’s lunged forward to grab at Toni’s waist, grinning up excitedly at her with big green eyes and a hopeful little smile. That’s playing dirty because Lenny knows that if she makes that face Toni will cave no matter the request.
“Get offa my sister you yellow-bellied baby dewdropper!” Howard yells, puffing protectively between the bully and his little sister.
“Sorry, Ma, Pa. Sorry Miss Toni. I like it- it’s swell,” her blush intensifies once more, but a small smile is present on her face, and Toni counts it as a win.
“Ugh, fine. I have to ask your parents, first, kiddo. If they say, then we can go.” Toni points at Lenny, a faux stern look sitting neatly on her face. Lenny just rolls her eyes in response.
“Hey Sunshine, I had just gotten home from work when pipsqueak over here demanded come here. For the milkshakes only, it had absolutely nothing to do with you.” Toni smiles and laughs when Mary Ellen smacks her shoulder, leaning away and behind Lenny, using her as a human shield.
Mary Ellen lets it go for now, but Toni can just feel her devious plans forming from across the room.
Judging from the giant grin on her face, Mary Ellen is very much interested.
“Look closer at the base, Annie,” Howard’s voice has dropped to a soft whisper, eyes full of love and longing.
Toni had been a little confused at the sheer amount of requests she already had waiting for her. It hadn’t come this easy in Richford, and she had had the added benefit of people already loving her parents there!
“Sweet dreams till sunbeams find you, sweet dreams that leave all worries behind you,” his smile is warm, and Toni thinks that maybe this weekend helped him heal, if only a bit.
“That’ll be $0.35 Mr. Carson. I don’t give discounts for unwanted advances. Now, the $0.35, if you please,” Toni has gathered her tools through his bout of spluttered curses, turning with a large and heavy wrench in hand, poised in a defensive manner.
Toni wants what her parents had. Love, devotion, total acceptance, and just… clicking so easily and naturally. She doesn’t want to just find someone with a shit personality and big muscles then go to town. That’s not what she wants, not in any way.
Toni sucks in a deep breath and checks her next appointment location.
Toni pockets the money without taking her eyes off of him. She slowing crouches to grab her toolbox then backs out of his apartment, eyes on him and wrench raised the entire way to his door. When she pulls it shut after she exits, she sprints down the hallway and stairs, not stopping until she’s burst onto the busy Brooklyn street, gulping lungfuls of city air. She gets a few weird looks, but Toni ignores them, walking briskly until she’s a block away and collapsing on a bench, taking a moment to collect herself.
After a couple years of watching their parents suffer and struggle, Toni approaches Howard while he is experimenting after school.
Howard nods, obviously relieved, but Toni doesn’t miss the sorrow in his eyes, either.
It takes Toni ten minutes to fix their heater, catching up on local news all the while.
The man she’s now staring at is turning red under his soft looking blonde hair, eyes flitting awkwardly to his feet as he bites his lower lip. His slender shoulders and skinny arms are covered in a tan jacket that accentuates his lithe form, his head stopping just below Toni’s eye level.
Working on Chapter 5 as you read this!
Toni and Howard once again laugh and cheer loudly, already enjoying the performance.
“You, young one, exist as either Antoinette or Antonia Stark in the universes of which you are apart. Never as both- only one can exist per universe.”
His eyes flick down to the wrench and back to her face. He breathes heavily as he considers his options for a few moments. He growls and shoves a hand into his pocket, retrieving the appropriate money before flinging it at her.
“We can afford the buck fifty, Toni,” Ernest insists, arms crossed.
“You seem so down these days. Can I do anything for you?”
“I don’t see why not. We already know we get along, plus I wouldn’t mind help paying rent every month. I even know someone who needs an employee, if you’re interested,” Toni barely makes it through the sentence before she has a lap full of Mary Ellen, squealing into her neck.
“Eleanor, take a breath!” Blanche cuts Lenny off in an affectionate tone, betraying her stern expression.
They are all similar in form. Tall, broad, and thoroughly androgenous. No discernable facial features were to be seen, but this, for some reason, did not unsettle Toni as it usually would. The only difference between the six figures is that each of them emit a faint glow of color unique to themselves. Green, orange, purple, blue, yellow, and red.
“Joey Cartwright over at the diner on Newport needs a new waitress. I told him I’d keep an eye out. That sound good to you?”
His name rose to stardom soon after, and Toni is somewhat relieved when not many people in Brooklyn make the connection between the two of them. She’s extremely proud of her brother, but she doesn’t want that sort of attention. She’s gotten some mail from some of the citizens of Richford, exclaiming their pride in Howard, and she happily forwards those letters on with her own, wanting her brother to feel the love of their past as much as he should.
I do not own anything associated with Marvel or Marvel itself.
“We’ve been needing our heater fixed for quite some time! What are your rates?” she asks excitedly, not a wisp of discontent on her face.
Toni looks away, eyes wandering until they fix onto the vase of flowers in the corner of the tan room. She studies the healthy flush of the petunias and sturdy ribs of the vase. They were an impulse purchase on the way home from work two days earlier. The last time she had fought a customer. Something about the flowers had called to her, and she had needed something bright and cheery in her apartment, as Lenny couldn’t exactly be a permanent fixture.
“Thank you, Blanche. This is extremely kind of you folks. Thank you both very much,” Toni shakes both of their hands with a firm nod. “Spaghetti will be ready at 6!” she calls over her shoulder as she shows herself out.
“He’s been helpin’ you since first year, you cancelled stamp,” Smith spits spitefully at Toni, his fury reddening his cheeks. The kids that had gathered around them laughed and jeered “cancelled stamp” over and over.
Before Smith can unleash a punch, a new set of hands dig into each of Smith’s shoulders and rips him off of Toni, sending him sprawling a few feet away, breath knocked from him at the force with which he landed.
They stay in the cold for as long as they can stand, huddled together as they give their silent farewells to their beloved parents.
“That’s hardly even a week away,” Mr. Daley points out, eyebrows raised.
“You offer discounted prices? But $1.50 is already so little!” Ernest speaks up for the first time, his voice surprisingly tenor for a man of his size.
Antoinette. I never even,” a sob works its way from his throat, “I never even thanked them once for being so amazing,” Howard breaks down against Toni and she falls back onto the loveseat, bringing him down with her.
felt that way. You were making us proud, Howie. You’re still making us proud. Me, right here in Brooklyn, and Mama and Papa, wherever they are.” Toni smiles at Howard, gripping his hands like a vice before standing and kissing his hairline.
Toni forces her money on Joey, who tries to wave her off.
“Yes, Mrs. Stevenson, everything is dandy. I was just reading this physics book. Real interesting stuff,” Toni sniffs, tilting her head down and into the book.
“Oh, God, and I got a bunch of grease on your white shirt! Jesus, I am so sorry,” Toni groans, keeping her face bent down as she wipes at the stains, only succeeding in spreading the black around.
“Give me some time, Howie, I’m making them better than you ever could!” she calls back, smirk even bigger than his, knowing that he’d see it for the joke she meant it to be.
Toni and Howard meet eyes on either side of Joey’s spatula and break out in shit eating grins.
Toni makes it about ten feet before a hand grabs her hair and drags her to the ground, a crushing pressure settling on her middle as Smith presses a knee into her chest, fist cocked back, intention clear.
Toni snaps to attention, gasping for breath. She hadn’t realized she’d been holding her breath. She looks away from the man in front of her just as tall, strong, and brunette gets up and checks on him, grabbing his shoulder and asking if he’s okay.
as well as J.R.R. Tolkien’s lecture on said poem. Lenny had nearly died of excitement, hugging Toni around the waist and squealing loudly enough to bring up their grumpy downstairs neighbors.
To her non-perverted customers, she was warm and considerate. She took whatever they could afford to give her, and never once complained. She got her jobs done efficiently and provided witty banter along the way. The people of Richford soon loved her as much as they loved her parents.
“The lovely Alice has titled this number “Timeless and True”, a tale of two people finding love in quiet ways.”
“You’re a genius, Annie. It doesn’t come as a surprise that school isn’t enough for you. Not wanting to attend college is a bit of a surprise, what with how much you’ve always loved to learn, but that’s not our decision to make. You’re suffering at your school, more than we knew, and we’re not going to force you to stay in school if it isn’t conducive to your health.
A few more perverts tried to take advantage of her in the next year, but word spread pretty quickly that she could and would beat you bloody if you tried anything with her.
“No! Go for the child, not me!” Lenny laughs and joins in, so now both Mary Ellen and Lenny are smacking at Toni.
Lenny once again turns bright red. “Sorry Toni,” she apologizes, panting a bit from her enthusiasm.
“Wait- Howie,” her voice is hoarse, but she pushes through, “I need you to know- they knew. They knew how much you loved and appreciated them. Every letter you sent home, every update you gave was met with smiles and pride. They
“Say, any boys dizzy with you yet, Annie?” Howard asks, eyebrows waggling furiously.
Okay, guys! Sorry, that took a bit longer than I expected! I hope you all liked Steve and Toni’s first date! I don’t think I’ll make it completely smooth sailing for our babies, but I just couldn’t throw a wrench in there so soon! They deserved this, OKAY?
And Toni knows that! She truly does. She knows her parents were a very large part of the community of Richford, they were the ones who inspired Toni to try to make a difference herself. It makes sense that the community is taking it so hard. That doesn’t change the way Toni feels about it.
“Now- off to school, darling, your brother is waiting outside for you.”
“Annie,” he breathes out before leaning his head down and scrunching his knees up to pull her into a hug.
Howard and Toni continued to grow as much as they could, soaking up more and more knowledge the older they got.
“Gah! What is this, National ‘Let’s All Abuse Toni and Bruise Up Her Precious, Precious Shoulders Day’?” Toni stands and flounces away from the smacking hands, walking backwards and directly into someone, sending both of them sprawling to the floor.
“It had only been a few weeks. We didn’t realize it was so serious,” Toni answers, voice hollow as she rests on Howard, absorbing the comforting presence of her older brother.
Howard was waiting outside Toni’s classroom after school so they could walk home without Toni being caught by another jealous classmate. The walk is silent until about halfway home, Howard stops walking and turns to Toni.
Her father kisses the top of her head and her mother squeezes her hand and they both exit to head to their jobs.
“Howie! Howie! C’mon, Mama and Papa are gonna sing tonight!” Toni calls, racing through their small house to find wherever Howard’s doing his homework.
Honestly?
“That sounds wonderful, dear! Now. $1.50, you said?” Blanche searches for her purse.
Toni simply nods, resonating with his sorrow but steeling herself against it. Her parents needed this. She would do this for her parents.
Toni makes them a dinner of ham and boiled potatoes before they retire to the living room.
“That’s mighty kind of you, Toni. It’d be an honor to have you work on our heater,” Ernest shakes her hand, respect written all over his face.
“Howard, darling boy, this is your baby sister, Annie,” Alice introduces her to her brother… Howard. Huh, what are the odds?
“I… I really like reading. Fiction,” Lenny clarified, surprisingly bold in the face of sharing personal information.
“Okay, folks, here goes. As you all know, I’m very interested in physics and engineering. I, much like Howie, quite enjoy experimenting and inventing. I also, however, quite enjoy repairing broken objects. It’s cathartic, in a way, to fix what’s been ruined. I know that you guys said to not worry about finances, and I want you to know that this isn’t what that is,” Toni breathes in deeply and relaxes her shoulders, lost as to when they had tensed up.
“But it is your name, young one,” Space steps forward, bowing their blue head at Toni in a similar manner to Soul.
(See the end of the chapter for
Chapter Three: How To Move Forward?
“Oh, please don’t apologize, Lenny! I understand your excitement. It sounds like an exciting book! I, myself, get that way if someone asks me a couple of engineering questions. When I get going, my brother, Howard, is the only person who’s ever been able to keep up with me. Never apologize for your interests. They’re yours. You’re allowed to be vocal about something that excites you. Don’t shut that away,” Toni’s speech is impassioned, even to her own ears. She clears her throat and takes a bite of her sandwich, awkward in the face of their silence.
“Don’t forget- rent’s due the first of every month,” the pudgy little landlord tells Toni for the fourth time, condescending as he dangles the keys before her like one would tease a dog.
“Yes, I do,” Toni confirms, curling up, expecting the same insults and scoldings she gets from her classmates and teachers.
Opening her eyes to the seeming oblivion surrounding her, Toni can’t help but be a little relieved. That was all a dream. Cool. She can’t imagine growing up in the early 1900s. A shudder wracks her frame before six figures step from the darkness.
. . . She’ll give it a try.
“You’ve helped me so much, Toni, I ain’t takin’ that money,” he points a spatula at her, mock threatening her.
“Not my name, but hello,” Toni replies, none too respectfully.
Aye bois, chapter 4 comin’ attcha. In this chapter, we will explore Steve and Toni. Fuckin NICE
“And I… am Iron Maiden,” Toni declares, snapping her fingers through the pain of the infinity stones’ power racing inside her body.
(See the end of the chapter for
As they open the door, Ernest leans in slightly and whispers, “Thank you for that, Toni. She gets some trouble at school for her reading habits. It’s easy to tell that she already looks up to you.”
“Now. Enough of this. Mama and Papa would have tanned our hides if they saw us laying around for hours like this,” Toni smirks, walking to the bathroom. "Now, we're going over to meet the Briggs." She spins around in the bathroom doorway.
“Dear? Is everything all right?”
They let silence fall for a while. It’s better than the silence that’s been permeating the air ever since Mama and Papa died- much lighter, like maybe things won’t be so bad.
The clock on the wall reads five past noon by the time she’s put everything away. A knock sounds at her door before Toni can even consider testing out the very worn loveseat.
“I know you are, Annie. There’s no one I know more capable of protecting themselves than you, but damn if that doesn’t stop me from losing sleep over the thought of you here, by yourself, surrounded by men who want to hurt you,” he admits, curling tighter into their embrace.
“No, Ma. I need to do this. I need to be independent. It doesn’t mean you guys lose me. I swear, it doesn’t. I’ll still be in Brooklyn, you’ll still see me.” Ray smiles warmly at Mary Ellen and turns to Lucy, pride shining in his eyes.
“Now. You have places to be, people to meet, big brother. Don’t keep them waiting,” Toni winks and Howard smiles back at her, a blush on his face for the first time since they were tiny children.
“Howie, can I talk to you?” Toni asks rather meekly, fairly afraid of the discussion they are about to have.
“You’re doing a marvelous job, Annie,” Alice soothes Toni, smoothing her dark brown curls back and pressing a kiss to her forehead.
This, Toni did not appreciate.
Sure, she still deals with the odd pervert and her fights outside of her job never really slow down, but she’s become as much of a staple in Brooklyn’s community as she had been in Richford. The people know her, they respect her, and they like her. She feels more at home in Brooklyn than she did in a parentless Richford.
“What’s this job, Toni?” Mary Ellen controls her squeal long enough to ask.
Howard stuck around for a couple days after the funeral, insisting that he didn’t have to meet his scientist friends for another few days.
“What seems to be the problem with the radio, Mr. Carson?” Toni asks, keeping her voice tight and professional, tension clear in her posture.
Work has also gotten better.
“Thank you for being mature about this… Annie, when you’re making your plan, please don’t take our family’s finances into account.” Her mother requests, a pained look clawing onto her face.
Lucy just stares at Ray for a moment before studying Mary Ellen.
Writing this fic has been so much fun thus far, and it’s very easy to grant a lot of the credit to you guys. Every review is new weight in the enormous dog pile of love I feel, so thank you all, very, very much for reading.
The man shoves to his feet and glares furiously at her.
“Uh… yeah, um, I was at a conference in France when I got word about Mother and Father. I met a couple of chemists who were interesting enough, but nothing too interesting since we’ve last talked. And you?” Howard asks, seemingly relieved for a reason to fill the air with noise.
“Now, at least,” Time greets Toni in uniform with their compatriots. The rest quickly follow suit, bowing their heads to Toni in a sign of respect for a reason she cannot comprehend.
Toni just thinks it’s adorable.
By the autumn of 1939, things have gotten better for Toni.
“Don’t remind me,” he shuddered, soon joining Toni in her laughter.
“So, kitten, you’re new to the city?”
“In a way. It
“Do you want me to teach you how to fight, Annie?” Howard is looking intently into Toni’s eyes and she’s a little taken aback.
“How the two of us birthed two geniuses is beyond me,” their mother added on, a warm smile stretching the skin of her sunken cheeks.
“So… what’s happening with you, Howard? Any new business conferences or people I haven’t heard about yet?” Toni asks, sick of the silence.
He sneers and mutters about whacky broads as he waddles away.
I do not own anything associated with Marvel or Marvel itself.
“We’ll pay you with money first, next time,” Blanche promises, smiling softly at Toni at the mention of their new friendship.
“I understand, Mr. Davis, truly,” Toni’s smile is sharp, bordering on a snarl, as she snatches the keys from his sausage fingers quicker than he could blink.
Her father has sold fruit for as long as Toni can remember, and he continued to do so in the face of the depression. Sales, however, tanked drastically. No one could afford fresh fruit anymore, so as not to waste perfectly edible fruit, he often gave it away for extremely discounted prices or even for free to the needier families before it could spoil.
Toni closes her eyes against the deafening silence that answers her. After a few moments, she opens her eyes to see Howard looking defeated.
“I can help, though! I’ve been learning a lot about engineering, I could do repairs around the city and-” but Toni’s protest is cut off by her father.
Toni only gets a few minutes of work before the bimbo opens his mouth.
He left feeling no better about her work situation, but knowing that there was naught either of them could really do. She had taken him around the city, introducing him to the people who meant the most to her in terms of friendship.
“Antoinette Alice Stark. This is the only time you will get to speak with us on the matter of your Phases. You will remember Phase 1 and this conversation at some point, but that will be all you get. No more visits from us. Do you have any more questions before we release you from your slumber?” Power speaks up, anger seemingly dissipated.
“I truly am sorry to leave you all like this. I just can’t… I can’t be here anymore,” Toni admits quietly to her favorite customers, Mr. and Mrs. Daley, a kind old couple who ran through most social circles with smiles and words of wisdom.
“Life can throw a lot at you. You might not be prepared for all of it, but one thing will always ring true: Starks are made of iron.”
“A lot of people don’t know how to handle a powerful girl, Toni. You thirst for knowledge and absorb it quicker than most. I’ve seen you in here, most days, for the past two years. The titles you put under your belt get more and more advanced every time I see you. Don’t hide from your intelligence, child. Don’t be ashamed of it or wary of it. It is a gift not to be taken lightly. Others might not see it that way. But your opinion is the only opinion that matters when it comes to this, Toni. Listen not to what the others have to say.” Mrs. Stevenson stands, smiling down at the still gaping Toni.
Their father began, his smooth baritone crooning out sweet words of love and light, leaning further into their mother’s embrace. Her head popped out from around his shoulder and her clear soprano mixed with his voice, her own words pouring like honey from her mouth.
Toni’s heart sinks down her chest and settles heavily in her stomach. “So I was right? I’ve been reincarnated? As my
Power flexes, their purple glow intensifying for a moment, clearly irritated with Toni’s disrespect.
Boy Howdy, it’s chapter 3 ladies. I didn’t really plan on making any OCs that had any relevance to the story in a prolonged manner, so Mary Ellen and Lenny kinda took me by surprise. They’ll never be the focus of the story, but they’ll definitely be recurring!
“Then they’re all idiots who don’t deserve you anyway,” Howard growls out, clear anger in his voice.
“So… what’s the verdict?” Her palms are sweating and her breaths are coming shallow.
“Eggs in coffee, little sister,” Howard smirks and Toni just exasperatedly rolls her eyes.
“Starks are made of iron,” she repeats in the strongest voice she can muster.
From that day on, Toni has a friend.
“Okay. Okay, I’ll leave you be. And you better believe I’ll keep the letters up, I have near endless designs that’ll require your input,” Howard smiles and steps forward to pull Toni into a crushing hug.
“They were so mean, Papa, I just don’t understand!” Toni cries in her father’s arms after a particularly rough day at school.
“We just miss them so much, Toni.”
“Are their plots ready?”
“How many encounters have you had?” he holds her eye contact, but relaxes slightly, granting her the trust they’d formed over their lifelong companionship.
Toni’s heart beats faster just at the thought of getting away from Richford, of finding a new home to make new memories rather than wallow in old ones.
“I don’t have any friends, mama. No one wants to be friends with the freak genius girl who wins fights and wears pants. I’ve no need for school anymore. They can’t teach me anything new and I’m miserable every day I’m there,” Toni admits, dropping her gaze to her hands, folded in her lap.
“Static flashes in and out. It also doesn’t receive any stations past the news. I’m missing out on all the boxin’, kitten,” His voice is forced deeper than it had been earlier, and Toni keeps herself alert as she nods.
“No. I don’t think there’s much I can say to make you feel better short of ‘I’m going to cease being a repairman’ or ‘I’m moving to Manhattan, want to be roomies?’. And neither of those will be comin’ outta my mouth anytime soon,” Toni snorts and Howard considers her for a moment.
“Well, oh so great one,” Howard teasingly mocks her, setting his bag next to her face, “I brought you a gift, brat, and
Toni showed Howard some of her favorite haunts, including a couple alley ways where she’d had to beat up some jerks.
It’s slightly bigger than Toni’s apartment and filled with warm scarlets and tans, feeling much more a home than Toni’s own little space.
“Hmmm. But did he speak of my great skill and low prices?”
Toni and Howard lose it, laughing and clapping wildly for their father.
“Well, a great man once said that Starks are made of iron. I’ll just have to prove him correct, now won’t I?”
Toni looks up and hastily wipes her tears, not wanting the kind librarian to see her so miserable.
The horde of cheering children quiets down at the arrival of Howard, who’s always been very much popular at their grade school. He’s the coolest kid, especially to the youngsters in Toni’s class.
Toni nods. “Alright. Let me get my tools and change into my coveralls real quick. I’ll be back with you shortly.”
“I want something genuine, Mary Ellen. It wouldn’t be fun for me knowing that they only wanted my body.”
Toni looks back at the counter to see Lenny bent over at the waist trying to keep her laughs in. Mary Ellen, however, is darting her eyes between Toni and Baby Blues, a slow smile growing. She turns hopeful eyes on Toni, flicking them back to the man, a question in her eyes.
“I can’t… I can’t stay for long,” his voice is pained, “but I couldn’t not see you. It’s been a month. Have things gotten better?”
“I was thinking of doing the same thing,” Howard confesses, smiling weakly at Toni when her shoulders slump.
“Hey, a girl can only learn from her own experiences how to handle the world,” Toni shrugs, figuring it was probably obvious that she had faced similar struggles. “So. what’s happening with this bad boy?”
“Oh, Baby. I’ll have words with your teacher, you better believe that. But in the meantime, let me share a bit of wisdom my father shared with me when I faced my own bullies, alright?” Papa life Toni off of his lap and sets her down on the floor, crouching down until he’s face level with her.
Well he certainly never was one to beat around the bush.
Toni smiles to herself for a moment before answering Blanche.
“How many people will want to hire a girl, Anne?” His voice isn’t condescending or mean, simply searching.
Toni swallow around the lump in her throat. “Yes. A tuna sandwich sounds amazing.”
Reviews are accepted and appreciated!
“But you’re also the son of a fruit salesman and seamstress. I mean, sure, you’re a boy, but you’re just as smart as me! No one ever gets angry at you for it!” Toni cries more at the simple unfairness of it all.
. You are everything I ever needed, big brother. My rock, some would say. They were…
“I have room in my apartment, Mary Ellen.” Toni’s words take Mary Ellen by surprise before she lights right up.
His eyes meet Toni’s again and her chest aches. His baby blues are wide and wary, a fire buried deep inside that burns brighter than anything she’s ever seen, and in this moment, Toni is the reckless, enchanted moth unable to stay away.
“I do not offer those kinds of services, Mr. Carson,” Toni’s voice has now gone flat, and she finishes screwing the inner panels back in place.
“All done!” Toni exclaims, wiping some grease onto her coveralls and hopping to her feet.
Alrighty, guys, that’s it for Chapter 2! I hope I painted Toni’s childhood well enough for you all! Chapter 3 should be up soon! Thank you for your continued support!
to satisfy your godly demands.”
“Come inside, Howie,” Toni pulls him inside her apartment, eyeing the Brigg’s door warily. They’ve seen her knuckles, but she’s never discussed her work issues with them. Especially not in front of Lenny. She can stay relaxed for another few years.
A lot of customers hire her with the intention of testing her, seeing if her recommendations are accurate. When she lives up to them, those skeptics turn into believers, and she gets more recommendations.
Howard’s pen strokes speak of the jittery excitement with which he wrote his words.
For about two seconds, that is.
Mama and Papa think the fuck not.
Howard only raises an eyebrow at the kids, helping Toni up off the ground. He places his arm around her shoulders, smirking at Emma Brown. “Annie here is the smartest person I know, including me. She’s a bona-fide genius, truly better than you Dumb Doras in every conceivable way.”
“Thanks, Mikey. They really were. We’re all gonna miss them. I’ll see you Tuesday, okay? Save me some mustard,” Toni smiles and pats his large, rounded shoulder as he leaves.
After about twenty minutes of introductions, they are ready to begin learning. Toni perks up at her desk, an excited smile stretching across her face.
Toni returns the hug as tightly as their awkward position can allow. “I know that you’re worried, Howie, but I’m sending my message. I don’t start the fights, but I end them. People are starting to gather that. Besides,” Toni adds, shrugging around their embrace, “I think I’m getting near the end of the line of pervs. It’s slowed down significantly in that area since I sent you that letter.”
“They’re learning to simply let me be, mama. I don’t start the fights, but I always finish them.”
“October 28th,” Toni says quietly, leaning slightly into their touches.
“I’m simply setting boundaries for this professional exchange, Mr. Carson. Now, I only have a few more adjustments to make here, then I will be on my way,” Toni keeps her tone light, but she tenses herself, ready to fend off any possible passes that could come her way.
“Yes. I’ve been making plans for a while,” Toni tries her best to smile.
“This has happened with few other souls in the history of our existence, child. When their memories were awakened, they were but a memory for the souls. Fond memories, yes, but detached in a way. You will be safe from such heartache.” Mind assures Toni.
“I’m sorry I’m worrying you so much, Howie. And we both know I can’t promise I’ll always be safe. But Howard, these men are just as dangerous outside of their homes as they are inside of them. They definitely have more confidence to try something in their own homes, but the… desire,” Toni shudders at the grossly lacking word to describe their disgusting urges, “would be there if I were to cross their path in the street. All women have to deal with pervy men. I simply have to do so more than the average woman because I enter many homes,” Toni shrugs.
“Yes.”
“Ma, Pa, I
“But the teacher is the same way! She snaps at me when I answer her questions and glares at me when I read quietly!” Toni complains with tears streaming from her eyes.
Life is going very well for the Starks, and for the first time in a long time, they were all breathing easy.
The Depression had ended a couple months after the establishment of Stark Industries, and Howard’s adamant that Toni’s prices and discounts don’t have to be so drastic anymore. Toni politely disagrees.
Chapter 4 in the works!
, so don’t you dare think they died thinking you’d left us behind. They
“Phase 2? As a new person? How many people get this end of the deal, hot shots?” she asks, tired with this discussion already.
Toni glances at Ernest to check for any judgement but simply finds him smiling fondly at his wife’s enthusiasm.
Walter and Alice Stark are overwhelmed by a fever in late January of 1937 and die in their sleep. The community grieves them, and Howard comes back to Richford for a week to help plan the funeral with Toni.
“But Howard, she’s been stealing your work! She’s been pretending to be smart, trying to be like you, we suspect,” Emma Brown speaks up from the crowd, smiling toothily at Howard, her crush obvious.
“Any girls you’re gone on, big brother?” Toni asks in return, wanting to move on.
Howard and Toni exchange letters very often, and Howard sends her designs and schematics often, looking for her input and improvements. It’s a good way to satisfy her inventor itch as well as help her beloved brother.
Toni takes a deep breath. “I’m going to drop out of school to help mama and papa support the family.”
“Ugh, that hag,” Howard frowned, disgusted by the mere mention of the girl.
Mary Ellen has found out how to have fun in her independence, and she dates quite often and rarely seriously. She’s dragged Toni on more double dates than Toni cares to admit, all ending in Toni storming away from the scene with an embarrassed and infuriated flush on her face and Mary Ellen staying at her dates for the night, getting a good pounding that she’ll insist upon sharing with Toni the next day. She doesn’t understand why Toni doesn’t just lose her virginity to one of the many men with whom she’s been set up.
Toni disagrees.
Not even a month later, Howard shows up on her doorstep, a bag in hand and a bright smile belied by the concerned eyes hovering above.
“Yes, I am. And, please, call me Miss Stark.”
“Are you sure you can handle it, doll? It’s a pretty big radio,” his voice holds all the condescension of a bully and Toni’s knuckles turn white from pure exertion.
“These two lives in particular are simply linked, in a way. There will come a point in Phase 2 that Phase 1 will be remembered by you, your soul,” Soul steps in, cooling Power’s anger.
She squeezes her eyes shut and prays the rest of her post box won’t be composed of assholes like Andrew Carson.
“Very,” Howard agrees.
“You know it, brother.” Joey points the spatula at them each in turn, suspicion lighting his eyes.
Alright! Yeah, bois, that’s chapter three for ya! I used a The Mamas and The Papas song called “Dream a Little Dream of Me” for Toni and Howard’s parents’ song. I thought I was being clever lol
Toni thinks she’s going insane. It’s been months and the townspeople just won’t leave her alone. They hang onto her parents in a way that only exhausts her.
“I know you said that it isn’t what you want, but you will always have a place in my professional life,” Howard assures Toni, wrapping an arm around her shoulders and squeezing tightly.
“What did I do to deserve such a tenacious sister, huh? What gods have I offended?” Howard smirks and stands, dumping Toni onto the ground and dancing to his bag, away from her flailing limbs.
Toni jumps excitedly to her feet, snatching up the bag and charging to her dining table. “Is it the new schematics for the hover car? Or that dehydration chamber you we-” Toni cuts off, simply staring at the object in her hands. A shiny silver microphone stares back at her, big enough to rest completely in both of her hands and weighty enough that Toni’s forearms are clenched tight. It’s fastened to a very short but wide stand, covered in small squiggle designs, turned into a chachki for display. Toni simply looks up at Howard, question clear in her eyes.
“You’ll face a lot of rejection and speculation. You’re 13, not 30. You’ll have to be persistent, and willing to accept ridicule. Your skin needs to be thick. It’s going to take a while for anyone to take you seriously, if ever,” Her father warns her, Howard’s line of questioning snapping him out of his daze.
Toni sighs and unclenches her fists, trying to let her anger drain from her fingertips. “No, Howie, they haven’t done anything. Just some vulgar comments before I beat their ugly mugs in.” Toni smiles reassuringly at Howard before turning to her mother once again.
Reviews are accepted and appreciated!
“I never planned on college, so that won’t be a problem, but mama, papa, I
Oblivion is prevalent for a good few moments before blinding white fizzles across the whole world, and Toni’s suddenly staring into the eyes of the woman holding her.
“You’re… you’re wearing pants,” she whispers, meeting Toni’s eyes briefly before turning red and darting her eyes quickly away.
“Ah, yes, darlings, we haven’t had such a warm welcome in quite some time,” their mother bowed at the waist and held out her hand for their father, who grabbed it and spun into his much shorter wife’s embrace.
“So… do I get this meeting between each of my lives or what?” Toni’s temper has died down to annoyance.
“Lenny,” she hears the girl whisper, sounding a bit dazed.
“That we did, darling,” Walter boasts, scooping Howard up in one arm, Toni in the other. Both of the children squeal, laughing wildly as their father flops around, smelling of sweet apples and juicy peaches.
“NO!” Lenny shouts in a clearly uncharacteristic moment of volume if her parents’ reactions are anything to go by.
“. . . Is that supposed to make me feel better?” he asks, releasing Toni and pursing his lips at her.
Howard simply smiles down at her in response, turning them both and walking away from the offended splutters of the kids.
Toni and Steve have finally met. Where to go now?
She saved up enough money to be okay for a couple months if work is slow, which Toni suspects will be the case. She’ll have to prove her worth to Brooklyn just as she had to in Richford. She whispers a quick prayer for her knuckles. She’s sure they’ll split on many new faces.
That wasn’t exactly what he had in mind.
Startled, Toni follows his command and promptly freezes up, tears filling her eyes. She blinks them away so she can read more of the gorgeous words circling the base, words of love and longing, words of tranquility and contentment, words of loyalty and devotion. Their mother’s songs circle the microphone, words so small and tight to fit as much as possible in  and Toni can just
Steve was quiet for a few beats, thoughtful and hesitant, but finally, he said, "Okay. I think I can do that."
They'd had this conversation a dozen times by now, and it never went anywhere.
He wishes he had something to eat. It's been well over twenty-four hours since he last had anything, and even that was a sandwich instead of a proper meal. A way to light a fire and something to burn would be good, too, but he has no easy way of getting either of these. He'd have to descend to the valley, where he wouldn't have any shelter. Since he's not about to starve or freeze overnight, he decides to stay where he is, try to nap, and look for food tomorrow.
"Welcome to Crabb Castle," Rumlow, the tough-looking, stubble-chinned Northerner announced, and shoved Tony into a cell with enough force that he stumbled and landed on his knees. "I don't think you'll enjoy your stay, unless you come to your senses about where your loyalties lie," Rumlow added, locking the door behind him.
Tony had finally changed out of the coveralls, into casual clothing that fit the surroundings: a dark blue woollen sweater and simple gray pants. He looked good, and more than that, perfectly fine and uninjured. He walked without any trace of a limp or the hunched posture of someone guarding recent chest wounds. Considering what he'd been through three days ago, that was nothing short of miraculous.
"I'm very much an ordinary human, and all too aware of that," Tony said, sounding confused.
"Let's leave that for later," Randall said ominously. Either it had been a long time and he wasn't telling Steve to avoid upsetting him, or he just wanted to keep Steve in the dark. "First, how are you feeling?"
"I'll get you there, I will," Tony promised.
“You know them already,” Tony said. His voice had gone soft and tired, his eyes closed. “J told you.”
Steve wasn't sure he'd ever been this hard from touches that were so light and cautious, but then, this wasn't like any other sexual encounter he'd ever had. This was Iron Man, the friend who understood him almost perfectly even without words, the one he'd trust with his life without hesitation. Iron Man, still wearing most of his armor, his arms covered in golden mesh up to the wrists, the legs stretched out next to Steve's wearing boots of shiny red metal.
Unsurprisingly, the receptionist instantly offered him the use of the tiny office in the room behind her counter, allowing him to call through the list she'd provided him. He knew this was a long shot, but if today's work had told him anything, it was that his chances of finding anyone who knew Tony's location were slim at best, since neither his friends nor his enemies had any clue.
An idea was starting to take form in Steve's mind, an extremely risky one, but one that could solve everything if they got it right.
"You're no better than he is," the reptilian spat, looking like they might go on fighting.
Tony sat back in the armchair, his shoulders hunched, hands clasped together on his lap. "I probably shouldn't have said any of that. Now I've made this weird. Why don't I ever know when to shut up?"
"Banging my head against a brick wall by the name of Detective Coulson, mostly," Steve replied.
There it was, confirmation for what Steve had already guessed.
The way Iron Man was touching him was almost reverent, like he was trying to memorize the outline of each muscle, tracing the still wet skin of Steve's abs, over his sides, then back up again, across his ribs. This time, he pinched the nipples between his fingers with both hands, though it was a tentative touch. He didn't speak a word, and yet Steve could tell this was a question.
Over the days following the battle, Steve found himself thinking about Tony a lot. He met Tony a few times, too, in debriefing sessions with SHIELD, and doing cleanup with the Avengers, like when they sent Thor and Loki back to Asgard with the Tesseract.
Tony sat back and crossed his arms, looking frustrated. “How, exactly?”
He hisses out an angry breath and promises himself that he won't think about Tony today. He needs to focus on his own survival instead of obsessing about someone who doesn't want anything to do with him.
"Not really," Steve said. It was true, too; during the war, he'd hardly had time for relationships, not to mention the challenges of maintaining his secret identity. Since the end of it, he'd had nothing beyond brief and often anonymous encounters with no emotional attachment.
Steve takes Tony's hand between his, his synthetic skin warm and soft against Tony's. "Thank you."
Rumlow wasn't difficult to find: he was in the canteen, enjoying the variety of foods on offer. Bucky had already done the same earlier, and it had been wonderful to have a nice slow-cooked stew and fresh fruits for dessert, quite the contrast to the meager rations they'd had on the road. Bucky was developing a taste for the island's foods, which tended to be spicier than what he was used to.
"Until we know for sure what's up with Stane and Tony, all we can do is wait," Steve told him.
"I'm sure I will," Tony said. "Just not about this."
Steve grabbed a bar stool and raised it in front of himself just in time to parry the first attack. The claws cut into it, slicing the seat cushion in half and leaving him holding just a metal frame. He turned it sideways to put at least something between himself and his attacker, blocking another sharp-clawed lunge.
"You can't take the blame for everything that happened," Steve said. If he'd had any doubts about Tony's integrity, they were all gone now. He could see how much pain this had caused Tony. In a way, even though he'd been the one to light the fires, Tony had been more of a victim than the true culprit. "They attacked you. They shot at you. You would've died without those powers. What you did was all self-defense, even if it was extreme. It was the Kingpin and his men that made you lose control."
"As a matter of fact," Tony began, but the waitress finally showed up, saving Rhodey from Tony's best take on Modern Molecular Genetics for Dummies. Not that Tony was about to complain; this also meant that he finally got his coffee and put in an order for a pile of eggs, bacon and pancakes. After last night's party, he needed some salt and grease with his caffeine. Which made this exactly like most mornings in his life.
"Nothing out of the usual," Bucky said, going straight for the food. "The last I heard, there was some apartment fire in Greenwich Village. First radio traffic was around half an hour ago. It doesn't sound particularly unusual, though. Could be a regular accident."
Steve studied Jarvis's face carefully, looking for any hint that he wasn't telling everything. He was usually quite good at reading people, but Jarvis didn't give away much. Either he was being honest, or he had an impeccable poker face.
"Friday, bring up my notes on Project Alcatraz," he said as he waited for the worst of the queasiness to settle.
Of course, there would've been an easy way to find out. All he'd need to do would be to ask Steve, run the matching algorithm on their genomes, and he'd know.
As they approached their destination, they finally started heading northwards. On the evening of the sixth day, over a dinner of bean stew and stale bread, Natasha announced that they would reach Crabb Castle by the following afternoon.
He landed face-down on the concrete, though he couldn't feel the impact through the pain overwhelming his synthetic nerves. He couldn't see or hear a thing; it was like a terrible mirror image of what he'd experienced last night.
He pinched the bridge of his nose and drew a deep breath, pushing the thoughts away before they were fully formed. He looked at Tony, focusing on how different he looked, the grayed hair and the lined face.
Is he thinking about Steve, too?
Steve settled down in the chair next to Tony’s bed. In place of entertainment, he got a tablet that had Bruce’s results on the creature and the substance so far. He wouldn't understand all of it, but being an Avenger had been surprisingly good training for understanding strange science, so he supposed he could at least get the key details.
"Good," Steve said, squeezing Tony's hand reassuringly.
"What about your news? Did you find out anything last night? Meet any mobsters?" Bucky asked curiously.
"Stane," Steve said. It sounded gruff, but hopefully in a dangerous, defiant way.
"And by self-destruct, Jarvis doesn't just mean a data purge. He took down two drones when he set off the charges," Rhodey said, a definite note of pride in his voice. "There were eight in total. Even with the armor, I was no match for them, and there wasn't enough time for Tony to suit up, so he was shooting at them with one gauntlet." His forehead shifted into a frown under Steve's hand at the memory. "It was all over in a matter of minutes."
"You're not what I expected," Tony commented, in such a startling parallel to Steve's thoughts that he let go of Tony's leg and sat back to face him.
“Howie!” Toni squeals, darting forward to tackle her brother in a tight hug.
Black invades her vision and she glances her wife’s beautiful face one last time before she succumbs.
They move forward as one, coming to a stop in front of the small gravestones.
“Enough of that, young lady. You are 13 years old, the responsibility of this family lies with your mama and I, not you or your brother.”
Mary Ellen Johnson is an incredibly kind woman. She’s only one year older than Toni, and she has to be the sunniest, most lovable girl Toni had ever met. Her and her parents, Ray and Lucy, are some of the wealthier people in Brooklyn. They always insist on paying Toni in full for her services, and they donate often to the homeless shelters. Toni likes them all quite a bit, so when she hears them arguing, she can’t help but listen in from her spot shoulders deep in their icebox.
“Eleanor Briggs! Never raise your voice at the table!” Blanche.
“I call first bath, then you can clean yourself up and you can meet my first friends.” Toni closes the door, his gobsmacked face the last thing she sees.
“Definitely.”
And so time marched on.
“I’m so sorry for your loss, Toni, Howard. They were stand up people.” Mr. Martinelli from the hot dog stand downtown is the last straggler at the funeral, and Toni and Howard are quick to dismiss him.
“Definitely. I’ll spread the word of your services at my factory. How can they get in contact with you?” Ernest asks, a small smile on his stubbly face.
Toni’s mama’s sewing business also drastically suffered. Folks would rather go with torn clothes than spend money on a non-essential. Toni’s mom also took discounted prices, but eventually began to offer free lessons in mending clothing so the families could keep as warm as possible while only occasionally buying a new spool of thread or needle.
“How long had they been sick?” Howard asks Toni quietly, huddled together under a pile of blankets on their parents’ bed.
far away from the warmth her and everybody else feels from it. It’s beautiful, and Toni feels connected to Mary Ellen in a way she never had before.
Toni can’t help but smile fondly at his hasty goodbye. He’s been extremely busy since he opened for business, but he still always finds time to write her. Setting the letter aside, she has just enough time to read through the first chart on vibranium before there’s a knock at her door. Lenny waits on the other side.
“Yes, young one, you are in a different universe. The soul cannot exist more than once in any particular universe.”
And Antonia knows no more, shifting soundly into the infant body of Antoinette Alice Stark.
“Wait- this has to do with fucking Tha-”
“You know, honey,” Mrs. Stevenson bends until she’s seated next to Toni on the floor, “that’s some really advanced material you’re reading. Do you understand it all?” she asks, tilting her head to the side and studying Toni.
He feared this would tarnish the good memories forever. He'd already lost so much of his past. He didn't want to lose that, too.
"And why not? Not like you had any issues with leaving me alone when we first got there," Tony reminds him. A slight flush has appeared on Tony's cheeks, and while it makes him look a little healthier, this isn't how Steve wanted to get there.
"Not much. I've been trying to figure it out, but haven't gotten very far," Steve said. He wasn't sure how much he should tell these people; the fact that they'd put a tracker on him didn't make them seem trustworthy, but protecting him from Tony did.
Right now, with Steve standing so very close, his usually pale cheeks flushed, his blue eyes flaring with fury, Tony still wasn’t sure whether he wanted to punch Steve or jump his bones. Possibly both.
"Oh, thank the stars," came the reply in Rhodey's voice. He sounded bone weary. Accompanied by more whirring and clanking, he stepped into plain view. He was wearing the mech suit, or at least some parts of it: his left arm was covered in silver-colored metal, his right unarmored from the shoulder down. The remaining torso parts and one leg of the suit looked badly damaged. He didn't have a helmet on, either, and the right side of his face was covered in blood.
Steve crossed his arms, glaring right back. “And I’m not gonna apologize for it. I was worried you were bleeding out!”
"Day's specialties are on the board," the waiter said, waving a hand at the blackboard on the wall without taking his eyes off of Steve.
Tony pulled away his hand, sudden shock and confusion clawing at his chest like some glitch in the repulsor pump. Everything had been perfect, but somehow, he had ruined it, and for the life of him, he didn't know what it was that he'd done.
"No objections, then?" Tony checked, his fingers clasping the hem of Steve's shirt to tug it out of his slacks.
"You won't remember me, but I was working for SHIELD at the time. Just a junior file-shuffler, the kind of person no one pays attention to," Fury went on. Somehow, even though he was currently sitting in an office, Steve had a hard time picturing this man as a file-shuffler, but then, it had been a long time ago. "Most of the things that took place then didn't touch me at all, but I heard enough to piece together that it wasn't right, and that I didn't like it. So, I stuck around and tried to figure out what was going on. Later, when I realized I knew too much and I was going to get into trouble for it, I left."
“Oh yes, what a trial for you to be trapped in the same room as your teammate, while I’m obviously having the time of my life here,” Steve grumbled back at him.
"Anyone there? You alright?" Tony called out in the common Saurian language.
"Any dizziness or nausea?" Randall asked. His gaze traveled over Steve's body, from head to toe, but his eyes were unfocused. Steve guessed he was wearing some kind of diagnostic contacts, maybe interfacing with sensors built into the bed. Unlike in the small, functional rooms at SHIELD, there were no displays anywhere on the walls around them.
"I'm here," the dinosaur replied him in a sibilant theropod accent, settling on the ground by the bars of the cell. "I'm Seren, daughter of Tharen, and I'd be lying if I told you I'm alright. You won't be, either. We are prisoners in the North, and nothing here is alright."
"It's likely, but we don't know the full depth of it, or how willing he was to work with them in the first place," Fury replied.
"Not at all. I think it's good that I'm freeing her time for other tasks," Steve says. Tony thinks there's a strange edge to his voice, but he has no idea how to interpret it. It's not sarcasm. More like resignation.
Tony, or whoever he was, gave Steve another unpleasant smile, this one more condescending than cruel, and sat back again. "Oh, but I'm doing it, and I am Tony Stark. Ask anyone. Believe what you will, that won't change the facts." He picked a knife out of mid-air, a simple one with a double-edged blade. He placed the point of it against the soft skin beneath Steve's chin, forcing him to tilt his head backwards. "So, you know the question already. You can save yourself a lot of pain if you just tell me where you went."
He turned towards the device closest to him again—only to learn that it was already too late.
"He has, though," Miss Potts said, her voice as soft as Steve's. "A lot has changed while you were on ice, Mr. Rogers."
Steve moaned at the combined sensations. He wanted this to last; it was like a dream come true that he didn't want to wake up from, but he was so very close already.
Within the span of the few minutes he spent in Steve's company, he already started to consider Steve a person, and no matter how much he tells himself that's an illusion, he can't make himself fully believe it. Of course, the amount of time he's spent thinking about Steve's counterpart in the cave certainly doesn't help.
"Oh, yeah, that's better than any toy, that's so good," Tony murmured.
When the channel finally came to life again, it wasn't Tony's voice, but Rhodey's. "We've got incoming. Drones, at least four."
Tony glared at him suspiciously. "Then why didn't he come here himself? Why send you instead?"
If Steve had only been Steve Rogers, he would've written Tony a letter telling him he'd indeed like to meet again, and to sort out a suitable time for his visit. He wasn't, though, and he was certainly not going to wait as long as it took for a letter to reach Tony's hideout, and then the same time again for Tony's reply.
That's not fair, going for that bucket of cold water after all the seducing things Steve was saying, but he's right, as he so often is. "Yeah, I guess we should," Tony agrees. "What did you do to him, anyway?"
He stops resisting the pull of gravity and settles down on the ground. It's wet, but at least the muddy soil under his cheek is soft.
"A week!" Steve repeated, getting up from his seat, his voice raised in outrage. "Why wasn't I told earlier?"
"Almost nothing," Tony said, then nodded towards the chairs. "Want to sit down?"
Kamski doesn't make any calls as far as Tony can see, but he's barely had time to settle down in his chair when the door opens and Chloe—or at least
What they didn't expect was heavy resistance with combat frames equaling Steve's.
Steve had cuddled close to him and finally settled down, his breathing easing out, the shivers dying down, and it had given Tony such joy to think that maybe he had been able to keep at bay whatever demons haunted Steve's nights. They had fit together so well, Steve's slim body pressed against Tony's, filling a hollow within him that he'd thought would always remain empty.
"Tony, please," Maya insisted. "I do have a lot to apologize for. I'll explain everything. Tonight at eight, at the waterside end of Wolcott Street."
Steve caught one last glimpse of Tony, on the ground, leaning on one hand, the other splayed over his chest. He was still glowing, but not as brightly as the sea of flames around him.
All in all, kidnapping definitely seems like the best bet for what happened. It's not like it's his first time. It's also far from the worst, considering that he's not in excruciating pain, just slightly bruised and chilled.
"Natasha's still with him," Pepper pointed out. "She'll do whatever she can to help."
The waiter's scowl lessened slightly. "Fine. Drinks?"
He considered himself mentally well-disciplined. He had to be, for his job. Still, when he retreated to his bedroom, he struggled to push away the memories of what they'd done there mere hours ago—or that it might've been their last time together.
Tony didn't waste his breath on replying, and didn't slow down. Instead, he skirted to the left, hoping the thicker foliage there would hide him.
