with Captain Rogers, first in interest and affection. Having had it and taking it for granted all these years, she had enjoyed it without reflection or care; and only now in the dread of being dismissed, did she realize how important it had been to her. She had been first with him for many years past. She had not deserved it; she had often been negligent or perverse, slighting his advice, or even willfully opposing him, quarrelling with him for the simple fact that she felt she
Steven’s mouth twists something fierce, an emotion Antonia cannot name flitting across his face, and Antonia continues, “Even if he has nothing else to recommend him than being well-grown and good looking, he will be a treasure at Highbury. We do not often see fine young men, well-bred and agreeable. Mr. Hammer is proof of that.”
“Antonia. Your views on Virginia, on marriage, are best known to yourself; but as I know you love yourself a matchmaker it is fair to suppose plans you have. And as a friend, I shall just hint to you that if Hammer in the man, it will be in vain.” He continued, “If you won’t listen to reason, listen to me. Hammer will not do. Hammer is a respectable vicar of Highbury and unlikely to make an imprudent match. He may talk sentimental, but he is nothing but. He’s an opportunist and will climb the social ladder any way he can. His general way of speaking, in unreserved moments with only men present, suggest he does not mean to throw himself a way. He speaks of ladies his sisters are intimate with, who all have dowries spanning thousands of pounds. Even if he were infatuated with Virginia – which I don’t believe he is – he’s too pragmatic to throw that away.”
Steve finds him like this, unfolding from the old Chevvy looking every inch the enlistment dream. Pressed cotton and starched linen, lines crisp against his endless shoulders. He’s stuck, a little, on the
“It’s just science!” Bucky shouts, to the guffaws of the groups, “if you are getting laid, you do better work. Universal fact.”
manufactured weapons becoming the ones you only have to fire once to wreak destruction. No thought or planning needed. Steve takes it in, takes it all in with only a nod here and there to show he’s listening until Tony mentions Rwanda, talks through Bosnia and Steve is screaming. Tony doesn’t ever want to repeat that, but now he seems to have a front row ticket to the slow imploding of Steve Rogers.
it though?” Steve blurts out, frustration and exhaustion clouding his voice, “How can you stand to watch anyone suffer?”
So lost in his thoughts, he doesn't recognize Sam's stupidly obvious attempts to get a good camera angle.
The laugh Maria graces them with from the car across the drive is light enough to float through the air.
, was so very well received, perhaps the main reason being how well Captain Rogers curried favour with those invited. He was a popular man, strongly admired by Highbury for speaking to everyone on the same footing, and for the work he’d put into his own inheritance, never one to shy away from hard graft.
Steven takes her hand, wrapping it up around his arm, before staring at her so seriously she feels she should reach forward and tidy the errant hairs framing her face, “I can very well imagine.” Voice husky.
It was indeed, so odd. Pepper’s behavior was odd. The engagement was odd. This entire day was so odd and Antonia did not know how to understand it. Pepper seemed to show no disappointment, concern or upset at the discovery, and Antonia found herself speechless.
“A man can always, if he chooses, do his duty; not by maneuvering or finessing, but by vigour and resolution. It is Clint Barton’s duty to pay this attention to his father. He knows as much by his promises and his messages; but if he wished to do it it might be done. A man who felt rightly would sat at once, simply but firmly, to Mrs. Barton – ‘every sacrifice you will always find me ready to make to your convenience; but I must go and see my father immediately as a mark of respect to not fail him on this occasion’ – if he were to say to her with kindness but certainty, there would be no entreaty.”
Steve’s answer is dripping with sarcasm, “Gee, I really Bucky’d our first meeting.” And Tony’s off again, Steve helpless but to chuckle in response. There is something so innocent about Tony’s laughter he can’t NOT join in.
crash against his mind so much so his throat thickens with unshed tears. To think he was so close to losing this. He’s not allowed down that rabbit hole long before the light that is Steve pulls him back, curls into him and falls asleep there. He’s mesmerised watching the rise and fall of his bonds chest, lets it lull him to sleep.
I have an epilogue to post, but before I do, I would like to pass it to you. Is there anything you wish to see? There is a few loose ends I will be tying up and have written already, but I would love to be able to write something in that you would love to see as a thank you. A wedding? Steve and Antonia telling Maria? I hope to publish the epilogue on Sunday, and if you have anything you'd like to request tell me before then either by comment or on tumblr!
?” Tony’s voice is a little high pitched when he eventually manages to summon up the words, the pair blessedly alone at the corner of the bar because he’s not sure how he ends up in these situations but hey he’s Tony Stark he’ll roll with it, “
it was well publicised that since Stark Inc had shaken off his weapons industry shackles, it went hand in hand with Stark’s public sobriety.
Virginia was bright, to be sure, and in that she was aware that her circumstances of birth would not allow her to climb a much higher ladder than that of Mr. Hammer’s occupation. She was a true beauty, one that shone from within. And as such, Antonia was also thoroughly convinced in Mr. Hammer being close, if not all the way, in love with her. He talked of Virginia often, if perhaps mainly when prompted (perhaps he was simply shy), and praised her so warmly, that she couldn’t think anything but time would add more to his regard.
He moves to leave, and Steve feels something slipping through his fingers. He can’t do anything but hold on firm.
“I wonder, Miss Stark, that you are not married. For you are so charming, even if you are as stubborn as a mule.” Virginia grins as Antonia huffs a laugh in response.
“You might not want to bulldoze, but you did anyway. I had you.” Tony’s voice breaks, “I had you for two amazing days. And I don’t think I can go back to not having you.”
“I never should have presumed to think of it at first,” says Pepper, further sliding the knife between Antonia’s breastbone with every word, “but for you. You told me to observe him carefully, let his behavior be the rule of mine – and so I have. But I now seem to feel that he has shown attention to me, and that I could deserve him, or at least be so very grateful and generous to him as a wife.”
Tony slaps a hand to his neck, the sound echoing round the room like a gunshot. His heart is thundering now, panic a catch in his throat. He feels Steve at the end of it, questioning and worried, and is lucid enough to push whatever reassurance he can back to his mark. Maria isn’t a threat.
“I’m so excited for you, my darling.” Is all she says, all she has to say in that soft and melodic tone of hers. She strokes her fingers across his left tricep in a familiar rhythm, one he’s familiar with from days gone past, when she’d read softly to him against the dying light and run her hands up his arms until he fell asleep against her chest. He fights the Pavlovian response of shutting his eyes and smiles when he hears the familiar sound of Bucky’s knuckles against the front door.
Tony’s face is kind, and soft, and when he speaks his voice is a quiet whisper, “Let me describe it for you.”
“Fine. I won’t press for now, but you’ve used your one get out of jail card.” Steve blinks in surprise as she drops it as quick as that, and says as such.
that Tony's in a meeting just to rile him up. He'll watch Tony make bed restraints strong enough to hold him with hooded eyes and the minute they are ready pull Tony into their bedroom with a moan. Steve is perfect, beautiful. Wrecked and rotten.
He stays up long and late, into the small hours of the morning, looking at his reflection and settling in the knowledge that he was someone deserving of this most historical and ancient love.
Some of the objects of his curiosity spoke of very fond feelings. He was thoroughly excited to be shown the house where his father had been acquainted with for so long, recollecting memories of childhood and infancy. Antonia watched him, excited and enthused, and decided it could not be supposed he had voluntarily absented himself for so long, and that Steven had certainly not done him justice.
“It is possible she is simply more tolerable of Highbury gossips than you are. But perhaps, she is delayed on far more pleasant business?” Steven rocks up on his heels behind her, seeming buoyed and exciteable, “I have good reason to believe your friend will soon receive wonderful news. News that you will be happy to hear.”
“No of course not,” Obie agrees, easy, “but it would be very easy to drop to the media how he and his mother planned this all out. Of course, we’d have to fire her, given that she’s been involved in this crazy honey pot scheme. And perhaps Mr Rogers honourable discharge get turned into dishonourable? Who are the media going to believe, Stark Industries, or a young boy with a dishonourable discharge and pennies to his name?"
“I will obey you.” Steven says in a tone coloured with mortification, and not another syllable followed. The silence was oppressive, and the pain tore Antonia in two. Steven starts to walk away from her, the distance between them yawning and groaning like a chasm, Antonia powerless to do anything but run to him, run after him like he was as inescapable as gravity.
“Oh only that when that damaged labourer looks at you with those cow eyes you fall over yourself to offer him the world despite no offer of marriage on the horizon like some common whor-“ the words are smacked from his mouth before he can utter them.
“Oh fuck yes.” Tony growls, and that’s all it takes for Steve to take Tony’s length deep into his throat.
“Not you, of course, you’re not the romantic sort.” Antonia bites out, missing Steve’s face falling, “But your cousin and Miss Ross…”
It’s short work for Obadiah Stone to commandeer a helicopter on behalf of Stark Enterprise. In the time spent shouting orders and barking at people down the phone whilst Rhodey talks to everyone else, Tony learns two things of importance. 1. Steve was injured, in an ambush gone wrong, but blessedly (unbelievably and enough to make Tony set up an altar at every deity's feet)
"Mr Stark," Alexander rushes in, face the shade of uncomfortable puce, "I can only apologise for the misunderstanding."
The evening of the very same day brought a letter from Mr. Hammer to Mrs. Stark. A long and sprawling note that was perfectly civil to say, with Mr. Hammer’s best compliments, that he was “proposing to leave Highbury the very following morning on his way to Bath”. His compliments and favour of Mrs. Stark did not go unnoticed throughout the letter, and Antonia was too thankful of his disappearance to care that her own name had been omitted throughout the letter. Indeed, there was not a whisper of recognition or askance after her throughout the note. Such a striking turnabout did not escape the sharpness of Maria Stark, who sent a pointed gaze in her daughter’s direction.
It may be possible to do without dancing entirely. Instances have been known of young people passing many, many months successively, without being at any ball of any description, and no material injury accrue either to body or mind. But once a dance has been struck, however small, it is often demanded for again.
I can’t – you leave me running behind you unable to keep up! You make me want to shake you and slap you and – and – and!”
that made her so angry. Her vanity had been soothed, flattered, into not only encouraging his attentions, but aiming them to Pepper. Poor Pepper – to be a second time the dupe of the insistent flattery of her
“How good for you! And Mrs. Marvel is so anxious to be acquainted with him, that she must be as happy as yourself.” Antonia continued – “And do not worry so on my account. I have waited eagerly to meet him for nearly 20 years, a few more weeks will not be so difficult to bear.” She says this to see the grin it puts on Mr. and Mrs. Marvel’s faces, and she does not do wrong. She misses, however, the long sigh and grimace of Steven across the table. “I think to set off recklessly, impulsively even, to risk disobeying his grandmother in order to do a duty to his very close uncle shows a fineness of spirit in Mr. Barton. A keenness of feeling even, a most romantic nature, and a thoroughly good heart.”
“How serious?! I can think of but one thing – who is in love with her? Who makes you their confidant?”
Heading back to the table, he sees the group in thick conversation, Tony leading the charge, and is hit with how this could really become his life. This could
.” The word is simultaneously soft and fierce. It’s full of love, yet rage is the undercurrent. Never at Tony, he feels that against his veins, but the anger Steve feels is boundless. Tony thinks Steve would turn his back on war, would twist and wage battles under the banner of Tony Stark, die by that blade. The anger is like the maelstrom of a roiling sea, curbed only by Steve’s similarly boundless ability to love. Tony feels all this, feels Steve’s emotions mirrored in himself. There is no pity. Only understanding.
“Come here.” Tony says, voice bold, and he frames it slightly firm to pierce through the sleep fog Steve still seems under. “Come get in bed, your back must be killing.”
“No worries Stevie, just know we’re here when you need it.” Bucky steps round the table, claps his shoulder once, and leaves as quick as he arrived. Steve mentally rescinds the note about needing new friends, and descends into work, any work that doesn’t have Tony’s name stamped across the front.
“Hey lover boys - we’re over here!” Bucky crows from their regular booth, and Steve waves an awkward two fingers before stepping closer to Tony.
He had walked up one day after dinner, as he very often did, to spend his evening at Hartfield. Antonia and Pepper were going to walk; he joined them, and on returning, they fell in with a larger party. Mr. and Mrs. Marvel and their son, Miss Hill and her niece, and the Hammers, who had accidentally met. They all united; and on reaching Hartfield’s gates, Antonia, who knew it was exactly the sort of visiting that her mother would welcome, invited them in offering tea and an enjoyable end to the evening.
Or indeed, as the night wore on, it seemed they were not to talk at all. No matter which way the conversation turned, Steven would not engage Antonia in anything more than the most basic of pleasantries, such as passing the salt at dinner or asking how much ham she required when carving the plate. The lack of chatter between the two rankled Antonia, and according to the questioning glances spared to her from her mother, the quiet did not go unnoticed. A party without the two of them bickering and joking was fairly awkward, no matter how they attempted to encourage chatter amongst the others. She had hoped they might now become friends again. She thought it was time to make up.
Steve barely the presence of mind, pleasure clouding his vision, to remember vaguely Tony’s comments about command, and he’s surprised that he’s even barely able to talk, so close now to supernova.
She grinned as he opened the door for her, and held her hand as she stepped into the carriage. “See now
could look at a man like Steve. They change, shift, every night, but the common thread is the same. It’s always rejection, always Steve left wanting. So he smothers his feelings, chokes the air out of them until they are nothing but simmering embers. He may not have anything left now but stilted conversations and Natasha breathing down his neck, but he wouldn’t trade it for the world, and would lay waste to those who wanted to take it from him.
No second meeting had there yet been between him and Antonia. The room at Donwell was to witness it – but it would be better than a common meeting in a crowd. Mr. Marvel had been so very earnest in his entreaties for her arriving there as soon as possible, clearly not in the knowledge that she would certainly be there almost before any other to her second home. She conveyed Pepper, and they drove to Donwell in good time, the Randalls party just sufficiently behind them.
“Well.” A voice breaks through the haze, huffing a laugh. Steven yanks his gaze away, and it’s like dawn, like a dam breaking. Suddenly Tony’s aware they are stood together, not even a foot apart, breathing heavy around the mess of an industrial food mixer in bits across the marble floor.
“That is easily said, and felt by you, who have always been your own master. You are the worst judge in the world, Steven, of the difficulties of dependence. You do not know what it is to have tempers to manage.”
“I need you.” Tony answers, honest and brutal, “That’s all.” And he reaches down at an awkward angle and Steve wonders what for at first before he feels Tony’s fingers against his own soulmark, touch like a brand.
“Don’t shoot.” Bucky says, apropos of nothing, raising his hands in surrender, “I’m on your side. Never had so much ammo to tease Steve with since he’s got so moonstruck over you. How ‘bout a truce - I can offer some embarrassing baby photos?” Bucky starts, mischief taking over his features in a way that makes him look unbelievably youthful and free.
Sarah Rogers is named their new cook one day in a cold New York January. The frost creeps up Tony’s bedroom window as he stares out to the front gate. She arrives in a whirlwind, nursing a gasping old Chevrolet truck up through the archway and along the track to the house. It wheezes and groans as it stumbles down to the back entrance of the house, breaking through the overwhelming quiet like a hot knife through butter. Tony watches curiously as the delicate Sarah Rogers steps out the passenger seat, stares up at her new household, and grins. It takes Tony by surprise, the smile is one he has never seen before. It’s unguarded and happy and wide, and she opens her mouth to say something Tony can’t catch to her companion opening the drivers side. He catches a glimpse of well muscled arms, long fingers on large hands.
“We’re going. Can you pack a bag quick? Anything you forget we can get you.” And Sarah looks at him like he’s grown two heads, and he doesn’t mean to be sharp but every minute they spend delaying is precious seconds wasted that he could be by Steve’s side. “Sarah.” He says, short, and she comes round, “We have a military escort. We’ll be in Africa by tomorrow evening. Can you pack a bag quick.” He repeats himself, watches Sarah slowly register the order like it’s coming to her through water.
Steve surges up, catches Tony’s mouth with his own. Distractedly pulls his shirt over his head in between kisses that land on any part of Tony’s skin he can get access to. His lips, his forehead, his neck, the crook of his jaw. He misses Tony’s groan, his nose against his neck taking in the smell of his skin.
She had wanted them to stay close with all her heart. However, Highbury, whilst a large town, was still that – a town – and had not afforded Mr. Banner the luxury of options other than doctor of the people. And, well, Bruce Banner had always wanted, and deserved, more than that. More than running noses and winter chills. As such, they had not visited Hartfield since long before the season began, and Mrs. Stark, no matter how much pleading, could not be induced to make so far as London to visit.
“That’s it honey,” he says, and he reckons Tony might have something to say about the nickname later, but
“I’ve been best friends with Bucky since we were little. Joined at the hip. It was never really a question of what we were doing, just that we wanted to make sure we did it together. I met Clint in basic training climbing through the air vents. Our CO had taken one of the boys lads mags and said fifty dollars to whoever retrieved it without him catching them. He had it within two hours. Nat was two years in, covert ops mission. I’ve never met anyone so tenacious in all my life. Bruce was assigned as our medic. Sam was actually after, through Shield.” Steve sighs to think back on it,  “They are a bunch of brats, but we’ve gone through a lot of shit together. What about you? I hope your friends are more well-adjusted than mine.”
One morning, about ten days after the news from Richmond, Antonia was called downstairs to Mr. Marvel, who ‘could not stay five minutes, and wanted to particularly speak with her’. He met her at the parlour-door, and hardly asking how she did, in the natural key of his voice, sunk it immediately, to say “Can you come to Randalls at any time this morning? Do it, if possible. Mrs. Marvel wants to see you.”
The first time they have sex, Tony refuses to have the lights on. He doesn’t think he can stand seeing the italics hugging Steve’s arm lit up by his table lamp.
“Steve, Steve? Come back to me. You’ve disappeared. It’s not happening again, it’s just a flashback.” Steve can hear Tony’s voice like it’s coming through water, and his mind tries to wade toward it. It feels like he’s walking through motor oil, slick and hot.
“Steve, oh my god, Steve.” Tony huffs from above him, but Steve’s focused now on the task at hand. He’s always been detail oriented, always been able to give laser like focus to whatever demands it. And right now the task is making Tony fall apart, so Steve looks up and watches Tony for every sign. When he plays with the head of Tony’s cock before swallowing down he notices Tony’s hands clutch the sheets. When he slips another finger into Tony and stretches before crooking his fingers just so he hears Tony gasp. He follows every hint and sign of pleasure Tony feeds him, chases every echo of arousal that threads through him until they are both mindless with sensation.
“Ah Miss Stark, how kind you are! I suppose you may have heard and are come to give us joy. This does not seem much like joy, indeed, in me – it will be trying to part with her. But she wrote all morning, terrible headache now, such long letters – to be written to Murdock and others. Tears in her eyes perpetually. She has accepted the situation for a governess found by Mrs Hammer.”
. Miss Romanov’s perception seemed to match his; her comprehension was certainly more equal to the covert meaning, the superior intelligence, of those seven letters so arranged. She was evidently upset; looked up, seeing herself watched, blushed more deeply than ever perceived before, and saying only, “I did not know that proper names were allowed” before pushing the letters away with an angry spirit. Being resolved to not be engaged by one more word uttered to her, she turned toward her aunt.
cajoled into by Steve, but he won’t tell that to anyone. The thought of the team without him is nerve-wracking. The thought of the team minus two is inconceivable.
Virginia slept at Hartfield that night. Her heart seemed weary, and it was little Antonia could do to refuse her a night of comfort. For some weeks past she had been spending most of her time there, and Antonia judged it best to have her with them as much as possible. The next morning she made her excuses to visit Mrs. May’s for an hour or two, before promising to return.
he feels Steven’s tender smile across his shoulders like a balm. He thinks now, that this is as happy as he has ever been. That is, until Steven takes Tony’s hand in his, holds it close.
“You took your time!” He shouts, trying to be heard over the shrieking wind, and Tony clamps a hand round his own and they fall for a moment in perfect synchronization.
Soon afterwards Mr. Hammer quitted them, and she could not but do him the justice of feeling that there was a great deal of sentiment in his manner of naming Virginia at parting; in the tone of his voice while assuring that he should call at Mrs. May’s for news of their friend, and he smiled himself off in a way that left the balance of approbation much in his favour.
Miss Hill gestures for Antonia to sit in the crowded little room, and she collapses into a nearby chair, Miss Hill in front of her. The room is silent for a moment, awkward in a way Antonia has never felt before in Miss Hill’s presence, and she blurts out, “I brought a basket of the picnic fare.”
“This got something to do with why you look like you’ve just gone twenty rounds with a grizzly bear and come worse off?” he asks, soft like he’s trying not to spook him. And well, Steve’s never been able to lie to Bucky with any success.
A young lady so pale and frightened, a lady who requires such assistance, must be recovered. Questions must be answered, and surprises explained. Antonia peered over Pepper with a concerned brow, gently stroking her forehead, and she was acquainted with the summary of it in short succession.
“Oh you tease.” Tony says with a noise of shocked arousal, “How did I not know you were going to be an utter tease? Was I really good in a past life?”
Tony is never going to be personally responsible for the puppy dog look in those beautiful baby blues.
“Yeah well, I’m a curious kid.” He shrugs, scratches the back of his neck with a nonchalance he doesn’t feel. He can tell Ms Rogers doesn’t buy it.
He thinks, a lot later when he stares down at Tony sleeping softly beside him, tracing patterns against the other man’s chest, that he finally understands the 21
“Steve.” He whispers, like a prayer, and the officer melts away. He’s vaguely aware of Sarah on the other side of the bed, talking and fussing on a gasp that could be a sob. He sinks to his knees beside his bond, and takes a hold of the undamaged arm with a shaky hand. He feels the bond between them crackle like static electricity, before curling up like a sated cat. Steve returns to him like the waves of an ocean, and tears slip unbidden from Tony’s eyes when he can finally feel him again. Finally feel whole.
“Steve?” His voice is barely a whisper, breath ruffling the golden curls of Steve’s bed head, “Steve.” He repeats, voice firmer, watches as Steve stirs into wakefulness.
Tony is sat up beside him, watching him with concern framing his eyes, “Hello darling.” He says, cautiously, “You were having a nightmare, it’s not happening again. You came to stay at my apartment tonight. Can you do me a favour sweetheart, and tell me if it’s okay for me to touch you?”
They did not speak, but the silence was not awkward, even for a pair who were used to bickering back and forth for as long as the hours in a day would allow them. Antonia found her throat was dry, words unwilling to come out. She felt flush, and blamed the exercise for the heat in her cheeks. Steven spun her round the floor like she was made of silk, guiding her across the floor without missing a beat, and in that moment Antonia truly felt graceful.
It felt like but a moment that they arrived and agreed the space was certainly large enough, Clint bundling Antonia into his arms to ‘test the floor space’ with a quick dance that left Antonia breathless with laughter.
Antonia had done very well, very well indeed, in the weeks gone, to curry favour for Mr. Hammer in Virginia. She could not feel doubt at all in having given Virginia’s affections a proper direction and sense of purpose. She was confident in creating as much liking in Virginia, as there could possibly be.
He stares out the window at Steve’s waving figure, until it becomes indistinguishable in the distance.
“It’s fine, he’s been informed.” They step out together when she’s ready, and her steps only falter slightly when she tracks the black car waiting at the bottom of the drive. Happy’s stood by the back door, friendly airs and graces he puts on for Tony gone. He looks imposing in a sleek black suit, looks the part, “Anthony, what did you do?” Sarah asks, quietly, and maybe the question is more rhetorical than anything else. He tells himself that’s why he doesn’t answer.
“Indeed.” He spoke gravely, eyes dark with something Antonia could not quite place, “We are old friends. I apologise for jeopardising that.” And that, it seems, is to be that, as he leans forward to the babe in his arms, “Tell your godmother, little Harriet, that she ought to set you a better example than to be renewing old grievances, and if that she were not wrong before now, she probably is.”
“Read it, read it,” said he, “it will give you pleasure, only a few lines – will not take long, read it to Antonia.”
, for some time past, for at least these last three months, cared nothing about him. You may believe me, Mrs. Marvel, I speak the truth.”
“Mr. Hammer indeed!” cried Pepper indignantly, “It certainly does not proceed... So superior to Mr. Hammer.”
The shirt is off now, and the slacks follow in quick succession. Tony nearly swoons as he stands up in a rush to divest himself of his own clothing in quick agreement, until finally they are both wonderfully, gorgeously naked together.
“Unless,” Steve stops now, desire doused in a wave, mistaking the look he sees now in Tony’s eyes as regret, “Unless, unless you don’t want to.”
“Hi honey.” It’s Steve, in all his gorgeous glory, in his pressed officer’s uniform, hat perched across crisp blond hair. He’s dangerously attractive like this, the kind that could ruin Tony, bring him to his knees if he so much as asks. Good thing Steve never would, hair light up by the exit light behind him, giving him an orange godly glow that makes even the non-believer in Tony want to drop to his knees and pray.
“Please, Steve.” Tony’s demand is broken open with want, and Steve captures his breath with his mouth, bears down with a hand framing his cheek, thumb pulling at his bottom lip. He leans back and watches Tony take his thumb into his mouth, mouth at it and suck. It’s dirty and lust punches Steve in the gut, makes his arousal roar back to life with a moan.
This wretched note was the finale of Antonia’s breakfast. Once it had been read, there was nothing to do but lament and curse. The loss of the ball 0 the loss of Clint – and anything he may have been feeling – too wretched! What an evening it would have been and everybody to be so happy!
As expected from such an agreeable man, he was up in short time. His broad presence made the already busy room feel smaller, and Antonia’s eyes settled on him with joy. It was always good to see her dear friend, though his eyes settled on the closeness of herself and Mr Barton and she watched his jaw clench. For what reason, she was unsure, but she made sure to smile widely at his presence.
“As soon as I am cooler I shall go back again as I could be very ill spared but such a point had been made of my coming! You will all be going soon I suppose; the whole party breaking up. I met
Mrs. Stark smiled, and for a moment Steven was struck by just how much of a classic beauty the woman once was, “Yes, my dear. But that might only be because of how loathe you are to let a conversation pass without mentioning her name at least once.
, can keep a coach, then the master of Donwell Abbey should be more than equal to it. A gentleman –“
"Well Steve, I'll definitely be seeing you." Tony grins, holding out his hand for a handshake that lasts a beat too long to be polite, rubbing his thumb over Steve's wrist that has Steve holding in a shudder, and turning Tony's smile into something more primal. Tony steps back and Steve already misses the extra warmth, following the man's exit from the coffee shop with hooded eyes (and he can swear that Tony puts an extra sway into his step as he leaves).
“Steve?” It’s Bruce and Steve almost snaps, yells at the man to get out and leave him alone. He doesn’t have it in him to talk, to dance around the fact the man who practically brought them all together and took them into his home without a second thought is lying on his death bed and it is all Steve’s fault.
“Fuck off Barton, like shit are you meddling with my ‘vomit-free since ’03’ status!” Sam shouts from his desk.
Frank was standing by her as Steven did his rounds as host, but not steadily; there was a restlessness, which showed a mind not at ease. He was looking about, he was going to the door, he was watching for the sound of other carriages – impatient to begin, or afraid of being always near her.
“Miss Stark it is a pleasure to see you again, how have you been in my absence?” Pepper smiles and takes an awkward perch on one of the parlour seats.
The drive is long, an odd mixture of tense and wonderful, discussion thick and fast spanning from political discourse to Tony’s latest invention.
“I do not presume to know what your opinion may be, Mrs. Stark,” said Steven, “of this great new intimacy between Antonia and Virginia Potts, but I don’t think it is a good thing.”
“That is easily said, and felt by you, who have always been your own master. You are the worst judge in the world, Steven, of the difficulties of dependence. You do not know what it is to have tempers to manage.”
“You can’t do that again Cap.” Natasha speaks quietly, meeting him at the door as he gets released from medical, face grey.
“I am angry.” She says, blunt and with no emotion. “I am angry at myself that Clint fell, and that I did not see it coming. But we cannot be angry for things we cannot change, do you understand? You cannot take on the weight of the world and hope to not wear yourself out Steve.” her voice is quiet, as if she was trying not to spook a skittish foal.
There are varying different stories of the soulmarks, lore that changes in each culture, stories that Jarvis sneaks to Anthony amongst the folds of his overcoat. He reads them avidly when the rest of the house has gone to bed, hides them away amongst Werther and Austen and other books he knows his father will never lift from their dusty origins in the library. Howard does not care for what he doesn’t understand, and love is chief amongst the things he remains unflinchingly ignorant on.
“Ah then!” Clint stood now, carried away with the mischief of himself, and Antonia laughed, perhaps the only one to do so, but the laugh rattled all the same, “Ladies and gentlemen – I am ordered by Miss Stark to say, that she waives her right of knowing exactly what you may be thinking of, and only requires something very entertaining from each of you. She only demands from each of you either one thing very clever, or two things moderately clever, or three things very dull indeed. She promises she will laugh heartily at each!”
“You okay?” It’s Tony, voice evened out by the Iron Man suit (or at least that’s what Tony told him but he also told Steve District 9 was a documentary so he sometimes finds it hard to believe a word out of the man’s mouth). Nevertheless, Steve nods, advanced healing meaning he can now barely feel the hit that winded him so badly.
“There is no necessity for my calling this morning,” said Mr. Barton, all smiles and civility, “another day would do as well.”
tone, the one that says ‘Tony you are an idiot but I am going to pretend to humour you because you are damn fine in bed’ “We are going to make an appearance because I think Fury is beginning to think I might possibly be locked up somewhere.”
He takes the back passage stairs two at a time, jumps down the last one to avoid the creak. Tony’s not sure why he does so, he’s always been friendly with those that work within the walls of Stark Manor, but never felt this all-encompassing need and desire to introduce himself press against his lungs, sing against his heart. In his haste he arrives almost too quickly by the kitchen, skids to a stop just shy of the doorway, and waits there with a thundering heart and his lungs in his throat.
But tonight is different. Tonight is his own day of independence, and he’ll hold onto it with bloody fingers before anyone can take it from him. Bucky rocks his shoulder against Steve’s own as they walk through busy Brooklyn streets, “Anyone will be lucky to have ya. And if you don’t have a mark, it doesn’t matter.” He says, instead of asking Steve how he feels, because their bond is forged of brotherhood so thick he probably already knows the answer to that question. Steve feels excited and terrified all at the same time in a melting pot of nerves and delight that rocks his stomach.
Next morning, Jarvis leaves the house on errands for the Starks, thick envelope under his coat containing every word Tony wishes he could say into Steve’s open and trusting gaze.
“Because I don’t need to. I was on the point of walking, but Winston here wanted an outing. Didn’t you, old fellow?” he speaks to the horse now, eyes roaming over the animal’s face.
“You could never fool me with much success Antonia.” Maria just smiles, a benevolent one that hides a multitude of overindulgence Antonia has been lucky to be at the receiving end of all her life. “But if it required a visit from Steven I cannot imagine it to be for nothing, so I suppose I am glad my daughter has such a fierce protector and leave it there.”
“Aw baby, you wound me.” Bucky feints a swoon, earning a small smile off the usually solemn Natasha. Bucky’s an idiot sometimes, but Steve watches them interact with a hazy sort of softness and knows that Nat wouldn’t have him any other way.
At least, Antonia supposed, his son was too well bred not to hear the hint, rose immediately also. “If you are further on business, I will take the opportunity to visit, a visit which must be paid someday, so may as well be paid now. I am acquainted with a neighbor of yours, a Miss Romanov I believe her name is. Though, I believe her proper name – her name she will be residing under – will perhaps be Hunt, or Hill. Something of that nature.”
Antonia’s mother nodded slowly, as though she wasn’t quite sure of whether her response was actually needed for the woman to continue on with no sign of stopping. Antonia perched on the edge of a seat, ready to run at a moment’s notice and looking toward Steven stood at the window. Rolling her eyes at the man and mouthing the words ‘help me’ simply had Steven silently laughing and shaking his head.
“I-“ Steve starts, throat dry, “I don’t know what I’m doing.” He confesses, and he’s thrown back to ten years old again, sitting in a house with four walls and a stain glassed roof, asking for forgiveness.
Pepper smiled wide and grateful. Antonia was very decided in thinking such an attachment will be good for her friend.
When satisfied on all these points and more, and their acquaintance proportionally advanced, he contrived to find an opportunity when his father and her mother were engaged with each other, before speaking to her alone.
“Well,” said Mrs. Marvel, smiling, “you give him more credit for simple kindness than I do, for while Miss Hill was speaking, a suspicion dated into my head, and I have never been able to get it out again. The more I ruminate on it, the more probable it appears. In short, I have made a match between Captain Rogers and Miss Romanov. What do you say to it?”
Natasha was on Antonia at once, the most excited she had ever been seen to Antonia’s eyes, “A ball! What a marvelous idea!” Antonia was taken aback at the joy in her eyes, “I am so looking forward to it.”
he is to have this man). The water beats his back just this side of painful, wrenching a groan from him. He looks up through the rising steam, stepping further into Tony’s space, asking a silent question with hands that still slightly shake. Tony knows already, hands moving to wrap around him and capture Steve’s lips with his own.
Tony is still silent, his fingers having lifted by unbidden accord to trace the words spanning Steve’s bicep softly.
Tony is helpless to do anything but nod, not sure what he’s agreeing to, but nodding like a puppet on string, “I knew you were big but
“Of course.” Virginia nodded, “but what shall I say. Oh please Antonia, do advise me. I am aware of my station. I am aware of what this means.”
“Antonia, you have done nothing to be ashamed of. It is he who should hang his head – abominable, detestable
“Antonia. I must speak with you as I have been used to do. I cannot see you behaving so without speaking my mind. Allow me this much. Badly done, Antonia. How could you be so unfeeling toward Miss Hill? So insolent? Your mother raised you better.”
“Bruce, London looks good on you.” Maria voiced exactly what Antonia was thinking. Bruce wore not only London, but marriage, well. He’d always carried a slightly harried look, as though everything was all too much at once, but it had weathered into contentment and pride, in particular gazing upon his wife and babe. “But pale. How I wish you had come here in autumn, rather than the seaside.”
They stand in each other’s space for a time, stretch the minutes out like warm toffee, each unwilling to take a step back. It’s like all the time Tony’s spent as a me is secondary, has merely been preparation for the new age of being a we. He finds himself utterly reluctant to part with it even a second earlier than he has to.
“Don’t know what you are talking about, I’d dominate a fight with a bear. Like ‘Leo Dicaprio in The Revenant’ dominate.” Steve jokes weakly.
The first time Steve truly sees Tony’s soulmark is one summer evening in the hallway of his and Bucky’s apartment. Tony’s been staying here with him since him and Maria left Howard.  He could stay elsewhere, could do what Maria has and rent a lavish penthouse on the south side (
Tony is everything Steve isn’t. Steve is like an actor, hand him the material and he could play the part of super soldier to a t but Tony is director, producer and scriptwriter all at once, creating and moulding and inventing without a second thought. There is something about the genius that burns too fast, too hot. A spark and magnetism that draws everyone to him like a moth to a flame. Of course he is stubborn, wilful and arrogant but he is also selfless, sarcastic and the first to throw himself into a fight.
“So. That’s it then?” Tony Stark stands, radiating anger from his skin, face flushed with exertion. A drop of sweat trickles down his chin and settles in the crook of his collarbone. Steve tracks it, and gulps.
“I am ready, if the others are. I believe Bruce and Elizabeth will be glad to get home to Harriet in such weather.” Antonia beams at Steven, so aware of not only her needs, but her families. Maria hates the cold, dreads it, and her health Is not what it once was, a slight chill able to knock her for months.
But he also is exceedingly reckless. He works on gut feelings and instinct rather than percentages and calculated risk. He simply laughs with a bloody, broken smile when it goes wrong and causes himself to bear the brunt (he never miscalculates with someone else’s life, his own he’s not so precious with). His loyalty binds him to stretching so thin you’d think he’d shatter just to save one more life, just to return
The compassion of a friend of her father changed her destiny from an orphan to be brought up at Highbury with no advantages, connections or improvement. Colonel Coulson had always held high esteem for the late Romanov for he had saved Coulson’s life in the infantry. He sought the child out and took notice of her, bringing her up within his household to such a degree of success he undertook the whole charge of her education to be brought up for educating others.
Antonia was not really in a state of spirits to care about Clint Barton’s arrival, except the disappointment it brought to Randalls. The acquaintance at the time held no charm for her at all. She needed to be out of temptation, for a while, until she could be assured that Pepper’s heart was mended.
However, she would be lying if it did not intrigue her. She was a curious creature after all. She announced as much to Captain. Rogers, prodding as much as necessary (and perhaps exaggerated a little more) at the conduct of the Bartons, in keeping him away. And naturally, because it was a day ending in y, this ended directly in disagreement with Captain. Rogers.
Jarvis is waiting at the mouth of the door, smile bright, eyes wise. He helps carry the last of their belongings, the last of what little good memories they have of this place, packed to cardboard. Tony takes vicious pleasure in the knowledge that Howard’s return from his conference in Russia will be met with empty silence and a sheaf of papers pinned to his door that starts with the word “Divorce”.
“I have no quarrel with his trappings to family, I simply have quarrel with the fact we hear of him as an idle wanderer – why he was seen at Weymouth only a few weeks ago. This proves he can leave the Bartons. Yet he desires a trip of five or six hours to Weymouth over the two it would take him to grace his own family with his presence. This makes no sense to me.”
guest, she thinks she would have an argument on her hands to the contrary, given the fact he was more than six years her senior and one of the most sought after dinner guests of the whole of Highbury.
“He’s seven beers in Clint, what do you expect.” Bruce interjects, throwing a screwed up ball of paper that was probably once the page of a contract across the room at Bucky’s chest. He catches it lazily, spinning it around in one hand before throwing it back with force at the offender. Bruce catches it in his jaw with a yowl.
Steven’s gaze sharpened, “What did he do Antonia.” The words are toneless. This is not a question, this is a demand, this is a soldier ready to do battle.
The giggles continue, until Steve reaches forward and pulls Tony snug against him, until his breath is hot against Tony’s cock. The laughter stops quickly then, and it’s almost like Tony’s holding his breath for what Steve might do next.
“Jarvis, in what world is this safe and sound?” He growls up at the AI, tone then turning apologetic when he addresses Tony “I’m sorry, I should have warned you.”
They were all three walking around together for an hour or two – first round the shrubberies of Hartfield, and afterwards in Highbury. Mr. Barton was delighted by the whole thing, by every minute, admired Highbury’s whole visage, commending every step of the way. It might have been overkill to another voice, but Antonia found it as rhythmic as the brook they walked across.
“Odd though, that you had a dream of those you were unlikely to have been thinking of, or aware of, with such intricate details,” observed Mr. Marvel, “Knowledge of him setting a carriage up, of Mrs. Odinson’s comments.
Unbeknownst to her, Maria Stark watches her closely, feels her heart break in sympathy for her daughter still so oblivious to her own feelings yet clearly undone in the face of them, “I don’t know why everyone is suddenly affected with such wanderlust. I am sure Captain Rogers will realise his folly and be back soon.”
Keying in his access code, which despite practice he still couldn’t help but rapidly fire out in case the pad that appeared in front of him dissipated whilst he was still typing out the digits, he stepped in as quiet as he could.
The welcomes were quiet, subdued on both sides. She asked after their mutual friends; they were all well. He neither looked nor spoke cheerfully; and the first possible cause for it, suggested by her fears, was that perhaps he had been communicating his plans for Pepper to his friends, and was pained in the manner which they had been received.
At first it was downright dullness to Antonia. She had built this up so very much in her head, but she had never seen Clint Barton so silent and stupid. He said nothing worth hearing – looked without seeing – admired without intelligence – listened without knowing what she said. While he was dull, Pepper could not lift any spirits, and her clumsy attempts to lift the mood made the already insufferable Clint even worse.
“And there’s no reason why you shouldn’t see it for yourself. We shall find a way.” Voice firm, and Antonia couldn’t help but beam, for when Steven said so, so it shall be done.
Mr. Hammer must now be left to himself. It was no longer within Antonia’s power to superintend or quicken his thoughts or actions. The coming of her second family, of Mr. and Mrs. Banner, was so very near at hand, that first in anticipation, then reality, it became her prime motivation. During their ten stay at Hartfield it could not be expected that anything beyond occasional assistance where fortuitous could be afforded.
, it is just the rationale of ‘my life is less important than that of a million dollar man who is the only face of clean technology and has Pepper and Rhodey and Happy and people who care for him’.
She had not been exaggerating, Steven truly danced with a grace she had not previously thought him capable of. He radiated warmth, and the comfort of his arms was both familiar and alien at the same time.
The rooms silent for a moment, horrible and deathly quiet. Tony feels gutted, feels like someone’s pulled him apart by the ribcage and carved out his heart. He feels Steve still, abject terror and agony, and wants to sink into the floor.
Bucky joins him in another display of perfect lockstep, eyes bright and excitement brimming. Bucky’s always been one with war in his heart, ready to serve at a moments notice. Steve not so much, and violence claws and rips to make greedy space in his mind as he thinks of what’s ahead. Sarah Rogers cries when she hears the news, tries hard to tremble a smile through the tears as though it’s the mark of happiness. Steve knows better. But he’s helpless to do anything but make a deal with the devil and hope it doesn’t swallow him whole.
"I want to offer our deluxe penthouse and the assurance that we will be revisiting our policies at a corporate level immediately." Alexander addresses Steve now, who instead of looking insulted has a smug grin that does something wicked to Tony's insides.
His suspicion grew stronger yet, or a private liking, private understanding, between Clint Barton and Natasha.
For days, Steve does nothing but sit vigil beside Tony’s bed, everytime he opens his eyes Steve is there with hollow and sunken eyes ready to translate his every agitated half sentence. He shakes off the others, who at first try to get him to sleep, but end up just smuggling in high protein food and energy bars. They know of the determination of their Captain, they’ve seen it first hand, and it would take much more than a demigod, the Hulk and a couple of master assassins to move him from his position.
“She was pleased with the pies.” Antonia says by way of direct answer, and hates how Steven’s look of pleasant surprise and admiration shoots straight to her heart, continuing, “I reminded Miss. Hill she is to be our guest next Thursday for supper and backgammon.”
The carriage ride was filled with a comfortable silence for the most part, though Antonia felt deeply aware of every small move Steven made. Her body thrummed with it, and she put off the heat building inside her and the flush against her face as simply covering herself in too many carriage blankets.
“Brought you a book from the Donwell library.” He handed it to her, taking care to turn the page to one particular sketch he known she’d find enjoyable.
“Interesting that the bewitching penis has the strongest odds.” Tony muses, straight face, and Steve coughs.
“Allow me to interpret this interesting silence. It confesses you have long understood me. Forgive me for being a novice, er, in the ways of love. But I assume you of course modestly refuse me the first time.” He moves forward, as though to kiss her, and she is so horrified she leaps backward, against the sheepskin as though it can save her, and all her brain can shout is
Mr Jarvis couldn’t help but raise his eyebrows at Antonia with a particular meaning, stoke any flames of jealousy that might slowly be rising within his charge. Antonia shook her head once in skepticism.
She couldn’t believe the level she had been deceived - that he had never thought seriously of Virginia. No matter how she looked back she couldn’t understand, aside the fact she had taken the idea upon herself and bent everything around her to it. His visits, his eagerness about the picture, crossing paths all those times in the village. All of it – for
“It does seem rather drafty,” Mrs Stark interjected, and Mrs Marvel nodded in agreement, “they could catch colds worse at the Crown than anywhere.”
They kept plotting, heads bent, to the amusement of Mr and Mrs Marvel, and it soon became a certainty that the five couples could make at least ten. But then came the problem, that the room at the Marvels was not large enough for such a size, and fear of a cramped ballroom with the inability to move and enjoy made them seize on the next problem.
“Shh it’s alright, it doesn’t matter. You’re awake now. I’m here.” He waves the nurses away and cradles Tony’s hand in his.
The Potomac Hill visit is coming soon, and with it some classic Antonia and Steven arguments laced with sexual tension! It's all here folks.
Jarvis drives Tony back to MIT, only stopping for an hour to refuel at a diner just off the interstate.
“I was just telling your mother what a good pair you make.” Spoke Clint’s father in a clumsy fashion, “I told Clint you’d be his guide to Highbury!”
The following day brought news from Richmond which threw all of Antonia’s pensieve mediations into the background. An express arrived at the Marvels to announce the death of Mrs Coulson! Though her grandson had no particular reason to hasten back on her account, she had not lived over six hours after his return. A sudden seizure had struck her, and the great Mrs. Coulson was no more.
It’s when he pushes one more finger in, because Steve is big everywhere and he wants Tony loose and open before he gives himself to his lover, that Tony bites off a gasp and shouts.
Some laughed, and answered good humouredly. Miss Hill said a great deal, Mrs Hammer ruffled at the idea that Miss Stark controlled the day and not her. Captain Rogers answer was the most distinct.
“I was just looking out for the team.” He says, voice rusty and croaky from lack of use and blood dried on the roof of his mouth. Tony, being Tony, realises this and hands him a glass of water without Steve even having to ask. Their hands brush, and rather than flinch away from the contact Tony briefly closes his eyes and reaches with his other hand to hold onto Steve’s. The touch is quick, not even long enough for Steve to react, before Tony appears to recharge and open his eyes.
She’s poor, Antonia! She once lived comfortably, but now she does not and she lives in the unfortunate knowledge that the longer she lives, the poorer she gets. She should attract your
Steve’s voice is hoarse from screaming, eyes helpless to do anything but track a bead of sweat that slides down Tony’s abdomen, slips under the drawstring of his trousers. He shivers as lust disorientates him and shudders through him in a wave. “S-sorry.” He coughs, “bad dream.”
He remained at Hartfield after all the rest, Maria having left too making noises about talking to Jarvis about supper (Steven sighing at this as she made a point to glare pointedly at him and Antonia with her eyes full of mischief). His head was full of thoughts of what he had seen, and he was resolute – as a friend – yes, an anxious friend, to give Antonia some hint. He could not see her in a situation of such danger to her affections, regardless of how he felt about it.
It’s sad because at this point he’s not even trying to play a hero, he’s just too weak to be standing on the other side of the window in medical.
Antonia was not really in a state of spirits to care about Clint Barton’s arrival, except the disappointment it brought to Randalls. The acquaintance at the time held no charm for her at all. She needed to be out of temptation, for a while, until she could be assured that Pepper’s heart was mended.
His clothes are now nearly starched onto him, sleep hardened with sweat enough to make him wrinkle his nose at himself. It’s a quick job to clean himself up in the attached small bathroom underneath the dim light that flickers like a candle. It’s longer work to summon the strength to shuck his own clothes aside his boxers and pull on a jumper and shorts of Steve’s, because yet again his mark is perfect and has left them folded ready for him. He’s reminded vividly of their differences, the wrists of the shirt comically hiding his hands, the bottom of it scuffing the tops of his thighs. He pulls the drawstring of the shorts tight around his waist, in a futile effort to keep them from slipping.
Almost as much as he loves how Steve’s face takes a turn for the wonder when he strips his shirt off to show the new piece of art in the middle of his chest.
Antonia sounded scorning and doubtful, huffing a laugh that had Steven balk, “Goodness me, no.” she gestured at him to sit down before her, and she sat opposite, the fire warming them both, “It was perhaps a little indiscreet, but the word certainly did not speak of an attachment between the pair. In fact, it’s about Miss Romanov seeming to have an admirer and Clint and I are working out who it is. A childish pursuit us fanciful folk like to pursue.
deal of good-will towards you. Why, I felt I had no choice but to offer use of the carriage to him, your manner was so encouraging.”
In short, Antonia takes a quick moment as they settle to run her fingers through her wild hair and wish she had known she was likely to run into Miss Romanov today. Between the beauty of both her and Pepper, Antonia feels utterly inferior.
It’s everything Steve never thought it would be, even when he let himself dream it. It’s a battle cry, it’s a call to arms. It’s every angry word left unspoken and teeth clashing and Tony swears against his mouth when Steve bites his top lip a little close to painful.
“Ah why did we wait to host! We should have just demanded everyone attend at once, in order to seize the moment we had. If I can come again, we must have our ball. Do not forget your engagement.”
He dreams, sometimes, of what that would be like. They take on a nightmarish gleam, a feverish and angry thing. One night Tony looks at him with horror, tells him to pack his things and leave. Another Tony laughs in his face, asks him how he ever thought a man like
“I was with Mr. Cage on business an hour and a half ago. He had just read Hammer’s letter as I arrived, and handed it to me directly.” His gaze now lands on Pepper, and Antonia has to shrug off a knot in her stomach as he addresses her friend gently, “I had hoped to bring the news to you shortly.”
“How very kind, Miss Stark. But something so very unusual has happened.” Miss Hill’s tone was giddy, and she beckoned them in quickly.
), but it had been an unspoken agreement that when Steve came to pick Tony up in the aftermath of breaking the chains of his Howard-made shackles that the only place he was driving was to his little threadbare apartment.
It was no wonder that a train of twenty young girls followed her to church like ducklings. Mrs May was a plain woman but who bore the brunt of hard work in her youth and as such felt she deserved a seat at Hartfield, occasionally losing a few sixpences at Maria’s fireside through a particular thrilling game of cards.
As such, this was the first the picture had seen the light of day in a long time (aside for those times Antonia peeked upon it, but those would remain utterly private to herself and only herself until her dying day).
“You kidding me? That’s a drop in the ocean for me, you should have seen what I did to the place with the first attempt at a proper Iron Man suit.” Tony joked, and leaned down to clasp Steve’s shoulder, “Come on Cap, why don’t we go get you some food.”
“Look Rogers,” Stark begins, voice low and circling like a shark would its prey, “I appreciate that you’ve obviously come in thinking there is a job to do, and some of the work isn’t as middle tier as I thought it was going to be, but I’m afraid I really don’t need you.”
"Uh, he ran, because he's an idiot." Steve muttered the last part under his breath, and because his treacherous mouth loved running on, "He was only taking a photo because he thought you were handsome."
Steve’s tirade seems to run him weary, for he steps back, looks down at the ground. In the pause Antonia’s eyes fill, but she for once is speechless, dancing on the knife edge that this conversation is. All too worried that one more wrong word might banish her from him forever. And that thought seizes her heart like a vice.
Tony’s too sleepy to puzzle through what that means, but he smiles all the same. Steve speaks with Bucky in the hallway, voices low for a while, and Tony falls into a dreamlike state somewhere between breathing and sleeping. He lets the time drip through his fingers, until Steve’s crouched in front of him again.
“Party without me? Bitches.” He smirks good-naturedly, “I still think we should go out clubbing, especially now Clint could probably bag us some girls out of pity for the cripple.”
Of course, Antonia could not stew for long. But she could definitely be miserable for longer – what an awful business! It destroyed everything she had wished for – each blasted part of it pain and humiliation. And most of all, god, the pain for Virginia. She would have gladly suffered all the pain and humiliation alone, to spare the effects of her blunder on anyone but herself. If she hadn’t persuaded Virginia into liking the man, she could have borne anything. He could have doubled his efforts towards me, confessed devotion in public for everyone to see, should it have been solely confined to herself.
“Oh, my customers always leave me satisfied.” Steve says, low and husky, eyes devouring Tony stretched out before him, “Leave your hands there.” He says, command threading his tone, desire flowing through Tony like quicksilver, before using both his own hands to sit up. The angle sparks something delicious up Tony’s back that wrenches a groan from his lips, Steve’s eyes zeroing in on the sound with a lick of his lips. He kneels above Tony, lit up from the skylight like some dirty angel. The rhythm is slow, a delicious slide that is so far from rushed Tony thinks he can feel every inch and drag. Steve looks down at him with a gaze close to adoration, like Tony is his lodestar, his center point which everything else merely revolves around. The room is quiet aside the filthy sound of skin sliding, of heavy breathing, but it fills the room with something like a confession.
And Steve, hopped up on the delicious feel of morphine, will smile aimlessly, none the wiser to the ferociousness of his beloved. But his soul knows it, his soul resets and curls up like a cat in his ribs with the secure knowledge that it’s other half would destroy the earth if it meant Steve was safe.
“A good match – how little you must know of Antonia to say such a thing.” Both their voices were raised now, like kindling to an open flame, “My intimate friend, marrying a farmer? It would be a degradation.”
“He didn’t wear the glasses, but I want to see the glasses now. I don’t think anything could make him look sexier than he already does, but I’d love to be proven wrong.”
He wonders if all marks feel like this, spares a moment to feel sorry for those who don’t, then returns to feeling viciously glad that it feels like this for him, for them. If he gets this, if he gets Steve panting against his mouth like he’s ran a marathon, everything else doesn’t matter.
In comparison the Hammers were a little more than an inkblot across a canvas. Irrelevant, and one that could easily be brushed over if given the right motivation. The Starks had long held a high place in the consideration of the neighborhood which Mr. Hammer had first entered not two years ago; where he had attempted to make his way as he could without any alliances or anything to recommend him other than his situation and civility. And to look above so highly to think her in love with him! She would admit that her own behavior had been so complacent and obliging, full of courtesy and attention. If
“Oh no no!” Cried Antonia, laughing carelessly, “Upon no account, please tell me anything but the truth of what you are thinking!”
" Tony barks, looking between the two employees like he was watching a tennis match, who both refuse to meet his eyes.
Miss Hill and Miss Romanov were back before too long, walking into the room escorted by Clint Barton; and Mrs. Hammer seemed to think it as much her duty as Captain Rogers to receive them.
“Your phone number got banned from phoning into Rocky 101 because you kept boring them with twenty minute segues into players form, I think that’s strong evidence to the contrary.” Natasha points out to muffled laughter.
Mr. Clint Barton did not come. When the time proposed drew near, Mrs. Marvel’s fears were justified in the arrival of a letter of excuse. For the present, he could not be spared, and his letter spoke at length of his “great mortification and regret”.
Howard puts him beside Tiberius Stone and tells him to play nice in a whisper made through gritted teeth and a hand clenched round his shoulder that makes Tony ache.
The house belonged to people in business, with Miss Hill occupying the drawing-room floow; and there, in the very moderate sized apartment, which was everything to them, sat a crackling fire, a tumbling selection of sweet cakes on the table by the window, and Natasha Romanov.
“I have reason to think,” he replied, “That Virginia Potts will soon have an offer of marriage from James Rhodes. He is desperately in love with your Miss Potts and means to marry her. He came to me for advice, as he knows I have a thorough regard for him and all his family. He came to ask me whether he thought it imprudent to settle so early, but seemed utterly transfixed by your Miss Potts. He always speaks with such purpose; open and straightforward with good judgement. An excellent man, and despite my doubts of the match I gave my blessing. I must say I’m surprised your friend has been able to keep the good news to herself. I thought he must of spoken to her yesterday, he was so wonderfully determined.”
Spot the shameless Darcy hand flex homage because if I can get in a P&P reference moment to showcase the sheer *what the fuck* Steve about how hopeless he is for Antonia you best believe I'm getting it in.
He seemed very engrossed in writing a letter, and irritation scuttled across Antonia’s back at the notion that he could not pay her similar attention. “Mr. Barton told me that the Cages are to celebrate their new improvements with a party.” She says, out of nothing, just wanting to hear Steven’s voice.
Tony balks, hurt shooting through his eyes before it’s masked as quick as it arrived, “Do you know, you’re not the first to assume the worst about me.” He looks up, smile sad, “You’re the first to be wrong, though.”
Natasha Romanov has grown into a beauty not even a dimly lit room can hide. She looks like a renaissance painting, fiery hair falling in corkscrew curls past her waist, framing a porcelain face and emerald eyes.
“I assume so considering how Thor kept roaring about how he throttled one of their ‘kin’ as a toddler. Surprisingly didn’t do well to calm them down.”
However, she would be lying if it did not intrigue her. She was a curious creature after all. She announced as much to Captain. Rogers, prodding as much as necessary (and perhaps exaggerated a little more) at the conduct of the Bartons, in keeping him away. And naturally, because it was a day ending in y, ended directly in disagreement with Captain. Rogers.
“Good morning, Miss Stark.” He bowed low, though not low enough that Antonia couldn’t see the tremble of a grin around his lips. He was pretty, in the way that a man arrogant enough to know he was handsome only could be. Charm ran off him like water, and he unfolded himself from the deep bow with a charismatic smile, “I find Highbury to be as pretty and welcoming as it’s hosts.”
“Shall we head into the jaws of the beast then?” Steve’s voice shakes, “I can only apologize in advance for my friends.”
There could hardly be a happier creature in the world than Mrs. Bruce Banner, in this short visit to Hartfield, going about every morning amongst her old acquaintances with her child in tow, and talking over what she had done every evening with Antonia and Maria, two very close friends falling just shy of blood relative in affection. She had nothing to wish for otherwise, other than that the days did not pass so swiftly.
her by the wayside, simply for the happenstance of his birth. A birth, that in actuality is not so far away from my own, and so I sit and wonder whether our friendship is merely based on the fact that the luck of my lot has caused me to be landed with good fortune. Is that why you feel comfortable enough to grace me with the time of day? Do you only sit with me out of pity for my station, am I just another charity case to you, another man whose affection you scheme with? How long before you shoehorn me into embarrassment and ill thought through schemes at the expense of my happiness?” Antonia wants to scream a protest at his words, but he continues without stopping, “I have been wondering this, Antonia, and now wonder whether the only reason you haven’t turned your schemes to me is because you see me as less than, as undeserving.”
“I’d have to be blind to not think so.” Steve answers, surprising himself with the flirty tone that spills out. It’s not like him to be direct, he’s been compared to a Labrador in the past. All boundless energy completely directed in the wrong places.
“Where have you been hidin’?” Steve’s Brooklyn drawl is always thick in lazy morning afters, and Tony loves the sound.
Mr. and Mrs. Bruce Banner were not detained long at Hartfield. The weather soon improved enough for those to move who must move; and Maria Stark having, as usual, attempted to persuade Elizabeth to stay with all her children, being obliged to see them off.
.” Tony begs, watches the sadness in his old confidant’s eyes. A memory flashes across his vision, of being young and impetuous and saved from skinned knees and bloody noses by Happy’s gentle guidance. It feels hollow now.
Later, much later, Bucky will sit by his hospital bed with fond and terrified eyes, lean forward and clasp his shoulder with his one remaining good arm, and say
The dance with Clint was enough to confirm her suspicions. There was nothing like flirtation between her and her partner at all. They seemed more like cheerful, easy friends, than lovers. That Clint Barton felt and thought less of her than he had done, was indubitable. And Antonia merely felt happier for it.
She had not advanced many yards from Mrs. May’s door, when she was met by the man of the hour – Mr. Hammer himself, evidently coming towards Mrs. May’s, intent on inquiring as to the illness of Virginia, and carry some report on her state to Hartfield. Shortly after they were stumbled upon by Mr. Banner, returning from his daily visit to Donwell with a healthy and glowing face. They joined company and proceeded together. Antonia was just explaining the nature of her friend’s illness, and how she was confined to bed with a cold, a great deal of heat shrouding her and causing a throat very much inflamed. Something, apparently, Virginia had suffered with often.
However this particular evening she had requested of Miss. May that Pepper be allowed to attend, and as such she was incredibly excited to have what was shaping up to be an exciting evening ahead. Steve to her left, Pepper to her right, and every inch of her scheming laid out in front of her.
And god, never mind Tony coming before too long, Steve’s near humping the sheets. He can feel Tony’s arousal like a balm on his skin, can feel his heartbeat like a drum against his ribs, can hear Tony’s shaky exhalations like they are against his ear.
even Steve’s surprised by them, and by Tony’s moan so is he. They are far more confident than Steve’s should be, but
So when Maria questions further she simply shakes her head, and prays that Steven will come to terms with her lack of forgiveness. Her stomach roils with the thought of never speaking to him again.
This is a moment, Steve knows after, that had them stood on the brink of something. Of what, he doesn’t know. They both lean over the side, into the dark, and sway for a moment there before swinging back into relative safety.
She paused for a minute to let this information percolate before standing up again with speed, always the antithesis of serenity. “Captain Rogers.” Said she, “I know you are resolved to dislike Mr Barton, to find him tiresome. I know you disapprove of him, and I know you wish to protect me – perhaps as an older brother would”
Tony thinks, for a short moment, of the pathetic kisses he’d exchanged with Ty Stone. Teenagers who don’t know any better slobbering all over each other in an attempt to race to maturity, in proof of shaking off adolescence. Ty had always wanted to take it further, wanted to push it, and there had been times Tony was tempted. To let Ty fuck into him as a giant fuck you to fate. But he could never go through with it, the mark on his chest a reminder that someone out there loved him enough to reach through the stars and claim him.
“Yeah right, who’d listen to your rants about the New York Dodgers. I swear that’s what my EBIDTA bonus was for last year.” Bruce interjects.
“Oh! Miss Stark, believe me I have not the audacity to suppose – Indeed I am not so much of a climber – but it is a pleasure to admire him from a distance – and to think of his infinite superiority to all the rest of the world.”
“I merely wanted to point out that as I am in the room, I can probably recount every single detail of my letters myself.” Natasha spoke softly, voice light in tone with her hands remaining folded on her lap. The very picture of a distinguished lady.
Now Steve’s the one swearing, “Fuck Tony, the mouth on you.” He drops his forehead to Tony’s, and the pair grin at each other, sweaty and flush. It shouldn’t be this easy, something in Steve wants to warn him. But right now, linked to Tony in a way that feels like forever, he can’t seem to care.
Tony’s eyes, liquid honey poured over just browned toast. Flecked starlight amongst the backdrop of the sun. Steve uses them as an anchor, holding fast.
They stare down at their joined hands, late summer evening light filtering into the room to contribute to the warmth Tony feels flooding him from the inside out. It feels like he’s been hibernating, like he’s been carving out this space inside himself he didn’t even realise especially for Steven. The silence sits over them for a minute like a cloud.
Tony watches Steve in battle with something akin to wonder. He is a phenomenally good leader. Intelligent (in a way that often takes Tony’s breath away), charismatic, kind and generous. His loyalty is unflinching and his empathy extraordinary; able to take in every factor before taking action and moving his team to the best possible points without faltering.
Instead of drawing Captain Rogers off to a window while they waited for dinner, he was talking to Miss Romanov. Mrs. Hammer, as elegant as pearls and lace could attempt to make her, was clearly annoyed to be slighted with a lack of enthusiasm or interest. But Bruce Banner was not one for false pleasantries, and Miss Romanov was an old acquaintance and a quiet girl more suitable to his calm and gentle speed. He had met her before breakfast as he was returning from a walk with his little girl, when it had been just beginning to rain. It was natural to have some civil turn on the subject, and he said,
that this is what he did to the rest of the team. It’s like his heart has been squeezed of every last emotion but fear and guilt, and both of those sit so heavy it feels like the weight of Mjolnir balanced atop his ribcage. Without thinking, his hand rears back and punches the shower tile so hard it cracks underneath the pressure.
Tony doesn’t need to ask who. He only has to look at how she thumbs over the flowers at her wrist to know who she means.
Next time, when Steve reaches for the light and Tony stops him with quivering fingers, he turns and softens when he sees the fear in Tony’s eyes.
“LET’S FINISH THIS.” He roars, and bounds off with the rush of adrenaline headier than any drug coursing through his veins leaving the man in metal still standing stock still.
of my favourite emma adaptation, the joy that is the bbc 2009 tv series with the ever wonderful romola garai and johnny lee miller. Let me tell you that the captain had me DEAD and it perfectly fits the idiocy of these two MORONS in love.
So when Tony pushes him into the kitchen where the whole group are sat round a massive spread of nachos, tortillas and fajitas sprawled across the table he doesn’t know what to do. They all look up when Steve enters, and Thor is the first to beam, a look slightly at odds with the massive black eye he is sporting – though it appears to be healing as the minutes go past.
“You can come out now darling.” Sarah’s voice is clear, cuts through the cacophony of Tony’s thoughts. He’s not spared a minute to panic, for she steps through before he can think to hide. Her eyes widen in surprise before she settles, smooths her sundress with slightly shaky hands, and smiles wide.
phone on you then? I wouldn't mind giving you a ring sometime and showing you my etchings." Tony falls into flirting as quickly as breathing, and Steve swears he can feel a blush spread across his face as he scrambles to find his own phone, nearly dropping Sam's in the process.
“Miss Stark shall have to excuse me, Mr H, Rogers, Natasha. I am afraid I do not think I have anything remotely clever to say that will entertain.” Mrs Hammer’s words were heavy with judgement into the thick air.
Neither of them hear Maria cry out in perfect happiness, neither of them see her turn to Jarvis and hug him so tightly he splutters.
“Is this not most vexatious, Rogers?” she cried – making Antonia grind her teeth with the intimate name once more –“And such weather for exploring! These delays are so disappointing – before this time last year I had already organized and attended a delightful exploring party. The year will wear away at this rate!”
“Natasha would break your legs all over again if she saw you struggling this much and she’d probably not hesitate to kill me if I didn’t help.” Clint’s shoulders droop, face weary, before visibly shaking himself and brightening.
Dusk falls around Tony’s shoulders like a shroud, sadness quick to follow. He should of taken up Rhodey’s offer of a Thanksgiving with him, but he’d stupidly thought the Stark house might have been a reprieve. Might of thought that the grades he was tracking this quarter were enough to ease the endless assault Howard waged against the son that would never be good enough. It was a horrible dance they played, Tony always striving for some form of validation from a father who did not grant it, hating himself every time he automatically sought it anyway.
“I did not know you could speak Chinese, Steven.” Antonia’s mother gracefully interjects, and she thinks everyone is thankful for the relief. Steven strides over from where he stood and grins, raking a hand through his hair.
It doesn’t take long to show Sarah Rogers to the kitchen, and she watches him with a smile tinged with sadness as he walks her through everything from the hot plate to the walk in freezer.
“I need to be invited to one of your ragers Thor, they sound right up my alley.” Tony comments, and upon Thor’s look of confusion, groans. “You have no
“In short,” said he, “perhaps, Miss Stark, since you do know everything – I think you can hardly be without suspicion.”
By the time they are settled, and Steve’s fetched the popcorn, Clint is back on the sofa – sprawled across it. Natasha has brought through some hairbands, saying she’s “saving them for later”. Which turns out to be correct as before the opening credits have even began to roll, Thor wanders in and screams slightly girlish delight at the prospect of a “night of these moving pictures together as brethren!” and immediately takes the space between Natasha’s legs on the floor. She begins to comb through and braid his long hair, and the demi-god who by day wields a hammer and holds lightning to his beck and call sits quietly with his eyes half closed as the spy gently brushes through his hair and he ends up having a Russian braid down one side of his hair and several hairclips down the other. The room goes deathly silent when she starts singing softly, a Russian lullaby, her voice clear and crisp and pure, and when she finishes Thor reaches up and grabs hold of her hand tightly.
They giggle together in the darkness, hands in each other’s grip, minds full up of thoughts of the other, soulmarks in perfect synchronicity.
“I thought I knew him, Antonia.” Says Mrs. Marvel, “This has hurt me deeply, and his father. And there is some part of his conduct we cannot excuse.”
“Why Miss Stark, do not even think that. Your dancing makes Miss Romanov look like a shrew.” Clint Barton joked back, and Antonia let the words warm her.
“Your life is beginning now too, mother.” And the words feel foreign on his lips, but completely at home all at the same time. Maria’s eyes shoot to his, watering at the edges. She reaches for his hand, squeezes, and sighs. It rattled around her, around the room, as she takes one long look and nods.
used to sit is now covered entirely in bold, upper case letters. The words are large, blocking out the memory of what used to sprawl across Steve’s arm.
“This is a pleasure,” said he, in rather a low voice, “coming ten minutes earlier than I had calculated. You find me trying to be useful; tell me if you think I shall succeed.
He catches Steve sneaking glances of him in the mirror, awestruck like he can’t believe this is real. Tony knows how he feels. Steve reaches over, grabs ahold of Tony’s left hand, and squeezes. The mood turns tense again, longing steeped in Tony’s veins like tea leaves in hot water. It’s like now he knows he is allowed to touch he can’t help himself, lets his gaze track up Steve’s arms, across his shoulders and down his chest. Covetous and adoring, he tracks the flush that curls up the back of Steve’s neck as he feels Tony’s attention on him.
There, with spirits freshened, thoughts a little relieved, did she see Captain Rogers striding down the hill, coming towards them. He had always cut the most handsome, broad-shouldered figure, but her new realization of
.” Howard spits, “and you will forget these fanciful notions the next time a blond airhead offers you a quick fuck.”
Mr. Marvel was exceedingly disappointed – much more so than the remarkably sanguine Mrs. Marvel. Though the disappointment does not last long, as hope always seems to conquer it, and before long they are in agreement that Clint’s arrival in a few months would be a much better time of year for his attendance. How clever he was to be rearranging to better weather, when he could surely stay far longer.
“Ah few things, really.” Tony’s voice is quick, rambling, “Tougher armour for you – currently I have to sacrifice the manoeuvrability for the durability but I’m sure I’ll find a way around that. Better arrows for Clint – can’t have him fall aga-“ he goes quiet, face stormy, before turning back to his work and throwing his hand out violently (and Steve still can’t get over the fact that the images projected move and twist with Tony’s every move) for the arrowhead projected to increase in size.
“I’m - there are - I have scars.” Tony bites off, eyes darting anywhere but Steves gaze. Steve softens, his hands quieter. Each movement is slow, telegraphing every twitch to Tony, letting him catalogue and understand every move with every opportunity for escape.
“How sad,” Virginia muses toward the end of their conversation, “If you were to go through your life, without a period where you thought
if the knowledge and feel of how he’s already got Tony near wrecked doesn’t spur him on. He’s suddenly fiercely glad of the gutter talk he’d been subjected to in barracks, of Bucky’s stories, because it’s what makes him cover a finger in lube and lean forward to take Tony in his mouth at the same time as circling a slick finger round his hole.
“Rogers you are a God.” He murmurs in between gulping down the drink so fast Steve’s surprised he doesn’t burn his mouth. The silence that follows isn’t so much comforting as it is awkward – he’s never known Tony to be so quiet. Watching as Tony turns back to whatever he was working on before Steve entered, he clears his throat and begins to speak.
“Yes, through my time served in the infantry it was discovered I had an affinity for languages and it was quickly put to good use. I do believe however, that myself and Miss Stark have some business to attend to, do excuse us.” Taking hold of Antonia’s elbow, he steers the pair of out the room and down the corridor.
"I don't - think - I have a room for you... both. I think there is a hotel a few blocks away that will be more accommodating to your, ah, tastes." The receptionist says now, blood rushing to Tony's ears as anger swamps him.
Tony slides over to let Steve carve out a space beside him, still sleep drunk, when Steve replies, “You never have to feel embarrassed around me, Tony.”
would never risk a lady’s reputation!” She is emphatic now, watches Mr. Barton’s face fall slightly, and thinks perhaps he was toying with a gift for her? Best save face slightly, “Unless of course,” she hurries to suggest, “he was most ardently in love.”
“But to walk quite so alone – let my mother’s servant go with you. Or – indeed! Let me order the carriage, it can be round in five minutes.”
Tonight though, he genuinely is quite excited, even if he would rather be at home pinned against the wall by a certain six foot two wall of muscle. He’s sat huddled over the bar with a group of people that actually make him laugh for real, and he won’t say anything but he’s sure that Natasha’s glare is what’s keeping everyone else away.
"I don't know why you are smirking. For once I'm not being presumed to be the one dragging down this relationship." Tony counters, practically ignoring the hotel staff now.
“Break it to me!” cried Antonia, absolutely aflame with panic now, “Oh is it Captain Rogers? Tell me at once – please!” her voice was loud, shaking. “Do not attempt concealment from me.”
Nevertheless, Steve acquiesces, only because he thinks he’s not far from being able to come like this, untouched on nothing but the heavy words of Tony’s arousal. He sheaths himself, and gives his cock a few lazy swipes with lube, a proud flush sweeping up his skin when Tony makes a noise between shock and arousal, and presses forward.
“Oh god.” Is all Tony can answer, delighted and ridiculously turned on by his filthy and wonderful husband.
It is a photo of them, one Steve took without Tony’s knowledge, Steve’s grinning wide at the camera, and Tony is just staring at Steve’s profile like he can’t believe he exists.
with it. He should be worried about Bucky wandering in, should be worried about what his mother thinks of his empty bed. But he can’t think of anything else but Steve’s lips on his own, can’t think of anything but his mark taking on its own heartbeat against his neck.
“I say nothing of which I am ashamed,” he replied, eyes sparkling with cheek, Antonia could feel Miss Romanov’s eyes on them both, wide and searching, “I saw you first in February. Let everyone on the Hill hear me if they can, since I first saw you I found you irresistible.” And then whispering, “Our companions are boring. What shall we do to rouse them?”
After these, came a second set; of whom were Mrs and Miss Hill, and Mrs May, three ladies who would grab at any invitation to Hartfield and whom were fetched and carried home so often that Mrs Stark thought James and the horses knew the journey by heart.
“Oh this is certainly the place! Antonia you must promise me a dance!” Clint Barton crowed, and his exuberance rubbed off on her own countenance.
“Oh yes, it’s quite beautiful, Natasha says. But she has decided to come visit us in Highfield instead!” Miss. Hill is overcome with enthusiasm, talking before Miss Romanov can even get a word in edgeways, “Natasha said Ireland is so very beautiful. Mr. Coulson says… what is it dear?” she asks at Natasha’s glare.
She could admit, away from a place that Steve would crow in victory at such admission, that he had indeed been right on her matchmaking efforts.
It’s in this state of dreamy disarray and euphoria that he trips into the serving quarters, thinks nothing of the light still on in the walk in. Jarvis often leaves it on, a beacon for Tony to guide himself back again. He hums to himself, pulls a bag of crisps down from the cabinet, and succeeds in stifling a scream when he notices he’s not alone.
The time with Captain Rogers gave Antonia a considerable amount to daydream on. It was one of the most agreeable recollections of the ball, which she walked about the lawn the next morning to enjoy. She was glad to be in his good spirits again, come so good to a joint understanding of the Hammers, that they should think so alike. It was gratifying, to know that in reality Mr. Hammer’s most vulgar proposition to her actually spared Pepper of such a groom. She was glad that the summer before her seemed such a happy one – Pepper rational of mind, Clint Barton not too much in love, and Captain Rogers not wanting to quarrel with her! It was as though the stars aligned.
Safety in numbers must be sought, she resolved, and as they were just approaching the house where lived Miss. Hill, she determined to call upon them. Miss. Hill loved to be called upon, and they were quite safe from any letter from Natasha Romanov by her calculations.
Antonia had not thought him this deeply in love that the mere thought of leaving her cost him so. She did not know how to feel, how to look. How did one behave when in love? Why did no one tell her?
And oh Steve does. He looks his fill, dragging his eyes down his frame in a way that makes him bold, pushing the boundaries of what’s acceptable. He doesn’t miss how Tony’s eyes kindle in return, “yeah. Good different.”
“Well they are so very civil. And I am not so proud that I cannot admit to changing my mind. Beside, you can clearly change yours. Taking my advice with the coach! I am proud to be on your arm tonight!”
“You’ll hear nothing but the truth from me. You always have. I have lectured you, I have scolded you, and you have not only born it like no other woman would, with your own observations – you have grown into a woman so incredible I am constantly amazed you would allow me to be in your presence.”
Having arranged all these matters in her mind, put them to right, she was just turning to the house with freshened spirits, when the great iron-sweep gate opened, and two persons she never expected to see together entered. Clint Barton, holding Pepper in his arms. The iron gates and the front-door were not twenty yards asunder; they were all three soon in the hall, Clint delicately placing Pepper into the chair closest to him.
Steven was silent for a while, and perhaps no more than a few months ago his silence would have caused Antonia to rush in with jokes and jests, but she knew now to let him breathe. He dropped her hand, and the silence grew still, pregnant with potential, but she was thankful for it. It gave her time to commit to memory just how handsome a figure he cut.
It’s Sarah Rogers, hands propped on her hips, mouth framed around a laugh, eyes sparkling. “This certainly explains a lot.” She says, by way of nothing, and laughs herself stupid.
“Yeah.” His voice is hoarse, “yeah fine. Glad to have you back Shellhead.” He manages to force out, clapping Tony once on the shoulder, before making excuses to puzzled faces and running out the room like the hounds of hell are nipping at his feet.
This gives Mr. Barton pause, “She. Pale – so very pale. If a young lady can ever appear to be allowed to look ill – she did so.”
“So what’s the problem?” And like Steven always had the keen ability to do, he saw immediately through what she was thinking, cut straight to the heart of it, “Oh I see, you haven’t received an invitation yet?”
Now that both Pepper and Steve were at home in Highbury once more, and the earth realigned, Antonia could look forward to the upcoming Friday evening with fervour. Maria Stark held some of the most highly sought after invitations once a week, a close of the day met with dinner and fine company. Only those who Maria held in high regard were invited (or at least, those in high regard, and those Antonia wished to visit. Sometimes these didn't go hand in hand).
“It’s my particular brand of hobo chic.” Tony counters, voice sharp because he does battle with words and sarcasm, can arm himself to the teeth with acerbic wit and insults meant to hurt. Bucky’s steady gaze tells him he knows it too.
Clint’s halfway through an anecdote that has Bruce cracking half a smile, betraying the tremors in his hand. Clint has an ability to set everyone at ease, to move past whatever is bothering them without even a look in that direction. When Steve has particularly bad nightmares and Tony is on the other side of the world unable to reach him, it is Clint that can be found in the kitchen, handing Steve a spoon and offering half of the opened Ben and Jerry’s tub without a word and Tony is eternally grateful. Steve has this stupid notion he has to hold everyone else up, to be strong so that others can afford to show weakness and Tony refuses to let him shoulder it all by himself.
Tony laughs. Steve flashes him a look of anger and it is all Tony can do to force out the words in between the laughter bubbling out of him. “Of course I’m not embarrassed to be seen with you. How could anyone be embarrassed to be seen with you?” The laughter dies in his throat when he throws the next words out, “I just don’t want anyone else to have you.”
so familiar it steals Tony’s breath. He begins taking off his leather jacket, slowly, and when he winces as it catches on his arm Tony is there beside him, gut tightening in worry.
"Hi I have a reservation under Mr. Carbonell." He says behind sunglasses and a dodgers baseball cap. He'd find it funny, how little makes him anonymous in the sharp light of the oncoming sunset, but he's too hyped up to care. Steve's moulded to his back, huffing a laugh against Tony's neck that has every hair standing to attention.
“It is very unfair to judge of any body’s conduct,” Steve snorts in response to this, but Antonia merely raises her eyebrows and barrels on, “without intimate knowledge of their situation. If you have not been in the interior of a family, how can you comment or say what difficulties of any individual of that family may be. We cannot be aware of his aunt and uncle, whether they have a particular temper or anger toward him showing any favour to his father.”
Steven sat down not long after, making it his personal ambition to gain a seat close to Antonia’s side. His close quarters made Antonia smile, and caused Mr. Hammer’s own to slide off his face a moment, face turned wretched, before the smile was in hand once more.
“I... that is. I got personal leave.” Steve’s voice is trembling like a leaf, words threadbare and soft. It’s so unlike the normally stalwart and unshakeable foundations of his Steve that Tony feels panic in his lungs.
Howard continues like Tony hasn’t spoken, “you have defied me. You have lied to me. You are not worthy of the Stark name.” His voice is shaking, and Tony reaches out to Steve to grab a hold of him like a chokehold. “You will leave this house only to finish your degree, and then you will be coming back to work for Stark Industries. You will publicly date who I require you to. You will associate with those I tell you to. You will not see this - this
everything right now, he can’t get Steve close enough, a groan reverberating around his skull when Steve’s mouth moves under his, open and wet. Steve kisses like Tony imagines he wages war, like a siege, like strategy alight under the most turbulent of conditions. Steve has one arm around his waist, hand under his jumper to palm at the small of Tony’s back. The other is wrapped in the tendrils of his hair, and when he takes a hold and twists just a little to get better access Tony keens into his mouth, rocks up a little dazedly.
So that being said, when he sees the 20 foot tall monster they are fighting in Central Park raise a rebar towards Tony’s suit he doesn’t even hesitate to run interference in between. It is not a death wish,
“Come, Anthony. Come back to the house and I’ll make you hot cocoa in the kitchens.” Jarvis says, unflinchingly British - soothing and stoic and sad at the same time. And if Tony notices that even Jarvis doesn’t call the sprawling mansion a home, he doesn’t say anything. They both know there is nothing in those walls that suggest it deserves the title.
“Antonia, dear heart, why do you shake so.” He spoke softly, raising a hand to her shoulder and squeezing it in comfort.
Antonia had every reason to be satisfied with the party as she was with Captain. Rogers. She was received with a cordial respect which pleased, and given all the consequence she could wish for, and Mr. Barton approached her with a cheerful eagerness that marked her as his peculiar object, and at dinner she found him seated by hear – and, as she firmly believed, not without some dexterity on his side.
“Will you dance, dear Antonia?” the words are quiet, and Antonia looks down at the white gloved hand proferred to her before nodding and placing her own in his palm.
“Antonia, be kind. She has … come down in the world these past years and we have to look after her.” He speaks softly, and Antonia has to ignore the little part of her that wants to nod and agree to anything the man has to say.
No misfortune occurred again to prevent the ball. The day approached, the day arrived; and after a morning of some anxious watching, Clint Barton, in all the certainty of his own self, reached Donwell before dinner, and everything was secure.
Nevertheless, she brushes such thoughts aside, as the bend in the lane ahead of them presents them with a familiar face, “Ah, Virginia, here comes a very sudden trial of our stability in good thoughts. Well, I hope it may be allowed that if compassion to those written of in the novel has produced exertion and relief to us, then it has done as a novel should. If we feel wretched, then the novel has proved its worth.”
He pulls one of Steve’s jumpers over his head. It’s far too large on him, he rolls the sleeves up in a well practiced move. The neck, stretched over time and well-thumbed use, slips to bare his shoulder every so often. He pushes it up every time it falls, and doesn’t think he imagines the faint smell of earth and fresh air and
Clint colours something fierce, making Steve smother a chuckle into his coffee cup, “Well, I think yours has gotten worse since Nat decided to show you mercy so don’t know what that says about you, metalhead.”
“No, there is but one woman in the world that I could allow to invite guests as she pleased to Donwell.”
“I had leave, wasn’t intending on coming here during Thanksgiving since I was sure you were still at MIT and Ma was working. And well, you want this to be secret which I understand.” Steve speaks, voice rumbling in his throat against Tony’s cheek, “but, I felt you. And I just started driving.”
He only speaks to Obie again once. It’s a quick thing, muttered words into the phones mouthpiece. It’s enough. He feels the hours march towards him, the clock ticking down to its inevitable conclusion.
Steve is snoring softly by his side, one hand still in Tony’s, knelt by the bed like he’s praying for forgiveness. It looks horrendously uncomfortable, Steve still fully clothed down to his shined shoes, and Tony feels a wave of gratitude and affection sweep through him like a tidal wave.
He stares at it for a while, completely wrapped up. He senses Tony’s gaze on him, and answers it with, “I wrote about how this piece is an artist’s answer to the Rorshach test. Pollock slicing open his veins, offering the world his blood, and demanding they answer him with what it resonates to each individual. It’s a perfect inkblot of humanity.” He stares at it a second more, fingers flickering out as though to touch it, before blinking and blushing, “I’m sorry, I’m sure I’m boring you.”
He can’t help it though, now. Every time the alarm sounds and he watches Steve shoulder into the suit like he was born to do it, there is a treacherous voice that whispers
“Mr. Barton, you spoil us.” Her mother spoke first with a smile, watching them both in a way that confused Antonia no end.
She was satisfied with the knowledge that he found Pepper, with her shock of red hair and deep cherry lips, astonishingly beautiful. And he was a very pleasing young man, with looks most women would not object to. She knew he was thought of being very handsome by most, though not by her. There was a genteelness where Antonia preferred steel. Preferred broad shoulders tapered to slim waists. Roguish looks framed by corn-spun blonde hair.
He comes back into his own head now as Steve prepares him, scissors him wide with his gorgeous large and blunt fingers. Steve’s careful not to hit his prostate, a fact that makes Tony narrow his eyes looking down at his lover, who only glances at him with a wicked grin.
No longer were the words spoken than he had deflated, eyes heavy, and done just that. It was a mark of how truly shattered he must have been, how he must not have even stopped at Donwell to shed his outerclothes before coming to Hartfield. A wave of tenderness threatened to overwhelm Antonia right where she stood as she thought of how he must have been so worried as to what they thought about whether he’d return that he’d rushed to them with no regard for his health.
“Tony, love, please tell me your close.” Steve’s voice is wrecked with it, sweat pooling in the crook of his brow, dropping onto Tony’s skin. He wants to chase that sweat, wants to lick it out of Tony’s belly button, wants every dirty and filthy part of Tony Stark claimed as his.
called at Miss Hill, passing the door. I thought it better, the right thing to do. I went in, detained by Miss Hill being absent. She was out, and I felt it impossible to not wait until she came in. I spoke with Miss Romanov, to pass on my apologies.”
That single minded terror and confusion is all he can think of now. He can feel Bucky’s hands round his wrist, pulling him up. He can
Antonia then took a longer time for consideration. Should she proceed no farther? Should she let it pass, and appear to suspect nothing? Perhaps she might think her cold and angry without appearing to query where her thoughts were. No no, she must speak all she knows. Plain dealing was best, safer for both to speak.
She missed Steven’s look of happiness morph into something tighter when she heard Clint Barton call her name from the top of the house steps.
The only sound now is skin on skin, filthy and obvious, as are the moans Tony feels punched out of him on every exhale of air. It’s lewd and loud, broken and beautiful, but it’s
They walked off, followed in half a minute by Captain Rogers. Mr. Marvel took it upon himself to take Pepper under his wing, claiming he’d show her the views at the top of the hill, and soon it was only Clint and Antonia who remained, and the young man’s spirits now rose to a pitch almost unpleasant. Even Antonia grew tired at last of flattery and merriment, wishing herself walking quietly about with Steven, or even
The day they've had has been utterly ridiculous from start to finish. Tony thinks he can still feel ash clinging to his skin, smoke embedded in his pores. The tower was a mess, wires exposed against the walls like raw nerves, rock and rubble littering the floor. They'd stayed long enough to confirm the lab was secure, to make sure everyone was safe, before Tony had taken the initiative to book a hotel not too far away under a false name to avoid press and whisk his new husband away.
“And this, I suppose,” she starts, waving the letter around so that the wax seal glinted off the light of the roaring fire, “will have nothing to do with how Steve appeared this morning to me, hair askew and coat flying out behind him like some Regency hero.”
“I would do that, and a great deal more, for your honour.” Steven’s voice is raw with emotion, and she will keep what Mr Hammer said a secret no matter what. For she will never highlight to anyone how Steven looks at her, for worry that he will stop doing it, “I am just glad you are safe, for whilst never was there any doubt in my mind that you can and could handle yourself, I must admit relief that you are safe from such misplaced idiocy, and will call on him anyway to relay my displeasure.” Antonia moves to protest, “No. No this you will allow me, lest we tell Maria and unleash her untold wrath on the man.”
“I don’t know Sir.” Despite the fact that on occasion, Steve can’t stand this man, all full of false platitudes and hollow half-truths, he was still raised to be polite. A skinny kid from Brooklyn who has nothing going for him has to cultivate a reputation on his irreproachable manners and his attitude, and so even though he tries he can’t force himself to drop the Sir at the end of every sentence.
Such feelings rapidly restored Mr. Marvel’s comfort, while Mrs. Marvel was more quiet in her appraisal. She could only see how her husband suffered so when his charge wasn’t near, and how she bore the suffering of him on herself.
“And my idea,” said Captain. Rogers, “is that if he turns out anything like that, he will be insufferable. A practiced politician – a jack of all trades – who reads everyone’s character and knows enough to skim the surface but not enough to care or encourage. To display his own superiority in knowing everything and dispense shallow flatteries! My dear Antonia, I know you far too well to even try to endure such a person.”
“Antonia, I will do you the justice of saying that you chose better for him than he chose for himself. Miss Potts has some … first rate qualities that are infinitely preferable to a sensible gentleman than Mrs Hammer. I was surprised by our conversation.”
The wretchedness of the entire excursion did not stray far from Antonia’s thoughts, no matter how time passed. A whole evening of cards with her mother was not enough to supplant it from her mind, despite the probing and pushing Maria Stark granted her with.
“Tony.” He throws out, unable to stop the words before they stutter out his mouth, “Just Tony, please. Or. Or at least, Anthony. Anything but Master Stark. Or sir.” His eyes grow wide in panic when she looks as though she’ll argue the point, but she stops, graces him with a small grin.
Tony loses all sense of time, it could be minutes or hours when Steve next hitches his legs up to rest on his chest. He can’t help the immaturity of sticking a toe in his lover’s ear, sticking a tongue out when Steve groans.
Steve’s birthday falls on the 4th of July, a day full of fireworks and joy so wondrous he can’t help but get swept up in it. It’s well worn tradition that Bucky will arrive at five to eleven, slipping silently through his house careful not to disturb the hours of sleep Sarah Rogers steals from endless night shifts. They’ll grab a slice of pizza, wander Brooklyn until quarter to midnight, turning to run up the fire escape with sure and quick feet to watch the sky set alight, and Steve will rock back on his heels and pretend it’s all celebration for him.
They are intimately, achingly close now. Tony insistently trying to ignore how perfectly he fits into the space of Steve’s arms, like it was made for him. He can count every individual eyelash against Steven’s cheek, can see every fleck of green amongst the ocean blue of his eyes, sees the freckles like constellations across his nose. He watches Steve’s eyes flutter shut, like he’s fighting against sleep, like he’s as desperate to soak Tony in as Tony is to Steve.
When they all sat down together in a cluster it was better; for Clint Barton grew talkative, making her his first object. Every distinguishing attention that could be paid, was paid to her. To amuse her, and be agreeable in her eyes, seemed all that he cared for – and Antonia was not sorry to be flattered, gave him all the friendly encouragement. It meant nothing now in the admission of her inability to see him as anything more than a friend, though she could admit in the judgement of most looking on it must have seemed like flirtation, excessive flirtation at that.
They operated entirely word of mouth, as reputation spread so did demand, they had no need for fancy showboating when their efficient and fastidious work showed for themselves. So Steve wasn’t surprised, as such, when Stark Inc. came calling. He was flummoxed, if anything, because he wasn’t sure why a company so utterly cutting edge would require any help from outsides.
Steve thought of AVNG at the bottom of an out of date beer bottle. It had tasted foul, but that bitterness had made Steve stomach something even worse. Pension for a Sergeant was decent, honourable discharge making it more so, and the fanfare with which he had come home had … helped. But he couldn’t help but think of his troops who didn’t have the same. And it was that ferocious loyalty to his team that had his mind alight with ways to put their skills to use in a post-war world. Of turning the experience his team had into attractive sells to potential clients. Thus, AVNG was born. At first a baby he was fiercely protective of, now a corporate behemoth that was synonymous with security protection. And it made him burst with pride every single time someone got in touch asking for a quote.
it’s a coping mechanism. Steve doesn’t have the heart to tell her that she’s wrong. He’s still the skinny kid from Brooklyn who was always taught to stretch a meal, and so he can’t help himself from taking smaller portions and after the team eats he’ll stay up until midnight picking at the bones until he has enough to salvage for another two or three meals.
“But,” she says, slowly as the words form, “I was not in love with him. But how was he supposed to know that? I may have escaped, but this does not acquit
This particular evening, Antonia was busying herself with pulling apart her late father’s pocketwatch, if only to put it back together again. The pieces within were worn from this now regular routine, but she enjoyed noting how the mechanism worked, how it continued to work no matter the changes made to it.
“I have no quarrel with his trappings to family, I simply have quarrel with the fact we hear of him as an idle wanderer – why he was seen at Weymouth only a few weeks ago. This proves he can leave the Bartons. Yet he desires a trip of five or six hours to Weymouth over the two it would take him to grace his own family with his presence. This makes no sense to me.”
“Oh no! The letter must be all your own.” Antonia continues, “You write so prettily. You must be very clear and properly conscious of the pain you will inflict.”
“So, you weren’t lying then.” Clint starts, no welcome, no hello, “no wonder you volunteered to come down to give the speech to the big guy. Must have loved getting some Boss and Secretary roleplay on.” He turns to Tony now, and by way of welcome simply says, as Clint is want to do, “Did he wear his glasses? We are always telling him how sexy he looks with the glasses on. I bet he wore the glasses.”
someone to tell him it is going to be okay, that he will still be able to sit amongst holograms and draw, that they can still have movie night, that he can still joke around with Tony about the fact he liked the Star Wars reboot better than the original. He needs the little things, because otherwise he might break apart.
“Upon my word,” Antonia vowed, “I begin to doubt my having any such talent. Can you seriously ask me Pepper, whether I imagined him attached to another woman at the very time I was – tacitly, if not openly – encouraging you to give way to your own feelings? I
Now, it so happened that despite Antonia’s resolution of never marrying, there had always been something in the name, in the idea of Mr. Clint Barton, which always interested her. She had frequently thought that if she
“I hope you can detach the groin plate.” He had whispered, a knowing smirk colouring the words, “Because otherwise I am ripping it off.”
"Hi Mr. Carbonell, my name is Alexander and I am the manager. Liam here has informed me you want to understand our policies in a little more detail." The tone is dry and snooty and Tony is up to here with
She came in quickly from the garden, with a look of harried escape, little expecting to meet Miss Stark so soon, startling slightly.
Antonia frowns, “Nothing lucky about it. Just talent, and intuition.” She boasts, watching as the sides of Steve’s lips quirk up in an all too familiar gesture that meant he was trying to stop from smiling.
Captain Rogers might quarrel with her, but Antonia would not quarrel with herself. He was so much displeased that she did not see him at Hartfield for weeks, and when he did stop by, the air was stilted and conversation sparse. Any words exchanged were through the gentle mediation of Maria Stark, who could not fathom the murky waters they were now wading through. When he takes his leave though, his eyes burn into Antonia’s, so much so she would not be surprised to smell smoke rising from her petticoats.
With such thoughts, Mr. Hammer’s civilities were woefully unreciprocated, and ridiculously ill-timed; but she remained polite, while feeling very cross – and thinking that for sure Mrs. Marvel would bring forward the same information again at some point during the visit. And she was not wrong, when she finally was happily released from Mr. Hammer, and seated by Mr. Marvel at dinner, he made use of the very first interval in the cares of hospitality, to say to her.
“No.” Tony answers truthfully, watches the hurt glinting in Steven’s eyes too quick for him to mask it, “you are so much better than what I expected.”
“As if big man, I worked up a right appetite today flexing my guns to impress the ladies.” He jokes, and Natasha rolls her eyes, Bruce huffs a laugh, and the awkwardness that hovered in the room shatters.
“But! – I have never paid the slightest bit of attention to Miss Potts, except as your friend. For herself, I could care less if she lived or died.” Antonia gasped at such a confession, “No no no, everything I have done or said these past few weeks is to show my marked adoration for
In hindsight, Antonia realises that perhaps jealousy coloured the majority of her feelings toward Miss Romanov, and made her unkind in the first instance. And, well, can you blame the pair for being at war from then on?
“Well, I have so little confidence in my own judgement that whenever I marry, I hope somebody will choose a wife for me. Will you?” he said, turning to Antonia, rolling onto his back and placing his head nearly in her lap in a move so intimate Antonia had to rein back a blush. “I am sure I should like anybody chosen by you.”
Why she was so magnificent at this game of matchmaking! Why she only had to cast her mind back to yesterday, to remember just how good she was in ways of the heart.
Steven spoke very little of his own family, the destruction that littered his birth and upbringing. The scythe followed his lineage, followed his friends, closely and furiously. What little he let slip out in a puzzle piece only slowly unweaving itself even now to Antonia, was nothing but full of love and praise. How very callous of her to suggest.
‘For sure, this would have soon led to something far more invigorating,’ she told herself, ‘If I could have only kept longer away!’
They spoke further, the conversation changing and meandering in a way particularly pleasant to her. After walking together so long, and thinking so much alike, Emma felt herself so well acquainted with him, that she could hardly believe it to be only their second meeting. He was not exactly what she had expected; less of the man of the world in some of his notions, less of the spoiled child of fortune in others. His ideas seemed more moderate – his feelings warmer.
“My dearest Antonia,” He spoke quietly, words soaked in adoration now, “for dearest you will always be. My dearest, most beloved Antonia. I have loved you for as long as I can remember, for so long it has become a part of my identity. I have tried to hide it, for I knew if I thought about you as much as my mind was want to I would be stuck doting on you, and hold you on a pedestal of such high regard it would be obvious to anyone who met me who held my affections.”
“Me?” Pepper colors, astonished, “why should you caution me? You cannot think I care for Clint Barton.”
Howard watches him with puzzled, furious eyes every time. He won’t find a fault there, Tony makes sure of it.
He would be sure to report this all back to the lady of the manor, for it seemed that only continued intervention of the two of them would succeed in moving these two hopeless cases forward this century.
Once inside, they quickly join up with the other Avengers. These kind of events are never really about the people involved unless it is for a quick photo to be uploaded to Instagram for a popularity contest. It’s more about rubbing shoulders with the elite, about the gift bags and the politics and the who’s who. Tony is so glad he has an excuse not to attend these anymore, to plaster on his fake smile and pretend that he’s happy to be there.
Nevertheless, she swallows her anger and turns hastily to him, “Oh yes, we are all so very concerned. Maybe you wish to leave soon so that you can find out the latest news of her condition?”
“Thank you Tones.” Steve says, voice soft. Tony still has one of his hands clasped in his, though he’s lowered it from his heart, and Steve gives it a quick squeeze, reaching forward to kiss him with dry lips. It’s quick and there’s no heat, but the pair feel better for it.
“Not at all, Mrs. Stark. I found the walk quite refreshing, and the weather so mild I cannot bear to be too close to your great fire. Besides, I was sure Antonia would be up to no good without someone here to put a damper on her matchmaking. Who cried most when I wrote of extending my stay in London?” Steve asked, eyes glittering with humour.
The receptionist comes running forth with a man whose badge proclaims his as manager, indicating that at least they are beginning to step in the right direction. Tony firmly vows to himself to fuck Steve so fiercely and loudly in every room available to buy just to piss them off.
“I don’t think it’s any of your business.” Tony bites, words sharp, sees Maria flinch when they cut her.
myself to marry beneath me.” Fury rages in Antonia at his dismissive tone, “No. My hopes were all entirely for you. Led, in part, by the marked encouragement you gave me –“
“I do not know whether it ought to be so, but certainly silly things do cease to be silly if they are done by sensible people in an impudent way. Wickedness is always wickedness, but folly is not always folly. It depends on the character of those who handle it, Captain. Rogers. He is not a trifling, silly young man. If he were, he was have either florified in the achievement, or been ashamed of it. Either an ostentation or a coxcomb, or the evasions of a mind too weak to defend its own vanities. He’s not trifling nor silly.”
“In all seriousness though, what’s going on? You’ve got bags on bags on bags under your eyes.” Clint asks.
“I don’t think I’ve ever wanted someone like I want you.” Steve’s shocked by the words that fall out his mouth, and he thinks Tony is too, judging the look on the other man’s face. They aren’t a lie though, not even close, the words truthful and twisting his stomach in the way that only truth hurts.
“Yes. Sorry, yes.” She begins moving, begins pulling things into a small satchel with shaky fingers. “I need to let Jarvis know I won’t be making it to work.”
Virginia smiled weakly as he looked toward her, before the smile turned to a grimace once his back was turned. For the pose they had chosen, whilst best to show off Virginia’s lithe figure and milky skin, involved holding a vase
And, because she cannot help but ask, in a tone so weak and pitiful she hates herself, “Won’t you come too?” in phrase to Steven, looking at him for the first time properly since she stepped into the room.
“Ah yes.” Mr. Barton agrees, “The fault for my delayed appearance does lie with me but I confess that had I known I was to find such a pretty young woman in Miss Stark I would have maybe made sure to appear sooner. I’m afraid I don’t know the area at all, so I may yet require your delightful assistance.”
and as such, her arms trembled with it. Antonia caught her eyes and grinned, excitedly, for the compliments Mr. Hammer had just bestowed.
There she was welcomed, with the utmost delight, by her mother, as well as a man who had caused such emotion in her in one night. Her mother departed for bed quickly, safe and sound in the knowledge all her most beloved people were comfortable under one room, but Antonia could not sleep yet. Her mind was still roiling.
Miss Hill was clearly more spry than she looked, for she made it downstairs in quick time to swing the door open wide; and her visitors walked upstairs without having any regular narration to attend to, pursued only by the sounds of her desultory good-will.
“I think I’d rather dance with the aunt than the niece.” He muttered to her, not unkindly but certainly not pleasantly, yet Antonia could not help but giggle. Clint brought something out in her, a childishness which she couldn’t help but indulge.
“What an excellent idea!” he chirped, “Sheepskin to cover the seats in carriages in winter – impossible to feel cold with such precautions! How wonderfully cozy we all are.” He accompanied this with a shuffle, moving toward Antonia with a smile. Bruce caught Antonia’s eyes and smirked, shrugging ever so slightly much to her annoyance.
The next time they are not so lucky, and one of Clint’s arrows fail to deploy the rope that would swing him to safety, and so instead he falls ten storeys. According to the doctor, he was ‘lucky’ to only break a leg and fracture two ribs. They have to reset the leg in order for it to heal correctly, and hearing Clint’s screams Steve doesn’t quite understand where in this scenario they see the luck. He stands in solidarity alongside Natasha, whose face is pale and whose hands shake until he reaches out to grab a hold and squeeze.
“Oh, do go today. Do not defer it. And besides, I must give you a hint, Clint. You remember her from the Coulsons, when she was equal of everybody she mixed with, but here she is in reduced circumstances. It is indeed important you call early, to show respect..”
“Pepper, I will not pretend to be in doubt of your meaning. Your resolution, or rather expectation of never marrying, results from an idea that the person whom you might prefer would be too greatly your superior in situation to think of you. Is it not so?”
Howard regards him with something that burns too close to hatred to call, jealousy deep in his eyes, “You ungrateful, spoilt child.”
He can’t remember Rhodey finding him, sobbing endlessly caught on a silent scream. He only remembers coming to with vicious clarity, finding his phone with shaky fingers, typing in a number he wished he didn’t know.
“Hey sweetheart. I’m not going anywhere, I’m just going to go sleep on the couch. I’ll just be down the hall I promise.” Steve’s in the doorway, framed by the dawn filtering through the skylight. Tony has a brief moment of wondering whether he’s hallucinating an angel.
“I am so pleased you liked the pork” Antonia interjects, voice loud and startling, “We aim to take great care of our pigs here at Hartfield.”
In spite of all her faults, she had assumed that she was dear to him; so dear, in fact, that no other woman held more esteem in his eyes than she did, and she had believed this to be in due course of family affection until now. The idea of being like a
Her words seemed to have gone remiss, as Mr. Hammer stared out the windows before turning and looking at Antonia. He was so close Antonia could see the line of sweat beading his fat upper lip as it curled, “I don’t know when I have ever looked forward to an evening more. The modern days have indeed rendered carriages perfectly complete. One is so guarded from the weather, that not a breath of air can find its way without permittance. Weather becomes absolutely of no consequence – despite the snow that seems to be starting outside.”
Tony is, as ever, hard at work in his workshop, and when Steve steps in he walks right through a hologram spanning the length of the room. It’s his armour, split into each individual layer of thread with a number and description for each part. With a touch of Tony’s fingers, or a spoken word, each individual part zooms in or out to his will.
“I resent the implication.” He puts his hand to his chest, mock offended, “I’ll concede to take back my ‘universal’ statement, and instead apply it to this room. You can’t deny your work has got better since you got together with ‘The Agent’, Clint.”
) face blanched at Steven’s presence, watching him gulp and make his stumbled greetings whilst bowing low enough to kiss Antonia’s shoes.
The rhythm changes, abrupt and sudden, fast and thick. The change in angle means Steve hits deeper now, enough so that Tony thinks he can almost feel him on the back of his throat. And he knows, from the way sweat pools in the shadows of Steve’s arms, from the little grunts wrung from Steve every so often, that the angle has changed something for him too, made him feel Tony
And the admission, the question, floors Steve. It unmans him and leaves him destroyed. He was too busy hurting to realize that Tony was hurting too, carved out in the face of Steve’s silence. He rises up, letting the blanket fall a little, pushes himself out of his sweat-soaked sheets and stands on shaky legs. And he misses the way Tony’s eyes grow wide, misses him bite his top lip, leaving it flush.
The drive back is full of stolen touches and pressed kisses to knuckles, and conversations filled with laughter and jokes so light Tony feels like he’s on a cloud. When they arrive back at Stark Manor Tony can’t resist pressing a kiss to Steve’s mouth, and that kiss becomes two, three, four, before he’s astride Steve’s knees and pressing into him like he wants to crawl into his bones. It takes a while for them to disengage from each other, namely because every time they separate Tony leans back in to steal a kiss just because he can.
Steve cuts off his babble with a stroke against Tony’s thigh, “I know you can. You are so good for me Tony. Look at you, so good for me already. Tell me what you need.” And he didn’t think this would come that easy, didn’t think that the command he threaded through his tone would be so familiar and comforting.
.” And Steve’s powerless but to grunt in answer as he continues to pound into his lover. He can feel the silky hot grip of Tony around him, can feel the echoing sparks of how good Steve must feel to Tony thrum in his heart. The feedback is amplified between them, fed back and forth until it’s near fever pitch and
“On that Antonia, trust me if my father or mother was still alive, not even Cerberus could keep me away. I would rather answer to family than be my own master.” The words are spoken with feeling, and Antonia wants to pull her own back into her mouth.
yourself said there had been matches of great disparity – I should have not thought it possible. Yet you, who has always been acquainted with him –“
Mr. and Mrs. Banner, upon marrying, had quickly moved to London, for Mr. Banner’s line of work. A doctor by trade, Bruce Banner was a tall, gentlemen-like man not only highly intelligent, but also in the line of work that could afford to pay him well for his thoughts. Sometimes out of humour, he was not an ill-tempered man; but his temper was not his great perfection. He could sometimes act ungracious, or say a severe thing. As such, Elizabeth Banner paired him so perfectly it seemed faultless.
. He’s folded in Steve’s arms like a swooning dame, and something rears up in his brain about how he hates being fragile, being small. He doesn’t have time to ruminate on it long before Steve quietens the racing thoughts by bending to place a kiss on his brow, taking the stairs two at a time barely pausing for breath. Tony’s always been distinctly aware that his mark is strong, but to have the proof up close and personal is different entirely. It makes something dark in him crow, makes him absurdly proud that this is his. No one else’s.
He idly wonders whether this is how Tony felt when the tables were turned, and he can feel vomit rising to the back of his throat even
When he finally gets sweet and utter relief in the form of retreating back to MIT, he tells himself he’s excited to see Rhodey. He tells himself it’s unlikely a letter will have made it to him already, and that he should not get his hopes up.
Any other time, Antonia may have watched the exchange with amusement, but she was far too much astonished by Mr. Hammer’s spirits, Virginia forgotten in the expectation of a pleasant party.
He curses under his breath, cheeks filling with colour. He goes to raise a hand to drag across his face, but finds it weighted down.
be serious." Tony barks, ignoring Steve's soothing hand on the small of his back like a brand, "I have had a difficult day, quite frankly awful, and all I want is to relax with a hot espresso, my hotter companion, and go to bed. So, with all due respect, you need to give me a straight answer as to why you won't give me my key card so I can be on my way."
“Don’t be stupid Steve, you can’t go around trying to save everyone because you have a chip on your shoulder.” Tony bit out, and Steve wants to raise the anger to retort, but God he just feels so
They walk shoulder to shoulder in the crisp air of a July evening, or at least as close as Steve’s height will grant them to it. He’s never more aware of how frail he is than when he’s walking in Bucky’s shadow, the dark eating up his skinny build and hiding him from the sun.
I'm so sorry this has been a long time coming - I couldn't seem to write Clint for the life of me. But we have a ball coming! Our first one - how exciting.
Antonia enjoyed this subject, so well, in fact, that she began upon it once more to Mrs. Marvel, soon after they move into the drawing room. “The first meeting must be rather alarming, though how exciting, to meet someone you husband is so fond of.”
“Yes – oh – yes!” he replied, “I was going to mention it. A very successful visit, I saw all the family and felt much obliged for your preparatory, if in jest, hint. If the talking aunt had taken me by surprise, it could have been the death of me. Ten minutes would have been all that was necessary, perhaps all that was proper. Yet I was not able to get away for at least an hour or two. The good lady gave me no chance of escape.” The pair giggle, forward into each others space.
He keeps telling himself that as his phone lights up every other minute with Steve’s Caller ID flashing across the screen.
The unfortunate part of the advanced healing is that, well, no one knows how it works. There are no men like him who he can ask, or case studies he can read over. He is the original, the one and only and unfortunately the one S.H.I.E.L.D. test endlessly to see how far they can push the bar. So it’s practically impossible to know what hit will kill him – and one day it
This is a shockingly long note already, but I want to say thank you AGAIN to everyone who stuck with this and even those who didn't. It's been something I've thought of deleting every time I see it, or even orphaning it, because of how I never finished it. I'm glad I stuck it through, and I hope you are too.
Tony’s eventually calm again, though it takes him a moment or two to gather enough to ask, “Was it really that bad?”
The worst part is that he seems to believe that the rest of his team are indispensable, with the exclusion of himself.
“You have done remarkably well, Miss. Stark,” said he; “You have made her a graceful beauty whilst teaching her much of custom and etiquette. She was a beautiful creature when she came to you, but the additions you have added are infinitely more superior.”
Tony’s wrist deep in wiring and blueprints when a thick letter arrives. It’s heavy, backed with cardboard to prevent it bending. When he turns it upside down the first thing to flutter out onto the floor is the ripped page of a notebook.
Tony slowly places a hand on Steve’s bare thigh, tracing featherlike circles across the bare expanse of skin, “Thanks sweetheart, you are doing so well. Can you take some deep breaths for me?” he turns so he faces Steve more, uses his other hand to gently clasp Steve’s right. He gradually brings their joined hands up to his chest, so that Steve can feel the soft inhale-exhale of his lover’s chest. “Try breathe in tandem with me, Steve.”
Tony attends dinner parties, soirées, social gatherings. He laughs mechanically when required, woodenly smiles at Ty when desired, charm sliding off him like butter off a knife. He’s just going through the motions, like a puppet on strings, feels Howard’s stare like a brand on his back. He reaches for Steve in his mind, feels the echolocation ping off against his intended. Feels his love and sadness jostle for purchase against him, lets it soak in. He turns and stares Howard down, lets his eyes burn until Howard turns away first, discombobulated. Their relationship has gone through a paradigm shift, has split and shaken. Tony no longer cares one jot for the approval of a man who means nothing to him.
Steven stood up as she entered the drawing room, eyes raking over her form and frowning when he noticed her tremble. He stepped forward into her space, and instead of flinching as she did when Mr. Hammer did the same thing, she welcomed it.
“Have I told you the story of Rhodey’s birthday party last year?” Tony asks, and Steve sleepily nods, pulls Tony closer to him until his face nestled in the crook of Steve’s neck, legs tangled together. He wraps an arm around Tony’s back and Tony feels lit up from the inside. “Well,” he continues, smile beatific across his face, “it starts with an absolutely gigantic airplane shaped cake, and me being overconfident in my ability to uncork a champagne bottle with a sword.”
“I am sorry, to hear now, that you have misunderstood me. I know we agreed never to name him – but considering how infinitely superior he is to any other person, I did not think it possible it could mean anyone else. Clint Barton, indeed! I do not know how anyone could look upon him in the company of the other, so utterly shrouded by his brilliance. And thinking that you knew of my attachment and approved and encouraged it – I should have known it was far too great a presumption, to dare think of him. But
“Pepper – oh poor, poor Pepper!” Those were the words Antonia could not get her voice past; those were the words that lay the torment she could not get rid of, the real misery of this whole sorry business. Clint Barton, well, he had behaved ill by herself – but it was not so much
“Pepper your allowing yourself to be so occupied and so unhappy about Mr. Hammer’s is the strongest reproach you can make me. You could not give me a greater reproof for the mistake I fell into. It was all my doing, I have not forgotten it, I assure you. Deceived myself, and deceive you in the process – it will be painful for me forever to have done this. Do not imagine me in danger of forgetting it.”
And that takes the wind out of Steve’s sails as quick as it began, “I’m sorry to hear that Mr Stark.” His voice goes soft.
“Mrs. May does not mean to dance, but there is a young lady disengaged whom I should be very glad to see dancing – Miss Potts.” Mrs. Marvel replied.
After leaving Natasha, Steve sits in the kitchen for a while, watching the sun slowly reach up into the sky, and thinks to himself.
“Would you be so kind,” said she, “when I am missed, as to say that I am gone home? I am going this moment – my aunt is not aware how late it is, nor how long we have been absent – but I am sure we shall be wanted, and I am determined to go directly. I have said nothing about it to anybody, do not want to cause distress. Till they all come in I shall not be missed and when they do, can you tell them I am gone?”
Once Mrs. Stark has departed, Steven turns to Antonia with a most becoming grin, “No Miss Potts today, looking fetching amongst the roses?” Antonia rolls her eyes and makes for the house, “No, no I am not teasing you. Miss Potts is a pretty thing, and I am inclined to give you a compliment and say she seems much improved. Improved due to your influence.”
of December, when normally she was the hostess, never the guest) had been spent by Virginia at Hartfield, and she had gone home so much indisposed with a cold, but for her own earnest wish of being nursed by Mrs. May, Antonia could not have allowed her to leave the house.
“Oh god Tony I’m so sorry.” Steve voice breaks over the apology, raw from screaming, “I’ll pay for the damages. I can’t“. Steve doesn’t know how to finish and falls to his knees. Tony darts forward, hands out to grab him, but only clawing at thin air before he lowers them to his sides.
He gets his mouth of Tony’s for a quick second, desperately trying to ignore the choked off moan he’s given in return. “Bedroom.” A dark rumble he takes a moment to realise
There’s a moment before the IED explodes that the hairs stand up on the back of his neck, and he throws Bucky back with a force he didn’t know he possessed. He barely gets a moment between serenity and chaos to think
Compliments, charades and horrible blunders; and it was not to be supposed that poor Pepper should not be recollecting too. Yet Pepper held herself well, strong and poised, fiery hair elegant and porcelain skin pure. Antonia never valued her friend more highly than in this moment, the picture of serenity when she was sure her mind could be nothing but, and she hastened to make the visit short.
In general, their evenings were far less engaged with friends than their morning, but there was one dinner engagement they could not hope to decline.
Steven’s mouth twists something fierce, an emotion Antonia cannot name flitting across his face, and Antonia continues, “Even if he has nothing else to recommend him than being well-grown and good looking, he will be a treasure at Highbury. We do not often see fine young men, well-bred and agreeable. Mr. Hammer is proof of that.”
“Nor did I!” says Miss Hill, voice timid still in a way quite unlike the woman, “Just yesterday morning she spoke about wanting to stay for the whole summer, but by the evening she was decided. I will not know what to do without her. She will look after Mrs Smallridge’s three little girls, and the salary is… more than generous.”
“Just checking your temperature.” Steve reassures him, leader mentality firmly in place, “So Loki sent them?”
Mr. Rogers looked apologetically at Pepper for a moment, and Antonia could not make heads or tails of it before the door was thrown open once more, and Miss Hill and Miss Romanov walked into the room. Full of thanks, and full of news, Miss Hill unsure which to give quickest. Antonia soon saw that Steve had lost his moment, and not another syllable of communication could rest with him in the face of Miss Hill’s excited onslaught.
“Thank you Natasha.” He murmurs, truly grateful for the Russian being there. The anger and guilt that was threatening to consume him when he came downstairs has dissipated, all the aggression channelled into their sparring session.
Tony clearly feels the shift in his emotions, rakes his hands through Steve’s hair gently, forcing Steve to tip his face up to look into Tony’s inquisitive eyes.
Clint Barton came back again, with his hair cut, and laughed at himself with a very good grace, without really seeming ashamed of what he had done. He had no reason to wish his hair longer, to conceal any confusion of face; no reason to wish the money unspent, to improve his spirits. He was quite undaunted and as lively as ever; and, after seeing him, Antonia thus moralized herself –
Tony cries out with a bitten off curse. Steve grins up at him, smug and indulgent, before taking Tony deep into his throat. It’s rough at first, he has to bite back the urge to gag. Tony isn’t as large as him, but it’s still a weight he feels on his tongue and it’s been a while since Steve’s done this. He never trusted Brock, the man too focused on his own pleasure to care whether he suffocated Steve in chasing it.
“Capital idea! Miss Hill is certainly someone predisposed to always be happy, and Natasha can be one of our principal dancers.” Mr Marvel agreed as Clint stepped back to Antonia, taking her hand in his.
The quinjet cruises through the sky silently, and Steve stares through the windows at the beautiful sight of New York set alight. Behind him sit a genius encased in a metal moving suit, a demi-god who wields lightning like he would a knife, and the smartest man he’s ever met whose alter ego could kill him in fell swoop but instead has his back in every fight.
"Steve’s vaulting over rubble and debris without even thinking twice, shouting and swearing down the comm for medical. He doesn’t even care if the other monsters have submitted, doesn’t have anything else in his sight but the dust falling in front of him and his heart sings Tony, Tony, Tony."
Steve’s chest bursts into raw pride when, instead of retreating upon even the slightest mention to the steel that graces Bucky’s left side, he grins and shrugs, “Let’s just say I’m distracted by how foxy my woman is when she’s working.”
Steven took his seat, finally reclaimed from Clint Barton’s affections, beside Antonia, sitting sentry. She was as joyful as ever, a ball of leashed energy and affection, eyes alight. Unfortunately, Clint Barton sat on the other side, and whispered into Antonia’s ears every second moment, a move intimate that set Steven’s teeth to grinding so loud he was surprised the room could not hear it. The rest of the party got comfortable, pulling out a game of letters.
Tony had never thought he would hate the fact he was born with unmarred, unscarred skin. He used to wear it like a badge of honour.
“I said I don’t want to talk about it. Get to work everyone.” He barks, and the room goes silent. Steve doesn’t often dictate, happy to let his team work miracles in the free rein he gives them. He strides past them and steps into his office, swinging the door shut behind him and falls into his chair with a groan.
She should have done better, for nothing but reaching forward and shaking Miss Hill out of the words that dripped from her mouth with abandon would stop her once she was in motion.
“I don’t know what you mean, Mr Stark.” And it should not be that hot, to hear his name spoken in choirboy tones whilst Steve’s knuckles are buried in his ass, but apparently Tony is learning something new about himself tonight whilst being thoroughly debauched by the love of his life.
Natasha was immediately up, alert and proving as ready as her aunt had suggested. With her up and ready to make haste, so too did the others join and move, causing her an inability to be away as quick as she hoped. She afterwards was looking for her shawl – Clint Barton looking also – it was growing dusk, and the room was in confusion; and how they parted Captain Rogers could not tell.
Once the interrogation was over, Maria gratefully observed, “Steve it is so very kind of you to come out to call upon us fresh from your journey. You must be so very fatigued.”
“Indeed you did. I remember it perfectly. You mentioned it as what was certainly to be very soon. Mrs. Odinson had told somebody, extremely happy about it. It was owing to her effort, worried about him being out in thunderstorms and what harm it could cause. Surely you remember it now?”
Antonia could do little else but reach forward in a kiss achingly tender. She catches his lips, once, twice, teeth clashing as they both cannot stop smiling. “I find, I do not know what to think.” She says, before he grins, wide and ecstatic, and reels her in by her jaw to mark her lips with his once more.
“Had you any idea,” Pepper asked softly, “of his being in love with her? It is clear now, unbelievably so, to the point I do not understand how it was not obvious to me.”
“I must not hope to be ever situated as you are, in the midst of every dearest connection, and therefore I cannot expect that simply growing older should make me indifferent about letters. Certainly letters of friendship.”
“Pep,” Stark speaks for the first time since awkward introductions, “do you mind leaving us a minute?"
“What is it, my dear friend? Something of an unpleasant nature has obviously occurred – let me know directly what it is. I have been walking all along in suspense, and you know how I abhor surprises, particularly those that are unpleasant.”
” Tony hisses into Steve’s mouth, and Steve lets loose a grin, sinful and dark, before walking them to where Tony directs. Tony’s weight is delicious, heavy enough to feel, but light enough to allow Steve an idle swipe of his thighs with one hand. “You are going to be the death of me.”
There’s a Chevy burning rubber down the road to them, driver wearing his military issue cap low across his head. As it rumbles ever closer Tony can feel his heart uptick in response, feels his feet moving without needing told towards the car as it pulls up and cuts the engine. The driver steps out, and it feels like a piece of deja vu, feels like when Tony first caught his gaze on him. But now he’s here, and he’s not going away, and they are going to be together. His heart sings, free and beautiful and so happy he could burst with it.
When he’d imagined his first time with Tony, he hadn’t expected much. He’d expected awkwardness and perhaps a bit of unease from both of them. He had never expected how comfortable he’d feel, how they’d both feel, how it’d feel as easy as breathing, as natural as everything else that has come to pass between them.
“I am away to London.” Steven speaks soft as though not to spook her, but awkward. It hangs on them both now, the last words that were exchanged, between the two, “Do you have anything you wish me to take?”
“What an inference! He wishes exceedingly to come, his letters speak at length of his desire; but his uncle and aunt will not spare him.”
Tiberius is cynical and witty and hates everyone. Tony likes him instantly, enjoys his hatred for what it is, honesty (and how he’ll laugh in years to come for ever thinking Ty honest). He smiles at Tiberius, a small and perilous thing barely deserving of the name, and Tiberius doesn’t call him out on it. In that instant, they are friends, if for a time. Two products of broken upbringings uniting in misery for as long as their leashes will allow them.
And the way he spoke once he knew the tables were turned! The filth that began to pour from his mouth! It didn’t bear speaking of. Even thinking of it turned her stomach. She couldn’t tell Steven, not of exactly what he had said. She couldn’t risk his friendship and she couldn’t risk the conversation that it would probably warrant. She wouldn’t.
So he presses a kiss to Tony’s forehead, cleans him up gently as Tony mewls and leans into the feeling in his sleep, and shrugs into his clothes thrown across the floor.
“After that, you can have all the minutes you want. Jesus.” Tony’s voice is hazy and indulgent, and Steve feels a hand thread through his sweat slicked hair, strokes soft and slow. He lets out a rumble close to a purr, before shaking himself and pulling out slow enough they both whine with the renewed sensation.
Tony doesn’t though, and flies towards him whilst screaming “STEVE MOVE!” down the comm and before Steve can even breathe he is pushed aside and Tony’s flung into the ground fifty feet away from him, making the ground shake until to Steve’s horror the building he thudded into gives way with a groan.
The officer who meets them on the ground is tall, swallows up the sun, speaks loudly to be heard over the helicopter’s blades as they wind down. “Mr Stark, Ms Rogers, with me.”
Antonia sighed as Captain Rogers let go of her hand, proceeding to walk along the gardens with him not a step behind her, “I must put the record straight. You are mistaken if you think I am wounded.” Steven starts to protest at this, to turn, “No. Honestly.” Antonia presses on, determined.
He doesn’t offer them platitudes, doesn’t try to ease their anxiety, and Tony’s absurdly thankful. He thinks in this moment he’ll bite the head off anyone who steps too close, anyone who speaks of Steve like another number, another casualty to war.
Steve’s helpless to do anything but note. He idly sees Clint and Nat peering round their desks in the background, watching the mess spill out in all its glory.
“Steve,” Clint says, voice sombre, “you so do. It’s been years I swear. Let us set you up with someone.”
Steven’s eyes are serious now, wrinkles at the corners crinkling in consternation. He turns to set his glass down, before turning back and fixing her with a gaze so earnest she feels her cheeks flame.
Steve pulls back, eyes watery and impossibly fond, “Truly?” he says, quiet and just for them. Tony can hear clapping and shocked laughter from behind him, but he doesn’t care, his eyes and arms are full with the man he loves. The man he gets to love forever, loudly and proudly for all to see.
“She’s everywhere I go, guest of honor! Droning on about her sister’s new barouche or her dresses and finery. She thinks we are some sort of medieval group of cavemen who had never seen grace and manners in our life! She had the cheek to say maybe it was a
If Antonia thinks hard, she remembers Steven’s first arrival at Hartfield, under the wing of his mother. She remembers very little of Sarah Rogers, aside from being awestruck by her beauty. She had been a small woman with such delicate and pale features you wondered whether they had been carved in marble. Yet they did little to hide the humour ever present in her eyes, or the ferocious love she had for her son that came first miles before anything else.
“I do.” Virginia starts, but the tone becomes questioning in the face of Antonia’s incredulity, “I don’t? I do. Oh Antonia please help me.”
“Don’t worry about it.” He tries to inject aloofness into his voice, but even he can hear it fall flat and break.
to understand Tony.” Natasha’s voice is dry and Clint grins at the look of slight horror on Tony’s face.
Howard’s words are aggressive, hitting Tony’s skin like bullets. He can feel Steve at the end of their tether, can feel his urgency. He thinks idly that he’s making his way to Tony, panics. This isn’t fair, they are not ready. This is his. The world gave him this, gave him Steve, told him that he’s the most important piece of his puzzle. He will lay waste to those that want to take it from him.
Natasha had not been gone a quarter of an hour, when Clint Barton entered the room. Antonia had forgotten to think of him – but indeed they had been right to name his relative as the cause. He had been detained by her nervous seizure, but had he known how hot a ride he should have and how late, he believed he should not have come at all. Nothing killed him like heat he said, he could bear cold or wind or rain but heat was intolerable. He sat down loudly, at the greatest possible distance from the slight remains of Mrs. Stark’s fire, looking very deplorable.
“Yes!” – said she, “Even Mrs. Stark has been persuaded to it. But… you will not want to go, Mr. Hammer, with Virginia so very ill?”
“What are you doing here?” Tony asks when he remembers how oxygen works, remembers how words feel on his tongue. It’s not a harsh question. He thought Steve was on assignment, he’d spoken to him on a satellite phone mere days ago, signal patchy and only catching one in every three words as Saharan wind swallowed the rest. It was an awful, shitty routine once a week that served as nothing more than a chance to reaffirm their love for one another. Tony wouldn’t trade it for anything, schedule always completely shut off for an hour before and an hour after the time he got to steal from Steve’s other love, freedom.
Steve? Did someone freeze you by accident? It's Tony Stark! I've got to take a photo, otherwise the guys at work will never believe it. He's much hotter in person, don't you think?"
The air becomes thick, and Steve stops the massage of Tony’s shoulder, coming round to kneel by his legs with a fluid grace. “Hmm - you phoned an escort service, I imagine. You can afford the best and you wanted someone who would look simply stunning on your arm. You would have specified taller than you, well built, cause you like someone who looks like they can take you apart and bend you in half. They’d have been a bit surprised, the service is used to weak men who want someone breakable so they feel stronger. Not you, you like someone powerful to hold you down with one hand and make you take it. I was perfect.”
He stands up and looks past Tony to see Clint blocking’s the light in the doorway, phone clicking away with what Steve is sure to be clogging the teams WhatsApp feed in about two seconds. In fact, as Clint lowers his phone he thinks he can see Clint attaching every incriminating one to a message to everyone without even having to look down. If it was for anyone else but him, he’d even go as far to say that’s impressive.
“You are right. It does relate to him, and I will tell you directly. He has been here this very morning on a most extraordinary errand. He announced an attachment-“
It’s some indeterminable amount of time later, that Tony comes back into himself like he’s just had the most incredible bout of lucid dreaming. Steve’s collapsed on top of him, the steady inhale-exhale of his chest the only beat Tony ever cares about, only song he’d listen to for the rest of his life.
“I see no probability in it, unless you have a better foundation than what you mention. His good nature and human kindness would be enough to account for the carriage. He holds a great regard for Miss Hill, independent of Natasha Romanov. But Miss Romanov the mistress of Donwell! –“ the very thought caused Antonia to feel ill.
They arrived both in a time that both felt too fast and too slow, and Antonia felt out of sorts when Steve opened the carriage door for them both, offering out his hand to help her down the steps. Antonia idly noted just how much his fingers enveloped her own, and despite them being gloved she could almost feel the calluses beneath that she’d committed to memory.
“Yes, true indeed.” Spoke the aunt, though Natasha had not uttered a word, “It is time for us to be going with the evening closing in. We must wish you a good night.”
“Oh, ah, no, no thank you Mr. Hammer, I am quite comfortable for now.” She elbows Steven subtly, for she can practically
” Tony pants from the doorway, chest bare and pajama pants barely clinging to his waist, skimming his hips with the barest hint of immodesty, “Are. Are you okay?”
“What?” Is all Steve can answer before Tony darts round the desk with speed, landing in Steve’s lap. He reaches out with his hands to steady him, and is rewarded with a handful of
"Uhm." the receptionist sweats now, beads of it rolling down his face, "uhm, I don't think I have a reservation under that name."
He thrusts slowly at first, pulling out almost completely before pushing back in with a wicked slide. But they both know the only place this can lead to, Steve feels the orgasm build behind his eyelids lazily, and from Tony’s groans he surmises the man can’t be far behind. So he slides a hand down Tony’s right calf, turning to press a kiss to it, before pulling it up to his shoulder. The angle changes something, and the next thrust has Tony crying out loud enough that Steve would blush if Tony had neighbors to embarrass.
Her mother looks saddened, and Antonia goes to quickly turn away before she is spotted. One raw conversation is enough for a day, she feels.
Steve chokes off a moan and arcs into the touch, feels lust spark across his vision like fingers skating across guitar strings.
Tony growls at this suggestion and chases that smirk down, grabbing hold of the lapels of Steve’s jacket and dragging him into a kiss so dirty he can vaguely hear Clint hollering at them to get a room.
“You and Miss Coulson are like sisters, almost?” Antonia turns now, smile wide, attempting to engage the quiet Miss Romanov into the conversation about her. Natasha nods and begins to speak before Miss Hill powers on.
To Antonia’s horror, upon opening this parcel not only did it contain a gift from Mr. Rhodes two sisters (who adored the ground Virginia walked upon) but also a letter from Mr. Rhodes. A letter that was a proposal of marriage!
“Who is trying to seduce who?” Natasha has somehow slipped into the room whilst Steve and Clint were holding conversation without them realising, and at this point Steve isn’t even surprised – the woman is all grace and poise and stealth.
Antonia gasped, and Maria looked on at them both with fond affection, “Oh I am sure of who you must have in your head for that notion – since
“But he speaks so highly of her. The interest he takes in her – his anxiety about her health. I have heard him speak – and so must you – of how well he finds her. He is an admirer of her skill with the pianoforte.” Even now, as these words found Antonia horrified, Natasha Romanov was sat at the keys of the Cages own piano, playing to entertain whilst Clint turned the sheets. Antonia watched Steve gazing on with a feeling akin to terror. “Mrs. Cage and I believe the pianoforte may even have come from him, rather than the Mr. Murdock we believe. He is just the person to do it, even if not for love.”
“We want only two more to be the right number. I should like to see two more here at Randall’s – your lovely friend, Miss Potts; and my nephew – and then we are complete. I don’t believe you heard me telling the others in the drawing room that we are expecting Clint. I had a letter from him this morning and we are to expect him within the fortnight.”
“Captain Rogers has taken pity on poor little Miss Potts! There is room for charity everywhere, I declare.”
“Come on, Maria.” Tony says, the words bouncing off the now empty room. The movers have long been and gone, disassembling every shred of evidence that Maria and Anthony Stark were ever here. Jarvis stands, every patient sentry, behind them.
Steve’s always had a gift for cocksucking. His enhanced ability to hold his breath, to breathe through his nose calmly and quickly, means he often has Tony a babbling mess before either of them can think. He’s slower now, let’s the weight of Tony’s cock sit on his tongue a minute, swirls his tongue around the head and down the slit that has Tony fisting his dirty blonde hair. He continues in a lazy and wicked rhythm until Tony’s near mad with it, before pulling off with a grin. Tony tracks the saliva strand that connects Steve’s puffed, red lips to his cock and feels a surge of red lust bolt down his spine.
Certainly, she had thought his manners unnecessarily full of syrup and gallantry. There was being a gentleman, and then there was a façade that went no further than the surface. She had given him the benefit of the doubt, and had assumed that it was merely proof that he had not always lived in the best society, that true elegance was sometimes wanting.
In that moment, Steve doesn’t see Tony as a genius or a billionaire or a playboy or a philanthropist because the Tony before him is just a man.
The kiss that follows is less sharp, slow and easy and there is too much teeth still cause neither of them can stop smiling. Steve can’t bring himself to care. He gets
in love with him in return, in spite of her previous determination against the fact. The only cause for the sensation of listlessness, weariness, stupidity, this inability to sit down and do anything. This feeling that everything around the house is dull and insipid. It could not be anything but!
So they are fighting very strange animals that according to Thor are jorgenheim’s but to Steve look like massive eagles with four legs and scales in the middle of Queens. Steve’s letting the shield fly at every creature that so much as moves towards him whilst barking orders down the comm and feels so
“T,” Steve’s voice is so warm and fond and gorgeous, even when filled with sadness, “I’m heading back out tomorrow, but I hope to be stateside again in a month or two. Write to me?”
