Cas didn’t answer, he didn’t want to think about Dean but he had been the one thing on his mind since this whole thing started. Every fibre of his body hurt with the thought that Dean didn’t love him anymore. He wondered what it was he’d done wrong, or maybe it was just everything he did that was wrong. Maybe Dean had just found someone better than him. Either way his soul mate didn’t feel the same way and Cas was so very alone again.
“I want to put this behind us Dean. We don’t need to renew our vows because neither of us broke them. We made mistakes, they’re in the past. I love you Dean and if there’s one thing this past year has taught me is that time is precious. Let’s not waste a second.”
Cas sighed and looked up at the ceiling. “Look, can you please drop it. I’m too tired right now and I just want to rest.”
“Yes, I did, but I promised Gabriel I would never try to kill myself again, so I left it up to God to decide.”
“You’re a cripple Cas! You still struggle on the stairs! You used to run marathons and now I have to carry you around when you get tired.”
“Right ok, let’s get a plan in place, extend the radius to 5 miles to be safe, make a list of people he knows, places he might go… what would you do if you were in his shoes.
“Castiel. I need you to tell me the truth now.” Dean said seriously. “Did someone at O’Malley’s have sex with you against your will, without your consent?”
Sam was all but ready to tear his older brother a new one the next morning. This situation was ridiculous.
Dean probably didn’t even want to marry him. He’d been self-absorbed to think so. Dean had probably just proposed to make Cas happy. Dean did things like that a lot, putting others before himself. He didn’t think he mattered, no matter how hard Cas had tried to change that.
“Look, Cas, I know this has been hard on you recently, but things are going to get better now I promise. I came with news.”
“I know, so am I.” Dean sighed, brushing strands of Cas’ hair out of his face tenderly. “I’m so sorry I made you feel like that, I’m so sorry that you were scared to tell me what happened, but Cas if you had just told me, I wouldn’t have been angry, not at you anyway only at them. I’d have been there for you Cas.” Tears were now tracking down Dean’s cheeks and Cas lifted a finger to wipe them away. He hated hurting Dean. “I want to be there for you. I love you.”
“Put your oxygen back in please.” And then jerked himself, realising how much like their mother he sounded.
“What can you tell me?” Sam tried. ‘Damn lawyers’ Gabriel growled to himself, but he couldn’t deny he like Sam and he knew he cared about Cas, even if his brother was a douchebag.
“Yeah, well actually I know someone who owes me a big favour, so let’s not worry about that. We’ll sort this Dean.”
Very short chapter I know, but I'm trying to do shorter chapters for this fic rather than 10,000+ extravaganzas like I'm used to.
“I can’t remember the last time I was ok Dean." Cas admitted sadly. "Between my parents, coming out, my accident and then this… I think you’re right, I haven’t been ok since I was a child and you, you are the light in my life, enough for me to feel like all my problems were solved, but really they are were just buried. They were always there even when I thought I was fine and the moment I lost you I lost my reason to live.”
“I love that idea Cas, I really do, but I don’t want you to put a deadline on your recovery, this isn’t something you should feel pressured to do.” Dean warned.
Gabe was on food run when his phone rang. If Cas had to stay in hospital for the foreseeable furture then he was sure as hell going to make sure his brother was well fed.
“Damn it I wanted to get you home.” Gabriel said, pushing a strand of hair back off his brother’s forehead fondly.
“Mr. Novak. I heard from the nurses you were awake and in distress?” The doctor walked in a few minutes later and asked concernedly.
“Guy’s please this isn’t helping us find Cas. If it’s anyone’s fault its mine! I should have taken him straight to the hospital, then none of this would ever have happened.”
“I need you to say it Cas.” Dean demanded as he breathed warm air over Cas’ blue hands and gently rubbed them, before returning to rub his chest.
“Gabriel, get off… No.” It was now Cas’ turn to have his phone snatched away as the two elder brothers were thrown into conversation.
Dean looked shocked and hurt in equal measure. “Cas, if were to tell you right now that I cheated on you, that I loved someone else, you would honestly consider staying with me?”
Cas’ shoulders shrunk a little and all the anger bled out of his tone. “I’m getting better. I don’t mean to be a burden.” He spoke quietly, his voice broken, and he doubted Dean had even heard him.
“Ok, I’ve got you.” She said as they slowly made their way to her car. She sat for a moment in the front seat. She’d been called here to the scene of a disturbance, she needed to call this in, but this was Cas… Protocol would dictate she call an ambulance to the scene, get forensics…
“Forgive you?” He said sternly. Cas shivered, and Dean huffed shaking his head. “Was I not good enough Cas?” He said coldly. “Was I not understanding and sympathetic and endlessly patient?”
Dean sat in the car, engine running, his hands clenching on the steering wheel. He watched the emotions run across first his brother’s face and then Gabriel’s as they filled in by Jody.
But when he arrived home, Cas wasn’t there. It was lunchtime, he should have finished his shift at the gas and sip. Of course, he’s have gone back to bed. Dean smiled as he opened the fridge and saw his lunch was there, readymade, just like every day. He sat down to eat. Cas would be exhausted at the end of a long week, he could wait till he woke up to share the news.
“I agree Cas, I'm not going to keep things from you, but just know that if you don’t want to talk about it, you don’t have to.”
“I’m going to ring Bobby, see about that phone trace and then I’ll ring the station, see if my APB brought up anything.”
“What? Cas you’re dying?” Dean’s face turned a deathly shade of white. He had known things were bad, by the look on Gabriel and Balthazar’s faces, by the sunken eye sockets and masses of weight his husband had lost but he couldn’t be dying. He couldn’t
“The thought of other people… it makes me feel sick.” Cas admitted, and Dean loosened took another step back. “But not you!” He added quickly, reaching out and holding Dean’s wrist to stop him pulling away. “I feel safe with you. I’m not sure I’m comfortable with everything, I don’t like it when I can’t see you and when you hold me too tight I…”
“I never told anyone. I’m deeply ashamed about it. I never considered how much it would hurt Gabriel, it was incredibly selfish.” Dean cringed about how clinically Cas talked about it, if anything he sounded angry at himself.
“Hi Chuck, its Cas, I need to talk to Dean if he’s about.” Chuck was one of the new desk hands, who was helping take the load off Dean as manager.
That accusation hurt Dean more than anything had hurt him before. “You know that’s not what I’m saying!” Dean roared. “How can you even suggest that of me?”
His love had been raped. He’d been broken and desperate and he had come home for help, to the one person who should have understood and cared for him and Dean had told him… he’d told him he was disgusting.
Jack and Claire, a brother and sister orphaned in a house fire a few years ago, now lived with them. It had taken them a while to adjust, Claire especially, but they were both sweet kids and their family finally felt complete. Now Dean pretty much was a stay at home Dad, still dabbling at the garage every now and then. Cas only worked part time now, he loved his job and Dean knew he needed something to keep that big brain occupied, but he also wanted to be at home with his Husband and kids as much as possible. They didn’t need the money anyway, the business brought in enough for them to be comfortable, but that didn’t mean they took it for granted.
“Cassie, you have to take better care of yourself.” Gabriel fussed, caressing the side of his brother’s face. “You’ve been out nearly four hours. The doctors were worried sick.”
The first few weeks were tough. Very tough. Dean suddenly realised how much he’d taken on and he was overwhelmed. The first few days he got home at 9pm, dinner on the table and a doting husband easing away all the struggles. Every day Dean went to bed exhausted and woke up to fully balanced accounts and an empty space in the bed as Cas had already left for work.
“Yes, yes you are Dean. All it would have taken is a phone call to me saying, I’m working late at the moment, would someone keep an eye on my self-neglecting husband and make sure he doesn’t let himself waste away.”
Dean took a deep breath. “Cas, please tell me it isn’t what I’m thinking right now… please tell me you didn’t go out last night and… sleep with some random stranger.”
Cas looked over the spreadsheet again. He and Dean had agreed on the accountant’s salary, but looking at the books, the accountant was being payed $200 a month more than he’d suggested to Dean.
It didn’t last for long. Dean pulled away when he felt Cas start struggling for air in his weakened state and thumbed his cheekbone fondly. Cas pressed another kiss to the tip of Dean’s nose and then turned his head to the door.
“Yes, I don’t really deal with divorce, I’m inexperienced. I tend to handle domestic abuse and custody battles.”
“I’m sorry that Money is going to be tight for a while.” Dean purred, stroking Cas’ hair as he flicked through the documents.
Cas was earning $7500 a month and Dean’s new manager’s salary was giving them $6700 and the business profits where coming to around $18G. They were bringing in $32 K a month but they had been coming up $80 short every month since they’d hired the new guys. The mortgage was huge. He’d surprised they’d even been granted to it, but the business figures seemed to have done the trick, even if they were rather overestimated.
Cas sighed. “I’m just tired guys. There’s nothing to worry about. I might have forgotten a few meals because I was rushed…”
Dean’s face darkened at the last three words and he started to assess the situation. Forgive him, what on earth for? He took in Cas’ dishevelled appearance, the way his coat was torn, his hair ruffled and his voice more gravelly than usual. There were bags under his slightly blood shot eyes and the tell-tale bruise of a hickey just showing above his collar. His stomach lurched painfully. They’d had an argument and Cas had been gone all night. Cas smelt of booze and smoke and… sex; he had hickeys on his neck and had turned up early in the morning begging for forgiveness. As Dean added up the pieces his heart broke. More accurately it shattered. Cas had cheated on him. Not only that but after everything he’d gone out and given his virginity to some stranger.
Cas didn’t answer, he just marched painfully out of the door, not even remembering to pick up his coat.
“Right, well I’ll call you back when I’ve talked to Dean and made some sense of it all.” Sam offered.
He then looked into their so-called accountant. He CV was certainly impressive, but when he dug a little he realised that this guy was a fraud. All relatives were dead for a start, apart from a sister in prison for larceny. So, no sick Grandma. And although he’d started studying accounting he’d dropped out.
“If you want me to be here, I’ll be here Cas. If you need me to leave, I’ll do that too and if you at any point feel you need to stop, we’ll stop. Ok? You’re in control, you just need to talk to us.”
After their conversation, some pancakes and a nap, Cas was feeling better and more ready to face the day. Dean let him know that Jody was planning to visit them after her shift which made Cas cheer up no end.
“Anna.” Sam smiled. “As you can see my brother and brother in law have been having some communication issues of late. Would you mind explaining to me what happened again in full?”
Jody sighed and calmly talked Cas through breathing. He needed to calm down and that wasn’t going to happen if she took him home to Dean in this state. Cas couldn’t think straight with that drug still in his system and when faced with the news that the love of his life had been… raped, Dean would be Dean, which meant over-reacting, getting angry and threatening vengeance on the perpetrators. That was the last thing Cas needed right now. That only left one option.
“You think Dean is cheating on you.” Gabriel repeated suddenly, resisting the urge to bang his head on the steering wheel. Why on Earth would his little brother think that? Those two were inseparable, a match made in heaven if you asked Gabriel.
With a deep breath he fought to open his heavy eyelids and was met by bright clinical lights and surprised voices. But by the time the room came into focus, there was only one face present.
Cas looked up into worried green eyes as he was pulled in close, a kiss pressed into his hair and a blanket was wrapped tightly around him. Those beautiful eyes, shining and green and as deep as the forest he was laid in… He’d never thought he’d see them again.
“I will try and negotiate Mr. Nov… Gabriel, but it is unlikely. I’m afraid they have hired a divorce lawyer who is quite the Shark. Have you heard of Mr. Crowley?”
Jake was the boss and he certainly wasn’t a morning person. He was a nice guy and he got on well with him, and the rest on the weekend staff.
They had been together for over 5 years when he’d proposed and three months ago they’d tied the knot, quietly, no fuss. His brother Sam had been annoyed they’d not invited guests, but Cas had disowned almost all his family and he didn’t need the reminder of what he’d run away from.
“Damn right you will.” Gabriel nodded in respect, a little flash of forgiveness crossing his features. “Right, well time for you to get out lover boy, Cassie needs his rest and the doctors need to see him.”
He wanted to burst in there right now, take Cas and build a whole new damn universe where Cas could be safe and nothing and no one would ever hurt him again. If only he were God, Gabriel sighed to himself. That said, if he ever did get the chance to meet God, he would have a fair amount to say to that bastard.
“We usually say 5 years and I know that seems a long time, but I wouldn’t lose anymore sleep. Go live your life Mr. Novak and don’t let cancer take up any more of your thoughts.”
“Hey baby, feeling any better.” Dean asked as he slipped back into bed alongside Cas with the tray of food. Cas was laying on his side, facing away from Dean and towards the window, looking tense and dejected.
“Of course it is.” Cas sniffed in a mixture of joy and sadness as Dean slipped the ring back on his finger. Cas stiffened slightly when Dean slid back into bed and went to wrap his arm around Cas’ back. Dean felt Cas go tense and his face darkened. He sharply let go and backed off, causing Cas to startle and look at his fiancé in confusion.
“Cas, what’s wrong.” Oh, it was good to hear Dean’s voice, but Dean’s tone didn’t seem to return the thought and that killed Cas’ good mood instantly.
Cas looked up weakly to stare into a kind and worried face that was very familiar, but too blurry to make out.
“I can’t imagine.” Sam said sincerely. He knew what a stress money could be. “It’ll be worth it though, I’m sure.” Sam’s brow furrowed. He’d just told Dean his beloved husband wasn’t looking well and he’d barely got a rise. Even when Sam had still been at college, before Cas and Dean had been going out Dean was furiously protective of Cas. He’s get mad if Cas had so much as a papercut.
“Control this is Sherriff Mills.” She said picking up the radio and glancing at Cas in the back seat. He was out cold already which wasn’t a surprise, but it also wasn’t a good sign. This would be a great opportunity to drive him to the hospital regardless of his wishes, but she knew Cas and he was stubborn. If she did that they risked him denying it ever happened and not pressing charges.
Both are naked from head to toe now and Dean quickly leaves the couch to search his jacket for the packet of lube he knows is still in there and rushes back to Cas with it, straddling him.
Soon it was September and Dean was to fly to California for his brother’s wedding. He had spent hours on Skype with Eileen’s sister, practicing his first man speech, and also rehearsing the signing and talking at the same time at the cemetery, Cas and some wild animals being an attentive audience. He had already gotten used to the—mostly elder—people walking by, alienated by his quirkiness, pointing fingers and possibly spreading rumors about him in hushed voices. As long as no-one escorted him off the premises and officially banned him from the graveyard, he would continue to come here as often as he liked. He didn’t disturb the peace of the dead or anything, so why would they? This was a public space and Dean paid his taxes.
Cas wants to add something but he’s interrupted by a knock on the door. “The pizza,” he says and jumps from his chair.
“He hates me and you know that. Don’t you try to make me believe that a boy being mean to me means he’s actually into me.”
The summer heat, combined with physical work, left Dean wrenched in sweat, despite air-conditioning which didn’t seem to work as well as it used to. He felt dirty and was already fantasizing about the shower he was going to take when he finally got off in an hour. When he got up from under the car he had been working on, the sight of sheer beauty in the other corner of Bobby’s garage caught his eye and made him stumble so that he had to hold onto the hood of the car to find his balance. The handprint he’d made was clearly visible but he’d been going to clean it anyway. There, only a few feet away from him, was a green 1970 Plymouth Barracuda. He hadn’t seen the owner when the car had come in as he’d been busy lying under another car but he definitely needed to meet and congratulate them on this precious piece of design history.
“I do Dean. I don’t want you to keep things from me because you worry how I might react. We should be a team. ”
Dean opened the wallet cradling it close to him to find it void of any cash and card, but in the front pocket there was an old crumpled photo of Dean that he didn’t even know Cas had and another pristine passport size photo of Dean hugging Cas at the finish of the Chicago marathon where he’d run 2:08 and come 5th. Cas had broken down in tears on the finish line, he couldn’t believe the time and Dean had sobbed along with him, but that had definitely been due to his hay fever. At that moment, Cas’ dream of getting Olympic selection had been very, very real, but that had also been his last race before he accident.
“Being held helps though.” Cas protested. “It makes me feel wanted.” He said, looking a little ashamed.
Dean breathed into his fiancés shoulder, holding him tightly as the relief poured out of him. He had stayed up all night worrying something had happened. Cas had never stayed mad with Dean for as long as he had yesterday. He’d called and called and called Cas’ cell, to no answer. He’d even texted Sam and Charlie and nearly called Jody to put out an APB or something but had decided against it. He figured Cas needed some space and now he was just over the moon to have him back in his arms.
“Yes, you will I’m afraid, in fact, it would be best to keep you in from this point. You will need a week or two to recover from the surgery before we start chemo, so until the kidney failure is reversed dialysis will be essential.”
Cas sighed angrily and started to calculate how much this overdraft was going to cost them in interest and then emailed his boss pleading for more hours.
“Of course, I do you beautiful idiot.” Dean sighed pressing a kiss into Cas’ hair and then he reached into his pocket, pulling out the ring he’d taken from Cas two days ago. “Part of me wanted you to wake up with this back on your finger, so the moment you woke up you would know I loved you and I would never let you go again.” He sighed sadly. “But another part wanted to do this properly so…” Dean slid off the bed and got down on one knee like he had only months ago. “Will you marry me?”
“Gabriel stop it.” Cas yelled at the other end of the phone and suddenly everyone was silent. Dean heard angry whispers, but couldn’t make out the words.
“You are coming home with me after this weekend.” Gabriel said firmly. He could barely believe what he was hearing, but Cas was right. Dean lying to him, not coming home at night… the asshole wasn’t even being subtle. “I am going to tear that piece of shit a new one.”
“Not much.” He sighed sadly. Dean smiled reflexively. He knew Cas was trying to be positive and that it was exhausting. He knew he couldn't manage it all the time and it was more than normal for him to be feeling this way, but it didn't change the fact He hated seeing Cas like this., He just wanted so badly to take away all his pain, but he knew he couldn't.
Shit… “Did they hurt your back?” She said worriedly. She of course knew of Cas’s injury and she was terrified that after all he’d been through to get back on his feet that he would be left paraplegic by this.
“Shhh sweetheart. I know its not fair, its not fair at all and we’ll make them pay, we will. But first we need to get you better, get you safe and warm…”
“Well yes, I know it’s not been long, but I have some numbers I can give him, hotlines and the like and I know a really good counsellor who has a lot of experience…”
Jody looked at her phone flicking between the two numbers, Dean or Cas. She had left it this long to call but having not heard anything from Cas she thought it was about time she checked he was ok. Hopefully they were at the damn hospital getting Cas seen to, but she had to know what was going on, she still hadn’t slept and had taken the day off work, though a text from her deputy told her that apparently they had found a fair bit of DNA evidence in that alley that would help get a conviction.
“No Dean, I know different now, ok, but I need to say this. I felt filthy and disgusting and at the time I didn’t think anyone cared about me, so there was no one to hurt by letting myself die. I was going to hell anyway.”
“Hey Cassie, stop that.” Zar walked back in. “You know that’s not true, your friends love you. And regards that divorce, it might not be even happening.”
Cas cried himself to sleep on that night, alone in the apartment, lying awake well into the early hours. Then his alarm went off and he realised, that he hadn’t actually slept at all.
“Why am I crying?” Dean asked in disbelief. “Because I thought I’d lost you, you idiot.” Dean stroked the back of Cas’ head and squeezed him tighter as if he would never let go again. “How could you let me think that, huh? Let me think you’d cheated, let me call you those awful things when you’d just been…” Dean’s voice broke as he failed to finish the sentence.
Jody had found Cas at 7pm, but he didn’t wake up till the early hours of the morning. Jody hadn’t slept, she couldn’t. It was almost as if she had to stand guard over the form sleeping on the sofa, to stop anything else horrible from happening to him. She gave him a few moments when he started waking up to gain his surroundings, but as she turned on the light she could see the panic and confusion in his face so moved a little closer to calm him.
“Ok, fine. Electricity is good.” Dean conceded. “So, where is it? What are the hours? Tell me everything…”
“Ok. If you say so.” Dean said in a disgruntled tone and Cas frowned at the other end of the line. He was about to retort when the line went dead.
As the paramedics moved to lift Cas onto a stretcher Dean momentarily had to let go of his fiancées hand.
While Dean filled up Baby, Sam gathered all of Dean’s usual junk food into a basket along with some slightly less fattening food for himself. He’d had made it to the checkout where there was a pretty red headed girl behind the counter by the time Dean made it inside. She started scanning the items and packing them into a carrier, while Dean inspected Sam’s choices with scrutiny.
… I don’t know exactly what’s going on, but I understand you now know that your belief I was cheating on you was misplaced.”
Anna giggled. “Probably slept in. He was so happy when you took on the morning shifts that he nearly threw a party.”
“Both kidneys are affected, but only the one severely. If we can stop it spreading, remove the bad kidney and treat the other, with your age and general health there is a very good chance we will be able to both eradicate the cancer in the good kidney and get it to recover with the correct treatment. There is also the option for transplant if necessary. All in all, there is a very real chance you will be able to live a normal life.”
Jack slinked into the bathroom. He noticed a dial one the corner, probably unused in years, but it still worked.
“I guess I don’t know.  I don’t want this to be the reason I’m weak, but I don’t want to lose it.”  Jack explained.
“Sorry.  It’s probably because I’m not hunting.  I’m not as hungry as I was.”  Jack stated.  That wasn’t a lie, but he was pretty hungry now.
He was roped in, as they started to ask questions, while consuming the strangest looking cookies with a green frosting.  It was odd to Jack, people eating before they’ll be eating again, as if food would never exist again.
Jack awkwardly shook his head, as his gaze moved to the floor.  His heart fluttered, as he stood.  It was almost strange, how tired he was just standing up, as if he had nothing left.
“I thought, as a celebration of your first semester, we all celebrate with pizza, you know?  I know it’s been super rough.”  Dean explained, which caused Jack to freeze for a bit.  This was the opposite of a surprise.
He floated his way into class, and basically fell into his seat - the two kids sitting beside him looked almost concerned as Jack met their eyes.
“So, how much?”  Taylor asked, and another kid came from behind, circled him a bit.  Jack seemed to take so much of his energy to not chuck her across the room.
The climb down the stairs kept his anxiety creeping.  He was aware that a third chew out of the day was about to go down, and he just braced himself for more angry voices, and maybe a plate of pancakes.
The success being his own self-destruction, but veiled as just “another 10 pounds”.  Even with his weight dropping under 110 for the first time.
“Yes.”  Jack stated.  He didn’t want to explain it yet.  He knew why - but Dean was part of the reason that the Anorexia evolved into bulimia instead of getting better.
He was falling apart, but so was Dean, Sam, even Cas had changed since this whole thing had started.
“Yeah, and the last time you did that I found moldy pizza under your bed.  You’re staying.  End of discussion.”  Dean yelled.
He didn’t exactly have the energy to continue, so with what he had, he just used his powers to rid of them, leaving himself exhausted.
Even during the events of the alternate universe, Dean had the same stupid obsession with food, but he was just stuck in the limbo between disorders.
“Obviously it wasn’t.  I mean Jack was basically destroying himself.  You saw him, you heard him.”  Sam said, he was starting to get angry.
Cas was the one who pulled him up, after the aftermath.  He couldn’t really breath, no, as Cas held a hand to his forehead.  Their eyes met, and somehow he couldn’t face Cas.  It just kept bringing him back to his brother, and every memory ran through his mind.
Dean ended up trying to contact others, he yelled out for Cas in attempts to wake him up a second time.  No avail.
“Is there a right way?  It’s what we were told by that hot nurse.”  Dean said, which caused Cas to glare - but that was dissolved with a wink.
Jack waited for a second, for Sam to leave - and when he didn’t, Jack knew he was completely screwed.
It wasn’t suburban life, as much as he wanted to blame the change, no it wasn’t that.  It wasn’t the Leviathans either - who even created a complete threat to any and all food Dean would eat.
Dean ended up walking back in a few moments later, and Jack found his anxiety really increase, especially with the look of concern on Dean’s face.
He was sneaky.  Every time he spit, he used a different reason.  Sneezing twice, and then just to get food off of his face.  Pizza wasn’t crazy hard to hide.  The last two were just when no one was watching.
“What are we supposed to do now?  Do we just wait until he’s back in the hospital?”  Dean asked, sitting back down.
“No, it was already half-empty.”  Jack lied.  He could feel his cheeks turning red, as he felt his stomach begin the pain again.  His face contorted.
“It didn’t settle too well.  I don’t think it wanted to stay down.”  Jack said, hoping to make the purging sound like an accident, as if it wasn’t his own doing.
He wasn’t really wanting to tell them, but he wanted someone to figure it out, so he could have permission to eat again.
Upon arriving back in the kitchen, Jack found a somewhat calm looking Dean, and some broken pieces of a plate in the corner - not helping the atmosphere.
Jack stopped when he saw what was on the table.  Dean just felt his stomach drop.  He looked at Cas and Sam with a worried look.
Sam and Dean seemed to believe Cas.  They were skeptical yes, but they believed him, until one day, where Sam was in Jack’s room, cleaning the floors, and he saw something odd from underneath a chair.  He thought maybe a blade of sorts, so he looked closer, and his heart had skipped a beat when he pulled the scale from its’ spot.  The glass blinded him for a second, and then the truth rang too clear.  Sam looked in the same spot to find the notebook.  He began to flip through it, and found the numbers.  The day it had started, and how it went down.  The weeks after.  Months, and to this day.  Sam saw the start.
“You didn’t cut your hair, no, it’s still the same length.”  Cas pointed out, which caused Jack’s cheeks to redden again.  He looked down at the almost empty bowl of cereal.
“I don’t feel too great.”  Jack stated, as his stomach was churning - both awfully hungry and nauseous at the same time.  He couldn’t help but feel the impending anxiety of Dean, the moment he would walk in.
“So this isn’t because of that time in gym?”  Dean asked.  Jack just shook his head.  It was, yes, but at this point it became much more.  He couldn’t say it was because of that anymore.  He had found the one coping mechanism that actually worked.
It wasn’t the greatest of feelings, but he found it to be an acquired taste, and an addiction that he couldn’t really get away from.
“I guess I forgot.”  Jack stated, as he scoured the kitchen for anything that wouldn’t cause the hunger to start up.
The door closed again.  Dean walked through this time, followed by Cas.  Dean was worried - which was hidden underneath the usual angry demeanor he had about him.  He looked like every single word wanted to just come bursting out - but they couldn’t.
Jack ended up getting up late - a little too late, as when he finished with the scale and walked downstairs, Sam seemed to already have finished up in the kitchen.
It was a red day, so Jack had Math, Theater, PE, and English.  He didn’t hate these days, he really just didn’t like PE.  It was mentally taxing to just exist in the gym, let alone strip to his underwear in front of other people.
The panic of afterwards.  The pain that came with binging, and then the onset of the crappy amount of guilt.  The silent running to the bathroom, the water running as he shoved his fingers down his throat and puked up all he could in the same panic as before.
“I should probably go sleep before Jody comes searching.”  She said, and left the room, leaving Jack and his Nephilim-induced insomnia in the dark.
Jack wanted nothing more than to escape to his room.  Dean told him that it was just a few friends, but it seemed everyone they knew was here - which seemed ridiculous.
Odd - that felt like it was high, as it was just a pretty large number for a single human being.  He felt sort of disheartened, and for no reason.  No one had ever said anything about it.
The pain was interesting; usually his body could heal any ailments real quick, but this, well it seemed to be a larger issue - that couldn’t just be healed up.  It was another sign that everything he was doing, it was more than just some attempt to fit in - if it was, he would’ve stopped by now, yet he was still completely obsessed.
“Yesterday begs to differ,”  Sam said, and he held a hand out for Jack, who just pulled his knees closer.  “I promise you’ll feel better when it’s off your chest.”  Sam said.  Jack just sighed.
It was the first time that Sam had noticed the weight loss, but he didn’t feel like prying at the moment.  It would ruin the magic of the night.  Jack didn’t need the stress of confrontation.
Sometimes Sam would be the one to pick him up, and he would try to be a counselor.  Jack didn’t like that any more.  He just wanted the bullying to stop.
It was Dean who felt guilty, after Sam released Lucifer from Hell; had he not been trapped by angels, could he have stopped Sam.  It was his fault, and Sam seemed to blame himself, and not Dean.
He just scoured the library for anything that wasn’t lore or about monsters.  He knew there had to be something.  No one could live in a library of only monster lore.
“Trust me, you do.”  Dean explained.  They piled into the car.  Sam and Dean in front, Cas and Jack in the back.  Jack started tearing a few pieces off.  Hiding some in a tissue he had in his hoodie pocket, the rest he actually consumed, but not with a stupid plan for later in the drive.
It was now nearing the end of September, and Jack was still the target - less of one, yes, but it was still pretty crappy.
“No, you’re not, and it’d feel much better to talk about it.”  Dean said, bluntly.  Jack inhaled, and then quietly sighed.
Not the small periods or episodes - no - just a constant state of trying to hide his purging - whether in bushes, or in some trash bag he stole from the kitchen.
Health was just as strange.  It was weird, how they talked about the body, but Jack just didn’t really find it helpful.  He just got confused by all the big terms.
“No, why would I?  You didn’t do anything wrong.”  Sam explained, and Jack couldn’t think of anything, but how angry it seemed Dean had been when Jack wouldn’t eat.
“Yeah, sure,”  Dean stated, jokingly.  He gave a gentle pat on Jack’s shoulder, before heading to the bathroom.  “You need to eat kid, even if you’re half angel.”
He stripped to his boxers and hopped on the scale, and was met with a number that he could have only fathomed months ago.
He looked through them, hoping to find something that peaked his interest, until a small cacophony of voices came down the stairs, as in, everyone else had finally woken up.  Jack, along with the others in the library, looked over to see the few people walk down the stairs.
Jack didn’t actually talk throughout the first day.  He wanted to just figure out what everything was.  Why the other kids just wouldn’t shut up, or get off of their phones when the teacher called.
“Good.  Sorry about the hunt anyway, I know you wanted more than some angry ghost.”  Sam apologized, but it still irked Jack.  He wanted that escape, but it wouldn’t be the last hunt during the break.  It was just interesting, how few monsters seemed to show themselves at this point after saving the world.
They even ended up trying therapy.  Dean didn’t like it, but it did help a bit.  Enough for him to stick with it for a few weeks.
A week passed.  A whole week of school.  The weekend was the most exciting part.  Jack had tried to introduce himself to the brown-haired-girl, and even tried to speak in class.  He wasn’t very well liked, no, the other kids thought he was weird - too weird.  Partly because they knew of the family he existed in.  The odd bunker with the three weird dads.  It also seemed to have no reason - they were preying on Jack’s innocence.
“You don’t want to stop, do you?”  She asked.  Jack shook his head.  He had his knees pulled to his chest by now; while his hands fidgeted with the baggy jeans.
The yelling had died down again, as quickly as it had started, and there were footsteps coming up the stairs.
It seemed that people were being called one-by-one into the weight room, but for something that Jack didn’t know.  He just sat by the matted wall, waiting for them to call his name.
“It’s a lot, but I did get to talk to Claire.  That was nice.”  Jack said.  He found the chaos both awful and yet, it wasn’t too chaotic.  This was better than food - which he dreaded.
He awkwardly sat down in the middle of the room, and pulled a notebook out.  It was a really nice one with a leather binding - Jack had picked it out, hoping that it would make him feel better.
Sam walked in with masses of plates, which was the sign for dessert.  Jack picked up what he could, and placed it on the table.  The smell was enough for him to feel the hunger.  He wanted it so badly.  He needed it, but he couldn’t eat it, no.
Purging wasn’t magically easy, no, he still had the same stupid issues as everyone else, and pie was so stupidly clumpy.  It felt stuck in his throat.
“Look, I know things haven’t been the greatest.  I mean, everything that happened with Heaven, and Chuck, and then throwing you into public school, which was probably the hardest, honestly.  I know we haven’t really been there for you, really, but I want you to know that we are here for you.  This is some rough stuff to get through.”  Sam said, his voice soft.  Jack looked up.
“Five and a half, but my fake birth certificate says fifteen, sixteen in a few months.”  Jack explained, unashamed.
The problem with being a nephilim was the fact that anything healed.  Any ailments - which included the damage from purging.  He basically had this free pass to puke all day without pain, but he didn’t do it.  Purging was his most hated behavior, and it was only recent.
Dean was the one who usually picked him up from school, and Jack always complained about the kids.  He’d talk of Taylor, who really liked to give him backhanded compliments.  They confused the hell out of him, because she would tell him these nice things, but then break him throughout the second part.   Dean had to tell him that it was a new way of teasing him, again; which definitely didn’t help Jack’s case.
Jack went to take a shower, mainly from boredom.  He closed the bathroom door, and stripped naked.  The mirror tempted him, but so did the shower.  He liked the feeling of water, especially when it beat down his back.  The constant pressure relaxed him.
It wasn’t until Sam knocked on the door, that Jack quickly pulled clothes onto himself, and with haste.
“Not even the plain pasta?  I swear the last time you were over, well, you ate a bunch of it.”  Claire pointed out, which kind of offended Jack, as he didn’t want to be seen as someone who eats a lot.  It was basically his opposite.
Cas wasn’t as good at support.  He would just reassure Jack that things were ok, but not really know the circumstances.
The first night that it happened, it wasn’t anything crazy.  Jack had snuck into the kitchen at 2 am, after another painful awakening.  He had scoured for basically everything that he could find in the room - everything that wouldn’t alarm anyone.  If big things went missing - which meant - if Dean’s pie ended up missing, there’d be some real scary consequences.
Jack had started with chucking his pillows at the walls, and then moved to scratching anything that wasn’t his skin, and then his skin, and then he just zoned out - leaving the spots to bleed.
It wasn’t Dad that brought Dean over the edge.  It wasn’t losing Sam, the first time, nor was it Hell - a year later.  It wasn’t the meeting of Castiel, nor was it Sam saying yes and then jumping into the pit.
Changing before class was hard.  He apparently couldn’t change in the bathroom - so his body was just on full blast.  Every little bone, tendon, and muscle fiber.
Sometimes Dean would get angry, and shove food into Jack’s personal bubble.  He’d bark “eat”, and Jack would reluctantly eat just enough to calm Dean down.  It was rough, almost horrible.  It would be horrible if he wasn’t still losing weight.
It took a second for Jack to realize that he was basically naked, and that Dean had seen it - all of it.
The awful feeling of food actually being there seemed so stupid, so strange.  Numbers helped none, and with a few bites, he left the table in a bit of a rush, trying to get away from those around him.  He needed the air, just to figure his thoughts out.  The feelings brewing inside of him weren’t great.  He couldn’t help but feel so stuck.
Jack hated the long trips, and the stops for food that came with it.  He either tried to just awkwardly sit in the car, or Dean would drag him into whatever diner they’d stop at.  It was a constant fight.
Dean wasn’t into the idea, but that was just because Dean was Dean.  He wanted Jack on hunts, as Jack had saved their asses many times.  Cas had to remind Dean that he was an angel with full power.  They’d be fine.
“You know you can still eat pasta though, right?  Only vegans can’t, but they’re kind of crazy.”  Claire explained, confusion on her tongue.
“You might want to find one for yourself while you’re at it.”  Cas pointed out.  Dean passed a menacing look, causing Cas to shoot out of the room quite quickly.
No longer was Jack the target of any bullying, interestingly enough - he was now just consumed with the stupid disorder.
Overthinking.  Something he did far too often - the thoughts just ran, and he didn’t quite know how to control it.
Gross, absolutely, but most of that attention went onto Dean and his own strange habits of shoving far too much food into his mouth at once.
He crinkled some wrappers, as he unwrapped some old candy bars, and then footsteps were heard.  He quickly tried to hide the wrappers in his white shirt.
“We’ll drop our stuff off, get food, and figure out where to go from there.”  Dean stated, and Jack slowly opened the side door.  He felt the absolute frigid air sting his cheeks.
Winter was rapidly approaching.  Jack had gone on his first hunt since they saved the world, and even met Crowley while hunting some rogue demon squad.  It was a nice callback to an old life that Jack really did miss.  A world that wasn’t ending seemed so strange to him.
It was easy for the week that he spent alone, but when they came home, he realized that he can’t leave the scale in the bathroom, or the notebook on his bed.  He can’t just not eat, or attempt to make versions of food that was super low in calories.  They’d pretty much notice immediately, so he had to get sneaky.
Through Dean’s frustrated grunts, as he searched desperately for an extension cord, Cas kept finding different holiday songs to listen to, trying to find a good one - much to the annoyance of Dean.
He was told to just step up with his shoes off, so he did.  The surface was rubber, and it felt sort of nice below his feet.  He found himself peering at the number, when it had come up.
It had now been three months of this, and Jack noticed everything.  He noticed the way his spine dug more into the bed when he laid on it.  He noticed the clothes starting to become precarious, and no one had a belt that could fit him.  He knew he’d need his own clothes soon, as things were no longer really staying up.  Something he never predicted.
“Actually 145, you’re a little off.”  He stated, hoping they’d stop, but really he knew this was just another way of teasing.  He wanted nothing to do with it.
Jack was awkward.  He found the large array of food terrifying, and the fact that he couldn’t hide under layers of clothes even more so.  Sam insisted they don’t all hide in layers of jackets, so Jack had to let others see his body, even just a bit.  A flannel wasn’t enough cover.  He basically felt naked.
The bunker looked so different with decorations.  A tree even stood by the large blue window.  It was the most normal thing they’d pretty much ever done.  Lights were strung along the stairs, and there was even a wreath, not made of meadowsweet, on the door.  Jack loved it, really.
They had a test in gym, which Jack didn’t really understand.  What would they even test him on?  He couldn’t really figure that out at all.
“I don’t know how much I remember, but I can try to help.”  Sam sighed, as he sat beside Jack.  The two started trying to figure out simple equations, and Sam kept googling different formulas upon formulas for Jack.  Dean had started ordering dinner - as he was never a fan of anything home cooked - especially not from Cas.
“Jack, hey, you’re awake.”  Sam breathed.  Jack just crashed back down on the pillow, his muscles still disoriented.
“I didn’t want to worry you.”  Jack said.  He could feel heat in the room, along with his own slow heartbeat pulsing in his ears.
“It’s ok.  There will be another one.”  Jack stated, and he ate the sushi rice, and picked at the breakfast sandwich.  He didn’t know the calories, and promised to frantically google in the car later.
Jack awoke a few hours later, in the early hours of the morning.  He noticed the very few voices of those who don’t sleep.  Cas, Crowley, Gabriel. The only ones he could make out.
Jack froze for a few moments.  He started to form excuses in his head.  Everything was already used - and they’re not believable for much longer after one use.
Jack didn’t feel great as he walked towards his sixth period class.  His head was pounding, and he could feel his vision spotting.  He wasn’t about to pass out.  He knew that feeling, and it was different.
He slowly opened the stall door, just to see who was on the other side. It was a large relief to know that it was just Garth.
He was still unhappy - that hadn’t changed in months.  The new year had pulled, and with it came the worst time of the year.  Jack hated February, but now, when he was in school - it was worse.  Kids had friends - and actual lives outside of school.
Jack spent a long time just ripping the pieces of the sandwich, and consuming it in a deconstructed form - which seemed to irk Dean a bit, but not enough for words.
“It was a bit off the top,”  Jack lied, and drank the milk from the bowl.  “I’m fine Cas, really.”  Jack reassured him.
Jack sat silently, his eyes staring at the beige wall.  His heart was racing.  Group therapy never went well.  Dean, as hard as he would try to seem unbothered - he cared too much.  It was caring too much that had him angry, and all Jack felt was fear.
Jack was the one who got pulled down this time; into the dusty and awfully bloody cave.  The fall caught him off guard, and he found some black spots in his vision, before picking himself up, and calling out to the others.
Jack was an excited kid - literally, this was the first time celebrating Christmas, and he was ecstatic - until the afternoon.
“I didn’t know you were also going,” Cas says. On the tip of his tongue sits the question if Dean had seen it as well but he refrains from inquiring.
He turns towards the railing to look, Cas doing the same, and Dean can’t help but splay his hand across Cas’s back, taking in his warmth. Now Cas is smiling at him again. He looks so happy and Dean feels a sudden sadness rush through him. Soon they will have to part and Dean isn’t so sure if he will be able to handle it. He’s developed a great fondness for Castiel the merman, has found a friend in him, a good friend.
“I go to see my brother or I invite him over and we have a good time together. In the summertime, there are much more people around here. I might go and meet them, get to know new people.”
He holds onto the railing for a minute before proceeds his walk home. With his last drop of energy, he manages to take off his clothes and get into bed before he falls into a deep, deep slumber.
“Me too,” Cas says, “there’s still so much to see. I don’t think I could do it without you.” Right. Of course. When the next cycle of Cas’s transformations into human form begins, Dean will have been dead for quite some time. He doesn’t expect to get over a hundred years old.
Cas was pressing a sweaty palm against his mouth, his hand trembling slightly. He knew exactly what the question was. His eyes were filling with tears because not so long ago he was sure he’d never have this and now Dean was there, on his knee, holding a velvety box out to him.
His phone is still on his nightstand. Cas is sitting on the bed, looking worried. “Everything’s going to be fine,” Dean promises and dials 911. No signal. He tries again, still nothing. He tries to call his brother. It’s hopeless.
“We did. But in that moment I was too bewildered to put one and one together. Emma was so kind to help me out and she said, ‘You’re probably my father.’”
Dean could barely believe his eyes when he returned. The angel’s garb shone bright with white paint, as did his wings. His head was covered in a dark, brownish tone and his skin seemed as tanned as someone’s who had just returned from a beach vacation. However, most astounding was the shade of blue that highlighted his eyes now. Someone must have been very busy making him look like this.
He shouts out all that he’s been bottling up, all that he didn’t dare to think about. He screams at the sky, the stars, demanding them to bring her back, to bring back his mom. It isn’t fair.
“Woah, hey, that’s my man,” Dean said jokingly and took his turn at hugging her after she’d let go of Cas. “It’s so good to see you,” he said. “But why did you have to bring him?”
“Ihaveagirlfriend,” she spills quickly and immediately after crouches as if she’d like to disappear under the table.
When the day of Sam’s departure comes, Cas is both glad to have met him and saddened to see him go for good. In another life, where he and Dean are actually together, they could’ve become actual friends, real brothers-in-law. Whatever happens between them, Cas wishes to someday find out what became of Sam. If he ever got to be a lawyer, if he’s still with his girlfriend Jessica or if there’s someone else. If he and Dean still get along so well and see each other regularly.
“Leave it be, Charlie. He’s a cool guy and I’m okay with being just friends with him.” It was true. Dean would have liked to go on an actual date with him but it was fine as it was now.
Dean watched her play with a strand of blonde hair and tried to imagine her in a dirndl. He would definitely want to see her certainly perfect long legs showing under her skirt, her tits daring to jump out on the upper end.
Dean blushes. He won’t admit what she’s hinting at. “He’s nice, I guess,” he says, which isn’t a lie either.
“Very good, actually. I’ve found a counseling job. Dean and I live together…it’s all fine,” Cas said, then rushed to add, “Dean is still a great roommate, just like in college.” He could see Dean side-eyeing him as he said that.
They try it a few times until Anna approves. “Good,” she says, “now if you like you can add a little leg stroking.”
“Welcome to the bridge of the MS Amara,” Donna says with a grin. “What do you say? Great view, right?”
Athena drops them off right by the harbor but Cas isn’t very eager to get back on board yet. They thank their guide for the great experience and she wishes them a save trip home.
It’s not that late yet, so Cas decides to take a walk instead of brooding over technical irregularities. Just outside the house he comes across a young woman he’s seen once before leaving for work. Considering where she was headed that time, Cas guesses she’s one of the Banes’ Dean has mentioned to him—the owner of the wind chime and the cat responsible for his little accident last week.
“A voice on angel radio?” Dean says, taking two angel blades out of the trunk. “Sounds pretty angelic to me.”
There’s sweat in the hollow of Dean’s throat, or maybe it’s just the humidity of Cas’s breath. Dean brushes back the hairs curling behind his ear to place a kiss there, only to let it be followed be another one, sucking at the side of his neck and Cas’s gasps. The front of his boxers feels wet all of a sudden. He didn’t come, not yet, Dean is sure of it but before he can even finish the thought, Cas frees himself of Dean’s leg and lets go, which leads to Dean sliding off the piano.
He loved being outside when the weather was this fine. Sure, there were other parks in the city but none of those was as quiet as this one and he didn’t want all the other people around, sunbathing and playing volleyball.
Charlie enters the room behind him, seeming a fair bit less enthusiastic, though she’s beaming at Dean as if she’s glad he’s having a good time.
“What? I thought you liked Batman. You wanted to be him when you were little, remember? Good times.”
“No, Dean. You’ve got your own life and I don’t want call you every time the house needs some work. I can take care of it by myself.”
“Of course,” Cas says, raising his brows at Dean who is wiping away tears. “Sit,” he says and moves to the left end of the bench to make room for Sam.
Cas’s tears and snot were soiling Dean’s T-shirt but he didn’t seem to mind. “No offense,” he said after a while, “but your brother is a dick,” and Cas thought he was going to laugh at Dean’s bluntness but was actually just sobbing heavier.
“Only briefly, but yes,” Linda says. “I was a big fan of your father’s if you don’t mind me saying that.”
“Ha!” Dean interrupted him. “I knew there was something off with you. Now tell me what the hell is going on.”
“That’s the question,” the coroner said. “Her medical record doesn’t mention any allergies and the contents of her stomach didn’t show anything suspicious. I also didn’t find any insect bites on her body.”
“Should we make a trip to Lebanon, you think?” Dean says then. “You know, check if he’s still alive?”
“Yeah,” Cas breathes, “that’s why I came out here. It’s so hot in there, I’m kinda sweaty. Aren’t you too hot in that sweater?” He wants to hit himself as soon as the words have left his mouth. Dean just shrugs.
Then it’s just the mother and her sons. Sam is more openly curious, now that everyone else is gone. Mom wants every little detail but Dean can’t give her that. He tells the story about how they met again, how Dean got confused by his jealousy towards Mick and how he and Cas finally made up. Obviously, he skips the part about the blowjob at Benny’s bachelor party.
Dean doesn’t move so Sam walks around him and drops the paper bag with Cas’s burger on the kitchen counter.
“We’re just…different and what might not be wrong in his eyes is to me. I mean, I’m the problem here. I have a hard time dealing with who I am and in comparison to him I feel somehow humble, like he’s an ideal I can never match up to.”
Luckily, Cas didn’t have as much stuff as Dean and so they easily managed to fit everything into his car. The trunk had already been full when they had left Lawrence but Cas’s things didn’t even take up the entire backseat.
I know you were in love with him when you were in college and I also know how upset you were when he chose to become a priest. You didn’t leave your room for almost two weeks after coming home from North Carolina.”
“Yes. I don’t know who or what you are and you don’t have to tell me. You mean well, that’s obvious, you’re no threat whatsoever. You’re at a crossroads. Great uncertainty lies ahead of you. Many obstacles have to be overcome to get where you want to be.”
“I want to,” Dean says. “I just… I may need some cash to go grocery shopping tomorrow but then, I promise, you’ll get a delicious home-cooked dinner.”
Cas feels drowsy when the credits roll and really doesn’t want to think of sleeping in his spook house tonight. The mattresses are still in the living room and he can’t possibly ask Dean to have another sleepover. Dean deserves to sleep in his own bed in his own house for once.
When he was at the door and ready to leave, he hurriedly put down his things again and reached for the crumpled piece of paper in the bin. “Shit,” he cursed under his breath and tried his best to smooth the recently inflicted creases. Fortunately, the photo had barely suffered from Dean’s ill-considered move and he sighed in relief as he put it back in his wallet, neatly folded.
It was only six o’clock when Cas woke up. For a moment he thought kissing Dean had only been a bizarre dream, but when he’d regained full consciousness, he realized it hadn’t been a dream at all. The kiss actually happened, more so, they hadn’t just kissed, they had… Cas felt panic stir in his stomach. How could he have molested his best friend like this, how could he have used him for the sake of his own pleasure? He’d been really drunk.
“Dim the lights and sit over there,” he said in a surprisingly demanding tone and pointed at the recliner.
He withdraws too quickly and bumps his elbow once more. That’s really the last thing he needed to today. A black cat crossing his path from left to right on this exact date.
“Ca-asss,” Dean hisses and Sam grunts when his brother accidentally kicks him under the table instead of Cas.
“So you don’t get paid? You’re living at Dean’s house, probably eat the food he pays for… Must be very easy-going for you. I mean, I’d like not to have to work for my money either.”
“Uh, Dean and your father are outside,” Cas said and they walked out to greet John as well, leaving Cas all by himself. It was awkward but he would have to see Mr. Winchester all too soon again anyway, so he decided to stay where he was.
Anyway, his eyes skimmed over the various panties, his right hand hovering above them until, eventually, he snatched a specifically pretty pair out of the drawer.
Dean frowned at him. “Cas, don’t be ridiculous.” He moved the suitcase out of the way and put it in the corner next to the sofa. “Would you like a shower before we make your bed?”
But he’s made it out. He’s made it out alive—(was his life even in danger?)—and he’s sucking in this late October night to warm his lungs and then he hears the cracking of wood and the rocking chair in the corner starts a gentle swing which sends Cas tumbling down the porch and along the pathway to the street.
He kinda hates himself for accidentally opening up to Cas about his issues the other day. He usually doesn’t do chick flick moments. Definitely not with people who don’t even know him and who won’t get him anyway. Cas surely isn’t one of those because otherwise he wouldn’t have done what he did. He would have known Dean would really, really want to become sheriff when it was announced that they were calling for applications.
“I was thinking seven-ish. And bring some wine,” Balthazar says and gives him a kiss on the cheek. “Looking forward to meeting your lawfully wedded husband!”
His husband’s eyes met his and a wide grin spread on Cas’s face. “You’re gorgeous,” he said before ducking down again. He took the lace between his teeth and pulled at it, released it and let it snap back. The small pain and sound of it made Dean squirm beneath him.
“Thanks,” Dean mumbled as he accepted the cookies. “Did your Bible club friend give you a lift again?” he asked.
“What kind of spell did you use that the curse only hit the person it was intended for?” Dean asked calmly.
“Let’s better get started then. Spring semester’s already begun,” Dean said and guided Cas to sit on the couch while Charlie put the first Blu-ray in his player.
Yet, on Monday he feels well enough to go to work and the day after that he’s fully recovered and on Wednesday they’re having cake at work because it’s Hannah’s birthday. All in all, this has been a good week and on Thursday he even receives a text message from Claire, though it ends with a warning to expect a call from her mother in the evening.
Her words have him all choked up. If only she knew… If only she knew that this is all a lie, that Cas is happier now because he didn’t get deported and has got a real job again.
“Go!” Castiel says immediately and on three Dean throws scissors, losing to Castiel’s rock. Damn, his brother is right, he should really change his strategy.
“Yes. Michael is twenty-one, he’s the oldest. He’s also going to college back in Indiana. And my younger sister Hannah is sixteen. We also have a cat. His name is Francis… I miss him too.”
“At first Olivia didn’t want to talk at all. She said I would think she’s crazy if she told me what really happened. But I got through to her and she admitted she and her friends were doing this oracle thing.”
“Oh, and what were you thinking of?” Balthazar asks. He sounds genuinely interested, though. However, Dean doesn’t really have an answer to that.
Mild night air fills his lungs, only a slight breeze caresses his cheeks as he leaves his backyard. He doesn’t want to take the road this time. It’s very unlikely to encounter anyone so late but he’d rather start his nocturnal outing unobserved. There’s an old and wonky footbridge crossing the river. Dean meant to fix it a while ago and now regrets not doing so. Carefully, he puts one foot on it and it seems to support his weight. Graceful like a ballerina he glides over the planks, letting out a breath in relief when his boots come to stand on soil again. He should have learned from pushing his luck too far after he slipped and fell into the ocean. However, all went well this time.
They talk occasionally, pointing out their favorite scenes, humming along with the best parts of the score and Cas feels unexpectedly content.
Smooth hands wrapped around his waist as Dean was putting his cup in the sink after finishing his third coffee. He turned around and brought their lips together.
“Why not?” Balthazar asks like the reason for their protest isn’t obvious. “Take a look around, you won’t be the only all-male couple.” And yeah, there are others but…
“Why, thank you, Cas,” he says and Cas feels a warm tingle in his belly at the sound of his name from Dean’s mouth.
“It’s...” He glances toward Dean who is currently very impressed by the lasso tricks Diego is showing him. “It’s nothing.”
“Dean, are you sure you won’t stay a little longer?” Sam asks with his trademark puppy eyes that always got him everything when they were kids.
Dean groaned as he let go of him. “Ugh, honestly, I forgot. I was distracted by the hottie here at my bedside, telling me he was in love with me and stuff, you know.”
An hour passes, then another. Dean doesn’t come home and Cas feels like he’s going insane. He sits on a bar stool at the kitchen counter and twirls Dean’s ring between his fingers, thinking of ways to fix this.
By the time sleep catches up with him, Cas is only a bundle of blankets, shielded from head to toe against the ghastly chill that has taken over the room.
“There’s nothing to apologize for, really,” Cas says and Claire’s responding eye-roll unfortunately catches Dean’s attention.
They say goodbye and Cas drives back home, determined to tell Dean about his true feelings for him. On the way, he gets some Chinese food for them. Dean’ll be hungry and more likely to accept his apology with a full stomach.
Cas was dancing with Charlie’s grandmother for the duration of a few tracks while she kept telling him what a pity it was that he wasn’t available for anyone due to his job. He kept casting strange looks at Dean over the small woman’s head until Dean relieved him from dancing with the old lady. When he danced with her for one song, he graciously overlooked that her hands had slid down onto his butt a couple of times.
Dean admired Cas for his determination. He, surely, wouldn’t have come this far if he were in Cas’s place. His own parents hadn’t been as strict as Cas’s. His dad, though, could be much of a traditionalist when it came to certain matters—which was one of the reasons Dean hadn’t yet come out to his parents about his sexuality. John Winchester, without doubt, would throw a tantrum if or when he’d find out about his eldest son being attracted to guys.
Dean tries to come up with a smug reply but this only leads to Cas getting more furious. And then he says something that completely catches him off guard: “You’re either a homophobic asshole or you’re in deep, deep denial over how attracted you are to me!”
Cas claps on his thighs and gets up from the couch. “All right then. Let’s go. I’ve always wanted to take a proper look on a human settlement.”
“Olivia Anderson,” Sam says. “She seemed to be terrified of something when the police interrogated her but she claims not to know anything.”
Cas knew he was a coward for leaving it to his sister-in-law, his brother and their priest to tell his parents that he had run away from his life but he wouldn’t be able to do it himself and just call them. He was so lucky to have Meg still supporting him, even though he had broken his promise he had given God Himself.
The tone of his voice is urgent but his lips haven’t moved and the words seem to have come from further away.
“Great,” Sam says, “let’s go find a hotel. I’d say we try this way,” and Jack walks next to him while Dean and Cas stay a few feet behind.
Dean finds him sitting at the dining table, hands folded as if he’s praying. There’s an envelope in the middle of the glass top.
All nod. Well, sat he has on a horse. And the horse has moved but it wasn’t Cas who was controlling it.
“Hey, that’s not fair! Could you have told Donna she’s a little…annoying? It’s like the equivalent of kicking a puppy.”
Dean couldn’t take it any longer and hurriedly pushed his sweats and underwear down. His eager grip was so tight it almost hurt. He wished he could see Cas’s cock. How beautiful it must be, so thick and hard and leaking.
The lightning was everything but efficient but Cas could still see that Dean’s hand was wrapped around his penis, steadily moving it up and down. He had just walked in on his best friend while he was masturbating. Cas had been aware that Dean would do that on occasion but he had never really thought about it—he did it too, sometimes, not that often. He realized he was staring and quickly directed his view somewhere else. Leaning his back against the wall next to Dean’s door he could still hear the little noises Dean was making. A gasp, a sigh, followed by a pleasant hum.
“I’m ready now,” Cas breathes and reaches for the condom. He unwraps it and rolls it onto Dean’s hard cock.
Cas nods and directs the camera at Dean. He takes a step back again, waiting. The doors won’t close.
Sam leans over the table, awkwardly hugging his brother. “Congratulations for aging another year,” Dean says and hands over the gift bag he brought.
“As nice as that massage sounds,” Dean said, breaking the kiss. “I had something I wanted to talk to you about.”
Sam frowned. Something was off here. He drew the letter back towards himself. Something was very wrong and he now was pretty certain that Dean was being too hasty. But, Gabriel took the letter out of Sam’s hand as he came back out of the apartment carrying Cas’s weekend bag.
Sam took one look at his brother’s face and knew something was wrong. He was staring intently at a letter in front of him.
Cas was surprised how relaxed he felt with so many people in the house. If they were strangers, he was certain that he would have been overwhelmed, but all the people here were no strangers, they were his family and they loved him. They loved him, Cas repeated to himself. He was loved. Dean loved him. He snuggled his head deeper into Dean’s shoulder as he pondered everything that was weighing on his mind.
Gabriel didn’t want to leave Cas alone, but Cas had insisted he was fine and he would take it easy. But as soon as Gabriel arrived at his motel he rang his brother back up.
Gabriel nearly snorted. “Don’t you worry your pretty little head about me Sammich. Save your prayers for my brother.” He said as he hung up the phone.
“It is.” Cas sobbed. “And even if it isn’t I am filthy and ruined and wrong and you could never want me now.” He ranted hysterically.
“Oh shit.” Was the last thing Cas managed to breathe out before he completely lost control of his body. He felt himself grabbed by several strong pairs of hands and pulled outside into the alley. He wanted to fight, but he couldn’t, he tried to beg and plead and cry, but he couldn’t do that either.
Dean and Cas met during their freshman year in college. The first friends Dean made were Benny—obviously, being his roommate and such—and Charlie, who he literally ran into after his first engineering class. Dean was busy stuffing his notes into his messenger bag and Charlie’s attention was directed at her phone and when they crossed paths, Charlie’s forehead hit Dean’s chest.
” she replied, wrenching the word strangely in her mouth. “She’s a girl and a friend who I occasionally like to make out with.”
Dean pressed their foreheads together and held Cas tight for a while until he had calmed down a little. “We’re getting married,” he said then, beaming at Cas with a gentle smile.
“Shut your pie hole.” Dean leans over and twists the volume knob on the tape deck up, effectively ending the conversation.
Sam doesn’t remark on the nickname—it probably doesn't mean anything anyway—but he tucks the information away for later, and heads towards the house. The protester is still outside, holding a stack of pamphlets and looking sullen. Sam walks past him and up the steps as quickly as possible and starts checking windows. One of them is bound to be unlocked, and sure enough, the fourth window he tries opens with a smooth slide.
“So what’d it cost?” Dean demands from the corner where he’s put himself, so he doesn’t put his fist through Sam’s teeth.
“What?” He doesn’t want to have this conversation right now and pulls the wrench a little more viciously than necessary, having to jerk back to avoid clocking himself in the face.
“You don’t think you deserve to be saved.” He tastes the guilt in Dean's throat and feels him swallow.
Dean chokes on a wet laugh. He knows that one now. Only took a couple Hebrew to English dictionary searches and one put-upon rabbi to do it.
“We’ve had bigger problems than one of us being temporarily dead,” Cas deadpanned. “But in all seriousness, Dean, I was really afraid when you lay there and didn’t breathe. I hate feeling so helpless. In times like these I tend to wish my healing powers back.”
Amara, on the other hand, undid Chuck’s latest havoc and brought all the people back into existence, even those who didn’t originate from here. All the other worlds are still gone, however, irrecoverable.
Well, they were going through some rough patch at the moment but Dean was confident they were going to work this out and Dean would be allowed back in his own bed again and then they would have the greatest make up sex of all time. With or without panties, Dean didn’t know this yet.
Sorry if you were expecting cute awkwardness in the morning or The Talk or whatever. We're still far away from the end.
“Cas, I never knew you were a romantic kind of person,” Rowena says. “You’re always so serious and straightforward. I like that about you.”
“I agree,” Sam said and Cas noticed the quick look he gave his father. “I’d say, welcome to the family, Cas,” he told him and Mary nodded in agreement as Cas blushed upon the warmth he received. John had been outnumbered.
“We had a relationship, yes,” he confessed after sitting down on the living room sofa, eyes fixed on his hands in his lap.
The man keeps talking and asks him questions like where from the U.S. he is and how he likes Montevideo so far and eventually Cas gives in and buys a gourd, receiving a small packet of maté leaves in addition to his purchase.
His brother and Eileen came to a halt when they’d reached the headstone, standing there without a word, heads tilted towards the ground. Sam’s arm was slung around his wife’s waist, her head resting against him.
A quick look at his phone reminds him that it’s almost time to return to their meeting point at the port. He feels so full and he would rather sit here a little while longer and watch the people passing by and he has barely even seen Montevideo yet but he doesn’t want to be the guy who makes everyone wait so he takes his the city map he got from Charlie out of his back pocket in order to find out how far it is. As it turns it, he can easily walk the distance, no need to take the bus again.
He couldn’t possibly have expressed himself more clearly and his words seem to have brought Dean’s synapses to work because for a split second his eyes dart to his mouth.
“Unlike many others.” Dean had taken Cas’s face into his hands. “Don’t compare yourself to other people. Whatever you’re going to do, you’re gonna be great.”
“I asked mom if she could have dinner with us tonight,” Michael answered for her. “You’re having a guest, so I thought I might be having a guest as well.”
“Dean,” he whispers and Dean can feel Cas’s breath on his face, “if you want me to stop, if you really do, you gotta tell me.”
“Great answer,” Dean huffs whereupon Missouri shoots him a berating look. “Sorry,” he mumbles, though he doesn’t feel it. “We should go now. Thanks for the tea, Missouri. Come on, Cas.”
He definitely has to spend some time at the gym tomorrow to chastise himself for allowing this mental image inside his head.
“Yeah, but… I don’t feel too comfortable with Cas being in the room right next to us.” And that wasn’t even a lie.
“Yes, Dean, I know. We’ve had this talk over and over again. Do you think it was easy for me to start over? I’ve been around longer than any other living creature on this planet, yet I willingly gave up everything I had, everything I had always believed in, for
Cas gaped when he caught sight of Sam walking towards them. He was sure Dean’s brother had grown even more since their graduation day and was rather intimidated by the giant currently pulling his boyfriend into thick arms.
“Good?” Why did he make it sound like a question? “It was good, yes. You get better at it. The first time is always awkward, I guess. I was so nervous I almost backed out…but I’m glad I didn’t.”
“Me,” Cas says and a cold shudder runs down Dean’s spine. He shouldn’t have brought Cas here or encouraged him to Missouri’s reading.
Cas says nothing and the elevator doors open to the lobby. Meg exists first. “This way,” she states in her ever-present slur and Cas walks after her.
Cas hesitantly turned his eyes away from the screen which currently showed Princess Leia in her golden bikini. Dean didn’t even need to look to his right to know that Charlie was fully engrossed on what was happening on the TV right now.
The smile on her face has faltered a little. But this isn’t a story about her dead ex-husband. She’s telling him about the little boy who used to run around and play in this house and this is actually the first time Cas has a conversation with someone who knows Dean, except for Benny who got behind their secret pretty quickly.
Benny ended up acting as Cas’s substitute but Dean didn’t take a picture this year. It was mostly rainy, there was an hour-long power failure one evening due to a thunderstorm and the group had to stay in the house most of time, but even now Dean would have preferred Cas to be there with them. Cas, though, sent him a few images from what was called Saint Meinrad Archabbey and a selfie of him and Father Jim. Cas and the priest seemed to have better luck with the weather as there was sun and blue sky in every photo that had been taken outdoors.
being a father to my child and even though I wasn’t lucky enough to be there for her since day one, I’m doing the best I can now that I know she exists.” Dean’s getting angry but he’s trying not to escalate. He’s still at his best friend’s wedding after all.
Their camping trip came to an end and when they had finished packing all their stuff, everyone hugged and said goodbye. “Hey, no need to get nostalgic. We’ll see you again in a few days already and then I won’t get rid of you guys for a few months,” Dean pointed out.
That’s fair. Dean’s business mostly exists on the internet as well. Anyway, they should change the subject. Cas has been following their conversation with a frown on his face, probably clueless about what the internet even is. “That’s great, but, uh, why don’t you tell Cas a bit about what your shop is all about.”
“This instrument isn’t a toy. I need it to work. I practice six to eight hours a day. But don’t worry, the walls are thick and you will barely hear anything in your room. However, you do not touch it. If you want to learn how to play, get a tutor.”
“So do I,” Dean says and, with a grunt, pushes himself off the ground, bones creaking. “I gotta go home and take a hot shower first. My back has gotten too used to memory foam.”
“He managed to get lost in an alternate universe all by himself—it wasn’t your fault.” When Cas still doesn’t agree, Dean comes to a halt on his feet in the only chest-deep water. Cas stands as well, waiting for Dean to scold him again but instead, a second later, Dean jumps at him and pushes his head under water.
For the second night in a row he shuffles downstairs and lies down on the sofa. His efforts to untangle the blanket elicit sparks as the material slides against his flannel pajama bottoms, illuming his makeshift bedstead for a split second. The brief flashes of light soothe him somehow, despite their eeriness, like small shimmers of hope.
