That is another point Sherlock hopes to show John tonight. And for the first time in a while, Sherlock isn’t entirely sure about his potential success. And, well. He would say he’d be damned if he doesn’t try. But Sherlock already knows that such a fate is practically sealed for him by now.
“Dear Sherlock,
We kissed and kissed and kissed. We did have a lot of lost time to make up for. Neither of us wanted to break this closeness. So there we sat all night, wrapped in each other’s love. We fell asleep on the couch. I woke to Mrs. Hudson leading Lestrade into the room. They looked shocked to see John using me and a body pillow. I put my finger to my lips. “Got it,” Lestraude whispered. “I’ll come back later.”
“No, it’s a promise of love and companionship,” he stated as though he was stating cold, hard facts.
That caught my attention. “Case?” I said.
I was so happy for them that I didn’t talk to John for weeks.
“Yes you are, but if we are offering criticisms, I am not cute,” I said. I had wanted to correct him for a very long time.
“Still, it was perfect Sherlock,” she said, letting go of her husband to wrap me in a hug. I liked Mary. I liked her so much. She deserved him.
“I told her that I did love her, but not in that way.” My heart hammered loudly. I felt my palms grow damp with sweat. Why was I panicking?
His eyes darted around the room, but he never made eye contact. He was sweating, but it was a perfectly decent temperature.
“I do,” I said, gently putting the ring on his finger.
“So?” I asked.
“It-it was hard for me to understand and accept at first,” he said slowly. “I wasn’t used to feeling much; I avoided feelings like the plague. If I had to pick the moment I think it all began was when I had you run all over London. Or perhaps ‘It’s okay. All of it’.” I sat quietly. Could he have had feelings for me for that long? How did I not notice?
This song was a recording of a song I composed for our wedding. It was a low sweet melody that was slightly deep. I worked very hard on it. It was perfect. John was right there with me. I could feel him. He was my husband. We openly loved each other. I looked at him. He beamed up at me.
John’s version of soon could mean anything, but he was home. It was around the time we would normally get food. He’d more than likely get some before coming here. It was normal for us to “Hang out”, but he was coming here. In the pouring rain. To be with me. Only me. I was stupidly excited. It was embarrassing, but no one knew but me.
“Go ahead. I’ll listen for Rosie,” I said.
“How was your therapy session?” John asked.
“Don’t make me burn our receipt,” he said.
“I am not suggesting a date, Sherlock. I genuinely just want to help you figure this out. You and John are people I consider to be friends, and I want to help you,” she said. Her gaze was softer now, and she seemed to be looking at me in a new way. Her body was relaxed. She seemed to be telling the truth, so I agreed.
I looked at the desperate man who sat across from me. His eyes darted everywhere in the room but my face. I stared him down. He was pale, but he was by all means a healthy man. He was smiling but it was forced and weak.
John had this expression on his face. It was odd. He looked almost devastated, but his eyes and actions said something else entirely. He pulled me into a tight embrace. “That was good. Very good,” he said, tears in his eyes.
I rolled my eyes. “I shouldn’t have to say the obvious, John. If she loves me, it’s her own human error. There is little to nothing I can do about that. If I continue to pretend that I don’t know, maybe she will get the hint and leave me alone.”
The first thought that crossed my mind was, ‘To write you a love letter’, but that would mean I would have to admit to myself that I was in love with him. I didn’t think I could handle that right now. I wished I wasn’t still in love with him. He had clearly moved on with his life. I needed to as well.
“Nothing too exciting,” he said, rubbing the back of his neck as we stepped into the cab. His legs were in my direction. He picked lint that wasn’t there off his clothes as he talked. I encouraged him to keep going. The more he talked, the more he gave away. He grew excited and touched me unnecessarily.
JW: Piss off. I’ll b there soon
“Then, am I sure that he is avoiding me at all?”
“Shut up.”
John pretended to think about it.
“Consider this a wedding present, little brother.
We both just sat there for a second. “So you like me then?” he asked.
John dramatically gasped. “What? Are you sure?”
The need for closeness had me in his lap, kissing him slowly. We let go for a breath. He looked up at me.”I take it you liked the poem?”
It was all going wrong. I couldn’t speak. My hands shook. My legs were unreliable. I think I would rather jump off the roof again.
John picked one off the top. I felt the skin around his face heat up. “Oh you have got to be KIDDING ME.”
“You’re sweating an abnormal amount for it to be a perfectly decent temperature. You mirror my stances. You are blushing an awful lot, and your pupils were quite an abnormal size. Not just now, but at dinner and every other time I catch you staring at me. You shave when I ask. You put up with my arrogance. You spend a lot of time staring at my lips. You-”
“Alright,” I said.
“Sherlock?” he said, bringing me back from a weird state where I was kissing those lips and running my hands through his hair. I don’t know why I thought of those things. It’s not something I want. Maybe it’s just simple curiosity that I leaned in closer.
“Where is Mrs. Hudson?” he asked, after a while of silence.
“Yes, bus girl. I remember,” I said.
“Like?” John said. I guess I could have figured out he was baiting me. He had to see the blush that I felt on my skin. He had to see the irritation. I fell for it anyway.
“I did, but remember when I said I cheated on her?” he asked.
“Hush! I have had it with you sociopath thing. You are not a god damned-”
“Are you ready? I know it’s been three years, but I never thought I’d hear anything like this come from you,” he said.
“Well,” he said, bringing the unopened bottle of wine, which was surprising. I had expected liquor of some kind. It was a pleasant surprise; wine tastes better. “Love has been studied by scientists.” He looked proud of himself, like he had just shared a fact that I had not known before. I decided to humor him.
“But that was a few years ago,” I said to my therapist. John suggested it, obviously. He said I had been acting weird lately. That is to be expected of someone who just remembered they had a sister that then tortured me. It was quite a bit. I still can’t bring myself to talk to Molly. John said he had explained everything to her, but what I did, what I said. I have no right to be forgiven by her. I didn’t even have the nerve to face her. I still have to kill Mycroft, seeing as this was all his fault.
I narrowed my eyes. “I can’t tell if you’re being serious or not.”
“I think that couple just broke up because of them,” I laughed and pointed to two angry women. As I turned to see if John was laughing, I saw he was giving me a look similar to the “When will this be us?” look. It isn’t the same thing though. It was “When will this be you?” Or “When will this be me?” Not us. Never us.
“I’m fine. Rest,” I told him.
I felt that feeling again. No. No. No. I cannot do that. I cannot allow that. That would ruin me. I would never recover.
“To who upset you?” he asked.
He came to sit next to me on the couch. “I’m mortified,” he said.
“I uhh memorized the others. They meant a lot to me. I especially loved the poetry-”
“Will you listen please?” I said. “If you would listen I would explain that I can’t feel that way for any woman.”
“What?” I asked.
He looked at me. I was trying to figure out what he was thinking, but how was I supposed to figure out what he was thinking when all I could think about was how warm he must be. I watched the way his mouth moved. Was he talking? Should I be listening? What would it be like to kiss those lips?
I had to stop him. That little piece of paper meant everything to me. I had to give him something in return. I quickly grabbed my letter to him. I started to read outloud.
I felt a weird feeling. Emotions tend to feel that way, confusing and impossible to tell the difference between them all. They tend to give me physical discomfort. I don’t understand them most of the time. Sometimes it is easier to pretend that I don’t have them at all instead of trying to understand them all. Too messy. Too much space would be taken up in my brain if I tried to understand them all.
“I told her that it had nothing to do with her. It wasn’t her fault.”
Click. There he is. I thought I may have been wrong for a second there.
“Oh I donut he’ll have time, with a real baby on the way,” I said before I realized it. I just figured it out. Mary was pregnant. John looked as stunned as Mary. Then they just laughed. I didn’t understand what was so funny about this. This was a very serious matter, after all. A baby. How very…
He let out a triumphant laugh like he had won a game. “You’re so childish,” I said, glaring.
The wedding I helped plan was beautiful. It was perfect. Why did I do this to myself again?
The crowd cheered.
I smiled at him. “Oh the two of you will see each other all the time. Still solve cases together. Nothing has to change that drastically,” Mary said.
I reached over and kissed her on the cheek. “Thank you, and I’m sorry for everything I put you through.” I stood.
Me: No.
“No, it’s the other high-functioning sociopath you live with,” I said.
This is incredibly stupid. I have no intention of ever letting you read this. Ever. I would rather die, I think.”
I still had other hopes, but those felt to be a bit much. I want to take this slow and safe. Not too fast. This is new to the both of us. He is better, but still recovering. Doubts played in the back of my mind. Anger was still engulfing me. Don’t let her ruin this. She tried to take him away from me, and not just away from me. She was going to take him from his family, and from Molly, and Greg, and Mike, and Mrs. Hudson. I keep running in circles. I need to stop. I need to let go of this, but how am I supposed to?
I held back a laugh so he wouldn’t think I was laughing at him. I nodded and closed my eyes. He closed the gap between us. He was stiff and clearly had no idea what he was doing. It was a long peck on the lips.
“This is perfect,” I told him.
He complied. He took off his shoe and rolled up his pant leg. His leg was badly bruised and a little swollen. “It’s pretty bruised. I can see why you struggled to walk,” I said.
“Oh God no,” I groaned.
“I got Chinese from a place. Want a plate?” he asked.
“Oh, What about Janine?”
“She’s lonely,” I told him. “The baby is a welcome distraction.” I rummaged through the bag to find what I was after. I pulled out the container of plain rice. I took out a fork because I can't use chopsticks. I can’t seem to figure them out, and I don’t like the embarrassment that comes from trying.
“Fantasy?” he yelped. “Is that how you see love? A fantasy?” he asked.
“N-no.” I said, forcing the words out of my suddenly dry throat.
“Oh really? And what makes you say that?” I said, trying to keep the conversation going.
“You can’t play a drinking game without liquor,” he laughed.
She stopped mid sentence. I suddenly realized how loud I said that. I looked around. Those words have never left my lips before. It wasn’t really a secret, I don’t guess, but I have never said them outloud before. Heat rose to my cheeks. This was not how this was supposed to go.
I blushed. “We have roughly an hour. We have time for a nap,” I suggested.
“I think I could sleep like this,” John said.
“I don’t know!” I said. “A while?”
“It’s okay; I know you’re shy. It’s cute, honestly,” he said. “You aren’t used to this sort of thing. It’s just how you are.”
“Sherlock?” John said.
He looked like he had seen a ghost. “Sherlock?” he said.
“Shut up and let me help,” I snapped. “It’s just a wrap. Don’t make a big deal of it okay?” I asked.
“Yes?” he said.
“Not yet.”
She nodded, snickering.
Me: Just let urself in.
“I am not familiar with the game,” I said.
“You want me to find out on my own then I will. For starters, I did nothing wrong, so that’s out. Your mood has nothing to do with any women in your life, so that’s a no too. Let’s move on to what I have noticed the whole night.”
“Why didn’t you go after the man with the gun?” I asked him.
I happily took my rice and my fork to the den. I shivered a little as I entered. I turned up the gas on the fireplace.
My ringtone brought me back to earth. It was Sherlock. I answered it. “Hello?” I said.
“I don’t know.”
“Because this is getting annoying, and I am tired of the conversation. It seems to be the only thing anyone wants to talk about. Why is everyone obsessed with this?” I asked, taking a sip of my wine. It was cheap, but still better tasting than hard liquor. I didn’t look at John. “People seem to love pain. They keep setting themselves up for it. That makes no sense to me, and I have no interest in signing up for the pain. That’s insanity!” I said.
“What about you?” I asked, daring. “When did you know?” I sat stiff in my seat. He could have just said things because of trauma. Maybe he wasn’t thinking straight?
“I already have, and I can’t be scared now. I have been hiding for years Mrs. Hudson. I don’t want to anymore. I want to get on with my life. This is how I’m going to do it. No more secrets, no more lies. I know I am being a bit dramatic, but it’s true. Besides, it’s no big deal. Dinner and a movie. We’ve done this before. Never, as you know, but still. Nothing to get worked up about. Right?” I said. Mrs. Hudson smiled and hugged me. “I am so proud of you boys,” she said. The only response I could think of was, “Thank you,”.
“So not even John knows?”
He looked like he could have died. I reread it three more times, just to memorize it. I handed it back to him. “We can burn it,” I said. “You wrote that when I was gone. We never have to see them again.”
“No,” I said. “And seeing your luck in that department, I don’t see why you do.”
“Because I was actively avoided. You ignored my calls and texts. You had me think that I was in the wrong! I have the right to know why!” I got a little closer to his face.
He smiled and kissed me at the tip of my nose. “I mean it. I love all of you. Shyness and all.”
“Thank you for taking her, by the way. I was sure I was going to have to wait another time,” John said.
Aside from the almost murder, and other minor inconveniences of the night, if when smoothly. The night was as smooth as a scalpel, slowly cutting out my heart.
“This is a big deal, you know,” he said.
“And I’m off,” I said, getting up.
I stood there. I couldn’t tell how he would react. I really didn’t feel like fighting naked. “Can I put on clothes before we talk about this? I believe it may end up getting physical. I don’t want to fight you naked,” I said, looking at my feet.
JW: Do u want to hang out?
“Why would I?” I asked. Sometimes, I forget that John unintentionally broke my heart. I forgot that I was still hurt. I remembered now. Tears pricked the corners.
Our wedding was perfect. My family came. His family attended. His army friend just laughed. He was apparently not surprised. Molly was my best man. Or woman. Janine had a good time. Rosie loved throwing flowers at people. She didn’t quite understand her job but she tried.
We spent that night bickering, giggling, and deciding what to do for our first date.
“Where did you get this?” he said. “How long have you had this?” he demanded.
One morning, I woke up in our bed alone. I looked for him, but he wasn’t there. I called his name, but there was no answer. I got out of bed and went to find him. I found him in the kitchen, reading something, I assumed. I came up from behind him and wrapped my arms around him. I kissed his head. “What are you looking at?” I asked him.
“What?” he asked.
We ran through the streets of London, much like when we first met. The suspect in question didn’t realize that we were chasing him until John tackled him to the ground.
“Yes, I am sure,” I chuckled.
I couldn’t figure it out either. I thought it might be his military trauma, but he hasn’t had a nightmare in months. I thought that perhaps it was a girl, but I went through all his emails and texts. Nothing out of the usual. That left something that I had done upsetting him. The problem with that theory is that I have, surprisingly enough, done nothing.
Mycroft's words still stung like a fresh cut. “He doesn’t love you anymore.”
It still stung but the worst of the pain was gone. I did desperately want it off me. “I’m going to go shower. You know where I keep my clothes, help yourself to my clothes,” I said, walking up the stairs and into my bathroom.
“I haven’t found any reason for him to avoid me, so yes I don’t know.”
“Are you okay?” he asked me.
He looked away. Have I angered him so much that he can’t even look at me? No. That can’t be right. What had I done? Is it what I haven’t done? What?
I reread it again. “What?”
“I in all honesty didn’t plan this far. I have no idea how these things work.” He stared at his hands as he fidgeted. He was so cute.
Marriage isn’t as bad as I thought, I guess. John has never bored me. I still solve cases, but a lot of them are “The case of Rosie’s missing shoe”. I do go on real cases. It is still my favorite pastime.
He raised one of his eyebrows. He’s such a bastard. I took the cup from him, and I looked him in the eye and took a sip. He kept eye contact as I sipped. It felt like forever. Must be the head trauma because there is absolutely nothing attractive about sipping a cup of tea to prove you hadn’t poisoned it. I have to stop doing that.
“I do.” He slipped the ring onto my finger.
John gave me a pained look and gave Mary a small smile. “We can’t all three dance,” he joked. I laughed. “I will be fine Mary. Go, before the song ends,” I said. They both smiled. John did that weird manly arm grab and sake thing to me. It was supposed to be friendly. It felt more dismissive than anything. It felt like he was saying it was okay for me to go. It was a kindness really.
JW: It’s quiet w/o Rosie
“So…”
“To look at a new case. Some Dr. Watson is acting strangely and I will be paid handsomely to find out why.”
“Molly?” she asked.
He looked at me. I was at a loss for words.
“Oh, thank you,” he said, taking it, giving me a suspicious look.
“Alright, say that I do. What does that have to do with anything?” I asked, my leg bouncing.
“Dear John, you are a mystery. You surprise me everyday. You make me want to live better. You are more patient than I deserve. You have never made me feel wrong or broken. I was just a man to you. You were the person to help me see that I can be close to people, and that it is okay to feel. I am not good at it yet. Feeling things is hard. There are a lot of feelings to identify, after all. It’s hard for me to just use feeling words, and I have no intentions of making promises that I can’t be sure I can keep. I can promise to always avoid going to the grocery store. I can promise to intentionally set things on the top shelf because I find it funny. I promise to help raise Rosie the best I can. I promise to try to be the lovable sort of asshole. I never thought that love was something I could have. You showed me that I was wrong. When I met you, you changed my mind slowly. I wanted to show you that I can be the man you think I can be. Then you showed me that I already am. I promise to spend everyday trying to be the man you deserve. I promise to love you, I love you, John HAMISH Watson.”
He raised both his eyebrows. I glared at him. He laughed. “I’m sorry I was so dramatic,” he said.
He gave a little chuckle. He did like it. “No, I wouldn’t mind if you never had to do that again,” he said. He looked tired. He was in pain. He was probably ready to sleep. Perfect.
“Sherlock?” John called returning home.
I hate you. I am so mad. I still need you though. I will kill you, but to just be able to yell at you. For you to yell at me that you hate me. That I am irrational and that you never want to see me again, would be enough. I don’t need my happy ending of running off into the sunset together. I would be satisfied with you stabbing me in the back and leaving me for dead. Anything to have you back.
“Like hell.”
“Mrs. Hudson gave me most of the ideas,” I confessed.
“Well I figured that much. Unless you like my hands around your waist?” I said.
“No, it’s stupid. What is up with therapists and letters?” I demanded.
I sat by the door and opened the first one.
“I just like this cologne. Can we eat in peace without you trying to deduce me?” he said lightly.
“Sherlock? What are you doing?” he asked.
“Sherlock,” she warned. Her voice wavered slightly. “Don’t. I am over it. Let old dogs lie.” she said.
“I never said that!” I said. “I said love was. I never said it was disgusting! I just said I didn’t understand it! Is that really why you’ve been avoiding me? Because I insulted your ideals as a helpless romantic?” I demanded, raising my voice.
“We get cake now?” she asked.
“She won’t be for long, weddings tend to ruin marriage,” I said.
JW: Did u 2 talk?
“I won’t. We can talk about this physically, he said, throwing me some pants and turned around. I sighed. No getting out of it.
Me: Where else would I be?
“Sexy? A good kisser?” he said, batting his eyelashes. I sighed and sat next to him. “Adorable,” I said, giving him a small kiss on his lips. He smiled and so did I. I looked into those beautiful eyes that hung over the dark circles from sleepless nights. I suddied those cheekbones that could cut glass. I then ventured my eyes to his lips that were red from kissing. Perfect. So amazingly perfect.
He looked like a deer in headlights. I wasn’t sure I was breathing. I got up quickly and started doing literally anything. I couldn’t look at him. Why had I said that?
“You were being hurt, and I know you wouldn’t understand Sherlock. I couldn’t sit there and watch as he hurt you. I had to stop him, even if that was the ‘Dumb’ thing to do,” he said, looking away.
John got her to sleep while Mrs. Hudson and I cleaned up. I try to keep the place more clean now Rosie lives here. John says I’m too cautious because I got rid of anything with sharp corners. I don’t care that she isn’t tall enough to hit her head on it yet. She’s growing!
I asked our acquaintances what they thought. They gave mixed answers, but I could tell that they thought it was my fault that John was acting off. It usually was, and no one seemed to believe that I really had done nothing wrong.
I guess he noticed the expression on my face because he rolled his eyes. “Don’t make this a bigger deal. You got your confession. Now what exactly are we supposed to be doing?” he demanded.
John was spread out in his chair. Rosie did not want to nap today. It was her first birthday today. We had a small party, but when she gets excited, she doesn’t want to nap.
“How about a case?” she suggested.
“Oh?” he asked with the same little laugh he had when he was impressed, even though he was used to this now.
Prove it to him. Show him how much you care.
I hate begging. I hate everything about it. I have never been on my knees, but as I tried to smoothly pull the ring box from my pocket, I got down on one knee.
That’s not how this works though, is it? So I’m stuck hating and loving you. And trying to figure out how to live again. Will I ever be free from this? I fear not. What scares me more? Maybe I don’t want to.
My favorite part was the vows.
Why do I-
“Oh? What did they say?”
“It’s fine John, you were under a lot when I ‘Died’. It’s fine, really. We don’t-”
I could do nothing but laugh a little. All intelligent thought had gone out the window. He locked eyes with me. God I wanted to kiss him. I wanted to kiss him so badly, but he cleared his throat, and stood to the side. “Where is your flat now?” he asked. I could breathe now, but I hated it.
There are things in life that are hard to explain. Mary’s death is one of them. I didn’t love her. We weren’t together. She was someone I considered a friend. And Moriarty killing her seems unlikely, but it looks good on paperwork. There are plenty of things I don’t quite understand, but it’s been weeks. I don’t want to think of her. I don’t want to think about the woman who I had thought was my friend who tried to kill someone I loved.
He stopped, I could almost hear him thinking. “Tonight?”
“I feel something, I guess. He is my best friend,” I told her calmly. She nodded, seeming to be satisfied with this answer. I would have thought better if not for my heart pounding in my ears.
He eyed me suspiciously. “I’m not trying to have sex with you,” I promiced. “I am just saying, a movie, and you can stay over tonight. I know you have got to be exhausted.”
“I’m sorry,” she said, looking guilty and blushing from shame. “I just wanted to help. I thought if you came to terms with your feelings…” she trailed off.
“Sherlock, you know. You haven’t been acting quite right yourself?” she said.
Sherlock yawned, and was obviously upset about it. “Damn,” he whined. I chuckled. “You were shot,” I reminded him. “But the night has barely begun,” he protested. “Well we can watch a movie here,” I suggested. “You could just go home tomorrow?” I offered.
I looked at the crowd. Janine gave me a thumbs up. Lestraude nodded. My mother was crying. Mycroft made a “Go on” hand motion. Ready for cake, I guess.
“Lestraude has been looking for him for a while. I have been a little preoccupied,” I admitted, blushing as I looked through his pockets. Something was off. He couldn’t have committed all the murders alone. No. He’s too small and doesn’t seem to be as intelligent as the crimes suggest.
I remembered the night before the wedding, agonizingly clear. It was one of the worst nights of my life, which is a lot coming from me.
He looked up at me with an odd emotion I couldn’t place. He pressed something on his phone. My stomach dropped to the floor. “John?” he said. I swallowed the lump forming in my throat. I looked at him and gave him a kiss of reassurement.
He came and pinned me to the wall by my throat. I could hardly breathe. I hit a wall so hard it felt like my head was bleeding. I knew it wasn’t, but still.
“Sherlock!” John said, rushing to my side like the sweet idiot that he is.
“You know,” he said. “I don’t think that you are a sociopath, high functioning or otherwise.”
“Oh! John! It’s our time to dance!” Mary said as their song began to play. She then looked at me. Her eyes softened. “Oh but what about you?” she said to me. Her and John turned their attention back to me.
I walked over and pulled a small part of the floor up. Underneath lay my treasure. Letters. Love letters John never knew I got.
“I thought we were going to play a game?” I asked, not wanting to go to bed just yet.
“Why?” he asked, munching on a probably cold chip. “I’m not done eating yet.”
“We have that brown wrap thingy, if you think it would help your leg?” I suggested.
“You’re gonna regret that you ever stuck your nose where it didn’t belong,” he said, motioning his head to the larger one.
I watched him carefully. He was stiff and seemed a little uncomfortable. He gave me weak and forced smiles. That wouldn’t do. I had to get him comfortable. I decided to resort to Molly’s methods. Gossip.
“Where are you going?” I asked.
I think somebody threw rice, and it was probably Molly. There was so much applause. I was so embarrassed. I forgot I hated this. This was a sort of attention I wasn’t used to.
“Hello,” I said. I stuck my hands in my pockets. He looked great. I had fantasized about this for so long, but now that it was hare, I found myself completely at a loss for words. “We could still go dancing,” Sherlock said. “No, we can’t,” I told him. “Doctor says you have to take it easy.”
I sat up, and played with that thought. His being scarce could be his job? Or just simple busyness?
I agreed despite the fact that I didn’t know the game. Anything to get out of there.
“Shut up, and sleep,” I said. “It won’t be long until Lestraude and Molly come back. Remember?” I told him.
“Yes. You are,” John siad.
“I think I see it enough to know, John. Molly for example,” I said, not looking at him. I felt a deep blush that I hoped he didn’t notice. I have always blushed way too easily. Easy to flatter and to be made uncomfortable I guess. I was always teased for it growing up. I had thought that I grew out of it, but here I am again, blushing like an idiot. So humiliating.
“Let me apologize at the very least,” I said.
“It cannot be all that complicated. You just don’t want to tell me,” I said. He looked so desperate and guilty. “I am not angry, you must understand,” I said, hoping my voice was soft. “I want to know what I did. I know that I seem not to care, but in all honesty I tend not to notice when I offend someone. If I do something wrong, you have to tell me John, I won’t notice otherwise.”
I sighed and removed the remainder of my clothes. My skin was equally red everywhere the soup touched. I turned on thd tap as I heard John go into my room. I took my time showering, so he’d have time to find something that fit him. Of that was close enough to fitting him.
He giggled, and said, “Oh how thoughtful.”
“How?” I asked. If I wasn’t thinking about John, I was thinking about a case I wanted to work with John.
“Piss off Watson,” I fumbled. God this man was going to be the death of me. What was that? Piss off Watson? Was that really the best I could do? Pathetic.
“So when did you know?” Sherlock asked, after ordering us some kind of wine.
I couldn’t believe what I had read. I couldn’t believe that Mary wrote it. I thought I hid the feelings so well. It was funny how one little note or letter can change your life. So funny, I thought as I walked up to the door of 221B Baker Street. I walked inside.
“I won’t tell anyone. I do hate you came out to me because you felt you needed to give me a reason. I’m sorry,” she said.
It was my party. John insisted I have one this year. It was the perfect time to prove I wasn’t sacred, but now that I was up in front of our friends, I went blank.
Forever yours
It was long. All the hoops I had to go through. Pictures, threats, children. It was all so much. I was thoroughly exhausted. That wasn’t even all of it. I still had my speech to deliver.
I hate you because you jumped. I hate you because when you died, so did I. I said this wasn’t a suicide note, and it isn’t. I don’t have to kill myself Sherlock. I’m already dead. I died that day with you. I choose to hate you because I have to. It’s the only thing keeping me sane. I’m falling apart and the only thing that is keeping me even slightly together is my anger. Being mad is keeping me from acknowledging that I couldn’t help you. Being mad at you is keeping me from realizing that this is in some part my fault. I don’t how I could have helped you, but I would try. I would have done anything. I loved you. I loved you so much. I still do. That is what I’m the most  angry about. I love you, but I can’t think of you without seeing you on the pavement with the blood pooling around you. I hate you because when I remember you, I can’t seem to remember your pouty, sleepy face. I can’t seem to remember what you look like before.
"No clue. But if we want to find the missing girl, we need your help." He was practically begging me to help him. "What do you say John," Lestrade said folding his hands on the table. "Are you up for a new case?"
I had to resist the temptation to punch him. If he wasn't vital in my case, I probably would. "Right." I pulled out my-Lestrade's phone and showed him the picture of the "M". "Do you know the author?"
"Is there a problem, Dr. Watson?" Mary bit at me. I was confused at first, but then, too late I realized that I had scoffed out loud.
Oh I really missed this! As much as I hated this Raz guy, I couldn't help but admit I had missed solving cases. Somehow. through the rush of it all, I managed to forget about Sherlock for the time being.
"Yes hello. Very nice to meet you Mrs. Morstan." She was quite a good looking woman. She had short blond hair, eyes as blue as the ocean, and a smile you just couldn't help but smile back at. She seemed surprisingly calm, considering her friend had just been kidnapped.
I stood up, dragged myself up the stairs, and practically fell into my bed. "I miss you" I said to the darkness. The last thing I heard before I passed out, was a quiet "I know."
"Any day now" I growled at him. I just wanted to do my part with this case, and be done with it. "What this little deal you're so afraid to tell me about?"
"It's not like I have anyone to tell" I replied bitterly. Lestrade immediately regretted his choice in wording. I muffled a sigh. I don't think I'll ever be able to get over Sherlock. It was right there, in that moment, that I decided to stop. Stop trying to get over him, because it was in that moment that I realized, it was never going to happen. Because of Sherlock Holmes, I had started living again. Living life to it's fullest, never knowing what adventure would come up next. Now, because of Sherlock Holmes, I had stopped living, returning to my dull life. Boring, as Sherlock called it. In fact, this life was even worse than my old one. At least my old one had hope.
"You just wrote "still has trust issues" on your paper"
"Why would I tell you?" She asked, biting her lip.
"Cause you're a friend of Sherlock's. Any friends of Sherlock's, which isn't many, get my help. We both know if he trusts you, you're trustworthy." We locked eyes. I might have been wrong about him being stuck up. I suppose even street rats like him have a code.
"Mary!"
"Don't be dead."
"You should probably put that cup back on its saucer now, John."
"John! You're back! Where did you go anyways? Was that Raz guy helpful? Well obviously he was." Lestrade rambled on. It took me a moment to finally get his attention.
He was the last person I wanted to see. If he was expecting a happy reunion this morning, he would leave here disappointed.
"Sherlock would get up and complain that if he stayed in bed his brain would rot and then where would we be?"
You stole my line.
He snapped his fingers, and the snipers were gone.
"Go out, to dinner..." I stated slowly. "Like...on a date?!"
Sherlock's voice was clear as day in my head. And as much as I hate to admit it, he was right. Or...his voice was right. I'm here on a case. Nothing more. Mary took a few steps closer to me and before I could react, she was right next to me, whispering in my ear. "John. I know this is your first case alone." I was about to ask her how she knew that, but she cut me off. "Don't ask, Lestrade told me. Anyways, I understand you're a little nervous, but there's no reason to be." She backed away from my ear, and locked her eyes with mine. "I believe in you. You can solve this case."
"Oh nothing" she said, giving me a look that clearly said it wasn't nothing. "Mind if I have one of those?" Mrs. Hudson asked cheerfully, eyes drifting towards my small pile of pancakes.
Lestrade. No wonder she wouldn't tell me. If I had answered, it wouldn't have been pretty. It was all his fault. If he hadn't arrested Sherlock and I that night, would he still be here?
The answer to that question is: pretty damn hard. Replacing milk with water is harder than it sounds. But when I finally finished cooking, it was 100% worth it. Just as I was sitting down in my chair, Mrs. Hudson burst into our flat.
Idiot, I thought.
It's the only way you'll find him, and you know it.
Everything slowed down. I watched in shock as he fell from the building his coat flying behind him. It was all a blur. Then time sped up and before I could react he was already on the ground
"Just on time!" A peppy, male voice says as I enter the police station.
As much as I hate to say it, coming here was completely worth it. "Find the can, find the kidnapper." I whisper, more to myself than Raz.
Now his stupid voice in my head was just pointing out the obvious. Of course I had to go there sometime! I'm not ready yet.
"John are you alright? You look like you've just seen a ghost!" Mrs. Hudson had a look of concern in her eyes. I suddenly realized why she was so happy, I was eating. I haven't eaten this much since...since what happened. I realized I had been holding my fork in mid-air.
"He must have been hiding behind this bush, and knocked the pot over! That must have been the sound you heard!" I was waving my arms all over the place, trying to make a point. I had failed to notice that Lestrade had followed us out to the backyard. He looked impressed with what I had managed to deduce.
"Bit of trouble too I bet" he said to me.
Told you not to underestimate her.
"Yes he does, hello!" She bit sarcastically. "And if I ever hear you call me Tereassa it will be the last thing you say. It's Tess."
"Eat your food dear, before it gets cold."
Bad move, you have to show her you're the one in charge.
"What does he want?" I replied angerly, scratching the back of my head. There was a bump there from when I hit my head. I winced at the touch of it.
"You can't be aloud to continue. You just can't." Moriarty shook his head. "I would try to convince you but, everything I have to say has already crossed your mind." His voice changed from many different tones whilst saying this. He spread his arms out and gave a little smirk. He was enjoying himself.
I stood up, trying to add height to myself. "Very good."
"Not bad, John. And you thought you wouldn't be able to help."
"Even if I could help on the case, my answer is still no.. It reminds me too much of...him. In fact, everything reminds me of him. I can't go anywhere without thinking of him!" If my conscience was trying to guilt Lestrade, the look on his face told me it was working. I titled my head up, trying to hold back my tears. I would not cry in front of him.
"Thank you" I stated, trying to decide what to ask. Great, I went through all of that and I don't even know what to ask.
"It was Mike Stamford" Mrs. Hudson responded a little to quickly. I know from my days with Sherlock that meant she was lying. He could see through anyone with just a glance.
"Oh! Uhm, no, not at all. I was just, uhm, lost in thought, sorry." I replied almost too enthusiastically. My nerves were jumping around inside me. Why I am so nervous?
"Are you up there Sherlock...?" No answer. He barley ever answered me when he was alive, I don't know why I expected things to change now that he was dead. A tear rolled down my cheek. It felt as if a ball of darkness had swallowed up my heart. "I miss you." No response. I choked on a sob. "Dammit Sherlock! You didn't have jump. Why did you jump..." I could barely get out words that sounded relatively like English. Now that no one was around, I didn't have to stop the tears that were flowing down my face. "You didn't have to jump" I sobbed. I was about to tear my eyes away from the sky, when I shooting star flew by. Strange, they weren't normally around this time of the year. I closed my eyes, took a deep breath, and made my wish.
Right, the woman. That's why I was here. To help Mary's friend, whoever she is. Regaining my focus, I headed towards the alleyway behind Barts. Every step I took on this ground, every breath I took of this air, reminded me of him. Hopefully I wouldn't have to spend much more time here than I already have. Looking down the alleyway, I saw just who I was looking for, Raz. I was about to call out to him, but he spoke first.
There it was. The symbol that Lestrade has described. It was spray painted on the wall. The woman on the tele continued talking but I didn't hear any of it. I was lost in thought. Another person. Another person was kidnapped by this...whoever it was. That was the last straw for me. This couldn't continue. I grabbed my phone from my jean pocket, and dialed a number.
"John, you're back!" I had just arrived back at the flat to find Mrs. Hudson in my sitting room.
"Jesus. This Raz guy, is he the kidnapper" Lestrade asked, eyeing him suspiciously.
"You've seen a lot of injuries then, violent deaths?" He said this while strutting towards me.
I told you what to ask!
"Well, are we going to the crime scene or not?" I ask, trying to get to the point.
"What...oh yea I'm listening. Um, tell me more about the case." I tried to play it off as if nothing had happened.
"No. It's his sister, Teresa" I commented. Funny, how everyone always assumes it's the man who's the one to blame. I couldn't help but smile. I solved a case. Not only did I solve the case, I solved it in one day.
"Breaking news. Just last night a 30 year old man was kidnapped from his home. He was described as a tall, brown hair, white male. He was wearing blue jeans and a green, button up, long sleeve shirt. There was no evidence at his home. All the police found was this."
"Well of course I'm back, I live here don't I?"
"And why exactly should I listen to you? You're the one who drove him to...do what he did! Now you have the gull to walk into my flat and ask for my help!? Get. Out."
"So this man, you're about to introduce me to, what's his deal?" I asked. "Does he just kidnap people as a pastime?" A small smile spread across my face, but quickly faded when I noticed the lack of a smirk or chuckle from Sherlock at my sarcastic remark.
A voice sounded from the doorway. I turned around to see who the new voice had came from. Lestrade. He was standing in my doorway.
"So, Mary, uhm..." I didn't know what to ask. I spent all this time dancing around the problem and now I don't even know what to ask.
"Listen, John, I should probably just leave." I had never seen Lestrade so utterly hopeless before. As much as I hated the man, I couldn't let an innocent suffer. When I didn't respond, he stood up to leave.
"I need your help on a case."
He turned to me, forcing eye contact. "We have a code, and my sister is not going to be the one to break it. I'm sorry for all the trouble she caused you." And those were the last words spoken until we got back to Mary.
I was about to tell her she didn't have to make conversation with me, but luckily, my phone saved me. I reached for the phone to answer, but Mrs. Hudson pushed it out of my reach.
"Goodbye John."
I smiled a appreciative smile at her. Mrs. Hudson had known Sherlock for longer than I had. She's the only, well woman Sherlock had ever let get close to him.
"What's got me so excited," Lestrade says slowly, "Is that we actually have a chance on solving this case now." I didn't reply at first. Not just because I thought I couldn't help, but because of what I had said. I've spent a total of 30 seconds on a case, and I'm already talking about Sherlock. Well, I suppose there's no going back now.
"Some other time." She responded. She turned and left, and I was left standing, alone, in the dark of the night. I looked around. Raz, he must have left with his sister. I hoped everything would turn out alright for them, they're good people, behind all of their walls. I headed for my car, but on my way there, I couldn't help but look up at the stars. Seeing the billions of stars out there, you couldn't help but feel small. I remember a tale my mother used to tell me when I was younger. She told me that when you die, you join our ancestors in the stars. When my mother died, I would look up at the stars every night and try to find her, or at least some sign that she was up there.
I sat down in my chair. Sighing, I thought to myself, "Is everything going to remind me of him?" I had considered moving out many times over the past week, but I couldn't bear leave 221B Baker Street. Good memories or not.
"Lead the way" I replied.
"Yes" I replied bluntly. What was he getting at?
"Mind sharing these thoughts with me?" She replied, her sweet smile returning. This woman really was a mystery to me. She had so many different sides I couldn't keep track of them all.
I walked over to my chair and plopped in it. A flashback came to me of the first time I sat in that chair, when Sherlock dragged me to a crime scene.
I sighed and dragged myself into the bathroom. As annoying as it was, I needed someone like Mrs. Hudson now more than ever. While I stepped into the shower, I heard her voice from the sitting room. I had a short flashback of my therapy sessions.
When I reached the kitchen, I quickly discovered I had a newfound motivation. I wasn't sure where it was from, but none the less, I'm glad it's there. Smiling to myself, I decided to make pancakes. I wasn't sure why pancakes, but today just felt like a pancake day. It didn't take long to notice that I was out of milk.
"John, calm down. Breath. Fear is just wisdom in the face of danger, nothing to be ashamed of!" Sherlock was trying to calm me down, which was quite out of character of him. Never the less, it worked, so I was grateful for it. I can't let Moriarty distract me, not now. I took a deep breath, regained my wits, and turned my focus back on Tess. I was about to ask where the victims were, but Raz beat me to it. "The victims, where are they?" I was surprised with him, I've never seen his responsible side. "Ya'know what? I don't care. Just go get em' and bring em' to John."
I couldn't find him. I looked everywhere Sherlock and I had spent time with Raz, but he was nowhere to be found.
"I forgive you." The look of shock on Lestrade's face when I said those three words, was worth it all.
"Uhm...thank you. I should probably get on with those questions, yes?" There, I just had to keep my focus on the case, and all will go well.
Stepping away from me, he said "Don't mention it. I should probably show you to Mrs. Morstan now, yea?"
"You...You do?" He looked more relived then I'd ever seen him in his life. I stretched my arms out, wrapping him into a hug. "Of course I do." I whispered. "I...I'm sorry for shouting at you yesterday."
Raz walked over and started talking to her. She had jet black hair, up in a high ponytail. Her jeans were denim and ripped, and her shirt was a black tank top, with a black leather jacket over top. Her ears, nose, and lip were all pierced. Wearing an annoyed look, she and Raz made their way back over to me.
"Yes" I said, with a glare.
"Why wouldn't I be coming back?" Was I missing something? I had just gone out on a case, why was she so worried?
"I didn't want you to think I was trying to replace Sherlock." I understood. Understood why Lestrade had been treading so carefully around me. He didn't want me to think he was replacing the person whom I cared for the most. As much as I hate to admit it, I think the reason I was angry with Lestrade, was because I did think he was trying to replace Sherlock. And in doing this, he would be saying that he never truly cared for Sherlock, only used him for his brains. A sudden wave of guilt washed over me. All this time he was just trying to watch out for me.
"Do you mind if I get that?" He asked, shaking his head.
"Yes, of course. Follow me."
I stood there, puffing, trying to catch my breath. "Mary...today's been...very...hectic..." I said, taking deep breaths in between words. "But maybe...we could have...dinner...some other time..."
"Does this mean you've forgiven me?" I thought about the question for a moment. Had I forgiven him? I thought back to the events that led up to Sherlock's death. The one person Sherlock thought would never doubt him, doubted him. Everyone thought it was a fake. He destroyed him.
"Greg." I said, looking up to meet his eyes.
"John Watson I am ashamed of you. Sherlock would not want you to treat one of his good friends in this way."
"Any good?" He asked. Didn't he just leave? Why was he back?
"He must have hid in the backyard, in case someone had seen a suspicious person waiting outside someone's home in the middle of the night." Mary looked excited as I felt. Lestrade was right, she is an amazing detective. Not as good as Sherlock, of course, but she reminded me of him. Perfectly calm in a life-threatening situation. "Oh!" Mary shouted, running out of the room. I quickly followed her, assuming she was going to the backyard. "I thought I saw...Yes! Here it is, John." She quickly led me over to a smashed flower pot, just behind an overgrown bush.
"No. But I won't let and innocent suffer. Now, sit back down, and tell me about the case." This came out in a commanding tone, reminding me of my days in the army. I haven't had to use that tone since, well, the army. We both walked back over to the table and took a seat. The next thing Lestrade has to say would have even made Sherlock gasp.
"Oh" Sherlock replied. "Did you get a better offer?"
"Ah! You smell much better now" she replied, avoiding the question. Why would she avoid the question?
Impressive.
I nodded at her with appreciation. Mrs. Hudson was most likely the only person I could stand right now.
"John. John are you listening? Can you hear me?" Mrs. Hudson leaned forward and touched my arm. I looked up, but didn't fully reach her eyes. "Yes, I can hear you" I said slowly. "I'm not hungry, you can have the rest of these" I said, motioning towards the pancakes. I teared my eyes away from her concerned eyes. "I'm going to go grab a shower" I said softly. As I was leaving the room, I could have sworn I heard a feint whisper of "Oh John."
"Yes, witnesses normally help out with their cases" I hissed sarcastically.
"Soo...I'm just going to say this straight out. I can't help you with your case. I'm not Sherlock."After I had calmed down, I managed to have a civil conversation with Lestrade. He was sitting across the table from me.
"I was just going to make your morning tea" she said, looking me over. I probably looked awful. I had been in bed for a week, only getting up to drink and use the loo.
And there's nothing you can do about it.
"As good as I'll ever be at this point in the game" I said quietly, more to myself then her.
"Fibbing, Mrs. Hudson." I sometimes wonder if my super power was one of the only reasons Sherlock kept me around.
"Where are you going?!"
"Sister...you have a sister?" I asked, a shocked look on my face.
"Ohhh you're here to bother me about the kidnapping" she sneered. "Why didn't you start with that? We could have been done by now!"
"I'm a doctor let me come through." I said as I push my way through the crowd. "Please, he's my friend, he's my friend." I pushed through the people holding me back and leaned down to take his pulse. There was a look of disbelief on my face. He couldn't be dead, he just couldn't. They pulled me away from him when I felt no pulse, and I fell to the ground as they put his body on a stretcher. "Oh Jesus no. Oh god no." I couldn't tear my eyes away from his body. The paramedics pulled him into the hospital on the stretcher, whilst I was left standing in the street, in utter bewilderment.
"Want to go see some more?" He asked.
"Oh no, please. You've got the rest of your life" Sherlock replied. He waved his gun at him for dramatics.
"Layla! You're alright" Mary shouted back, running towards us. Layla. That was her name. I wonder why she couldn't tell me it before. The two women reunited with a hug. Mary was clearly trying not to cry, but Layla was sobbing all over her. All of the laughing, crying, and hugging, attracted the attention of Lestrade. Once he reached me, he immediately started asking questions.
"Right. Tess. I don't want to cause any trouble, I just want to ask some questions" I stated calmly.
"Go to sleep"
"Yes, I'm fine." I said this in a tone which clearly told him I was not up for discussing if I was alright or not, with him. "Just get on with the case already, I'm growing impatient."
"John at least hear-"
"Why would you do that?" I asked. I knew I was most likely throwing my chances of catching the kidnapper away, but I had to ask.
"It's how I make a living." Raz and I both had a look of utter shock on our faces. "People come to me, pay me to kidnap someone who pissed them off, give them a good fright."
"Jesus, you sound like Sherlock when we were investigating kidnapped children" I say jokingly. "What's got you so excited at 8 in the morning?"
Seriously? That's what he was so antsy about?
"SAY THAT AGAIN." Moriarty shouted. I had to resist the urge not to jump out of my skin. Somehow it had not frightened Sherlock. The only sign that he gave of being frightened was a little twitch of his hand holding the gun.
"Yes, of course, enough for a lifetime far too much."
"Sherlock wouldn't mourn" I told myself each morning.
"You didn't show up" I stated, walking towards him.
It was the morning after Lestrade came to our-my flat. I had told him that I need some time to think. On one hand, if I didn't help, people could die. But on the other hand, I'm not Sherlock Holmes. I doubt I would be any help to them. Well at least that's what I was telling myself. The truth is, I don't want to solve crimes without Sherlock. If I went back to solving crimes, like the good old days, I would most likely have an emotional breakdown on the crime scene. I was getting no further in making a decision, so I did what one does when they have nothing let to do. Make a pros and cons list.
"I will answer the phone. Go get a shower. Frankly dear, you smell, and if you keep it up, I'm going to have to kick you out." A smile ran across her lips. Humour, another part of human nature. We use humour to connect.
"Right." I said with a small smile. "I'll see you, some other time."
"No" I whispered. It was all I could manage to get out.
My eyes flickered from the red dot on Sherlock to Jim Moriarty, standiing only 10 feet away from me. We were so close, so close to escaping. I should have known better, it's never that simple with him.
For the record, I did laugh.
"No. Don't-"
I took a quick glance at the photo. No, it wasn't the same paint, but it was worth looking in to. "Right, thanks Greg!" I exclaimed. I began jogging away from the crime scene when Lestrade shouted "Wait! You still have my phone!"
Thinking back to it, he was the first, and only person to never slow down for me. He always treated me as just another person. Maybe that was his goal all along. To get rid of my limp, to prove a point. I wonder how my life would have turned out if i never went to that crime scene, if I never ran into Stanford that day. Would I be this broken right now?
"Good. Get some rest now, I'll be downstairs if you need anything."
"I make tea for you every morning" she replied plainly. I felt half-bad for not bothering to check on her. She was in just as much pain as I am.
Once she had left, I sat down in my chair. It was silent, and I was left to my own thoughts. I looked across from me, at the empty chair that was once Sherlock's. When I closed my eyes, I could see him, looking right back at me. He looked concerned, and that's how I knew he wasn't real. The real Sherlock never hadn't that look on his face, at least not very often.
It was truly amazing how fast one sentence could switch your focus. The woman. I had to recuse the woman. I got out of the dark alleyway I was currently standing in, rushed onto the Main Street, and hailed a cab.
Get out of my head.
I shuddered at the thought of saying something Moriarty had used against Sherlock as a threat. Removing the hand clasped over my mouth, I took a deep breath, and counted to ten, momentarily forgetting Lestrade was across the table from me. I was so lost in thought that I was completely oblivious to Lestrade calling my name.
Going out anymore is a bust, obviously. Going outside at all might be off the table, but he might be able to keep that even after tonight if he 'blackmails' the right way. They're almost out of food and only John knows the exact name of the store-brand tea Sherlock favors. He'll be damned to telling any shop-duty lackeys that little tidbit of information. Sherlock would have to choose between a dour John and wrong tea, or a semi-happy John and good tea. So that's sorted then. Now for the truly important and tricky bit; Mary.
"You know, it astounds me sometimes," John's doesn't turn to face the man who just entered the door. He just stares in stark horror at Sherlock, "how much you think you can hide from me. But I suppose that is the curse of the feeble minded, to not even begin to comprehend just how much someone of a superior intellect can read based on a person's mannerisms, speech patterns, or eye movement. It also helps when you have handsomely paid and cleverly disguised bodyguards posed as innocuous patrons. " John shuts his eyes in despair.
John recognized the voice of Moriarty headed towards the desk. He gently pressed his hand against his mouth to keep his breathing confined to his nose. He saw a small glow cast shadows around his hiding place, and heard a thump directly above his head as something was set on the desk.
"SHUT UP!" John yelled, smashing his fist against the wall. It wasn't enough. He did it again. And again. And again. His knuckles cracked, leaving a scarlet streak on the perfect wall. He switched to his non dominant hand, repeating the action until the wounds were a match. John sobbed, slumping down to his knees, clutching his head with bloody hands. His skin stings, and he pries his eyes open long enough to see that his fingernails have left bloody scratches all over his body. His ass is probably the worst. Judging by how the steady ache on the inside of him is replaced by the harsh burning across the skin of his bottom.
The bottle was close to brand new, but there was clearly some lubricant missing. John grinned at Sherlock as he gently tossed it down to him, “I guess not even your brain can stop teenage hormones.”
The hand that was hardening him slides out from John’s underwear. He’s being pushed forward, and only Sherlock’s steady grip on his shoulder keeps him from falling hard on his face. His underwear is pulled all the way down to his knees, hobbling him, which moves up his thigh to caress his exposed cheeks. There’s the snap of a cap being opened, and some frustrated shifting as Sherlock tries to slick his fingers with one hand. John knows he succeeds when a slick coolness trails its way up from his perineum to his hole.
He was glowing.
As he tumbled into oblivion, he uneasily wondered why all of this felt so familiar.
When John woke up the next morning, everything felt colorless. It lacked the softness of a faded photograph. Everything felt like it had been scrubbed raw and bleached. Stinging and harsh.
Not actual fire, of course. Sherlock wouldn't be able to see him suffer if he died. But his skin is hot. Too hot. God, he's burning up from the inside. As a doctor, he knows his brain can't boil inside of his own skull, but it's a close thing. He's clutching his sides, gasping, needing air to soothe the flames. No, no that's not right. Oxygen fuels fire. Should he choke himself? God, he can't think and it's too fucking
John’s borrowed ill-fitting clothes and Sherlock’s self-imposed starvation meant that John felt like he could crack the boy in half. Or get stabbed by one of Sherlock’s protruding ribs. After several seconds, he let go. Sherlock looked stunned, but also, though John doubted he would ever admit it to anyone, he seemed moved.
Despite Sherlock’s unnaturally scathing tone, Jim hadn’t stopped looking at John. “I believe I do,” Moriarty said. “Well then, I hope the dreadful business will be dealt with as soon as possible.”
"You should turn him on his back," rumbles a voice. Sherlock looks up from his computer, slightly shocked. Jim is also staring at Sebastian, the discharged soldier is looking at the box.
Two large portions of expensive seafood pasta, as well as delicately arranged salads were laid before them. When the servers had quickly fled, Sherlock pushed his dishes to the side while Mycroft picked at his salad. "Go on then." Sherlock drawled, "What can you possibly offer me in place of my new toy?" He spat out the last word. Mycroft's eyebrow raised, assessing this new development of Sherlock's view on the doctor.
“Strange name, for a gargoyle, John,” Sherlock muses.
"God," John whispers, and it's barely heard past the splash of water. Up and down, Sherlock tightens his grip at the base, then loosens over the head. The water quickly wipes away any precome that emerges, but that doesn't stop Sherlock's fingers from trying to spread it across his shaft. John shifts, feeling his orgasm quickly rise from possible days without human contact.
The music playing around them is simple, and their movements match that. But John can’t help but look down every couple of steps to watch where their feet go. He’s not used to this relaxation as they move in rhythm to one another.
Sherlock looked down. Blue eyes looked back up at him with trust and openness. Like Sherlock had the answer to every question in the known universe.
“How did you find this place?” John asked.
“Yes, I know you have copies, you snobby prick. It was symbolic. Whatever the fuck you think is going on, and I take the greatest petty pleasure in saying this, you are dead wrong.”
“It’s John, by the way.”
Walking into his own tiny doctor’s office, John wondered why this school even bothered with its own doctor. Most of the kids here were rich enough to have their own family physician. It was probably a section on the brochures John never read.
A sudden memory. Close, too close, dark, everything black. Need to get out. Need air. Dirty, broken nails scraping repeatedly against steel. The noise, unbearable, spurs him on until his hands are near to bloody.
John squeezes, then relents with a choked, "Just your initials." Sherlock stops the torture on John's neck. He knows what the man is referring to, but he wants to hear John say it. John's hand momentarily shakes, but it stops just as quickly.
"Shut up," John says, out loud. What's the point of trying not to seem crazy? "It's not my fault."
So, the vigilante could have exited out of the normal route, but there were people arriving fairly quickly on the scene. So, someone covered in blood would have been bound to be noticed by that many officers. At least, Sherlock hopes so. Or he's single-handedly taking over New Scotland Yard.
“Dammit,” John muttered under his breath, “please be at home.” He didn’t think he had the stomach to try this again. “Of course, that’s a Watson for you,” he said bitterly to himself, “give me sniper fire in a barren desert over talking about my own--”
"And why not?" Sherlock curtly asked, hopping in to the black designers.
This earns him a sleepy and sloppy kiss.
"Actually," Sherlock intervenes, "some first hand accounts would be rather useful." Jim gives Sherlock a sharp look, but sighs his resignation.
The masterful fingers tease over his belly, up to his chest, then across the slowly hardening nipples. John quickly forgets why he shouldn't be doing this, and gasps into Sherlock's exposed neck. The air ruffles his curls, and Sherlock shudders. John grins, and does it again with a slightly overdone moan.
‘At a’
The equally bare detective had been fiddling with positions, angles, and lighting for the past ten minutes. Every second that ticked by was another opportunity slipping by for John to come up with a decent argument against this idea. So far, nothing was going to match Sherlock’s determination and insistence.
He's halfway through his next class, drowning in his own depression, when Mr. Moriarty startles him from his spiraling thoughts.
John motioned for Sherlock to get into the car. He was ready to get home, have a beer, and forget that bizarre conversation ever happened.
Sherlock stopped opening the door handle. He didn’t turn around, but he waited for John to elaborate.
Suddenly, the whole door to his prison was opened. Central air cooled the sweat on his skin, and made the warmth of his piss all the more pronounced. It was still incredibly dark. Before he could react, John felt a pair of hands pull him gently but quickly from his cage. He could feel the combination of his own fluids run down his back to his calves as he stood up. John couldn't hold back the whimper of shame at this.
“We’ll see,” and this time it’s Sherlock’s turn to stare out the window into nothing. It’s not long before they reach their destination, which John considers a blessing. Then again, it entirely depends on where they’ve stopped.
He turned to face the entrance of his prison, and began to climb down.
"Wait, wait!" Again, common sense and modesty override his lust, though it probably helps that he's already had an orgasm. Obediently, both men stop their attentions. Though there is something, anticipatory that fills the room. Like two predators, waiting for their prey to bolt so they can begin the chase.
So he leans into the kiss, concedes by tilting his neck to deepen it. There is nothing here but his internal struggle and his outward surrender.
John opens his mouth, to either protest the endearment or just tell the man to fuck off, but he's interrupted. That happens a lot to him now. "The boyfriend thing wasn't an insult mate, it was advice."
With his bare fingers, Sherlock traces John's lips, his icy orbs following the movement. He's so close, bare inches away. It would be undeniably dull for him to kiss John now of all times. Especially when he's had a laughing fit at his expense.
"How did it go?" Jim asked, shuffling some papers on his desk.
They walk down a little ways, and now that the panic attack has mostly subsided, John is left to fret over what Sherlock could possibly have in store. He has absolutely no idea where they are in the hospital, as the more familiar smells have faded away. He doesn't even know how many floors they've gone, or in which direction.
I HAVE FANART. GO BASK IN THEIR LOVELINESS. THANK YOU SO MUCH.
“I saw Jim enter in a code. I spied on him, after I suspected your duplicity,” the lie fell naturally enough from John’s tongue that he thought himself safe.
“But, that’s,” John tried to pick up his reason after it had scattered all over the linoleum. “Surely you can catch him with that,” he nodded towards the trash, “with fingerprints or something!”
“Only if we use a belt,” Sherlock replied as he shuffled around to get comfortable.
John snorted. “Yeah, yeah, it’s what I deserve I guess. Try to be intimidating and I end up nearly flashing a student.”
Warning: Humiliation Involving Urination (I'm sorry guys)
Sherlock’s hand quickly landed over his body and pinned him to the ground. “What were you thinking?” Sherlock roared above him. John twisted himself over to face him rather than cower under the might of his fury.
The night’s previous events came rushing back all at once. Urgency gave him energy, and he snatched at the woman’s wrist before he knew what he was doing. She gasped in alarm but he didn’t let go.
John’s thoughts, slow as they were, still screeched to a halt.
That night, John told Mary the truth. “Sherlock came in today, and looked like death warmed over. After I called the paramedics he asked me to see him tonight.”
They both raised glasses of liquid amber. Sherlock said, “Something a bit stronger for us John. To symbolize our commitment to a stronger relationship.”
John waits with half held breath to see if Sherlock will roll his eyes or make John sleep in his own filth. Instead, Sherlock’s eyes widen before he chuckles in astonishment. He presses a kiss against John’s shoulder, and John is very proud of himself for not flinching away.
Somewhere along the way, he's screwed up. John's known this was a botched attempt from the get-go, but he's crossed a line now. Any chance of cordiality or (ha!) compromise is lost now.
Sherlock’s transformation back into a dragon caught John’s attention. As John’s mind tried to gather together under the onslaught of unending horror, he didn’t comprehend Sherlock’s plan. Until the dragon began digging into the cave wall.
He was coming up short on ideas that didn’t end with him getting a broken leg or worse, when he heard Sherlock yell, “You have to jump!”
He was running now. He could feel the wet grass and pavement under his feet. His gut was heavy and hard, like he had swallowed melted orbs of iron. Everything around him was such a blur, he didn’t even bother to check if neighbors were staring.
At least forming escape plans kept his brain busy. Even if they started resembling the ridiculous escape attempts of Bond films. John had no idea where he would get a carton of C-4. Or how to fashion a bomb out of chewing gum and a battery. A grin forced its way onto his face at the thought. John could do nothing else in his cell, exhausted as he was with physical activity.
He’d mistaken it for more smeared blood, but the cuts on the boy’s knuckles were distinguishable against his pale skin. As John turned around to get the bandages and antiseptic cream he asked, “So why aren’t your attackers in here too?”
"Well, your 'friend' had a silencer on the end of his gun and he attacked you in broad daylight. I mean, I only noticed because I'm used to seeing what a hidden gun looks like, but seriously, what the hell kind of mugger gets a silencer and uses it on just anybody? For that matter, what kind of mercenary kills a 'Business Associate'?"
John’s heartbeat thundered in his ears. It was only now that he realized the gravity of his gesture. “Clearly you’re trying, but I understand all the same,” John quipped to ignore the thoughts churning in his head.
“Very well then,” Sherlock said and motioned towards the carriage outside, “You’re welcome to ride with us if it will hasten your journey.”
“You shouldn’t have been walking around, you’re only just recovering,” he reprimanded.
John stares at him, gauging Sherlock's reactions to having someone else talk to him. When Sherlock continues to look expectantly at him, John hedges, "So it doesn't...upset you? Someone else talking to me?" John knows he's being blindingly obvious, trying to find out what makes Sherlock tick, but who can blame him? How is someone supposed to know the boundaries of a maniac?
“Can’t,” Sherlock murmured into John’s shoulder, “I’ve lost motor function in my everywhere.”
"Alright sir, someone will be on the way soon. What's your name?" He can't say it. Not yet. Not until he knows he's safe.
They’re just softly pressing their lips together, which is a noticeable difference from the way Sherlock’s kisses usually are. There’s always some level of hardness to them. Sherlock’s kisses are normally hasty, forceful, possessive, and involve some degree of biting. But not this one.
With something close to giddiness Sherlock shoves the vibrator firmly up inside of John again. John chokes and struggles. He still can't get hard yet, but that doesn't stop Sherlock from continuing to play with the vibrator. His gray eyes leave an invisible trail over John's body as he watches the reactions to over-stimulation. He thrusts a few more times, watching John shiver and arch. John can't help but release a few sounds, but that's the extent of it. John's not as debauched and desperate as Sherlock wants. He's not fully gone. John hasn't given himself over to sensation, to Sherlock, not quite.
“Do you ever get tired of saying that?” John asked as he tried to hide his smile.
“If I could trade you my eyes, so that you would not be plagued by such hauntings, I would do so in an instant, my John.”
Sherlock was coiled with eagerness. They met in the middle, a collision of untapped energy melting together to form a burning star. There wasn’t much John could do except to ride the solar waves and lose himself to the void.
The thought of the metal reaching so far down, touching him in a place never meant to be stroked, sends John careening over the edge.
As he sighed deeply, John knew that he hadn’t forgiven Sherlock for his words. Sherlock’s desires to keep him close to the mansion were bafflingly petty, and his remarks had been overtly cruel. It was a bitter sensation to be angry at the one person who had become his constant in the chaos.
“What do you mean?” Was Sherlock supposed to be genuinely offended by that? Or was the gargoyle…teasing him?
"Only a few questions," Sherlock said, infusing as much gentleness as he could in the few words. The man looked hesitant, then nodded. He stood tensely off to the side, ready to usher Sherlock away if the patient became too exacerbated.
“Uhm,” he coughs, “yes, please.”
“Oh,” Mary said. John couldn’t tell if she was disappointed. Maybe she was just disinterested. He wasn’t sure if he was capable of caring at this point, and he hated himself a little more for that thought.
John gave a snort of disbelief, but didn't take his eyes off of Sherlock. He was morbidly curious to see where this was going. "This," Sherlock said, "also includes your pleasure. If you do not want it, then I will not give it to you."
Jim’s skin felt as cool and dry as a lizard’s, but there was something about his touch that felt unsettlingly familiar. Before John could follow the thought, Moriarty pulled his hand away.
Sherlock smiled, “In a manner of speaking, yes. It’s really more of a side project, meant to amuse the both of us. Once we’ve perfected it we intend to license it towards more commercial purposes. Perhaps as an infestation deterrent.”
with a bleeding nose and a recalcitrant disposition.”
Sherlock went off to the study to make good on his promise. John trudged down the staircase to satiate his stomach, even while his mind couldn’t be calmed.
Sherlock smirked and said, “In a manner of speaking.” His eyes flicked over toward the straw bed.
As John removes the suit jacket from his shoulders, he is struck by the sudden realization that all of this feels…normal. He’s had a genuinely pleasant evening, and now he is going to bed with good food and champagne lingering in his stomach.
“I know what affection is, I’m not an idiot,” Sherlock said in a low tone. He was clearly angry, but he was also giving John a chance to apologize.
Jim waggled his fingers at him as he strode from the office. "Go get him big boy! Have fun! I know I did!" Seb's eyes darkened from the memories.
"Remember to breathe out love," Jim murmurs, in the exact moment that the head of Sherlock's cock breaches John's body. John's body reacts instinctively, clenching down around the intrusion. Sherlock grunts at the tight heat, but doesn't move. John may be stretched, but all of that could be ruined if the doesn't relax soon.
“Are you ever going to let that rather embarrassing social fumble go?” Sherlock asks without any real acridity in his voice.
of progress, wasted. Why? So you could have a little giggle at my expense?!" Sherlock yelled the last word, swiping his hands and letting the papers crumble to the floor. It did nothing to quell the anger in his chest, but at least Sebastian would have a hell of a time reorganizing all of that.
"I mean at this rate if you're
Sherlock laughed at that. “Well, with you as a moral compass I don’t see how I could go wrong.”
There is a tiny camera fitted with night vision and a microphone in front of John's face on the inside. There is a live stream, much like last time. Sherlock had finally been fortunate enough to watch John's realization, then his attempt at keeping it together, then his despair second by glorious second. It is a shame the color is affected, and he can't see John's expressive blue eyes, but it is a small price to pay.
Someone wedged themselves underneath him, and he gladly leaned his weight into the support. “Yes, alright, wait until we’re inside before you collapse,” she grunted, “Billy, bundle up and take the horse to the stable before it bolts or dies of cold.”
John would have hoped for a sooner arrival, but maybe even that was a blessing in disguise. With time, he could wait out his own suspicions. He could go about his daily life and observe any further discrepancies. If none arose, all the better for it. John would gladly take a diagnosis of feverish delusions if it meant he could go back to the peaceful state of before. If incidents continued to occur, then John could gather the instances as evidence while he collected physical clues. He would present them to the former doctor, who would serve as a credible source to authorities.
She spoke in a tone even softer than her leaf-rustle whisper. A string of numbers that he didn’t understand, and then, “I have sealed my fate now. It is time. They are coming.”
“Bit of advice, Mr. Watson-Holmes,” Moriarty had never called him that before, and it sent ice racing through John’s veins, “when you’re trying to be subtle about your thievery, be careful that it doesn’t leave a trail.”
"Oh, really?", Sherlock's teeth shine in the light. "
Sherlock pushed John onto the bed. The other man laughed as he bounced on the mattress. He still didn’t understand. Sherlock placed his hands over John’s when he began to unbutton his own damp and slightly singed shirt.
“Well, clearly you have good taste, since you seem to appreciate my genius.” It was Sherlock’s turn to look teasing.
“Greetings, interloper,” the dragon’s voice rumbled so low loose rocks shook, “it’s wise of you to spy on me for weaknesses. Less so to remain downwind and without weapons.” It, no, John supposed it was a ‘he’ with a voice like that, tilted his head like he expected a response.
John was interrupted from his suppositions by Sherlock walking through his door. He carried a lit candle, which casted his features into an even sharper distinction. He smiled when he saw John propped up against the pillows. Normally the sight would have filled him with affection, but instead John felt a strange apprehension. He forced it away, and blamed his unnatural fears on his overtaxed mind and body.
The stars begin to show themselves in the twilight sky, and the last dash of red sun on the purple backdrop of sky is nothing less than breathtaking. If nothing else, at least Sherlock will have gotten a magnificent view out of-
“Actually, Moriarty, although your powers of observation are just as impressive as my husband’s, there’s one point that I must correct you on.”
John felt Sherlock’s tongue travel from the tip of his cock, down to his balls, and then he went lower. Shock opened John’s eyes when he hadn’t even known they were closed. “Sherlock?” John called out questioningly.
Sherlock smirked, "That isn't quite how it works John. Touching you brings me pleasure, and I won't deny myself simply because you ask. You are here solely to please me. I don't have to grant the same right to you. I will only do that if you ask for it."
, the Voice whispers. But John doesn't respond and just keeps eating.
With sorrow, disappointment, and resignation forming a rock in his throat, John said, “I won’t be your trinket Sherlock.”
He was too distracted by the laughter.
Eventually, even Sherlock’s not sure what the catalyst is.
Sherlock reaches across the table to hold John’s hand, and he’s too stunned to pull away, “I do try to give you what you want as well as what you need. I can never promise you that what you want will always come first, but I can promise you that it is a factor. If enduring over salted food is a way to make you more comfortable, then it is no true inconvenience to me.”
John blinks. At a complete loss of what else to say, he can only half choke an incredulous, “You’re joking.”
The space isn't a particularly great one for the use of a quick escape. The trapdoor still remains open, but he would have over fifty feet to cover in order to dive down back to the stairs. His only other option offers a higher mortality rate than just confronting the beast.
John huffs out a bitter laugh, "The kind you can't seem to get away from." He wonders if he's being difficult for giving such a vague answer to an obviously curious man. But the giant just laughs the same way as John.
John wasn't cracking.
John feels the sting on his cheek before he sees Sherlock's hand move. His head whips to the side from the backhand, and he bites back the grunt that threatens to spill forward. "But intolerable," Sherlock ends. He flicks away the rest of the spittle and nods to one of the men beside John. "I'd keep your tongue behind your teeth if I were you," the madman advises.
"Ah, good," Sherlock says, to himself, but loud enough for the man to hear him, "you don't have any diseases. Means I don't have to wear the goggles." He puts down the clipboard and dons thick scrubs, and full length blue latex gloves. He hates the outfit, but he hates bloodstains on expensive shirts even more. He could've changed, but one of Jim's lessons is that the first step of torture is to set the mood. Give off enough terrifying atmosphere, and the weak ones will already start confessing.
“Sherlock,” John said with a tone of gentle regret, “no.”
He didn’t need instruction of where to meet Sherlock. As he trudged toward the desiccated meadow, he wondered what would have happened if he had arrived just a little sooner. If he hadn’t ignored the signs and had tried to intervene earlier, if this all could have been avoided. Had Sherlock been waiting for him after each incidence, and had been driven to such extremes in a desperate bid for his attention? How long had he waited before John had walked into the clearing earlier? John supposed he’d never really know, for he certainly wasn’t about to ask Sherlock.
John moans again, and it is laced with despair. Sherlock shakes with the vibration. He thrusts a few more times, and John thinks he's going to come down his throat. He's not sure if he can stand that thought, despite everything he's already been through. But it doesn't happen.
“Don’t bother. I’m not going to spy on your brother just because you don’t trust him enough.”
He turned around, plate and a cup of tea in hand, when he started at the intense stare on Jim’s face. “Something troubling you dear boy?” Jim asked as he snapped his papers back into form, “You seem awfully agitated this morning.”
He tilted John’s face up with both hands cupping his cheeks. John expected a kiss, but Sherlock just continued to look at him, as if he were committing his features to memory.
As he walked back to the house, John knew himself and his companions too well to know he’d be able to fool them for long. He couldn’t keep a neutral façade when his instincts and reason were at war.  So he pulled aside a servant, and told them to deliver a message to the other two lords that he’d be indisposed for the rest of the evening.
Credit for this prompt goes to zello, who commented on the last chapter that they would enjoy seeing John being sounded. I enthusiastically agreed.
John's a little confused. This sounds like one of their 'sessions' only more...prolonged. John's thinking it can't possibly be that easy until the fingers brush against his gland. He moans, arching his neck. The angle makes Sherlock's grip even tighter, but John doesn't care. The long digits hit him over and over again. John's toes curl, and his jaw clenches from pleasure.
As Sherlock manipulated his spit slick hand, John couldn’t help but remark, “We’ll overtax my clothes this way.”
Sherlock shakes above him, overcome by John’s helplessness and his desperation. It’s such an intoxicating combination, and one that he savors like a sommelier with a rare wine. John’s cock flops against his belly, and when Sherlock manages to thrust against John’s prostate, it dribbles a little more liquid onto John’s stomach.
Jim stands up, exclaiming, "Oh, how silly of us Sherlock," John startles again when he realizes he just heard Mr. Holmes' name for the first time, "Johnny needs some water. You take a breather, I'll be right back." He's out the door in an instant, and John's somewhat startled from the sudden departure. He leans back in the chair, and raises a hand to his throat and rubs. Now that he's stopped, his voice feels close to raw. He wonders if he'll be able to speak tomorrow.
“’S, alright,” John’s voice slurred beside him, “it hurts, but it won’t become infected or scarred or anything. I really need to remember that you’re a biter.”
Irritation prickled up John’s neck. He wished for physical buttons that he could press with force instead of a flat screen he had to tap, ‘Sure, that’s why I’m texting you for a lark when I made it perfectly clear how much I don’t like you.’
John fills the kettle with water and prepares some toast. He can't help the occasional glance over his shoulder, but Sherlock isn't paying attention to him. He makes a few notes on a pad of paper beside him, and cuts up something crystalline onto a slide. John knows he's the only one who's achingly tense from all of the unspoken things hanging in the air. Sherlock, as usual, just ignores it. When it's ready, John habitually places a second cup of steeping tea beside Sherlock's arm. He sits down across from him, and picks up yesterday's paper. His eyes can hardly process a sentence. Idly, he thinks that he just burned his tongue on his tea, but he barely even has a sense of taste right now anyway.
“So, you’re given an allowance. You live on your own, and you don’t seem to have parents in the picture. At least not ones that are willing to help you.”
The documents contained the same information, yet everything had been altered in some way. The changes were minimal, but undeniable. What John was holding was nothing more than legal transactions. Even the notes attached to the pages had been changed to become innocuous.
In a sudden bout of modesty, he tries to bring up his hands to cover his chest. In between the two men who see everything, he feels rightfully vulnerable. But both men catch different wrists before he can wrap them around himself.
John releases a stream of air from his nose, and opens his mouth.
Sherlock huffs a laugh as well. “I would say that I’m sorry to have given you such a fright, but I’m really not.” It’s not that he hasn’t seen John scared recently. Quite the opposite in fact. Dread clings to John like heady cologne, ready to evolve into terror at a second’s notice. He certainly hadn’t meant to keep John on a knife’s edge for so long, but that is the result of his presence.
The softness of their lips molded together, and John parted his mouth for deeper access. Sherlock obliged, softly playing at John’s tongue with his own. John moaned lightly at the feeling, and spread his legs in an instinctive response.
When Sherlock felt his orgasm approach, he laid himself flat across John’s back. One hand laced itself with John’s fingers, the other tipped John’s chin up so they were both staring directly at the camera lens.
“Certainly,” John nodded, and thought the situation thoroughly defused. Until Sherlock opened his mouth to say, “John really can’t get up to anything else in his state.”
John's looking back at Pickner, and Sherlock wishes he would just shoot him already so the slug is no longer the center of John's attention. John's still grinning while Pickner is looking back and forth like he can't believe that two men are casually having a discussion while his arm is hideously misshapen.
It didn’t stop ringing for several hours, and someone was constantly at their door. The local press, and even some not-local reporters, had finally gotten the address and number of Doctor John Watson, the only other witness to an intensive standoff with a drug gang. The first witness was a minor without a known legal guardian, and therefore couldn’t be questioned.
Jim had been right. John gained a far more comprehensive knowledge about the medical field than he would have if he had been left to his own devices.
“It’s one of the ones with the least amount of dust, and the spine has some creases. You’re often unable to watch movies with Mrs. Watson due to your conflicting schedules. So when you decide to watch a film alone, you usually pick this one, or one like it. It wasn’t difficult to figure out.”
John had laughed and told her that wasn’t necessary. Molly had been grateful he understood. After that, they shared stilted small talk while they completed their respective amounts of paperwork. Intermittently she’d leave to go walk the halls, to get some exercise and make sure no one needed any help.
The boy gave him another searching look, like he was waiting for John to figure out the answer to his own question. And John does, because there’s only one way that bullies would get away with wailing on a classmate in a school as regulated as this one.
It has been damnably quiet for a grand total of FIVE days. And Sherlock is starting to lose his mind. Which is absolutely unacceptable.
He crept out of the room, slowly picking up his pace as he headed for the exit. It wasn’t until he was outside in the freezing night that he realized he was still holding his candle. Without a thought, he tossed it into the snow.
John swallows, and says, "Leave her be, or no sex."
Warnings for Mental Torture
He slumps forward, burying his face in John's collarbone. He's not normally exhausted after an orgasm, but these last few days have taken their toll on him as well. John makes no move to push him off. Instead, he runs his fingers idly through Sherlock's hair, perhaps not even noticing what he's doing.
But with the passage of time, came the insistent need pressing against his bladder. The sweat which rolled down his back just made it worse. John shifted, back scraping against the metal. He tried to concentrate on anything else, feeling himself swell on the inside. When the urgency tipped into desperation, John began banging on the door again. He needed out. He needed release. God, this was too much. Was Sherlock really going to put him through this?
It takes Sherlock a full second to realize the man is walking away from him. Immediately he starts following him. He's definitely not going to lose the most promising catch he's had all evening. The blonde man is darting around the patrons, heading straight for the bar. Sherlock thinks for a moment he's just another customer, but his slouched shoulders and determined stride don't match up. Sherlock looks ahead to the woman he's heading towards. She's practically drooling over the counter with a whiskey in one hand and a clearly dead mobile in another with the mystery man's matching hair colour.
John stepped to the side to let her pass him. He followed her up to the front door in silence. This was the time to start profusely apologizing, or to begin begging that she stay. He should be laying out all of the reasons why her going on a trip by herself was a bad idea. Why they should sort this out now, before she had the time to stew over it and let it fester.
Sherlock was sure, that in her mind, her intentions were noble. Perhaps a patient had even begged her to make it painless, to make the suffering stop before they lost whatever scraps of dignity they had left. At some point, she stopped looking for requests, and decided for herself.
“I don’t care about the size of the room,” Sherlock had said when she’d tried to put them in the largest suite, “just make sure we’re as far from any other residents as possible.”
John swallowed around the prickling in his throat. “That is quite the admirable hero you’ve painted; however, I must point out one fault in the comparison.”
It ceases its prattling of figures and facts and halts. Because it refuses to compute what unmistakeably just happened.
“No,” the word left with John’s disbelieving breath. Then the realization that this was all more than just a feverish nightmare fully awakened John’s desperation. “No!”
“What…how do you know that?” John asked in shock.
John didn’t bother saying thank you again, which she seemed used to. He strode in and shut the door behind him.
John bite out, "Yeah, I'll just stick to wanting to bash your skull in with my bare hands."
“John, stop, stop!” Sherlock rushed to his side. “Easy, you’re safe. You were experiencing another episode.” He ran a cool hand over John’s sweating forehead.
He confessed his thoughts to Sherlock, who was both fond and reprimanding of John’s forgiving nature. “It fills me with pride to know you have such an honest and kind heart my husband, but I often worry that it will be your ruin one day.”
“No way is the father related to that child. More than likely it’s the grocer the wife keeps sharing discretionary glances with.”
He's torn from his spiral when he hears a woman scream. John doesn't like to think he perked up, but he did rush to the sound in a hastier fashion than normal.
He only realizes he's been gently thrusting in the air when he brushes Sherlock's leg with his groin. John pulls back, overcome. He doesn't see the greedy smile Sherlock wears when he repeats the stimuli. John's hands jerk in their bindings, desperate to grab, to hold. Sherlock continuously brushes his leg teasingly over John's erection.
His self control shreds itself to tatters when Sherlock rubs his long fingers over John’s prostate. There’s barely any pressure, and it still feels like he’s going to burst from the inside. His cock throbs in renewed urgency, twitching so hard that John can feel it smack under his belly.
Sherlock snuck a kiss against the shell of his ear, “Anything for you.”
Luck had been on their side that night. His fireball had broken open a rusty water pipe in the building. The water had been black with stagnation, but it had served its purpose.
John blinked, and looked around. The teenagers had all been handcuffed and driven to holding. The officers who hadn’t been in those cars had left with their chief to go bring in the ringleader. Hopefully, before he received word of his little gang’s mishap.
...I think I have issues.
John lifted his cup in a small salute and said, “Well then, cheers.” He sipped at the concoction. Just because he trusted Jim that it wouldn’t be harmful didn’t guarantee it would be palatable. Surprisingly, it was a lovely flavor. It shared the same earthiness of dark teas, but it was overshadowed with gentle flowery notes. Without asking, John knew his tea had been sweetened by Sherlock before he’d poured the liquid, but he doubted the drink even needed the sugar.
Sherlock jerked in his seat. He seemed to suddenly remember where he was, and shook his head. “I’m fine Doctor Watson. Just some restless nights.”
John looks at him incredulously, “You can’t be serious.”
It’s a short distance to the bed and Sherlock practically tosses John face first onto the sheets. John takes in great gulps of air, feeling every mark rub against the bedding, and doesn’t pay much attention to Sherlock’s actions until there’s a slick finger pressing inside of him.
“Oh, I see. You assumed that I wouldn’t approve of it.”
The pleasurable buzz in his veins had evaporated. Once again, John was a potent mixture of anticipation and nervousness. Sherlock’s hands ran over his backside, not in an erotic caress, but a comforting one.
Their continued conference was going to look odd to the outsiders, so Sherlock named his conditions while he could.
Sherlock didn't need to comment on Jim knowing his doctor's name. Of course he would have already looked John up after getting his face on the CCTV camera.
"What is it?" He honestly looks perplexed, and John has to get his breath back times before he can respond.
Curiosity grabs John by the common sense again and he asks, "Why'd he cut off that finger?"
Sherlock's been running his hand up and down John's back this whole time. John presses his forehead briefly to the porcelain for stability, then pulls back. With shaky legs, he stands up and heads to the sink. Sherlock tries to help him up, but John shrugs out of the hold. He flinches when he realizes it, expects some retribution, but Sherlock is silent. He just watches intently as John rinses out his mouth with sink water.
John thinks about giving the biggest "Fuck you" he can accomplish, and just sit on the damn bed. But he stops himself. This is a perfect opportunity, and he doesn't even have to do anything. Just concede and sit, right?
Sherlock had received a text about an hour ago that had the man grinning in a way John hoped to never see again. Before leaving in a frenzy of coat and mumblings, he'd left instructions to John on how to operate the intercom, (John had barely held back the snort at that. Like he's had nothing else to observe here) and left him a burner phone with Sherlock's number to text him during an emergency.
“A step in the right direction,” John prompted, “since I haven’t been asked like a normal person. Maybe I actually have no idea what you’re talking about.” He nearly tapped his foot in expectation, but decided that would be overdoing it. He wasn’t this boy’s father, he reminded himself. He was just a concerned neighbor, who was helping when it was clearly needed.
One of the worst, and yet most arousing moments, was when he was present enough to realize that both men were nearing their climax. He felt Jim’s rhythm dissolve into a more erratic tempo. Sherlock was gasping and moaning deeply above him, arching himself to impale John’s throat ever deeper. As John reflexively gagged around him, the stimulation was enough to cause his husband to spend himself down his throat.
John smiled at him, and leaned in to kiss him. When he pulled away, he realized that what Sherlock had artfully
Once again Sherlock stops short. A cane? One that's been around long enough for even the drunk to pick up on its absence? Psychosomatic limp then. One that goes away when he views a pub as a metaphorical extraction site. The thought brings a smile to his lips. This is actually getting fun. But the very brief rush of "rescuing" his sister is already wearing off. When John tries to take a step with his right leg, the soldier gives a pained shout that he cuts off before it even has time to echo down the alleyway.
John’s mind is alight with the chances of his refusal being a trap. But then a part of him, the quiet part that’s been growing since their easy conversation started, asks why he would consider refusing in the first place.
John was no stranger to star lit skies, as that had been one of his favorite things during his time in Afghanistan. He’d seen it become so full of stars that it looked fit to burst, ready to spill crystalline chips onto the ground if only someone could find a thin place on the fabric of the sky to rip it all open.
Apparently the two had planned to confront and drag him back alone, for there were no servants waiting to ambush him on the other side. The glass in his foot continued to stab at him as he ran. He could not continue like this.
When Sherlock comes back a minute and a half later (the damned thing had rolled under his desk and Sherlock had nearly flipped it in frustration), John is lying on his back, with his hands clasped in front of his exposed stomach.
Sherlock went very still. Since John wasn’t being punched or thrown out, he thought he might as well continue. “I mean, about what happened on the hill. It wasn’t—I mean, it certainly could have gone better. I should have--”
, John repeats, going back to cleaning himself.
He reached inside of his jacket to pull out a folded up newspaper. John didn’t need to see the headline to know it was this morning’s report. Mycroft looked down at the print and read, “The local genius was assisted by his school’s physician, Doctor John Watson. Who, at this time, has not responded to our requests for an interview. All that is known about him can be gleaned from his social media, which is sparse at best. We are only able to report that he has worked at Gladstone Academy for less than a year, and lived in London prior to his arrival.”
Those sharp eyes lock onto him, and John chokes out, "Yes, sir! Thank you! I-thank you so much!" He's so overwhelmed with relief that he misses the predatory glint in his teacher's smile.
“Oh, Jesus! Yes, go John. I don’t know why you didn’t just call me to tell me!”
John smiled, even though he didn’t think Sherlock entirely deserved to see it for taking the piss. He laced his fingers through Sherlock’s again, and kissed the back of a pale hand.
Sherlock’s hands move down to open up John’s trousers as he mouths the words into John’s shoulder. Sherlock stops removing them long enough to slide a hand down the fabric. He gently cups and fondles John’s sac, smiling slightly when John begins to squirm.
Sherlock pulls back, and those silver eyes regard him shrewdly. John's too busy paying attention to the pupils that are so blown they minimize the color into tiny grey slits. Behind him, Jim giggles into the back of his neck. "Oh, we do like you Johnny. There is a delightful spark in you. It's just waiting to be, hm, stoked."
Perfect.
But after a night of romantic clichés and assurances that nothing untoward would happen to you, I was hopeful that you would accept my offer. And here you are,” Sherlock smiled in gentle triumph.
“John,” Moriarty’s voice had turned so unequivocally gentle that it caused John’s stomach to roil, “I do not believe I can adequately express the depths of my disgrace. I saw what you were hiding, had even smelled it due to my superior olfactory senses, and the worry I felt over your possible harm overrode all rationality.”
It seemed a cruel joke of God, to allow a man to grieve for the same person twice over. He covered his mouth to push back the sobs that threatened to spill forward. John still had work to do. Whatever grave sacrifice Harry had made, he would not let her information go to waste.
Both men share wicked grins and Jim speaks first, "I don't know Sherlock, he's already come once. Is he being too greedy?"
And this begins my addiction to cliffhangers.
“Thank you,” John said sincerely.
When he turned around to get into bed, he froze. This time, the grin Moriarty bore was an exact replica from the one of his dreams, “Your wish is our command, Johnny-boy.”
“No,” John tried to yell, but it turned into a choked squawk as he leaned backward in the same second. Sherlock unintentionally fell forward, but the teen caught himself on his hands.
It covered John’s mouth and nose before he could scream. His eyes grew heavy, his body begged for a respite never given, his mind was twisting itself into a Gordian knot, and beneath it all, John wondered how long he would last.
John practically ran for the locked section. The key was warm from his hand, but his fingers were clumsy with lingering cold. He slid it into the padlock, and when he heard the click of the mechanism releasing, his heart skipped a beat.
Remembering his time in the greenhouse reminded him why exactly he’d spent such an arduous amount of time there. Horrific imaginings appeared secondary in dread, when compared to the upcoming confrontation.
He was just so delightfully amazing while being completely innocuous. He wanted to see how John Watson interacted with the world before he broke him down and kept him solely for himself. It was the easiest thing to locate not only his address but also his place of work. Sherlock had once again been treated to a wonderful paradox of John Watson when he found out his preferred occupation. An army doctor, a killer and a healer. The discovery had left Sherlock grinning like a loon, yet the clinic's sole purpose seemed to be to keep John occupied, not bring him any enjoyment. Likewise, his tiny flat was a roof over his head and a warm place to sleep, not a home.
John barely makes a sound in response. With fingers clumsy from release, Sherlock removes the strap from the bound foot, and pulls John into a sitting position.
His breath is echoed back at him, almost instantaneously. The heat fans across his face in a cloistering caress. John thought his eyes had been closed this whole time, but he realizes he's had his eyes opened ever since he remembered Angelo. It's pitch black in front of him. John moves his hands, which were lying straight beside his body. He's able to get them about a foot in front of him before they're stopped by a solid wall. Cold sweat breaks across John's forehead.
"And what did you tell her?" He can't tell from Sherlock's tone if he's on dangerous, possessive territory or mild interest anymore. Best to go with honesty. Playing coy will only land him into deeper trouble if Sherlock's not feeling playful tonight. John slides the tomatoes into the crisper drawer, ignoring the bag of human thumbs. He hopes the fresh blood smell doesn't permeate the vegetables.
Soon, the strain on his body is too much for John to bear. He feels like he can’t breathe, that he’ll soon pass out from exhaustion in a crumpled heap.
“Careful,” Sherlock warned, “this is an agreement Jim. Don’t sour it.” He tugged John’s clothing off and tossed it aside.
Sherlock whipped open the door, and Lestrade cried out in shocked embarrassment and turned to face away. Sherlock wasn't wearing any trousers yet.
Lestrade enters the room, and he executes a very well worn sigh when he spots Sherlock's prone form. "Sherlock," Lestrade says, voice laced with the silent plea to not be too much of an arse, "it's different this time."
“Well, Trevor sounds like an arsehole,” John said in a desperate attempt to relieve the tension.
The ghosts were silent.
He felt two hands wrap around his length. The length and shape of the fingers were so disconcertingly different that they had to belong to both of the men that were taking him apart. They fought for strips of skin to caress and flesh to tug. One hand with artful fingers pulled gently at his sac, while others callused from writing rubbed over the peeking crown of his dick.
John grabbed a wrist that was still holding onto his hip, and pulled it up and up until Sherlock was forced to lay flush against his back. He felt better then. Cloistered, hot, and uncomfortably sweaty, but he still felt infinitely better than being alone in a prison of pleasure.
Mycroft cleared his throat to break the silence first, and continued. “After he recovered, for what had to have been the third time, I gave him an ultimatum. He could either go to a rehabilitation facility and experience controlled mundanity day in and day out, or he could move into a new town where no one knew of his…incidents, and keep his own nose clean. Under my discreet supervision of course.”
“Sorry, did you just say ‘boring’ murders?”
“Please, as if I would need to be as ostentatious,” Sherlock rolled his eyes.
Though of course Sherlock knew that was an entirely unfounded statement. Jim had become much less amorous with his attentions ever since he had acquired one Sebastian Moran. Before, Jim had been hellbent on bedding Sherlock. To him, sex would have been the final way he could have Sherlock completely, not content that they were fantastic "business" partners.
He made some strangled sound that Sherlock took as a reassurance. Then John’s dick was enveloped in a warm and wet heat. John didn’t shout this time, because the air had left his lungs. He gripped the sheets for dear life, and that reminded him that he was surrounded in Sherlock’s scent. He was writhing in a place that was completely overtaken by Sherlock’s presence. He wasn’t an intruder, but a welcome guest that was being enveloped by spearmint and linen.
Moriarty had offered, in great confidence and sympathy, to have John examine his room for the evidence of his little experiment. Yet John was planning more subterfuge. Was Sherlock right, in that he had become so desperate out of boredom, that he was finding monsters in the shadows made by the light of their companionship?
John remembered that he wasn’t actually alone. He looked over at Sherlock, who wasn’t looking at the stars.
“You really do eat when I’m asleep. You hide the good food like someone on a diet trying to shovel down ice cream at three in the morning. ” John gasps around his laughter. “Oh my god, this is unbelievable. My food’s never tasted different; do you eat it all at once?”
He left work early when he realized he wouldn’t have a whole lot of time to get ready. He should freshen up a little bit, change clothes at least. When he made it home and was rifling through his closet, he stopped. What the hell was he doing?
When John reaches up to loosen his tie, he is stopped by a hand curling around his wrist. John turns around to face Sherlock, careful not to tug against Sherlock’s grip.
Sherlock follows them, out of the pub and into the alley. Harry's grating voice is still continuing as John (obviously not "Johnny" just as much as her name is actually "Harry") clambers down the pavement for a cab. "What happened to your cane Johnny?" she stumbles again and nearly threatens to knock them to the ground, but John reacts quickly and rearranges their balance. The question seems to startle John from the way his shoulders tense up, but he gives a modest reply. "Guess it's just not acting up today Harry, Jesus, at least attempt to walk straight for me okay?"
Rock doesn't move.
“Seriously, Sherlock, off you go. If you’d like I can give you a ride back home after school.”
“What I’m trying to say, is that you hardly, hell, you
Sherlock grinned at him, and John smiled back.
Sherlock tilted his head to the side, “It wasn’t?”
Sherlock huffed an annoyed breath, “I have done this before you know.”
“It’s not worth it, it’s not worth it!” The man blubbered. “This was all a mistake, a big mistake. We just needed the money! Let us leave, please!”
“If you stay the night, I’ll stop by tomorrow during my shift, and check in on the both of you,” Mary said.
He pockets the thing, not wanting to attract attention of the metal clanging down the steps if the guards have already come back. He pulls on the latch, keeping one hand on the door in support. When the latch is pulled free from the wall, the weight of the door is suddenly intense, and Sherlock grunts under the pressure.
“No more fabric then,” John took a deep breath to soothe the unsteadiness in his voice, “no more clothes. Since it clearly makes you more irritable than usual.”
His own dick was thickening despite himself. As he was bounced, it slapped against his stomach or the top of his thighs. He felt Jim’s hand move from the crest of his hip to his hardened flesh, and didn’t protest when those clever fingers curled around him.
“I would say you’re headed down a slippery slope. But you’re already at the bottom of the trench. What remains is to climb back up before you sink any further into the muck.” Mycroft had not moved from the doorway, oddly enough.
Sherlock loves the way the words ghost over his own mouth like satin ribbons in a gentle breeze. John’s body is clearly as taut as it will go, and he’s just waiting for the right moment to snap. Sherlock murmurs back to John, “It’s alright. Let go. I’m here.”
He doesn't see the little triumphant smirk Sherlock sends Jim's way. The shorter man scowls. This totally counts as foul play, John wouldn't have turned away if Sherlock hadn't made noise.
John looks at the ceiling as if he’s deeply considering the answer, “Nope. Probably not.”
John nodded and smiled reassuringly, although he knew it was a watery and insubstantial example.
"The police are already on their way," John spurts. He realizes that maybe he should've kept silent about that, but it's too late now, "You won't be able to-"
“Sherlock, really,” John insisted, stopping in his tracks. “It’s my fault he’s gone. I didn’t come to check on him and he probably got into trouble with those same thugs I came across. They might’ve tried to rob him and some other ghastly business occurred. We truly need to-”
Sherlock hears John tread down the steps, heading straight for the kitchen to make an afternoon cuppa. It’s John’s day off, and he’s forced to spend it indoors with the maelstrom raging outside.
The dragon’s scales appeared black at first glance, but every reflection of the sun revealed an indigo shimmer. The long serpentine body slithered across the ground. Sinewy legs ending in black talons crushed any obstacle.
Sherlock taking an intense interest in John’s eating habits isn’t anything new. So John ignores the chill in his veins and says, “You should finish your food.”
John's alone in the span of two minutes, and he hasn't moved from his seat. He looks up, and Mr. Holmes is behind his desk, typing something onto his computer. John would say that the man doesn't even know that he's here, but that's not true. John's half convinced the man knows everything. He just hopes that his wayward crush isn't one of those things.
When he reached the stable doors, he finally dared to look behind. There were not two pairs of hands rapidly descending on him. Nor could he see their silhouettes rapidly gaining. Perhaps they hadn’t seen his footprints or blood trail in the confusion of the fight and the blizzard. He could barely even see the mansion’s outline, and there didn’t seem to be any candles or gas lamps illuminating the windows.
John really wished, for the thousandth time, that he could figure out when it had begun to deteriorate. Perhaps he could rekindle their marriage, if only he knew the exact moment it all went wrong. Although, he bitterly and honestly thought, he’d be better off wishing for a time machine, to stop his fool of a younger self from going off to war.
"Yeah, sorry, I really did mean to call, looked you up and everything, but works been busier than hell lately with the flu that's been spreading. Oh, you don't need to call the police, I had one of the nurses phone someone when I saw you being led off." That's...inconvenient, but the police don't know who Sherlock is and have no reason to suspect him of anything. Pickner knows better than to talk, though it will hardly save him from the "tragic accident" that will occur later that night at the hospital.
"And don't worry, you're not in the incompetent hands of a novice," Sherlock turns and walks slowly towards the screaming man, "I have had a lot of practice."
John glances at the cameras, to see if Sherlock is watching his every move like the little guinea pig he is. Nothing. The light is off. The steady blinking red has now been transformed into solid black. That...means something good? Right?
"Ah, so you do remember me." Sherlock griped, reaching for his phone. Let John think he was calling the police, he had some people that could make this disappear. John finally looked at him, his eyebrows raised in surprise before he broke into a grin.
There was blessed silence from the other half of the bed. Then Sherlock moved closer so he could drape his arm over John’s torso. There was a small kiss to John’s ear, and then a whispered, “Spectacular?”
“Thank you very much but I’m not his--” but Angelo had already walked away, apparently spotting an old friend of his. Or perhaps it was just another stranger that he hoped to get to know.
Eyes that John has only seen in pretty polished stones gleam when they run over his figure. John's wings flutter in self-consciousness. To be fair, under Sherlock's scrutiny, all beings feel exposed.
"Sherlock, please," the man interrupts, "I think we're well past the point of formality by now John." He grins at John's embarrassed flush, and waits patiently for him to make his point.
John blushed even deeper from arousal and indignation, “I don’t have to…to help with
John continued to pull at the length of chain he had. His feet slid along the bottom of the bed pit. He leaned back with all of his weight, but not once did Sherlock relinquish his hold.
With that reminder, Sherlock pulled his fingers away. He moved to kneel on his knees as he shoved his nightclothes aside. He exposed himself fast enough that his member lightly slapped John’s face. A trail of precome glistened on his cheek like a wayward tear.
"Well yeah, he seemed like he was going to shoot you on the street if there wasn't so many people around." He shrugs while saying it, like it was completely normal to rush in to a scene involving firearms while rescuing a man that he barely knows. It hits Sherlock like a freight train. Unbelievably, he already has this man's trust. He doesn't know why, and maybe John isn't even aware of it, but John's only a few encounters away from complete friendship (love?) and loyalty. The decision strikes him with sudden finality. He's taking John, tonight, no more waiting.
John paused in signing his name to look up in bewilderment at her, “Excuse me?”
Jim stared at Sherlock before he beamed and said, “Of course! How silly of me. You should get your rest John. You may be entirely capable of holding your own, but you should go receive your well-deserved rest. Lord knows Sherlock’s tired you out enough,” Jim shared a wink with John that was borderline lewd.
And then it’s like a flood gate has broken, “You’ve stuffed me in a metal box for two days. You’ve drugged me. You’ve raped me. Tortured me. You’ve used the lives of strangers and loved ones as
Abruptly, Sherlock switches tactics. What was once teasing touches are now firm slides of his palm around John's erection. John groans, shaking with the sudden onslaught. No longer does he feel like he's in pain. He feels ungodly overheated, and close to the greatest orgasm he's had in his life. Sherlock keeps stroking in that steady pace, and John, unable to move, can only utter please over and over again. Close, God he's so close. And then John comes right in his trousers from two more strokes. His voice is unhindered, and releases a broken string of groans. He whimpers, the pain feels completely absent from his system. Leaving him riding several waves of relief and pleasure. John begins to crest down, close to incoherent from satiation.
He could still see the jagged arcs of blue lightning, sprouting from her fingertips to make their way towards the both of them. He could remember how they’d been separated by that blast as they leapt to either side. He recalled how, in a very detached calm that only comes with a surge of panic-induced adrenaline, he had logically thought about the sequence of events that would lead to John’s heart giving up from sheer strain should one of those bolts hit his chest.
“What?” Sherlock asked defensively, “I think it’s true.”
He entered the stable, unlocked since none of the horses were of real value to the estate. The slight warmth between the freezing outdoors and the heat of crowded horses was a relief for John’s frozen skin. He grabbed a spare cloak hanging on a peg, but didn’t stop to search for shoes. God only knew how much time he truly had.
It jolted John out of his haze. He flinched back, “I—nothing. There was nothing else, I just wanted to apologize. I’m sorry.”
The switch clicks off and John is left in silence. Anxiety has him tense all over again, orgasmic bliss forgotten. He jumps when he feels sharp teeth biting into a sensitive thigh. Sherlock is sucking, and John doesn't need his sight to know that there's a fantastic bruise there when he pulls away.
Sherlock has no qualms about being a bastard, and the entire point of tonight is to make John break into lovely pieces. So he presses his palm down on John’s stomach at the exact time that he relaxes his throat and nearly reaches the base before his gag reflex overcomes him.
The body is on its side, face frozen in pain and horror. The rain has sluiced away the worst of the blood, though a good portion of it remains pooled around the body. Some of his organs have fallen through the gaping hole in his stomach.
It takes the rest of John’s flayed resolve to hold back his bile.
Before John can even think about scrambling away Sherlock forces one of John’s arms back into an effective lock, pinning the shorter man to the floor. John cries out in surprised pain, but he remains still. John’s not sure if the blow to Sherlock’s chest is something that he will be paying for later, and he doesn’t want to add to his offenses.
John’s blinking up at Sherlock’s face, which is equally as flush as his own, with those silver eyes shining with lust. John’s hands clench underneath his body, and his arched chest is like an offering.
Sherlock studies this new development like he studies all things about John Watson. Obsessively. Sherlock doesn't even realize that he's reached forward until his fingers are tracing the wrinkles on John's face. It fully hits him then. John's here, completely helpless and pliant, and Sherlock can do whatever he wants. With renewed fervor, he traces the many creases in John's face. He traces the crows feet with care, and the laugh and frown lines feel like veins of gold in human skin.
The inside of their metal box dings, and the doors open close to silently. Sherlock places his hand back on John’s arm, leading him again. Their footsteps echo a little eerily, considering that John knows this is a hospital. There should be equipment, the steady beeps of machinery and people to bounce away the noise.
Pain that is familiar and can't be seen cloud John's blue eyes. He raises his hands in appeasement, but that only sets her off more. When John looks at his hands, he quickly hides them behind his back. They're covered in blood.
The teenager was unabashedly grinning as he pulled out the pillows, “That’s because you didn’t. This is an old car with a very simplistic locking mechanism. I spent more time looking up the model of the lock than I did in picking it.”
Through yet another revelation, despite the fact he’d nearly been killed over his family fortune, it seemed worse to John, that he’d somehow convinced the one originally hell bent on his death, into falling into ardor with him instead.
"Oh? And will you John? Will you call her?" There's certainly no mistaking the tone now.
“When it comes to you John, you will find that we have scores of patience,” Sherlock smiled. In the recent past, that would have flattered John tremendously. Now it seemed to pose as a veiled threat.
The bodies were as Sherlock had left them, now in the beginning stages of decay. John was standing a little farther back than normal, his arms crossed over his chest and his expression dim. “Jesus,” he muttered for the fifth time under his breath.
“Since you were so beautiful while taking my crop, I’ll still let you come,” Sherlock rolls his hips into John’s body, keeping pressure on the shoulder, “but only while you’re in pain.”
He snarls at the lack of stimulation, and tightly grips his hair in his hands. He ruffles the dark curls, fraying and tangling them around his pale face. He leaps up from the sofa, and paces for a while, measuring out the exact surface area with just his feet.
“Amazing what people will do to cure hysteria these days,” Sherlock said while lubricating his fingers.
Sherlock sets the tea down for fear of splashing it all over his lap. He folds his hands, and waits. After a heavy sigh, John takes another drag from the mug, downing the rest of the contents. It must hurt, but the line between his brows tells Sherlock that he can’t feel it.
“Well,” John said, “I seem to have found it now.”
All the while, John's cries have become more pitiful. Sherlock is sure that the man doesn't even know how loud he's being. With a glance at his watch, Sherlock decides to give it another twenty minutes. Should be enough to reduce him to a senseless bundle of desperation.
His eyes glaze over as he reminisces, "It's remarkable how much you've changed since then. A pitiful old soldier, desperate for some hint of excitement in his life, even if it came from a complete stranger. Now look at you," he smiles, and the pride in that grin makes John's stomach churn, "tempered steel. Every day you face a battle you can't possibly hope to win. Yet you march on, back straight, eyes front. Ever the warrior." He lets his hand fall to his side, and John takes a deep inhale through his nose. He hadn't noticed that he'd even stopped breathing.
Sherlock didn’t respond at first. He sat there, unmoving. John silently marveled at the restraint Sherlock apparently possessed, since he was not hurling every vitriolic word he could think of.
Sherlock starts to move, and suddenly words are too much of an effort. John just groans and writhes instead. Sweat causes his hair to stick to his forehead, and runs down in infuriating rivulets down his back and his sides. He’s making primal noises in the back of his throat, too far gone to remember what it is that he needs.
“Sherlock,” John said again, this time in a tone of warning. “You can’t just--”
Eventually, Mycroft huffed out a breath of concession. “Very well then. Still not original, but your honesty is refreshing, if nothing else.”
It wasn’t organic like sunlight, but refined and tuned like the manufactured comfort of a night light. Sherlock was practically buzzing with energy, despite being fatigued beyond comprehension. His grin was a brushstroke of well spent adrenaline. Sherlock looked complete, like he’d been searching for purpose and found a divine destiny. He was breathtaking.
“Whatever you decide to do Sherlock, I know you’re going to be great at it. Brilliant, even. And I’ll support you every step of the way.”
John whipped around towards the sound, his wings flared and his tail twitched agitatedly behind him. The human male (tall, dark clothes, too much shadow and the rise from his slumber is briefly ruining his vision so he can't make out any features) backed up further into the wall.
When Sherlock pulls his hands away, John thinks he's done. Until Sherlock says, "Lay on your stomach and pull down your pants."
Sherlock smiled, and the candlelight did amazing things to soften his features. “Thank you for apologizing. I know that you care about my well-being. Almost disproportionately so to your own.”
Sherlock’s expression lightened somewhat, “Very well then. I shall see you tomorrow during class.”
Her fingers dug into the wood of the doorway. The frame splintered as she jerked from side to side, “I couldn’t protect you! I couldn’t protect you!” she screamed over and over. John wondered why no one had come running for the noise, but deep down he knew.
John scrambled to turn over, and it wasn’t until he tried to reach for it that he remembered he’d thrown away his gun. The frustration, and even a little bit of fear, started to bubble up in his throat. He had walked into a group of drug dealers, had thrown his illegal firearm into some unknown junk heap, and dived into a thicket of shrubs all on the word of a teenager.  He was going to be beaten to death by a bunch of kids who were poor decision makers, all because he’d been bored and had desperately wanted to feel useful again.
“Then what is it John? Why did you come here, if not to make yourself feel better? Why try to atone, if not for the sole reason that being less than the perfect role model is eating you alive inside?”
John didn’t need his sight to imagine the scowl on Sherlock’s face, “Remember how I mentioned that you spoil things when you speak? You’ve already pushed for a consecutive session and gave him a much stronger tonic than last time. If this has lasting effects, the deal is off Jim.”
"It must be your stunning personality that Anderson finds attractive. It's obviously not your brains he's after. Unless stupidity is drawn to stupidity."
Sherlock congratulated himself on starting his pet's training with pleasure. John, being a soldier, would respond defiantly to pain. And would forever associate his captivity in a negative aspect. But being brought to an incoherent mess of need by his captor? John could never be prepared for something like that. Sherlock smirked against John's damp skin, mind swimming from the many avenues he could take this. Time to let John know the point of this exercise.
John can steadily feel himself coming back to consciousness. As he runs his dry tongue over his teeth, he's relieved to not feel any blood. The thought of which forces back the memory of Angelo's brains splattering out of the back of his head.
“John,” Sherlock’s voice startles him into stillness. He’s gasping for breath. He’d been hyperventilating.
The edges of the current hallucination blended with the visions of phantasms. Jim’s face became skeletal and his open lips of pleasure became a gaping maw. John whined in fear, and Jim’s bony fingers dug into his soft flesh.
John rolled his eyes, “Seriously, Sherlock. We’ve reached the edge of my patience.”
“Is this a family trait, this pretending to know my own thoughts more than myself?”
John continues, carried away by the thrill of his new knowledge, "I'm right, aren't I? You don't want a drooling piece of meat. What's the point? You could have that anywhere. What you
“No, it’s, it’s fine,” John interrupted, “the food isn’t a burden. Mary and I won’t buckle from an extra grocery run. As for you-well,” John rubbed a hand over his nape, stretching his back from bending over, “I know it’s weird to say, but it just didn’t feel right leaving you to your own devices, knowing you’d go hungry.”
His unspoken words carry the truth between them.
So instead, in a flash of insight, he says, "You could impress me."
After that, John had tried the slow and agonizing acclimation into civilian life. He went to miserable therapy session after miserable therapy session, where he’d stared at a clock, counting down the minutes until he could go home to Mary. His therapist had termed it ‘anchoring’, meaning that he was finding something in life that was worth waking up for every day. Something that was worth fighting off the midnight screaming, the hot knives in his shoulder every time it rained, and the humiliating physical therapy for a shattered shoulder and a leg that wasn’t broken.
Except it isn't soft flesh that enters his mouth, it's hard metal lined with rubber. Two long prongs on the top and bottom that pry apart his teeth and keep his lips from shutting. John tries to close his jaw to prevent what's about to happen, but it's far too late. A strap buckles around his head, and he feels something being screwed on the side. The gag is being ratcheted into place.
John is close to sobbing underneath him, but is holding back the worst of his cries behind his wired-shut jaw. The clench of his body encourages Sherlock’s aftershocks until he’s almost boneless. He places a kiss so gentle it could poison honey on top of John’s agitated scar.
cross with you.”
Sherlock laughed, “You may want to phone us a cab.”
“Stop! Stop! Sherlock, please, don’t do this!” The dragon’s eyes flickered to him while he still held a leg captive. John’s imagination immediately surmised how quickly events would occur. The bite would be as easy as snapping through a carrot. The positioning was just below John’s knee, meaning that he would forever feel the ghost of his limbs for as long as he lived in this cave. Hopefully, when Sherlock ate the other one, it would be symmetrical. That way he could avoid the twisting of his body as it tried to overcompensate for one side. Of course, one truth stood out the most from the flood of images crashing in his mind.
In revenge, John slid his hands from Sherlock’s nape to his nipples, and rubbed his thumbs over the little points. Sherlock shivered against him, unable to continue teasing John as he succumbed to sensation. John smirked and kept one set of fingers plucking and pressing, while he slid his other hand to the front of Sherlock’s jeans.
He let the words hang in the air. John gently prompted, “What was his name?”
that way,” John deliberately stressed while staring at Sherlock. The man didn’t speak. He only continued to grin at Jim.
Sherlock slips out a throaty moan. He got to taste John tonight, and now John is forced to taste him. It's a glorious evening. He fervently wishes he didn't need the gag, but Sherlock is hardly a fool. All of the threats in the world wouldn't have prevented John Watson from the hearty opportunity this would have been. The bars are an unwelcome sensation from the soft, warm heat of John's mouth.
“Do it! Now!”
Sherlock sighs, beginning to cut little random marks into the man's thigh. The man actually
Sherlock was staring at him.
Sherlock fingers stroke under his perineum, and his hand fists over John's cock three times before John spurts with a soft, "Sherlock." The man is suddenly possessed, and he's gripping John's hips and thrusting against him with fierce abandon.
John tried to keep himself from smiling at Sherlock’s awkwardness. “Did you have a set time or--?”
The thought of drifting endlessly through the vast emptiness that is the ocean sends him spiraling downwards. Nothing but him, the mercy of Mother Nature (which, let's be honest, she's not exactly known for), and the sturdiness of his cage. He doesn't think about dignity. He doesn't think about staying strong. He doesn't even think about preserving air. John just screams. And screams. And screams.
He's in a tiny box. Darkness surrounding him. He's in a coffin. Fear skitters like spiders across his brain, and he can't stop the shuddering breaths that escape him.
This is also different from last time. That time, Sherlock had been efficient in his preparation. Now, he seems, languorous. The finger brushes inside of his walls, exploring, twisting, brushing. It hasn't even touched his prostate, but John is still panting. With Sherlock's hand in his hair, he can feel those icy eyes greedily watching his reactions. John has no intention of staying silent this time. It might lead to bigger repercussions. Like he said, to survive, he'll play along.
“Whoah!” John shouted, lowering his voice immediately lest someone overhear at literally the worst moment, “woah. Sherlock, for god’s sake. No. Christ, no. I’m not-I’m married,” John held up his hand and then immediately set it back down, “course you probably already saw that and just thought I was an adulterer on top of a creep. God, okay, just keep ice on your face for a while and please never speak of this to anyone. Meanwhile let’s never talk again, okay, thanks, then.”
“Like I said,” Sherlock shrugged, “not that difficult of a deduction.”
It's Sherlock's turn to blink, "How exactly do you skip a hundred years of aging?"
The boy was already carrying several bags and he refused to look back. John grabbed the rest and rushed after him.
Sherlock felt his knot swell, but it was not enough for it to fully trap him inside of the Omega’s body. It was too far outside of the Mating Time for that to happen. Instead, it merely widened him enough that the Omega was forced to accommodate more flesh. And that extra bit was enough to cause the boy’s body to writhe on Sherlock’s prick.
“Let’s go home John,” Sherlock murmurs.
"And why, John, should I give you what you demand?" Sherlock is walking towards him now, and John is frozen. He can't do anything but watch as the quietly furious man stalks closer.
This, with English soil under his heels and less than an hour’s drive from home, was very different. John knew it didn’t make much sense, but he thought that the stars looked different here. Like borders and oceans really could transport you to a whole new world where everything you saw could only faintly remind you of the familiar.
John tries his best not to move his arms or even clench his fists as Sherlock gently coaxes his dick back into hardness. John can already feel the slow burn in his shoulders begin to deepen, which makes the soft pleasure of Sherlock’s tongue headier. Sherlock gently sucks at the hardening flesh, grazing his teeth along the underside. Enough to make John squirm, but not enough to cause him pain.
“Alright, fuck this,” John snapped, “are you going to help me with this or not?”
John didn’t like the way Mycroft’s tone had gone as cold as his eyes. Without realizing it, John shifted his weight so it rested evenly over his feet.
Sherlock swept into the restaurant, coat billowing behind him. There weren't many patrons, since the busiest rush was dinner. Seated by the window was Mycroft, pointedly flipping open his pocket-watch. Sherlock of course noted that Mycroft had sat facing the door. Apparently they weren't quite back to trusting each other from stabbing one another in the back. 'What ever would Mummy say?' Sherlock drily thought.
No. He can't lose this. No. He can't actually become Sherlock's puppet. He doesn't want to lose what he is. What makes him a fighter, a soldier. But he knows what's coming.
“You know, a simple ‘please’ would go a surprisingly long way.”
“I could not assist directly. I could only lead you on the path to the truth. But I will not stand by and watch my little brother fall deeper into ruination.” They passed by the study, which surprised John, but her words inspired a more immediate morbid curiosity.
will love it, and eventually, you’ll learn that that’s good enough.”
Sherlock couldn't deny the little thrill it sent through his spine, to think about what might happen when he caught John. But, something wasn't right.
John's intentions are already clear, but they become more so when Sherlock slowly inserts the second finger. John rocks forward from the sensation, bringing his face close to Jim's crotch. Before he can stop himself, Jim has a hand on the back of John's head, keeping him there.
His precome steadily rises from his prick, deepening his desperation like a sinkhole. If Sherlock would just let him finish in some way then he might be able to function or participate or something, anything, just to make this ungodly pressure
“It’s Saturday.”
“John,” the doctor steadfastly ignored the relief that surged through him at hearing his name again, “I am already old enough to make decisions for myself. I live on my own, I’ve made hefty mistakes that most don’t come back from, I can see and understand this world and all of its complex mysteries with minimal effort. Why do you think I can’t be trusted to know my own feelings?”
Sherlock's appraising John again. True, it took a long time, but certainly not as long as some people. The police haven't even asked them about it. Not that they will, if Jim only just texted him that means he's been talking to the people that will have this case swept under the rug in a matter of hours without questions. Asking for statements is just procedural and doesn't raise suspicion.
"Because I said I wanted to go
Sherlock intends to remedy that.
John reined in his horse, and felt another sheet of snow slide down the back of his nightgown. When he pulled his leg away from the flank it steamed from the heat. He felt red-raw all over. As he dismounted, his body finally gave up on him and he was unable to catch himself as he fell.
Sherlock cleared his throat before he could, “Dr. Watson, while I find your straightforwardness rather refreshing, if not untoward, you should know that this would be a liaison beyond illicit proportions and quite frankly, you should reign in those sorts of ideas before you get sacked as you seem to be the only competent--”
He counted to three, and when the hand refused to move out of embarrassed realization, he turned his head.
The car waiting for them isn't quite a limousine, but that's only because a car like that is too obvious. This one shares a sleek black design with tinted windows, but John highly suspects that they're bullet proof and can only be opened from the outside with a special key. Wonderful, he hasn't been inside of a mobile cage in a while.
“Could I penetrate you?” Sherlock asked. By the tone, it seemed like he wouldn’t care one way or the other, but John saw the way his eyes went dark with the suggestion, and those pale hands hadn’t stopped roaming over every bit of bare skin it could reach.
Such as John’s suddenly glazed eyes, or the way his flushed face was swiftly becoming less and less about anger. But John blinked his sudden daze away, backing towards the wall to put distance between them, even while Sherlock closed it with every step.
There, the spacing found on the corpse matches the deep gouges on the wall. With something like awe, Sherlock touches the marks.
"John." The doctor startles at the use of his name. It's the first voice besides his own that he's heard in ages. The deep voice is edged in warning, and John is close to desperate to hearing it again. But nothing else is said. His name is the only warning he's getting. It's not like John can put up much of a fight at this point anyway. Fighting him now will probably lead to more time in that tiny hell. Or something worse.
The foreign feeling of a cock other than his husband’s compelled him to gasp. A weak twitch of his arms was the only evidence of his clamoring demand to claw Jim to shreds.
John couldn’t possibly go about this through honest means. Even though he wanted to with every increment of his being. But if Jim and Sherlock had been so dismissive to the idea that the drink had been to blame for his illness, then God only knew what they’d say if John tried to accuse them of feeding him poison.
“Hang on, what about school?” John rushed towards the door to call after him. Just because he was the talk of the town didn’t mean he could just miss his classes.
One hand still stays in his hair, while the one dripping in lube presses against his hole. John shudders, but doesn't stiffen. The finger slides inside of him when John breathes on the exhale. They stay like that, with Sherlock's single finger lying still inside of him, until Sherlock moves.
Sherlock took that to mean that John would be organizing everything while he prattled on about his previous life. He focused a lot of his attention on how insufferable his brother Mycroft was and how it only got worse after their parents’ death. He’d been the top of his class and fully expected to achieve the same here with minimal effort, which wasn’t a surprise to John.
His fingers are wrapped around Sherlock’s wrist, and he’s staring straight into Sherlock’s eyes while his heartbeat thrums in his ears. Sherlock looks like he’s expecting an answer.
Slowly, Sherlock begins fucking him with one finger. John moans helplessly into the sheets. More, God it's too much while being not enough. Idly, he wonders if anyone can short out from sensory overload. Time will tell, he supposes. Sherlock adds a second finger, and John buries further into the sheets until its hard to breathe.
It was that, combined with the teasing promise of release, that pushed John over the edge. As John quivered, Sherlock ground his hips down twice more before coming with him.
to make up your own conclusions, or to analyze a motive. Your job is to determine the cause of death. Anything else is piling you with too much, am I understood?”
Sherlock stops his tapping to look at the indicated pair and mutters a quick, "She's cheating on him," before going back to his rhythm. Clearly, John needs to step this up a little bit.
He sat back down on the sofa. When the world didn’t stop spinning, he put his head in his hands.
John rolled his eyes, but grabbed the rolled blanket without complaint. He followed after Sherlock, who had also packed a small torch.
A plea wheezed from John’s mouth, “St--stop. Pl--ease.”
“First friend? Yes, in a loose definition. If you mean my first sexual partner, then no, because I just said he
He’d just gotten the neck of the thing past his head, when he saw the swipe of a giant claw towards his back. A scream came unbidden from John’s throat at the sight of it. There a tugging pull at his throat, a loud ripping sound, and John wondered when he would register the sensation of the skin being torn from his back. When there was no white pain or rush of blood, John opened his eyes to see the gown in tatters at his feet.
“Sherlock, I nearly just dislocated your arm. Let’s not push matters.”
"How about you leave it here and fuck off?" John's holding out his hand like Sherlock will actually comply. Both of them find that rather funny. Sherlock takes another step forward, and John tenses again, his hands balling into fists. Hope springs in John, maybe this is the chance he's been waiting for, until Sherlock opens his mouth again.
Sherlock nodded, and they set off back for the house.
Sherlock is struck with the urge to tear through London. He wants to rip open membranes and pull out the veins of every random passerby just so he can show John all that he’s capable of.
“Leave, Mycroft,” Sherlock’s request was not subtly disguised as a warning.
He thinks he catches sight of something hurtling towards him, but it's hard to tell in the dark and the wind is blurring his vision. Sherlock hears something like heavy fabric flapping out to the side of him.
“Sire,” John hissed, his mouth muffled but insistent, “Hurry up.”
Jim gave him a look of deep pity, and Sherlock tried to entreat with him. “John, listen to yourself! To alter every single document, which even the officer will grant is quite an extensive number, down to stranger’s signatures, is not something we could conceivably accomplish.”
resort.
Well, Mycroft was a shot in the dark anyway. At least John wasn’t going to be shuffled into a black site faster than you could say ‘bureaucracy’.
Sherlock just stood there, stunned. Did he what?
Sherlock leans closer and sniffs, and rears back in revulsion. Some of the meat is rancid.
“I’m fine Sherlock, but what are you doing here? I thought you wouldn’t have taken note of my absence until the morning.”
that made revulsion flip through his stomach.
John looked exasperated, “Seriously Sherlock, I can’t think of anything you would do that I wouldn’t approve of.” He immediately backtracked, “As long as, you know, it would fall within normal moral and sane parameters.”
“Sherlock!” John shouted as he averted his eyes, “Could you please cover yourself?”
John looks at Sherlock's offer, then back to the base of the stairs. He could easily glide down and leave if he wanted to. John rubs a clawed hand across the back of his neck, back at the strange man he only met just this dusk, and again to the door leading to the relatively safe London streets one more time.
There was a moment when John wasn’t sure if he was about to vomit or erupt into a blind fury. His husband’s voice cut through both urges, “Don’t be crass Jim. She is, or was, technically my sister-in-law.”
If this was someone he had met in a pub, and harmless flirting had crossed a line, he would apologize for the miscommunication and never speak to them again.
John doesn’t stop walking towards the bathroom.
"And you won't! I know you'll play it right! You'll just...forcefully influence him." Jim smiled up at him, and stepped away. "Trust me, once Johnny's time-out is all done, we'll all be one big happy family, eh?"
John had tried to go after her, suddenly concerned in the way he always was with strangers who were hurting. Sherlock grabbed him by the elbow, and leaned down so he could be heard.
Sherlock's eyes flashed, Jim continued. "You know I wouldn't release your little puppy for a quick laugh. The games come when you're good and ready. I promised that. So why? Why, Sherly dear, would I disable the cameras, unlock the doors, and call off the guards with plenty of time for the good little doctor to escape?"
“That was incredible,” John breathed.
It wasn’t until the orgasmic haze had drifted away that Sherlock realized he’d bitten into John’s shoulder when he came. He traced the bite mark with his fingertips. One of many that he’d left behind, but this one was especially deep.
Sherlock stops after what feels like a small eternity. Chest shuddering with inhales, John’s sweat rolls down across his temples and along his clenched eyes.
Sherlock shrugs nonchalantly, "I thought it would be best if you made up your own mind on what sort of take out you should consume. I knew that any suggestion on my part would be less than welcome. And it's not a massive inconvenience to accommodate for your poor taste."
For some reason, the gargoyle's face contorts into something like embarrassment and he says, "Well, no, actually, I can't really-"
John groaned, this time in exasperation, and covered his face with his hands. It was the perfect opportunity for Sherlock to pop out the memory card and slip it between his fingers. He’d hide it soon, in his dressing gown when John wasn’t paying attention.
John glides his hand, slightly shifting his grip, applying what feels good to him. Sherlock groans, and when John's thumb dances over the head, he stops him by gripping John's wrist. "Too much John," Sherlock explains when John looks confused.
With Sherlock here, in his room, personally carrying breakfast to his bedridden husband rather than letting one of the servants handle it, all of his anxieties seemed foolish in the extreme. John grinned at him with unabashed affection, “I hope I didn’t disturb your sleep too much. I know I can be fitful at the best of times.”
So John needed to find out for himself.
It was cheaper in the long run to pay off a housing loan, and they were both assured that John’s credentials could get him nearly any job where that kind of education was lauded.
“I shouldn’t have let things get so out of hand. I probably should have seen this coming but I was too caught up in—I just wanted--” John took in an unsteady breath, which did nothing to make his heart stop feeling pulped.
John tried to put his phone away, and realized Sherlock was still holding onto his wrist. John tugged pointedly, and Sherlock’s eyes shot down. “Oh, sorry,” Sherlock let go immediately.
If any of them had touched John, he was going to turn this place into cinders.
“Getting something out of this tedium,” Sherlock hissed back.
Sherlock brings his bag closer with the hand that was teasing John's chest. He's still twisting and shallowly thrusting the toy, and John hasn't seemed to notice the absence of one aspect of stimulation. Sherlock rummages until his hand clasps over the cock ring from before. Sherlock brings his focus back to the doctor's face, then travels to the slowly returning erection. It's almost time.
“Mm, do you think so?” Jim asked in a way that had already dismissed the suggestion. “I can personally assure you that the mixture is considerate of all possible ailments.”
“Oh, you hardly need to be a genius of my caliber to know when you and Sherlock are suffering from a lover’s spat. I’ve seen neither hide nor hair of you all day, and the great tosser won’t stop pacing about and slamming books unnecessarily. It’s quite unbearable.”
"You need to shift his position every few hours," the man still hasn't looked away from the cage, "otherwise the blood will pool and he'll get sores. And it'll disorient the fuck out of him, if you're interested." Seb knows he is, he's just playing dumb.
John could picture it. They hadn’t been to London in so long, and he missed the city. Missed its confusing roads, the Underground, the smell of kebabs and the packed with people pavements on Oxford. It would be nice to share that with Mary again. It could be like old times. Before he left, before he was shot, before they moved.
“So come on then Sherlock,” Snow leaned his weight forward, “between two friends, why are you
Sherlock's hand flashed to John's chin. He gripped John's face painfully, twisting it until it was facing him. John tensed, but still didn't open his eyes. "John, I want you to look at me when I'm addressing you." Sherlock's voice was still soft, but it held a steely edge of warning. When he still couldn't see John's beautiful blue depths, his voice became sharper.
"I told you, my own invention. Came to me after a failed attempt with it killed the terrorists and the hostages. Quite a sum they paid, to make sure it did the job." John unwillingly feels a bit of respect. That Sherlock can apparently do more than just kidnap, rape and steal. Until he talks again, still fondling his nipples.
"Wonderful," Sherlock says with some enthusiasm, "and she will be kept out of harm. Provided, of course," Sherlock steps closer, and his leg is back between John's, "that you keep up your end of the bargain." John closes his eyes, swallows, and nods.
Warnings: Scarification, Emotional Trauma/Manipulation
He had no heartbeat.
John nodded, pleased, “Right then. If the matter is thoroughly settled, I’m off to prepare for bed.”
"I think so, but I've never really had a good look at him. He might just be alarmed that you're barely dressed." He cracks at the end of the sentence, a sign that his humor is failing to comfort him and that he only wants this all to be over. "Please, John, can we go?" It should be hard to appear pathetic, as tall and intimidating as he usually is, but he's finding that motivation is a powerful tool.
John comes back with his eyebrows raised in admiration, snacks forgotten. Sherlock motions him over, and as soon as he clasps John’s hand, he speaks.
John's giggles eventually tapered off, "But, hold on," John says with some bafflement, "if it's just normal Chinese then why haven't you suggested ordering from them? Instead of going all Mission Impossible on our food," John grins again at the image.
Jim fell off with a shout of pain. John sprang to his feet and ran for the door. Pain laced up his foot, and he looked down to see blood dripping from his toes as he continued to run. He looked behind himself, to see Jim smiling at him with a look of dark pleasure, as he wiped at the cut on his cheek.
“Don’t look away John,” Sherlock says in a voice that is as gentle and cold as falling snow, “I know you want to, I know that it makes you more comfortable when you deny these things. But I won’t let you lie to yourself now.”
Jim nodded, then swayed his head a tad in realization, "Wait a tick, have you only been visiting him to fuck him?"
Movement out of the corner of John’s eye tore him away from the indigo sky. Sherlock was laying out the blanket and positioning the pillows. He flopped down onto his back and immediately recoiled. With a few choice words that John should have really discouraged him from using, Sherlock flipped the blanket back to chuck a tiny rock way across the other side of the hill.
John's not sure what he's expecting when he comes out of the bathroom. Maybe for Sherlock to be sitting on the couch, giving him another smart arse smirk? He does know that Sherlock isn't omniscient, though it bloody well feels like it sometimes.
of letting you sleep in my bed? Have you aching for a single touch from me? Have you beg to be allowed to suck me, when it's all you can think about?" Sherlock's head leaned into John's, his breath ghosting over the shell of his ear. John stared into the light above him, lost in fear and adrenaline.
The thought brought a whisper of a smile on his lips, and he startled when a timid voice said, “Good thoughts then?”
"Damn it to the Mountains you really are suicidal aren't you?!"
From a combination of exhaustion, relief and unspent adrenaline, John collapsed into sleep.
“My brother’s influence, most likely. I try not to dwell on it too much.”
The gloved fingers of his free hand itch for something to do, so he trails it along the fine hairs of John’s thigh. He contemplates burying them inside of John. The lubricant is within easy reach, and the added stimulation would be fascinating to witness.
“I researched the best conditions for stargazing and managed to find something that closely resembles those specifications. To be honest I would rather we were out in the countryside another ten kilometers, and at a slightly higher elevation, but this will suffice.”
The man's eyes fill with horror and confusion. "The file had some not entirely useless information on you. About the home you'd been abused in before you ran away when you were sixteen. It's been abandoned, a perfect place to hide something temporarily. A little too obvious in that it's somewhere you'd never want to go again. Jim really could've solved this himself if he ever bothered to check reports."
“Really?” Jim sounded pleasantly surprised, “Well that is good to hear.”
He does eventually remove it, eager to see if there's more underneath. Placing it on the bed feels like transferring a rare jewel from its display case in a museum.  The ebony lining shines in the soft glow of the lamp. There's matching dress pants underneath, as well as a sky blue button-up that will vividly bring out the hues of the suit. There is a tie pin with matching cuff links tucked away in the corner inside of a velvet bag, and John would bet money that they're made from genuine diamonds. The tie is pinstriped, the base is the same colour as the suit but the lines are white. The pocket square is wrapped in its own sheet of paper. A pair of shiny black shoes and a pair of cashmere socks rest at the very bottom.
“Alright?” Sherlock asked cheekily. He didn’t even look up, but John could tell he was smirking from the movement of those lips against his cock. John wasn’t sure he could handle much more of this, and they had barely even started.
Glass crunched underneath their weight as they rolled, each one struggling to gain the upper hand. Jim succeeded in pinning John onto the ground by trapping John’s arms at his sides. Jim squeezed his legs to relish in the position.
He lifts his upper body to get a better view, and oh
John thinks back to soothing hands, gentle preparation, and whispered words that poison his senses with their honesty.
Sherlock blinked, “Really?”
Something slithered across Sherlock’s face, and it was John’s horrified look that made him realize it was a smile.
John believed he mumbled a greeting, or perhaps made a questioning noise, but darkness overtook him before he could hear Jim’s response. He awoke to a slight chill.
The teen wordlessly hopped up onto the bed and gingerly placed the compress over his eye without instruction. John handed him a few more tissues while apologizing, “Unfortunately I don’t really have anything to immediately stop the bleeding. Just keep pressure on your sinuses for now.”
John slowly seeped out a breath he hadn’t known he’d been holding. Sherlock looked at him oddly, like he had done something unexpected.
Then he blacks out.
He would have to sacrifice their second coupling to his mind palace instead of to the camera. The third time, when John figured out that the memory card was missing, would more than make up for it, so it was a small sacrifice.
John hisses then, from his tensed arms being moved from their numbed position and because his urine now moves down his lap to settle under his thighs.
John releases some broken sound from his throat that used to be a laugh. It sets off a spark within his taxed mind and body that makes him sob into the Egyptian cotton.
John blinked at him. “…What?”
A separate carriage arrived for them the next morning after they’d eaten a hearty breakfast in their bed. For a moment, John pictured them living a life of simple marital bliss. He certainly had no complaints about his current lifestyle, but with the mansion so large and empty, it was nice to be involved in something so much smaller and domestic.
“Clearly your weakened state has caused your mind to cast illusions on character and motivation. It taints your mind, and calls delusion reason.” Sherlock passed his hand over John’s brow to wipe away sweat. It was almost a symbolic gesture of wiping away the supposed plague of John’s mind.
As he sunk into oblivion, John wasn’t sure if he preferred the visions of the worms, or the casual desecration of his body.
Not once had he ever been this vocal with—John shoved away that thought before it could fully form. Not here. Not now.
The room is set up as he always requires it. Absolutely impeccable, with every tool that he needs within easy reach.
John doesn't really wake up so much as become aware. He's aware that his mouth is so dry and thick it could be stuffed with cotton. He's aware that no matter how many times he blinks, his world is still black. He's aware that he's on the couch in his room, since it's the only thing that has a backrest and comfortable cushions. He's also aware that he's naked, since he can feel said cushions on his bare arse.
John had lost track of how many fingers were inside of him, and how long they had been thrusting in and out of him. All he could feel was slick and sensitized.
right in front of them. Or the Thames. Yes, that, let's go over the Thames I'm sure it's gorgeous at night what with all of the reflected lights-no. No let's go to Central London then if we're doing a light show God that must be
Later that night, he was reminded of his husband’s strange mood. He had been deep in slumber when the familiar weight and scent of Sherlock’s body across his gently woke him. John blearily blinked up at Sherlock, who was busy undoing his nightclothes.
John’s doorbell rang before he could convince himself to just tell her.
The breeze suddenly turned into a massive force that slammed him into the rocks. Winded and weakened, John’s grip slipped.
“Not a stranger’s door,” Sherlock huffed, “a neighbor’s. I’ve been told this is something normal, people,” Sherlock waved his hand in a vague encompassing gesture, “do.”
John smiled, “Yeah, he is.”
“I haven’t bound you because I like to see you restrained, and I haven’t gagged you because I like to hear your muffled moans,” Sherlock hums in amusement as he tugs at John’s balls and admits, “Well, it’s not the only reason.”
In his mind there was only one answer.
Sherlock held back a smirk. What a delightfully innocent presentation of a very suggestive question. “In a way, yes,” Sherlock answered.
“No, no,” Sherlock reassured. His gaze moved the floor, and the paper was being wrung between his hands. “It’s just that you seemed determined to look after my well-being. I’m just reminding you that I’m perfectly capable of watching out for myself.”
“Wha—I do not!” Sherlock protested. He shoved the sandwich away out of spite but kept the apple. He really must have been hungry.
Sherlock accepts, moving his head down to plant kisses across John’s clavicle, his sternum, and the underside of one of his nipples. He pulls away so he can maneuver John’s lower body across most of his lap, so he’s almost straddling him while lying down.
Again, John slurs out more protests, which are again ignored. John spots something, a bag maybe, beside the thing before they both stop. John is turned to fully face Sherlock, and he glares into those mercury eyes as much as he can. Sherlock doesn't react this time, just watches John's face. And he's tracing John's lips with his thumb before John even notices that the hand has moved from his shoulder. The scrutiny would be disconcerting, but John's far past being concerned about long lasting staring contests.
John felt like he truly had grown to know Moriarty more, simply for the fact that he could now discern that the natural and casual cadence to his tone was nothing less than a masterfully controlled façade.
“People have died,” John said, as if he still couldn’t believe it. As if the evidence wasn’t picked clean to stark white behind him.
The minutes pass tortuously slow, until Sherlock gets up from the couch and removes the disk once the credits roll. John thinks that that's it. That they're back to this weird routine of ours, but Sherlock sits back down, much closer to John than before.
John was confused at the use of the word ‘customary’. What exactly was supposed to be customary about going to dinner? Then he smiled when he realized Sherlock was trying to be polite. “You don’t have to adhere to social norms just because we’re spending time together.”
“Mr. Watson, don’t!” Lestrade chastised him. John shrugged off his hold and turned an accusatory glare on the two men.
It had started on a normal night at a pub.
“That’s what I offered in the first place,” Sherlock icily pointed out. He removed his fingers and slowly slid his cock inside.
Sherlock could barely get his feet underneath him, so he was essentially dragged over to the boss. With their entertainment apparently done, the others went back to their respective boredom chasers, with the curious few shooting glances at the tweaked intruder.
John snorted as their server approached, “Duly noted.”
“That seems a bit harsh,” John rebuked, “he has been nothing but amicable since I’ve met him. Perhaps a tad conversationally distant, but he’s always been a gentleman with a touch of sharp humor.”
John’s swearing took on a more emphatic tone. Where the blazes had Hope gone to?
“Oh, right,” John cleared his throat. “There was something else.”
John was surprised that only the two classmates had vomited. He’d managed to keep everything down, but he could barely stand the sight of smiles for a solid week.
“So just because I enjoy eating, I’m fat?” John prods. Maybe he should stop drinking the champagne. He already feels the golden bubbles dancing in his stomach and sparkling across his mind. This is either very good alcohol, or he’s drank more than he realized.
give up talking to him completely. They had become a famous duo to the town overnight. The teenaged genius and his helpful mentor. If they cut ties completely, people would notice.
John set his shoulders and marched on. Only to stop at the sight of the unblemished glass door to the greenhouse.
John huffs out air in a half-formed laugh, and it sounds like a weary surrender.
“No.”
Sherlock regarded him patiently. John looked around, but didn’t see any bushes gleaming with hidden cameras, or people in trench coats trying to look inconspicuous. He walked around closer to Sherlock, to be sure they weren’t overheard.
Sherlock had acted chagrined. He explained, “Jim told me why he has been anxious for your company. The only other person that he’s ever been able to speak with comfortably has been myself. Even then, we are almost too much alike for it to be a stimulating conversation. How can it be when we can both predict what the other will say? You’re the first man he’s ever met who not only stimulates him but also surprises him. He’s overtaken by the novelty of it.”
Standing as they were, surrounded by others, John kept getting accidentally knocked into Sherlock’s side. John would use that as an opportunity to playfully brush his hands along the back of Sherlock’s coat or against his hip before pulling it away.
“No,” Jim said speculatively. He turned his head to stare at the man in question, “It appears you were quite wrong about our dear Johnny’s capabilities Sherlock.”
Sherlock liberally applies the ointment to both of John's hands, incredibly thorough while being gentle. John hissed a little bit at the beginning, but now the scratches burn a lot less. Sherlock moves up to John's arms, applying it where John had cleaned too roughly this morning. The long fingers dancing over his skin brings back memories of those same digits over his cock. John breathes through his nose, and ignores the small twitch in his traitorous groin.
John’s honestly not sure what to say to that. Sherlock’s a slave to sensation, but he also never does anything without considering the best course of action first. To have Sherlock admit to losing himself in the throes of his twisted lust is a bit…surprising.
John scoffed, “Well, yeah, no kidding. I would lose my job, for one thing. Never mind that I’m not your teacher and you’re technically legal, no school in their right mind would want to keep me on. The parent calls alone would drive them to liability cuts.”
Sherlock smoothed his hand over John’s sweaty brow. He pushed on John’s forehead, tilting his head back and exposing his throat. Sherlock nipped and licked along the skin opposite of Jim’s mark.
. John wouldn't be this boring. But he can't skin John. He wouldn't be able to mark him if he didn't have any canvas to work with. Though, maybe a small patch. Something he can keep framed or preserved somewhere. Maybe even a tiny part of the bullet wound. Sherlock shivers. They'll have to work up to it.
They finished the film with only minor grumbling from Sherlock’s side. It seemed all too soon before the night ended, and Mary was in the kitchen cleaning up.
Sherlock suddenly presses his nail viciously against the scar. John hisses, and tries to pull away, but Sherlock keeps his grip on John's ankle. He soothes over the indentation, and presses a kiss over the little mark. The hair at the back of John's neck prickles from the misleading combination of pain and wet heat.
"Did you help him, Angelo? Did you bring in poor, pathetic John to try and atone for all of your cock-ups?" The man is turning slowly to the chef, and John is struggling in earnest. "Did you make John's attentions sway from me, the man who was hunting him down to bring him back home? Did you give him hope that everything could be alright? Away from everything? Away from me?"
As John continues to squirm and whimper, Sherlock speaks steadily, “This isn’t an experiment in your endurance John. Think of it as more of a reminder. I enjoy pushing your limits, and you have no choice but to accept it. This is all about watching you break, simply because I
Sherlock pulls his hand away from John’s oversensitive prick, and the gush of warm liquid quickly soaks the bed. The fact that John’s only had water to drink means that the smell isn’t overpowering, and the color is hardly noticeable. It spreads down across John’s stomach and even trickles to his chest. It prickles wherever it touches John’s skin, and he feels feverish and his stomach churns.
He realized Mary had asked him a question. Frantically, his mind tried to recall recent films and came up blank. “Oh, just some, stupid comedy. Wasn’t worth the tickets.”
“How did the police arrive here so quickly? I’m afraid I was a bit dishonest with you earlier John. I had called the police, but only after you and I had split up and you went looking for a good vantage point. An anonymous tip to the police station about a minor disturbance was all that was needed. I calculated their response time, how long it would take for them to arrive at the scene, and the possibility of hearing quite the disturbance along with some worrisome gunshots. I predicted they would call in the cavalry, and here we are.”
No. That’s not quite right. It’s more like he’s walking blind into a minefield, and his steps are guided by someone on the end of a radio that doesn’t like him very much. Sherlock loves to watch John fall to pieces.
