Oh, well, that was intriguing.  Sherlock relaxes.  It’s fine.  The world’s only consulting detective was not going to be deterred by something as insignificant as a poppy seed.  Wasn’t he otherwise handsomely attired, properly coiffed, and perfectly groomed?  Surely this overall attractiveness would not be disproportionately affected by one tiny wayward seed.
John placed his shirts on top of the other ones and took a step back before sitting on the edge of the bed.  It was more than a little weird.  It was downright creepy as fuck.  Mr. Holmes was one presumptuous man.
“It is!  It’s
They’re quiet as John practices the steps.  Sherlock tries to concentrate on enjoying the moment and not fretting about the upcoming nuptials.  He’s at war with himself: on one hand, he’s horribly jealous, but on the other, he wants John to be happy.
“No,” said Sherlock, kneeling in front of him.  “But I wouldn’t mind getting you wet first.  It’s half the fun.”
John felt the tips of his ears go a bit pink.  “That utter bastard,” he said, sipping his latte.
“On the third day I went exploring.  It had rained in the night and the ground was rather slippery.  I had climbed a small hill to get a better view of the English Channel but lost my footing and slid.  Unfortunately for me, I was wearing nothing but my swimming shorts when I landed in a patch of stinging nettles.  Mycroft heard my cries and came to my aid.  Mummy showed him how to soothe the stings with dock leaves.  Mycroft stayed up all night and read me
He stood, then looked around.  What had Sherlock’s father hit his head on?  Likely the brick pavers around the centre bed, John reckoned.  Sherlock had seemed so sure that his father had not fallen by accident, and John was inclined to believe him.  A chirp from his friend the robin called him back to the present, and he checked his watch.  It was already late afternoon, and he was completely knackered, so he headed inside to freshen up.
Sherlock looked offended.  “I did not.”
“I do.  Like it.”
“I’ll be bored.”
“Where on earth are we going to buy the lube?”
John looked.  He knew very little about castles, nor had he ever particularly cared.  But there was something special about being here, in this forbidden place, with Sherlock.  So he looked, tired see what his friend’s keen eyes had already figured out.
My own prick is aching, but I know how I want to come, and I want John to go first.  He is nearly there.  I can tell by his respirations, the way he makes little “uh” noises when I press into him.
“3 o’clock in the morning.”
“Not a soul.”
John thumbs it.  He looks.  He never takes it off.  There’s silence as Rosie adds three teaspoons of sugar to her tea.  She takes it exactly like Sherlock does.
Sherlock chewed at his lower lip, eyebrows coming together.
John heard the door click shut behind him and let out a shaky sigh.  His heart was pounding, so he took several breaths to calm himself down.  Never before had he had a lover whose very words affected him so much.  Sherlock’s voice --so deep and masculine-- was incredibly arousing, and the things he said when he was in the mood -- dirty things, frankly honest things, even clinical things -- affected John more than any feminine moans and whimpers ever had.
John shivered once more at the words.  “Well, I was.”  He huffed a laugh.  “Overly concerned, I suppose.  I’d never really done much exploration with it, and…”
“Answer the question.”
“Okay.  Hmm.  Maybe… maybe it’s not a man.  Maybe it was a woman?  I’m sorry to ask, but was your father faithful?”
“We didn’t pack the lube, did we?” Sherlock whispered when he came up for air.
he thought.  There was no time to send Sherlock a warning text.  John bent down in order to feign working on the bicycle.  He looked up to see Owens pulling in next to him.
“Glitter,” said Sherlock, shutting his laptop.  “Exceptional forensic evidence.  I just purchased an eBay lot of 48 eyeshadows in ‘excellent used condition’.  Rather dodgy, selling used cosmetics, but they will suit my purposes well.  Do you know there’s a distinct difference between glitter and shimmer?”
“I’ll spare you the humiliation of putting this in the blog,” said John.
She laces her cold fingers through his own.  “Size doesn’t matter.  Unless it was his body you wanted under yours, not hers.  She was the wrong weight.  The musculature was all wrong.  I'm right, aren't I?”
“Yours.”
John groaned his assent, wriggling a bit as Sherlock fitted himself between John’s arsecheeks.  They hadn’t tried penetrative sex yet, but John was quickly warming up to the idea.  Too bad he’d left the condoms and lube up in Sherlock’s room.  He wondered how it would feel, to have Sherlock inside him, pushing into him.  The other night Sherlock had used his fingers, proven that he could find and tease a prostate, and while a bit overwhelming and new, John had enjoyed the stimulation and thought anal play warranted further exploration.  Sherlock clearly knew what he was doing down there, for which John was thankful.  He also couldn’t wait to return the favour.  For now, however, the idea of penetration was enough to light his nerves on fire, and the drag of Sherlock’s hot prick against his sensitive flesh, combined with his arousal from his dreams, had him close to orgasm already.
“Ah.”  Lestrade’s eyebrows cycled through several different expressions as he processed this information.
He does his best to remain relaxed and natural.
John searched Sherlock’s eyes.  Who would have ever thought Sherlock could feel jealous.  Poor, jealous bastard.  Besotted.  They were both besotted.  The knowledge was thrilling, euphoric, even.  This situation needed to be remedied.
“Let me do the thinking.  You... just feel.”  Sherlock pressed a kiss to John’s forehead.
So, most of the time, a body was a body.  Except when it wasn’t.
I’ve been known to rather enjoy all sorts of smells other people find off-putting.  Even the most rank things (rubbish dumps) at least smell interesting.  I might be one of the only people who legitimately enjoys the smell of decomposition.  Granted, it depends on what is decomposing.  A week-old corpse pulled from the Thames is one thing.  The forest floor is another.  Organic decay: rare fungi, worm excreta, damp mosses.  Rotting bark.  The dampness of a cellar, complete with mould.  The sweet smell of fermentation: yeast on apple or grape.  A glass of wine worth drinking holds a fragrant bouquet. I can appreciate the ripeness of a good, ripe cheese.  The byproducts of bacteria.  Sulphur compounds.  Methane gas.
“It’s actually rather beautiful,” John says, admiring the tuba up close.
“I’ll bet whatever he was carrying was deposited in Lillian’s office.  Hateful digital locks.”  Sherlock screwed up his face with disgust, then emptied three packets of sugar into his double espresso.  “He had a key and felt comfortable turning on the lights.  So he’s no stranger to this place.”
“Was your father murdered?”
“Will you tire of me once you have me figured out?”
“Shipman...the doctor serial killer?”
“That’s,” started John, “that’s…”  He didn’t finish.
John rubbed his hand over his face.  “Because I care about you, you idiot.  A lot.  And I don’t fancy seeing you hurt, OK?”  His face felt hot.
“Good God.”
“In my shaving kit.”
Sherlock rambled on, but John was barely listening.  His mind had got caught up on the words “partner” and “I’d be lost without” and the very idea of continuing his life with Sherlock after this summer seemed to fill him up with some kind of incandescent, burning joy that he hadn’t felt in years.  Silly, really, to feel so much about a simple request.
-- Walt Whitman
“It really hurts, John,” Sherlock growled from behind the door of the loo.
Mycroft shrugged.  “What did he tell you?  That I’d kidnapped him against his will and am holding him prisoner?  He does love to be dramatic.”
What was stimulating his mind right now? Likely nothing.  And that, John thought, was what got him into trouble in the first place.
- before popping.  “Gay?”
John enters to see Rosie and her friend Nina sharing an after-school snack.  They’ve made brownies, and the flat smells delicious.  He helps himself and raises an eyebrow at the girls, who have yet to resume talking.
“Now, look here.  I played the clarinet.  For three years.  I wasn’t half bad.”
“You cheated.”
Sherlock worked his mouth some more before he must have decided it actually was fine, for he continued with his original explanation of the missing woman.  “The woman’s perfectly safe and sound,” he reassured.  “But if you’d like to hear something interesting, let me tell you about the time I dealt with an internet vigilante.  It all started with this idiot who posted a video of himself torturing a cat on Youtube…”
He Masturbates
Chapter 14: A Colourful Case
“When Sherlock jumped off the roof.”
Once feeling warm again, John continued his investigation by looking at the walled gardens.  The entire east wing of the house had a nine-foot tall brick wall running parallel to it.  John walked alongside it, taking in the dead ivy and crumbling bricks until he found the entrance -- an archway -- at the front of the house.  The inside would be stunning come spring, he realized immediately. A fountain stood to one side, and a tiny, stone-walled pond to the other.  Arbours covered certain paths; beds where the spring flowers would soon appear flanked the paths.  Shrubs stood stalwartly, unaffected by the late winter's chill.  John spent nearly twenty minutes poking around.  It obviously wasn’t the mysterious garden Mrs. Hudson spoke of.  Or was it?  John went back to the entry arch and tried to estimate the length to the back wall.  The last portion, he could tell, extended to the end of the house entirely, wherever the back wall of the garden ended at the second to last set of windows.  He hobbled out and around again to see more closely for himself.  Indeed, the ivy-covered wall wrapped all the way around.  There was no sign of a door or gateway arch, however, anywhere.  It was almost as if it was not just locked, as Mrs. Hudson said, but hidden away on purpose, blotted out of existence.
John smiled.  “Let’s see.”  He pulled off the rest of the petals, one by one, before announcing, “Alas, Sherlock.  She does not.”
Sherlock’s agreement was another thrust of his hips.
going to miss it,” John continued, ignoring Sherlock’s irritated tone.  “Yorkshire is...”
“Not my intention,” said Sherlock, voice rumbling.
“Would your dad have wanted to harm Mr. Holmes?”
“We’re supposed to be gathering data, John.   Find out as much as we can about this place - and about Ms. Gleason and her fountain of youth.”
“Rudimentary?” interrupted John.  “Looks like Scotland Yard in a bag.”
“No, you have to start with ‘he loves me.’”
“Would you like some help?”
How does one say goodbye to a house?  That was the problem, though, now, wasn’t it?  Holmes Hall wasn’t just a house.  It was a bloody grand house, bigger and more beautiful than anything he’d ever lived in.  He liked his room, the tall windows that overlooked the wide, green expanse of lawn, the fireplace, the general cosy feel of the place.  He would miss sitting at the table in Mrs. Hudson’s kitchen and the way the sun slanted in the windows in the morning.  He thought of the library, with its generous furniture and old, leather-bound volumes lining the shelves, the feel of the oriental rug under his bare feet.  And the pool, where he had taken up swimming.
John thought.  “Of course. I was a protector and a healer. It’s what I was born to do,” he said at last, sighing.  “It fit perfectly.  I guess good things aren’t meant to last.  At least not in my world.”
John thought.  Nothing came to mind.  He shook his head.
“Mind?” scoffed Mycroft.  “I’d hardly be able to tell.  Do as much as you like, if it suits you.”
“How so?”
) boasted an extensive range of interesting bar food.  Sherlock promptly ordered a double order of chips infused with truffle oil and tossed with parmesan, much to John’s surprise.
My brain is whirring to life again, the mystery at the spa becoming intriguing once more.
“You don’t need to.  Just enjoy yourself.”
Sherlock frowned.  “I phoned him at work.  He confirmed that he, like Henry, was part of my father’s story club and that he worked on the property during the summer between 1969 and 1972.  He also confirmed that Suzanne and Maggie Donovan were at the summer party.”
It was what it was.  And what it was was no longer shit, but it was reality.
First of all, his mouth was huge, compared to most women’s.  His lips, and, oh God, his tongue.  That, yes, made the difference, simply the fact that his mouth was larger and stronger than that of a woman’s.  But also his teeth, which were doing something that obviously took practice, were in on the deal, yet John felt no concern for the safety of one of his most sensitive body parts.  And the suction. Sweet baby Jesus, he was being sucked, literally sucked, as if Sherlock were really trying to vacuum the come right out of him. Somewhere in the back of his mind John made a note to check his lover’s soft palate for petechiae.
He tried again later that evening, and this time managed to dismantle the weapon, clean it again, and reassemble it without a single tremor.
“I’m not shaking you off.”
Sherlock burrowed further into the couch.
“No,” said Sherlock, returning to their boxed-in bed.  “Not tonight.  We’re both tired, and I think I’d just like to...rely on my other senses.  They’re more connected to memory.  Touch.”  He climbed under the duvet and ran his hand down John’s chest.  “Sound.  Scent.”  His hand delicately reached between John’s legs to give a gentle squeeze to his cock, spread his legs a bit and fondle his balls.  “Taste.”
“Third one down,” he said quietly.
Refusing to feel sorry for himself any longer, John lifted his bag onto the bed and unzipped it.  He piled his three pairs of trousers (jeans, green cotton, and brown corduroy), four shirts (two tartan, a long-sleeve striped lightweight jumper, and a grey cardigan), five pairs of underpants (standard white briefs), five pairs of socks (a selection from the Marks and Spencer sale), and five vests.  He also had two mystery novels, a shaving kit, the loathsome rubber resistance band, a pair of pyjama bottoms, and some trainers.  That was it.  John Watson in a bag.
“Three patches?”
“What’s this?” asked John, leaning in to get a better look.
“Freak!  You’re a sick freak!”  she shouted at him before strutting out the door.
John thought about it.  He realised that he wasn’t embarrassed at all, actually.  He was more concerned about getting kicked out before they had solved the case.  What they really needed to see was what was happening a few doors down at the fountain of youth.
It would take me ages to get him all loose and relaxed for actual penetrative sex like this.  I have trained myself to relax nearly on command now, allowing myself to be opened with just a few touches and a little slick.  Our cocks are even perfect for what we enjoy when we do have penetrative sex: mine is longer than John’s, but more slender, so he doesn’t have to stretch as much, while John’s is a full inch shorter but heftier in girth, making me feel so tight and full, just the way I like it.  John would much prefer my fingers, however; he loves prostate stimulation, so I give him one final lick before teasing him with the tip of my index finger, enjoying the texture of his slippery pucker against my fingertip before easing in.  I never tire of watching my fingers slip inside him, perhaps even more so than watching him take my cock.  My penis is usually hidden behind clothes, but my hands are within my sight nearly always, and I sometimes look at them and remember watching his anus stretch around then, the taut pink skin against the paleness of my fingers.
“I have...significant... reasons to discontinue that lifestyle.”
“He doesn’t want you to use the expensive ones.  He’s hoarding them for himself.”
“We’ll be fine,” she said positively.
Violin in hand, John made his way to the east wing.  Yes, Sherlock’s behaviour was childish and completely inappropriate.  But for some reason, John couldn’t seem to fault him for it.  He rapped on Sherlock’s door.  “It’s me,  John.  Mrs. Hudson said you wanted to talk to me?”
“Yes, love.”  He was.  He was watching a fine sheen of sweat form on Sherlock’s back, watching the muscles of his arms stand out as he gripped the chair, watching the hair on the back of his neck begin to dampen and curl.  He was most definitely watching the place where their bodies were joined, quick glimpses of his own cock as it was once and once again lost into Sherlock’s tight heat.  “I’m watching.  Jesus.  I wish you could see this.”
John’s hand trembled; he clenched it.  “Right.  Excuse me.”
“Get a black plastic bin bag, John,” he said, not looking up.  “Empty that other boot and count the stones.
John realized Sherlock was correct - it was possible to go off just by the act itself, the giving of pleasure; his own body felt the pull of orgasm, the familiar build deep in his pelvis - and tried to reach down to touch himself when Sherlock suddenly sat up, eyes dark, wide, and wild.  He slapped both of his hands to John’s face, kissed him deeply, and then threw himself over on all fours, arse in the air.  “Just put us together,” he commanded roughly.
John gave the grass under his feet a few kicks -- it would take ages to pull it all out of the gravel.  It was an enterprising project, one that he likely couldn’t complete by himself in just a few hours a week.  But the space felt special, magical, even, if he allowed himself the romantic notion.  He’d need some supplies; he’d have to buy his own set of pruning shears and gloves and find a way to keep them in the garden itself so he wouldn’t raise anyone’s suspicions.
In a fury of naked limbs, Sherlock lept from the bed, threw open the window, and sent the ruined muff to the same fate as the offensive peacock feather, sailing out into the night and into the middle of Baker Street.  He shut the window, drew the curtains, and stood expectantly.
John dragged a hand over his chest and belly.  He’d got himself good that time.  Usually Sherlock was a better catch (Sherlock enjoyed the smell of John’s semen and sometimes refused to wash his hands afterward just so he could steeple his fingers under his nose and inhale later). It must be drying already - sure was itchy.  His eyes still closed in post-coital lethargy, John absently rubbed his fingers together.
While Willow Cross’ public areas were meticulously maintained, scrubbed, and polished by its overworked and underappreciated staff, the employees shared a neglected and rather shabby private space.
“Say that again,” he said excitedly, eyes wide.
love the sound of my own name.”
The next three days were kind of like an approaching storm; the atmosphere in 221b Baker Street changed, thickened almost, and John could tell that
“Some busy you are,” he said at seeing Sherlock spread out on top of his bed like a starfish, staring at the ceiling.
“Would Mycroft know?”
“Better than the feather, then?”
John watched with interest as Molly set down her things and crouched next to him.  “They’ll never bloom if these aphids suck all the juices out of them.”  She opened the box and captured a ladybird on her finger.  It climbed to the top of her index finger, paused, lifted its wings, and took flight.
It wasn’t long before he was squirming -- Sherlock knew exactly how to reduce his lover to begging -- but John let him take his time, control the pace.  He was vaguely aware he was humping the bed by the time Sherlock finally positioned himself.  Something about this moment, the feeling of Sherlock’s erection, a blunt warmth nudging against him, drove John wild.  Perhaps it was the anticipation.  Maybe it was simply sensitive nerve endings.  Whatever the reason, it was deliriously pleasurable.  Sherlock, ever aware of John’s little kinks, drew out the moment, leisurely rubbing himself against his hole, gently prodding, before finally, blessedly, sinking home.
“Any significance?”  asked John, taking a bite of falafel wrap. “Victorian flower language and all that?”
,” he groaned, and then realized, mortified, that he’d said it aloud.
“Or his brother,” replied John.  Again, all true.
“Do you want to…”
“Knew what, love?”
“I told you so.”
Oh boy.
I give myself a few moments to catch my breath as I lean there, hand still on myself.  As far as the act of masturabtion goes, that was exceptional.  I usually delete immediately afterward, out of respect for my friend (ashamed of myself for giving in).  I’ll keep this one, however, if nothing more than for posterity.  Fucking hell.
“It’s when I knew.”
By the light of a small table lamp, they undressed each other slowly, reverently, pushing buttons through holes and unzipping trousers with gentle, shaking fingers.
Sherlock actually laughed, a huff of breath that made John smile.  “That’s quite good.”
“I wrote an algorithm based on the number I found when I was...researching.”
“And who’s to say that the shoes actually belong to the person who was in the garden with your dad?  I mean, it’s very suspicious, but they could belong to anyone.  Your family was only here in the summer.  Who knows who was here the rest of the year?”
“Hang on,” said John, and went to find a shovel.  Luckily he’d left one in their secret garden, and thankfully he’d brought the key with him.
“Sure.”
The first of May brought unusually warm weather, and John was eager to get back into his secret garden to see how things were progressing.  The peonies had bloomed and were now starting to droop from the weight of their ponderous blossoms.  John read that they needed to be tied up or staked, so he snagged some twine from Lestrade’s garage and, painstakingly, constructed supports for each plant, tying the long stalks to sticks.  The hollyhocks would need something taller, he realized: stakes of some kind.  He’d have to find a way to get them into the garden without looking too suspicious.  The business of cutting twine and tying up stalks was repetitive but somewhat soothing, and he was nearly finished when his hand slipped and the sharp blade of his pocket knife sliced into his index finger.  “Fuck,” he swore loudly, dropping the knife to inspect the wound, which was bleeding all over the place.  It was a deep, two inch gash that would certainly require stitches.  Damn.
“I’m not sure I can move much like this,” said John, running his palms up Sherlock’s sides and down again.
THUCKATATHUCKATATHUCKATA
“Oh, yes, I know,” replied Sherlock, who had now taken to mouthing at John through the thin fabric.
John was waiting at the motorbike, looking impatiently at his watch, when he saw Sherlock come out the back pool entryway.  If John thought he had cleaned up well before, it was nothing compared to the way he looked now.  John couldn’t quite pinpoint what he’d done...something with his hair, maybe.  Or maybe it was the way he was dressed, in a close-fitting, black shirt and dangerously tight, low-slung jeans.  Whatever it was, Sherlock looked both younger and scarier.  If the effect was to attract, it would work.
Sherlock seemed preoccupied with his phone as Mycroft’s car crawled out of London proper.  It was only when patches of green occasionally appeared at the side of the M1 that John broke his silence.
Sherlock shrugged as he rolled over to his side and pulled John behind him.  John found it odd to be spooning someone so much taller than he was, his cheek nestled in to Sherlock’s back.
Eleven
Remembering what Mycroft had said earlier, John was reluctant to leave Sherlock alone, afraid he would withdraw, maybe even harm himself.
John thought about the things he'd had that had ended prematurely and stared out of Ella's window at grey skies and sleet. A memory floated to the surface of his brain. Burying Bugsy, Harry's rabbit. They'd been young then, still at primary school.  He remembered Harry's hot, tearful face on his shoulder. How he could comfort her when nobody else got it right. Well, until she was introduced to Mr Vodka. He smiled then, but there wasn't any mirth in it.
Sherlock flopped down in the bed again, pulling up the duvet and wrapping his arm around John’s waist.  “Because I look good in them.”
He’d always thought of oral sex with a woman as kissing of sorts, a skill, an art, every woman different.   Here, on his knees with the weight of Sherlock’s heels digging into his back, he kissed: mouthing what skin he could reach, running his tongue over the tight skin of the perineum, around the muscles of the anus, lapping, licking, teasing.
“Jesus.  Christ.”  John scrubbed a hand over his face.  “I’m horribly sorry about all of this.  I’m John Watson.  Look, how can I...”
“Oh Archie,” she said fondly in her thick Yorkshire accent.  “Yes, that man was a love.”
They stood together and moved to the sofa, where they simply held one another for a long, long time.
Another petal.  John watched it flutter to the ground.
Sherlock tucked his bare feet up under himself.  “My brain is all I care about.  Everything else...is just transport.”
“Is that what we are?  Best mates?”
“Really.”
A Monumental Relief
Sherlock nodded.  John could almost see the great wheels of his enormous brain trying to process something as simple as a token of affection.  Sad, really.
“May I lick you for a while?”
, a piece that was never meant to be played on any brass instrument, much less the tuba.  A challenge, then.
Anderson suddenly remembered he was supposed to be in charge.  “Mr. Holmes here thinks this is a crime scene,” he said with a haughty laugh.  “Thinks the lady there was poisoned by a pistachio!”  He laughed, a nasally thing.  John wondered how he’d sound with a broken nose.
“Found your secret supply?” John asks, quickly crossing the room to open both windows.  “Jesus, it reeks in here.”
Sherlock lifted his hand from the arm of the chair.  He must have touched himself for the hand returned, wet and slippery, to John’s thigh.  “I’m practically dripping,” he said, panting now.  “Phenomenal...prostate...unh...stimulation.”
Sherlock looked at the table, trying to find the right words.  John decided to spare him the burden of bearing bad news.
He Misinterprets the Data
“Don’t go back to sleep, John.”
“Are you Holmes and Watson? Welcome to the WC. Name’s Leybourne,’ he boomed, pumping John’s hand while peering speculatively at Sherlock as if trying to work out which of the two looked most likely to be related to Mycroft.  “Sorry to interrupt your tête-à-tête -- do carry on eating,” he said, pulling up a chair from another table and miming “G&T” at their waiter. John didn’t think the man -- with his shock of white hair, ragged nails and dubious personal hygiene -- looked anything like either a spa user or a spa owner, even an apologetic one, but he didn’t care. The steak really was exemplary and he wanted to savour it without having to deal with a pouty Sherlock, who had, miraculously, managed to eat a few morsels of fish.
on him and report back to you?  For money?”
John sighed and let Sherlock hold his weight.  He was going to miss the pool, and he was now lamenting the fact that the first time they actually used it together was their final night in Holmes Hall.
Marjorie (Margie to her friends) was closing up for the day, but she welcomed John’s company and promised to send him home with a baguette if he’d help her sweep the floor.  He did so dutifully, and when she finally hung the “closed” sign on the window, he showed her the list of people Sherlock had written up.
“Fun.”
It’s dark now, and the lights are reflecting off the rain that’s running in yellow-tinted rivulets down the windows, and Sherlock feels as if they are sheltered, cut off from the rest of the world.  John’s body language is hard to read: on the one hand, he’s relaxed, sitting with his legs apart, arm over the back of the seat, his hand close to Sherlock’s head.  Something’s troubling him, however.  He’s nervous, sending little glances Sherlock’s way, looking as if he’s going to speak and then cutting himself off.
he thought.
And yes, I went there.  I'm so sorry.  With all the stuff going down in our world today, maybe it's good just to take a step back and laugh at our own humanity in the face of how barbaric we humans can be.
“Oh for God’s sake, John!  Out with it.”
A rousing cheer went up from the throng in the distance as another round of colour mortars exploded.
“No way.  Do not interfere with my clothes, Sherlock.”
In the back seat, Sherlock sat, no longer thinking about the upcoming consult (he had no data to go on yet, anyhow) but trying to discover why John Watson was so fascinating when he was so
John took a deep breath and tried not to laugh.  Eccentric old lady.  His own grandmother had passed away when he was only a child, and his mother, well, wasn’t very motherly.  They hadn’t spoken in years.  And his relationship with Harry was a disaster.  The only relationship with a woman he’d managed to achieve any sort of emotional intimacy with was Mary, and look how that ended.  They had “trust issues,” whatever that meant.  He hadn’t even called her when he was in hospital.  What was the point?  She had moved on.  And so had he, he supposed.
“You have ten minutes,” said Mycroft.
John ignores the hand and hugs him hard.
“You left it at Angelo’s,” supplied Sherlock.  “Your limp was psychosomatic, by the way. I don’t think it will trouble you again.”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow.  “Don’t you think I’ve tried?  I’ve been chucked out of  most of the major university labs and Cambridge threatened to sue me if I even approached the Medical Research buildings...I’m officially persona non grata.”
“Become something of a detective, has he?”
John leaned forward.  “Can you keep a secret?”
“You need a case.  Badly.”
“Are you expecting an army?” he asked, trying to put things in order.
Sherlock frowned.  “I am simply trying to convey that picking apart a daisy tells you nothing about someone’s true feelings.  All you’re left with is a mutilated flower.  Which is rather beside the point, I’d say.”
Sherlock stooped and took a bud between his fingers, examining it.  “They’re nearly ready,” he announced.  “See, look.  They’ll bloom.  Very soon.”
“Besides, composing for tuba helps me think.  It’s big, loud, and takes an incredible amount of finesse to coax anything melodic out of it.  Look at my lips, John.  They would be completely wasted on a string instrument.”
“I see him!” she said, panting.  “Go left!”
Sherlock looked at him, one eye peeking out from under his fringe as he lay face-down on the pillow.
Sherlock looked at John as if it were appalling that someone didn’t.
“He’s trying to protect me,” chuckled Mrs. Hudson, who set plates and then a steaming dish laden with eggs, bacon, and sausages.  “As if I need it.  I’m handy with a frying pan,” she added in a stage whisper.  John didn’t doubt it.
And then came Sherlock, and the garden, and a whirlwind of an unconventional romance.  Here he was, nine months later, feeling more whole and solid than he had in ages.  The anniversary of his being shot came and went.  John finally told Sherlock the whole story, watched as his lover’s eyes darkened and grew flinty, saw how he swallowed with undisguised loathing for the man who had caused John so much pain and suffering.  John would kill for Sherlock, and it was then that he knew that Sherlock would do the same.  After John had managed to explain everything, finally shared how he’d felt during those dark days of rehabilitation, Sherlock had drawn him close and held him with such ferocity that John had to tell him to relax before he suffocated.
thought John.
He couldn’t possibly imagine calling the place ‘home’, but some niggling feeling told him that perhaps it would do him some good to spend some time in the middle of nowhere.  He could work, and heal, and put himself back together again.  It would be like living in a museum for awhile.  It was beautiful, for certain.  For all the ugliness he had seen, perhaps a little beauty was what he needed.
John flung off his backpack and knelt at her side.  Her pulse was weak and rapid.  “What happened?” John asked, searching the sea of faces around him for someone who knew her.  He was vaguely aware that Sherlock had appeared by his side.
“You can still smell it, can’t you?” John said softly.  “The garden.”
“Yeah, me too.”
John stroked Sherlock’s split lower lip with his thumb.  “I guess so.  Does it hurt?”
For a moment John was terrified that the door would open upon a bright pink monstrosity, but instead the room was tastefully decorated in shades of caramel, sable, and forest green.  A large four-poster bed stood to the right and a fireplace with a large mantle to the left.  There was a desk with an original oil painting of a labrador retriever with a pheasant in its mouth above it.  Two plush chairs with carved wooden arms rested on either side of a bank of tall, curtained windows.  The floor was wood, but a thick rug covered most of it.  The bedside lamp was lit, giving the room a golden glow. It was tasteful and slightly masculine, modern but still completely in character with a stately manor house.  It was rather large, as well.  Three of the old bedsit in Croydon could have fit inside it.
“What ‘other guest’?”
“There is no key, really.  They just need a special blend of essential nutrients.  Garden lime and cow manure worked into the soil at the beginning of the season help, but you can do it anytime.  It’s a heavy feeder, so it needs more phosphorous during peak growing season to get it to bloom.  It’s prone to powdery mildew and black spot, annoyingly.  But growing roses is not that difficult.  Lestrade just has bad luck with them.  I suppose I could clue him in, but I rather enjoy watching him struggle.”
“Where are you?” he called, instantly alarmed.
John smiles, then shrugs off his jacket; he hangs it on the hook.  Sherlock is incredibly glad of it.
“No.  I meant it.  Let’s go into the village and poke around a bit.  Then we’ll head home.”  He leaned forward a bit conspiratorially.  “I believe there’s a bed to ruin there, too.”
“So that whole time I was sneaking around you were...swimming?”
“Not necessarily,” replied the elder Holmes, fingers steepled under his nose exactly the way Sherlock did.  John wondered how many of Mycroft’s idiosyncracies Sherlock picked up in his youth.  “Sometimes scandal can be quite good for business.  I’ll do what I can.”
Sherlock was quiet for a moment, then laughed.  “You amaze me, John Watson.”
His throat is dry and his heart races.  He rubs his brow.  Sherlock had given him the disc she’d left for him, and John had taken both of them and never watched them again.  He’d tried binning them once, but found he couldn’t.  “How?” he manages.  They haven’t used a DVD player in fifteen years.
“First editions, I’m sure,” said Sherlock, looking absolutely fascinated.  John wanted to laugh.  Sherlock
.  “How do you feel about being a damsel in distress?” he asked.
John drew back.  “Are you sure?”
John wondered, as he limped back to the house, if everyone at Holmes Hall was just a bit not right.
“No.”
He removed the muff from John’s hand (it was getting sticky now, anyway), discarded it somewhere on the bed and promptly forgot about it.
They sat there quietly for a moment, each lost in thought, until the robin flew into the garden to rest on the ledge of the birdbath.
“We’ll take good care of it,” John assured Sally.
John shook his head.  Everyone kept saying that, it seemed.  Sherlock chose his lot, and depression aside, John thought that the man was very comfortable in his own skin, as happy as he could be as long as his mind was stimulated.
He slipped his thumbs through a pair of tartan braces and tugged on them a bit.
Sherlock barely has time to register her smile before her skull collides with his and he sinks into the blackness.
Sherlock shrugs around the giant instrument.  “I’m thinking.”
“What did you say to him?” she marveled.
John abandoned his dripping cock and flung his arms backward, clinging to Sherlock as they shuddered together.  He turned his head back for a kiss; Sherlock’s mouth met his, their lips dry from panting.
The image of the corpse’s body came back to him.  The lack of his body hair was off-putting and unnatural.  So, no.  His body would respond to Sherlock’s regardless of what was under those suits, the simple joy of touch and response would outweigh any qualms John might have.  If Sherlock initiated the touch, if he kissed back, if he responded to touch with loud groans or soft whimpers or even with silence - John wouldn’t care.  It would be delightful.  He suddenly had a vision of his own hand trailing down Sherlock’s chest, over smooth pectorals...
He smiled, trying to be casual.  “Well, yes.  Considerate lover, right?”
me,” he said again.
“Less.  A...7.”
“And this,” said Sherlock, lowering the now three-quarters-empty bottle of wine from his lips, “is Viscount Richard Holmes*.  He had a rather alarming habit of performing suggestive dances at his annual spring ball.  He inherited over £110,000 after the passing of his father, which he put to work buying the most extravagant clothing and jewellery he could get his hands on.  He was most certainly a homosexual; his wife petitioned for an annulment to their marriage in 1900, stating that he’d never consummated it.  Rumour had it that he forced her to lie naked while he covered her body with jewellery and then sketched her.  He eventually found himself in debt.  At the end of his life he found himself in Monaco, dying of syphilis.”
“He was,” said Mr. Chapman, dislodging the cat and standing up to walk John out.  “It’s odd how things happen.”  He licked his lips and swallowed a few times.  “Do you have children, Doctor?”’
Mycroft stood, ever polite, and smiled.  John decided long ago that the Holmes brothers’ smiles were one of three types: genuine, false...or wicked.  This one was actually genuine.  Mycroft, as far as John could tell,
“What’s that?”
The next morning Mycroft joined John and Mrs. Hudson for breakfast.  John had to work, so he ate hurriedly and skimmed over the morning paper.
“What?” said John, lingering in the doorway.  “No dramatic arrival?  Did you teleport here?  Didn’t want to warn me of your arrival?”
John had insisted in putting on jeans and a jumper because if he was going to get arrested, he sure as hell wasn’t going to be handcuffed wearing pyjamas.  Once properly dressed, he and Sherlock sneaked out of the honeymoon suite, down darkened hallways, and through the doors that led to the spa entrance.  Keeping in fashion of the rest of Willow Cross, the doors were actually secured with an old-fashioned lock, which Sherlock picked easily while rain leaked through the trellised climbing roses and dripped on John’s head.
Seemingly oblivious to John’s plight, Sherlock droned on, “...until her husband passed away. Must be one of many children; left home for university in London but was forced to return when another sibling could no longer care for her mother.  Overqualified for the job she’s currently doing but earns enough to provide for both herself and her mother, but the house is falling to bits, and she is worried about the future. Feels great responsibility because she is not only the oldest but the only daughter.  Enjoys cooking and, even though she thinks she may be a bit too old for it, going to concerts with her girlfriends.
“Oh yes.  Please don’t mess up the index.”
Sherlock made a disgusted noise.  “This is a
John closed his eyes and counted his heartbeats.  “What do you...are you usually...?”  He didn’t know any better way to put it.  John really didn’t know the vernacular of gay sex.  “Top or bottom?” he managed to get out.  He didn’t want to force Sherlock into something he would find distasteful or wasn’t used to.  When he realized that penetrative sex was likely on the agenda for the weekend, John decided he would be all right with anything.  Being penetrated would be...different (he’d had a tip of a finger once during a particularly spectacular blow job and that hadn’t been uncomfortable in the slightest), but the idea of being filled by Sherlock, having that beautiful cock stuffed inside of him, filling him up - well, he could deal with that.
Navya was more than eager to meet them before her shift started.
Bodies
floated somewhere in the back of John’s mind.   “This is a place for bodies, John.  Bodies are
“It’s
“And maybe locum work if there’s no case on.”
in there.”  He laced his fingers through Sherlock’s, brought his hand up, kissed his fingers.  “Case, remember?”
.  From the way the man was talking, John was beginning to wonder if he was really hired not to protect the property, but maybe someone on it.  Maybe he wasn’t hired to keep someone
observe, contrary to what Sherlock believed.  The the elder Holmes was looking at Lestrade, well, differently.  John would have to ask Sherlock about it later.  It only lasted a moment, however, before Mycroft deposited his napkin on the table and stood.
do you have sex toys?  Wait, I thought you said you know, um, didn’t have any desire to, you know, until I came along.”
John was fairly sure the door wouldn’t be behind an ancient rosebush, but the rest of the wall was hidden by ivy and decorative shrubbery.  “Do you ever prune the ivy?” he asked, hoping to get something out of Lestrade.
John’s heart leapt into his throat at the very suggestion.
It was the hair that did it.  John’s scalp has a particular smell, one that I equate with home, of comfort and physical well-being.  Of tea and rain and testosterone.  It’s a very human smell, and it makes me salivate.  The longer his hair gets, the stronger the smell is, and while he looks smart with a close haircut, I can’t say that I’m not a bit disappointed when he returns from the barber.  (I took his hat once.  I gave it back.  Eventually.)  As embarrassing as I find it, I have fantasies about John’s hair.  And I know he likes mine.  I do have nice hair.  He’s even said so.
“What did this fall out of?” he asked.
“No.”
We had years of issues to work out, and neither of us is particularly good at discussing complicated emotional things.  We spent hours just tangled together, breathing each other’s air, touching just to remind ourselves we were still there.  I hadn’t been sexually active in nearly six years, and John was still trying to deal with his long-repressed bisexuality.  Yet as we always do, we eventually figured it out, what brings us pleasure, how we express our love.
“I’m actually tired,” Sherlock replied, turning so John could spoon against his back.  “You’re warm.”
“Say something intelligent, John.”
“My parents didn’t go to church,” Sherlock informed John.
“Please tell me you didn’t hire a car.”
“But he fell,” said John after Sherlock seemed to dry up.
John froze at the pronoun clarification.
Sherlock swallowed and said something John couldn’t quite make out.
In the back, Sherlock rolled his eyes and heaved a sigh of great suffering, not that anyone was paying attention to him.
“I think it could work,” said John eventually, stretching his legs out in front of him.  “You and me, in London.”
“You know how he is.  He gets ideas in that head of his and then forgets about all common sense.  Anyway, I made the two of you supper.”  She stopped sweeping and leaned in conspiratorially.  “I think he wants to apologise,” she mock-whispered.
“My penis has previously never been so close to a muff.  And this one was too small for my fingers.”  Their eyes met.  Sherlock blinked at John.  “What?
John has an average of ten erections during an eight-hour period of sleep.  I have to admit that I’ve stayed awake all night on several occasions just to feel him harden, his penis twitching as it swells against me, only to feel it soften again a few minutes later when he wriggles and rearranges himself in the bed.  He gets hot easily, says I cling.  Can’t help that.  Sentiment.  I am more than fond of John.  So is my penis.  And we are both awake.
“All of them?” asked Sherlock.
John thought of his own small and dingy childhood home.  Holmes Hall was grander than anything he’d imagined as a boy.  “Fine then.  Do you have any better ideas?” he asked, propping himself up on his elbow.
“Yes,” breathed John.  “Anything.”
That was that, then.  He conceded defeat.  John had failed at very few things in his life.  He was rotten at the clarinet, he never could cook a perfectly hard boiled egg, he’d married an assassin, and now, he was not going to be able to please the only person he ever wanted to have sex with again in his life.
“I know.  Saw them when I was last here, so I brought these.”  She reached into her bag and brought out a small, clear plastic bin.  “Two-spot ladybirds.   You can buy them on the internet.”
“I did not.”
Moments later, Sherlock says he’d be lost without his blogger.
John climbed back onto the bed, pulled the covers off Sherlock and replaced them with himself.  “I bet Lestrade’s team is here.  Let’s get up.  Have breakfast.”  John trailed a hand down Sherlock’s back and side, then sat up a bit and looked at his arse.  Still perfect.  Memories of what he
He was just starting into the upstairs library when he actually
“It’s great.  Thanks.”  It really was; John had enjoyed thumbing through it.  “No bow tie today?”
“You’re afraid I’m going to embarrass you.”
“John?” he said.  “Please.”
“Has he always kept such a close eye on you?”
John hears traffic outside; it’s not light yet, but the night will fade away soon.  Sherlock’s laughter still rings inside his head.  He’s too tired to go upstairs.  He reaches for the blanket, realizes the lolly stick, still covered in green residue, is now stuck to his leg.  He pulls it off and holds it in his left hand as his right attempts (and fails) to cover himself.
“The paperwork was, let’s say, expedited.  It is occasionally beneficial to have a family member in government.  That, and Sally Donovan.”
This Sherlock was dressed in tight dark jeans, suede ankle boots, a dark plum-coloured button-down shirt and a black leather jacket. John had to do a double-take.  He looked like a model.  An arrogant and handsome model, complete with leather manbag.
John clenched his hand again.
“Not that we know of, but...”
“I’m getting you some soup, at least.”
Owens swayed on his feet; John rushed forward and helped him into his chair. He looked deflated, as if someone had simply unplugged him and he had nothing left.
John hung back, tucking the keys into his pocket, as Sherlock surveyed the garden.  Sherlock stood close to the door; John watched the sunlight catch in his hair and found himself appreciating the line of Sherlock’s back, the curve of his arse.
“Stop interrupting.  I thought perhaps I wouldn’t like it.”
Beside him, Sherlock slept deeply.  As tired as he was himself, John felt a certain duty to stand guard, to protect the person he held most dear.  They were together now for the long haul, he figured.  Things were different now, the tension and pain of the past slipped away behind them, not forgotten, but less harsh, like rocks polished by the sluice of a free-flowing stream.  Once again they were being drawn together, the chemistry between them flaring to life.  John felt the pull of attraction borne not only of love and respect but also of desire; feelings once buried finally being allowed to percolate to the surface.
“No,” said John.  “I escaped.”
“How do you feel about a pedicure?”
“Well, could you donate them?  To a theatre or something?”
John finally gets it.
I think of that mouth now, its taste and texture, and imagine it on other parts of my body: ghosting over the expanse of my chest, my abdomen, penis and testes.  The way he will use it to gasp “fuck” and “Jesus” and “Sherlock.”
“Mummy enjoyed going to the Grand Theatre and Opera House, and my father liked visiting the tropical gardens at Roundhay Park.  We were often busy when I was young, but Mummy got started on her research and Mycroft went off to London and... I enjoy solitude.  Sometimes I’d go into the city by myself, just to explore.  It’s not London, but it’s a decent enough place.  Above-average crime rate. Harold Shipman studied medicine there.”
One of the worst parts, John thought, of being a responsible adult (and one who generally disliked dishonesty) was having to report to work when there were other, more exciting things to be doing, like solving a twenty year old mystery with his genius detective friend-turned-lover.  He wanted to be there when Sherlock worked it out, when he finally deduced who shook his father off the ladder and why.
So with all the grace of a prepubescent child, Sherlock Holmes lifted one of those perfect arsecheeks off the seat and farted so spectacularly that he could no longer be ignored.  The resounding noise eclipsed that of the idling trucks (fuck the peacock - think bellowing rhinoceros) and by the time a wide-eyed John and a slack-jawed Lestrade turned to look back at him, the smell, which was by far more potent than anything produced by a sausage roll, permeated the vehicle.
John kisses him a week later.
Mike nodded.
“The craving is still awful.”
Uh-oh.  Here it came again.  “Let’s not talk about him anymore.”
“There’s nothing
“Was Mr. Holmes involved in the community in other ways?” John asked, trying to steer the conversation back to Mr. Holmes’ life before Sherlock entered it.  John knew it had to hurt, unearthing all the old memories Sherlock had probably worked so hard on burying.
“Going?”  Sherlock buttoned his jacket and gave John a look before crossing back over to whisper in his hear, “No.  Not going.
Redbeard had it all figured out.
, touch your feet, your feet of all places, John, and you get an
“I’m not sure he feels things like you or I do,” John volunteered.  “Love.  Intimacy.  I don’t even think that’s a blip on his radar.”
Author’s note:  Well, everyone.  Here it is: the end of the longest fic I’ve ever written.   The longest ANYTHING I’ve ever written.
“You know,” said John, after going in for a soft kiss that soon turned sloppy and heated, “you left something out of my sexual skill-set earlier.”
“He was a bit more than ‘pissed off,’ Greg.  Jesus.  He’d better not be out of it on smack somewhere.”  He shook his head, angry at himself, angry at Sherlock for not even hearing him out.
“...anal penetrative sex with a man…”
“It’s been our biology forever.  Nothing’s changed.  Testicles behave as testicles should.”
“You know what?  Forget it.  Sorry.”
The men tucked into their breakfasts as Mrs. Hudson regaled her employer with the latest local gossip.
Sally’s lips became a thin line for a moment.  “How can I be of assistance?”
“Sherlock,” he whispered, hating to stop their current activities but realising the inevitable if they didn’t.  “Sherlock, it’s getting light.”
John sighed.  “I doubt a murderer would sit down, discuss the weather, her children, and the husband she did in.”
“Can I rub against you?” asked Sherlock fitting his prick in the cleft of John’s arse.  “Just like this?  I won’t go in.”
“To be honest, Mycroft said very little.  Apparently there’s something dodgy going on in the spa.”  Sherlock waggled his eyebrows, and they looked at each other before breaking up into laughter.
John raised an eyebrow at that.  “Who?”
Sherlock was waiting for him at the front entrance, balancing himself on the bike with one foot on the ground.  As John approached, he was aware of a strange, vaguely uncomfortable feeling bloom in his gut.  He guessed he really hadn’t expected to drive, but to ride as the pillion passenger gave him a bit of pause.
As usual, he had all 25 samples arranged in order from west to east before 4pm.  He showered, shaved, picked at a few biscuits, played his violin, and within two hours, was bored and desperately lonely.  For John, that was.  He tried valiantly to occupy himself by tidying up a bit (boring), washing the sheets on their bed (necessary but even more boring), and seeing if there was anything under the stove that might be worth his attention (sadly, also boring).  Then he remembered the box that John brought up from Mrs. Hudson’s.  Intrigued, he theatrically dumped the entire contents on the coffee table.  The stuffed owl rolled off the table and lost a wing.
what he was hired to do?  Chase howling ghosts in the night?
“Hi,” said John, not really knowing what else to say.  Sherlock jerked his head, indicating John should come in, then slammed the door rather spectacularly behind him.  “So, um.  I assume you’re staying?”
“Rubbish.”
“Not my fault you weren’t listening.”
with this?”
“Go for it.  I’ll be back at five.  Don’t blow anything up until then, all right?”
, my John kissed me and I could hear the locks to at least five rooms in my mind palace break and fall to the floor.
“My roses!”
relationships.  He despises them.  Always prattling on about how inhibiting they are.”
“This isn’t creative, Joyce!  This is obscene!  This sheet is
“Mmm.  Three hours.”
At one point, John felt Sherlock watching
“What about the ticklish bit?”
“You know,” says John, “Once we got these new tourniquets, really great devices, and I trained my entire unit with my fly open.”
“Shit,” said John, swallowing.  “Sorry.  Wow.  How...what is that spot?”
John found the room easily and locked himself in.  He imagined that Sherlock would be able to tell the man’s entire life’s history from the can of economy shaving foam, toothbrush, and comb on the sink.  All John saw was the evidence of a man who lived alone and somewhat frugally.
Sherlock looked rather blank.  “I owe him a favour.  He called it in.”
“What’s it called?”  John had learned that roses, the prize racehorses of gardens, had extensive and complicated nomenclature.
Oh.  It was all an act then.  John found himself disappointed.  “I see.”
do well with tears.  “Right under my nose, in my very own home!”
“I always knew I’d end up back here,” John says quietly.  “I should never have left.”
“So maybe he pressed it, as Maggie has done, in a book.  Or used a flower press.  He could have had it freeze-dried, I suppose.  But if he were trying to keep it secret, he could have bought silica powder and dessicated it.  Or just hung it upside down for a while, like drying herbs.  It would be pretty dusty and brittle by now, though, unless he kept it under glass or in a box somehow.”
“Jesus.”
John manages, but barely.
“Is once a night not enough for you, Mr. Holmes?”
“What were you doing up here?  Mrs. Hudson called me at work.”
John liked the look of the pool at night, the glass ceiling above them dark and shadowy, the water clear and inviting.
“Well, I’m starving.  If you’re eating, I’ll be in the kitchen.”
“Amelia.  Yes, she still lives in town.  She’s in the choir at church.”
“Sherlock?”
“Oh,” James said at length, wiping his hands on a towel.  “Oh!  Look, John, it’s a perfectly normal biological response.  It’s happened loads of times.  I don’t even notice any more.”
, his toothbrush) all indicate his permanence.  Sherlock is sharing his life with someone -- successfully -- for the first time in his adult life.
Sherlock was face-down on the bed, face mashed against the mattress, his pillow lost on the floor.
“Therein lies the challenge.  To be honest, simply knowing would be better than nothing.  Keep doing that thing.  With your fingers.”
“Let’s sleep now, OK?”
“But to be honest” --he looked around-- “it feels a bit odd.  Kissing in my father’s garden.”
Smiling in spite of himself, John reached out and smoothed Sherlock’s hair, which was in a complete state of disarray.  Sherlock leaned into the touch.  No wonder he’d been so guarded with his body; Sherlock Holmes was
“It’ll do,” Sherlock says at last.  “Your lips are really much better suited for the clarinet.”
“You’re not just any man, Sherlock,” John said.  “You’re...you.  And you’re brilliant.  Gorgeous.  A bit insufferable.  It’s different, yeah.  But it’s good.  Very, very good.”
I was challenged by JanusJupiter on Tumblr to write something erotic with the word "moist" and make it actually work.  Erotic and gross.  My favorite combo.  Keepin' it real, yo.
“That’s the thing,” said John as they walked down the hallway.  “It’s not a trick.  It’s…”  He couldn’t think of the words.  “It’s just Sherlock,” he settled on.  “Thanks for letting him in.  I don’t suppose it will be a regular thing.  He’s not got the best people skills, I’ll warn you.”
“I beg your pardon?”
John marvelled at it all, the masculine planes and heavy muscles of Sherlock’s body: the curve of his deltoid, bicep, pectoral.  He ran his fingers over the bones of Sherlock’s ankles, the arches of his long, pale feet, brushed his hands up the hair on his legs, thumbed a little smooth, bare patch on the insides of Sherlock’s thighs that made Sherlock squirm and laugh in delight.
“Damn right I wouldn’t.  Wait - there’s more to it, isn’t there?”
Yes, this has been reposted.  There was a small but significant error in chapter 9 that affected chapter 10, but I edited 9 and kept 10 as it is.  If you read them already, you probably won't even notice, but it was a consistency thing that messed with the plot, kind of.  Thanks for pointing it out, CC.
“You may as well let her go to Glastonbury,” Sherlock says, recalling the last major spat between the two Watsons.  “She’ll definitely get very muddy and quite possibly drunk, but she’ll be perfectly all right.”  Rosamund Mary Watson might be five foot two, but she’s been taught self-defence by two men who know how to fight.  “Get your coat.  Dinner.”
, he thought.
“Experimentation is fine, if done in the right way.  Let me be very clear on this, Sherlock.  If you start publishing data on what my diet does to the chemical composition of my semen, we’re done.”
“I suppose that’s a good one to keep.”
The case was fairly open-and-shut now that the suspect was in custody.  Sherlock was brilliant, as usual, and the suspect --now minus a spleen-- admitted his guilt readily.  Both of them were ready to head back to London and not stay another day in Glasgow, and so they caught the 10am train.
~Finis
John unclenched his shaking hand and pointed at Sherlock with the other.  “No, you look here.  I’m not risking you getting hurt for this.  Not like that.  Don’t ask it of me.”
Sherlock opened his mouth to answer, but just then Sally came round the bend, saw them at the window, and gave a little nod.  Sherlock stood as she came in.
“Mycroft’s a regular.”
“Pheasant’s not in season.”
“Well, now, gentlemen, how may I help you?”
a reader, although his tastes were usually for popular crime dramas or spy novels.  He’d paid attention in English literature classes, however, and remembered the gist of many of the classics he was required to read for A level.
Sweet Lord.  John had liberated Sherlock’s libido from years of sublimation and repression and was quite sure he was going to pay for it.  He wondered if the detective would be able to hide it away again during cases, or if midnight stakeouts were going to be much more enjoyable.
“She’s that good?” John asked, trying to calm the woman down before she had a stroke.
“It’s not a ‘new relationship’, Sherlock.  It’s just, um, added a new dynamic?”
“Right.  Well, I’m afraid I don’t have many options at the moment, and no other place to be.  I guess I’ll be your man.”
The parts of them that made them men touched, cocks trapped flush between slick bellies.
“Shall I carry you over the threshold?”
“No experiments?”
, glass eyes, natural death, taxidermy likely done in the ‘40s based on the mount, oft-moved, traces of stage makeup on its legs where it was obviously over-handled.  Stage prop, then.  Amateur production of
But he couldn’t.
John really was a horrible liar, so he simply told the truth.  He was finding it remarkably easy that day.  “Mycroft really did send us.”
Tell him?  Tell him what?  What was it he wanted to hear?  John, holding on to Sherlock with every ounce of his strength, could think of nothing coherent to say, except for the words that were already there, ready to tumble out of his mouth. One final thrust, deep, and John was coming -- again -- as he clung to Sherlock’s trembling form.
“Hm-hmm.  As fine as I think your arse is -- I can’t wait to get your trousers off, by the way -- I have no intention of penetrating it.  Of course, unless you want me to.  Kiss me again?”  John did.  “Perhaps I should have clarified.  Not that I’ve had a lot of experience in this area.  It’s been a very long time since I have been sexually active.  But I’m rather keen on the idea of you penetrating
No sooner had he exhaled, however, when he heard a car coming around the bend.
It was the first time Sherlock had said it aloud, and John’s heart swelled, full of emotion and overwhelming joy.
“No, it’s not,” said Sherlock, irritation seeping into his voice.  He held up a paper.  “Because the day my father died, Miles Donovan was up before the Leeds magistrates for ABH.  Punched a fellow traffic warden, apparently.  Looks like his violent streak extended beyond his family.”
“You’re always so kind, Harriet,” he said sarcastically.  He lay on his bed, feeling very tired and small.
Lestrade frowned into his beer.  “John,” he began.
John heard Sherlock swallow.  “That,” he said softly.  “What this must be.  I’m not…”  He swallowed again, pushing down emotion.  “I don’t know…”
“John,” said Sherlock.   “I was trying to inform Andrew here that drugging people’s drinks is not only illegal, but rather immoral as well.”
Sherlock wasn’t lying.  No wonder he agreed so readily.  “No,” said John, trying to sound serious.  “No, no, no, absolutely not.”
During this monologue, Sherlock had moved his palm to John’s chest, where it settled over his scar.
“Would you… how would you feel if I went out with someone?” he finally asks.
John frowned.  “Been here long?” he asked.  Although he knew the room wasn’t “his”, per se, the thought of someone entering without permission rubbed him the wrong way.
“I’ve wanted to do that for so long…” Sherlock said when they finally broke apart, panting.  “So long.”  He took a deep breath and let it out slowly.
“I love you, too, you impossible man.”  John leaned forward and nosed at Sherlock’s face until their lips met.  “Let’s sleep now.  Tomorrow we’ll track down Donovan.”
“Sherlock Holmes.  There’s something not right with him.  He lives for things like this.  Gets off on it.  It’s sick.”
“Shit,” John swore, startled.
“I helped Lilly with Mycroft.  He was such an easy baby!  He entertained himself, always watching everything and everyone.  He would play by himself for hours.  But you!  You were a terror, Sherlock Holmes.”  She turned to John.  “He was silent until he was nearly two, and then he threw the most awful temper tantrums known to man.  He made a colossal mess everywhere he went.  And don’t even get me started on what he got up to in the kitchen.”
best,” Sherlock quoted, and then his face rather quivered, his lips doing some sort of simultaneous smile-frown thing that John would remember for the rest of his life.
“You did?  Whatever for?”
“‘The Gardener and the Manor.’  Hmm.  I’ve never heard of that one.”
He might as well stay.  If anything, he could chalk it up to an adventure.  Big house in the moors, mysterious owner, strange-but-friendly housekeeper.  Not too far away from Leeds; he could commute.
“Because you wear your wedding ring?”
.  Just a bit, not even the entire head.  Fantasy Sherlock was beginning to get impatient.  “People do this all the time,” he rumbled.  “This is what I want, what I need...just relax and let me…put...it...in...you...”
Sherlock took one more look at his wall and nodded.
“I could barely walk in there, it’s so full of boxes.  I left the sheets on the bed, though.”
Sherlock smiled, removed John’s hand, and disentangled himself from their embrace.  He adjusted himself in his trousers and sat back.  “I have to admit there’s something very appealing about romantic liaisons among the flowers.”
“Sheets are in the linen cupboard.”
John removed his hand to unbutton another button, this one further up.  Free of restrictions, John explored Sherlock’s chest, the dichotomy of warm, smooth skin and soft, sparse hair.  Sherlock arched into the touch when John’s fingers found a nipple.
So far, Sherlock hadn’t protested, so John increased the pressure on the next pass, which caused the detective to groan loudly.  “It’s fine,” he said when John stopped.  “You can do it harder.  If you want.”
Sherlock stretched, yawned, and then rolled over on top of his lover and rolled his hips.  “Yes.  For instance, I think I quite like morning sex,” he said, mouthing at that spot under John’s ear that the doctor particularly liked.
Wasn’t it?  Wasn’t it?
.  Sherlock Holmes, world’s only consulting detective, had turned into a jealous prat.  Oh, this was too good.  The whole thing - the hair, the waxing, the stupid, stupid honeymoon suite- it was almost as if the very force of nature were moving the two of them together, telling them to stop acting like idiots and just get on with it.  Once the case was solved, John told himself.  They’d solve this case, and then, well, then he’d march right up to Sherlock and claim what was his.
“There’s no evidence,” said John, taking the paper out of his pocket.  “But he’s convinced that his father’s death is suspicious and I’m inclined to believe him.  We thought we’d start by just asking some questions in town, try to work out who would have been around and might know or have seen anything.”
Suddenly, John felt very old and boring and completely unworthy of Sherlock Holmes, gorgeous naked sex god.  He huffed a sad-sounding sigh.  “I’m sorry, Sherlock.  It looks as if you’ll be stuck with Grandpa John and his plain old vanilla sex preferences for the time being.”
Sherlock shrugs in a way that clearly means
thought John, before Sherlock’s hand was back, wet, reaching around.
Maybe he just needed to move it a bit, try a gentle thrusting.  That was worse.  The stretch was too much, it was so uncomfortable -- he’d reached down, pulled it out, and lobbed it across the room.  It had hit the wall with a rubbery thump.
“She’s in anaphylactic shock,” said John, before yelling, “We need an EpiPen!” as loudly as he could.  “Anyone have an EpiPen?  Get one!  Ask around.  NOW!  What’s she allergic to?”   No one had an answer.
Mrs. Hudson’s sitting room, usually so immaculate, was covered with stacks of dusty junk.  It was as if she had turned the contents of every drawer and cupboard in the place inside out.   “Just a few things,” she’d said, and then opened the door to such spectacular disarray that John couldn’t help but raise his eyebrows.
Sherlock continued to laugh.  John could feel his lover’s persistent erection hit him in the thigh.  “I spent the better portion of the week locked in my head trying to figure out a way to make myself more sexually appealing to you. If I had not had such an unfortunate experience with the sugar, I would have a perfectly bald chest, belly, and bum.”
“I haven’t slept for almost 72 hours, either. I don’t sleep much as it is, but I’d rather be sleeping than rolling around in my own sweat.”  He plucked at his t-shirt.  “Disgusting.”
Sherlock pressed John up against the door and kissed him, but John found the doorknob with his fingers and ducked inside, sending them both half-sprawling into the room, where the game began anew.  John went around his bed, then over it, laughing as Sherlock reached out to grab him.  But John wasn’t quick enough; Sherlock’s long-fingered hand caught his ankle, and John was trapped.
from him.  God, I’m a sucker.  Anyway, he had this and I thought you’d like it.”
Sherlock rolled on his socks and tied his shoelaces; John tried not to think about feet.  “That is the question,” he said.
hear something -- a muffled shout, and then maybe a retching, followed by what sounded like breaking china.  Every hair on his body stood on end.  For a moment, he considered going down to the study to grab the shotgun, but thought better of it.  Keeping close to the wall, he moved slowly down the main hallway toward the east; each room was empty, and everything was still.
John heard the trickle of water before he saw anything - the place was as dark as a tomb.  He shone his torch from wall to wall, seeing a bit of greenery there, a cupboard there, but couldn’t make out much from the small beam of light.  He stepped into the room, shut the door quietly behind him, and fumbled for a light switch, flicking it on.
at it.”
And then, as if John’s heart couldn’t beat any faster, Sherlock rather
“She is,” Sherlock confirms.
Sherlock said things.  He said things that made electricity race down John’s spine, made him shiver and twitch.  Sherlock said things that made John’s balls throb and his pulse race, made him go boneless and spread his legs.
“Something like that.  Yeah.  Huge, actually.  A real behemoth.  Biggest dick in London.”
“Don’t care,” murmured Sherlock against the side of his neck, licking and nibbling.
“I love you,” said Sherlock softly.  John could feel the sandpaper of his chin brush against the skin of his back as he spoke.  “I love you so much.  Sometimes I simply cannot believe that you return the sentiment.  That you want me to touch you, that you want to touch me.  That you honestly want to live with me.”
John huffs a laugh.  “It’s nothing.”
John opened his mouth for a reply and found that nothing came out.
“Don’t be silly.  I’d make myself up.  I just need someone to rub against.”
a couple’, Lestrade’s voice came floating back to him) John wasn’t sure if ‘partner’ is even what they’d call each other.  He was so taken aback that he forgot about being angry and stopped following what Sherlock was saying until Sherlock said, “Isn’t that right, John?”
“Really?  What was it this time?  A treatise on toadstools?  Oh!  Did you publish that thing you were working on last month?  With the Devil’s foot poison?”
“Yes.  There is one thing I need to tell you, though.  I think you already know what it is.”
One of the most marvellous things about being penetrated, John thought, was that he could feel Sherlock inside him, his hard length, and if he concentrated, he fancied he could even feel his pulse through his cock.  He wasn’t so accustomed to it that it wasn’t completely without discomfort, but the pressure eased quickly enough.  Sherlock hit his prostate best like this, from behind, and while they couldn’t easily kiss or look at each other in this position, John found that he could close his eyes and just concentrate on the bright spark of pleasure that radiated every time Sherlock thrust in.  Sherlock was controlled in his movements, too; John never felt as if he were getting jabbed, poked, or used, but rather like he was welcoming Sherlock into his body, that he was not simply allowing it, but offering it because it honestly felt good.  Even now, as Sherlock was beginning to thrust forward, pulling out just an inch or so to push back in, John felt the pleasurable tug of his stretched rim, the lubricant letting them slide together as if they were meant to: a well-greased engine, a mechanical marvel.
John looked.  Indeed, there were marks.
He said goodbye to Metcalf and rode his bike back to Holmes Hall, a big, empty house that was no longer his home.
Eventually Sherlock drags out the other chair and sits directly behind him, wrapping his long arms around John’s body and showing John how to press the levers.  It’s intimate, and hilarious.  They end up like two children trying to drive a car -- John blowing away into the mouthpiece as Sherlock presses his fingers over John’s on the levers.  It sounds terrible and both of them are having an absolute blast playing a bastardised version of “My Generation” until Mrs. Hudson jabs at her ceiling with a broom handle, something she’s taken to doing whenever they argue too loudly.
“Not necessary,” Sherlock said, waving his hand in John’s direction.  “Just stick to the facts.”
“Right.”  John clenched his hand.  “I can see why you have so many friends.”
“I’m not sure this is the proper milieu…”  Sherlock looked around the room. There was an older woman in the corner who was reading a book but had earbuds in, a feverish teen a few seats away who was too incoherent to care, and his half-asleep mother.  “But, if you must know…”  He leaned in conspiratorially and whispered in John’s ear, “The exact moment of penetration.”
In the back, Sherlock rolled his eyes, not that anyone was paying attention to him.
“Sherlock?” he called, tapping softly with a knuckle.
John looked down.  The handkerchief was already soaked.  No use evading.  And he couldn’t stitch it by himself.  “You wouldn’t happen to be able to stitch this up for me, would you?” he asked.  “I don’t have anything.”
“Well, Lillian,” he whispered to himself, “let’s see what you’re doing in here.”
“Jesus, Sherlock,” breathed John when Sally had left.  “It’s him.  Sally’s father.  Jesus Christ.”
“Thanks.”
“He’s no amateur, you know that.  And if you want to talk to him, I’m sure you know where his room is.”  John got up and rinsed his bowl.
“Nothing.  It’s just that just this morning at Jimmy’s I saw this advert on the bulletin board in the doctors’ lounge.  I even took a picture of it -- quite the place, thought I’d show Margaret.  She loves old houses.  Sounds perfect for you.  Hang on a tick, I’ll send it to you.  What’s your number?”
“I said, point taken, John.”
“And then she said that if I really wanted to live somewhere else, it could be arranged.  They were so furious with me that they sent me to stay with my Aunt Jean for a week.  I didn’t leave home again until I was officially allowed.”  John laughed, remembering.
“So, what makes it bloom?  What’s the key?”
“I’ll look into it,” said Mycroft.  He looked for all the world perfectly at home.
“Mycroft keeps tabs on him.  Give him a ring.”
John’s fingers hover around his own mouth for a moment.  “You’ve got a poppy seed.”
“Then be clearer.”
Lestrade looked uncomfortable for a moment.  “He’s got a brother,” he said.  “Problems.”
Now he has to go home to Sherlock, who will know immediately that something went wrong, and will, without a doubt, expound on
Melissa gave them a perplexed look at Sherlock’s desire to accompany John but not participate.  She showed them both into the “Forest Retreat” room, produced a plush robe and slippers from a cupboard, and told John to enjoy himself.
Sherlock moves closer.  They’re nearly touching through the glass.  She’s magnetic.
.  The article was entitled “Ask Dr. Rami -- a Q and A with London’s leading counsellor for gay men.”  Sherlock had closed his eyes and steepled his hands under his nose.
“OK.”
John paused, hands still warm on those globes of flesh before trailing a finger through the oil and down, very slowly and gently, just between his cheeks, from top to bottom.
Sherlock sat on the bed and undid his shoes, pulled off his socks, and then, with his usual nonchalance, pulled down his trousers and pants, which he actually left on the floor, probably for the first time in his entire life.  He flopped onto the bed and then stretched himself out in all his naked and aroused glory like da Vinci’s
“See?”
John plodded up the stairs.  His bed was especially cold.
She really was, thought John.  He hadn’t been the best of brothers in the past decade, however, either.  He could declare a temporary truce.
fine without him; he was alone and addicted and miserable.  John didn’t want to move out.  He just really wanted to, well, have an orgasm with another person.
“Yes,” replied Sherlock.  John was surprised he answered at all; usually once he was occupied behind the microscope, back ramrod straight and eyes bright, he didn’t speak except to demand his phone or something else that was usually within his reach.
John was still lying on the bench, looking at the clouds as they passed overhead when something in his peripheral vision caught his attention.  He sat up to see Mycroft lingering in the doorway of the garden.
John raised his eyebrows.  He hadn’t counted on Sherlock being publicly demonstrative.  He found he didn’t mind.
“Move,” he whispered, and climbed between those long legs.  He found the bottle, where it was spilling a bit onto the sheets, poured more into his palms, and began on Sherlock’s upper thighs, rubbing oil into muscles and over tendons, over the tender skin where leg joins body, before leaning down and pressing his face into Sherlock’s groin.
Sherlock stared at him for a moment before he smiled.  “Damn,” he said, then laughed, a genuine laugh that lit up his face.   “There’s always something.”  He shook his head as if he should have known better.  “When does your shift end?”
“It’s not an issue, Doctor Watson.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Mrs. Hudson waved her hands in front of her face a moment, then began to cry.
__________________________________________________
John thought.  “Some wrongs should be righted.”
Mycroft stopped then, found his teacup empty.  He folded his napkin and put it on the table beside him.
“I am perfectly content,” said Sherlock into John’s hair.  “To stay like this.”
“Why would you do that?” asked James with a confused laugh.
“Of course I am!” Sherlock yelled dramatically, his voice ringing through the dark hallway.  “Although I did have an uncle who dressed as a woman every so often; as far as I know, I am only the second homosexual Holmes.”  He frowned at himself and tested the words together again, amused by the alliteration.
“You’re a dick.”
“Why?  Because it arouses you?  That’s the point.”
Saturday found John wrestling with masses of overgrown morning glory vines that had completely taken over.  His left arm ached from hacking at it with the secateurs for hours.  Eventually he made it three quarters of the way down the wall when his clipping revealed a stump.  Touching its jagged edges carefully, John knew without a doubt that this must have been
.   How could he be happy with ‘normal’ after chasing criminals with Sherlock, holding on tight to his back as Sherlock wove through traffic.  Those were, by far, the best two dates of John’s entire life.
By the time they’d finished, it had gone 4 o’clock.  John, having had one of his best days in ages, found himself not ready to go back to Holmes Hall.  “While we’re here, is there anywhere else you’d like to go?”  He hoped he didn’t sound too eager.
“What exactly does she do?” John asked, trying not to sound too nosy.
“...is just some bloke you go around solving crimes with?  ‘Cause that’s bollocks.  And you know it.  You’re constantly touching.  And the way you’re always looking at each other?  Sometimes I’m afraid to come in the room in case you might be doing something in there.  Jesus.  Talk about sexual tension.”
“Taken a personal interest?”
“No.  Ha!  Why?”
It was on one of these paths now that they were walking, killing time before Sherlock was treated to a shortened version of “The Fountain of Youth.”  How Navya managed it remained a mystery, but Lillian had agreed to do the package sans bath and rest time, eliminating two hours from the original version.  John wasn’t keen on Sherlock being the test subject, but he had insisted and John simply couldn’t convince him otherwise.  Until then, they’d enjoy a stroll.
“Oh,” says Sherlock.  “Um,”  he looks around, pulls out one of the wooden chairs from their table, and indicates John should sit.  “Now, this particular tuba is sized for me, so it will be exceptionally large for you.”
She looked up, her large, brown eyes shining.  “Thank you,” she said.  “I’m really going to miss this place.  What’s next for you, John?”
“He had no disputes.  He had no one who would benefit financially from his death except myself and Mycroft.  I checked and double-checked his accounts.”  Sherlock rummaged for another folder and brought out pages of bank statements.  “Here.  Everything’s in order.  I suspected maybe there were some debts.  There weren’t.”
It’s obvious as soon as he opens the door why Sherlock has ceased his endless droning.
It turns out she’s not dead, after all.
that,” Sherlock spat, irritated.  “You’re not listening.”
“You lack finesse.”
“Why on earth do you keep staring at me?” John finally asked Lestrade, suddenly feeling self conscious.  “Do I have something...?”  He ran a hand over the top of his head.
The powder used in those races is simply cornstarch.
“Hey.  Hey, Sherlock…” John stood, realising he’d stuck his foot in his mouth.  “I didn’t mean anything by it, I…”
He dreamed.
Sally ignored Sherlock.  “Please call me Sally,” she said to John.
So, methodically, a bored Sherlock Holmes set about cataloguing the sensations of fur on every place he could reach on his own body.  He closed his eyes, held the muff from one side with four of his fingers inside it -- it
brilliant,” he said.
“And he is still ‘appreciative’?”  John gestured to the box of parts.
As it turned out, Sherlock had a beautiful smaller-than-average penis.  John found it fit rather well in his mouth, and he did not gag or sputter through his first blow job.  In fact, he found he could go for ages without his jaw aching whatsoever, of which was glad, as Sherlock tasted amazing.  That small penis was perfectly capable of shooting load after load across John’s chest, his face, his arse, his own larger-than-average penis.  John loved the way they looked together, the way they both fit in Sherlock’s hands.  John found he loved frottage, loved to watch that slim cock rub against his own as Sherlock rocked above him.  He loved to watch it bounce as Sherlock rode him.  As it turned out, that small prick felt lovely rubbing against his hole, although he found he didn’t particularly enjoy anything
“Don’t do that,” John said once he’d recovered.  “Please, don’t do that.  I’ve already told you about the hair.  The hair is fine.  I love the hair.  The hair is
he thought to himself, giddy.
“It’s hot,” announced the detective in an uncharacteristic display of obviousness.  The heat had made his hair frizz more than normal, and he looked uncomfortably warm even in his short-sleeve shirt and linen trousers.
prepared himself; his puckered arsehole shiny-wet, the dark hairs surrounding it slicked to his skin.  John breathed in and held it for a few seconds to calm himself down before taking his own wet cock in his left hand and rubbing the glans gently over it.
“Not with you.”
“Don’t bother.  This is likely the best room this place has.  If you’re brother’s footing the bill, then I say we spend liberally and make him wish he’d never asked you for favours in the first place.”
“You asked me earlier this week if I were having a personal crisis.  I’m afraid that the answer is yes.”
“Why ‘Golden Girl’?” asked Sherlock, interrupting and leaning in.
“Hi,” Molly beamed, clutching her clipboard to her chest.  “You’re, um, supposed to sign in,” she spluttered.  “Did you sign in?  They wanted me to tell you to sign in if you hadn’t.”
John’s still asleep, and I’m comfortable, so I’m perfectly content to stay like this, spooned up behind him, pressing my erection into his backside.  He’ll wake up soon.  I always do when I’m in this position, feeling him pressed up against my back.  Hello, sexy.
Jeanette laughs, but there’s little humour in it.  “He’s really something,” she says, nodding toward the sitting room.  “He always has to make a lot of noise, doesn’t he.  A real drama queen.”
“He’s remarkable with the horses,” added Mycroft.
“These are Dr. Martens,” he said.
“Right.”
“Listen.  Don’t listen like the little girl you once were.  Listen like the officer you are now.”  Sherlock relayed his suspicions to her exactly as he had first told John.  She listened intently.
John jumped back to the present. “Me and my sister, one of the last times that we...she used to trust me then. We'd trust each other. Not now, though.”
,” Sherlock interrupted, his face flickering through a range of emotions before settling on anger.
John stews angrily for a quarter of an hour before he finally sets the chair to rights and dusts himself off emotionally.  His phone pings:
Moriarty’s fingers hover, then withdraw.
“Military ward, Queen Elizabeth Hospital, Birmingham.”
Sherlock sat up and gave John a look of pure incredulousness.  “I don’t fish,” he stated.
“Hey, um, about your friend.  Are you two...”
“Rosie!”
Sherlock licked the wine from his lips. “And this,” he continued, moving to the next portrait, “is Royston Holmes.  He was a promising young playwright. But there was a scandal...he was packed off to Australia in the spring of 1925...and never came back.”
The only time John actually saw Sherlock genuinely weep was at when they saw Hilary Hahn perform Sibelius’ violin concerto at the Barbican.  Tickets had appeared in the post one day around Sherlock’s birthday (Mycroft’s doing, John assumed) and Sherlock seemed genuinely pleased to have them that John couldn’t say no to accompanying him, even if it looked suspiciously like a date.  In retrospect, it
John wondered what the hall would be like in the autumn, when the air was brisk and harvest ripe, or in the winter, when the wind whipped across the moors and fires roared in the fireplaces.  He would like that, he thought.  He and Sherlock, in front of a blazing fire, snuggling up for warmth with a nice brandy, maybe.  Then taking everything off, watching the flicker of firelight on Sherlock’s pale skin.
There it was: on the sole of Owens’ boot, the familiar wear pattern of the
“The bottle was slightly warmer than the rest,” replied Sherlock, the corner of his mouth turning up with pride at his own cleverness.  “You had obviously held it in your hand for a considerable amount of time, and the only reason you would have done that is if you’d got  lost in your thoughts, and because it was massage oil, you were likely thinking of either physical therapy or a massage of a more intimate nature, so your thoughts strayed to sex and you momentarily lost track of time, as you usually do when you think about sex.  I thought you might be able to appreciate it.  You go through shower gel at an alarming rate and that lotion you sometimes use is that horrible antibacterial stuff you bring home from the clinic.  Frankly, I can’t see how that would be at all comfortable on your genitals.  Not emollient whatsoever.”
“Yeah.”
Suddenly, with the swiftness of an agitated primate, she’s there, right at the glass.  “Don’t be stupid!” she yells.  Sherlock takes two steps back.  “You and your stupid games!  Mine have always been better.  Play with me, Sherlock, PLAY WITH ME!”
“It’s so...it’s so...oh God…”  Sherlock trailed off, unable to speak through his gasps and moans.  His voice suddenly rose an octave, groans becoming keens and whispers, before he arced up and back.  “Hand!” he gasped.  John reached forward with his left hand; Sherlock grabbed it and folded it around his cock.  “Now!” he groaned, “yes, oh, oh!” John pumped just twice before it began to pulse and spurt.
“I’d ask you where you learned how to do that,” said John, nodding in the abused chair’s direction.  “But I’m not sure I want to know.”
“Is he with you, then?” said the owner of the squawk.  A pretty girl, under too many precisely applied cosmetics.  “Out, the both of you!  Perverts!  I’ll call the cops!”
In all of John’s medical adventures dealing with men’s backsides, he had never seen one completely and utterly hairless.  A few of his female lovers had nearly stripped themselves bare, but here, at the body’s most secretive and sensitive of places, there was always some trace of hair.  Some bodies had it in abundance, where others just had a dusting – this man had none.  Jesus.  That must have hurt.
.  I was
Before they could sell, several repairs had to be completed, parts of the building needed new wiring, and teams of tradesmen soon arrived to finish restoring and renovating the lower level of the east wing.
Owens jumped.
“Well, that’s silly.  Who cares about an old pair of shoes?  Unless…”
With that, he took off as fast as he could, naked and dripping and praying he didn’t slip on the floor and crack his head open.  Behind him he heard Sherlock groan with frustration before he, too, hauled himself out of the water and gave chase.
“Hello,” he called softly.
“Oh, for Pete’s sake.  Look.  See that bright one there?  That’s Venus.  And that’s Jupiter, over there.  You can see the great red spot with a telescope.  Mars is usually bright but not this time of year.  And that one?  That’s Polaris.  It’s called the North Star and it’s used for navigation because…”
“I did,” she said proudly.  “Well, I commissioned it all, right down to the music and scented candles.  I figure if someone’s going to pay good money for an experience, he or she should have
“You were good, weren’t you.  In the war.”
“Any overt signs of deviousness?”
Resolved, he picked up his shirts and headed to the wardrobe.  He opened it and stared.  There was an entire four seasons’ worth of clothing inside: jackets and trousers hanging pressed and neat; soft jumpers folded precisely.  A stylish black shooting-style jacket with a corduroy collar and a leather patch on the shoulder.  Maybe Mrs. Hudson had put him in the wrong room by mistake.  He looked at the tag on a pair of the trousers: they were exactly his size.  Not many men had a 29” inside leg.  On the bottom of the wardrobe, two more pairs of shoes (size 8½), and hiking boots.  Nothing had a price tag.  Jesus Christ.
Their relationship, John knew, would be far from idyllic. They were still John and Sherlock.  They would fight.  They would solve crimes.  They would walk in Regent’s Park.  They would get into trouble.  They would bicker like an old married couple, share an amazing friendship, and comfort each other in times of need.  They would fuck; they would make love.  Their relationship would baffle everyone except the ones who knew them best, and they would give it their blessing.
“I told you, Jacob,” said Mr. Campbell.  “He has a thing.  On the internet.”
John ignored the blood and the museum worker who was glaring daggers in Sherlock's direction.  The fake meats were actually looking fairly appetising.  “Food, Sherlock.  Concentrate.  It’s not like you haven’t seen these before.”
“Have you ever had ‘The Fountain of Youth’ treatment yourself, Mr. Leybourne?” asked John.
Sherlock’s pout was instantly replaced with his false charm.   “Not at all,” he replied.  “My partner and I were just saying how impressed we are with the operation you’re running here.  And please do give my complements to the chef.  The fish is...
Navya nodded slowly, eyes never leaving Sherlock’s face, hypnotised by his brilliance.
“An ostrich cannot fly,” Sherlock scoffs.
Sherlock shook his head.  He looked profoundly sad.  “Not just any flower, John.  My father had wanted me to help him.  I snubbed him.  It would have been my rose.”
The man had essentially been living in a prison of his own making for the past twenty years.  It’s what you do with secrets.  Build walls around them, lock them up.  But it’s also what people do with treasure, with things of great value, delicate things, precious and beautiful things.  Wouldn’t it be wonderful to be free, to cast down those walls, unlock those gates, fling them wide?
“Yes.  That was one thing about her that really stood out.  After my divorce from Annabel, I’m afraid to admit, the old WC fell on some hard times. Relaxation and beauty treatments were more her kind of thing than mine.  I needed someone to give the place a good kick up the backside.’
“You should be in a clinic.”
Chapter Four: A Motley Crew
“Sherlock!”
“Mmm?”  John lay, completely sated and rather limp, on top of his lover.  “Am I too heavy?”
Sherlock smiled at this, drawing out the word, “Obviously” as his reply.
“Oh don’t look at me that way.  It’s not personal.  Sometimes I wonder what goes on in your funny little brains.”
To his mortification, John’s face instantly heated.  He heard Sherlock chuckle.
“I’m sure you were,” John said darkly.   His hand clenched around the vial in his pocket before pulling it out and holding it between his thumb and forefinger.  “So,” he continued, “whose idea was it to tip the needles?  Robert’s?  Or yours?”
, which wasn’t out of the ordinary.  Sherlock had said, at multiple points in time, that watching John’s reactions could lead him to various conclusions he might ought to not catch otherwise.  It was one of the most flattering things John had ever heard from the detective.  And, after all this time, he really
We’re not particularly talkative this morning.  Sometimes I can’t shut up, and other times John spends a considerable time uttering blasphemous curses to a God he doesn’t even really believe in anymore.  He’s grunting now because we’re working, as usual, in tandem: he’s pulling his cock as I’m fucking his arse with my fingers, for I am fucking him now, watching all the while as my top-button-always-buttoned lover sweats for me.  I want to put us together, wrap our cocks in my hand and rub against him, but I also want to come inside him.
“You like my hair.”
“Am not.”
Sherlock’s eyes were practically watering.  “Yes.”
Sherlock was running his fingers over John’s temple, smoothing away sweat and moving his hair off his brow.  “You’ve got five years.  Until it’s all gray.”
He points a finger in her direction.  “You first.  Always.”
“Hmmm.”  Sherlock kissed him, tasting of toothpaste, before shedding his own towel and climbing into bed.  “Come, John.  Sleep with me.”
“My goodness, that’s.  That’s awful,” said John, meaning it.  “About the accident.”
“She’s not at home,” said Molly as she walked toward her car, which was parked at the back of the house, by Lestrade’s garage.  “Went to the shops, and then for tea with Mrs. Sommers.”
He slips dental floss into the inside breast pocket of his coat the following morning.
Thankfully the sound didn’t give him a night terror, but he got up and went to the window nonetheless.  Mycroft’s familiar figure climbed out of the helicopter.  Another man --Lestrade?-- came to his assistance, and together they helped a third figure out of the machine.  He couldn’t see clearly, but it looked like the newcomer wasn’t walking well on his own.
“You should have been there,” Owens said to Sherlock at last.  “He wanted you to be.  I had something for him.  A parcel.  And I found him, balanced on that ladder trying to prune that blasted plum tree.  He was up too high and the pruning shears weren’t long enough.  I asked if I could help.”
“I am not restringing that damn rod.”  Off went his trousers.  “This bloody water had better not be too cold.”
“Ladies first, sis.”
“Really spectacular gardens,” Sherlock announced, unbuttoning his suit jacket and sitting.  “Seven separate bee species alone on the tea roses.”
Sherlock led them to the side, close to the house.  “I think there were some here.”  He knelt down, completely disregarding his trousers.  “There was a rock garden with some cacti.  My mother liked succulents,” he added, remembering.
a little bit around where Sherlock was still buried in him for assurance.  Sherlock shuddered in response and held him a bit tighter.
“And I’m not against trying new things.  You know, to spice things up once and a while.”
“Yes?”
legacy.  That’s out there, yet.  London calls.  Baker Street.  Not here.”
“Stop, stop!  You’re going to kill the roots if you hack at it like that,” grumbled Sherlock.
They finished packing the suitcase, and Mrs. Hudson put the muff back on top.  “Never liked that yucky thing.”
Oh great.  Riddles.  “What does that mean?”
“John, as well.”
“I’ll manage.”
Traffic slowed back down.  Lestrade was still on the phone, John scribbling away, and they were nestled between two lorries on either side whose engines were loud enough combined make Lestrade speak up a bit and put his finger to his ear.
Sherlock blinked.
“Shhh, John.  Everything is fine.  Stop thinking.”
THANK YOU EVERYONE for following along, and, for the final time, to my beta and hopefully now friend, BettySwallocks, who really did so much work on this.  Amazing how two characters can draw two random people together across an ocean.
John sighed and turned toward Sherlock.   “What you said.  In Scotland.”
John looked at him incredulously. “What?”
“But chess later?”  Sherlock shrugged out of his shirt and draped it over a lounge chair before toeing off his shoes.
Sally carried herself with confidence and was rather beautiful in her flowered blouse and tailored skirt, but John could tell she wasn’t exactly comfortable sitting with her old friend.  Something in her eyes was guarded.  John wondered if she blamed Sherlock for whatever happened when they moved away, blamed him for ruining her innocence and revealing all of her father’s sins.  Whatever it was, John knew she and Sherlock would never be friends again; colleagues, perhaps, but that bridge had been long burnt.
He loved the feel of Sherlock’s hip bones, the skin warm under his palms.  Sometimes Sherlock liked a rougher touch, liked to be gripped firmly by those hips while taking it from behind.  For now, John kept his touch gentle as Sherlock began to move above him.
John’s guts twisted.
“So,” said John as Sherlock ushered him in a staff entrance with a key card he procured from god-knows-where.  He was specifically asked to sign in at the front desk.   Sometimes there was even a fan or two milling about, asking for autographs that Sherlock pretended to be put out to sign but always did.  “A case, then?”
“I don’t know what is more terrifying: that I may have found my father’s killer, or that I’ve fallen in love with you.”
Every Tuesday he visited his counsellor, Ella.  Deep down he knew that he needed it, and never missed an appointment, but it was hard to connect. He spent a good deal of time each session threatening to leave because so far, she had done nothing for him and he wasn't feeling better. And he wasn't doing much in the space between visits. So much empty time. Like blank pages in a diary...or a computer screen, the cursor just blinking and blinking and blinking...
he thinks.    A smaller part of him whispers,
He knew that Sherlock would know if there was any missing, and he was so weirded out by Sherlock’s “data collection” that the bottle went promptly back on the shelf and John let the hot water wash away the day.
“James mentioned she’d studied in China.”
John nodded.
Sherlock stopped abruptly, opening and focusing his eyes.  He was instantly terrified, a look John had only seen in those eyes once before.  “Oh God. That’s...that’s not the right thing to say, is it?.  I meant...”  His face flushed, his eyes lowered, and for a moment John was sure he was going to climb off the bed and hide in the bathroom.
Sherlock was so cleaning it all up, if he ever returned home.
The thing was: all of that, the intimacy, the desire to be
John supposed his helpless groan would have to do for a yes.
Sherlock wipes his eyes again (the tears are still leaking out).  Looks at the wetness on his hands almost in disbelief.   “Perfectly normal stress response,” he manages to mutter.
“Thank you,” said John.  “He means thank you.”
you spectacular pervert!” or, even, “Why couldn’t you have waited!”.
“Of course.”
“I know,” John said, and kissed Sherlock in response, a soft and tender kiss that spoke the depths of his own affection.
“I’ve
“I prefer Watson and Holmes’ studies.  Much more current. And interesting.  Data collection is very satisfying.  I want to put mine on yours.”  Sherlock propped himself up on his elbows, and then wiggled his hips a bit, frowned, and reached between them.  When he slowly lay back down, John realized that indeed, their most masculine of anatomies were not only touching, but pretty much mashed together.  It was an incredibly strange yet erotic and tenderly intimate gesture.  Sherlock’s testicles felt hot against his own.  John lay still, savouring the moment.  This, he knew, was Sherlock’s way of saying he loved him, showing him just how much he meant.  And so they lay there, chest to chest and balls to balls, breathing.
“So a long-standing dispute, maybe?”
“Mmm,” he agrees.  “Be right back.”
“I wouldn’t know.  Your modesty is impeccable.”
Second, part of his mind was still saying
John took one look at Sherlock’s purpling face and beat a hasty retreat.
She flops back in her chair.  He can feel the frustration rolling off her -- Sherlock says he does the same thing, gives off the same vibe.  “You don’t talk,” she sulks.  “You evade.  Selectively ignore.”
Sherlock was upending a box full of chemistry paraphernalia.  He picked up a pair of safety goggles with one hand and a lighter in the other.  “Yes, yes, fine” he said, not looking up.  He manipulated the lighter a few times to ensure that it still worked before delving back in for more.
John frowned at Fantasy Sherlock.  He desperately hoped the real Sherlock was better at bedroom talk than the one in his head.
The next time we visited the ocean, I spent hours sampling seawater, holding the brine of tidepools (an entire microscopic ecosystem) in my mouth.  Mycroft said I was mental.  Father warned me of parasites.  Mother bought a selection of flavoured salts, taught me how to season food.  “He just has a sophisticated palate,” I heard her tell my father.  “At least it won’t rot his teeth.”
As soon as the buzzer sounded and the lock engaged, the tears were quickly dismissed with, dispatched from his face with a quick swipe of a hand, never to return again.  Sherlock strode through that door in Belgravia with the confidence of a crocodile and a smile to match. Later, after the chapter of the Woman was (hopefully) securely closed, John marvelled at just  how strange it was.  Bloody madman could weep on command but couldn’t muster a single tear for her death or her resurrection.
“No.  Not exactly.”
“As it turned out, the violin came easily to me.  I wanted more of a challenge.”
“Can you even love?  I mean, are you capable of it?  I know you, um, feel something, but...”  He trailed off.  It was probably a very bad question to ask and he regretted it instantly.  Damn the whisky.
John sighed and rubbed a hand over his face.  He’d had a long day and needed a shave.  “You’re going to ruin every date I ever have, aren’t you.”  It was a fact, he knew it.  It was either move out or never get laid again.  Sherlock would know everything, deduce exactly what he had been up to, which positions he used and all the intimate minutiae of sex John would rather keep to himself.  “I don’t understand how the stupid rules you give yourself apply to me.”
Joyce laughed, loud and hearty.  “One couldn’t.  But
John sat up and stretched, dislodging his covering of tartan wool.  Sherlock must have put a blanket over him last night.  Smiling to himself, John wrapped the blanket around his shoulders and ventured into the kitchen to put the kettle on.  There was a note stuck underneath:
Sherlock shifted from his back to his side, propping his head up with his hand.  “You thought I’d be into kinky sex.”
A robin flew down and landed on the upper tier of the fountain, bathing itself momentarily before flitting off again.  “I think that bird’s been keeping tabs on me,” said John.
John smiled.  “Done.”
“Never mind.”
things like that.”
“Now.  Can we eat?  This smells delicious.”
“And your name?” asked the officer.
“His addiction, you mean.”
you know the man, anyhow?”  asked John.
His phone pinged.  He wiped his sweaty hands on his trousers before checking it: Mycroft.  Great.  What did he want?  To tell John to get out, chastise him for upsetting his brother?
Eventually they shared a sleepy shower, gently soaping each other, saying little but enjoying the simple, surprisingly easy companionship.  John let Sherlock stay in longer, figuring hot water and a little privacy might be needed.  He wrapped himself in a towel, and while his lover finished in the bathroom, John found clean linen in the antique wardrobe, stripped and remade the bed.
John put on his own shoes and socks.  He was dying for for a coffee.
“Romancing me?” John teased.
“What are you doing?”
Sherlock insisted he wasn’t hungry, but John ordered lunch anyway, knowing that Sherlock would help himself to titbits from his plate.
Finding himself a bit overwhelmed with emotion, John ran his fingers through Sherlock’s curls.
“Bloody lucky, that’s what you are,” Lestrade continued, shaking his head.
Orgasm left him breathless and boneless and he was quite sure he’d die smothered by Sherlock’s shoulder.  He was sweating profusely now, his belly was a wet mess and his finger was still tucked securely away in Sherlock’s plump backside.  He wriggled it experimentally, and Sherlock grumbled, “You’re trying to kill me,” into the pillows.
John heard himself groan.  He wished he had a mirror; he wished he could record it from the front so he could see Sherlock’s slender, perfect cock, so he could see their bollocks pressed together.
A police officer arrived, his uniform covered in splotches of pink and green powder paint.  “Get back, get back, give the man some room,” he demanded.  With the major drama concluded, the immediate crowd began to disperse.  “She all right?”
“Sherlock,” John warns.  “I’m going to come so soon.  God.  Was dreaming, you know.  When you woke me up.”
James smiled.  “He needs to relax.”
that object.  He would also maintain that had he known the outcome he would have said no when Mrs. Hudson asked him for a small favour.
“I don’t ask questions I know the answers to, John.”
“Cruel.”
John couldn’t argue.  He knew enough from the medical system that the best ways of dealing with problems were often complicated by the NHS and endless paperwork. Why would criminal justice be any different?
The pain was ebbing now, a bad sign.  The shoulder was worse than the leg, he could tell; bones shattered in the shoulder joint itself, the scapulae a ruin.  The round that hit his leg may even have nicked the femoral artery.
“You could say so.”
God it feels good.  “Not long,” I manage.  My testicles actually ache.  It’s been six days.  I’m afraid I’ve grown rather fond of sex, my body getting accustomed to fairly regular orgasms.  The brain craves its hormone bath, the body yearns for its lover’s touch.
“I’m back.  Mrs. Hudson made some dinner.  Would you like to join us?”
He resolved to talk to her within the week.  Sherlock was wrong.  Life wasn’t futile.  He’d had his peace and quiet: it was time again to make some noise.
“It will be.  It always is.”
More intimate sexual exploits were probably going to have to wait, however.  On John’s first day home, Sherlock was already getting tetchy, withdrawing, staring at his evidence wall for hours at a time, unmoving and silent.
he felt shame at a drugs raid but not by a candle placed on a table between them: he had been smitten from the very start.
was his last coherent thought.
John has picked up his paperback an hour or so later when Sherlock speaks again.
“It’s likely just from rubbing against it; you’re not allergic to rabbit.”
“Without a doubt.  I find Hercule Poirot a bit tedious, but Miss Marple is a woman after my own heart.”
Owens grumbled “of course” and pulled his mobile from his breast pocket.
“I’m going to be at the surgery until five, and then we’ll find you a nice, juicy case, all right?  We’ll go and harass Lestrade and you can contaminate some of Anderson’s samples or something.  But today, Sherlock, today was just weird.  No more.”
John had loved Sherlock, truly loved him, from very early on, in the way that John tends to love: steadily and true.  John loved Sherlock in the way he’d love a brother, a fellow soldier, a best mate.  Sherlock had filled a very large void in John’s life, had given him so much, made life worth living again.  And John’s heart loved him for it.
“I’ll let you know if you can help out.”  Lestrade hefted a pair of sharp-looking pruning shears.  “Keep an eye out for robin redbreast.  Soon as you see him, there’ll be plenty of work to do.  I’m guessing two weeks, if the weather cooperates.  Hey, you got a job?”
He stood there for a moment, awkwardly bouncing on the soles of his feet, before setting his bag down.  It smelled old; not the mouldy mustiness of neglect, but rather of woodsmoke and furniture polish, worn velvet and old books.  The foyer was painted a warm brick red, and thick oriental rugs covered the dark wood floor.  Although the day was dreary, plenty of light spilled through the tall, elegantly draped windows.  To his left was a staircase that curled up and out of sight, and oil paintings in gilt frames -- originals, not prints -- covered the walls.  A long sideboard rested against the back wall, above which hung a massive mirror flanked by two incredible pieces of taxidermy: an elk and an antelope.  A glass container held forced bulbs of amaryllis, their red and white petals reflected in the shine of the mirror.  An ancient-looking chandelier hung from the beamed ceiling, and a stately grandfather clock kept time in the corner.  Hallways branched off to the left and right; peering down one, John could see something resembling a formal sitting room.
“I’ll rub it,” Sherlock offered.
“And?”  John stood up, brushed his hands off on his jeans.
John reached up to Sherlock’s right pectoral, where a good-sized strip was stuck to his skin, and ripped.
“John,” said Sherlock as they lay together on Sherlock’s bed, exhausted and blissed out, John having surrendered himself to his lover’s desires; Sherlock had been gentle and surprisingly patient.  John was a bit sore and felt like he’d been buggered seven ways from Sunday (well, more like three), but he was completely sated and utterly happy.
John didn’t disagree.  He wiped his hands on his serviette and balled it up.  “Maybe it’s not symbolic at all.  Maybe the gardening bit just reminded her of your dad and she liked it because of that.  Or perhaps she just put the flower in randomly.  That story is in the middle of the book, after all.  It’s a good place to press a flower.”
It’s all funny, isn’t it?  Whatever they are to each other.  Funny how similar laughing and crying are.  They are either a grand comedy or tragedy, but he’s damned if he can figure out which.  And that in itself is amusing.  So funny.
“Oh.”
John felt just as confused as Owens probably did, then belatedly realised he was supposed to play along with the charade. He and Sherlock would definitely need to work out a better communication system.
On an impulse, John rose from bed and dressed in jeans and a T-shirt.  He decided it was time to do a more thorough investigation of the house, namely the east wing that he was beginning to doubt was really closed for renovations at all: he hadn’t seen a single builder since he’d arrived.
John allowed himself to relax even more, to concentrate on the heat of Sherlock behind him, the way he kissed his hole much like he kissed his mouth: he licked and nibbled, nipped and lipped, darted his tongue out, swiped it up and down, massaged in small circles, and went all out, fucking John’s arse with it.  It was wet and messy and utterly sexual, especially with Sherlock moaning away under there.  They were much alike that way: both got off on getting his partner off.
All things please the soul, but these please the soul well.
“Of course it’s him.”
“Of course.  I am in full data-gathering mode.  I can multi-task.”
Thanks, Roisin Barker!
John dared to look, then, and saw Sherlock, cheeks pink from the warm summer day, his eyes full of trepidation...and affection.  Sherlock held what was left of a daisy, turning it this way and that before bringing up his other hand to pull off one of the remaining petals.
John continued to twirl the flower before pulling off one creamy white petal, then another.  “She loves me, she loves me not,” he murmured to himself.
“...it’s aligned with the Earth’s axis at the north pole. It’s kind of a fixed point, something reliable. And there’s Ursa Major.  The bear.  Some people call it the big dipper.”
“Well, go right ahead,” she said, “but mind your head.  He has excellent aim.”
John blinked.  “Not that I know of.”
“Worth asking some questions again?”
Finally acquiescing, Sherlock stood.  “Footwear, John.  I couldn’t have asked for better evidence.”
Sherlock was visibly shaking when they parted, lips wet and flushed.  “John,” he said, voice gravelly and deep as his hips thrust up against John’s, “I need more.  I want...I want to...oh God.”
“Marjorie’s litter of brats, of course.  She had four boys.”
“I kissed it better,” said Sally, surprising herself with the memory.  “Oh God.”
How unprofessional, he thought, as soon as the words passed his lips.
3-methyl-2-hexenoic acid is attributed to normal body odour.  It’s easy enough to create in a lab.  I was not exactly successful in my attempts to replicate Eau de Jean. Seems I couldn’t make the concentration quite right.   Perhaps the resulting odour was redolent of a giant-sized John who had completed a super-heavyweight boxing match three days prior and hadn’t showered since.  221B smelled rather like a boys’ changing room for nearly a week.
“Oooh, there it is.  She’s lovely,” croons Moriarty as he traces his index finger round the rim of the horn.  “So this is the infamous tuba of Baker Street.”
John sighed, bemused.  It was a nice view.  Feeling a bit guilty for having a laugh at Sherlock’s expense, John pushed his lover over before sitting next to him.  “Hey.  I meant it.  Research all you want.  I suggest, however, that we move this operation to the bedroom, because if Mrs. Hudson or, God forbid, your brother, walks in on
“Sorry, what’s the category again?”
“Absolutely.”
And maybe, if he’d admit it to himself, the garden was analogous to himself, to all that he had blocked off and tucked away, walled up over the years.  Like his heart, after Mary.  Mary, who had been unable to wait, who had found someone so quickly after John began his first tour of duty.  He’d been cast aside for someone ‘safe’, who wasn’t going to galavant all over the world (no, just Afghanistan) in some deluded attempt at patriotism.  It had been so hard to leave her, too.  Mary, with her bright blue eyes, infectious laugh, and clever mind.  Who loved pub night and crap telly and sex.  They’d talked about children, once.  John shook his head.  Children.  With Mary.  The woman whom he’d loved so dearly.  Jesus.  It was for the better, he supposed.  If he were being honest with himself, he knew that living with a wife and two kids in the suburbs, living a mundane and routine life, would have left him bored and yearning for something more.
John sighed as Sherlock finally got his zip down.  “Your father’s garden is off-limits but your brother’s office isn’t?” he teased.
Sherlock opened his mouth and promptly closed it again.  “I had a hypothesis,” he said at length.
For the next few days, Sherlock stayed holed up in his room working on some elaborate experiment involving dust mites in both feather and synthetic pillows.  When John queried just exactly how the information would be useful, Sherlock, completely absorbed, simply muttered “asphyxiation” and continued on his with his work.
“Epic poetry, John?”
“Crass, John,” said Sherlock, clucking his tongue.
“So you got nothing new from him?”
She shook her head in the negative, smiled wanly again, and went back to whatever she was doing.
.  Stop talking.  May I?”
“Dull,” replied Sherlock, clearly still intrigued.  “Outdated, anyway.”
magazine,” he said, as if that explained everything.
At some point during their extended snogging session (Sherlock was currently going to town on John’s earlobe and neck), they had ended up on the bench at the far side of the warm pool, and John saw now that indeed the earth had been revolving; the dark of night was giving way.  It wasn’t light by far, but the skylights, which had been completely lost in the gloom of the vaulted ceilings, were now just visible.
area.  I’m going to need your help.”
Sherlock seemed so intent on what he was doing that John just lay there, panting, and let it happen.
Mary doesn’t mind, but she does wonder if she could fire a bullet from her 9mm through it at 100 metres.
As I have never been there, I have opted to make my own Stately Home.  I saw the picture of the castle on an "abandoned places" article on Buzzfeed once and fell in love; then I went to the website and poked around, looking at garden pictures and getting inspiration for the main storyline.  Then I saw that Harewood actually had a color run in May sometime, and I thought, what a perfect opportunity to try to do someone harm.  It would be so hard to see anything, people all over the place, etc.  I wanted to give John a chance to shine as well as provide Sherlock an opportunity to show off, so this seemed the best solution.
“No.  I…”  He paused and looked around.  “I heard you the other night.  Screaming.  Thought someone might be in trouble.  I’m not even supposed to be here.  I was explicitly told to stay out of the east wing.”
“He was murdered.”
with him?  That’s the thing about Sherlock - John could never quite tell.
“There.  All set.”
Lillian was stripping the linen from the bed and Sherlock was nowhere in sight.  She jumped nearly a mile at John’s intrusion.
Sherlock swallowed and picked up his knife and fork.
“The thing is,” John said after a long silence in which they sipped their drinks, “is that I don’t feel the need to apologise.  This sounds stupid, but I was
“But you could be.  You practically are.  You’re so...committed.”
Normal people producing children like Mycroft and Sherlock?
“It’s true!  And you know it!  He loves you, Dad, and you love him...”
Sherlock gave John a long-suffering look, took a breath, and launched in.  “She lives with her aging mother, an immigrant from India, who came to England too late in life to learn the language well, nor did she need to, because she worked behind the scenes in the family’s...hmm, food? Catering? Yes. A wedding business. Supervising the kitchen, yes?”
“I had a pair,” said John from his place on the floor.  “Two pairs, actually.”  He didn’t mention that he bought them because he thought they’d make his teenaged self look taller and harder. Harry had done exactly the same.  “So, could you find out when ours were made?”
“What about footprints?”
“No,” said Sherlock.
“...make them attractive for other people...”
“So what have you got here?”
“Excellent,” said Mycroft.  “I had hoped you’d say yes.”
I briefly close my eyes and sort.  I sweep the irrational fears into the dustbin, put the rational ones in a file to peruse later, temporarily re-cathect my libido to engage with the Work, and make myself focus.  A moment later, I’m sorted.  Upon opening my eyes, I find Sherlock Holmes, the man I am familiar with, looking back at me.  I nod to myself, as silly as it seems, sling a towel around my hips, and stride toward the door.
in there, and John’s heart connected with that enigmatic soul which somehow made its packaging incredibly scintillating.  The mind inside that body was brilliant, but the body itself wasn’t half bad.  Okay, it was gorgeous.  Tall, angular, lithe, pale - everything that John’s wasn’t.
“Anyone looking after the horses?”
“Ooooh.  I was hoping you’d do that.”
“Hello, John.”
The waiter reappeared and cleared their plates.  John removed his napkin from his lap and set it on the table.
As soon as she was out of sight, Sherlock steered John over to the windows overlooking the garden.  “You were flirting with her,” he accused under his breath.
“Best time to do that’s in the autumn,” said Lestrade.  “Not while it’s blooming, at least.  I can’t believe you’ve cleaned all this up.”  He looked around, smiling.  “And right under our noses, too.”
“How did you get out?”
“Oh,” she said, smiling.  “You know what he did?  His PGCE. He’s a primary school teacher in Cardiff.”
The next two days John was determined to shoot a bird if his life depended on it.  Toby flushed pheasants left and right and John couldn’t hit a single one, his shots off by what felt like a mile.  Lestrade didn’t even ask how it went when John returned the dog.
She smiled enigmatically and didn’t answer.  “Is that all you brought?” she asked instead, gesturing to his kitbag.
That sobers John up in a hurry.
Mycroft’s business.
John thought about condoms (he didn’t have any) and realized their integrity would be entirely compromised by the oil that Sherlock was pouring into his hands anyway.  Sighing into Sherlock’s touch, John watched as those long fingers liberally coated his cock, and then he watched, mesmerised, as Sherlock oiled his own penis before sliding over his balls and down.  Two slick fingers disappeared inside his body, and John tried not to come right then and there.  Sherlock worked at himself for moment, eyes closed and head thrown back, before deciding it was time.  He opened his eyes enough to encourage John that yes, this was what they both wanted and needed, before reaching for John and guiding his cock.
“Do you miss it?” Lestrade asked after a period of the two of them pulling up fistfulls of dead grass.  “The army?”
“That way you can see if you get a response from the pressure.”
“You two, uh...”  Lestrade took a good long look at both Sherlock and John before leaning back in his chair.  “Damn,” he finally settled on.
John stifled a laugh and pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s nipple.  He felt warm and happy and a bit sleepy, but he had promised Sarah he’d cover her shift while she attended a conference.  “It’s not a long shift.”
“I’ve been your keeper for the better part of two years, Sherlock.  Nothing new.  Now,” he said, “I’m going to enjoy my dinner.  You’re going to attempt to behave like a normal human being.  And you’re paying.  Don’t forget your bag.  I’m
“I think you should accompany me to speak with Mrs. Sandhurst,” said Sherlock.  “I think she’d be more forthcoming with you present.”
John abandoned the brochure and crossed the reception area in a heartbeat.
unbeta'd
Mr. Chapman’s wrinkled face broke into one of the most honest smiles John had ever seen.  “Every single moment,” he said.
Around them, the birds sang, the breeze blew, and life continued much as normal, except two men living at 221 B Baker Street had left as friends and were returning as lovers.
“Pleased to hear it.”
The rest of the meal was pleasant enough, and John and Sherlock stayed down in the dining hall for another hour or so, finishing the bottle of wine, deducing Leybourne (“Mother indifferent, father inadequate: still hankering after nanny,” said Sherlock disdainfully, as if that explained it all), and carefully avoiding any mention of feet.  John found it strange that Sherlock was so bothered by the whole debacle in the spa; John had never before considered feet to be particularly intimate or erotic, but judging from his reaction, Sherlock clearly did.  Then again, John had not anticipated getting hard at the thought of Sherlock massaging his feet, or that Sherlock would be jealous.  It was all useful information.
