“There ain’t much to understand,” Dean told him sharply. He gestured rapidly in the small space between their chests, flickering his hand back and forth. “I’m -- Cas, I ain’t what you think, all right? This --” he looked around them at the empty room plastered full of posters, material and physical mementos and decorations, every slice of several other people’s lives shoved into the walls and floors, “-- this is the best it’s going to get for me. You understand that? Coupla beers, some TV, my best man and my brother. That’s my happy ending.”
He made himself wait for Cas to respond. He didn’t turn around. Flashes of Cas dying, choking, thrashing, draining away into nothingness ticked across his brain like one of those demented flipbooks Sam used to make. He’d give ’em to Dean in the morning and Dean would flip through them in class, instead of paying attention, waiting for the jump scare, the monster at the end. But they were just shadows and lines on the edges of the paper, pulling closer and closer together.
“You’re the only one that thinks that,” Sam said. “And even you know it’s not quite true. Dean. There’s no way you don’t know.”
Sam flipped him off and Dean whooped loudly, while Eileen rolled her eyes. His voice bounced around the walls of the Bunker for half a second after Sam left, then faded into the emptiness. Dean frowned, pulled out his phone, and ordered pizza.
Sam stares baldly at Dean. “It’s a good thing that Cas loves you. It’s a good thing you love each other.”
“Sam!” Dean slammed his hand into the wall and Sam braced back almost imperceptibly. The anger drained away. Dean’s voice was still harsh, though. “I know.”
Normally this kind of shirtless dude fanservice scene was the sort of scene Dean avoided thinking too heavily about it. Tonight, Dean thought about. Thought about the man, all the way naked, flexing or whatever. Thought about his cock. Dean looked down at his own crotch. Nothing. Cautiously, Dean thought about sex with the man. Absolute dead air down under.
“I know,” Sam said. “I stopped worrying about that part so much when I realized that Cas would never let you die.”
Claire scoffed. “Any time spent hearing about my sister’s impotent boyfriend is too much time.” She took another sip of her beer. “Besides,” she pointed out, “talk about a fragile ego. Dude went to pieces over it. I swear I heard him yelling at -- it -- in the shower.”
“I don’t want to disappoint him,” Jack told Dean’s feet quietly. Dean looked at Jack for a second and then figured, what the hell, it wouldn’t be the worst call he’d ever made, and put his hand back on Jack’s shoulder to squeeze it.
normal. Cas was healing, which was slow now that he was human. Dean’s dick was floppier than a disc drive, which was also, unfortunately, the norm these days.
“You have to know, Dean,” Cas said, voice rusty with something Dean didn’t think he wanted to recognize, “I meant it. What I said before I died.” Cas looked down for an awkward beat of time. “I’m sorry you had to hear it.” Then he paused, and looked back up at Dean. He had a look in his eyes that Dean hasn’t seen in years. He thought it was anger, or confidence. He remembered seeing it when they met, when Cas told him angels were warriors. “But I am glad to have said it. I love you, Dean. This cannot be taken from me.”
Cas’ eyes widened and drooped. His jaw tightened. Dean felt that. The thought of getting up, walking to his room, just to sleep alone, filled Dean with a kind of full body dread.
“My deal,” Cas told him bluntly. Okay, fine. Dean deserved that one. He paused the show and turned to face Cas. He grabbed his beer off the floor and took a long sip.
“No.” Thankfully, Miss Marbel cut him off before he could work up any steam. “Christ, kid, the fuck’s the matter with your head?”
“I trusted him with yours, though.” Cas has been so honest. Dean owes him something. Maybe he had bared his neck a bit for Benny, letting him protect Cas like he did. “That mattered. So, I guess I get it. But it wasn’t like we were in love or anything.”
The fear Dean felt at that statement cut through his anger. He ignored Cas’ words. “You’re always leaving, Cas. You say you don’t wanna, but you’re too busy throwing yourself on the knife for Jack, or me, or Sam, or Heaven or hell, Naomi even, to think about putting yourself on the damn list. You gotta try to stay, okay. ‘Cause I might be one mean, lean son of a bitch but I am not worth dying for. You hear me?”
Dean leaned in with a big cheesy grin, “Oh, I ain’t got problems changing things up.” He winked, for good measure. Cas didn’t look amused. He looked a little confused still and fuck if that wasn’t so goddamn endearing. Dean put half jumbled thoughts about squishing together on Cas’ bed to look at the little computer screen out of his head and his arm around Cas shoulder to steer him out into the Dean Cave. The Dean Cave had better accoustics anyway. Cas went a little stiff at first, but after some insistent tugging, let Dean pull him out. What you can have, Dean reminded himself. What you can offer. Not what you want. Stick to that, it’d be an okay night. And okay was better than Dean deserved.
“Good fucking job there, buddy.” Dean snorted and stood up. Cas stood up with him, face going stony and flat. Dean bit in the inside of his lip. Fuck. Dude went and died for him and Dean was just sitting here spewing his usual bullshit.
“I didn’t think about how it would impact,” Cas hesitated again, then said, “you. I did not intend to add to your distress.”
Cas, still grimacing, shook his head. “Bitter,” he said. “I don’t remember coffee tasting this bitter.”
“Carefully now, Sammy,” Dean told him cheerfully. “That’s homophobic.” He left Sam spluttering in the kitchen, grin still wide on his face.
Cas gritted his teeth. The posture closed back off. “Fine,” he said. His voice was clipped and short. “I understand.”
Dean grinned lewdly and told Sammy that back alley blowies didn’t take long, not that he’d expect a virgin like him to know that.
Dean looked down at himself naked, shivered, and put clothes back on. He closed his eyes. He left the light on and made himself lie perfectly still until his alarm went off at five am.
Dean rolls his shoulders, loosening them. “Yeah,” he says agreeably, “you ain’t had much luck there, I’ll back you up on that one.”
The grass beneath his fingers grounds him. Dean pushes his hand against the dirt. It’s usually hard in the day. Hard, cracked, dry. It’s still dew-damp now. Dean can push it around a little bit. Not much. It’s still dirt. Still hard Kansas soil. But right now, in the transition between a late night and an early morning, it’s less like rock fragments and more like clay.
“Being able to feel. To choose. Dean. From nothing, I went to everything. And it hurt. But there is so much good down here inside and around the pain. It is real, Dean. It is good because it is real and because it hurts. And I would not trade it. I would not trade the choices I have made. You have given me -- everything. And I would give you everything. If you ever wanted. I know you do not understand. You don’t love me. You don't --”
John didn’t call it advice and he didn’t call it a lesson but it was a warning for Dean. He had to start working on how to see the world the right way. The next time they were stopped over, Sam sprouting up a size while Dad was gone, Dean had gone straight to the back, taking a night off of eating dinner to afford something with less flash.
Cas frowned. “She is mad at him. He’s a vampire. He’s spent centuries doing horrible things. Feeding off humanity.”
But Cas did what he always did and put the ball down and quit the game. “I wish you would let me understand.”
Dean closed it and gave the magazine back to Miss Marbel. “Okay,” he said. “I took a look. What now?”
The nurse he was in bed with was encouraging, and said all the right things. It didn’t help. Doctor Sexy left her place and headed into work, but he couldn’t focus on the job. He kept finding other couples making out in the supply closet, or taking pregnancy tests in the bathroom, or breaking up in the OR, hands tangled up in someone’s guts sewing the life back into some poor schmuck while pulling it right out of their relationships.
Dean did not know where to start with that. His first thought was thank God he couldn’t get boners anymore. Dean shoved that away. “That’s good,” he said. It felt lame. He started to say something else -- what, Dean had no idea -- but thankfully, Cas cut him off.
“Can’t blame a girl for trying,” she replied and then exchanged sickeningly sappy glances with Sam. Dean looked back down at the plate of pancakes. They were still warm, which meant everyone must’ve just finished eating. Slowly, he became aware of how much heat Cas’ newly human body, inches away from his, seemed to radiate. Cas always ran warm, though. Even when he was an angel. But then it wasn’t warm so much as bright. Like something powerful and hard and glaring and painful to look directly at. Which was kind of how Dean still felt when Cas looked right through him, even when Cas didn’t have the cosmic power up.
Dean’s dick wouldn’t get hard. Dean tried -- he tried everything, alright? Pulling at the skin, pinching his nipples, even the stupid reflexive dick-hard move he’d found on some google sites he’d lie about ever accessing if Sammy asked. His little man was just sitting there flaccid for the whole show. Flaccid! Sweat was working its way down his back. He couldn’t stop thinking about Miss Marbel on the stoop and Cas down the hall and when he closed his eyes and put his hand on his dick it was like he pulled the two of them across time to the same fucking place.
“So,” she said, crossing her arms and giving him a careful up and down. Dean followed her eyes as they traced up past his feet tucked neatly under him and over the holes he couldn’t really hide in the coat Dad had given him, gruffly complaining Dean was growing too fast. It was a little tight around his shoulders and fabric scratched uncomfortably against the back of his neck. “I’ve been watching you, kid.”
He’d probably shoot himself, if Dean at twenty six or twenty nine or even thirty met Dean-as-he-was-now. Mercy killing. Put him out to pasture. Even a stopped clock was right twice a day, Sam would think, but Dean knew it was just a matter of time before he outlived even unintentional usefulness.
going to find Cas. They’d gotten people back from the Empty before. Hell, they’d gotten Cas back from the Empty before. Sam didn’t know what he was fucking talking about and Dean’s dating habits were his own private business anyway. If he wasn’t seeing anyone, that was just because Dean was grieving his best friend. A dude’s best friend dying right in front of them was a boner killer if ever a boner killer existed.
Dean had grown up talking to Mom. Not the real one. He wasn’t insane. He knew she was -- whatever. He talked to her sometimes. Asking her questions inside his head. Telling her things. Imagining her hand, the kind of soft that had never seen a day of work in its life, on his head. Made him smile to remember that now and think about Mary. Mary’d be more likely to cuff him around the head, too nervous to reach out and touch him and Sam and yeah, that part wasn’t great, but they’d been working on it. She’d been real enough to see and she’d had terrible advice but she’d been there.
“With The Empty,” Sam said, taking a sip of whatever the fuck antioxidants health brew he was jonesing for this month.
Doctor Sexy, no longer poisoned, celebrated the return of the full use of his dick with a threesome. The final shot of the episode was over the coma guy waking up. He’s Doctor Sexy’s secret son, but they won’t reveal that until season ten.
He hadn’t visited her grave yet. Dean lingered at the gate, cold metal bars stinging against his skin when he leaned up against it. If mom’d kept a journal, it probably would’ve been a lot more helpful than Dad’s. But Mary, like Sam, had gotten out and buried everything they were. That couldn’t have been easy, Dean thought and then Dean thought about Sam, in Stanford, completely alone, constructing a carefully neutral identity to blend in and pass through. It must have been lonely, Dean thought. Maybe Sam in Stanford had been just as lonely as Dean.
In the end, the audit revealed that the patient but sexy nurse had been poisoning Doctor Sexy as revenge for when she thought Doctor Sexy was cheating on the sexy-but-naïve new Doctor from season two. It had, of course, been Doctor Sexy’s identical twin. It was, the director of the episode said in the DVD commentary, a fun callback.
It was a good thing Dean knew how to take a hit. “I understand Cas fine,” Dean argued. “He’s my best friend.”
Dean raised an eyebrow at that. “That’s a little fucking creepy, dude.” He felt weirdly warm and lit up inside, though. Still. Doesn’t detract from Dean’s point. That there’s no point.
Jack closed his eyes for a minute and everything was very still and nothing moved and then Jack opened his eyes again. “Yes,” he said. He looked upset. “But then things might get bad. I wouldn’t be able to protect you and Sam and Cas. I think it would make -- people would be angry.”
“No?” Cas asked, and he was smiling softly but there was still something hesitant in how he held himself.
“Jody and Claire? We’ve talked about this.” Sam pursed his lips. “I reached out a few days back. Figured we’d spent long enough pushing everyone out working to get Cas back. But he’s back and you’re -- you know. And we kind of, uh, beat God. Figured a bit of celebrating couldn’t hurt.”
“I don’t know,” Jack told him. “I heard you say my name and I felt your prayer. It was -- emotional.”
Cas tried to summon up a smile. “Don’t worry,” he said. “I am very grateful to you and your brother.”
Cas raised his eyebrows at Dean and stepped out of the doorway. Dean, unsure what he’d done to get in good with Cas’ but not wanting to question it, stepped inside.
“Dean,” Sam said, stopping him. “I don’t know what you’re thinking right now, and I’m not even asking you to talk about it, but you gotta stop trying to be whatever it is you’re doing. It’s not working. And it’s not you.”
He stood outside the house, knuckles white on the plastic shopping bag, rehearsing his speech. Then he lifted his hand, knocked, and immediately regretted it.
Dean, when he came back to consciousness, was disoriented. He reached for the gun under the pillow behind him before realizing he was in the Dean Cave. “What?” Dean said, pointing a fist in the general direction of the light and blinking blearily. “Cas? Is that you?”
“No,” Sam said, in the voice of someone who had spent many years manfully preventing themselves from saying something, “you love chick flick moments. I hate them, Dean. No one likes talking about their feelings. But sometimes you have to talk about them, or they come up in weird ways and make you act all, you know.”
“The first time Eileen told me she loved me,” Sam said and Dean inhaled sharply. “I almost called you.”
“I’m not surprised you didn’t tell me about it,” Sam continued, ignoring Dean completely. “I get it.”
“He’s not avoiding you, Dean,” Sam said, exasperated. “He’s just resting. Sleeping. Maybe you’ve heard of it? Besides, Jody and Claire are coming by tomorrow. I’m sure you’ll get plenty of time to see him.”
Dean couldn’t do anything except nod. Unbidden, Kenny’s face drifted into Dean’s mind but Dean knew he was being paranoid. Miss Marbel couldn’t be talking about Kenny. Kenny was quiet, and neat, and soft spoken with a lisp the other kids liked to make fun of.
“It’s not,” Dean insisted, then rubbed his neck. “Man,” he said. “I don’t know why you’re talking to me instead of Cas. I really don’t.”
Dean’s eyes were hot and itchy. His jaw worked, trying to keep words in or keep them out, Dean couldn’t tell. He thought he managed a grunt.
“Yeah,” Dean gestured. “Who says it’s such a bad thing to be impotent? Boners cause a lot of problems. Some people’d be better off without him. You know. Who says impotence even needs to be a problem.”
“He’s a poet,” Cas said. “I found one of his books on your bookshelf.” Cas looked away. “I hope it was alright for me to take it.”
So Dean knows now, that sometimes, Cas goes off to Heaven. He also knows that sometimes, he just goes. Sometimes, though, before he leaves, he looks at Dean like he’s waiting for Dean to say something, like Cas doesn’t know how damn much Dean wants him around. Dean doesn’t know what Cas wants from him but he knows, whatever it is, he can’t give it. Dean’s pieces were packed and parceled out long ago and it’s just been pretending ever since. ‘S why he lets Cas go.
Cas, slowly, removed his hand. “I don’t understand,” he told Dean stiffly, holding his hand out in front of him as if he wasn’t sure what to do with it.
But when he leaves, in the moment before he leaves, Dean closes his eyes and imagines he doesn’t. He likes to imagine all kinds of things happen instead. Sometimes, he imagines Cas staying. Sometimes he imagines Cas sending him that weird look and walking towards Dean -- but then Dean’s imagination jerks him awake. Sometimes, he imagines Cas asking Dean to come with him.
He went around to the trunk of Baby. Dean wasn’t going to let himself second guess what he was doing. He grabbed the shopping bag, ears burning a bit, and slung it over this back. He swallowed down the nerves. Tossing his cookies on Cas’ front step probably wouldn’t win him much good will.
Dean shook his head. “Never mind,” he said. “‘S not important.” He moved further into the room, coffee clutched in each hand. He glanced around awkwardly.
“You’re only forty-two,” Cas said. “There is far more life than this.” This time, when Dean looked around the room, he tried to see it through Cas’ eyes. He saw a pristinely lonely room. It looked out of a set piece in a movie. It was neat. Tidy. At the end of the day, someone from the props department would show up and package each item up to deliver it to its rightful place.
“No,” Dean shook his head and it was a mistake, he shouldn’t have said anything at all. “It’s my dick --”
Dean nodded dumbly. Jack looked around the cemetery before settling back on Dean. Dean resisted the urge to duck his head, forcing himself to make eye contact with Jack.
Normally, Dean liked to do his little manual override in the shower if he couldn’t find other company to bury himself in. Force of habit, really, after forty-odd years sharing a tight space with blood relatives. And when you had three and a half minutes of hot water, you used whatever images got your train to pull out of the station. Didn’t mean anything. Dean would repeat that, remind himself again, and then hop in the shower. And it would be off to the races.
Dean had killed his first monster when he was nine. He killed his first human person, some bitch that tried to take Sam, last year. Dean’s heart, steady against werewolves and ghosts, sank like a stone.
Miss Marbel put one of her hands into Dean’s shoulder and pressed down. “Like I said. This motel is good people. I’m trying to look out for you and your brother. I just wanna help you. Make sure you’re not into any of that faggot shit.”
The problem, Dean was sure, wasn’t that he couldn’t jack off. He could. If he wanted to. The problem was that he didn’t want to. Hadn’t wanted to. Hadn’t even thought about it, honestly.
For some reason, that made Sam look disappointed. Dean didn’t know what he expected at this point. “I want you to be tired of this,” and Dean was, Dean was, Dean
Sam’d been pissed off on behalf of the woman and grossed out on behalf of himself, all of which meant he left well enough alone.
Sam rolled his eyes, but he was smiling a bit. “No,” he said. “You are a jerk. And an asshole. And an anal retentive, insecure control freak who plays petty pranks and talks too much and has terrible taste in music. And you’re my older brother. I am terrified of what you would do for me. But I know you love me. I know you hunt because you want to save people, not because you want to kill monsters. But you can always kill monsters and you can’t always save people so it’s easier for you to pretend it’s the other way around. And,” he paused. Then, deliberately, he added, “you sleep with men.”
This made Dean laugh a bit. He liked Eileen. She was fun, had a healthy appreciation for meat, staying inside, could spear a monster seventeen different ways before breakfast and, more importantly, Dean could see her in the Bunker with them. He could see more mornings like this with her ‘cause she wasn’t retiring and the Bunker was safe and maybe they could all be safe in here for a bit.
“I wanted to tell you something. That’s why I’m here, I guess. I mean, I know how heaven and all that works but ... “ Dean paused. “I’m really sorry, Mom. I don’t want you to be mad at me. I’m sorry.”
When he got back home, he made sure to crow to Sammy, who made some sort of snarky comment about Dean scaring this one off in record time.
“No, Dean,” Cas protested. “I have no objections to using your laptop. I don’t understand why, but,” Cas paused, “there is much that is inexplicable to me.”
“No,” Cas said and then frowned. “Well, yes. But it’s not just that. I didn’t have a home for,” he looked down, “I don’t know that I’ve ever had a home. But this is mine. You might think it’s ugly --”
It wasn’t very good. He finished it, put the book down, and then slammed his fists into the cracked and scorched Kansas earth as hard as he could. It felt good. Better than reading. Better than hunting. He did it again. And again. And again.
She hadn’t had much but she’d kept herself clean, except when she was smoking enough to fill a chimney. Sam hadn’t liked her. Sam hadn’t liked the magazines she gave Dean either. Not that Dean exactly liked ‘em himself. Dean just knew better than to say that shit out loud, ‘specially at school. Head down, knuckle through. Only way to ride the wave of the constant moving around.
“I didn’t think I would ever be able to tell you,” Cas said. “It’s not --” Dean reached out, grabbing at whatever part of Cas’ face he could.
He gave up on the porn and opened Google. He couldn’t be the first person to have these kinds of problems.
“Nope,” Eileen signed and spoke, just as happily. “I’ve kept myself alive for the past thirty-three years, but that’s about it.”
“Don’t care,” Dean interrupted. His gaze skittered across Cas’ face to the stuffed walls behind him and then back to Cas. “I’m just trying to follow your lead, man. Rip up the book.” Cas smiled crookedly at him. “I’m asking, this time. I’m asking if I can stay.” It felt right to say. It felt right to ask. It should be Cas, letting him stay. Not the other way around. His thumb brushed tenderly at Cas’ collar bone. “I want to stay in your home, Cas. If, uh, you’ll have me.”
Dean used to tease Sam about that, ask him why he couldn’t draw real things and always had to do that smart crap. Sam hadn’t stopped but he’d given Dean one for his birthday that started out dark and then as the shape got smaller and smaller, Dean could make out the impala, driving away. He’d cuffed the kid on his head and tucked it away somewhere close, with all the other shit Dean didn’t want to get stolen during the day or passed over during the classic mid-morning post-hunt flight from the unpaid motel tab.
“Sam was going to show me his favorite hike,” Eileen signed. She leaned closer to Cas and Dean. “I don’t hike,” she told them. “Please join us.”
Cas leaned back on the couch. Dean couldn’t stop his sharp inhale. He locked his fingers when he felt the back of Cas’ neck hit them. Loose strands of hair tickled the back of his hand. Dean started jiggling his foot. He let out a slow breath through his nose.
“Okay,” Jody thankfully cut him off. “I’m officially calling it on this topic of conversation. Claire, no shit talking Alex’s boyfriend. Sam, no shit talking Dean’s boyfriends.”
“S no trick,” Dean told him gruffy, the way he could remember imagining Bobby would’ve said to him. “It’s just you, dude. I’m,” happy for you. But the words wouldn’t leave Dean’s mouth. “She’s good for you,” Dean said instead.
Normally, Dean’d be halfway to the phone, denials falling thicker than the snow in Canada. But Miss Marbel wasn’t going to do anything about it. Dean’d seen her -- he knew she was some kind of drifter and she knew the motel owner real well and Dean was pretty sure he’d seen her hanging around outside the motel when she couldn’t afford the bill enough nights to relax.
Dean didn’t realize until after lunch the next day that Cas had meant leave the Bunker, not leave the Dean Cave.
“Gee Wiz, I sure hope that angel stands still long enough for me to lick his boots?” Dean suggested.
Dean looked at Cas. Cas actually loved him and Dean was about to -- Christ. Dean was the worst kind of friend. “Yeah, no,” he said. “You’re right. Dumb idea. You wanna move to the Dean Cave?”
Cas just said, “Pancakes taste better than the last time I was human. I suppose I should blame Metatron for that.”
“And, well.” Dean held his hands up. “That’s all the advice I got. Last time I lived in any sort of house it, uh. Didn’t end so good. But you and Eileen. Finding your own place together. I like that.”
Dean felt angry. Dean always felt angry. Dean gritted his teeth, rubbed the crumbling stone under his fingers and looked at Jack. Jack was standing, semi-translucent. His brow was crinkled. His eyes were sunken. He was frowning. Dean, for the first time, let himself think that Jack looked kind of like him.
Dean had forgotten about that. His face felt frozen. Dean waved a stiff hand. “You two crazy kids have fun,” he said. Sam stood there, like he was waiting for Dean to say something. When Dean didn’t, Sam’s face fell slightly and he turned to leave.
The book was gone the next day. Dean hadn’t brought anything to read. He sat. This was his life. Hunts dwindling, Cas gone. Just him, Sam, and the cold, relentless beat of the sun.
Jack made eye contact with Dean. “I don’t think I like being God,” he said. “It isn’t what I thought it would be.”
Something was happening in Dean’s chest. His ribs were jutting, sharp, into his body and his teeth were aching. “You don’t know what you’re talking about,” he said without looking at Sam.
“Take a look,” Miss Marbel told him. Dean grabbed a magazine and opened it. Unwillingly taking in the woman standing in nothing but a cowboy hat, perching on top of a much bigger man, mouth opened in ecstasy or pain.
“What?” he snapped, regretting it. Snapping at Sam made his stomach curl up in half and his mouth tighten, like if it tried hard enough it could keep him at bay from the world. Seemed to be all he was doing these days, but still. Sammy should know better. Ask a stupid question, get a stupid answer.
“This shit. I can’t, you know. There’s a lotta shit I can’t do and no penis pumps or whatever are gonna change that. It’s not -- look, the dick thing ain’t great. I’ll grant you that. But it’s not the only problem. This isn’t -- you and I. I can’t. And you’re -- you. I know you deserve better, man. I know you don’t deserve this. And I want you to,” fuck Dean was starting to choke up. It didn’t fucking matter, “and I want you to get that but I’m so fucking selfish I’d just keep you here in this stupid Bunker you hate.”
“So glad you joined us, really, Dean,” Sam said. “It’s really improved this whole dining experience.”
Dean glanced at the screen. The blond chick was beating up the buff man. “I think she’s more likely to fuck him than kill him.”
“The kind,” Cas replied, starting to sound actually mad at Dean, “that loves you. Maybe you enjoy hurting the people you love. I don’t.”
Dean licked his lips. “Right,” he repeated. “Coffee?” he asked, eyes fixed on the books. “I know you don’t, uh.”
“No,” Cas said, thoughtfully, “I had a female vessel before. I found the upkeep required in most hairstyles tedious.”
Dean’s had his milkshake pajamas on, but felt weirdly -- cold. He stood, dumbly, in the Dean Cave for a minute before retreating back to his room to grab a grey hoodie and shove it on. Dean gave himself a sniff and a once over in the mirror, then shrugged and went to join everyone in the kitchen.
“You don’t even like the taste of coffee,” Cas responded sardonically at the same time Sam said, “Eileen made it.”
Dean nervously pulled out the prostate massager from his plastic bag. “Look,” he said. “You were right.”
Dean didn’t take his eyes off the shirts. “Who knows what kinda logic goes on in that big rat trap of yours,” he dismissed.
“Bet this makes you glad me and Alex get along so swimmingly,” Claire told Jody under her breath. Jody squeezed her shoulder, and pulled her up next to her.
Sam took the legs. Together, they got Cas to his room. It was still almost completely barren. It could’ve been any of the rooms in the Bunker. Cas still looked dead.
Dean stopped flipping the channels. “This one,” he said, hesitantly, watching a tiny blond girl walking alone down a dark alley.
Cas didn't try to say anything for a long time. When he did speak, his voice was hard and flat. “When I first touched your soul,” he told Dean, “it was blinding. You were blinding. I spent eons, eternities, believing in God, fighting for God, fighting on behalf of God. I was an Angel of Lord. But touching your soul in Hell is the only time I have ever felt holy. Is that a waste?”
Dean had gone to his bedroom. He’d gone to bedroom and sat on the edge of the bed and held himself rigid. But even after a few hours, he was still feeling ill. Hot, and ill, and sweaty. So, Dean gets up. His body only shivers a little and the icy chill of the Bunker floor calms him. This is when Dean goes to the kitchen. This is why Dean goes to the kitchen. It’s cold and it’s empty and it’s usually dark enough that if Dean is still enough, it’s like he’s not there at all.
He didn’t, but fuck Sam for knowing that. “It’s not bullshit, Sam, it’s biological shit, okay? Cas’ angel biological clock doesn’t tick tock on the human button, no matter how much he’s changed up the rhythm.”
“Well, clearly, the mature adult conversation didn’t work,” Claire said, “considering Alex goes through boyfriends like tissues.”
“I’m sorry,” he told her roughly. “Sam’s mad at me. Cas too. They’re -- they’re right.” He slumped forward, shoving his hands through the grass. “I’m not mad at them,” he said. “Or maybe I am. Sam doesn’t -- he said he doesn’t know me.”
Sam looked around before catching himself. “Actually,” he said, “think we’re going out.” He frowned at Dean. “You can make sure Cas has dinner, right? You have to sort of sit with him and make sure he actually eats it.”
Sam looked proud when he dumped the alcohol, so Dean told him, “it’s just so I stop getting so much whiskey dick,” which made Sam choke and turn red. He let Sam and Eileen take him out a few times, though. Even took Baby up to meet Donna for donuts one Sunday.
Sam let those words hang in the air. Dean grunted and pushed his chair back from the counter. “Good talk, freak,” he told his brother.
He doesn't want to sleep yet. It’s better to be awake when Cas calls, not waking up. His stomach is still sloshing around from earlier, so Dean sits on the kitchen floor, against the fridge, instead of at the table. The fridge is stiff and blocky against his back. Dean waits, and lets himself drift.
Cas smiled slightly down into his coffee mug. “I am looking forward to it.” Well, that made one of them. It was hard enough navigating his way around Cas with only Sam to watch him fumble through it.
Rowena sunk the small rock shard at the bottom of their Quartz, Rocks and Shit Like That box into Dean’s shoulder. Dean stood as still as he could, letting her etch back into his shoulder the shadow of the handprint that pulled Dean from Hell.
It didn’t take long. Dean grabbed two cups and steeled himself to stop at Cas’ door. It looked exactly the same as all the doors in the Bunker. Perfectly arranged, neat little lines. Organized. He took a breath. He knocked softly.
He grabbed a different book. A tattered copy of some post-apocalyptic paperback that Bobby had said wasn’t quite McCarthy but sure was something. Gave him a few ideas, too.
Dean had to stop this. “Cas,” he interrupted firmly, putting a hand out. “This doesn’t change anything.”
He was falling back onto the ground, dragging an unconscious Cas shaped thing out of the crack before Rowena snapped it all away. Dean’s shoulder stung. He shrugged Rowena’s hands off and put his hands under Cas’ armpits.
“I --” Dean, for a second, was worried, he wouldn’t be able to speak. He tightened his grip on Cas’ wrist. “Course.”
“We might not get him back, Dean,” Sam said. He waved a piece of paper in Dean’s face. “We might not find anything here.”
“Yeah, okay,” Dean says. “You like your woman fast. You dog.” He tries to say it like he’s proud but he’s not sure how it all twists out in the end. His voice only shakes a bit, though. He’s made sure of that.
“And somehow,” Dean grinned cheekily, “I’m still the handsome one.” He frowned at Sam. “Try not to get too lost in Eileen’s eyes while I’m out, okay?”
Dean scoffed loudly, but Eileen beat him to the punch. “You almost ruined the pasta last night,” she said.
He was sitting in the library, listening to Sam yammer on and on about something, when it hit Dean that he hadn’t tried to pull a downstairs DJ since he was in the hospital, coming off the kind of meds they only give you when you’ve had a lung punctured by rebar in an abandoned barn. Nothing quite like a half drugged, boozy, post-near death injury bout of banging it out, he had figured.
It makes Dean delirious to think about. Makes him feel like he’s unraveling when he’s sitting alone in his room, like he’s compacting when he’s standing and watching Cas on the threshold. Cas is waiting for Dean. He won’t wait forever. Dean wants to speak. Dean tightens and watches Cas leave. He screws it up and slams the door shut behind him.
“I just try to stay up to date,” and now Dean’s mouth was taking that faint smile as some God-forbidden encouragement to keep running, “it’s good bar talk. For witness interviews. Or,” picking marks, for pool or turning tricks, “gettin’ in good with a stranger easy.”
Dean lets his head fall backwards. “It’s good to hear your voice, Cas,” he says. “It’s been a while.”
Sam, in the morning, makes a comment about Dean keeping his drinking to his room that Dean readily agrees to. He keeps his phone in his pocket in case Cas calls back again, but he doesn’t.
“I would do it again,” Cas told him, clear and certain, “but I regret that my actions have harmed you in any way.”
They sat, Miss Marbel glancing down at the cigarette in front of them, Dean trying to stifle nervous laughter and stay still. Wondering if she wanted him to light it up and smoke it or something. Dean only had one lighter, though, and he made Sammy keep it wherever he had to leave him alone. Just in case.
“So,” Dean told Cas’ shocked face on the other side of the door, rehearsed speech and intended apology flying right out of his head, “turns out there’s a whole bunch of non-penetrative sex acts.”
“Nice place you got here,” Dean told him. He wasn’t fucking around. It was a nice place. A little cluttered, on the small side, but lots of windows. Crowded with all sorts of things that Dean thought only Cas could want. Some rocks and twigs Dean assumed Cas must’ve just picked up. Clothes resting on the chair nearby. Pillows that didn’t go with blankets, art that didn’t belong on walls. Colors that clashed and overlapped. It hit Dean, looking around the house, how quickly Cas had covered up the empty space. Dean wasn’t sure what it meant.
“Dean,” Cas asks and Dean wants to close his eyes and sink into that moment forever: Cas, suspended in time, sounding close enough to touch, saying Dean’s name like it was something more than it was. In the darkness, Dean can almost believe Cas. “Are you okay?”
“Mornin’, Cas,” he said and then stuffed an entire pancake in his mouth. Chewing made it hard to say anything else, and chewing with his mouth open usually made Sam give Dean a disgusted look and move away from him.
“Come on, Sam,” Dean told him. “It’s important stuff. Stuff you gotta know before you go get your dick wet the first time. I’m not too worried, though. Eileen seems like she’s got you in good hands.”
Miss Marbel shoved the magazine’s into his chest, jolting him back to the present. Dean looked down. A half naked pair of breasts glared back at him.
Sam crossed his arms and stepped forward. Dean held his ground. “Like you think you gotta be dad or God or whatever. Big man with a plan. To every fucking person in the universe, like we don’t have some pretty concrete evidence that playing God is a stupid fucking idea.”
“Me neither, buddy,” Dean told him, with a sigh. He absent mindedly rubbed at his hip, trying to find some way around what he knew he had to say. “Right,” he said, looking Cas head on, then immediately turning away. “Right,” he repeated. “My dick isn’t working.”
He started trying to deal with his penis problems. Even called a medical helpline, and, after a couple of heated exchanges with the operator on duty for the Lebanon free public health clinic, dumped out his liquor. Apparently a non-negotiable first step in getting semi-functionality back in his boneless boner. He wasn’t bailing on the red meat, though. He’d take a limp-er than normal dick over Sam’s rabbit food diet any day.
“Right,” Sam scoffed, then moved past Dean without acknowledging his rude gesture to shove the library door open. They got into position. Sam tossed the hex bags into the fire. Dean clenched his teeth down so hard he would’ve been concerned with his teeth if he had any longevity expectation for his life. When he turned back to face Sammy, Rowena was standing next to him.
“Nah,” Dean said, “I’m good. Just checking in.” He turned expectantly to Eileen. “Come on,” he said clearly. “You’ll join me on this one, right?”
“I want you going down the right path. This motel’s got standards. Morality and shit. But like I said, I know you’re a good kid. You got some bad friends, but I know you’re not a bad kid. Right, Dean?”
And then out popped a bone deep fear that Dean wouldn’t be able to masturbate. That Cas would get back and Dean wouldn’t be able to masturbate. That he would just be stuck like this forever, suspended animation. Living dead.
Dean can’t reply. He can’t say anything else. He’s already said it once. Wasn’t that enough? Didn’t Cas -- Cas had to know.
“I’m saying --” Dean cut himself off. He wasn’t sure what he was saying. He licked his lips. It was colder than he remembered in the Bunker. His throat seized around itself. “It’s not just you,” he finished, lamely. “I just can’t right now, you capiche?”
Cas looked Dean in the eye. “He’s very attractive,” Cas said, then turned back to the screen. Dean’s mouth went dry. His eyes flickered over to Cas, but Cas wasn’t paying attention to him anymore. Cas was paying attention to the man on the screen. The shirtless man on the screen.
Cas seemed closer then he was before. Dean was so caught on not thinking about Cas, he wasn’t paying any attention to the channels he was clicking through until Cas spoke up.
Cas took the Ginsberg book. Dean huffed with a short laugh, looking at the bookshelf. His chest clenched. Sam said Cas was building his own bookshelf. He showed Dean a picture. It looked terrible. Dean told Sam that Cas could probably cover up a lot of the cracks with a good coat of paint and Sam said he’s pass it along. He’d tried to show Dean a copy of the finished product, but Dean hadn’t looked.
Jack’s expression cleared. “You’re talking about Sam,” he said. “Castiel told me that you sacrificed a lot to protect him. He said you were protecting Sam when he met you.”
“No,” Dean gave up and said, for the fiftieth or fifteenth time that night, that lifetime, “I mean, I
Setting up to masturbate felt wrong. Dean felt wrong. Like he was looking over his shoulders and realizing he’d missed the bus. Stupid, too. Dean had lost Cas before, without losing his dick in the process. He just had to power through. It was go time. Cas would come back back. Cas always came back. Cas would -- Dean would get Cas back.
“Yes,” Cas told him gravely. “I understand why Sam did not like it when I asked him about ball handlers.”
“Sexual intercourse does not require penetration,” Cas said, as if reading off some sort of sexual health guidebook. “Orgasms are not necessary for sexual encounters, though often desired. Still,” he told Dean, seriously. “With your condition, there are many options. You still experience nocturnal erections which --”
“Man,” Dean said, “I don’t even know what you’re saying. You sure you’re not,” he made a cuckoo gesture with his hands that Sam was sure to find obnoxiously offensive, “again?”
When Dean fell asleep, it was restless. Only good thing an orgasm ever gave him: a good night’s sleep.
“How would you know?” Claire asked and every single cell in Dean’s heart stopped for a second. Then she continued, “You had an impotent boyfriend before?” and Dean started to relax until the rest of the sentence caught up with him.
In the end, Dean left without saying anything. Couldn’t make the words come out. Just kept his teeth locked and his hands denting the steering wheel in front of him. Tried to let the road fall away beneath him, but he couldn’t stop remembering Jack, in the Impala, driving. Smiling. Dean turned up the radio and stiffly relaxed his hand against the window and thought about how easy it would be to wrench the car off the highway and into a tree stump. He’d probably die on impact, if he did it right.
Dean was already shaking his head. “Buddy,” Dean said, “these kinds of shows? They always have feelings for the vampires. Or monsters.” Then, because it looks like Cas still didn’t understand, Dean added, “besides, you don’t fight like that when you want to kill someone.”
“Right,” he says, after the roaring in his ears subsides. He smiles. “Pop culture download. Forgot about that.”
Dean took a sip of beer to try and warm up. Jody hugged Claire tight to her. They looked cozy. Dean took another sip of beer.
When Cas’ speaks again, his voice is deeper. Dean is just starting to massage his jaw back open. “Thank you for explaining the suck and fuck,” he says, politely. Bones rattle inside Dean. Even his toes are hit with the faint tremors.
Sam looked tired. Sam should rest, but Dean wasn’t feeling very generous. “I don’t -- sometimes I don’t know you at all, Dean. Because you don’t let anyone know you. You don’t even let you know you.”
Sam gave him a sardonic look. “I thought he was terrifying. I thought he was going to send you back to Hell. I don’t think you understood how scared I was of that.”
“Yes,” Cas said, but he also sounded uncertain. They kept watching, up to the point where three wacked out looking dudes jumped the chick. She was some kind of badass, taking names and --
It’d gotten soaked through with blood a few years back and Dean’d had to throw it away; he should’ve known better. Had to stop letting whatever was there under his nails and stretched skin pump ideas out instead of his brain. Crying over spilt milk instead of scrubbing it, dad used to tell him. Sam was better at the scrubbing, but it seemed like Dean did all the cleaning anyway.
“Honestly, I think Claire’s only coming because she wants some concrete proof that Cas is, you know, alive.” Hell, Dean could understand that.
“You’re an idiot,” Sam told him. “You can’t just decide to cut people out of your life because they don’t hate you enough.”
Cas looked out the couch for a second and it was as if the air in the room got heavier. Oh. This might be a mistake. Dean barely had time to think about scrambling up to a corner of the couch but not wanting Cas to feel -- unwelcome -- before Cas was sitting down next to him.
Nothing had happened, though. His dick had sort of just sat there. Floppy. Undercooked meat. Dean had shrugged, mentally, and put it out of his mind. Drugs could be a hell of a mood killer.
Sam shrugged, shoulder’s so high they touched the ends of his stupid floppy girl hair, making him look years younger. “Go get ‘em tiger?” Sam tried and it was so unexpected Dean snorted.
Still had a few issues with the junk in his trunk but if it was good enough for Doctor Sexy, it was good enough for Dean.
Twenty minutes of browsing later and Dean was slamming his computer closed. What the fuck was wrong with people? Some dude clearly trying to shill some sort of religion? Another dude out there talking about his loss of hope or faith in humanity? Jesus, you’d think impotence was a worse punishment than hell from the way some people talked about. Dean didn’t -- Dean didn’t want to be junkless or shit, but it wasn’t like his equipment had been seeing a lot of use these days. Probably for the better. Not like Dean ever brought anyone any sort of happy ending. Maybe this was just fucked up cosmic justice.
“It was a good pie,” Cas told him. “The secret,” he leaned in, “is using lard instead of butter in the crust.”
Whatever. This was fine. Not great, but. It was stress, Dean told himself. Cas would wake up and they’d talk and it would be like a Fountain of Youth in his pants.
“Fuck,” Dean said. “It’s not about that.” Cas looked at Dean. “Even if the junk in my trunk was in ship shape working order, I -- I still can’t, Cas.”
“Doesn’t seem to,” Dean agreed, nodding. “But you don’t stop trying. You love these chick flick moments.”
“Uh, no,” Sam said, surprised. “We were going to start looking at places together. We wanted somewhere that would be new for both of us.”
“There’s all kinds of stuff you can do without an erection.” Well, this certainly wasn’t heading anywhere good, Dean thought, and continued. “Stuff called outercourse. Lots of sex positions too, actually. There’s something called the pretzel. It’s this thing where you sort of I guess get up on someone’s knee. Or actually, I guess that won’t work to get between men ‘cause it talked a lot about the boob action. Most of these were kind of gay. I mean, girl-gay. Not guy-gay.”
“Dean,” Sam said, signing for Eileen, “you’re not coming. Eileen, you promised me you’d go hiking if I -- ah,” he blushed and stopped. Dean waggled his eyebrows but did not press. There were some things brothers did not need to know about each other. “You promised,” he said.
“Something is seriously wrong with you,” Sam said, smiling, then went back to his Very Serious Forehead Wrinkles. “Just, you’ll think about what I said, right?”
“I’m just joking, God!” Claire snapped. “She just hasn’t really even tried to be in a relationship since that shit with the asshole at school, okay? God. It’s fine. Everything fine.”
“I have found it hard to sleep in here,” Cas admitted. “It’s hard to tell the night from the day. It makes sleep difficult.”
“Nothing a few minutes away from this bullshit won’t fix,” Dean told her, gesturing expansively at the magazine.
Sam blushed but kept Dean’s gaze. “I thought it’d be nice if she came to the dinner thing tonight, and she agreed, so.” He shrugged.
Cas brought his hand up through his own hair which made Dean clench his fist into the back of the couch. He frowned at Dean. “You want to cut my hair?”
“Holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy. The world is holy. The soul is holy. The skin is holy. The tongue, the --” Cas coughed. “Holy the unknown buggered and suffering. Holy the supernatural extra brilliant intelligent kindness of the soul.”
“And what makes me so different from you?” Cas asked. He actually did sound lost, and maybe angry. Dean couldn’t tell. “What’s stopping you? You’re a good man, Dean.”
Cas turned away, hand flexing. He was trying to stay calm, stay here, for Dean, but Cas was angry. Dean’s stomach sank. He stood, empty handed, in front of Cas and considered just letting it go. Cas would let it go. Dean wouldn’t -- he’d never have to say anything. Sam wouldn’t push. Hell, Dean wasn’t even sure Sam would know to push. Not like he’d been out of the prowl or getting himself laid in, God, years. It was -- everything could just continue as it was.
Getting closer to the kitchen, Dean thought he could actually smell something besides just the barely burnt coffee Cas liked to make (“I am drinking coffee because I want to taste it, Dean. If I wanted to taste nothing, I’d drink water.”). Pancakes?
Cas loved him but Cas was just picking up some bad habits from Dean. Dean was nothing but a collection of bad habits, when it came down to it, and Cas would be better off losing all of them.
In the eighteenth episode of the seventh season of Doctor Sexy, MD, Doctor Sexy became impotent. Or, in technical Doctor Sexy, MD doctor speak, got psychological erectile dysfunction.
“Whatever,” Dean scoffed, crossing his arms, “everyone knows that.” This, for whatever frigging reason, seemed to amuse Cas, which just made Dean tighten up further. “Besides, what kind of a shit for luck amateur pie maker goes around spilling secrets like that?”
Dean chuckled. Cas found the words all right but apparently not the tact. “Yeah,” he said, “I know that song.” He patted the couch next to him. “Come here. I still got some leftover pizza.”
“I keep telling Sam,” Dean said, “it’s the fucking one lane ten minute traffic stopper at the corner downtown. Chokes everything back up to the highway.” He gives up on doing the whole hand gesture sign language thing when he gets to the word traffic, but he was pretty sure Eileen followed ‘cause she laughed when he finished and sort of nodded.
“Of course I love you,” Dean told the wall, eyes pressed closed. “What’s that got to do with anything?”
Dean reached the turn for the liquor store. He kept driving. He turned and got on the road just out of town to the cemetery. They’d burned Mary. Hunter’s funeral. Dean got a plot for her out here anyway. Dragged Sam over with him to pick out the headstone. Mom.
“You think my hands are clean?” Cas asked. “After everything that I have -- and you would condemn yourself? What, then, do you think of me?”
Dean wished he had a camera for Cas’ expression: eyes guileless open, mouth slack with surprise, Dean’s shirt falling loosely from Cas’ hand. “The Bunker --”
“Alright,” Dean cracked, “We got beer, booze and boobs.” Then Dean winced. “Uh, and dicks, I guess. The kind that you suck,” he clarified. “Not, you know, the kind that suck.” Dean squeezed his eyes shut in humiliation, then plowed forward. “Or people suck. In general. Lotta sucking to go around. All said and done. I have -- well.” Dean shut himself up.
“Yeah, asshole,” Dean said, warm and pleased. “Okay. I get it. You love me, I love you, we’re one great big family.”
“It’s not the same,” Dean protested. “Fuck, Cas, you were just doing what you thought was best. You made some mistakes and you worked -- hey,” he ducked to catch Cas’ eyes. “You worked hard to redeem yourself for those.”
Cas put a hand on Dean’s shoulder, bringing Dean’s stuttering to a stop. “Your pies are also very good, Dean.”
All totaled, it took almost seven and half hours and most of the not inconsiderable resources and magic stores already in the Bunker to open the Empty; but after seven and half hours, the sky cracked purple in front of them.
“Damn, Sammy,” Dean said, making sure Eileen could read his lips, “what have you done to your girl? Scared her off already?”
“I know, dude!” Dean refused to speak at the door and also wasn’t sure if he was even capable of looking at the place Sam had just been. So he spoke angrily to the ceiling.
“Still.” Cas’ voice, soft and warm, made Dean want to squeeze his eyes shut. “He appreciated it. It was good of you to do.”
And anyway, Dean wasn’t abstaining. He was just focused. And focus meant quick showers without lingering. Focus meant hitting the books all day every day. Focus meant giving yanking his chain a rest. But focus was gonna mean Cas, alive again, so Dean figured it was worth it.
“Uh,” he told the headstone. “Hey mom.” His throat was dry. “I’m not actually here to talk to you,” he said. “I wish I was. I wish I knew you better. We weren’t very honest with each other when we had the chance. I’m not --” Dean put his hand on the gravestone and settled himself into the wet grass. His knees felt wet already. He let himself hit back on his heels.
Cas blinked. “Don’t,” he told Dean, “tell me what I have sacrificed for you was not worth it. Don’t tell me my sacrifices were not worth it to me.”
“Don’t call it that.” It was amazing how quickly Dean could get Sam from sincere concern to pained. Could set your clock by it.
Wordlessly, Cas held up the remote. “Do you want to change the channel?” he asked. “There is a nature documentary I’d been meaning to watch.”
“It is,” he said. “I’ve been in the shit my entire life and you don’t stay down here without getting dirty.”
Dean poured himself a cup of coffee, took a sip and frowned down at it, startled by the taste. “This isn’t the usual burnt swill Cas likes.” He pointed accusingly at Cas.
Dean didn’t wait around for Sam to come back. The second Sam stepped out of the kitchen, Dean was out of there like a shot. Got in Baby, headed down the route to the bar in Lebanon. Turned his phone off. Something dark, burning its way through Dean’s gut. Dean just wanted to forget the whole fucking night, Sam going off about his usual bullshit.
Dean’s throat tightened and his stomach seemed to vanish. For some reason, the naked man he’d been picturing earlier popped into his mind. “That’s on me,” Dean told him. “I shouldn’t have just left you out there, with nothing. I wanted to,” Dean’s voice caught, “I wanted you to stay with us.”
Dean slept under the stars after Sam suggested Dean make or buy Cas some sort of housewarming gift. Dean’s joints felt frozen over and rusted in the morning. Taking a shower, Dean was surprised the pounding droplets of water didn’t leave any bruises.
“I thought it was clear, man,” Dean said quietly, trying to swallow around the lump in his throat. “I’m not --” he cleared his throat. “I’m asking to stay.”
Dean sunk his teeth into his cheek. His hand kind of hurt. His dick really hurt. The skin was starting to look kind of red and raw.
But mostly, Dean just closes his eyes and imagines Cas waits at the threshold of the Bunker door for him. Sometimes minutes, sometimes hours. Cas stands there and waits and then, in Dean’s best fantasies, he starts speaking to Cas. Even while there’s a him standing there watching Cas leave, in his head, there’s another Dean who is telling Cas everything that bubbles up in his throat, everything that thumps against his teeth, everything that circles his jaw.
Dean slumped forward, letting his forehead slide past Cas, away from the searching fondness and confusion in his blue eyes, shaking silently, until Cas, hesitantly, lifted a large hand and clasped it down on the back of Dean’s neck. They stood like that, still and unmoving, until Dean pulled away.
There was the stupid cranberry salad for Sammy and cranberry roasted pork loin over smashed potatoes for everyone else. Even Jody gave it her seal of approval and eating, at least, got their mouths moving without words getting in the way.
Cas pulled back first. “Dean,” he said. He stopped. His breath was shaky. Dean put a hand on Cas’ chest and was surprised to find he was trembling too. “I’m serious. I can’t go back there. I want to be here. I like it here.”
Eileen directed her answer to Dean. “Surprising amount of traffic for a town with a population in the hundreds.”
“Woah!” he couldn’t stop himself from saying as the small blond girl took the big beefy one’s shirt off. “That is not -- that’s not okay!”
It wasn’t good and it wasn’t right and it wasn’t how he was supposed to feel, so Dean tamped it down, but it was there. Only apparently not anymore.
As soon as they were both gone, Cas pulled out of the table away from Dean. “I’ll get out of your way,” he told Dean.
“Great,” Dean grunted. “Thank you for that. I feel all cozy inside right about now. Real great talk Sam. Let’s do this again never.”
Dean thought and then bit his cheek. He grabbed the remote and clicked on the television. It only took Dean a second to realize it was MASH reruns.
The moon was heavy and full in the sky, illuminating the heavy stones and thick wrought iron gates. Dean stepped forward and put his hand on Jack’s shoulder. Then he pulled him in for a hug. He held Jack and rocked him, once, before he let go and clapped Jack on the shoulder.
Dean started at the strange voice, terror coursing through his veins, launching himself up into a standing attack position. He looked around wildly. “Jack? Um, God?”
The pit in Dean’s stomach opens wider, poisoning the blood inside him. His laugh feels dry and humorless. His lips taste cracked when he licks them. Without entirely knowing why, Dean says, “I had a date today.”
wake up first, but it did happen. Dean didn’t like those mornings as much. He wasn’t sure if Cas liked them. Cas tended to spend his early mornings in the garden or in his room, praying. Cas didn’t like to talk about it. Dean asked him, once, and Cas just looked back so defeated that Dean felt too helpless to ever try again.
But this wasn’t like that at all. Because, sure, Dean didn’t get hard anymore but he’d still look and think that Cas was so goddamn beautiful it hurt to look all the way out at him and breathe, and Dean’s stomach still got trapped somewhere between his sternum and Singapore when Cas touched his shoulder. Still made Dean wanna drop down and give him twenty when Cas looked right into him. His chest still clenched when Cas smiled and he still found it hard to talk early in the morning when Cas was waking up and putting on new clothes or walking around completely unresponsive until after a cup or five of coffee. It was just all dice and no boners these days.
“Right,” Dean said, and put his hands in his pocket. “It’s true. I didn’t treat you right. I was --”
“You can’t -- you can’t think like that, man. You can’t just fuck off and take on whatever just to stop bad things from happening.” Dean’s ribs felt like they were constricting around his heart. “It doesn’t work. You can’t stop them, Jack, and you’re just gonna hurt people trying to protect ‘em.”
Dean was surprised by Cas, but didn’t want to say so. “And if you think I’m third wheeling,” he told Sam, “you’ve got another thing coming.”
Dean shook his head. “I’m talking about you,” he said. “We -- I -- was wrong. You should’ve never tried to become a bomb. I’ve, uh, I’ve actually been in the role of bomb to blow up God’s sister before. Told Cas he was my brother,” Dean’s mouth soured, “hugged Sam, everyone. I didn’t want to go, but I was glad it was me. Felt like I’d get to rest or something. Stupid, I know.”
He’d probably stick around while Cas was recovering. That was good. There was a blank spot in Dean’s head when he tried to think about after Cas had recovered. Dean pushed the blank emptiness back into the far reaches of his mind and plugged in the coffee maker.
Cas nodded. Something in his face softened. “He came by. We talked. It was -- very moving. He’s thinking about stepping down as God. Letting all that power go back to the Universe.” He frowned. “And Amara, I suppose.”
They picked off in the middle of season two. That was fine. Then Angel and Buffy had sex. And after that one true moment of happiness for Angel lost Buffy her virginity and Angel his soul in one sick curse, Dean and Cas had lost their ability to speak.
Cas didn’t respond to that at first. Dean fidgeted uncomfortably, fingers twitching. Cas was still leaning forward, hair starting to get a little shaggy.
“Yeah,” Dean told him. “You are. You just said you weren’t -- feeling emotions and shit. That ain’t living. You’re giving up a lot of stuff you want, your life, just ‘cause you gotta stop anything bad from ever happening.”
Dean thinks he might throw up again. He leans his head back against the wall behind him. The ceiling of the bunker is endless. He moves the phone down from his ear and puts it on the ground.
Besides, Dean was forty now. Fuck. Forty-two. Still living far past what he thought he’d live to, and sometimes it felt like he carried each and every one of those years around with him.
Miss Marbel took a hand off his knee in order to riffle around in her bag. It was a big thing, covered in a faux fur leather fringe, nearly twice the size of Miss Marbel’s chest. Her hand smacked around inside the yawning yellow maw of that purse before hitting on whatever it was she was looking for.
Dean tutted at his brother. “Talk like this is what’s going to get you at the bottom of the food chain.”
Dean swallows. “You would’ve liked her, man.” His voice seems to echo against the walls. “You gotta understand. What it’s like. Women, these women, they throw themselves at you and they smell so good and they really take care of themselves, you know? I mean, I never knew women could be like that, you know? And they’re slipping their room keys right into my hands, different women. She wasn’t like that, though. She was …” Dean trails off. Cas’ll fill in the blanks, he figures. The pit in his stomach kicks at the back of his tongue.
Dean wasn’t an idiot. Cas wasn’t the only one tangled up in this thing with Dean. Dean knew that. And yeah, sure, he knew that Cas cared about him. Or loved him, or whatever. He also knew that was a stupid ass move on Cas’ part. Dean wasn’t -- Dean wasn’t a good choice. Cas would find a better one. Cas deserved to find a better one, he told himself, chest tightening, clicking on the first threesome porn video he saw.
“Can I come in?” Dean asked, glancing around. “Don’t wanna have this discussion out here. But I will,” he added, grin fading as Cas continued not speaking. “I get it if you don’t want to let me in right now. I was -- am -- pretty terrible. But, uh, I’ve been talking to a few people, you know, online. About my dick problems. And then Sam kinda talked to me and then I kinda talked to Jack and --”
Was the room getting darker, Dean wondered distantly. He could hear something that sounded like banging -- Sam, getting back from some workout. The pipes adjusting in the winter. “Being human’s overrated, Cas,” Dean told the floor. He took a step forward and sat down on the edge of Cas’ bed, looking the opposite way as Cas.
Dean closed his eyes and felt something sharp and cold flood through his entire body. He didn’t move. “And?” he shoved out.
Dean took a beat, threw back his head, and laughed. It poured out of him, easing the tension in the air pushing down on his chest, and threw an arm across Cas’ shoulders. Thick. Solid. Dean pulled his hand back and changed the channel.
Claire snorted then immediately tried to play it off by looking away from all of them. “Yeah, you should’ve heard Alex’s boyfriend when he couldn’t get it up. Talk about hilarious.”
Dean’s head pounds. “Slow’s fine,” he says over his own heartbeat. He clears his throat. “Harder outside, though. Don’t want to get caught. Police -- people -- ain’t very understanding about certain kinds of adult activities. And I suppose they’ve even got a point, but sometimes you don’t have much of a choice.”
They were going to try it tomorrow. Sam and Rowena talked it over -- while Dean was sleeping -- and decided that was the best course of action.
It wasn’t like that, now, though. Sam was -- happy. Dean thought. It eased something in his chest and tightened something else a little lower, watching Sam.
“Dean, you’ve been sitting here and going on hunts and putting on this happy face, but I know you. I can’t remember the last time you went out, or hit on a waitress or, hell, opened one of those disgusting magazines I know you’re still subscribed to ‘cause they’re still getting delivered here --”
“You are my home,” Cas said in a voice so earnest Dean knew he had to be fucking with him. Dean didn’t care. Dean pulled Cas back in for another kiss and lost track of the minutes. When Cas finally pulled away, he was panting and Dean’s shirt was missing two or three buttons Dean didn’t think he was ever finding.
“That’s a good idea,” Dean mumbled to the table. The heat of Cas’ body next to Dean was starting to get a little uncomfortable. Dean shifted and grabbed one more pancake.
It was hot in Kansas. Dean liked it. The Bunker was temperature controlled, perfect in every room. Outside, Dean’s shirt got sticky with sweat and his skin burned when he kept in one place too long. The ground was hard and dirty and the grass was short and scratchy and sometimes wet. There were bugs.
It took Sam and Dean three months to get Cas back. It took Dean nearly the same amount of time to realize his dick wasn’t working.
Dean grunted. “I’m not some kind of homophobe, Sammy. Cas can go flap his multicolored rainbow wings off at every second drag queen’s debutante float for all I care.”
“Now, you idiot,” Rowena told him and Dean reached deep, deep, deep down into the cracked purple sky until he felt something latch on. Dean pulled and strained and stayed perfectly still until --
“If that’s all for the evening's entertainment,” Rowena told them both. “I’ve got demons to wine and dine.” Before either of them could respond, Rowena snapped herself away.
“When’s the last time you slept in your bed?” Cas asked. He’s smiling, though, like he’s teasing Dean, and it’s all wrong because Dean is breaking his heart. Cas shouldn’t be smiling while Dean sets up the trip wire.
“Don’t,” he told Cas, facing away. A parody of the last time Cas died. Well who gave a shit. Dean wasn’t letting that happen again.
Eileen’s answering smile was full of teeth, but she grabbed half of Dean’s pancake right out of his hand and shoved it in her mouth. Dean raised his eyebrows. “Sammy,” he said, “you put a ring on this one.”
Turns out, Google Maps had nothing on Dean. Took him three and a half hours, rounding down, to pull up outside a dark green, single story house at the edge of New Salem. Dean looked over the splotchy trees, scraggly bushes and spaced out ramshackle houses. He could almost picture Cas there, walking, taking Jack to the lake, growing plants. Sitting on the porch and watching the sky.
Dean gave Claire a little open handed shrug. “It’s not the worst thing to work around.” Claire gave him a puzzled sort of look in response and raised an eyebrow.
“You know,” Sam said, pointing at Dean. Dean looked at his younger brother in surprise. “You’re only this much of a dick when you’re really miserable. Look, I don’t know what the hell is going on with you and Cas, especially with how hard you rode us trying to get him back, but can you just try and put a lid on it before I get back? Or stow it for a night, at least?”
Dean wanted to tell Cas that it wasn’t any problem. Of course they were coming. His throat closed and opened. Cas didn’t care about that shit. “Anytime,” he told Cas dismissively, only it was true. “Sam taking good care of you?”
“Damnit, Cas,” Dean said, before Cas could wind up. It felt like dragging sandpaper over an open wound. “It’s not about that. You’re not listening.”
Sam huffed. “Fine,” he said. “I’m done. I’m leaving.” Sam paused at the door, half-way out of the room, “Oh, and don’t forget. Eileen’s coming over for dinner tomorrow.” He sinks back into himself for a moment, like a slinky coming to a full stop. “We were gonna break the news to you about the move then.”
Dean felt something uncomfortable lurking under those words. “He’s doing a lot of good now, though. Helping her, fighting the forces of evil.”
“Then I am sorry, Dean,” Cas said and then Dean is mad. Dean is furious because what the fuck is wrong with Cas?
“Bullshit. That’s such bullshit. God, Dean, you don’t even believe that. I know you don’t believe that.”
Sam pursed his lips. Dean raised an eyebrow. Noticed Sam was wearing a flannel Dean hadn’t seen too much of. “Eileen coming over later?” he asked.
“Dean.” Cas didn’t sound amused. He also didn’t move out of the doorway, leaving Dean nervously exposed on his step.
Sex wasn’t love and what he had with Benny was a little bit of both and a little bit of neither. Dean shook his head. “Nope.”
Dean rubbed his eyes with the back of his hand and yawned. Then, he swung his feet over the side of the couch and pushed himself into a standing position. Oh that did not feel good on his back, shoulders or neck.
It wasn’t until after a “Got any beers, old man?” from Claire and a general effort on behalf of Jody to move everyone outside to look at the stars (Jody, Cas and Sam in favor, Claire and Dean outvoted) that everything started to slip sideways.
“I want you to know,” Cas said, carefully, in the middle of the next episode, “that I did not think about it in this way.”
Cas doesn’t like to text because Cas doesn’t often remember he has a phone. Makes sense. He did spend several millennia without them.
“So, Dean,” Sam said in his gratingly smug Stanford Educated voice, “you know what I thought when I first met Cas?”
“Of course,” Cas told him. “I had assumed that a show about hot men would be more of a chick show than one about hot women.”
Cas bent his head graciously and continued. “But it’s not. To me. I like living here. I like finding things and getting to keep them. It’s quiet. It’s nice to see people in the morning when I’m walking. Deborah baked me a pie.” It’s absurd for Dean to feel jealous. Dean shouldn’t be jealous of Deborah, who probably didn’t even use lard in the pie crust and had probably never seen Cas on less than one cup of coffee in the morning.
“He said he loved you,” Sam said and Dean was surprised when Sam pressed, “and that’s where he lost you, because you can’t imagine why the hell anyone would do that. You’re
He was in the kitchen by six -- before the sun -- drinking coffee when Sam dragged himself in, fully decked head to toe in his girlish neon running gear.
Hell, he remembered when people used to pass around these things at lunch. Made him think of Miss Marbel. Friendly, sarcastic sort of matronly lady who used to keep lookout outside a motel a couple of towns out from Louisville that they'd stayed at when Sam'd been in fourth grade. She’d always been kinda intimidating. Dean still remembered how she’d glare at him and Kenny when they walked through afternoons when Sam’s classes ran late. But she offered Dean snacks for him and Sam sometimes. Dean refused the first few times, like John taught him, but sometimes he’d be real hungry or Sam would and Dean would grab the extra apples and run all the way back to their room in the motel like maybe that would prevent John from ever knowing Dean did something wrong.
An image floated into Dean’s head then, crisp as an autumn day: him, Sam and Cas, on a hunt, days or minutes or years from now. Sam, in the back, looking out the window, tense and annoyed but not wanting to disturb the peace. Dean, shoulders tight and back tense. Sadness still clinging to the edges of Cas’ wrinkling face. Everything continuing as it was now.
Cas opened the door. His face was creased. Dean watched, in slow motion, as Cas recognized him, smile dropping off his face, hands falling to his side.
he loves you because you like him and you don’t like seeing people you care about mess up. And dying afterwards? It’s just another piece of evidence that loving you is some kind of death sentence.”
Sam didn’t give him the time. “Then, I thought he was just that angel, that terrifying angel that hung around my brother. He betrayed us, then died, then became my friend. I still thought he’d get you killed, but I also worried maybe you’d get him killed now. I thought you were both so stupid. You -- you -- you’d be dressing him up and making him recite Clint Eastwood monologues one week, and then getting beaten within an inch of your life the next, Dean!”
“Right,” Cas says, confused, and then Dean hears something rattling on the other end and he thinks this is it, Cas is going to say goodbye and Cas is going to hang up the phone and Dean came to the kitchen and Dean waited and it’s going to end right now.
The sun wouldn’t be up for another few hours, but it didn’t matter. All the lights in the Bunker were fluorescent anyway. It freaked Sam out, but Dean didn’t care. Dean could wake up and wander around and it would always be the right time to be awake because it was when Dean was awake. No real day or night, other than when Dean decided. Gave him the illusion of control over time.
Dean smirked. He knew that feeling. Baby fat got him far in the cheap’n’fast dining establishments of middle America. Still. Miss Marbel wasn’t some kid. She was an adult. He thought she might be better off keeping the cigarette. “Alright,” he said, and left the cigarette alone.
Dean’s throat closed up around itself and he had to swallow a few times before he could speak again. “Yeah, well,” he said gruffly. “Gadreel. He, uh, would’ve killed Sam. That was my fault, though. Inviting some dumbass lying angel inside my brother.”
Dean chuckles. “Timing,” he says. “It’s key, ‘cause you wanna, uh,” Dean pauses, face feeling unexpectedly hot.
“Nah,” he said. “I doubt I got that much gas left in the tank.” The accompanying grin came easy. He knew how that grin looked. How it made him look.
“Fine,” Dean groused. “We can watch your chick show.” He leaned back and before he could think about it, threw his arm over the back of the couch. Cas leaned forward, putting his hands on his knees. Dean curled his fingers around the rough couch cushion and compelled himself to look at the television.
“I don’t regret it,” Cas said. “Jack is a son to me. I would do anything to keep him safe. You have done far worse for Sam.”
Cas paused. “You know my type,” he told Dean, which was bullshit, because Dean didn’t. Dean had no fucking idea what Cas’ type was because Cas had sex once with a lady who killed him and then did that whole thing with Dean, which also killed him. Outside of some poetry, Dean wasn’t even sure Cas liked men or women or both or neither.
Eventually, Dean left the library to fall, exhausted, into bed. He fell asleep uneasily, sleep deprivation getting the better of him. Cas was standing in front of Dean again. "I love you," but the sound was off and then the image cracked and cracked and cracked and shattered while Dean stood frozen still, arm reaching out. He bent down, picking up the biggest shard of glass still showing Cas' face until the Empty swallowed it whole and Dean sat bolt upright in bed, drenched in sweat, heart pounding.
Cas, thankfully, let that one go without comment. His hand dropped off Dean’s shoulder and his expression got serious again. “It’s not about the pie specifically. Though the pie, of course, very nice. It’s,” Cas struggled to find the words and Dean watched him and Dean waited ‘cause Dean knew what that was like and he knew what it was like when someone didn’t let you, “it’s nice to choose things. As an angel, I wasn’t --” Cas cut himself off, looking around crowded, cluttered living the room a little embarassed. “It’s not a freedom I am familiar with. Perhaps I have not done the best job.”
Sam signed something quickly to Eileen, who turned to Dean with a big grin. “Sam’s a big boy. He’s good at handling little things.” She waggled her eyebrows.
He would start out carefully distant from Dean, but then Dean would move closer or Cas would and then the next thing Dean knew, he would be blinking into what passed for morning light, neck aching, nose cold and hiding in Cas’ throat, dick down for the count.
Usually, Cas calls him. Dean’s pretty sure he only does that cause Dean makes him. He never stays on the phone long. Dean’d feel bad about making him check in, but Dean grips the phone so tightly when Cas does calls that he’s starting to wear groves into the side of his phone, so. Cas is going to have to be the one to ask him to stop.
Dean was sleeping when Rowena finally found a spell in the translated page of some codex Sam apparently thought was safe for the Queen of Hell to keep that was supposedly going to get Cas back.
So he’d driven out to the beach house and he’d stood in the open air and looked at the water. It was so fucking peaceful out there. Dean milled around the water until the sun set, then started carving the sigil into the ground. He didn’t know if it was a prayer or a curse or an apology. Jack was -- Jack wasn’t someone Dean wanted to care for. He wasn't someone Dean thought he could care for. Long as he could remember Dean had one job. Job didn’t involve caring. It didn’t involve being, it involved doing. Doing one thing well and burying everything else. Never taking your eye off the ball. Dean held on so damn tight because everything went to shit when he didn’t.
Cas sounded -- Dean can’t read Cas’ voice anymore. Cas sounded, and then those sounds made words, and if Dean cared to interpret them he’s pretty sure the words meant, “I know you consider me a brother, Dean. You don’t have to say it. Though it was,” he paused, “very nice to hear.”
“Alright, Samantha,” Dean shifted uncomfortably. “Over and out. You stand with the fruits of America. Message received.”
“Kid’s dumbest mistake was looking up to me. Wanting me to like him. You know, I remember looking at Dad the exact same way?” Dean snapped his mouth shut, like it could catch the words and stuff them back. Then he remembered it didn’t matter. Sam was leaving, Cas was gone and no one could hear him anyway. “Jack just wanted to be good. Do good. Cas was right. Cas’ been trying to contact him, you know? But no luck.”
Fuck. This was dumb. He couldn’t make himself leave, though. The water, cold and dirty, sinking into his jeans, pulling him into the cemetery.
Dean was pretty sure Sam said some other things but Dean couldn’t hear him through the wood paneling. Dean’s stomach hurt. He pressed two fingers experimentally against it. He’d had worse. His stomach had been especially weak since he’d almost died on the vamp-mime case, though. Dean couldn’t tell if that was Chuck’s doing, making everything a little bit harder now that they were no longer God-blessed main characters, or just him, aging.
“Don’t be fucking sorry,” Dean snapped. “God, I thought -- in Purgatory you told me you understood, that-that I never asked you to stay. I tried, Cas, but you didn’t fucking listen. I told you not to do this. I didn’t want this, Cas. I didn’t want --”
“Anyway,” Dean says, before Cas can say anything else. “You gotta get yourself the right kind of woman. You know, the kind that’ll toss you around a bit. If you want a suck and fuck. Thin heels. Small purse. That’s how you know they ain’t afraid to pull you off in public.”
Cas frowned. “There is, of course, much I still don’t understand. Yet.” He looked sideways up at Dean, who was still steadfastly staring at the fallen books, spread askew across the room. “I thought -- being human would make me understand.”
“Yes,” Cas agreed. “I suppose that is true. But I don’t think … I don’t know if this is something we should get used to, as you say. I got used to the cold and hunger when I was last without my grace. But I was not … happy.”
People have tried. It hit Dean then, with a dawning awareness, that people have tried to take this from Cas.
“So you’re ready to pull out this whole thing now but when I need back up on the maturity and importance of adult discussions before making adult decisions, like going on birth control, you’re in the wind,” Jody said.
Dean grinned through bites of pancake. “You’re welcome, Sammy.” He chewed a bit slower this time, actually trying to get through the pancake instead of swallowing it whole. “So. What’re everyone’s plans for the day?” he asked when he was done.
Cas ignored that. “A nocturnal erection indicates that your impotence is psychological, not medical.” He sounded -- excited? Hopeful? Cas’ speed picked up. “The male penis is far less --”
“Yes,” Cas said stiffly. “Sam informed me that you two have not been able to contact him. That he is … god, now.”
When it was clear Jack didn’t have anything else to say, Dean started to speak. It was like the words were pushing themselves out now and they needed to get all the way out of his throat before whatever this was snapped closed within Dean. “I don’t got a lot to offer. And I guess I give a lot of it to Sam. And I saw you needed better. Deserved better. I knew I couldn’t give it to you. After Cas -- I mean, I didn’t have anything left. So I got mad at you. And now I’m pushing Cas away. Cause it’s easier. But it isn’t right.”
With his eyes closed, Dean can imagine Cas smiling at him fondly. “I should let you go,” Cas tells him, dispelling the image. Dean tries to say something else, but his teeth are pressed together too tightly. Dean pushes against the bottom on his jaw with his thumb and breathes through his nose.
Dean scoffed. “She’s mad. She feels betrayed, ‘cause he’s been lying to her. But he’s not really even fighting back. She could end him quickly if she wanted. But she wants him to explain.”
“Jungle?” Sam sputtered, while Eileen laughed loudly. “What jungle? This is Kansas! There’s no jungle!”
Cas was tilting his head and squinting at Dean and Dean was breathing and glaring and trying not to start fucking sobbing in the middle of his living room over a fucking movie night with his best friend and Jesus, how had watching some demon fighting chick brought them all to here? “I -- you want me?”
Dean was moving onto his seventh beer, and Jody was well into her fifth. It was getting a little cold outside.
It made Dean need to quash his impulse to shove the coffee table over on its side. Dean didn’t want that kind of movie.
“What?” Dean asked, eyes scanning over the Bunker kitchen. Cas and Eileen were next to each other, newspaper between them, drinking two different cups of coffee. “Eileen spend the night?”
He wasn’t even Dean’s friend. Dean just walked with him home past the motel because he had an extra forty five minutes Tuesdays and Thursdays before Sammy’s school let out and Kenny lived just up the block. Wasn’t like Dean wanted to. It was just convenient.
Sam pounded his fists on Dean’s door. “Cas is awake,” he said. “I don’t know what’s up with you two these days but he died for you and he’s your best friend.”
Dean’s chest tightened. “Yeah,” he said. “But.” He stopped. Push, plunge. “I do want,” Dean said. “I don’t know why I’m like -- this, but, Cas, I’ve -- for -- Cas.”
Cas was the first to speak. “That seems to be a particularly cruel curse. It was meant to hurt Angel but it seems to just destroy those around him.”
“That’s funny,” Cas said, after a minute. “She thought he was reading her diary, but it was just her mother. And so, in her panic, she has revealed the contents of her diary anyway. It’s good,” Cas told Dean. “I like this show.”
Dean peered around Cas’ room instead of responding. It hadn’t changed much since they’d dragged his body out of the empty and into the Bunker. “Your room’s got less decoration than Spike’s crypt,” he told Cas.
Dean was half up to a standing position before he caught himself. “I’m fifteen,” he said, at the last minute, remembering the lie dad made him practice.
The tips of Sam’s ears went red, which made something heat up nice and warm in Dean’s chest. It hadn’t been easy like this between them -- Dean didn’t wanna think how long. Didn’t want to think about why two extra people filling out the spaces they couldn’t reach made it easy again. Just wanted to take a minute and bask in it.
Dean let himself bask in this moment too: Cas, with a smile and Dean, the one who put it there. Sam interrupted with a scoff. “Yeah,” he said. “And we’re the nauseating ones.”
“Thirty-seven and you still need a little wingman action?” Dean forced. Thankfully, Sam ignored him.
Cas sounds frustrated. “I believe I am familiar with … following someone else’s pace,” he tells Dean through his shitty four years out of date phone speakers. Yeah, Dean thinks. He supposes Cas is. Meg -- and April -- didn’t really seem like the slow down and talk it out types.
“It was good enough for him,” Sam said. “He loved you. He loves you. And you’re just sitting here because once he said those words, he lost you. And he didn’t even know it,” Sam said, shaking his head.
“It’s different,” Jack interrupted, a strange frown on his face, “being God. Everything feels so far away. I remember feeling but I don’t remember how to feel anymore. It’s all echoes.”
“Are you and Sam happy?” Jack asked and Dean couldn’t help himself. He laughed. It was the bitter kind of laugh that scrapped against the back of his throat on the way out. Jack tilted his head and furrowed his brow and Dean tightened his grip on Mary’s grave not to buckle under it all.
“Get a load of that asshole,” Dean told Cas, leaning in and rolling his eyes at Sam. Cas made a vaguely amused expressions back at Dean that Dean didn’t know what to do with. He stuffed another pancake in his mouth.
That sent something ricocheting around between Dean’s ears that he dutifully ignored. “You’re freaking apologizing for saving Jack’s life and mine. What kind of asshole does that?”
“No. Well, yeah.” Dean held up his laptop. He took a fortifying mental breath. He was here. He was starting this. No backing down. “Thought maybe we could watch on my laptop.”
“What do you want, Dean?” He actually sounds curious but he doesn’t mean it that way at all because Cas doesn’t even know how what he just said sounds. Dean presses his fingers tight as he can into the magnet to ground himself before answering.
Doctor Sexy did what he always did: he went to talk it out with the first floor coma patient Mr Sleeps-a-Lot. On his way there, the hot-but-patient nurse he’d been unable to get it up with at the start of the episode came up and slapped him. She was convinced he never loved her and was only pretending to be impotent.
“I thought I would finally be good,” Jack told him. “I would do a good thing and then I could stop -- stop everything. The doubt, mostly. And the fear.”
So Dean had the mag in one hand ‘cause Dean was feeling sentimental or what the fuck ever and his dick in the other
“Castiel has been praying to me.” Jack looked away from Dean. “I remember feeling -- love. For him.”
