But he hadn't been fair to Steve about it, even if Steve hadn't handled the situation any better. Sometimes he didn't understand how he and Steve were supposed to be 'soul mates.' They bickered, argued, and talked past each other more than most. Shouldn't true soul mates agree on almost everything and never once raise their voices to one another? Being with Steve was sometimes a contest to see which one of them could shout louder than the other. It was fun, but it was loud.
"Something wrong?" he asked.
like Tony Stark (or what they thought Tony Stark to look like)? Yeah, that might be kind of fun to watch.
But maybe he didn’t need to slaughter an animal—perhaps there was another way.
Bucky snorted. “Of course, he did.”
They both turned to face the man—no, something else. The curled black horns rising from his head said otherwise, and when he winked at their gaping, his eyes flickered orange.
"We don't own a cat," Steve said carefully, eyes roaming over Tony's collection of items. Tony caught the moment it clicked for Steve because his face contorted. "It's that Whiskers? What are you doing with Whiskers?"
“We’re not using that thing in this house.”
“Really, Steve,” Tony had said through an eye roll. “It’s just a game—look, Hasbro makes it. Would Hasbro let demons eat the children?”
The next day, Tony went to the cemetery to get a scoop of dirt—because nothing said creepy like graveyard dirt. He even put it in a little tin with a lock of his hair, just for extra luck.
Tony picked up the Beanie Baby, then dropped it in the hole, kicking dirt over it. “Motherboard, Steve. Have I taught you nothing? And don’t get off topic. Tonight is about proving that demons aren’t real.”
Tony blinked in shock, though he couldn’t help but appreciate the view. Instead of fear, he felt the stirrings of arousal. If this was what demons looked like, Tony should have been summoning them years ago.
Steve’s mouth opened, closed, then opened again. “That’s—I didn’t mean—Never mind." He shook his head, licking his lips. "My, um, my name is Steve.”
“Hm?” Steve hummed, then twisted his body to face Bucky a bit better. “We have a party for Halloween. Funny enough, Tony had wanted to use the Ouija board.”
Cautious gaze on Bucky, he said, “Don’t you need to get something out of it? Like my soul or something—because I got to say, I draw the line at damning myself to hell.”
But it wasn’t really Steve’s fault. He’d been set up for a life of paranoia around the supernatural. His mother had brought a new meaning to the word superstitious as a devout catholic from Ireland.
Tony stiffened. “I thought you only had a couch and Gossip Girl to get back to?”
"Hey, grandad was an eccentric, a genius." Tony waggled a finger at him, then added, "Anyway, I'm figuring that since Whiskers is a collector's item, she'll be worth more to a demon—maybe as much as a real cat. Excellent substitute, if you ask me, which I think you did with those judgy eyes."
Tony scrunched his nose, eyes drifting to the horns. His curious mind was already working, trying to make sense of the details. “Aren’t the horns, you know, part of the demon gig?”
These little paranoid quirks ranged from tossing salt over his shoulder while cooking to not stepping on cracks to never letting a black cat cross his path. Steve thought he was being careful—safe even—but Tony thought he was just ridiculous.
Tony had leveled his gaze at Steve, then sighed. “You need to get over your fear, and I’m going to prove to you that it's safe.”
“Maybe they’re demons, too, and this is how they traffic souls.”
That made Bucky chuckle. “What am I going to do with it? Other than maybe calling it out in bed.”
“By burying my Beanie Baby?”
He was cut off when the planchette on the board began to vibrate, then stopped, followed by silence.
“It’s because Steve has pretty eyes, isn’t it?” Tony asked, sliding a possessive hand over Bucky’s waist. “It’s always the eyes with him.”
“Um, I’m not sure I should tell you,” Steve said, frowning.
Steve dropped his hand from his mouth. "This isn't a joke, Tony. I'm serious. We can't do this."
Bucky scrunched his nose. “Not really?”
“And you know my name because?” Tony asked, a tiny bit of concern for the future of his soul seeping through.
Tony huffed but bent to move the board closer to the buried cat, then channeling his inner Winchester, he muttered a few things he could remember from the show, waved his hand over everything in a dramatic fashion, then straightened with a smirk. “See? Nothing happened. I—”
When he got home, he double-checked that Steve wasn’t around and stole something from his shelf beside the bed—his Beanie Baby Cat.
Steve had made Tony put the board on the patio for the night, and when they’d gone to bed, Tony had noticed Steve being extra cautious about saying his prayers.
Steve’s brows pulled together. “No, I’m pretty sure normal people don’t know that.”
"Sacrificing your cat."
Steve’s brows shot up. “Seriously, you’re going with that? An earthquake we didn’t feel but shook the board?”
Bucky turned to look at him. “Is that what you want to fulfill the bargain? Sex can be a powerful thing.”
Setting the supplies down on the damp grass, Tony went to the tool shed to get a shovel, and standing next to his horde, he started digging a hole big enough for the stuffed cat and tin of dirt.
“Tony…” his husband warned. "What is all that? What are you doing?"
“Like something you’d name a stray?” Bucky asked, then shrugged again. “It is what it is. So what’s yours, big guy?”
“Yeah, Tony,” a voice like aged whiskey said from behind them. “That’s the best explanation you’ve got?”
Steve looked pained as he caught Bucky’s hand. “What if we didn’t want it to be over?”
Things went pretty quickly after that, and they’d ended up spending hours chasing their pleasure and release.
The demon tipped his head to the side a bit, raising a brow. “Obviously.”
Tony peeled an eye open. “Well, I think it did work out rather well. You got to fuck a demon, Steve. Who else can say that?”
Tony grinned, then tossed the shovel to the side. The hole was big enough for the cat and tin.
Tony snorted. “Don’t hold it against him.”
Tony rolled his eyes again. “It’s literally medical equipment, and honestly, Steve, you stab yourself daily with this thing. Besides, everyone knows you need blood to summon a demon.”
“Making a deal, babe. Trust me, contracts are my business. Besides, you can’t deny he’s sex on legs.”
Tony grinned, then pricked his finger and let a droplet of blood fall on the ground where the Beanie Baby and tin were buried. “That should do it. Now, I just need to say an incantation over the Ouija board and sacrifice, and you’ll see for yourself that nothing bad will happen. Then we can have our party like normal consenting adults.”
Steve frowned but crossed over to him. “What if you're wrong?”
The plan was all coming together.
Dragging a finger over Steve’s muscular abs up to his nipple, he said, “What are your plans for the weekend?”
“Fine, we'll use it outside—tomorrow, at sunset—I need time to prepare, anyway,” Tony had said.
Then it was Bucky’s turn to frown. They couldn’t mean they wanted him. “You don’t—why would you want more?”
“Hey,” Tony said, feeling something stir in him. “If anyone is getting railed here, it’s me.”
Steve gasped. “Tony, don’t humor him. He’s a fucking demon.”
One thing that drove Tony crazy was that Steve refused to allow a Ouija board in the house, which really rained on Tony’s plans for their Halloween party. He’d thought it would be fun for their friends to get together and play, maybe have a few drinks and scare each other a little.
Bucky's gaze swept over them, hunger in his eyes, then he said, “Payment for me would be this—being together—however you’d like. It’s been way too long since I’ve had the time for a little fun.”
“It’s a sacrifice, Steve! Get with the program. Now get over here.”
The man, apparently demon, had hair that hung past his ears, nearly to his shoulders, framing his face. He had a sinful mouth and expressive eyes, which right now had a mischievous glint.
The fire returned to Bucky’s eyes, simmering for a moment as he said, “Deal.”
"I already explained it to you yesterday. I'm proving there's no such thing as demons by burying Whiskers with some grave dirt, a lock of hair, and a drop of blood. It’s all very authentic."
That made Steve snap out of it. “Hang on, there’s a form?”
“Fine, but for the record, I think this is a bad idea, and if we end up needing a priest, I’m blaming you.”
Tony needed to do something to control the situation before Steve entered a total meltdown. “Chill, there’s nothing to panic about yet. It was probably just an earthquake.”
“Tony, what are you doing?” Steve sounded concerned, though Tony could see his husband was hard, cock straining against his jeans. Steve always had a thing for danger.
"Oooh, Tony!" The blonde moaned. Tony rubbed Steve's trembling thighs, hands staying dangerously close to his crotch, causing the soldier to twitch inside of his mouth. He started to take more of Steve's length into his mouth gradually, working his way towards adjusting to the size of him. He noticed the way his right hand was shaking violently, a sign that he was holding back from doing something he didn't want to regret. To Tony, it was cute that Steve was letting him go at his own pace, but Tony wasn't one to not let his partners enjoy themselves. He grabbed Steve's hand and placed it on top of his head, his hair being gripped softly as Steve looked down at him, eyes alert and showing concern. The genius looked up through glazed eyes, his other hand taking Steve's left in his own, giving a squeeze of confirmation before he bobbed his head up and down again.
His breath was caught in his throat as he saw the soldier lying there, in the middle of the room, curled in on himself. The good thing was that the soldier was asleep, but sleeping on the floor obviously wasn't the most comfortable thing to do. He was conflicted for a moment, deciding whether to just leave the sketchbook and art supplies for Steve to find in the morning, or helping the blonde onto his bed, or maybe even just leaving him there. No, leaving him there is a dick move, and even though Tony can be an asshole from time to time, he wasn't a dick. There is a difference, believe it or not.
His hand holds the doorknob that if he twists and pushes on the door, it will lead him to the outside world. But he stops for a second and listens to the set of boots that thud against the tiles, stopping just a few feet behind him.
Tony is an inventor, and without the use of his hands what can he possibly do? A genius's biggest tool besides their hand is their mind, and the hands they have are the extra tools they use to craft such amazing inventions and ideas. Without the use of his hands, what's the point in being a genius if one of your greatest tools is broken.
"Look before you kill me, can I at least plead for my life before you-"
He hasn't felt this low in so long, and it scared him. He remembers that creeping feeling up the back of his spine, those invisible fingers that tiptoed across each vertebra, each bone, every muscle in his back, spreading out to splay out onto his shoulders, traversing downwards to his arms, slithering towards his chest and stopping only when it hits his heart, squeezing it with all his might that it left him breathless. And it's only when he sits in his room after a long night of trying that the weight of what he's dealing with settles in drastically.
He watched in horror as Bruce hooked Steve up to several IVs, each needle finding its place in his arm, the heart monitor taunting him with every beep, the only thing confirming that he was alive. He didn't take his eyes off of the soldier, not even once. He didn't even move from the seat he once sat at when Natasha accompanied the stretcher Steve was laid on. He couldn't go anywhere when he didn't know the extremities of his injuries, and it sickened him. It sickened him how he sat here in this chair while his lover was fighting for his life, it sickened him he wasn't the one laying there, teetering between life and death.
"Well, that's certainly a mood killer," Bucky said. Steve shook his head and jogged forward, making his way towards the double steel doors.
They wasted no time getting back to their home, night setting in, moonlight shimmering through the crack of glass the windows let seep through inside the tower. It was a very good day, Steve would tell himself as he stood in the elevator with Tony, letting it carry them to their floors.
A memory of a loved one is always accompanied by the good memories and the painful ones of their death. Emotional scars exceed the visibly physical ones because it's always those who smile the most that are suffering the hardest. He knows this very well because he is one of them. He at least expected the pain to be there for maybe a split second or two, but instead, he felt nothing. He was just numb. Like he couldn't feel anything at all.
"I promise."
(See the end of the chapter for
When he woke up he first noticed the blinding white light above him, causing him to squint. He closed his eyes and reopened them, his eyes adjusting to the light, and noticed people surrounding him. "Why are you staring at me? Is there something on my face?" He joked.
Are you people liking the story? I do hope it does keep you interested, and I'll update the story here and there when I can, given that I want to keep you guys interested haha. Just tell me what you think, and I'll try to respond!
It's as he sits in his room do the dark thoughts of previous nights come back to him. He hates how he got so low, waiting each passing day for Tony to call him, and never once hearing the phone ring. He got so low, so down and so crazy of thinking that maybe Tony didn't need him at all, and he was only hurting himself by constantly waiting for the genius to call him and tell him that he needed him, that he was willing to pull the trigger and put a bullet into his brain.
Tony kissed him softly, and with need. He wanted to feel the soldier's lips against him one last time just in case either of them didn't come back. No, he shouldn't think like that, they were going to come back, and they were going to put an end to all of this. After they won, Tony was going to spend every passing day with Steve: taking him out on dates, watching movies with him, asking him to teach him how to cook, anything and everything he could think of.
He wrapped his lips around Steve again, his tongue sliding up and down the underside of his shaft as the brunette slowly bobbed his head up and down.
"Bye, Tony." The hologram miniaturized as the call ended, the genius letting out a small sigh, the tightness in his pants thankfully subsiding.
"Fine." He whispered back, letting his head rest against the cushion and he tried to enjoy watching the movie. However, there was an insatiable urge to at least satiate his curiosity, so he thought why not at least make conversation if the spy twins were going to ruin his super-soldier time. "Did you guys find anything interesting about the strange Hydra agents?"
"Oh, yea that's pretty normal here. Why do you ask? That doesn't... Make you uncomfortable, does it?" He asked his question carefully, in fear that he would find out that the guy raised in the 1940s, where their views on homosexuality were much more severe than today's modern views, had carried over with him and he would find it disturbing. As he looked upwards at his companion, he didn't find a disgusted face, instead, he found one full of confusion, his left eyebrow raised.
He smiled, a big, bright, yet sad smile as the tears blurred his vision. "I love you, too." He whispered. Steve smiled, and then let his hand rest at his side limply.
"Because I haven't stripped you naked ever since you came back?"
"Steve," he called the soldier's name softly, "I would never, and I mean it when I say I would never, take advantage of you like that."
of that fucking heart monitor.
During the end period of the final week, they were permitted to return to the compound; but not only just the three of them but all the other rogue Avengers as well. And what's also important that happened during the final week, is that Steve has come to accept himself.
"Breakfast in bed. I got up pretty early to make some food for you. Well, food for everybody, but mostly you." He walked over to the bed and placed the mug down on the nightstand near Tony, handing him the plate which the genius happily took.
There were no more words needed between the two as they held onto each other. The day carried on and everything was peaceful. Somewhere along the way, when the rays of the setting sun turned from an orangish hue to pure white of the rising moon, the two closed their eyes, bodies pressed gently together, smiles on their face as they slept. And while the rays of the rising sun slipped through the cracks of Steve's bedroom window, waking up both occupants, they continued to lay there, smiles on their face and just thankful that after all of the dangerous things they've gone through, they were finally back in each other's arms, and they couldn't be happier.
"Say that again when you can form a proper sentence without stuttering." He joked back, walking over to the other two. He pushed his best friend lightly in his shoulder, which earned him one in return followed by a short moment of laughter. And Steve was glad to have Bucky back even if he was a different person now- well, he was the same person he's always been, but mind control certainly does make you into a different person. Regardless, at least he had Bucky back.
"That's not my name, but I'm glad you liked the kiss." A hearty laugh erupted from his chest, transferring itself to Tony as he, too, laughed in response. "This isn't weird for you, is it? Considering..."
He scowled as he thought. He tried to occupy his mind on anything that wasn't Tony, but that was the only thing he could think of at the moment. It wasn't just on where said male could be, but it was happier thoughts too.
"Dad always compared me to you when I was a kid," he sighed, "it was always 'Captain America died so you could be here today. You're ungrateful. You could never live up to him.' Not to mention my old man was an abusive alcoholic as well. Always hit me and my mom, I remember every fist, belt, and whatever else he used to hit me." He felt a weight on his shoulder and he looked over to see an adorable sight. Steve had his head rested on Tony's shoulder, the blonde patch of hair on his head tickling his cheek a little bit, causing him to smile. He placed his arm over the other's shoulder, letting him relax and comforting him a bit. "I didn't want you to think I was spouting bullshit about my dad, considering the man we both know is different. I want you to keep the good memories you have, even if the only ones I have are full of nothing but trauma and unresolved daddy issues. My dad never really loved me growing up, the only sort of love I ever got was from my mom. Then she and dad passed away... And I never quite did find love again."
"Tony," he heard Clint call his name softly, the archer's sad eyes looking straight into his, "I know you don't want to hear this, or maybe you do want to hear it and it's hard to believe, but really I don't think Steve needs protection. I think he just needs you to be there for him." Tony couldn't stop the urge to roll his eyes, which in return, caused Clint to chuckle softly in response. "Told you weren't didn't wanna hear it."
"You should see yourself," Tony responded, gazing into Steve's eyes. The soldier leaned in and gave him a small peck on his lips, nothing more than that. "I hope me buying us Burger King is ok? I know it's nothing fancy but... I kinda just wanted something simple for tonight."
"Stop..." I whispered.
"I'm sorry to say that with his larynx being slightly damaged, we're not sure if he'll be able to talk. If he can, however, it won't be coherent sentences, rather, he'll be stuttering frequently. We do have therapy scheduled for him, but I'll let you decide on whether you would like it here or another area." She then moved the image behind another one, showing him the soldier's blue eyes, but he noticed that the right one seemed... Odd. "This was taken during the extra two hours you had to wait. As I said earlier, the glass seemed to have done more damage than just on his face. His cornea was scratched by some glass shards and created an abrasion. He has temporary blindness in his eye. He might be able to still see out of the eye, but it'll mostly be blobs and he'll have a difficult time trying to navigate his surroundings."
"I'll be ok Tony, I have Natasha and Clint to back me up. Besides, are you implying that I'm weak?" It was an attempt at humor to lighten the situation, and it worked. Tony smiled and chuckled lightly again.
do anything like that to you. I love you, Steve. I'm willing to start all over again and take this at
"My eyes are up here!" He snarked, breaking Tony out of his ogling of the other's body.
"What do you mean?"
It was unfair to him if he was brutally honest with himself. Everything he ever knew was lost in the history books, a bleak, fleeting moment of memories he can only recall, but never get back. It wasn't fair that he left everybody- no, it wasn't fair that everybody left him. This is where he realized the loneliness came from; it never originated from waking up in a brand new world, where everything was touched by time, technology so advanced he couldn't comprehend what the hell was going on. It originated from realizing that everybody he knew was
I... I always hated the feeling of being weak when I was myself; my
"I've had worse injuries in Budapest." Nat joked slightly.
"What exactly are you saying?"
"Cap? Cap, are you there?" The sound of metal groaning resonated around him. A shadow loomed over him, and as he looked up, his heart metaphorically sank into the pit of his stomach. The Quinjets left wing was broken off, fire and smoke emanating from the vehicle, its flight compromised. He watched in horror as the jet crashed into the side of a building, breaking not only glass and part of the building but part of the jet itself. He watched as the Quinjets right wing broke off, falling onto the street below. He watched the jet descend dangerously closer to the ground, bits flying off, getting lost somewhere in the building or the city, fire dancing, crackling, smoke wavering in the air as it finally touched the ground.
"I'm sorry, you know if I had a choice I would say no. I enjoy my time with you." Tony sighed and nodded his head, discarding the mug by placing it off to the side, letting himself relax a little bit in Steve's embrace.
"Stark?" He heard Natasha question. A smirk that she couldn't see plastered itself on his face.
"Why are you just standing there? Go get dressed."
"I love you, too, Steven." They stayed there for a few minutes, and after a while Steve got up from his chair, telling the genius that he was going to go get a doctor and see when he could be out of here. As Tony watched Steve walkout, he could see the small pep in his step, and for the first time since Steve decided he didn't want to leave Tony's room, he wore the biggest and brightest smile upon finally leaving the room.
"Yeah... So, that's why I also think these files were so encrypted because they weren't supposed to be found until
"Steve! Hang in there!" He shouted. He couldn't hold on, because death was already creeping closer to him, holding his hand and metaphorically whispering in his ear that it was his time once more. And he didn't fight it, he's lived a long life just like he told himself he did, as he chose by putting the Red Skull's plane, the Valkyrie, in the water.
"Quiet, J. Nothing matters anymore." He sighed to himself and took a swig from the whiskey bottle he got from his alcohol cabinet. He usually enjoyed the way the brown-colored liquid burned the back of his throat, the way it relaxed his body, the way it set his body so close to the edge between sober and drunk. How he relished in every moment he got drunk, but he hasn't felt this urge ever since Steve came into his life and they got to know each other. Yes, the super-soldier has been satiating his need for an alcoholic beverage by giving him the strength he needs to overcome this demon of his. But with how things are working against him now, well, it's not like Steve is going to be stopping him anytime soon.
Just then he heard the door to his room open, followed by the scent of food, or more precisely, the scent of freshly cooked bacon. He got a good whiff and he swears it made his stomach grumble and his salivary glands activate. He sat up and his eyebrows got lost somewhere in his hairline. Standing in front of him, after closing the door, was none other than Steve, a plate full of bacon, eggs, a stack of pancakes, and a mug in his other hand.
He felt like his word had shattered, fragments of everything in front of his eyes spilling onto the floor in front of him. His mind was racing as fast as he was, maybe even faster. He didn't care though, because there were more important matters to attend to. He wouldn't forgive himself if the soldier was killed, because Steve had practically trusted him with his life on an impulse that he would be able to get him away from Ross. It worked for a fleeting moment, and it seemed like everything was going to be ok, but he slipped up.
And it wasn't even the first time he did, it was every subsequent session after that. Each day after that one, the genius was nowhere to be found. The only time Steve ever found him was when he was in Shuri's lab, tinkering away, laughing with the other scientist, and it hurt. He started to cease going to therapy after the fourth time of Tony not showing up, four days without seeing the man he loves after every therapy session because the only reason he even started going or, rather, agreeing to go to these sessions, is because Tony said they'd do it
Yet the world works in mysterious ways and gives you the thing you want the most even if you least expect it, and he never thought that Tony would be the thing he wanted the most. He wants to take this time to tell the genius everything he's wanted to say in just three simple words, because by God does the brunette mean so much to him even after everything that has happened, good and bad. To him, love is not something to be taken granted for, and he will never understand the aspect of cheating. He himself is not a cheater, he is loyal to the person he loves and will always be loyal to them. Granted, he knows he's human and he makes mistakes, but he hopes that cheating will not be one of them, and if he does happen to do it then he hopes to be able to work things out and tell his side of the story. Love does not equal abuse, that is not love. One does not simply raise a hand, or a fist, or anything they can find to hurt, break, or damage their lover. Love is special; kind, compassionate, truthful and above all else breathtakingly beautiful.
"Of course you did."
"I've smiled other times."
"I love you so much, too. And," Tony trails off, brushing back Steve's block locks, "maybe after this is all over we can go on a date back in New York. Ya know, to make being a couple official and all. I'd like that if you would?"
"Tony, I do trust you." He spoke quietly. The soldier took it upon himself to lean upwards slightly, catching the genius off guard as his lips were captured by the blonde. He could feel Steve's smile widen as he kissed back, a gentle hand placed on his cheek before they broke away. "I know it's going to be hard adjusting to the way I'm acting, but we can get through this, right?"
"Of course, Capsicle," he chuckled as he watched the blonde roll his eyes, "but I will have you know I am a stubborn asshole. And I'm not good with this kind of stuff and generally speaking I was going to lock myself in the lab and drink myself until I passed out unconscious and-"
"Thanks."
"Yeah. I'm fine, thanks." He smiled at her, appreciating the fact she was here to help calm him down. His mind was all over the place, it was a whirlwind of emotions, each trying to scream at him to just reach out and figure out exactly what he was feeling. He felt mentally exhausted, and it must've shown when he looked into this girl's eyes and saw compassion.
"You have no idea..." Tony smirked at him.
"Anybody else with a less sarcastic answer?"
The genius smiled, kissing his forehead one more time before standing up slowly. He made his way out of the room, and he didn't realize it at first, but there was a small pep in his step, and his chest felt a tad bit lighter. It was as if there was no weight on the organ itself like some deep dark entity had dispersed from inside or around the organ, or in a more rational sense, the hard exterior cracked and revealed the beautiful sight on the inside. It's like a piece of candy; the shell on the outside is hard, covering the inside of the candy. Once you break through the hard exterior, you see this beautiful flow of orange hue, the Caramel on the inside that's so beautiful to see as it just cascades and compliments that exterior of the chocolate.
As the three split up and explored the interior, Tony was deep into his work, fingers flying across the keyboard, the rapid clicking on keys being pressed, eyes moving across every bit of code he entered, only to let out a sigh of frustration when he was denied access. It didn't stop him, however, he pushed forward, stopping occasionally to take a few calming breaths before his fingers tapped away at his keyboard again. The seconds turned into minutes, and the minutes rolled along as he worked his way through the firewall. He was about to let out a sigh of frustration again when finally, a green checkmark appeared before his eyes, and the words "ACCESS GRANTED" blinked on the screen.
It was a week full of babysitting robots and video chatting, all of which he wasn't really complaining about. Ok, maybe the robot sitting he would complain about considering having to deal with Dum-E and his siblings were taking away his time with the good, sexy Captain.
"Tony-"
"I did?"
Thick dark lines protruded from the Arc Reactor in a zigzag-like pattern, slowly creeping outwards from his chest to the rest of his body, and he remembers this feeling of death. The lines from when he had the palladium core signified death; in its own twisted form of dark ink creeping, inching, almost trying to choke the life out of his body, touching every area it could, from his chest, traversing and splaying outwards to his arms and down his legs, to the crook of his neck where he remembered the lines were most prominent.  He whimpered and started to hyperventilate, the pain growing as the lines kept ascending, going so far as to crawl up his neck, touch his cheek with an oddly cold feeling, and pooling around his eyes. He clawed at the reactor, trying to tear it out of his body, wanting the lines to go away, wanting the pain to stop. He screamed in agony as the lines started to burn, sending a rippling sensation of heat, comparable to an unsatiated inferno, coursing through his veins as it felt like it tried to devour him. He begged for it to stop, it was too much for him to take.
"What else is new." He gave a deep chuckle at her statement, and truthfully he couldn't blame her. There were many moments in his life that he fucked up on more than one occasion, but he still tried every day to make up for those moments without letting in too many people to see what was really going on with him.
the genius in his arms, kissing him softly and telling him constantly that it will be ok, but he knows he's the one creating this space between, and Tony's just trying to do what's right. He wants to just so badly keep Tony close and tell him how much he loves him, but it's the insecurities creeping up his spine that pull him back with its invisible arms, strapping him to his seat and preventing him from moving.
"I just... I just love you so much." He saw Steve's smile widen, a few teeth showing before he looked down out of embarrassment. He looked back up and placed a small peck on the brunette's lips and said,
"That's great! So, what's this mission really about?" Steve asked.
"Popcorn smells nice."
I was... I was small again. Like the serum never happened, and I was my normal self again. I felt my body shake violently, I tried to break free of the restraints on my wrists, but it just added to the pain that already existed by how raw and torn the skin in that area felt. I could feel how shallow my breathing was, it was as if I had asthma once again, I felt a weird bubbling sensation in my chest, and I wanted it to stop. I didn't want to feel how my body was riddled with ailments, how fragile my bones felt, how small and weak I felt, I wanted it to stop.
Without another word he stood up abruptly, making his way out of the living room area towards the elevator. He waited as patiently as he could before the elevator ringed and the doors opened. He stepped inside, pushing the button to his floor, and waited patiently again for the elevator to bring him to his designated floor.
"Of course. Anything you want and don't want me to do, just tell me and I'll listen. I promise." He watched the soldier nod in agreement, but his eyes weren't focused on him at all. They looked past him and directly up at the ceiling, the smile that was once prominent on his face was now gone, his lips formed in a straight line. A heavy sigh came out of his nose and he sat up, his back facing Tony. "Did I say something wrong? I'm sorry if I did."
"Fine." He simply said. Tony nodded in return.
"Why what?" He responded without turning back around to face him.
"Oh... Hey, Cap." Tony said awkwardly. Why was he here? Why was he awake at this time? No, that was a stupid thing to question, but he shouldn't be here, he should still be in his lab. "Uh... Sorry, I'll just go." He opened his mouth to try and say something, anything to get the genius to stay, which in return caused Tony to stop and wait for him to speak, but nothing came out. He watched a hurtful expression across Tony's face, making its way to his eyes. He walked towards Steve to get past him, and he had tears in his eyes as he heard the small whimper and saw the small flinch when he came within proximity to the soldier.
His father might end up a fucking deadbeat asshole obsessed with a figure from his past — oh, dear god, was Steve that much like Howard? Did he really marry his father? — but his
And he was
," Steve murmured, but Tony smiled a little plaintively at Rhodey and nodded, and Rhodey nodded back and gave his shoulders a little squeeze then said, "Wow, that is— I'm still not used to this being your—"
Barnes followed her out of the lab, and Bruce smiled sheepishly at him and said, "You sure you don't need me to stay here with you?"
"What about her mother? Is she… Is she not around?"
"It's not that," Bruce said in that somewhat nebbish way that he had about him. "Then what?"
"Yeah," Barnes said as he returned with what looked like the comforter from Tony and Steve's bed, "he was superstitious like that. Think he got it from his ma."
Pepper glanced down at his belly. "Jim told me how attached you got to her."
"So? There you go. They
him. That doesn't mean they found him
true, he would know anything about that. I mean, since when does Barton know anything about pregnancy? Are you telling me he reads up on this shit in his spare time? I mean, that's got to be it, right? It's not from experience. There's no possible way any woman would let that asshole within ten feet of her
Steve looked at Tony for explanation as to what that meant, but Tony shrugged, not understanding what it meant himself.
But Bruce just frowned at Steve and said, "It could. Depending on how the placenta has attached—"
they were all stuffing their faces with food? "But Odinson,
But Tony shook his head. "No, let me — I have a purpose and a mission with Iron Man and with the Avengers. Maybe I feel like I'm still trying to atone for forty years of sins. I don't know, but I — It's not just us anymore. It's not just you and me, and—"
He frowned. "Why? I actually think it's a pretty good sentiment."
"Yeah, well, doesn't really matter now. It's all in the past. I'm not really upset about it. It's just… It's something I would have been upset about then — maybe I
Tony turned to look at Larry and Curly and said, "I hope you two are proud of yourselves. People look at you now, they immediately think about having to get a babysitter for you."
around here?"
So, he didn't let himself think about it, and instead he debased himself to doing as he knew he'd have to do (even if he gave Steve the credit for it) and disguising his appearance to throw the dogs off the scent. Natasha let Tony borrow a long, blonde wig she had on hand, and for what he promised himself would be the one and only time in his life, he even dressed himself in an ensemble that
The next morning, Steve worked those bashful, crystalline-blue irises, and Tony, in too much of a good mood from the things Steve had done to him the night before, found himself calling up an obstetrician for the first — and what he hoped would be
"Yeah," she said with a nod as she settled down onto the bed, legs straight out ahead of her as she leaned back on arms braced to hold her upright, "he's an old man. Right, Papa?"
The sudden tension dissipated, and Steve crouched down and gazed up at him, putting his hands atop Tony's arms.
to be as attractive as he is, not if he's going to act like such a jerk— What?"
Tony nodded and went to say something, but the thought flew out of his mind when one particular name on that list finally caught his attention.
"You kidding, babe?" Tony said and pulled off his own sunglasses and handed them to Steve to stick in one of his free pockets. "Thousands of dollars a plate to see and be seen and maybe even get to meet an Avenger? Chicken feed to a lot of these vultures. Come on." He motioned to one end of the room. "I think I see Nat and Bruce over yonder."
"It's also the way you're carrying."
He just gazed over her earnest and open face. "You really do hang on my every word, don't you?"
mouth."
"That's the problem, Icarus—"
He folded his arms but remained straddled over Steve's waist. "Yeah,
," he said, stumbling over the word.
"You know what I mean."
But this just set confusion over Tony's visage, and he frowned and said, "Wait, you're flirting with me. I've been under the impression since, oh, Stuttgart that you didn't know shit about flirting. Were you lying— Have you been lying to me this whole time?"
" Rhodey asked in surprise, and then JARVIS intoned, "
"Of course he doesn't," Steve countered. "He saw it firsthand."
"Are you kidding?" Rhodey said just as Natasha stepped back and said, "He will. Trust me."
"Boring? It was— Do people really find that
He held Tony's gaze for a moment, brown and blue interlocking like they had so many times in the past, and for that moment, Steve was able to forget that the past several years had ever happened. He was able to forget the mistakes and the tears shed on both sides and the constant pain of 'what if' and imagine it was that night all those years ago when they'd gone to the Stark Foundation gala — the night he'd determined it was in both their interests to say 'goodbye.' For that moment, he was able to imagine that he'd caught himself in time, that he'd stopped himself, that he hadn't spent an evening romancing his sort-of fiancé before casting him to the wind. It was just him and Tony, just they two, together against the world like they'd always talked about.
He closed his eyes and exhaled a breath. "I can't believe I'm going to do this," he murmured and shifted his hand to the right to grasp hold of one of the bottles of breast milk. He tried to tell himself that he drank cow's milk and didn't find that in any way weird, and this, at least, was something produced by his own species—
wanted?"
He shook his head. "I'm not sleeping up there. Pepper sure as fuck isn't. Someone might as well use it."
Barnes sucked in a breath through his nose and flexed his fingers around the gun but still couldn't bring himself to squeeze the trigger.
"OK, well, this was fun. Glad we spent this time together. Babe? If you could get my clothes for me, that would be fantastic."
"No, that wasn't it."
He took a quick glance back at the picture on the bureau, looked down at the gold band on his finger, then took a breath and stepped out into the hall.
He didn't let himself take it anywhere beyond that. He wasn't sure it was a path he wanted to travel.
"She talks a lot. After I got her calmed down after you all but bit her head off—"
God, she was fucking perfect for Steve. What the hell was he doing with
—and loved, he knew beyond a shadow of a doubt, smiling as he turned to see Tony coming back into the living room with two flutes filled to the brim. Tony took a sip of his as he held the other out to Steve, and Steve took it from him but then set it down immediately on the table and reached for Tony's as well.
, I guess. When you put it that way. Basically, I was going to say don't cross paths with screwy goddesses— Yes, I
"Yeah."
Steve's father. Without a doubt.
Tony just thinned his lips but didn't say anything, and Bruce pulled his attention away from the game and said, "Where's Steve?"
"Wanna bet?"
"Oh, babe," he murmured. "You might be old, but you're
"You like it, don't you? Watching me nurse her."
"You're not going to die," Natasha said, automatically, like she hadn't even considered the context of his sentence.
"What do you want me to say?" he asked and continued to wait for the doors to open. Damn it, what the hell was JARVIS waiting for? He scowled at his temperamental AI and turned back to Bruce and Rhodey. "Look, she was cute, and yeah, it's kind of…nice having someone that thinks you're the best thing since sliced bread, but we all knew this was nothing more than what it was. It wasn't permanent. It was never going to last. I knew that. You knew that. We all knew that." He turned back to the elevator and jammed his finger against the button several times.
"Yeah," Barton said, appearing from somewhere with a couple of overnight bags. "That's not happening." He handed one off to Wilson, who took it and nodded at Thor to follow them over to the elevator.
"She talks about her daddy a lot, though."
"If it involves making out with the princess, I'm out."
Tony had shifted his gaze away from Steve as he talked, like he was unable to look at Steve while he listened to those words come out of his mouth, but his final words gave him pause, and suddenly Tony was looking at him, concern and confusion lining those tear-filled brown irises.
," he said, stumbling over such a simple word. "It looks fine."
Bruce sighed but said nothing.
The most annoying sound in the world pulled him from his memories, and he sat at attention and shook his head, and he looked down at his phone to see the alarm he'd set for himself. Shit. Good thing he'd set it. He'd hate to be late for work at the museum. Again.
sanctimonious egotists without imploding in on itself.
"That's a lot to live up to," she replied knowingly.
"Because what I
"Don't say that."
Tony hummed and snuggled a little closer to Steve. "What's that corny-ass thing you told me back when this whole thing started? Oh, right! Together."
Steve could do nothing but blink at him, completely confused by the last bit of his sentence, and Tony, evidently sensing he'd again gone over Steve's head, just waved off his concern.
"And you're the arbiter of all that is 'hip' and 'modern'?"
"Huh?"
He couldn't say for certain
?" he asked, hoping his voice didn't belie his recent indiscretion.
me not to call him that in the bedroom. Something about 'crossing the streams,' I think. I don't know. Afraid he'll get all worked up in the field, or something, if I call him 'Cap' while he's fucking me into the mattress."
"How?"
They squared off against each other, gazes locked, postures rigid and ready to pounce, until Steve shook his head some and broke the contact, and without a word, he stormed off to the door and let himself out.
"Don't
But Steve just stared at Tony, warily, and the specter of this all being a Hydra plot resurfaced once again in his mind. Had he been stupidly lulled in to a false sense of security? Had he been so desperate to believe this was all on the level — that Tony was on the level — that he'd willingly turned a blind eye to what were glaring inconsistencies?
"Oh, 'Roger Stevens,' I see." She flashed Steve a knowing smile then turned back to the tablet. She laughed a little and said, "Well, I guess that's a fitting birth date, and— oh! Team…captain."
He frowned as he thought about the fact that Steve would never suck his cock again. Steve didn't really bottom, but he was very enthusiastic about sucking brain, and Tony had always loved the way Steve would suck him and tease him and play with him, somehow knowing exactly how to drive Tony mad with lust and pleasure. Yeah, sure, Steve approached eating him out with the same enthusiasm as he did sucking him off, and Steve was fucking
Barnes seemed to understand Tony was laughing at him, as he heard him say a confused, "What?" But Tony just kept on laughing. It was so absurd. He looked so…so
on poor, unsuspecting maternity cases."
Once the films were done, Tony said it was time for dinner, and so they went upstairs to get showered and changed. Steve dressed in a pair of black trousers and a dark blue dress shirt while Tony went for a dark gray suit with a red tie, and Steve would be lying to himself if he didn't admit some very tawdry thoughts came to mind regarding Tony and that tie. Steve pulled a lighter gray sweater over his head and combed his hair while Tony laced up a pair of shoes, and when Tony brushed past him to grab a comb off the dresser, he realized that, well—
at him? Pinnacle of human perfection. Of course I've checked him out. Come on, tulip. Just us guys here. Admit it. You've checked him out, too."
"Tony, it's a bra," she said. "Trust me, they're trickier than you think."
No one except JARVIS had to know the thought of doing this without Steve by his side was absolutely terrifying. And not that Steve could 'save' him or take away the pain, but Steve was a solid, grounding presence, and stupid and weak as it might have sounded, but it made him feel a little bit better about this whole thing. If Steve was there nothing bad could happen to him because Steve wouldn't left anything bad happen to him —
,” Steve growled again then slid his hands around to Stark’s front and undid the button on the front of his ridiculously tight jeans. Stark’s interest in their current endeavor was patently obvious, Steve realized as he pressed the heel of his palm against the bulge in Stark’s pants. Stark hissed out a breath and squeezed his eyes shut, and Steve grinned and said, “Don’t even pretend you don’t like this, you little slut. You like being manhandled. Like being held down. Like being forced to take it.”
Tony snorted a laugh and muttered, "Tell me about it."
"Yeah," Tony said, sitting back a little and folding his arms, resting them on the swell of his belly, "I'm not really one to accuse total strangers of lying to my face, but clearly, you're lying to me."
"Do you? Or are you just saying that because you think you're supposed to say it?"
way of picking out a kid's name. What if I get something like 'Mildred' or 'Edna'? Would you want to saddle our child with either of those names for the rest of their life? What kind of a cruel father are you?"
"Tony, he was brainwashed," she said, her voice soothing and even. "You can't hold that against him—"
"Because I swear to god I can see you sweating."
She wrinkled her nose. "Yeah, but all the cheese is gone."
Steve let his hand rest atop Olivia's head, and she went back to gumming her hand again. "I just don't think she's going to want to."
Tony pulled the glass away from his lips. "I'm sensing a '
Before Tony could say anything, Steve got up from the bed, and he went around to the other side to get better leverage, and he reached down and scooped him up into his arms.
"Yeah, huh," he said and inspected her more fully, making sure this was
"What?"
Barton shrugged. "Told you. You've got tells. None of them are pinging 'boy.' If it would make you feel better, we can do the Drano test or the wedding ring test."
— fill me up even more, make me take all of it, and you'd do it again and again, fill me up and plug me up until you were ready to—
He sat back, blinking, unable to fully process what he'd just been told. Tony… This man was Howard's
"Oh, you mean there was a time you weren't a complete and total slob?"
condition?"
More like he was a hair-splitting pain-in-the-ass, but what did Tony know?
Tony just shook his head as he stepped more fully into the kitchen, Olivia nestled into the carrier that had been bought for them by either Wilson or Barnes. According to Natasha, both were laying claim to it because Barnes had been the one to point it out but Wilson had been the one to fork over the cash and neither one was backing down from the assertion that
He glanced over at her. "Probably when it's Christmas."
, how could I have been so
Which was…well, that didn't meant it had been
"August twenty-eight, twenty-fourteen," she replied like she was extremely proud of the fact.
Steve smiled a little, like Tony had caught him, and he ducked his head and blew out another breath and said, "
"I'm going on a date—"
Steve looked at Tony, and Tony cringed and said, "Yeah, I, uh, might be preg— ugh,
He laughed. "I don't know. I didn't listen to that shit. Steve did. I barely passed that class, which is stupid, when you think about it. I mean, what would they do if you didn't pass? Not let you become parents? Take the kid off you as soon as it's born?"
Olivia just lay there in her four-in-one highchair that was still at the 'one' stage, sucking on the pacifier as she closed her eyes and seemingly drifted off into sleep.
"Don't care," Steve said as he turned the light on, and Tony squinted at the bright assault of light — which wasn't all that bright, but compared to what he'd been accustomed to in the kitchen, it sure was.
conclusion, from what he understood.
He unfolded his arms and jammed his finger against the button again, and Rhodey said, "You looked like you were ready to give him the world, Tones. He told you to teach him how to dance. If he had said right then and there, you would have dropped everything and done it for him."
"Th' only r'spons'ble one you say is Unca Sam 'cuz he's the best at being m'ture. You say all th' others are like the loony ticks that ran away from the 'sylum."
Steve laughed, finding Tony's way of passing off catching up on old friends as casual small-talk amusing and maybe even a little easier than it would have been had they'd played it straight. "Yeah," he said, "that didn't work out so well for him. He also fell in love with…Bobbi? No, wait, Laura. Laura, yeah. Didn't work out with Bobbi."
But he didn't want to tell Tony what he'd been discussing with Thor earlier — he didn't want to put that thought in Tony's mind. It didn't matter that some nutcase from space that liked to call herself a 'goddess' insisted that he and Tony were 'soul mates' or 'bond mates' or whatever the hell she'd called them. There was, to be honest, a sizeable age difference between them. Either Tony was fifteen years older than Steve or Steve was fifty-two years older than Tony (Steve himself was a fan of the latter interpretation). Both he and Tony had their hang-ups with that — Tony insisting that he was older than Steve and he was the cradle-robber in the relationship. Discussing with Tony what he deep down probably already knew was not the sort of thing he wanted to do on Christmas Eve of all days. Not ever, to be perfectly honest, but especially not on Christmas Eve—
"You sure about that?" one of the audience members asked. "Seems kind of freaky to me. I mean — if you are telling the truth here — you go from being a man to a pregnant woman. I know if it were me, I'd be freaked to hell."
Part of him bristled at the implications of that — Steve didn't
"Are you OK?" Steve asked, and there was a tinge of concern in his voice.
. He always seemed more like the type to—"
future. Alternate universe. Had to be an alternate universe.
Tony snorted in derision as he glanced at some of the papers Steve had spread over the coffee table — lecture notes for his class — and he just said, "You keep telling yourself that, babe," with all the humor and levity in his voice that Steve knew he didn't deserve.
Steve snorted a laugh. "What, do you think I go around chastising people about their language?"
Sam looked like he was fighting hard to keep from laughing, and he radioed Bucky, "Language police are on the patrol. I repeat: Language police are on the patrol."
Tony turned to Bruce and Rhodey, who were both busy stuffing their faces with pizza. "I must have been drunk off my ass when I agreed to marry that tool."
He rolled his eyes. "Steve had to be restrained from strangling her, and once he found out the truth of how this whole thing works, he went all…
He thought about this a moment then shook his head. "No," he said, "this is— I don't want to outlive my family. I don't want to stay like this forever. I want to grow old with Tony."
Rhodey just laughed as he sat at the island and watched Tony mix the pieces of cut up hot dog into the macaroni and cheese mixture Olivia had requested for dinner that evening.
She pointed in the general direction of where she'd come from. "The man! The bad man! He said he was g'nna hurt you."
Steve didn't know what to say to that, so he just kept his mouth shut and waited for Tony to finish what he was doing, and he totally did
You couldn't
"Yeah."
Tony scrunched his mouth as sleep left him and sensation — achy, stiff sensation — came back to him. He squeezed his eyes more tightly shut as the makings of daylight shined through his closed lids, feeling a small presence at his left side and hot breath by his ear.
"I know you can," Steve said over him, keeping him from finishing his thought. "I know you can. But like I was saying, I only want you to be happy. You being safe and protected makes
," she corrected, not even bothering to hide her annoyance at him for cutting off her rant again, "doesn't seem the least bit concerned by your mysterious disappearance. He's been spotted on dates with some woman—"
And yet, he was going to be a dad, and there was a part of him that didn't care about the logistics and the logic — didn't care about the rational side of him that did nothing but work to strip away his fun. He didn't care because he was going to be a dad. He was going to have a baby — all right, Tony was the one that actually did all the work — to mold and shape and watch as he grew into adulthood. He'd wanted a son. He'd just assumed a son would be easier to raise (Clint, weirdly enough, had said something rather similar that sounded...kind of like he was speaking from experience), though he'd be lying if he said that was the only reason. He still remembered that Christmas he'd spent in the future — what he now accepted was his future — but he thought it was too good to be true that that was his future. That he would get that. It didn't matter how many things had matched up. It didn't matter that he'd gotten Tony. He just couldn't let himself believe that the life he led now and the one he'd visited a long time ago were one in the same.
"No," Olivia said with a grumble. "
He was just…human.
. She thought it was because—"
no Natasha Carbonell. That was a name I made up when we were trying to keep this, as someone of my husband's generation might say, on the Q.T."
"Sorry," Barnes muttered, and for the next several minutes, Tony worked in almost complete silence, his own tinkering and DUM-E's light whirring as he moved the magnifying glass into better positions for Tony being the only thing cutting into the void. He was used to having music play, but he figured his usual hard rock choices would be a bad idea with Barnes in the vicinity. Steve just didn't really care for the stuff, but Barnes was liable to have a bad flashback from the shit.
"Hopefully, everything you could possibly want," Tony replied, and Steve went to say he had everything he'd ever wanted right there in his arms, but he decided not to be that corny and instead smiled and dropped his hands from Tony's shoulders.
Tony tilted his head in amusement at her, and the little super soldier spawn inside of him began to flutter a bit.
"I know," he murmured and closed his eyes, bracing his hands on Steve's shoulders for balance. "Fuck, that feels good."
shitty thing for you to do, and still think I need to check the statutes to see if there's
He pulled out most of the way, allowing Tony to mouth the tip and swirl his tongue over it, dipping the tip of his tongue into the slit, and Steve stroked his hair some more then tipped his head back slightly and said, "Take a deep breath."
"Oh, my god, if you give me the it's-not-you-it's-me, I'm going to repulsor your ass into the next zip code."
"We're human beings. I think we should be afforded some amount of privacy even when we go out to a burger joint."
And then, before Tony could even take a breath, Steve's mouth was on his, and Steve's hands were on his body — all over his body. He squeaked a little in the kiss as Steve's hands went greedily from his breasts down to his belly and then to his ass, groping him, like he was trying to feel everything that he could before Tony got wise to him and threw him off. And then Steve's hands were on the underside of his thighs and trying to hoist him up to rest on his hips, and Tony put his hands on Steve's shoulders and pushed back, breaking the kiss in the process. He went to explain himself for his behavior — he just…honestly hadn't been feeling it for some time — but Steve, his lips reddened and glistening with saliva, his eyes hooded, just burned his crystalline blue gaze into Tony's and growled, "
"How do you mean?"
"Couple minutes.
He’d meant it to be blasé, but Steve just smiled at him fondly, affectionately, and said, “Yeah, you are.”
it. He was downright stating it as fact.
"So, the group — and they didn't know Steve and I were kind of
"I know it seems like that, it's just… We care about you. We're concerned about you. I'm not trained for this sort of thing. Sure, I could bullshit my way through it, but I'm not trained for it, and I don't think Steve wants someone that's just going to bullshit their way through taking care of you. Not for something like this. Not for something that's
"Not particularly," he said with a shrug and swiped at a few more screens. "Cap's good with kids. When's he supposed to be getting back?"
"Are you happy now, Papa?" she asked with that sort of innocence only a child could get away with.
Tony snorted a laugh. "That's what every parent says, and they're full of shit. Deep down, you want one more than the other."
Steve shrugged, attempting to play it off but Tony saw the glint of deviousness in his blue-green irises.
"Is that a child?"
"Yeah, it's my turn," Bucky said, but Sam shot him a look and said, "Uh, has the timer gone off yet?"
Steve stared at him a moment longer, her eyes skirting all over Tony's face like he desperately wanted to believe but was terrified to let himself think it could in any way be true, and he swallowed and said in an even tone, "Could be a coincidence."
So, instead, he said, "What makes you think I'd even
He shrugged. "I don't know. I'm out of my depth here, which is why I think Tony should go to an actual  medical doctor—"
Tony folded his arms and stared him down. "What are you doing?"
"Look, I'm not saying you absolutely
Steve just grinned and said, "You'll see," then said to the rest of the table, "We'll be right back."
"Fuck, I hate you," Tony breathed, but Steve could feel the tension emanating from him, and not the 'bad' kind of tension— well, it was 'bad' in the sense that it was liable to get a fella thrown out of the service for it.
Steve did not hesitate in the least in pulling him onto the elevator and hitting the button for their floor.
baby mama."
Figuring his bladder would hold out for the time being, he went over and put his hand to the doorknob, and he stood there a moment, flashes of a memory coming back to him — a feisty little spitfire indignant that her room was gone. He took a breath and pushed in, finding himself greeted with nothing but shadows and empty space. Once upon a time, Pepper had plans on using it for an office. Then Tony half-considered converting it to an office until he realized he was better served using his workshop for that. As of late, there had been talk of Steve using it as a studio — he wanted to get back to sketching and maybe even a little painting — but he wasn't entirely satisfied with the light for it. His old bedroom downstairs, he'd said, had better light, and he was still trying to convince himself that having that space for himself wouldn't be a waste of money, time, or resources.
Steve and his old pal stood maybe ten feet apart, facing each other, Barnes looking like he hadn't slept in forever, haunted, and maybe even a little out of it. Steve had deposed himself of his helmet, and he was doing his best to talk to Barnes in a calm, rational way, urging him to remember, downright begging him. Barnes wasn't buying it, staring back at Steve with a blank face and eyes that looked like maybe, just maybe somewhere in the back of his mind he remembered…something, and JARVIS read something out to Tony about heat and oxygen levels and smoke and shit, and Tony said to Steve over the comm, "Honey, you've got thirty seconds before I'm hauling your ass out of here."
He took Steve's hand and made to lead him back to the stairs, and Steve started to follow until the slightly ajar door across the hall caught his eye. He stopped, forcing Tony to stop as well, and somehow, Tony seemed to know exactly what he was thinking.
anything, right?
"Uh…J, what's the Cap's birthdate again?"
"Why does Jarbus sound like Vision?" she asked and looked at him. Again, with that 'Vision.' Maybe Tony was right. Maybe she was from another dimension.
"Deliver the kid."
Tony got up and moved over to another worktable. "Before? When I asked if you wanted to join me in the shower, and you looked like you'd rather go up against an entire Hydra battalion by yourself?"
Tony stepped into the small coffee shop, the bell attached to the door jingling above. The lighting was dim, but he left his sunglasses on and looked around the quiet and mostly-empty establishment for someone that looked like he was there to sell something.
"You know, you'd think offering aid and assistance to the city would be enough for you people," he muttered as he watched a few commentators discuss what the banner at the bottom said was 'Lights Out: Why Aren't the Avengers Doing More?'
"You look like Steve — like
Tony looked over the chic white eyelet wrap dress with the flouncy sleeves and the sheer but solid lining underneath. He arched an eyebrow at her and said, "White, really?"
"Yeah, time to go back."
He still hadn't really moved, and Tony wondered what he was doing until he felt the index and pointer fingers of Steve's left hand pushing at his mouth.
" Bruce this time. "
"How…different you are but at the same time how…very much the same you are." She examined his hand, turning it over in her grasp. "I can still see you in this new…body…of yours." She looked up and met his gaze. "I can still see it in your face. I'm so sorry, Tony."
Tony watched as he turned the ring over in his hand, almost like he was inspecting it or looking for something, and Steve said, "We should get these engraved."
"Not trying to be," Tracy replied, but she was smiling a little as she did so.
"All right. Uncle Bruce is getting your soda. Now spill."
Part of him thought that they should be more concerned with, well, some random magical being turning Tony into a woman and then disappearing, but there was another louder and lazier part of him that told him not to worry about it. It probably wouldn't last too long, and even if it did, it wasn't like it was hurting Tony in any way. Sure, the novelty would wear off after a while, and Tony would be desperate to get back into his own body, but it wasn't making him sick, and it wasn't killing him, and, so far as he was aware, he hadn't been marked as a virgin sacrifice or mate for some Lovecraftian Great Old One, so if Tony had to remain in a woman's body for a while, then so be it. It wasn't the end of the world. It was just...inconvenient, he decided as he finally left the now-darkened workshop and made his way over to the elevator where Tony stood waiting for him, hands on his hips and unimpressed look on his face like Steve was taking too much time and delaying his fun.
"A dresser drawer is perfectly adequate until we can get a crib or a bassinette," Steve countered like he was some kind of authority on the matter.
She shrugged some herself. "No reason. Just… I thought Steve would want to have one picked out just in case. He's much more cautious about those sorts of things than you are."
"I really wish you guys wouldn't talk like that over the radios."
"You know, if I'm your ex-boss, you can probably call me by my actual name."
"The hell it is! You're like a…giant ball of righteous fury with killer abs and an adorable smile that looks like a Greek statue come to life but acts like some cantankerous old man because they stopped selling your Postum."
that could in the very least put the slightest amount of pressure on my bladder. Yeah, sorry. Didn't mean to ruin the mystery for you."
Steve
"Tony?" Steve asked, still frowning at him. "Are you OK? How do you feel?"
Tony wished he'd been drinking something at that precise moment. It was ripe for a spit-take.
Other Tony shrugged. "Honestly, I just know Gramps had them. Where he got them from, I don't know. I wasn't there. They've always existed as long as I've been alive. Mom doesn't know exactly how Gramps got them, either, but she always remembers them being there, too."
Steve pulled the one of him and Barnes to the forefront, and he flipped it over to look at what was on the back. He startled a bit before he smiled, a little fondly and a little sadly.
"I want to be yours, Steve," he said, his voice wrecked and needy and just a shade breathless. "I want to be yours."
"Mmm… That's right, you haven't. Well—" He lifted his hips and slid his sleep pants down. "First time for everything, Captain."
lives here with us.
"Sure," she said and nodded in Tony's direction. "File under her real name."
"Yeah," Sam said, "nicest guy in the world. I mean, he's Captain America. But man, does that guy have a temper sometimes."
"I've, uh, kind of been undergoing gender-reassignment surgery the past couple years. Haven't quite finished yet. In fact, still got my cock." He then pushed as close as he could to the guy and breathed up against his ear, purring the words, "
"OK, now I know something is
Tony didn't really want to deal with the horror that must have fed through Steve's veins as he worked to figure out what was real and what was imagined after he'd woken up, and so he went for the obvious joke.
"Quite a ways away."
gotten into his fucking penthouse. He really was going to have to talk to the guy that set up the building's security. Tony-something, he thought his name was. Fuck, Happy was going to have a bird when he found out.
Steve paled more than usual. "Funny how? What's wrong?"
be right, you know."
The screen flickered off, and Tony snorted a laugh and said, "You really hate that movie, don't you?"
am throwing ideas out and you're shooting them down."
Steve rolling his eyes at that.
"Yeah, Tones," he murmured in return, his tone colored with fondness. "I do."
Forty years. They had, at the least, forty years left together. He did a quick calculation in his head, figuring that they had until at least Tony was eighty five and he was...well, twenty-five in appearance but well over a hundred and thirty in reality."
hummed a little at the contact and pressed Steve's hand harder into his abdomen, the satiating feel of possessiveness thrumming through his veins and doing something to him he couldn't explain. God, he loved this man. He drove him crazy sometimes, but he loved him so, so much. He trusted him. He trusted that if he ever fell, Steve would be there to catch him. He trusted him to make this whole crazy thing bearable for him. Granted, if Space Crazy was to be believed, he wouldn't even
ready to—"
"Yeah," Tony said and settled into the bed, snuggling up to Steve. "It's a thing. It's like a prenup, but something you sign
"Don't worry about it, babe. I'm not judging you.
Tony raised an eyebrow. "I can't tell if you're being sarcastic or serious."
"Really?"
Still, this gave Esmeralda pause as she stood there a moment and thought about what Steve had said, and she tapped her chin a moment then said, "Possibly."
are. And as I'm sure you're aware, Tony's not a woman."
"You OK?"
to do. Do it because you want it, not because you think you're supposed to."
Steve gave a little nod of understanding. "When I accidentally called you. There was a…little voice chirping in the background. You said it was the TV."
He blinked, tears that had collected in his eyes wetting his lashes, and congratulated himself for having the foresight to wear a pair of dark, over-sized sunglasses. Christ, he was an emotional mess sometimes.
"No, it wouldn't be."
. No, I don't think you do. I don't think you understand. I don't think you fucking
"You should go drink some orange juice."
"Humph," Tony muttered and made the last cut into the dough. "OK, maybe not complete. Look, once I get these cookies onto the sheet, sprinkle some of that sugar on them and stick them in the oven."
It was wrong.
"We're a family — an honest-to-God family, and I— I know I have responsibilities now. I know I—" He tipped his head forward and smiled, the tips of his ears tingeing pink in the dim light of the room. "I
Natasha just nodded her head back at him. "Why don't you ask him yourself?"
Oh, no, never mind. It's just the Art Garfunkel of superheroes."
Steve just nodded, unsure what he could even say to that, and Thor tweaked a sad smile at him.
us. It's how we bond with you. We make fun of each other." He motioned to Bruce. "Dirty hippy." He motioned to Steve. "Old man." He motioned to Tony. "Spoiled, whiny brat."
It could have been that the witch was exaggerating or downright lying to get her way, but the witch had also been privy to information that she could not possibly have known. It was quite possible that she was telling the truth — that this was the only way that King Anthony could ever produce an heir. It was also possible that the witch's powers were not as vast and as great as she herself thought. There may have been jokes when the King was young, but there could be no doubt that the King was as much a man as any of they were, and history — and God — had proven that men just did not conceive.
"Wait, you're going to be 'Tony Rogers' and he's going to be 'Steve Stark'?" Rhodey asked, and Tony groaned and rolled his eyes.
didn't want to travel down, he quickly changed the subject and said, "Is it me or was he douchier than usual tonight?"
Steve took one of those firm and knowing inhales of breath. "You're saying it could be sabotage."
in that uniform.
He'd blamed Howard. For so long, deep down, he'd blamed Howard for killing his mother. For not watching where he was going. For maybe having a bit too much eggnog before he got behind the wheel. For being a dumbass and swerving to avoid something and not seeing the giant, fucking tree in the way. He'd blamed him. He'd blamed him for taking his mother away from him.
Steve rolled his eyes and went back to the book. "You just don't want him to be right."
"I assure you it was all in good fun," Thor said with a knowing smile, as though he thought Steve was going to take umbrage at something he'd said.
"Well, look, I don't think they'll be accusing you of dismembering me and stuffing me in a freezer just so you can go out on the town with a gorgeous mystery brunette."
"You're actually
"It kind of
"JARVIS?" Barnes asked, confusion tingeing his voice.
Steve sighed a little and rolled his eyes. There were times, especially when it came to his relationship with Tony, that he felt his friends more humored him than actually sympathized with him.
He made a face at her but said, "No, think about it. If it was just, oh, yeah, hi, I'm Tony Stark, and I'm a woman. One thing entirely. There's not one goddamned thing I can do as a man that I can't do as a woman. But this—" he motioned to his abdomen, "—complicates matters. Not because, oh, gross, Tony Stark's a man and he got knocked up — which is
But she just nodded resolutely and then leaned forward onto the tabletop again. "Yeah. He's a sup'rhero. He's being a sup'rhero with Anna Tasha and Unca Sam and Wanda."
"No, it's fine. I just hope the thoughts running through your head aren't 'How did I get stuck with this mess?'"
"Your name isn't actually—"
After a little bit of meandering, he found the bathrooms, heading for the women's room without batting an eyelash. He didn't even realize he'd gone straight into the women's room until he looked around and noticed a distinct lack of urinals.
He didn't want to die, and especially not without Steve there, not without saying 'goodbye.' But he didn't want to die — not under these circumstances. He wanted to live. He wanted to see his child — after everything he'd gone through the last nine-and-a-half months, it was the absolute least he figured he deserved — and he wanted to cradle his child and hold his child and shelter his child from everything awful in the world. And there was a lot — dear god, was there a lot! He knew he couldn't protect him from everything, but he wanted to live — he needed to live — to be for his child what his father never was for him, to be for his child what his mother (holy hell, if only she could see him now!) had been for him and more.
Steve looked up at him, meeting his eye, his gaze concerned. "Is it bad? Does it hurt?"
"Cute," Steve muttered but still picked up the sheet of decorated cookies and went over to the oven.
He stepped onto the elevator when it opened its doors, and Steve hit the button for the floor they were staying on.
"Yeah. Pepper used to do it, but then I kind of made her my CEO, so she stopped doing it—"
Steve glanced up and, through a mouthful of food, said, "I'm sorry you have to squat to pee."
Natasha leveled a pointed look at him, though he only caught it out of his peripheral vision. "I told you to stay up here."
. But then you say he can't talk 'cuz the craziest ones are on his side. But then Daddy says you knew what you were gettin' into when you gots married. What's that mean, Papa?"
"Oh. Good. Well, clearly we have some
for us to partner up with—"
Tony just pursed his lips and folded his arms again, nestling them beneath breasts that he suddenly realized were kind of tender. "Yeah? That's funny because
Steve just continued to stare at him, glaring at him, like he was trying to determine the validity and truthfulness of Barton's words, and Tony stared at him a moment and said, "Is
"You don't have to tell me. You already told me. Last night. When we talked about this."
," Steve had said in reply, still irritated by the fact that he was the
"I don't know, Steve! I don't make the rules!"
He took hold of the zipper of Stark’s jeans and yanked it down with a sharp tug, Stark gasping beneath him. He reached into his jeans to palm a hand at what was clearly the beginnings of a painful and desperate erection, and he startled a little at the feel of silk hitting his hand.
Thor still didn't quite seem to understand the issue, but he let it slide and merely answered Steve's next question about whether or not he had ever seen this particular hex undone.
When they'd finished eating, Tony grabbed the check before Steve had even realized the waitress had brought it over, paid it, and no doubt left a fifty-percent tip.
"Yeah."
Bruce just sighed and made his way over, Barton right behind and twirling a smaller, wrapped box in his hands.
Steve arched an eyebrow. "Doesn't that work both ways?"
" Jane cried and grabbed onto Darcy's arm. "We're going to leave you alone for a while now!"
Tony snorted a laugh and propped the pillows into the proper position. "Yeah, don't think she's going to want to do that in about two seconds."
Legs still a little shaky after coming down from his two subsequent orgasms, he climbed off the table and gripped it for balance before he turned to Tony, who lay there with his eyes closed and what Steve took as a serene look on his face, red lips formed in a small smile, and he said, "I'm gonna, uh, I'm gonna go find something to clean up with."
"Like this. You still find me attractive."
"You do this on purpose, don't you?" he teased as he reached in and picked her up. He carried her over to the changing table and set her down, moving his arms out of the way of her grabby little hands as he reached out for the assorted sundry items that he needed. Fresh diaper, wipes, and baby powder at the ready, he set about changing her diaper, finding that, yes, it did become easier and easier the more he did it—
," Steve said with more fire and determination than Tony knew he felt. "It's— I think it's—"
the 'White Christmas' he'd heard since the day that lousy record was released. Maybe it was a live radio theatre recording, but it didn't sound like it. The balance was too good for it to be live. It didn't… It wasn't right.
It was also hard to feel sexy when you had a fucking watermelon strapped to your gut, but Steve didn't seem to mind that.
"Where's my stuff? Why's there a bed?" she asked and climbed up onto the bed. He almost snapped at her to get off if only because he didn't want any evidence of this for the Cap to find, but she was small, and it wasn't like she could do that much damage, so he let her stay and bounce up and down on the bed a bit as he looked around the room for the supplies he'd bought for the Cap a couple weeks before.
… Steve isn't dead, OK? I can— I can
like you were—"
He squinted a little at them, and as sleep left him, they both came into focus, and he saw that one was Steve while the other one was—
"Wait," Tony said and put a hand up, "he's too
Tony hummed a little and patted his back and said, "I'm sure Brucie has all their greatest hits if you ever want to take a listen."
So maybe, because of that seemingly innocent confession, it wasn't so surprising that Steve was pretty good about being taken off the team for the time being. Aside from helping New York recover from the mess the power grid breakdown had left behind, the Avengers didn't have that many calls in the several weeks following the birth. Thankfully, the ones they did have were minor, and Steve didn't even feel the need to keep watch over them in the comm center and offer his support from afar. There was still the open business of Loki's glowstick and Baron Strucker, the inaction of both of which stuck in Steve's craw, but being off the team for the time being kept him from doing anything about it, and their trail of leads had run cold for the moment anyway.
They both took stalls on either side of him, yelling to each other as though there wasn't several slabs of metal in between them.
"These are reputable sites, Tony."
It really was a gorgeous setup Tony had constructed for him, and he'd been itching to get back to doing some art for himself. Sketching, painting — something to take his mind off of the concerns of the world for just a little while. It was his first love, after all. Soldiering was something he'd taken up because there was a war on, not because he wanted to do that for the rest of his life, and he had currently lucked into a situation that allowed for him to spend his spare time with pencils and paints. Maybe, if he was really good, it wouldn't have to be just his 'spare time' for the rest of his life.
Where hopefully none of the others were and, hopefully, this spell or whatever it was that had been cast over Tony would reverse before Tony could use it against any of the others for his own childish amusement. He'd meant it when he'd said the others wouldn't take it well if they thought Steve was cheating on Tony in some way, and obviously Tony wouldn't be the one to suffer for it. Steve would. And he was pretty sure Natasha would have no qualms against castrating him if he ever were to actually do something like that.
"Why does everyone insist that Steve just gives into me?"
…reading  about this?"
"Then why was Tony Stark seen after that? He was seen up until about two months ago."
But Steve sighed a little and dropped his head, muttering, "
, Steve. Trust me."
to do or
"Whatever," he said and left the bedroom. "You said everyone's down on the common floor, right?"
Steve opened his mouth to protest, but Tony just nudged him a little more.
"But the point is you're so protective of her and, well, honestly, you're her primary caregiver. And I figured you would...want to...be a stay-at-home dad."
She again raised her eyebrow at him, but with an entirely different meaning behind it.
Steve led Tony into the hotel, up the stairs and through the ornate lobby on the way to the grand ballroom, several people pausing their conversations to watch the couple pass by, and Tony snorted a laugh and said, "Fuck, I feel like Eliza Doolittle at the ball."
"I know," Steve said, and Tony could just
He just swallowed that bite and took another.
Bruce just smiled and said, "Go to bed, Tony."
"He's a helper 'bot, Steve! He doesn't need to have the miracle of childbirth explained to him."
A complete lie, of course. He totally would have asked Pepper to marry him someday if that little brat hadn't ruined it for him. Not that Bruce needed to know this.
Why didn't you tell me this before?"
to do this."
," Other Tony said. "Not something I want to know."
Steve just continued to make a face like Tony was forcing him to keep a spoonful of castor oil on his tongue (see, a reference that Steve could understand) and said, "I don't want anyone getting a picture of her."
And how in the world was
Steve leveled him with a flat look.
," Steve muttered in disgust.
"You know," Esmeralda said, "if it's just the male sex member you want—"
, and I
," Happy helpfully supplied. Hill chose that moment to stick her head out and say, "Ready when you are."
"If you
"I'm going to take that as a 'yes.'"
Steve rolled his eyes. "No, we were just friends."
Bruce moved his hand from the back of his neck to hold the mug in both hands, like it was somehow doing something to calm him and maybe keep the Other Guy at bay. "I'm sorry,
"It's none of your business whose it is," Pepper said as she steered Tony in the direction of the car.
"Yeah."
"But I am, Steve! I'm used to it and this— It's something that I got used to long before I even met you."
He exhaled and lay back against the pillows, relief flooding him from head to toe. He'd done it.
"Full of shit," Tony said in the same matter-of-fact tone Steve had used and pulled the slices of cooked toast off the griddle. Steve snatched the plate away from him before he even had a chance to set it down, and Tony watched as he went back over to the chair he'd been sitting in and settled back in with another plate of French toast and half a container of orange juice. A few thumps hit against the inside of his abdomen, and he looked down and said, "Oh, great. What do you want?"
"What's wrong?" Steve asked, only to be wordlessly handed the tablet. He looked it over a moment then sighed a little and showed it to Tony.
"Not important. I'll explain later. But now?" He hopped off the table, his breasts bouncing with the movement, and he winced a little and looked down at himself before he reached up and put a hand to his breasts and said, "OK, maybe no jumping like this."
Steve sighed as he set his brown-bagged lunch down on the security station's counter. "See what?" he asked a too-excited Sam. Bucky just rolled his eyes and muttered, "Oh,
there looking like you do because god forbid someone get a picture of you looking less than 100% and, next thing you know, there's a twenty-four-hour cycle of the Avengers hanging out with a beached whale."
before he turned to the doctor and said, "If we have any questions in the future—"
Bruce just looked at him, sighing, like he'd already resigned himself to his fate. "Let me go make a call," he said, and Tony grinned and said, "Yay!" like he was an over-excited child.
"Pretty sure I earn my keep by kicking ass," Wilson muttered as he shoved disposable cups into a garbage bag.
It didn't matter. This wasn't her, she had never belonged to him, and what made Bruce think he would even
Barnes nodded. "Yeah.
Thor's jovial mood went a little sad at that, and he said in a quiet and humbled voice, "My brother was not always the misguided, power-hungry fool you know him to be. But jealousy is a vicious monster, and my brother fell victim to those that would seek to exploit that weakness in him and use it to further their own gains."
And coffee and doughnuts? Oh, he knew him so well!
"Yeah, well, he's gonna need all the help he can get for that," Barnes said, a little too smug and cocky.
"What? Do you have a better suggestion? I'm all ears if you do."
, "...not exactly an easy task. Actually, I think having the other body helped."
Steve shrugged, a little glum. "Well, there was never any threat of that eventuality ever happening — not until I got all this, anyway," he muttered and motioned down at himself.
. Because it had happened once before. Because this was his life now. Being turned into a woman and being impregnated by his ninety-five-year-old fiancé — who was completely disgusted by him now — was his life.
"Steve?"
"Mmm… I love it when you purr like that. Lets me know I'm doing the right thing."
beyond a shadow of a doubt he could trust Steve with his baby and that Steve would do everything in his power to ensure no ill ever became her.
"I'm starting to wonder about you boys myself," Natasha said, her tone smooth and even. She set the brush inside the bottle of polish after she'd finished the last toe and began to blow on them, waving her hand over to help create a breeze effect.
Plus, you've already seen and fondled everything there is to see and fondle down there. If I can't trust you—"
"—but it's not. It's… Look, I know I'm not exactly what you think of when you hear the word 'dad', but being that my father was someone that had absolutely no business in
"Before," Steve replied, smiling in that way that said he knew Tony was deflecting from the hard truths of his tale. "But don't think it didn't rear its ugly head again after watching that."
"Let's get this bullshit over with," he said, making sure to sound as prickly and annoyed as he felt with the situation.
"Why's there a bed in Daddy's paintin' room?"
"Actually, I did. I don't know— I didn't think I was that strong."
Steve laughed and reached out to take hold of Tony's hand, and Tony let him, watching as Steve played with his fingers.
Fuck you, Howard. Fuck you to hell and back.
"Thanks."
"Yeah, we may have run into some of our buddies while on the lookout for Cap's pal," Barton said. "You have that prototype you've been working on? We're headed right back out."
"Trust me, it's a lot to take in, I know. I had a...similar...experience one time. I don't blame you for being suspicious, and I know you still don't entirely believe me. Don't get me wrong; it really sucks that you're so suspicious of me, but I'm a big boy. I can handle it. And besides, I know it's only temporary." He shot a quick look over at Steve. "It
"You know," he said as she moved the coffee table away from the couch and pulled the matching ottoman over, "I'm not supposed to have that much caffeine."
"Who?"
looked like he wanted to be anywhere but there, and Tony didn't even stop himself from wishing Barnes had gone out while Steve had stayed back. Fuck, let Barnes do his penance by being Captain America for a while. Steve could stay home and do the much more important job of tending to Tony's every whim and desire.
Jeez, did he even have anything that might be in the least bit interesting to a four-year-old? He cleared his throat and said, "JARVIS?"
"I'll be here," Tony said and turned to watch her make her way over to the elevator just as Bruce stepped off. Not even noticing Tony, he went straight for Natasha and asked a concerned, "How is he?"
Tony just worked at sketching a new elbow joint for the armor. "More than you might think. How 'bout you, boo-berry?" He turned his wrist to glance at his watch. "Kinda early to be home from drinks, aren't you?"
kid." He jerked a thumb at Steve. "I never stood a chance."
"Don't mention it," Rhodey replied, hugging him and patting his back. "Steve's a lucky guy."
He had a feeling he knew what Steve was asking him, but he wanted to be absolutely certain he understood completely what Steve was getting at.
Steve made a face but averted his gaze and said, "I guess… I mean I just assumed. Esmeralda only said anything about
OK, so here's the thing. Tony, over the years, had been known to be massively impulsive, and Steve's speech, though heartfelt and beautiful, had done the exact opposite of what it was supposed to do. It was meant to reassure Tony that he was doing the right thing, that if given the choice, Steve would choose him every time, and Tony's life was not worth risking for something so...extremely out of the ordinary that there were no approved methods for dealing with it outside of what internet fangirls had come up with for their favored slash pairings (and Tony was not about to take advice from them, and yeah, so he knew about that sort of stuff. So what? He made it his business to at least be familiar with all modes and methods of internet culture).
"Uh oh," Wilson murmured, a little sing-song-y, "now you've done it. You upset the princess."
"Steve, are you feeling OK?" And now there was concern written over the man's — Tony, it seemed — face. "You've been acting kind of odd ever since I woke up." He smiled a little. "Even for you."
Steve shook his head, but the chuckles emanating from his throat seemed to disagree with that. As did the shaking of his shoulders that went counter to what his head was doing.
"You wish me to do something to allow the King to produce an heir," she said as they were taking their first bites of what could, at most, be called a 'stew' but was more than likely little more than 'gruel.'
"Uh, Stark." He blinked and looked around. "You know any others?"
Steve's face went a little pinched at that, and Tony knew it was over the terminology for his breasts.
It was at that point that he considered getting himself off just for the hell of it. The desperate need he'd felt for it earlier had subsided sometime during the night, and half of that arousal had come from the knowledge that Steve would be
"Not because I want to hurt you, though. I want… I'd want you to like it."
"I am!"
Tony just hummed a bit and said, "Well, I already know how you feel about the Yankees."
"Jesus, it's like college all over again," Tony murmured. "Remember that?"
"So, you didn't think you were in your very own
"Then everything can go back to the way it was, and you can go back to sucking my cock, and I can go back to standing up to pee. Seriously, squatting is
Tony was whispering Steve's name, part-prayer and part-whine, and Steve, in much less time and much less gracefully or graciously than before, was coming once again, filling Tony with his spend as he kept a firm hold of his hips and pumped into him, making Tony take everything he was giving to him. And Tony took it, Steve feeling a clench of muscle surround his cock like it was milking it for release.
, which I didn't think was supposed to happen until everything was said and done, but whatever. Oh, and it's not just my tits that leak,
"I don't know what you're talking about," Tony said, ignoring Pepper's plea to just get over to the car.
Tony raised his hands, taking aim to fire. "You lay one finger on my baby, and I'll dismember you inch-by-inch."
The hell he was going to let this little brat wrap herself around his finger.
"Steve is…
He swallowed and knew he had to choose his next words carefully because he wasn't about to let his last conversation with the one he would always love end in pain, accusation, and hate.
To be honest, Bruce wasn't sure whether he breathed a sigh of relief or had to swallow his hurt when the little girl, Olivia, cried and ran over to Tony, her 'Papa.'
"What would Mama Rogers think of you?"
But what if…and hear him out…what if Steve was
Tony let out another laugh. "Yeah, definitely 'no' on that one. Look, honey, it's not anything you need to worry about right now. She's ours, and that's all there is to it."
could—"
Barton made a hand motion like he was waiting for Tony to get on with it, and Wilson laughed and smacked his arm and said, "No, man, come on. Let him whine. I'd rather listen to that than the Grade-A 'you-have-absolutely-no-right-to-do-this' lecture we're gonna get from Cap as soon as we step on that elevator."
Steve nodded but then said, "You're right."
But the doctor smiled and laughed a little and said, "Then we should be able to get some very good images," and continued to make her way down the hall.
God-in-heaven, was he a sleeper agent of some kind, programmed to go off at some
"You stupid son-of-a-bitch!" he cried as Steve enveloped him in a bear hug. "You scared me— I thought you were dead!"
Steve rolled his eyes. "
"That's kind of what you said," Sharon replied, and Tony smiled his thanks at her.
Not an outright belly laugh, but a snorted chortle with a look that said,
"Sure. We'll start there."
." He exhaled a breath. "I don't even want to think about what might have—" He clamped his mouth shut and shook his head, but he was unable to hide the shiver that afflicted him presumably at the thought of Tony falling into the clutches of Hydra.
"Coffee. You drink it. Want to get a cup?"
Tony shrugged. "You wanted 'em. I found 'em. Simple as that. Nothing's too good for my baby."
"Like board games?"
"Best kind of lovin' is self-lovin'," Barton said with an easy shrug.
He made a motion to reach out and brush the hair on top of her head, but Tony murmured beside him, "You break it, you buy it."
…to term, right?"
"Oh, he must have loved that," Rhodey said.
"You steal this from someone?" Tony asked as Steve picked up the book and paged through it.
Tony thought about this a moment then said, "You know, here I thought I was doing such a good job pulling you into the twenty-first century, but you're doing everything you possibly can to pull me back to Five Points in the nineteenth."
Steve sighed some as he sat in the chair adjacent to Tony. "That's not what I— I mean, people
Tony blinked. Fuck, he hadn't even thought about a
Tony went to say that Starbucks was fine by him, but Pepper piped up the name of some hole-in- the-wall place in Brooklyn he'd raved about the first time Steve had taken him there (because
"Poor lost creature," she murmured. "Even I cannot help you."
He looked around for his phone to text Steve and see what the fuck he was doing and if he was up for making a food run, and he pursed his lips and frowned and looked around and said, "Say, J? You know where my phone is by any chance?"
Several people called out for him, and he pointed to one in the middle and said, "Yeah?"
"Are you?" Natasha asked without even bothering with the courtesy of a glance in his direction, her tone so neutral Tony didn't know what to read into it.
"And what do you wish me to do about that? You distrust the Chancellor and think him to be using the King to take over a kingdom that had been promised to him by the King's father."
"Do we?" he asked and picked up a tablet he'd found lying around. He sat down at the bar and clicked on the display and began to search for child-sized furniture.
"If I have to call Ms. Potts, the CEO of Stark Industries," he said, mustering as much stern authority to imbue the words with dark warning as he could, "to verify my claim, you are going to be
Steve poured out a glass of orange juice for Tony and then began to drink the rest straight from the carton. Tony watched him a moment then said, "Is this because I said you're a sucky cook?"
not to refer to me as
She heaved out a breath. "Not
He shut down his progress on...whatever it was he was working on...then changed into something appropriate for going out for coffee — OK, it was just a band shirt and yoga pants — and he climbed into the waiting car with Pepper then panicked when he realized that this was probably someone that wouldn't—
"It's the principle of the thing, Steve!" He motioned at the photo again. "Those dresses don't leave much to the imagination. I mean, one of them loses her balance and goes tumbling off that wall, the mystery's gone!"
"For the exercise," Steve said, slipping into his 'Captain America' voice. "You both clearly have enough energy stored up." He nodded toward the door. "Let's go."
Steve raised an eyebrow in challenge. "Are you saying I don't?"
Steve shot him a look, eyebrow raised and all, and Tony shrugged. If Steve didn't know better, he'd say he looked a little sheepish.
"I'm a little…confused."
He told JARVIS to tell Steve to go fuck himself every time he did. He didn't know that JARVIS actually did — actually, he very much doubted he did — but at least he'd given the order for him to.
what I think," before he went into the bathroom and shut the door behind him.
Barton snorted a laugh. "Not getting rid of us, Stark. Don't even pretend like you are."
"How old are you?"
somehow present in Steve's DNA, and if it is, then it's in that baby, and it's in you, and I just… I don't know how it would react to drugs like that. And not just for your sake— Or maybe for your sake because I don't know what it might do to the baby, and if anything happens to that baby before the moment it's born—"
It seemed like a good idea, the Avengers — which is what they decided to keep calling themselves — having a home base of operations, and even Pepper had smiled and gone along with it because… Actually, looking back, Tony didn't know why unless she was putting on a brave face. Captain Anachronism had come back after a while, had taken up space on one of the guest floors while Tony finished renovating the tower, and they had…come to an understanding of sorts. They didn't
"Look, you're not from around here," Tony said and didn't lessen the hold he had on Steve's hand. "I think you might be a little confused as to what the word 'blessed' really means."
"Well?" he asked. "Are you going to do something about this, or are we just going to sit here all night?"
It was a tender moment perfect for spoiling, which is exactly what happened when a voice that was only familiar from having heard it on television so many times said a slightly sneering, "Captain Rogers," from the periphery.
They both shrugged. "Nah, that was about the time we checked out," Barnes said.
with the massive, massive guilt that he'll have to deal with the rest of his life."
Tony felt some emotion begin to well up again at that, and he groaned a little and rolled his eyes and tried to blink away the tears, hoping that Rhodey and the others wouldn't see. OK, hoping Bruce and Hill wouldn't see. Rhodey had already seen him at his worst, and, strangely, he was OK with Natasha seeing him this way, too.
"No, this is the table we we've been at for at least half-an-hour now," Pepper said. "You got lost, didn't you?"
Steve just slunk over to a worktable, his body moving like it felt awkward to him. "Was kind of hoping you'd forgotten about it," he replied.
"It is," Tony said then sighed. "Oh, I forgot. You don't know who— Look, I don't understand half this merchandise." He reached into the container and began to pull out other cookies. "They make Avenger-shaped cut outs. We got Thor and Scarlet Witch and Vision and Falcon and Hawkeye and me and—" he pulled one last one out, "—you. I know I'm missing a few, but those must have gotten eaten already. Anyway, the proceeds go to charity, so I guess it's worth it."
Before he could say anything, Olivia chimed in, "Daddy, Papa said we could use your art stuff you use for drawin'!"
She shook her head again and said, "You're deliberately misunderstanding me, and you're evading my question. You
…on the internet about that…sort of thing. Very…imaginative."
"Because of what?"
"You do know there's enzymes in saliva that break down food, right? So we can digest it easier? Oh, but please, spit into my jar of jelly."
"Trolled the internet a bit," he said and set the pictures back in the box, carefully, as though if he used any more pressure they would turn into dust. "Asked around — not as myself, obviously — got a hit, met up with the guy and his wife at a place down on Bleecker Street. Nice guy. Weirdly, in a superficial way, kind of reminds me of a dark-haired Steve. But with a beard — not one of those gross neck-beards but one of those nicely-groomed ones."
Maybe, if he really thought about it — really looked — he could see where and how Tony had aged in the past two-almost-three years that he'd known him. He could delineate which hairs were silver where they had once been nearly black and which wrinkles had formed where the skin had once been soft and smooth. Maybe he could do that, but he didn't want to do that — look for imperfections. Tony was not a perfect man (and he himself was far from one as well), but those imperfections were not of a physical nature. Steve was the last person that could ever judge someone for what they looked like. And he would never judge Tony for that because Tony was gorgeous, and he knew that thirty years from now (forty, if what Esmeralda was saying was true), he would still feel the same way. Aging was a part of life — a natural process and something that had been robbed of him for too long. He would always look a good deal younger than Tony, and if Tony was OK with that, then so was he.
Rhodey shot him a pointed look. "Did Papa hear that?"
He snorted a laugh and said, "Why am I not surprised? She talks
, stable marriages. Your parents have been married, what, forty years now? And your grandparents were married for forty-five, wasn't it?"
Steve grimaced because Tony's back was to him and he couldn't see it. "Sure, honey," he said, his words completely belying what even he could admit was a wary tone of voice.
"No trouble at all," Tony said and patted Steve's arm then sucked in a breath as he watched Thor try to take a swing at the piñata with Mjolnir. "Yeah, OK, that's not happening," he said and pulled away from Steve to go tell Thor if he put a hole in his wall or his window, he was off the team.
Feeling trapped, Steve sighed, closed his eyes, and bit off the smallest portion of the cookie that he could be bothered with.
"I told Tony I didn't want him in the field until everything was put right again, but I didn't say anything about Iron Man."
Tony shrugged. "Easy-peasy, lemon-squeezy," he said, and Steve bent down and captured Tony's lips with his own. Tony closed his eyes and hummed a little into it, parting his mouth and letting Steve slip a little bit of tongue in before their mouths parted, and Steve moved up to press a kiss against Tony's nose.
She laughed and patted his shoulders. "You two really are idiots, but we love you anyway."
"You can't?" Tony said. "Try being the one that's going through this. You should all count yourselves lucky I haven't thrown myself out a window yet." He snapped his fingers. "Now, there's something! I could just throw myself down a flight of stairs—"
Tony looked to Natasha, who glanced up at him and said, "Depends on if you want them to smudge or not."
"Yeah, and we had a fucking downpour. Clearly that means we're in for a lifetime of bliss," Tony said and turned back to the mirror to look at his profile again. He stood a little straighter, trying to see if that made a difference and made the swell either more or less noticeable, and he considered what that swell was, what that swell meant, what was growing beneath that swell, and said, "You know they used to call me the Merchant of Death."
"Earth's Mightiest Heroes. We protect people, take out the bad guys— You know, the usual superhero stuff."
He stepped aside and made a sweeping motion with his hand, and Tony smiled at him but couldn't help think to himself,
Barnes pulled out his phone and checked it. "Ten-forty."
"Oh, my god. Is five minutes going to kill you? Fucking have JARVIS DVR it or something."
"My turn. Hand the squirt over."
"Had a few too many?"
Steve stopped in his tracks and turned to stare accusingly at Tony, and Tony stopped and turned so it gave the impression he was staring right back at him.
Steve blanched, his hold on Tony going slack, and he opened and closed his mouth a couple times and made a few facial tics before he said a quiet, "I—I'm sorry, Tony. I didn't mean to— I was just making some suggestions. I didn't meant to say that you couldn't—"
"So, either way you're too old for each other," Wilson said.
"Friends," Thor said as Steve was gearing up to counter Bruce's comment, "I am afraid you are misunderstanding the entire point of the Goddess's spell. It was not one done with malice or ill intent. It is not her intention to cause him any harm."
They strolled down the sidewalk in relative silence, the slosh of wet snow beneath their feet and the scarce amount of traffic on the street beside them. They were closer to the square now, festively lit up for the season, and as Steve stopped at the corner and waited for the traffic to pass, he said, "Is Hydra really still around?"
They finished singing, and he looked around at all of them and said, "Where—?"
And now the suspicion had complete abated, and all that remained was concern and worry.
Tony barked out a laugh. "Steve? Fuck, no. God, I remember—"
"What?" Bruce asked as he and Rhodey came back into the living area, Bruce with a cup of tea and Rhodey with a bottle of water.
"I could go for some grub," he admitted, and Tony slapped his hands to his knees and pushed himself to his feet.
"If these are fakes, they're really good fakes. Uh,
Maybe things had worked out differently in this other universe. Clearly, Cap was at the least bi if not flat-out gay in this other universe. Tony would bet almost his whole fortune on Cap being straight-as-an-arrow in this universe.
"That doesn't mean—"
"I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm so, so sorry, honey. I didn't mean— I thought you— Oh, god, I didn't force you, did I? Please tell me I didn't just— Oh, god, please tell me I didn't. I'm so sorry, I didn't mean—"
"An antique?" Tony finished for her. "Yes. I'm not even sure the term 'sexual harassment' existed in his day — you know, back when it was totes cool to give your secretary a slap on the ass or beg sexual favors in exchange for climbing up the ladder."
some of these people beforehand and judged their ability and their character before offering them a spot on the team.
Never," he said with a dismissive wave of his hand, but there was a cocky little smile on his lips, and so Tony knew Steve was trying to get him away so he wouldn't spend the next several minutes whining about how hungry he was.
"No story to tell," Steve replied. "I just…found a lucky spot to stay down in while the whole thing came down around me. Comm piece got knocked out and crushed in the process." He shrugged again. "That's it, really."
He needed Steve.
"Do you know what this conversation probably sounds like to other people?"
Tony watched him a moment, the way he stood there with Olivia cradled so protectively against his chest, the way he swayed with her, the overwhelming love he exuded from every pore of his being, and his heart swelled at the image that they made. He could have easily fought Steve on that — what was there to thank him for, really? — but instead, warmed by the sight they made before him, he just nodded and said a simple and quiet, "You're welcome."
Steve tweaked a smile at him and set to unwrapping his hands.
"Uh, do you mean JARVIS?" Bruce asked, and the little girl looked at him like he was crazy.
"All right, Tony," she said and smiled at him, and again, Tony suspected it was intended to comfort and put them at ease, but Tony felt nothing short of jittery and couldn't in any way sit still.
like and what it was like to
"Tony, you're only at about eight centimeters," Bruce had explained to Tony's whines and frustration as he snapped off a pair of disposable gloves. "You can't start pushing until you're at ten."
"Well, no," he said with a chuckle. "Probably get an order of fried rice. Some spare ribs. Couple of spring rolls. An egg roll or two. Maybe a wonton soup."
Or spoiled her. Spoiled her rotten. He was starting to lean towards the latter.
"What did he say to you? I know you know
"Uh, you know what?" Bruce said, and Tony, dazed, glanced at him. "Why don't we keep the 'Daddy' talk to a minimum, OK? I think…I think you might have broken your Papa."
"Gotta get going. She and Hill are going to have my ass if I'm late again."
He glared at him. "I find it highly offensive that you seem to think I'm so easy that all you have to do is put a finger on me and I'll want to hop on your dick like it's the last—" He glanced at the tablet. "Are you reading about
"Like a jerky motion or something. Like—"
"They do call us 'Mom and Dad,'" Steve agreed.
"Come on. At the least, let's find an overhang to stand under."
He just slapped open the box and pulled out another slice. "Here," he said and dropped it on her plate. "Happy?"
Barnes put a hand up to head him off at the pass. "I told you, Steve. I'm not— I don't even know if I'd
"Wait, you don't believe this idiot, do you?"
were the one to do this to him, not I."
of this?"
"I don't think any of them are working together," Steve said with a curt shake of his head. "This is about becoming high man on the totem pole. They'd step over their own mothers to get to the top."
"What?" Tony asked as he came back into the living room, the container of half-and-half in one hand and a sugar bowl in the other.
"Uh, I think by rights
Because to believe it would never happen was one thing. He could manage that. He could deal with that. But to know that in another time and place — in another world — it
"No," he said, casual, playing off the slight smarting the words gave him. "Only saw one on the ultrasound, unless the other one was hiding."
," from Tony. He shot a look at Tony and said, "I had a contact with a GE. Does SI even make ultrasound machines?"
He got up and cleaned himself up, drying himself off and changing his shirt, and he picked Olivia up from her bassinette and sat down in the rocking chair with her and began to nurse her.
"Steve, I'm not made of glass. I'll be OK if you go out looking for your buddy for a few days. And the Avengers aren't
But at the same time, the proud smile that stretched across his face — like he'd done it and he knew he'd done it and he'd used the finger quotes correctly — was too much for him to take, and he shook his head a little, a smile tugging at his mouth no matter how hard he fought it.
"What good would it have done?" Steve muttered. "He knows who I am. He knows… And he still walked away. He chose to walk away." He shook his head some, in disbelief, in disgust, or maybe some combination of the two. "I can't stop him from choosing to walk away."
"Hey!"
"Isn't it? Don't you think that's what they'll say?"
future?"
Another candid photo of them on a gossip site — taken not one hour before, which was blatantly obvious because it was a photo of him and Steve sitting at the Shake Shack in Grand Central.
"Well, what did you think it was? A punishment?"
Steve glanced down at him then motioned to the line ahead of him. "I can't make the line go any faster."
"You," she said and pointed to Steve, "I believe could be Captain America.
ever do to him? Call me crazy, but some of that shit comes off kinda personal. You didn't spend a magical night with him and then never call him again, did you?"
"Oh, honey, don't cry," Steve said in that same soft whisper, and Tony cringed in embarrassment and tried to squeeze his eyes tight enough to keep the tears from slipping through, but it was pointless as a couple escaped through his eyelashes and cascaded down his cheeks. Steve just pressed his cheek against Tony's again, and he added, "I know coming back from something like this isn't going to be easy, but if it takes the rest of my life, I am going to get you to believe that Anthony Edward is just as beautiful to me as Antonia Natasha — maybe even more. I love
"Well, I guess that's what matters," Natasha murmured.
"It really won't be that much longer now, Tony," that asshole Bruce said, and Tony just grunted and nodded but didn't really acknowledge him any other way. Bruce could say whatever he wanted. He didn't care. He knew better than Bruce ever would, and Bruce
"Well, that's what I mean by the 'test' — if Steve recognizes the handwriting or not. It's not his handwriting. I'm thinking it could be his mother's."
the man has kissed once or twice in his life."
"I like when you use me. God, I'm going to be feeling you for a week."
"I kind of smell funny."
but a hell of a lot safer."
Natasha looked between Bruce and Tony and the 'jet, and though it seemed she was talking to Bruce, Tony knew she was directing the question to him.
He chanced a glance upward and sat Tony was still sitting at his worktable, but he was slouched back in his chair and giving Steve a cautious and questioning look-over, those sharp, dark eyes raking over his body, his mouth contorted into a flat line. He reached out and grabbed his grass- and-dirt smoothie (or whatever it was actually called) off the table and took a gulp, never once taking his eyes off Steve. Steve felt the heat spread from his cheeks to his ears, and he knew then he must have been burning bright red.
"That's what really happened?" Rhodey asked and looked between Tony and Steve.
"God,
"You turn out to be right?"
"Come again?"
Pepper laughed a little and said, "I don't think you're supposed to be drinking coffee."
"I was telling Pepper about how James and I are getting married in the atrium, and I was telling her how beautiful it was, and she's been looking at venues for her upcoming wedding with Happy—" She directed a knowing look at Bucky. "—who's head of security," she said, her tone leading.
"Can't you wear whatever you want?" Hill asked.
"It doesn't gross you out that that's something my body makes specifically for your daughter?"
when, you know, I pushed an entire human being out of my body?"
Tony's eyes shot open at the epithet.
"Of course I'm not," he said and found a box of something called Cranberry Hibiscus. He tried not to make a face at it — or at the fact that it had probably been purchased by Pepper — and he pulled it out and showed it to Bruce. "How 'bout this?"
"Yeah," she grumbled and put the back of her hand to her mouth. "They go like this—"
"Thanks," Steve muttered, clear insult audible in his voice.
. Are you listening to me? There are people within your own government that
He pulled the cup from his lips and glared at it, smacking his lips as he tried to figure out why it was so…
"Well, she did just appear out of thin air.
, OK? There is no possible way that a) any of what that moron said was true and b) that even if it
He watched the movements of Steve's face, from the confusion that turned to interest and then finally understanding. Steve met his gaze, and his mouth fell open a little before he closed it and swallowed and said an awestruck, "Yeah, I do."
Which was actually quite a lot, if he was being honest with himself.
Pepper was surprised when Tony informed her he
,' and she touched my mouth with her finger, and the next thing I know, I'm flat on my back on the ground lacking certain parts and sporting others."
"Mmm… Do you want to watch me,
, and now you want me to issue you a marriage license because
Well, he wasn't so bad in his other body. He'd never taken this one out for a test drive in that regard, and he wasn't sure Steve would exactly be crazy about him doing it now. Something about chances for 'miscarriage' or 'stillbirth' or whatever. Steve would figure out
— like a certain organization — tried to get their mitts on him and
"So, yes, she pulls some shit, and it's only going to get worse the older she gets, but that doesn't mean I wouldn't defend her with every fiber of my being. Not one thing I wouldn't do for that little girl. You'll understand someday."
"Uh, then why didn't you say anything?"
He grumbled but still took it from her and cracked the cap after she'd taken the empty bottle from him.
"Honey, it gives me no pleasure to make fun of how old you can be sometimes."
"He still could have done it," she replied then waved them off. "It's all in the past now, and look! You have a
Thor's concern for him turned a little sad, and he reached out and clapped a hand to his shoulder and said, "Are you all right, my friend?"
"Yeah, I get that, and I understand that in theory, but it's a little different when you're the whale lying on your back with your vagina on display for everyone to see. Trust me."
Oh. Right.
"Excuse me?"
"I'm making you nervous, aren't I?"
Steve hadn't removed his hands from Tony's waist, and he kneaded his fingers in gently and rubbed his thumbs against the satin-covered flesh above Tony's hipbones before he nodded once and said, "OK."
"Isn't that how you convinced me we should go with 'Stark-Rogers' over 'Rogers-Stark'?"
Tony followed, quietly, surprisingly, and once they'd gotten to the top, Steve let go of Tony's hand right by the door to their room and said, "Go on. I'll be in in a sec. I just need to put this little sleepyhead down."
She nodded. "I shall return your form to the way it was when I first came upon you that day in the rubble."
"Follow me," he said, and Tony and Steve left their seats and followed the clerk back to what they took to be his office. It was cluttered, and there wasn't much room to sit, but they moved aside and let him close the door anyway, and he went over to his desk and sat down at his computer and pulled up their application.
Tony sighed out a breath. "Yeah, pretty much. Space Elsa's kind of dead, and according to Thor, who supposedly knows this sort of shit— But I don't know. Just because he's from space doesn't mean he knows everything about space. What the fuck? I mean, when did he suddenly become Carl fucking Sagan—"
But Bruce just stared at him and said under no uncertain terms, "I don't want to be your doctor."
And not even close to true. In fact, he knew a certain super soldier that could attest to the fact that not only was it
“I think you need to be taught a lesson,” Steve said, still using that same low octave, leaning over Stark, reaching up and bracing one hand on the raised hood of the car while the other rested on the fender next to Stark’s hip. “Think you need to be brought into line.”
"I don't think she was actually seeing anyone at the time."
"OK, Tony," Bruce was saying, pulling Tony out of his quiet thoughts, "when I give the word, I'm gonna need you to push again."
"Well, in that case," he said with a light laugh and made a point of turning from the appetizers to the entrées, "I guess I can look at this side of the menu."
Steve exhaled a breath. "I didn't let you—"
"Yeah," he said, and his voice sounded a little strained, but Tony couldn't tell from what or why. "Just, uh, an interesting visual there."
"Eh, it kind of does. That's not me being egotistical. It… We've seen things. It always comes down to the two of us."
"Captain Stark-Rogers
Tony glanced up at her again, and she shrugged.
Tony glanced over to Steve. "Is that sass? Is she sassing me?"
"I did not make them cry."
"Once again, Barton. Fuck off. Wait— Is that—? How's Steve?"
She folded her arms and pouted a little, and Tony sighed and said, "You can't watch one with me?"
They settled back into a silent calm after that, Steve reclined against Tony, his head nestled against Tony's chest, Tony's fingers raking gently through his hair. He whispered a prayer to not let him go back, to let him wake up tomorrow here in Tony's warm, safe arms, and as sleep began to overtake him, he heard Tony murmur, "So, FYI, kinda thinking about putting a workshop in the basement, and this
I feel it. Look, I don't know how to explain it, but it's just…it's not a
The next thing he knew, it was dusk, and the size and firmness of the thigh he had pillowed his head against had changed, and squinting through tired eyes, he looked up to see a familiar super soldier sitting there, jaw set and eyes hard as read over what was displayed on the tablet he had balanced on the arm of the couch. He must have felt Tony stirring, as he tore his attention away from the tablet and, like the flip of a light switch, the hardness vanished, leaving nothing but a soft tenderness as he looked down at Tony and said, "Hey there, sleepyhead."
Tony inhaled a sharp breath through his nose then nodded. "Yeah," he said, his voice quiet, "it was."
He pressed his face into the pillow, soaking it with tears, until he heard a knock at his door, and he sniffled and wiped the tears away and tried to hide the evidence of what he'd done. He got up, struggling a little bit more than he'd like to admit, and went over to the door, and he turned the handle and schooled his face into something blasé and neutral as he spotted Natasha on the other side of it, a tub of chocolate caramel gelato in one hand and a spoon in the other. She held it out to him without a word, and he looked at it a moment before he reached out and took both items, and she took that as permission to enter.
" Tony asked with an inpatient roll of his eyes.
"Well, you did point out my not-so-wonderful disposition."
"Oh, a mobile," he said, looking at the picture on the box. "An Avengers mobile," he added, recognizing the baby-fied figures hanging from the strings.
Esmeralda waved off Bruce's concern. "Yes, I understand that. As I'm sure your shamans or medicine men will be able to tell you, that body he now possesses is in
," Natasha murmured, but Tony blew right past her comment and kept talking.
Pepper reached out and snagged a firm hold of his arm. "They're not. They're not going to know anything, and they're not going to
— even the way he said 'I don't know.'
"Shut up. I'd like to see you do better."
He sat there, staring at the soft light of the tree a moment, before he got up and went over to that radio-thing. He looked it over and tried to figure it out, and he pressed the button for what he figured was the tuner and was justly rewarded with music. It was more of that damned Christmas music, but still. Someone sounding an awful lot like Frank Sinatra was singing what sounded like it was supposed to be the end of 'Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas.' Whereas 'White Christmas' had the wrong arrangement, this song seemed to have the wrong lyrics, though. Not that he was as familiar with the former song. It was newer and wasn't as popular as 'White Christmas' or 'I'll Be Home for Christmas,' but it was a pleasant-enough song regardless.
," the designer muttered like she couldn't believe Tony would even think such a thing.
, he was at least
Rhodey stared at him a moment before he shook his head, muttered something under his breath, then glanced over at Olivia. He did a double-take then inched his gaze from Olivia to Tony and said, "Uh…do you know she's wearing that?" as he pointed at the t-shirt.
"Guess you can teach an old dog new tricks, huh? Supposedly it's tough to get an appointment with her, but Bruce said to just tell them that he recommended her, and we should be good."
"Yeah? Well, it could have happened."
Tony and Steve blinked and frowned at each other then turned to the side where Bruce stood, granola bar shoved into a shirt pocket, hand at the back of his neck, and grimace twisting his face.
that he wasn't practically counting down the days until he could go back to his old self. God, he couldn't wait for that. But right now, he was actually enjoying this whole endeavor, to some degree, and he
"He never actually told either one of us, you know."
"I felt so bad, and there was nothing I could do about it," he explained.
Granted, he didn't know what exactly he
But clearly not, as it turned out. It was an impossibility. Bruce had already confirmed that this morning, and besides, that little girl had had a 'papa' that she'd loved dearly, a 'papa' that had been nearly identical in appearance to the way Tony had looked before all this had been done to him. It didn't matter that that Steve Rogers kissed the way his did or cradled his head the way his did. It didn't matter that that little girl was
Steve frowned and went to ask what was wrong, but Tony continued before he could.
Unless you want her to wake up again."
Steve just squeezed his hands to quiet him. "I have to make it right. I have to… I have to help make it right. He's not… I know he's not the same… I know he's different. I know he's had experiences I can never understand. I know he's had a life I'll never know about. I know… I know Nat's seen him in ways I never will."
" Barton whined. "
"I mean, really, if nothing else, that gets you into a super-special and elite club no one else except Bruce and Nat are members of," Tony said, Olivia finally seeming to quiet a little now that he'd given her his finger to suck on. "Not sure if that's a good or a bad thing, but whatever. And weirdly— It's funny, but I have to admit, I was a little jealous when you came back on the scene—"
"Yea— well, I guess if there have to be." He set the tablet and the bagel down and reached for Steve's arm. "Come on, Steve! It'll be fun! Plus, you know the gossip-mongers are just looking for some good Avengers dirt to get their hands on."
"No reason to waste anything breaking it. Also, they get to that baby over my dead body."
"Yeah, it is."
"—or something that's going to make us look like completely incompetent parents—"
Steve went quiet a moment, almost like he was embarrassed. "I delivered newspapers," he said after a beat of silence.
"Yeah, didn't you just do the ultrasound yesterday?"
…a lot. Like, yeah, that's weird. Evidently, it's mid-morning-nap time, because he's been kind of quiet, which is always a relief because the little shit— uh, I mean
And Steve's voice went soft and intimate. "
Tony couldn't shake the thought that the child he carried could be used as a weapon.
. But he clearly stated he wasn't interested in anything but selling me the pictures," he added in an attempt to calm everyone's concern.
Tony hummed a little bit and looked up from his phone, pressing a button on the side to shut it off as he did so. "Well, hindsight is 20/20, so they say. I'm not really interested in dwelling over the past, anyway. I'm much more interested in what's to come."
And suddenly, the Cap frowned. "Tony, whatever you think, I don't… I don't
. That's how old Daddy is. You're a much better cook than Daddy."
He just sighed a little and shook his head and went back to eating his dinner.
Tony made a face. "Oh, they're not gonna kiss, are they? I mean,
Or it shouldn't have.
Maybe they really had been meant to have Olivia all along?
"Well, you're no fun," Tony grumbled with a pout. "I wanted lessons in morality, I'd hang out with Captain Stick-up-his-ass."
There it was. The look. The look he'd seen come over Olivia's face several times over the course of the past couple days. That narrowed-eyed, brow-furrowing frown.
Tony blinked at her, blanking on the info. That…was probably something he should have been made aware of.
," he muttered, making that sour face that Tony only half-jokingly thought was becoming his normal look.
Other Tony just stared right at him. "I'm really not," he said, even and firm, seemingly convinced of the truth of his words.
He clutched the box with the photographs a little closer and said, "Nothing," to Barton's — was it him, or was it always Barton? — query.
"Seriously, Steve, my blood pressure can't take this shit. Would you learn to use a fucking parachute?"
"You just think he doesn't love you as much as you love him," Steve said, eyes flat and mouth pursed in a straight line.
The not-quite-term-of-endearment startled Steve. "Capsicle?" he murmured then shook it off. "Tony, what's wrong?"
"Trust me, Barton's torment will definitely be. I may end up with an arrow in the ass for it, but it'll be worth it."
"Yeah, well, let's leave the military branch dick-measuring for another day, yeah?" Tony said and looked between Steve and Jim. "It's Christmas."
The guy crowded him some more and reached out to rest a hand at Tony's hip. Tony tried to pull away from him — seriously, what in the
Tony waved off his concern. "Steve doesn't get lost. And even if he did, he'd never admit it. He's just trying to find a parking space because parking is a bitch in SoHo and he couldn't parallel park if his life depended on it."
Oh, yeah, that was really going to make this even better.
Steve groaned a little and scratched at his forehead with his index and middle fingers, his ring and pinky holding onto the melting candy bar. "I don't… Look, it's not—"
“Wha—?” Steve backed away, stumbling, pointing at the apparent demon. “Tony, do you see him, too?”
“So, an orgasm for an orgasm? No souls lost?” Tony asked.
Sighing, Steve waved a hand for him to continue. “I don’t know why I’m arguing. I should know better by now.”
“The fuck?” Steve said, eyes wide, then glanced at Tony. “This—this isn’t—what the fuck!”
“I’m not.” Tony picked up the lancet and moved to poke his finger, but Steve gripped his wrist and stopped him.
The demon sighed, looking tired. “Look, can we just get on with this. The horns are itchy, and I have a date with my couch tonight. I’m trying to finish my rewatch of Gossip Girl this week, and I don't want extra paperwork.”
Steve grumbled something under his breath, but Tony couldn’t make it out. He didn’t say anything else, though.
“At least he makes it up with his looks. I wouldn’t mind being choked by those thighs,” the demon said, raking his eyes over Steve, then throwing a wink at him, making Steve blush and sputter. Then the demon turned to Tony, a curious glint to his eye. “You seem to be taking this really well? I assumed you’d be more surprised since you used a toy cat for the sacrifice and quoted Dean Winchester—don’t think I haven't watched every episode.”
“What are you doing!” Steve snapped. “I’m not letting you hurt yourself.”
And once they’d turned into a boneless heap of intertwined bodies, Bucky between the two humans, the demon couldn’t help but think he could get used to this.
Bucky’s tongue peeked out to wet his lips. “You wanna make me cry your name, Stevie?”
The demon grinned, flashing his teeth. “Did you think I wouldn’t get your basics? You included a lock of hair, plus the blood. That automatically fills out a form DD-5 and files it with the summoning office.”
Bucky huffed a laugh. “Understood, but for the record, I don’t make a habit out of doing this. So technically, this is a first for me. I know it sounds sappy, but there’s just something special about you guys.”
The demon teetered a hand back and forth, “Eh, kinda, they’re more like required by the bosses. Fury, the big boss, can be a dick about presentation and flair, the dramatic bastard.”
But as soon as Steve had seen the box on the table, he'd all but jumped back, declaring it a gateway straight to hell and that it needed to be taken out of the house.
On the second shovel, he heard the patio door open and looked over to see Steve, face appearing somewhere near constipated.
“Then why did you come?” Tony asked, putting up a hand to Steve as to say, ‘Chill. I know what I’m doing.’
Butterflies tickled Bucky’s stomach, making him smile. It had been a while since someone saw him as something other than a demon. It was another thing that made Steve and Tony special. “Yeah,” he breathed, then his smile grew. “Yeah, I’d like that. No sacrifices required this time."
“Hey,” the demon said. “Not cool. I’m more than my designation in life. Let me guess”—he looked at Tony and tipped his head toward Steve—“the big guy’s catholic?”
“Bucky,” Steve joined the conversation. “Your name is Bucky? That’s so ….”
“One of my ex’s in college was into some weird shit.” Tony shrugged. “Anyway”—he pulled free from Steve’s grip—“it’s a tiny drop.”
Tony chewed his lips, glancing between Steve and Bucky, trying to read them both. He and Steve had had threesomes before, so this wouldn't be new, though it would be the first time with a demon. He needed to make sure he wasn't walking into a trap.
