Cas had spent every moment since that conversation trying to figure out the best time to tell Dean his decision. He didn’t want to just blurt it out as it was a huge step for them and he wanted the announcement to be a moment to remember. So, he had kept his mouth shut when he was with Dean and to his boyfriend’s credit (is that what they were? God, he hoped so.
“No.”
“I think we can find something that might do the trick,” Cas assured him with a warm smile and an affectionate gaze.
So quick was Cas’ reply that Dean broke out in the widest smile as his eyes glowed in the dim lighting. “Can I get some buttermilk with that?”
Or had been.
She caught Dean’s eye and winked.
“I heard that!” Jody called out.
“Run.”
Jody had tried to talk to him after Sam followed Jack upstairs with the rest of his and Dean’s luggage, but he had shut her down blaming last-minute additions to his pre-festival to-do list. There were no additions as everything had been completed yesterday. He still had a walkthrough to complete tomorrow that would take a couple hours, but outside of that, the lodge was ready for the influx of customers that would arrive starting Thursday afternoon. By Saturday night, the White Spruce Mountain Lodge would be at capacity — minus the one suite reserved for John and Mary Winchester, who weren’t due until Christmas Eve.
“Do I sound insane?”
“Go on, Cas!” encouraged a young blonde standing behind one of the tables. She was in her early twenties.
“That
Dean got on all fours, letting out a low hum as Cas ran his hands down his back and over those globes, giving them a squeeze. If he were reacting like this to just his touch, Cas couldn’t wait until they got to the main event. The idea of Dean as a responsive lover made him hard, which didn’t take much as he was halfway there before now. He quickly ran into the bathroom to grab the fresh tube of lube and one of the condoms from the box he bought the other day.
A few more steps and they had reached their destination. People were milling around the sixty-five-foot tree, adding ornaments, and taking photos. Just beyond was where Scrapyard Dogs would play their first gig in town tomorrow night. To the left of the tree was a long table with bins of ornaments just waiting to be hung. Cas had already hung his along with Jack yesterday after work. He was looking forward to seeing Dean do the honors.
“I think you know how to handle your parents,” she retorted, head cocked so the front half of her sleek, asymmetrical blonde long bob hit her shoulder. “Just be on your guard, like Sam said. Be prepared for anything. Present your case as best you can. Don’t give them an opportunity to find a hole in your defense. One loose thread can unravel everything.”
Once Dean selected his, he frowned upon noticing his friend’s hands were empty. “You’re not participating? I thought we were doing this together.”
He vaguely remembered Jessica winding her arms around one of his as she stood next to him, their seats long abandoned.
“You’re the cool dad who let his son come to a concert on a Friday night?” Dean had flirted shamelessly. He couldn’t help it. This guy was handsome in the sweetest way and how his skin colored at the compliment had Dean’s heart pumping hard in his chest. Don’t even get him started on those eye crinkles.
With a snort, Sam replied, “Dad’s going to be buried in that damn car. Pretty sure he loves it more than either of us.”
“It’s been a decade, Dean. Of course, I’m ready.” The snarl was the only tone Castiel was capable of now that his wish was coming true. He nuzzled Dean’s neck, fully intending to leave a mark or two of his own. Despite his inexperience, he could feel what his man had been doing to his own neck and did the same.
“Milk or dark chocolate?” Curiosity washed over Sam as he ignored his brother’s comments.
Dean took the other chair, leaning back into it. That didn’t feel right, so came forward and rested his forearms on his thighs.
. It’s all we’ve been wanting for you these past few years, Dean.”
“Don’t listen to them, you two,” Mary ordered. “Absence doesn’t make the heart grow fonder. It just makes it hurt. I miss my boys every day and they’ve been out of the house for almost as long as you’ve been here, Cas. There is no severing the cord between a parent and child. It is a bond like no other whether you gave birth to them or not.”
Then, the front door slammed shut.
He understood and made sure John got the message.
As soon as he started, Dean pushed himself out of Cas’ arms and up to a seated position, fixing the pillow behind him so he could use it to recline against the headboard. Cas followed suit. It pleased him to see how seriously Dean took what he was about to tell him. Even more so when Dean took his hand and interlaced their fingers.
“Not your mother.”
As their hosts hadn’t seen
A sex-drunk grin formed on those full lips the closer Dean got. When he reached him, Dean straddled him, the friction from their hard cocks rubbing together eliciting a low, wet moan from each.
“Definitely. It’s just nice to hear it.”
The heat wasn’t suddenly turned way up. It wasn’t a lust-fueled make out session. Just as they had gotten to know each other through their stories earlier, their kisses were another way to connect. It was the most intimate either had been in a long while if Dean read between the lines correctly. Even if he hadn’t, he knew he wasn’t in a hurry for it to end.
A few roadies passed them by, but otherwise they were alone with instrument cases lining the wall opposite and a few speakers or amplifiers. Cas wasn’t sure as he knew next to nothing about what went into making a concert a reality. The look of pure joy on Jack’s face informed him that nonetheless, this was all very cool. That much he did know.
A deep, red blush flooded his boyfriend’ cheeks as Sam and Jessica roared with laughter. Cas could barely contain his own mirth. He eventually gave up, satisfied when Dean joined in.
“Dude, chill. You’ll give yourself a heart attack. I said I’d be here and I’m here. What’s the matter with you?”
Tears pricked Dean’s eyes as he struggled to keep his composure. Of course, Sam wasn’t upset that he had found someone. That was just his insecurities coming to the surface. His brother had been his biggest supporter since Dean could remember, just as he had been for Sam.
Jack stared at his father in shock and pure admiration. “That is such a burn!”
Seeing Jack was thinking what he was, Cas grinned. “If you have a free night coming up, maybe the four of us can do a movie night? We can get those Christmas ones you mentioned.”
That was the night Sam and Dean met Bobby Singer.
Damn did Dean love the confidence of that man. Oh, the things he would love to do to Cas in that sleigh.
“Don’t worry. You’ll meet Missouri soon enough. No doubt she’s been sniffing around about you.” He kissed one of the ass cheeks. “You ready for me, love?”
“He takes awhile to warm to people,” Sam explained. “Like one of those electric heaters.”
after my money! The scales have fallen from my eyes.”
“One year when Jody — that’s Mayor Jody Mills — had to cancel Christmas dinner because she got the flu, Dad and I took the two-hour afternoon tour. Definitely recommend it.”
“Besides, if you don’t make a move, Sam and I will
“Finally! I thought maybe you flaked. What the hell took you so long?”
He told his father he would call him back after talking to Cas. A few minutes later, Cas returned having secured the two sleighs following a pricey negotiation with the horse master Rufus involving a bottle of Johnnie Walker Black. The tension was palpable as he approached his friends, raising an eyebrow at Dean who turned to look at him when he drew near.
It wasn’t Dean who responded, but Sam, irate that his father would condescend to his brother in such a fashion. “You spend thirty seconds with them and suddenly you think you know everything? What gives you the right to tear down their relationship and minimize their feelings?”
“She’ll be fine. It’s been months since she’s seen Mom and she’s looking forward to the plane ride. Dad’s thrilled since it means he’ll have time to finish the latest Stephen King during the flight.”
“I’m sorry to cut this short, but I have a phone call I’ve been expecting and need to take. Please, stay as long as you like. The dessert menu is fantastic as Dean and Sam can attest. I hope to see you at the concert tonight, if not sooner.”
A side of Castiel’s mouth lifted. “You’re keen on trying quite a lot with me.”
find a way to make this work. I’m not going anywhere.”
Dean’s eyes popped open, his mouth slightly agape.
“Maybe. Maybe not. But I do know what I’ve seen this past week. Plus, I know
He moaned after taking that first bite, rolling his eyes up before closing them. Was he really that hungry or was this quite simply the best sandwich he ever had? When he complimented Cas on his creation, his friend shook his head, a rueful grin in place. Cas believed the former while Dean's own beliefs leaned more toward the person who had made it. Not to take away from the sandwich itself because it was damn good. Was that spicy mustard? And romaine with that tomato?
He waited till Cas returned from dropping their bottles into the recycling bin in the mudroom off the kitchen. Not patiently either. Dean had been licking his lips in anticipation the entire ninety seconds the other man had been gone.
and his pitch had won over everyone, Dean’s choice was the first film of the night. He cackled like a demented elf at Cas and Jack’s reactions while it played. It was great watching one of his favorite movies with people for the first time. Even Sam loudly made his feelings known regarding certain scenes as it has been awhile since he had seen it.
Always a team, no music was released without their approval. If one of them liked something and the other didn’t, it wasn’t happening. They had worked their asses off over the years with the support of their parents and Bobby. The boys had moved in with their manager, while they decided where to live during the early years. Luckily, Bobby had an old house with plenty of room. As time passed, he had become part of the family. Sam and Dean trusted him implicitly. He respected them and never abused that trust. There were a handful of other acts Bobby had on his roster that were mostly local, but the Winchesters were his priority.
Not one to take without giving back, Dean nipped at Cas’ earlobe prior to running his tongue over the outer shell of his ear. His fingers dug into Cas’ back as he sucked a mark at the crook of his neck. He made sure to give those nipples some much needed attention, too. The friction from their cocks shifting against each other continued to feed into their arousal.
are you even talking about? Cas is the best man I have ever known. I love him and he loves me and that’s all there is to it!”
Being in Dean’s arms and hearing him confirm how strong their bond was eased a fair amount of Cas’ fears, but the specter of John Winchester and his influence over his sons loomed large. He pulled back enough to see Dean without leaving his embrace.
“Like what?”
Dean prayed.
Her eyes bore into her husband’s, but Dean felt the personal implications of her words as though she explicitly was referring to him. While not the first time he and John had thrown down, this easily could be one of the nastiest battles if it played out the way he feared. He wouldn’t be the one to concede to her wishes, however. That would be his father’s decision.
“Stop picking on me!” Mary pleaded before pointing at her first born, eyes narrowed. “I knew that was you.”
When Dean had come out of the first-floor hallway where his parents’ suite was located a few minutes before twelve-thirty, Cas was behind the front desk with Jack as part of his plan to check in with the various departments to make sure there were no issues ahead of the holiday. Cas had looked up when he heard footfalls on the hardwood, smiling as he saw his boyfriend coming toward him.
The corners of Castiel’s mouth quirked. It was moments like these he appreciated the pop culture upgrade he received some time ago. When hanging out with Dean, it came in handy.
Cas put himself in the parents’ shoes and wow, was that a mistake. A wave of neuroses — led by trepidation, fear, and doubt — washed over him, leaving him stricken. What was he thinking letting Dean move here after only knowing him for a week? Since when he was a lovestruck fool who made decisions with his heart instead of his head? The problem with that theory was that Cas had moved to Snow Falls because he saw Kelly needed him. His heart made the call and his head went along with it because Jack and Helen Kline took pity on him by offering him the job at the lodge.
“Oh, this isn’t about Cas,” Sam informed him. “This is about how nonchalantly you just offered up that info.”
Dean got him up to speed on what had occurred while he was gone. It was obvious to Cas that the brothers wanted to try to reconcile with their father and avoid a true estrangement. The smile that spread across Cas’ lips when his boyfriend agreed to attend made it easy for Dean to extend an olive branch of his own.
“I was a different guy then,” Dean quickly explained while pulling on his parka.
One “yes please” and a quick kiss later, the men started to undress. Dean opened the driver’s side rear door, chucking his jacket and both layers of shirts. He watched as Castiel removed his tie and trench coat, letting out a whimper as his angel tossed them into the backseat on the passenger side. When Castiel started unbuttoning his shirt, Dean’s mood improved. As he turned to drop his boots and socks onto the floor next to him as he sat in the backseat, he froze. There was the one he loved without a stitch of clothing on his person.
Hold on.
Sam and Dean each had similar encounters. Their opponents had been demons and were dispatched accordingly with a demon-killing knife. A few gunshots had rung out during their respective fights, but ultimately the blade finished the job. They were ambushed as soon as they stepped foot inside the mansion.
“No!”
“It is. So get used to it. And tell me anything you want you to try. Actually, just tell me everything.”
Jody couldn’t help but laugh. “Sweetie, it’s fine. You heard Gabe. Everyone’s rooting for you! That’s more than either of us had when I met Donna’s parents and she met my dad. Honestly, you have nothing to lose at this point.”
No way could the man he had dubbed Hot Dad be that good looking and that forgiving. Dean had made a complete and total ass of himself earlier. There was no denying it. To think he hadn’t botched any hope of at least a friendship with Cas blew his mind. And yet, here was this guy with an adorable grin on his face telling him that it wasn’t over yet.
“I am so damn proud of you, too, angel.”
The walls were painted a light mossy green that complimented the hardwood floors and snow white ceiling. There was a closet, its white doors closed, next to the en suite bathroom with the bed sitting opposite and a pair of nightstands on either side. A bureau was nestled in a corner near one of the nightstands. Across from the bedroom door, beneath a pair of windows that looked out over the front yard, was a low bookcase filled with books and framed candid photos of Jack and Kelly (some even included Cas) over the years.
“Thank you,” Dean whispered in Cas’ ear, before dropping a kiss just behind it.
When he couldn’t stand it anymore, Dean took Cas in hand. “Together?”
He swallowed. This was it. His chance to show his parents why him moving to Snow Falls wasn’t the end of days, but the beginning of them. Dean glanced at John, whose features had softened considerably.
As they looked into each other’s eyes, they knew they would keep their word. It wasn’t just them alone anymore. They were a package deal. Neither wanted to break the connection. However, Dean wanted to do something before they got back on the road and headed home.
His eyes were questioning and brow was furrowed. “I get that you're busy and I didn’t exactly endear myself to you yesterday when we got here, but have you been avoiding me? ‘Cause it feels like it.”
“Haven’t I disrupted your time with them enough?” Cas squirmed under the severe look Dean gave him. “I’ll think about it and let you know after the show.”
The night was long with no sense of an end in sight. A quarter moon hung in the blue-black sky shining a sliver of light on the two-lane blacktop that the 1967 Chevrolet Impala traveled. It was as dark the road itself, wheels spinning as it carried its owner to nowhere in particular. Miles stretched ahead and even more lay in its wake. They had been traveling for hours now. A full tank made one problem go away. Five miles back it had been an issue until the driver happened upon an empty gas station with its lights still on and an “open” sign hanging in the window of the small convenience store that sat a few feet behind the pumping station.
Shit.
“Angel. An old acquaintance. Not my first of the night, but hopefully my last.”
A bigger grin appeared on Dean’s lips when he caught a glimpse of the satisfaction in the other man’s features.
“I have you in the suites on the second floor, rooms 23 and 25,” the lodge owner told them as he handed them their key cards one at a time. “Jack will help you bring in your bags.”
have been here for the past nine days watching them flirt, seeing how they light up the damn room whenever they see each other or talk about each other. They get each other. They have a short hand already that blows my mind. I come downstairs and Cas
Dean had been careful to think before he spoke. At least that had been the plan. He had made no promises should his father piss him off again.
Tucked away in his office the next day, Cas let his mind wander between phone calls to vendors regarding delivery schedules. He didn’t want to leave the calls too late in case there were any issues with the festival starting in two days. Thankfully, there were only a handful left to complete. Last night’s phone call with Jody haunted him. Even now, he couldn’t shake her parting words.
Dean pulled a face.  "Well then, I think you made the right choice.  But it would still be nice if the people in these things could actually act."
Dean stopped in at the grocery store on the way home from work to pick up some toothpaste.  He eyed the latest edition of
had happened, it couldn't have, but the more he tried to stop imagining the worst the more he thought about how he'd been when he'd found him.  He felt like he was going to throw up.
They all turned to look at the customer.  Charlie came to stand in the doorway, curious to see what the problem was.
They walked round to the shallow end where Cas sat down at the side of the pool and, as Dean had suggested, dangled his feet into the water.
who owes
Balthazar snorted.  "I'm flattered."
"Bobby," Cas said, sidestepping smoothly around Dean before he could stop him from taking the kitten out of the apartment.
"Hell, I wish
"Where were you?"
"Hey, don't joke about things like that," Dean scolded him as he reached for the lube.
"I want to give this a real shot, Cas, but sometimes I just get this feeling like it's wrong, even though I know it's not and I don't want it to be," he offered, after a few minutes had passed.  "Do you understand?"
"You don't have to do that
A dirty chuckle burst past Dean's lips.  "'Studying'.  Yeah, that's what we
When they got home Castiel insisted on trying on all his new clothes again, which made Dean smile. He didn't tell Cas, but he'd blown at least half his pay packet on him. It was worth it, though. He figured he'd need to place another call to his brother soon. He sighed, and rubbed a hand down his face. What the hell had he become, scrounging of his younger brother every damn time he was struggling?
Eyes widening at the response, he smiled when he noticed Dean's fingers tapping against his leg as he counted.  He moved into Dean's eyeline and nodded:
"Neither do I, Cas, I just want to know where you're going.  I thought you didn't have anywhere else you could go?"
"That's good."
"Why?  It's a wreck."
Dean shrugged.  "I lied."
The good weather that had welcomed Ben upon his arrival left when he did.  It rained all through Friday night, continued all weekend, and was
I think I might have been hungry when I was working on this chapter... ;)
"I can be touchy-feely," Dean promised, sweeping a hand up his side as he leaned closer to press a line of kisses along Castiel's jaw.
Yes.  No.  Maybe.  Three answers rushed into his mouth at the same time - one lie, one truth, and one half-truth - but he swallowed them all down again.  He wasn't alright.  Not by a long shot.  But at least he was alive.
.  Jealousy boiled up inside him.  It was stupid, but he
"Maybe you could ask Jess and set the table for four?" Dean asked, a wicked glint in his eye.
Treading water behind Ben, Dean sighed.  "Of course he likes you, Ben."
"Yes.  No...  Maybe."
"Or a girlfriend," Ash added.  "Just 'cause
"Behind the bar!" she insisted, shooing him round the front of the counter.  "Now, what do you want?"
Dean grinned.  "You're like a little kid."
Dean fell silent, the only sound in the room the soft
"Not as early as I'd have liked," he grumbled in response.
Dean took Cas down to church the next morning, because the trunk was packed with boxes of stuff for the sale. Rather than go home, he opted to kill time browsing through the local book store, but he'd read all the Vonnegut titles they had in stock so he made his way back to the church and waited for him in the car. Castiel was first out and didn't take his gaze from the ground as he walked right past the Impala. Dean gave a short honk of the horn.
, he remembered bitterly.  It had been warm and the sun had shone down on them as they played in the waves.
"That you deserve more than what I'm giving you."
"He got beat up."
Castiel's blood ran cold. His father had wanted to 'sort him out' and now this stranger, who had barged into his life last night, thought he could do the same? How dare he? How dare they both? Just because he wasn't made like other people didn't them the right to walk all over him.
* * *
"Cas, I just don't think I'm really the right person to be asking," Dean went on, hating feeling like he was letting Castiel down.
"Ben?"
"He is, too!  Ben's daddy kissed his sec... seca... secatury and left, and now Daddy Dean's leaving!" she argued determinedly.
"It's been hard for you," Cas agreed.  Licking his lips, he briefly considered not adding anything further.  "You've denied a part of who you are your entire adult life.  That's not an easy thing to reconcile."
"I want to get out of here."
Dean faltered.  He'd never actually
Dean looked torn, but thankfully glanced at his watch and asked, "Do you want to head back now?"
But though he stayed up for a couple of hours to watch some rubbish film on TV, he didn't hear Dean come back.
Dean stared after Bobby as he walked away, his stomach twisting horribly until he dashed to the men’s room and retched into the toilet bowl.  Nothing came up, but he knelt there dry-heaving for several long minutes.  He wasn't embarrassed of Cas.  He
Cas had left Dean lounging in front of the TV later on that night when he headed out to meet Balthazar and Zeke.
"I know you are.  But next time try not to get so carried away, okay?  I want us all to get along and have fun this week."  When Ben didn't say anything straight away, Dean quietly asked, "Do you think maybe you owe him an apology?"
, though, Dean.  Taking baby steps at the start is important so we don't cause more damage than good."
"We missed you last night," she smiled, already pouring him a pint.
Another monkey hopped over from another branch and Dean rested his hand against the glass, laughing when another jumped up to meet him.  Castiel joined them, accidentally-on-purpose nudging his knee against Dean's.  At first Dean shifted and his stomach dropped, but then Dean's knee rested against his and stayed there.
Sam looked at him sadly. "Alright."
Dean paused, clenched fist raised ready to strike back in retaliation, and looked over at Cas.  Castiel shook his head, silently pleading with him to just walk away.  The man from the bar ran at him, a blow to the gut knocking the air out of Dean's lungs, and he fell to the ground.
On the television someone screamed, presumably being murdered, but they didn't know or care who.
Castiel huffed a small, sad laugh.  "I think God would disagree with you.  But thank you."  He glanced at his watch.  "I have to go back to work, now."
A faint pinkness blossomed across Dean's cheeks as he resumed chewing.
"Are you guys having a fight?" Ben asked, staring at them.
than okay," he smiled.
"Shit," Dean whispered.  "I didn't mean to wake you.  I needed my clothes."
was God's will?" Dean scoffed with tears in his eyes.
"I don't need to be looking at you to know you're rolling your eyes at me, Dean."
Dean's expression hardened and he stopped in the middle of the room.  "What would you know?"  The last thing he needed was his brother patronising him.
"But even still... Thank you."
Cas looked at him.  "I like you, too," he smiled, leaning a fraction closer to Dean.  Just for a second.  But when he gave Dean's arm a squeeze he jerked back from Castiel's touch.
"Thanks, mate," Dean said, giving him some money, but the man just grunted and continued packing his van.
"It wouldn't be
"Great."  When their waiter reached their table, a wicked grin spread across Balthazar's face.  "We'll have two
"Don't be.  I know one line I'll be quoting at every opportunity—"
A second was all it took for Dean to say, "Poughkeepsie."
"I take it you don't just mean the ordinary dreams everyone else has where you're falling, or you suddenly realise that you're in the middle of the supermarket and your clothes have vanished," Dean joked, his attempt at levity falling flat.
"Dean?" he asked, putting his mug on the table and kneeling beside the sofa.
he would see about picking up a girl for the night – in his experience, the first female crowd were out to get drunk. It was the ones who came out later who were looking to get laid, so getting too drunk was not on the cards. He grabbed his keys and cast a last look around the place. All going well, he wouldn't see it until tomorrow.
"I'm sorry," Castiel said when the silence had gone on too long. "I know you didn't mean it like that, I just—"
"Really?"
"It's nice to meet you, Dean," Castiel lied as he drained the pasta and split it between the two bowls, before spooning the chicken and sauce over the top.  He carried Dean's over to the table first before retrieving his own and a small tub of grated parmesan, which he sprinkled over the top.
* * *
Dean blushed.  "Thanks.  Anyway, I, uh..."  He tuned the guitar as he spoke.  "I wanted to play something.  For you.  I'm not always good at talking about my feelings and crap, so...  Here goes."
A trolley was wheeled over and he laid Castiel down on it, following the nurses who wheeled him away in a hurry.
"Yeah..." Dean said, watching Cas through the office window.  Then the second half of Bobby's comment sunk in.  "Wait, what?"
Dean had his mouth full again so flashed her a thumbs up, his cheeks bulging as he grinned.
music.  He turned the radio on - an annoying jingle for Biggerson's playing - and made himself comfortable on the cushion he placed on the floor.
"Maybe just a little bit ridiculous," Cas smiled.  "But never stupid."
Cas stepped back and looked from him to the tree.  "You did all this for me?" he breathed.
Dean slammed his glass down so hard it shattered.
As the last piece of the puzzle dropped into place, Dean slung his arm around Cas's shoulders.  "If you could go back, would you?"
Dean shrugged.  "This and that.  Beer.  Cards."
* * *
"Jo told me you were still kind of weird about the whole thing."
Castiel flinched.
Ben darted out of the room, not needed to be told twice that his chores were done.  Dean huffed a laugh and shook his head fondly.  He was - as he knew Lisa was, too - eager for Ben to learn some responsibility; but, at the same time, he was glad the boy had never had the same level of responsibility thrust upon his too-young shoulders as he'd had.
"I think I love you," he whispered.
That was the only thing that should matter, wasn't it?
"He's a good 'un," Bobby noted, casting a sideways glance at Dean.  "He's lucky he ended up with you."
"What about you? Can I offer you a lift home?"
"What do you want?"
"Not until next week," Dean said bitterly.
Dean shivered. He'd had a bad experience with bugs, once. "Bees?"
He lay there and held Cas, who fell back into a peaceful slumber far easier than Dean did.
"You..."
When Pamela realised he wasn't going to say anything else, she pushed.  "What about?"
"But seriously, thanks," he said, surveying the items laid out before him.  "I mean that."
"Hmm?" Castiel replied absently.
Sam had absolutely, positively, said no - he was getting no more money - and neither he nor Cas got paid until the following week.  Not that Cas would be sneaking money into his account anyway.  He was still mulling it over as he pulled up in front of his apartment building.
Dean didn't sleep well that night.  He tossed and turned, occasionally slipping into a fitful doze.  He dreamt that he was a stuffed bear, and Cas and Cassie were children fighting over him; each holding onto an outstretched arm and pulling, pulling, pulling until he thought he'd tear in two.
Dean wrapped an arm around Cas and pulled him closer.  "Can we...  Not tonight?" he asked, when Cas rubbed up against him suggestively.
As Cas left the room, Dean heaped another spoonful of pie into his mouth.  His chewing slowed, however, when he realised that - faced with jogging more or cutting back on all the unhealthy crap he ate - he was losing his appetite for the sweet dessert in front of him.  Dropping his fork onto the plate and swallowing, he carried the plate through to the kitchen and put it back in the fridge.
"But you two live together, right?"
At least it was a nice day, he thought to himself as he turned the hose on the first car.
young."
He trailed his fingers along the bare skin of his throat as he imagined Dean's fingers in place of his own, before rubbing his hand more firmly under the open collar of his shirt, warming the skin there.  Spring couldn't come soon enough - sunshine, flowers, bees...
"I don't—  I don't play.  For people," Dean heard himself saying.
"I'm sorry, I...  I need to go," he said, pushing Benjamin away.
for Dean to kiss him?  That Dean understood
Cas made an attempt to retrieve the page from Dean who, still reading it, held it at arm's length.
"Thank you for your concern, Dean, but it is unnecessary. I am fine."
?" he asked, his voice coming out as almost as high as when he'd hit puberty.
Dean, wishing that Dean would—  He closed his eyes.
"Which way?" Dean asked Ben when the path split three ways.
Chuck looked up at him angelically.
"What if I could get you some help balancing the books?"
Dean glanced at where she and Cas were looking.  A large, oily handprint marked him.  "Great," Dean smirked.  "Now I look like I'm getting molested on the job."
Cas's love, no matter what he thought about himself.
was the one afraid of losing
Castiel face screwed up as he thought.  "That one about rambling?"
"Do you fear that Dean
When they started moving again, it was less about having sex and more about being in love.  Their thrusts were slower, they stared into each other's eyes, and breathed against each other's lips.  They took their time; relishing the fact they were
Dean gave him a small nod of support as a contemplative silence fell among them.
is why I'm thanking you."
of women that way."
"Hmm?  Dean?"
"What do you mean,
Dean's stomach sank.  The last couple of sessions had been intense, and he wished he could take a little time out.  "Oh.  Yeah."
Charlie grinned at him.  "Yeah, I clocked the sticker in the window.  Subtle, but reassuring.  And the way Benny and... who was the other guy?"
"Can I..?" Cas asked hesitantly, slipping his hands just under Dean's shirt.
Dean dropped his cloth and moved behind Cas, resting his hands on his hips as he kissed his neck.  "I thought
They missed the start of the talk but, as it wasn't held
"I'm not having this conversation with you," Castiel told him firmly, slipping the pencil into his book to mark his place and standing up.  "Not now, at least."
Dean looked over to see Castiel holding a long straight shell.
Dean dropped his head and sighed.  "I'm not going to win this one, am I?"
Dean sneezed.  "But
Pamela chuckled.  "It can be."
The corner of Castiel's mouth twitched.  "That's really sweet."
"And you can ride a bike, now, can't you?"  Dean grinned proudly.
done," Cas teased, when he saw the blackened bottom of the burger.
"Yes," Cas replied.  Then he held the phone out to Dean.
"He - or she, I don't know - is a drag queen.  How'd you think 'Queen Street' got its name?"
"Enough for sandwiches."
"He's out back, trying to devise some method of predicting crop circles or whatever.  Something to do with 'subsonic wavelengths' or something like that."  She eyed him up carefully.  "You know, if it's a guy chat you need, I don't think he's going to be able to help much – unless you've got a robot girlfriend that's malfunctioning," she added with a sly grin.
"The marines are navy."
"The little orange ones," Dean pointed.
Dean looked at him.  "You really mean that, don't you?"
His own hostility probably hadn't helped matters, however.  He could concede that
"You drink, you don't go out unless it's to get drunk or laid, you don't celebrate anything—"
He reached into the shower and turned the dial almost all the way up.  As he stripped down, he thought back to when he'd first decided he was staying.  For the first few weeks, at least, he'd never taken a shower that was anything more than lukewarm. Hot water had seemed like a luxury to him after so long cleaning himself with cold tap water in public restrooms, but as the months passed he'd started turning the dial closer and closer to the little red dot.  Now he
Slowly, Dean turned to him.  "I think," he began, searching for the rights words - he didn't think words had ever been his strong suit.  He clasped Castiel's hand as he tried again.  "What we have, I think it means more to me than anything I've ever had with anyone else.  I've come so far since I've met you - being with you makes me a better person, and I...  I..."
"But what if—"
.  I believe I owe myself and Dean a second chance."
"Home," Dean mumbled.
"You've got to jerk off to
It seemed to take an eternity for the elevator to climb the three storeys to Dean's apartment, but eventually there was a
"Yeah," Dean agreed proudly. "He is."  A moment passed before he turned to look at Cas.  "Are you thinking about having a family again?"
"Oh, are we making this a competition?" Dean joked.  "Because in that case, I'm more than more than okay."
"The way he's looking at you, I'll be surprised if he doesn't eat
"They're all past it's sell by date," Castiel said.
Castiel let his head roll to the side until it was resting on Dean's shoulder.  "Thank you."
Cas opened his mouth to respond but, before he could, Benny nudged him in the ribs and joked,  "Hurry along home, now, Cas - got to have dinner on the table for when Dean comes home like a good little househusband!"
"I don't mind – I'll just be a minute."
"He also said to make sure I told you that next year if you don't book your holidays he's not going to give you them."
"Cas," Castiel smiled.
Cas lifted his head up, but wouldn't look at him.
the right thing."  Dean scooped pancetta cubes onto his fork and shoved them greedily in his mouth.  "What kind of stuff do you say to her?  I mean I'm not asking for details, 'cause I figure it's private stuff - just generally speaking?  I've never really gotten the whole counselling thing."
Pamela clasped her hands in front of her and pursed her lips thoughtfully.  "I
"Only if you don't come back to it later.  In this instance it's not avoidance, it's compartmentalising; allowing you to get on with the day-to-day activities in your life."
it meant nothing.  Reaching for his glass, he took a sip of water before placing it back on the table.  But something had made him blurt it out.
"The usual crowd – Bart, Meg, Zeke, and some others I don't think you've ever met."
"Like it's too small?"
"You...  You
take a closer look at his virtues once in a while.
Cas remained silent, waiting.
Dean didn't have to call Ben by his name for Cas to know who he was talking about.  He reached out to touch Dean's arm lightly, just enough to coax him out of his thoughts.  "Come on," he said, leading the way back to the front yard again.  "Let's go home."
"Thanks," he said.
"No, it's not."
"Now, leave Dean alone so he can finish that car before Cas trades him in for a younger model," Bobby told the unhappy cat.
The bathroom felt colder than usual as he stripped off, the hairs on his body standing up on end.  He turned the shower dial up a couple of notches, hissing as the hot water hit his skin.  After a few seconds, however, it started to feel pleasant.  Stretching his neck from side to side, he began to feel angry about what Cas had done.  It was irrational, he knew that, and it didn't matter that he didn't hate it because Cas shouldn't have done it in the first place.
"I couldn't breathe."
Even hundreds of miles away, Cas could feel Sam's embarrassment.  "He loves you very much," he told him, to try and ease his discomfort.  And, because it was the truth.
"Okie-dokie.  Well I'll start filling in the paperwork and I'll see you when you get here," she told him cheerily.
"Do you still want to go out for lunch?" Cas asked.
"And there were hands.  Lots of hands.  Kind of like that scene from
"I look
Castiel let out the breath he hadn't realised he was holding, then swallowed.  "Yes."
to say, but trying to say it in a way that wouldn’t risk Dean taking offence was harder.
The question stunned Dean.  "What?" he croaked.
They were currently standing in front of a large cabinet displaying hundreds of species of beetles, from Mexican elephant beetles to your regular garden ladybird.
"Your friend?"
Castiel watched as his friend tucked into his salad, wondering how the two of them had hit it off so well when they were completely different.  Their lives, their personality, even their age...  Balthazar was older, with laughter lines permanently etched around his eyes.  They made him look wise and, well,
"So.  Adler, huh?"
"You need to stop."
The man turned and looked at him, bright blue eyes sparkling.  "You should be in bed," the older man scolded him gently.
Dean blinked twice.  "Okay."
"Is there anything you can think of that
"Oh, yeah," Dean replied, immediately turning the TV off and standing up.
Castiel moved out of the way so Dean could find the DVD.
Dean swallowed.  "Oh, yeah," he said, immediately attacking his dinner with his cutlery again.  "How's your crab?"
"Now which one of these guys would you say looks like a 'Sam'?"
Dean swallowed.  "Yeah, she's probably good, too."
"Then use them.  I'll meet you there."
"A lack of physical intimacy can be detrimental to the health of a relationship," she started carefully.  "But then you did say Ben was only staying for a week, yes?"
The next day Cas stood wide-eyed in Bobby's office, surveying the several piles of documents piled up to two feet high and balanced precariously on desk corners, staplers, and various other uneven surfaces.
and SELFISH that is Sa—"
"Yeah."
"I'm home!" Dean called, the door handle slamming against the wall as he threw it open.  "Shit!" he muttered.
Dean looked slightly sheepish as he tried to explain. "Uh, yeah—"
"Which is it?"
"I'm sorry if I upset you," he said, breaking the silence as they entered their apartment building.  "Bringing up Lisa," he clarified when Dean shot him a confused look.
"Oh.  Sorry."
Castiel smiled at Dean, remembering the little aquarium by the beach he had taken him to, as Ben studied the map.
Castiel's face seemed to soften.  "I don't even know your name," he pointed out, a hopeful smile tugging at his lips.
"Now you're no longer on a couch in my office - picture yourself lying on a sun lounger, eyes closed, alone on a tropical island.  You can hear the waves, breaking on the shoreline...  You can smell the salty ocean mist...  The air is warm, but a cool breeze blowing through the tropical forest behind you keeps you cool.  Can you see the beach?"
When he had bubbles halfway up to his elbows, he heard unsteady footsteps making their way up the hallway.  He thought that one of his flatmates must have forgotten something, until an unfamiliar voice said, "That smells
The waiter's smile didn't reach his eyes, where his disgust was obvious.
"This is my stop," she interrupted, getting to her feet.
"Thank you," Castiel said, pocketing the card.  He didn't think he'd be calling the sheriff, however, for he knew how Dean felt about strangers poking their noses in his business.  "For everything," he added, when Jody said nothing else.
Damn, well done, Cas!"
"That's different from 'he deserves better than me', which is what you've said before," she pointed out.  "One puts you down, the other raises him up."
Dean rolled him over, snorting and grunting his way along Cas's jaw and neck and up to his ear.  "If I'm an octopus, then you're a pig," Dean chuckled between grunts.  His shoulders shook as his laughter ebbed.
"Course I do.  Now get out there and make sure he eats something."
Dean's stomach churned.  He hadn't considered this.  "But I've still got a few months left on the old lease - I can't afford to pay that off."
* * *
"Oh, yeah.  She wants you to call her when I arrive."
"But I also know you are the most patient person I've ever met, and I think it's a small miracle that you've supported me this long.  But if you're fed up with waiting, can you stop with the supportive comments?  Because they just make me feel like shit when I know I'm letting you down."
"Well that's just stupid."
There were so many things Castiel wanted to say to Dean:  "We're early," because there was no-one else here yet; "I thought you weren't religious?" for he didn't understand why Dean was coming in with him; "I hate you for this."  But he said nothing.
a while ago.  John Cusack had this idea that you go through heartache so the universe lets your heart grow back bigger, or something.  I thought it was a load of BS at the time, but now I think that maybe he was right."  She cupped his chin, ensuring she had his full attention, before telling him, "You've got a lot of love to give that poor boy, if you can fix things with him."
"Where the hell's the beer?" Dean asked, poking around in the fridge.  "I might be a bit fuzzy on last night, but I
"Did you, uh, ever go?  To a soup kitchen?  When you were..."
"You couldn't have just said, 'We had sex' and left it at that?  I didn't need - or want - all the gory details, than you very much.  I like dick about as much as you like pussy."
"Theory is easy," Cas stated.  "It's
Once Bobby left the office, Dean rounded on Cas and kissed him.
"You're uncomfortable," Cas realised.
from the librarian.
"I'm nervous," Cas muttered, eyes darting around the packed club.
"I don't think I could afford it."
"It's not like I expect you to
"We can mail it out to you," Cas assured him, staying out of their way as they carried the bags out into the hallway.
to keep me right - "A therapist wouldn't say this! A therapist wouldn't make her patient feel like that!"
"Let me make one thing clear," Pamela told him later.  "It's
"Fine," he grumbled.
they can't help it, but—"
"Depends," the Latino guy said.  "Is it going to be worth my while?"
, actually.  He kept thinking about what he'd done, and how there was no going back from it.  He couldn't even pass it off on him being drunk because he'd only had a couple of beers.  Fuck...  What had he done?
A few minutes later, another oxygen break. Dean took the opportunity to duck into the en suite bathroom, letting Cas know that he should feel free to divest himself of his clothes. Before he disappeared for a few minutes, Dean kissed him along enough to undo Cas’ belt and pants.
Cas didn’t know where this sudden confidence and flirtatious nature were coming from. Seeing Dean’s green eyes brighten at his reply only encouraged him to keep it up. Even if whatever happened only lasted a week, it was better than forever wondering
comprised of the songs featured in the story.
“What?” Dean shook his head. “You’re giving me shit because of some asinine reason your alcohol-fueled brain spit out years ago? What’s the matter, Bobby? Afraid I’m going to invade your turf if I move here to be with my boyfriend? Do you rag on Jo for growing up here?”
As a bonus, here's a
All those disagreements and savage verbal take-downs where each drew metaphorical blood had taken their toll on Dean. The many times Castiel had vanished from his life, whether by choice or by banishment, also had worn him out. Their relationship was far from perfect, but it meant the world to him. He had thought he had lost Castiel more times than he could count only for the angel to return. What if this time it was for real? Dean shook his head to clear the blasphemous thought from his mind.
“Yeah, I am. Aren’t you with me?”
“What if your dad doesn’t come around? I won’t have you giving up your family for me. No matter how much it will kill me to let you go. They are too important to simply toss aside over a disagreement.”
Bobby’s eyes were wet and, when Dean turned his head to his left, so were Sam’s. Dean hadn’t really given much thought to how being with Cas had impacted him, but apparently his family had. He wondered if his parents would also see a difference. Probably. They knew every little thing about him.
“You told them to play this?”
They lay on the floor for some time before moving to the bed. Once they made themselves comfortable under the covers, Cas decided to tell Dean about Bal. He hated bringing up the bastard, especially given how perfect tonight had been, but Dean had already sensed there had been pain brought on by lovers in his past. It seemed dishonest not to tell him the truth.
“I really hope it’s the chocolate ganache cheesecake,” Donna interceded not so innocently. “That is to
“I haven’t and I’m totally serious. I have my eye on the town rental since it’s
“Sammy!” Dean’s voice was an octave lower than normal, but that was usual when he barked his brother’s name. “What are you doing? We gotta be on in seven minutes and you’re, what? Signing autographs? You wanna be constructive? Help me look for—”
The blush that singed Cas’ cheeks and the beatific smile that caressed his lips affected two organs of Dean’s in similar ways. His heart swelled as the beat became wilder while his cock plumped up nice and firm.
Now, with everyone situated at the table, there was easy small talk among those seated while a waiter came by to pour water and deliver menus. Once their orders were taken, John took charge of the conversation and aimed it at their host.
devour me.”
“No. This is
It was going to be amazing.
“Jack. Ohmigod! Are you Cas’ son?”
“How about we unwrap each other?” Dean followed suit, pleased that Cas was as turned on as him. He liked the feel of his nice, long cock. His fingers slipped inside the keyhole fly, skimming along a portion of Cas’ shaft.
Dean sat up with a smirk on his lips. “Brat.”
Ellen Harvelle was the mother of Scrapyard Dogs’ guitarist Jo Harvelle, who had been born and raised in the town. It was Ellen who had gone to Jody in support after hearing Cas had suggested the band takeover Winter Festival duties when the mayor’s original choice had bailed. She was damn proud of her daughter and would tout her success whenever she could. Jo had never wanted to drag the boys to her hometown, thinking they would believe she was taking advantage of their friendship. Her mother couldn’t argue with her logic and never pushed.
“Oh, lighten up, Bobby!” Jody chortled. “I'm joking! Claire’s not sticking around for dinner. She and Jack are going to meet up with friends.” His reaction to that piece of news tickled her even more. “Wow. I think Santa needs to give you a sense of humor for Christmas. Or maybe just remove the stick up your ass.”
Honestly, Cas wasn’t sure if he believed him, but he wasn’t going to hold a grudge. If that’s all that it was, then so be it. He would find out soon enough. The brothers were here through the Sunday after Christmas. In a town this size and with them staying at his lodge, avoiding each other would be difficult. Though Cas knew he could make it happen if that’s what Dean wanted.
“I didn’t mean to worry you, Dean. I’m sorry. As soon as I could, I sought you out. Your prayers helped a great deal. Yours and Sam’s, but especially yours.”
“It will still be our song, Jack. That will never change.”
Fifteen minutes later, Dean and Sam walked into the front entrance of the White Spruce Mountain Lodge. A two-story building that stretched out to cover three acres, it held twenty-four rooms, two suites on each floor; a main area; a formal dining room; and state-of-the-art kitchen. There were also four private cabins with their own private balconies. The foyer gave off a homey feel despite the hotel trappings.
At five-foot-eight-inches, Gabriel had longish blond hair, was three inches shorter than Cas and always had a smile on his face. It took Cas awhile to work out who or what Gabriel reminded him of until one day, when watching him make a caramel macchiato, it hit him. Marmaduke, the enthusiastic Great Dane from the comics who was loveable despite the chaos that swirled around him.
“Glorious,” he sighed.
She could see the apprehension leaking from his pores and wanted to calm his nerves. “Actually, one spot is along Main Street. You probably passed it when you came in. It’s the spot for the tree lighting concert. Very low key, troubadour feel. I can show you where you'll be playing all ages afternoon gig, too. Your big show is at a special venue, which I can show you tomorrow.”
Instinctively, Dean’s hand went straight for where his angel’s cock should be and there it was, hard as a fucking rock. He pulled back to look at his love. “I want us to both get off tonight. I don’t want layers between us. I want you to be the only person I make love to in Baby from now on.”
“I was a huge fan of Snow Falls, South Dakota, the second I saw how much you folks love Christmas.”
Jody had wanted to fire Bal’s ass on the spot the second Cas had told her what had happened, but it was Cas who had told her not to bother. Despite feeling like a total ass for letting his guard down, and allowing Bal into his and Jack’s lives, Cas couldn’t deny the interloper was damn good at his job. He had already started noticing an uptick in reservations for Christmas week that year, which meant word had been getting out about the Winter Festival.
Castiel pushed a smile onto his lips as he struggled to catch his breath. His eyes were lit up as though powered by stars. “Even better, I hope.”
“Hey, Dean,” Jess called out, getting his attention. “Sam told me about the place in town you have your eye on. Have you heard from the Realtor?”
“And when do I get to meet Cas?” Bobby’s precision never failed to impress Dean. He was a sniper, who as far as he knew had yet to miss a target.
Removing his fingers, he coated his sheathed cock with a plentiful helping of lube. Then, he lined himself and carefully pushed himself inside. A series of low moans came from deep within him the further he went, pausing to give Dean time to adjust, until he bottomed out.
“Guys, not everyone celebrates. Calm down.”
He had a family.
“You’re real.” Astonishment radiated from Castiel. “We’re real. This is real.”
Now, as they sat on Baby’s hood, so close their shoulders touched, Castiel had to admit it was a good suggestion. The lake was lovely as was the surrounding woods, which gave them a veil of privacy he appreciated considering he had a fair idea of what was still to come. Only once had he had sex with another person and he had been human at the time. Initially, he had thought she was a nice girl named April Kelly. In truth, she was a reaper who had seduced him to get information on Metatron, the scribe of God. Although, there was that intense kiss with a demon friend named Meg. Both were dead. Only one of those deaths filled him with sorrow.
The young man pointed his fore- and middle fingers at his own eyes and then at Dean’s, mimicking Dean’s own gesture from earlier in the evening. “You minding your manners?”
“Done.”
to Cas and Jack’s amusement and to Sam’s annoyance.
“It’s true,” Sam admitted. “You should see him get worked up watching
“Exactly! I felt the same way.” Assuring himself and Sam was easier than Dean expected. “We got the upper hand by the skin of our teeth. Took us a few minutes to get even a tenth of our energy back. I’m still a little shook.”
“Oh, yeah, that guy. Perhaps his luck has changed, after all. Or maybe Santa took pity on him and gave him his present early.
Love filled his heart till it burst and radiated out of him as he kept his eyes on Dean while part of him seemed to be on stage with his boyfriend. Like with Dean, the rest of the world faded away till it was only them and the music. He had received the best Christmas gift when Dean walked into the White Spruce Mountain Lodge more than a week ago. The man wasn’t a mere holiday present though. Cas couldn’t see his life without him in it. Now that Dean was officially moving to town, that one-year lease would be a teaser of what living in proximity would be like.
Talk turned to Dean’s impressions of Snow Falls so far (highly positive). He was particularly impressed by the venues where Scrapyard Dogs would be playing. Each one had its charms and he liked how they grew in stature with each concert. The town square would be strictly acoustic and guitars only, which suited him and Sam just fine. At the park, the amphitheater allowed them to go electric, bringing in a drum kit and stage piano.
Out of sheer curiosity and because he had no idea what he was doing, Castiel tentatively stuck in his finger up to the first knuckle. He heard Dean whimper. A good sign. In and out. In and out. On the third go, he let sink in up to the second knuckle. Castiel made another circular motion while his finger was still inside Dean. It fascinated him to watch the hole open some.
To prove his point, he rubbed their precum over both cocks, mixing the fluids as he did so. Slowly, his hand moved up and down their shafts with Castiel keeping pace so they worked as one. As predicted, the precum worked fine. The friction sent a warm sensation to the base of their spines, edging its way up bit by bit until it overtook them. Castiel’s hand mostly covered Dean’s cock while Dean’s did the same with Castiel’s, the heat that built up was emotional as well as physical.
“You sure about that?” his brother teased.
“Dean.” Sam had used his serious voice so that his brother would listen. “You didn’t fuck things up with Lisa. She would be the first to tell you that. There were a lot of things going on at the time. You tried like hell to make it work. It just didn’t. As for Benny, you were coming to terms with your sexuality while trying to start your first relationship with a man. You were all over the place. But we both know you came out better and stronger because of him.”
“First of all, you
As Dean was about to end the call, John added, “Thank you, Dean.”
Cas smiled wide. “I am more than good, love. I just convinced myself it wasn’t going to happen. Was it too difficult to make it work?”
Finally, Castiel couldn’t wait anymore. He snaked his tongue inside his lover, working it to the best of his limited ability. When it grazed something soft and fleshy, this got a bigger than normal reaction from Dean.
scared him. It didn’t solely mean the good; the bad was in there, as well. He swallowed the dread that crawled up his throat.
“Why is that? I just assumed you had your own place.”
Of course, it worked. His heart tripped when she called Dean his boyfriend. He was falling for the musician, there was no doubt. There were bigger questions looming, but he wasn’t addressing them now. Not when he had the subject of said queries waiting for Cas to take his seat next to him.
“I don’t want you beating yourself up over that. Our lives are not normal. I know this. We’re constantly battling for our lives, the lives on this planet. We even stopped Armageddon. Demons, angels, and everything in between are charging at us.
Dean now understood why house porn was a thing. As soon as he saw it, he knew he wanted the place for himself. He could always fix it up if the interior weren’t up to snuff. Somehow, he didn’t think that would be the case. His gut told him the house was just right inside and out. Sure enough, the interior photos on the website only whetted his appetite more. Recessed lighting. Hardwood floors. A decent sized yard with a patio and a grill. Two bedrooms, one master and one guest, and a full bath. Plus, it came fully furnished.
Glancing at Jody, Sam rolled his eyes. “The loves of my brother’s life: pie, music, and that car.”
“For a moment, I thought he was happy to see me,” he admitted forlornly. “There was this light in his eyes that flared later when I handed him his key card.”
“Just making sure we’re on the same page.”
Throughout the movie, their hands would brush when reaching inside the bowl to the point that when they weren’t going for the popcorn, Dean would take his hand. That simple gesture sent a chill up Cas’ spine.
Sam shattered the tender scene with his commanding tone. His voice always dropped an octave-and-a-half lower when he took charge.
Dean was wearing a burgundy suit with a white button-down dress shirt and a plum skinny tie. There were black boots on his feet.
“Jack’s going to college in the fall.”
“I feel blessed, too. I wish you meant what you said about not going anywhere,” Cas said wistfully as he drew lazy shapes over Dean’s abs.
What a fool he had been not to see it sooner. Some of Dean’s body language recently reflected what Castiel had been beginning to understand. It felt too much of an ask for his love to be reciprocated. One of the brothers (he couldn’t remember if it was Dean or Sam) had once explained the term
To his delight, his friend didn’t mind. For the next hour, Cas told him the story of him and Kelly. How they had met at Northwestern University their junior year when they opted to study abroad in Paris. They had bonded over their love of art and hung out a lot at the Louvre.
Just as Dean swallowed, the scales fell from Castiel’s eyes.
Sam was enjoying this scene immensely. It was extremely difficult for him to keep a straight face and he nearly choked on his own laughter, trying to keep it contained. Bobby shot him a look. He nearly combusted.
where Bing Crosby sang “Counting Your Blessings” to Rosemary Clooney. Dean loved that Cas enjoyed the movie as much as he did. Maybe they could even watch it one night while he was in town.
inspire me. Every day.”
Taking Dean’s free hand, the angel sucked on his fingers, his eyes never leaving his lover’s. Dean licked his lips as watched, praying he didn’t come right then. Their mouths found each other again and again until they reached the edge. Just before they stepped off, they pulled back so they gaze into each other’s eyes. It was Castiel who commanded Dean to “Look at me.”
“Jess tell you to say all this? She is the brains of the relationship.”
“Go see about getting us a couple of sleighs, brat,” Dean ordered gleefully once he caught his breath.
“It’s okay, Cas. Really.” Dean leaned forward, clasping the other man’s wrist with his free hand. “We’re just getting to know each other. Not gonna lie, it was unexpected. But I was more surprised by learning you're not Jack’s bio dad. You two are so freaking similar.”
“Everything is fine, Dad. They’re just talking.” Jack had put a hand on Cas’ arm after seeing the concern in his eyes after Dean walked off with Sam. “If it was an emergency, they would have just left.”
Dean turned to look at his brother, lifting a corner of his mouth. “That baby is gonna be mine one day. Hell or high water, she’s mine.”
Now in the lobby of the lodge, his insecurities squelched, Dean’s heart was full as the people he loved most were here with him. He and Sam hugged everyone — with Jessica getting a very warm welcome from her boyfriend. John Winchester teased Dean if that was what they had to look forward to when they met Cas later. His dad laughed and his mom swooned at the blush that colored their oldest son’s cheeks.
Dean rolled his eyes. Okay that was just obnoxious. Shaking his head, the corner of his mouth lifted. The phrasing was cringeworthy, but the sentiment sure as hell wasn’t wrong.
“Next year,” Cas confirmed, meeting his eyes. “I think you’ll enjoy it. Besides, I fear Jack will ditch us for Claire as soon as all the presents are opened.”
He put Baby in park and turned off her ignition. The low rumble purr ceased. Silence surrounded them. For a long moment, Dean stared out the windshield, watching the ripples on the water made by the light breeze. It really did look like it was made of crystals. The scene calmed him as did the presence of the only person he really wanted to be with tonight.
Santa Claus let out a jolly “Ho ho ho!” after lighting the tree, wishing one and all a merry Christmas. Cas was reminded why he loved the Winter Festival so much despite the onslaught of people attending in recent years. This sense of community and fellowship was rare in today’s world. When you found yourself immersed in it, it was the most precious thing one could experience. He wished he could share it with Dean only to realize he was. Perhaps it wasn’t in the way he would have wanted, but that didn’t make it any less special.
“Dean … are you and Cas….” Sam stared at him wide-eyed, hope playing on his features.
Perhaps to an outsider, it would look like any other meeting. To Cas, it felt as though a connection had been made. He hadn’t expected anything when Jack had called him over from his spot against the wall. In fact, he wasn’t even sure why his son had done so in the first place. Of course, Jack and he were tight. Closer than most parents and their children. They were best friends. Confidences were shared that kept the cord between them tethered. It was easy talking to Jack and his son seemed to feel the same.
“He does this every fucking time,” Sam grumbled.
Dean raised an eyebrow. “You are not asking him forty questions.”
“You have been a Godsend this week,” he told him as he pressed their foreheads together. “I am eternally grateful to you for putting up with my rubbery emotional state. You are my rock. I love you so much.”
Once in Coldwater, the house was easy to find as it was literally the only mansion in the town’s limits. At this point, it had become painfully obvious this was a trap. Grabbing the essential tools needed from the weapons compartment in Baby’s protected trunk — under the lid was a pentagram and various sigils — the trio headed toward the house. They split up only to discover just how deep they were in it.
Their trepidation was understandable considering how horribly their last meal together went. However this time, he knew there was nothing to fear.
, he reminded himself — and was only in town for a gig that would net his album some extra publicity while putting his band in the spotlight for their seasonal goodwill.
, right?
“Both probably. I love them to death, but they can lil bitches.” He popped what was left of his sandwich into his mouth. “What time do you want to pick me up? I’m assuming we’ll meet in the lounge where we were earlier or whatever you call it here.”
“Perfect! We really appreciate you doing this, mayor,” Dean said. “The town tour and everything.”
The same goodness that would be there for him every day from now on.
A prolonged search of the house and grounds had turned up empty.
It was a Cas song as far Dean was concerned and if he didn’t mind hearing it again (and he honestly doubted it would be an issue), then the matter would be settled. He walked offstage to where Cas and Jack had watched the show from the wings. Seeing the
“More like nobody’s business,” Jody told him.
“What do you say, angel? Shall I sing it again? Or should I give to Sam or Jo?”
He took his time as much for himself as for Dean. From what he picked up reading erotica — the films were good for a quick fix, but he found he preferred the written word — slow and steady was the best course. Like the turtle and the hare. Would that make him the hare? There was a vibration device called The Rabbit that women tended to favor. (He binged every episode of
“I volunteer to be your teacher.”
Grateful for Sam’s loyalty not only to Dean, but also to him, Cas smiled. “Absolutely. With appropriate notice.”
Dean snapped back into the present where he was walking on the sidewalk with his brother and the mayor. “No one. I’m just taking in everything. It’s not every day you get to live in Christmasland.”
“She’s cool,” Sam attested. “She’s not afraid to roast Dean.”
“Yeah, well….” He swallowed, suddenly completely nervous. “It’s a work in progress. I wrote the first draft a couple days ago, but I’m still tweaking it.”
Jack shook his head. “Of course, he would. I guess we can share it with him.”
Dammit. That was close.
“Angel or demon?”
“Yeah, I know what movie it is, Sam. Why the hell are you watching it when you know I’m coming to get you for our night out?”
His son's eyes narrowed as Dean was clueless to the machinations of John’s mind. “What the
“I can’t believe it’s over. All those years. Gone in the blink of an eye.”
The hope in his brother’s voice when he asked his question had broken Sam’s heart. “That is exactly what I’m saying. You both have been through so much. Just take him and don’t let him go.”
“He didn’t ask. Besides, I thought it would be a nice surprise.”
He watched Dean admiringly as the sun-kissed, fit younger man with the brown, sculpted hair crawled toward the driver’s side door. Castiel couldn’t take his eyes off that perfect ass as it hung in the air while Dean reached under the seat in search of a clean towel. The angel licked his lips while he fought an insatiable urge. One that involved gripping those cheeks and burying his face in his lover’s ass. Lust was a new sensation for him. Longing he was used to, but this was … good. He shook his head to clear it of such thoughts.
A shrug was Dean’s response. He was silent for a moment. “Well, we all can’t be lucky enough to find the love of our life when we’re eighteen.”
“Good. Chicks dig scars so that means I’m still ahead in the looks department.”
As much as he hated to admit it, two-and-a half years after his last relationship and he was still hesitant to put himself on the line for anyone. Damn if the attractive father didn’t make him want to risk it.
At this, Dean picked up his head, gazing quizzically at his lover. “Is that really the best you can do?”
He was greeted by a roll of the eyes. Castiel then captured his mouth, deepening the kiss almost immediately. When he broke it, he saw his man’s pupils were blown. He suspected his own were the same.
Mary laughed as they came to a stop in the wings a few feet from the stage, where Scrapyard Dogs were performing the Barenaked Ladies/Sarah McLachlan version of “God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen” with Sam and Jo singing the main vocals as Dean harmonized with Sam.
Now, Cas was sitting up, the bedding pooling around his waist hiding his sweatpants. The tee had ridden up around his midsection. Damn, did that image of Cas’ stomach peeking out wake up his cock. His mussed brown hair only added to the sexiness.
Now, Cas burst out laughing. He started walking again, Dean in step with him. “No, you’re safe. You’ll probably even get one of the cabins.”
“Oh, stop it. I never said anything like that. I think someone is homesick and wants an excuse to come visit more often.” Ellen mimicked her daughter, nodding in her direction.
The warmest smile lit up Cas’ face. “I have no game. It’s been years and obviously I don’t know what I’m doing. I can’t remember the last time I made a new … friend.”
“That’s sweet, but it’s not what I want.” He leaned over brushing his lips against Dean’s, then kissing him softly. “I didn’t tell you about him so you could beat the crap out of him. I told you so you could understand why I may be shy and hesitant occasionally despite wanting you more than I’ve ever wanted anyone. I want to enjoy you, us, what we have. For however long we may have it.”
He grinned when he heard Castiel laugh from the passenger side of the front seat. Quickly, he undid his belt buckle and removed his jeans along with his underwear.
Cas rubbed his back and pressed his lips to his shoulder. “We’re starting this honesty thing now, huh? Okay.”
The more time they had conversed, the more Cas had started seeing past the aesthetic to the man within. He saw someone with a quick wit who had a passion for his music and who took the time to get to know his fans a little before giving them the coveted autograph they had initially sought. Watching him with Jack had endeared Dean to Cas even more. Up close, Cas saw the musician’s green eyes light up when talking of the playlists Jack made or of Dean’s brother and father. They really were a lovely mossy color.
“You were supposed to be the nice one, Cas,” Sam admonished, his mood mirroring Jack’s. “I was really hoping you would be a good influence on him.”
“Yeah, he and I,” Dean had jerked his head in his brother’s direction, “are always sending each other playlists or just individual songs and albums. It’s an addiction that we blame our dad for.”
Benny Lafitte was a burly bear of a man with a heart as big as him. They had met in his stomping grounds of New Orleans while Dean was getting a feel for the life of a musician while playing with a rock band he had befriended while working the bar circuit around Lawrence, Kansas, with Sam prior to the younger man heading to Stanford. Dean was with them for eighteen months and the education he received was better than any he would have attained at a four-year school in his opinion.
When Castiel came, Dean swallowed as much as he could. He kissed his boyfriend after the angel finished so he could theoretically taste himself. Castiel loved it. Not only because he liked the sensation of his own cum on his tongue, but because it was Dean who was serving it to him. It was almost as if he was tasting
“What’s wrong?”
Cas was shocked. It was one thing for him to bring up the possibility to Dean as a hypothetical situation. To be accused of such an act by John Winchester made his fears take root as he saw his future grow darker by the second.
“Come on, the town square is up ahead. I’ll show you where you’ll be playing Friday night as part of the festival’s tree lighting ceremony.”
Despite not being much of a religious man, Cas loved hearing Dean using that term of affection. He had no idea what made Dean say it, but he could get used to it. There was nothing about the man in his bed that he couldn’t get used to and he was confident he would get the opportunity to put that thought to the test.
Cas beamed at him, warmth and love emanating from him so intensely it took Dean’s breath away. “Yes. I want you here with me however that works out with your schedule. We’ll sit down later and figure it all out. Or at least enough to give a sense of what your living in town will look like. I’m sure getting that rental won’t be an issue. You can tell me your reasons for wanting the place while we skate. Or you can share them later at my place.”
His own hands had now found their way under Dean’s black tee, the long-sleeved burgundy button-up he wore over it was open as always. It astounded Castiel how solid this man felt under his touch. Those fingers went all the way up that fit chest (Dean gasped when they hit his nipples) and down his back and over his sides.
“Go. Let me free Cas first. We’ll be right behind you.”
Christmas tree in town waiting for you to add the perfect ornament to one of its boughs.”
There was no doubt he liked the idea. Hell, Cas loved the idea. However, he decided to take Dean’s advice and think it over. It was entirely possible he could have a change of heart.
“As I would for you, Dean. I meant what I said earlier. We
Those blue eyes narrowed shrewdly. “I see. Trying to pilfer my lunchmeat and condiments. Guess it’s lucky we ran into each other as I make a mean sandwich.”
“Pie and snow?” Dean hoped like hell that was the case, not sure which he was more excited about.
He grinned. “Nope.”
Which brought him back to his current predicament. The more he thought about it, the thought of staying away from the musician didn’t sit right with him. Maybe he should test the waters and see if yesterday was just a fluke? Couldn’t hurt. Thinking about Dean made the corners of his mouth curl up.
“Time for bed. You have a shift on the front desk at eleven.”
“If you two had been wasting your time being a bunch of lazy asses, yeah, I would have been. But I haven’t seen you like this in a very long time.”
“Yeah, well, the more I thought about it, the more stupid it seemed. I’ll be on the road for roughly that, which will leave me hardly any time to actually live here. A year was the smarter deal.” Dean smirked. “Like you’re going to kick my ass out of town after six months.”
He was testing the waters, curious to see how far Castiel wanted to take things. Slow and steady had always been his angel’s pace and sex wasn’t something you heard about in relation to angels. Dean had no issues with that. If all they did was make out, maybe grind a little, that was fine with him. Should it be necessary, he would just take care of himself in private. In the woods.
“Boyfriends.”
had been his mother’s reply when as a teenager he once asked how that was possible. It had comforted him then as well as now.
Jessica squealed. “This is going to be so much fun!”
Castiel looked at him with his wide eyes filled with understanding and forgiveness. “Dean, there was no way you could have known. I know you and Sam did the best you could. I heard your prayers.
It was just the tip of the iceberg, Dean was certain, and he wanted to know every possible detail. He wanted to share himself with Cas, too. As far as Dean was concerned, he was an open book. Yeah, some of it would be difficult to share, but he wanted to tell his friend everything. Thinking on the mysteries the night still held, he let out a calming breath.
Sam sat next to his brother on the bench while Bobby stood pouting on Dean’s other side. “Dude, that’s amazing! I’m so happy for you!”
He had taken her words to heart, perhaps too much. That was part of the reason why he had needed the time off. Dean had twisted her words into believing he would never find someone with whom to share his life. Now, he knew that wasn’t at all what she had meant. Lisa had told him as much after Sam had reached out to her during Dean’s dark period.
“Looks like it. Gifts are even under the tree.”
On the couch, they had been sitting with Cas and Sam bookending, and Jack and Dean in the middle next to their respective family members. Dean stepped out of the embrace only when he remembered they needed to make popcorn. Two big bowls coated generously with melted butter later, the gang regrouped on the couch in a new configuration: Cas and Dean on one half with Jack and Sam on the other. No one disputed the new arrangement though Dean caught the knowing glance between his brother and Jack.
“What? Family has to stick together. No point in them being surrounded by strangers when they can hang out with us.”
“Abso-fucking-lutely.” He dodged an attempt by Cas for another kiss, instead pressing his lips to the other man’s temple and whispering in his ear, “I’m already half hard and really want to go ice skating with my boyfriend, so maybe we save the celebration for when we’re home?”
“What?”
Cas and Dean had replaced the single drawer nightstands on either side of the queen-sized bed with those with three drawers when they realized they needed room for their toys. Dean didn’t mind storing them at his place since he had the extra space. Plus, Cas had some essentials in his bedroom. Whenever they played there, Dean would just pack whatever else they needed.
“Can you blame him? That car is a thing of beauty.”
Located in Lebanon, Kansas, the Men of Letters bunker was inherited by the boys after they learned their paternal grandfather, Henry, had been a member. The order was a secret society that thought themselves better than hunters (think of the one percent versus blue collar) and who were steeped in knowledge of the supernatural, as well as the arcane arts, such as alchemy. The bunker itself housed a treasure trove of objects and research material, all of which had come in handy to the Winchester brothers over the years.
Damn, he hoped that wasn’t the case.
“You’re not doing this on your own,” Jessica told him.
John had always been fiercely protective of his family, a trait Dean loved and inherited along with Sam. The brothers were known to close ranks — even shut out their parents — if one or both felt attacked or needed time alone. Essentially that was what had happened when Dean and Lisa broke up. Less so when Benny had ended things with him. At that point, Dean had mourned his mentor and friend more than his lover. With Lisa, Dean needed time to figure out why he couldn’t make things work with her. Was it just collateral damage of his chosen career or him? Sam had taken care of him for months before Dean had agreed to let in their parents.
“When did you change your mind about the longer lease?” Cas queried. “When we talked, we agreed six months was good.”
Dean didn’t miss the small pause between those last two words. That was fine. It would do for now. “Me, too. Friends is a good place to start.”
, angel. And you are very welcome.” Dean whispered into his lover’s ear. His arms were now wrapped around Castiel. “Let’s just stay like this for awhile. I love how you’re holding me.”
“What?” Dean craned his neck, trying to see in the limited light. “Is it for me? Has Santa been here?”
It had been a fantastic respite from the drama with his parents.
“Funny, he told me I was just plain stupid for acting like I did. He wasn’t wrong.”
“Nothing. I just wanted to know if you were serious about wanting to relocate. If you changed your mind, that’s okay.”
"Yes."
"I shouldn't be bothering you with this," Cas told him.
"Fine."  He grabbed an umbrella from a stand.  "We'll buy
"This is your home," Dean emphasised.
Dean closed his eyes and turned his face to the ceiling.  "Somebody save me," he joked.
"You're not still embarrassed about... you know...  Are you?" he asked, desperately trying to make it a bit of a joke.
At the start of the week, there had been some concern when they realised that Chuck Norris would be left home alone for several hours a day.  However they soon discovered that - providing they covered the floor with newspaper as best they could - he was perfectly fine.  There were no wiring for him to chew, and he was too small to jump onto the counter.  The table was another story, so they made sure the chairs were all tucked under the table in the hopes that he wasn't able to climb up on them.
A small, pleased smile spread across Castiel's face.  "You're welcome."
Cas simply ignored him, muttering something about brothers and sisters.
"Hey, hey!"  He shook his glass at her, sloshing its contents over the counter.  "I'm not old yet."
"What's with the look?"
"Oh, okay."  Cas scanned his card.  "So I search here," he said, moving the mouse to the search box.  "By author.  Edlund, Carver."
"You want to be comfortable," she continued, oblivious to Castiel's blossoming jealousy.
Dean cringed at the bluntness of Ellen's tone.  "Yeah, well.  New Year, new leaf and all that," he muttered.
"But you've opened some from Santa, and some from me.  I'm sure Daddy Dean would like to see you open something from him."
"I thought you said you could be quiet?"
"Cut the bull, okay?" Dean told her.  "Cas knows.  You don't have to pretend like we've never laid eyes on each other before."
He suddenly found himself wondering if Dean's face and shoulders weren't the
to tell him without sounding like an idiot," Dean confessed.  "'Hey, you know how I've been giving you blue balls for months?  Turns out it was for nothing.'"
"Good."
"But you just bought drinks," Castiel said, not sure why he was turning down the opportunity to go somewhere a lot less...
"Yes.  Cain, one of the elders from the church, volunteered."
.  Physically.  You said you wanted to be with me - to give us a chance - but if I disgust you, then—"
Dean's gaze dropped down briefly.  Cas was in much better shape, now.  He was eating better, jogging regularly, and had filled out in good ways.
Only then did he look at Cas.
"You won't say that once you've opened them, Dean."
Despite what he'd said earlier that day, Cas wasn't
Dean just grinned at him as he scooped spoonfuls of vegetables onto his plate beside three thick slices of turducken - which he still wasn't convinced about - and poured a generous amount of gravy over everything.  He stabbed at several things and had them halfway to his mouth when Castiel spoke.
Dean hesitated.  "I can't tell you.  Not yet."  Cas stiffened in his arms, and he added, "I promise it's nothing bad.  It's kind of good, actually."
"I guess."
When they woke up, it was mid-morning.  Cas decided that by the time he'd've gotten ready, he would have missed church anyway.  "I don't really mind," he told Dean as he snuggled closer.  "I suppose it's okay to miss church for one week."
"Well, don't."
"Yeah."
ending..."
scared he'd been scared him even more.  It surprised him just
"Sleep."
He focuses on the music, familiar and reassuring, and lets it drown out all other noises while Cas stroked a hand through his hair.
"I'm sorry, I haven't got any change."
"Oh," she said, as if it wasn't quite what she was expecting.  Then as Dean's words sunk in, "
"I hope you get
Dean's stomach somersaulted and he put the car into gear, the engine roaring as he rejoined the flow of traffic.
"Limpet. Mussel. Cockle."
"Liar."
"I gave up my whole freaking childhood for you!" Dean yelled, anger and bitter and
Castiel's paranoia kicked in, because he thought she sounded a little suspicious.
"I've missed this," he murmured quietly.
Every now and then Dean would forget for a moment that Cas was living with him because he been on his own for so long, and tonight was one of those nights. His whole body tensed, ready for a fight, when he opened his front door expecting silence instead of the sound of the TV , before he exhaled and relaxed. It was only Cas.
much to use."
ready to discuss him, but you're just not allowing yourself to? If so, why do you think that is?
because we're both guys.  Now, didn't I tell you to drop it?"
"Is he yours?"
Cas poured another generous helping into Bobby's glass.  "We both know that the garage is struggling, and the only reason you could afford to pay me to help out in the office was because it allowed you to get back into the shop," he started.
"No?"
Cas sighed.  "Dean Winchester, you're a fool.  Do you honestly think I'd
Dean didn't drive with any purpose after walking out on his therapy session - but he nevertheless found himself pulling into the Roadhouse parking lot.  It would be quiet, as it was still early in the afternoon. But after Gordon Walker kicking up a fuss over nothing at the garage followed by Pamela worming her way into his head, Dean's day had been crappy enough to justify a bit of day drinking.
Cas opened his mouth to respond that he only had to go without for less than a month, but closed it again.  He didn't want to fight, especially when Dean was clearly repressing whatever it was that was upsetting him.  Instead he adjusted himself in his seat, moving to lean his head on Dean's shoulder as they settled down and waited to see what would come on next.
"Did you know you can buy what they call an 'experience day'?" Dean asked when he appeared.
Dean glanced over at the door, but stayed where he was.  "I don't want to be coming here for the rest of my life."
Dean's stomach twisted.  "You mean
"Me, too," Dean said.  But he couldn't work on the car
fine, meaning I-don't-want-to-talk-about-it?"
"I did give it a go before our last session," Dean told her.  "It was pretty boring, but wasn't so bad once Cas put some music on."
"If you're making coffee I'll have one."
"Oh.  Well, that's good," Cas replied warmly.
"Yes."
, so you'll be paying it back."
Dean dreamt he was a teddy bear again.
Dean rested his hands on Castiel's waist and kissed him.  As expected, Castiel's hands moved to his back, stroking up and down.  He always did that.  He didn't know if it was an instinctive angel thing about wings.  Occasionally he'd drag his nails across Dean's shoulder blades and let out a satisfied chuckle when Dean shuddered.
"Just wait for a wave... Wait for it... Jump!"
"Well, hopefully we haven't overloaded your brain and you won't forget everything by the weekend," she smiled at Cas.
"Sorry."
Dean must have miscounted the days.  He took the phone into the living room and sat down.  "Are you doing okay?"
Dean had no reason to lie to him.  If Dean had faith in him, then he could have faith in Dean.  There was nothing wrong with him.
"Can you decide which side of the fence you're on?" Dean asked him tiredly.
"So, despite knowing more about our situation than Bobby, you decided to take his misguided - though well-meaning - advice to heart?"
.  And it keeps me in shape."
"No."
likes
men, as his dad would probably have put it, and yet completely in love with each other.  But then, it wasn't like
"I think I know that," he said.  "But knowing it and doing it are two different things."
"Aw, thanks!"  She smiled sweetly at him as she started pouring drinks.
"Or you could just use your cutlery."
, but he hadn't expected Pamela to grab several layers and just yank them off.
"I can't believe Balthazar took you to a strip club," Dean muttered.  "No, I take that back - I can't believe you
"Of course, it's
going for a walk whilst it's still sunny.  You can either stay here alone or come out with me."
Balthazar chuckled.  "No, not that often.  I sometimes bring clients here for business lunches - of course we only have five courses, then."
Both eyes snapped open.  Throwing back the covers and heaving himself out of bed, he padded down the hallway to the bathroom and knocked on the door.  "Cas?  You okay in there, dude?"
That night, as Castiel defrosted some mince from the freezer for their dinner, Dean phoned Sam.
Dean knew that, but got out of the car anyway.  He jogged up the steps with more vigour that he felt, and marched up to the reception desk.
"And hey," Cas said, forcing cheer into his voice.  "Even if you
come a long way."
Castiel was still trying to get his heart rate back under control because for a moment – just a moment – he'd thought that Dean might have been about to kiss him.  But that was stupid, because Dean wasn't like him.  Dean was good.  Dean was
A heavy silence fell between them, Castiel's words like a noose around his neck.
"You had sex with her."
"No."
"You know, we never built sandcastles," Dean said suddenly.
"Are you sure he won't see it here?"
"One for me and one for... him," Dean said, pointing to a man sitting two tables away from Benny.
Then she laughed.  "Sorry, I just find it funny to see people's reactions to that.  January, just like his dad."
Dean's grin faded a little.  So he didn't have to answer, he made a point of swiping his tongue along his teeth as if trying to dislodge a piece of food.
"Hey, how did your induction go?"
Castiel shook his head.
go viral," she mused thoughtfully.
, a small voice in Dean's head cut in.  He bent his neck to one side, causing it to pop.
Dean turned around, remarking to himself that Cas never failed to surprise him.  "You always know how to put a positive spin on things, don't you?"
"They're labelled.  And besides, they're not all from
"You mean you've got more words?"
"Alright, I'll stop being weird if you stop being weird, alright?" Dean grinned, nudging Cas with his shoulder.
"Help an old man out?" a voice asked.
"I'll wait with you."
Cas cast him a sideways glance before returning his gaze to Ben's busy schedule.  "I'm sure Ben does that, too."
Dean sighed.  "Yeah, maybe.  Come on, then.  Let's go."
"We got that internet thingy set up last week," Bobby told him after lunch.  "So you can do whatever it is that you're going to do with it.  But before you get stuck into that, I've got a job for you."
* * *
"Okay, so talk."
"Dude, d'you mind?"
Pamela arched a sculpted eyebrow.  "But..?"
"I started this.  I should clean it up."
* * *
"Help yourself," he told Dean, placing it down between them.
Dean let out the breath he didn't realise he'd been holding. "Good. 'Cause, you know, I'd try and stop you again."
.  Although, now I think about it, you ate the salad I made to go with them.  Are you feeling okay?"
"Eleven courses?" Cas echoed.
"I know," he agreed, imagining that Chuck was trying to tell him that he didn't want to leave.  "But it'll be better for you to live somewhere that will offer you more freedom."
"Yes, I do."
And despite his blindness - or maybe
"Twenty-eight, seventy-five," Jo told him as he came up to collect their drinks.
"Don't be stupid," Dean said.  "But why don't we put the lease on hold for a while?"
"Are you going to stare at your coffee until it goes cold?" Cas asked carefully as he rinsed out his now empty cereal bowl.
"Fine.  Get them.  But I'm still getting this," he said, waving the rolled-up poster in his hand.
"Failure," he croaked weakly.
They made their way over to the baggage carousel and waited for Ben's suitcase to appear.
Castiel trailed a finger across the green satin.  "It's silky," he commented.  He cupped the bulge of Dean's cock through the fabric.  "You like them."
"I'm sorry, Bobby," Cas apologised.
"Don't."
"But I'm disappointed that you never told me the truth."
"What has he done?"
"You forgot that you weren't together?" Balthazar queried in disbelief.  "Oh, Cas, that's not good."
"Cas?"
"Most should have a cooling off period attached - you can cancel it in that time."
Though he'd only been minutes behind Cas, his friend was already in deep conversation on his phone when Dean got into the apartment.
"Well, that was a surprisingly sentimental ending," Cas observed once the credits started to roll.  "I almost expected them to forget about the boy."
A finger to his lips silenced him.
"The car?"
"I did think about that when I bought them."
"I like having you here," he smiled, his gaze dropping to his bare feet.  He watched his toes tap out a nervous rhythm on the floor.  "But you know," he added, "you
Dean jumped and turned around, reaching for his shirt and yanking it over his head.
"Nothing.  No-one."
"Because this isn't going to work if you're not honest with me."
It didn't matter that he'd told Cas he'd drop it – he just couldn't let it go because he was worried about him, so a couple of days later he spoke to the only person he had to talk to.
about him," she said.  "If I was, I'd never have let him go in the first place."
When Benny didn't continue, Dean glanced up at him.  "What?"
Cigar smoke formed a noose around Dean's throat, making him gag.  He didn't understand the appeal, but he'd bear it as long as his luck held out.  His eyes flicked from the cards in his hand to Cole, sitting opposite him, and he allowed himself a small smirk.
Dean hesitated before sitting down next to him, careful to leave a decent amount of space between them.
Dean blushed.
They drove the rest of the way in silence, Castiel's hand still on Dean's knee.  For once, he wasn't even tempted to play music - the silence between them and the roar of the engine felt somewhat comforting.
Dean smirked.  "Yeah.  I just came home to it today, and if he keeps going with it I think I'm going to be hearing those freaking needles in my sleep!"
"You're clearly a very conflicted man, Dean.  You say you have no issue with homosexual men, you don't come across as intolerant - on the contrary, you've been very supportive of Castiel - and yet you have some latent issue about being
Castiel looked him up and down, taking in the well-fitting Henley and jeans - Dean's second favourite wardrobe choice after a t-shirt layered with a plaid shirt.  "Do you have any shorts?"
"And what would doing better by him look like?"
"If you don't like it we could pick another one," Castiel said, but it was clear that he had his heart set on the Nativity scene.
For someone who wanted to be close to him, Dean seemed to be doing a pretty good job of
Dean let out the breath he hadn't realised he was holding as relief washed over him.  Neither of them moved for what seemed like a long time.
Cas handed him a ten and the driver gave him a dollar back.
"That my girlfriend wouldn't be happy if I got her size wrong."
"Hang on," Dean said, leaning over.
"Please be more careful," Castiel said softly, holding Dean's hand for a second too long before letting go.  Dean said nothing as he returned to his vegetables.
"I understand how difficult this must be for you, Castiel," Pamela said sympathetically.  "But what makes you so sure that the kiss was a mistake?"
"I want to duck in and have a look at it."
"If you don't like that one, this one's
* * *
"You're easily pleased!" Dean joked.
"Did your father give you those?" he asked gently.
"Thanks!" he coughed after he downed several gulps of beer. "Wow. I didn't expect it to pack quite a punch. That's really good."
Neither of them acknowledged the single tear that trickled down Dean's cheek.
"When was that?" he demanded, convinced that Castiel was pulling his leg.
But no, he was normal too, or so Father Reynolds had told him.  He just needed to find it in himself to believe that.
"Yeah," Dean agreed.  "He does."
that complicates things."
happy with one-night flings doesn't mean
"Oh good—
"This
Castiel walked over to him and placed a tentative hand on his arm.  "Is everything alright?"
a sex life?"
Dean shot Cas a meaningful look.  "I know."
As Dean's fingers intertwined with his own Castiel felt a little giddy, but also more grounded than he'd felt since they'd embarked on this relationship that was new to both of them.  He understood that to hold hands in public, away from the attention of their friends, was a small step for Dean - but it seemed like a much larger step for both of them.  His grip was firm and his hand warm - if a little sweaty.  He chanced a look at Dean, whose jaw was set in a hard line and who wore an expression that practically screamed, '
at three - you didn't tell me the thing
"I like pie," Cas assured him with a smile.
"What places?  What things?"
, if he could get the coat buttoned up.  As he fought with the large buttons Dean raced ahead, taking the stairs two at a time.  Halfway down Castiel had to stop and fumble in his pocket when his phone started ringing.
knew when it was wiser to pay someone with more experience to do the job.  Which was why the out-of-shape frame had been loaded onto the back of a truck and shipped interstate to be straightened and strengthened.  The damage had been worse than the time he'd rebuilt the Impala after the crash that had killed John.  A lot of the panel damage he'd been able to repair himself, however, except for the front side panel which had taken the brunt of the impact.  That had needed to be replaced, and had been surprisingly easy to track down a replacement.
"That's understandable," she said.  "Has he apologised?"
"I take it things with Pamela went well today?"
Dean shook his head.
"And yet you're dating a guy!" Jo shot back.  "This is what I mean.  If you can't accept that and step out of the closet, you're going to hurt him.  And I don't want to see him hurt again.  I like him."
"I wasn't assaulted!" Dean insisted adamantly.  He couldn't have been.  He wouldn't have
* * *
you guys would be good for each other if you could just pull your head out of your ass—"
Cas nodded his agreement.  He supposed that ordering another drink
, yeah," he groaned.
Cas lay there in comfortable silence for a moment before telling him, "Today was fun."
"Yeah."
, but there was so much that Dean didn't want to talk about.  He'd opened up to Cas about stuff he'd never spoken about to
Cas swallowed.  "It's not my vessel," he realised sadly.  "It's that my feelings for you are not returned."
"Dean."
know, I overheard the librarian defending the books to a rather concerned religious mother.  And I got curious."
"Cas," Dean asked when they were eating lunch outside, "I've been thinking—"
"He doesn't have anyone."
going to walk away from what they had - or could have - no matter Dean's fears.
"'Walked around'?"
He had no idea why he'd come here.  He'd just wanted to get out of the apartment.  Away from the quiet and the emptiness.  Maybe his subconscious was trying to tell him that he missed Cas.  But he
about it, but your reasoning is valid."
He hoped his cheeks didn't look as red as they felt.  "Don't be absurd."
," Cas snapped half-heartedly, throwing the remaining clump of cables at him.
"Dean," Cas said, stepping closer.
Castiel was glad he wasn't sitting opposite so he didn't have to see his mouthful of half-chewed food.
" Benny said sarcastically, nevertheless grabbing the balls out from under the table.
"No.  I don't think soap is going to get it off," Cas told him, leaning in to give him a peck on the cheek.
"I'm sorry," he apologised.
"So what's the second part of the question?"
"Yes," Cas nodded, following him through.  As Dean let the door go, it slammed shut behind them.  "Though it would make sense to try to finish my degree at the same university, I wondered if perhaps I didn't
Castiel seemed to squint even harder before he sat down again.
Dean darted into the garage before his boss could give him hell.
"I thought you were different from my father, Dean.  But if being gay isn't such a bad thing, then why do you take offence at the thought of it?"
of it, because didn't they say that if you lost one sense the others became heightened? - Cas always seemed to be able to read him like a book.  With a firm yet careful hand, he pulled Dean out of his underwear and licked a line up his cock once, twice, three times, before swallowing him down.
"It's
* * *
He groaned, running his hands roughly through his hair as if trying to stimulate his brain to work harder.
"Some of the stuff Sam said..."
"Well don't look over, then," Dean grinned.  When Cas didn't smile back he held out his sandwich.  "Here."
Dean sighed.  "I'm not going to get any peace tonight, am I?"
He still hadn't told Cas what Lisa had told him.  And he wasn't sure he would - at least not straight away.  He just wanted to hold onto that thought and enjoy it for a while.  But it warmed his heart that Cas had embraced Ben, and it both excited and scared him at the idea that
"But—"
"So, um, Father Reynolds suggested that I speak to someone – a counsellor – about, well, everything."
her!  What did I just say?"
"...and the doorways are too narrow to be sheltered from the rain or wind.  And you're less likely to find people kind enough to give you some change and more likely to find cops telling you to '
Thinking about Dean's reluctance to open up, Cas snorted.  "I know.  Although Dean's learned to be more open than he used to be."
"Don't be such a baby, Winchester," Ellen grinned from where she stood wiping glasses at the bar.
"Yes."
"Okay."
Castiel smiled fondly from where he sat on the couch, wearing a hideous oversized sweater he'd bought recently.  It was sickeningly festive and Dean hated it.  Unfortunately when Castiel had asked him for his opinion, excitedly spreading his arms so that Dean could take in every last ugly detail, he hadn't the heart to say anything other than, "
"Relaxed.  Calm.  Safe."
"You know what I'm trying to say."
Bobby snorted.  "It doesn't take a genius to know that Cas is fed up with you working on that damned thing."
Castiel frowned, and took a breath before responding.  "We have a roof over our heads, Dean, which is a lot more than he has," he pointed out sharply.
"There are moose over there!" Ben pointed, consulting the map.
frustrated—"
"You can't seriously be thinking about going to work!"
Then it was Dean's turn to blush.
get weird around him."  He took a long, shaky breath.
, somehow.
"It's okay," Cas assured him.  "We're probably all wondering the same thing."
"I would still be
"Nothing!" Castiel said quickly, grabbing his fork. "It looks..."
"Your mom would make us come back for you, and we'd look irresponsible."
"I'm sorry I hit you."
"I know.  I'm sorry."
"It didn't work?"
"Ink."
Cas nodded.
"Cas?  It's Sam.  Is Dean in?"
"Yes?"
"I think it's just a generic term.  I'm sure any box of a similar size would do."
"I don't think you made up a sexual assault," Pamela jumped in.
"Nearly there," Cas told Dean, as the reached the steps of their - Dean's - apartment block.  It had taken them almost two hours to walk the forty-five minute journey, with Dean leaning heavily on Castiel's shoulder the whole time.
"Whatever it is - and I'm not saying it's
"Yeah.  Only a lot smarter."
"Oh, um, sparkling please."  It would be a little different to the last time he'd had one.
"No real man would be an office girl."  He lowered his tone conspiratorially.  "He's probably a fag"
"Bull.  Come on," she insisted, dragging him into the middle of the room where there was only a handful of other people dancing.
"You spent all day cleaning the kitchen? Dude, you need a hobby!"
Castiel ran his socks between his toes to get the worst of the sand out.
He wondered if she had noticed, because now
"It felt like we were just beginning to find our feet together, though home was the only place we could really be together, and now even that has been taken away from us."
"What?  Why?"
At the other end of the line, Sam took an audible breath.  "Look," he began unsurely, "when I was having problems, I didn't come to you.  You swooped in and saved me.  My saviour.  My brother, the hero.  Sometimes you try to help and you mess up, because you think what you're doing is worth it - because you've convinced yourself you're doing more good than bad."
"I hope so," Cas said glumly.
more often, now.  I can deal with you working late a couple of nights a week."
"Yeah.  Not to
"What?  Where?" Dean asked, rubbing at his cheeks.
"I can hear a pin drop!" her mother called from across the room.
"We'll go somewhere else, it's fine."
"Nah.  I don't eat rabbit food," he grinned, wiping his hands on his jeans.
"Our policy is not to let guests share food," the waiter said stiffly.
"I said
Castiel didn't want to be the only one having dessert, so turned his attention to the drinks menu.  He usually just drank beer with Dean, or soda, so he checked out their other options instead.
Cas tried to keep eye contact with the man whose name he had forgotten, but eventually his eyes betrayed him and sought out Dean for reassurance.
Cas opened his mouth, but no sound came out.  "I'd rather not say," he settled for.
"So, two hundred a month?  How many sessions is that?"
"Yeah," Dean agreed, unconvinced.  He wasn't sure it it was alcohol or fear that was twisting his stomach until he wanted to throw up.
"There
* * *
Castiel held his tongue, for the last thing he wanted to do was start an argument and annoy Dean. He didn't know him, so he wasn't sure how quickly he might change his mind and ask Castiel to leave, so he figured that the better behaved he was the longer he might have a roof over his head.
"Oh, mine
Her mouth fell open.  That didn't sound like the Cas she knew.  "Did he say that?!"
Only then did Castiel see the two reindeer fenced off in a small pen, being hand-fed carrots by a group of excited children.  As he stared, an unexpected surge of joy threatened to overwhelm him.  "Dean..." he breathed, captivated by the smiles on the faces of the parents and children around them.  The young ones couldn't stand still as they ran between their parents and the reindeer, jumping up and down when their name was called to sit on Santa's knee.  This was the side of Christmas his father had always discouraged celebrating, because it was commercial and supposedly undermined the 'true meaning' behind the day; but, in that moment, Castiel couldn't understand why spreading joy and cheer could be bad.
"So you got any plans for today?" Dean, sweeping a hand through his hair to brush it back.
"It's very liberating.  After Dean found out I was gay, and he accepted me without question, I saw a light at the end of the tunnel for the first time in years."
"Yeah, well, some things should remain private."
"I'd kill for something stronger," he smirked half-heartedly.
Dean mock saluted him.  "Yes, sir!"
Moving his pen to the 'cons' column, he slowly wrote,
"No!  But I didn't want to use Dad's death that way – it just wasn't right.  It felt like saying it was all
"What, is this a competition now?" Dean said, a little sharply.  "You want a full breakfast, I'll do a full breakfast."
"Like your dad!" Dean yelled back in the direction of the voice. "Come on." He tugged Castiel over to the checkout before whoever it was came looking for a fight.
"I think so, yeah," he replied, rubbing at a cut over his eyebrow.  "Nothing serious, anyway."
There was a long silence before Sam spoke again.  "Castiel?  Is that you?"
fault."
"It's hardly the same thing," Dean said, leaning against the Impala's hood.  Then he realised that was a pretty shitty response.  "I'm sorry, that was...  I'm sorry."
"I like tacos."
Dean let out a breath beside him.
Dean opened the door a crack; just enough to speak through.  "You about done in there?  I brought lunch."
"Yes, I know you're not
wise if she left Dean.
Chuck in the tissue box was inspired by
Jo beamed.  "Celebrating what?" she asked them eagerly.
"How much have you had to drink?" Cas asked when Dean turned to leave.
"You couldn't do it in my bathroom, Cas," Dean whispered. "I don't think you could have jumped."
His nerves calmed a little when Sam saw his brother and Castiel were okay for the most part. The blood seeping through Castiel’s white dress shirt concerned him. Could he not heal himself? He managed to quirk the corner of his mouth when he gave Dean a quick nod. John may have told his brother to watch out for him as an order when they were kids, but Sam was just as protective of Dean. And now, Castiel. The angel had proven his loyalty to the Winchesters so many times over the years, he was family. It was always painful to watch Castiel and Dean fall out, which they did more times than Sam could count. Their ideologies may be slightly different, but they tended to be on the same page. Thankfully, they always came back together eventually.
“What do you think?”
John never said another word or made any attempt to stop him from leaving.
Dean hadn’t expected Sam to be so cutthroat and it showed on his face. “Sammy….”
John nodded, impressed with this meek-looking man who was proving to be anything but. A small smile appeared on his lips. He was willing to give credit where it was due. It was apparent Dean had spoken of him, and no doubt Mary, to Cas and he liked that the lodge owner had not only listened, but paid close attention.
“And me,” Sam chimed in.
“No! Don’t do that!” Dean sure as hell did not want to go back to his lonely room at the lodge. Did he just admit he was lonely? Crap. “I was just trying to calm my nerves is all. This is the closest I’ve been to a date in years.”
“Not long. Are you awake or going back to sleep?” He rubbed Dean’s back like he was an infant sleeping on his parent’s chest.
Dean had barely gotten the last word out when Cas captured his mouth, quickly deepening the kiss as he was both aroused and aware that time was running out. He didn’t relinquish control and Dean had no issues, loving this side of him.
Jody smirked, confirming she had overheard her daughter’s comment. She appreciated that Cas hadn’t corrected Claire on the boyfriend part.
No sooner had Cas given her his and Jack’s names then Sam appeared. He looked a little harried, but Cas assumed that was normal right before a performance. They followed the tall man with the long brown hair that ended just past his ears into the backstage of the pavilion, which was deceptively larger than Cas had expected. Never had he been given an opportunity to explore the space till now. It was very impressive.
“A lot can happen in a week,” Sam pointed out.
Fuck his luck.
At the part where Kate told her sad Christmas tale and declared, “And that's how I found out there was no Santa Claus,” Dean swapped out the
Until now.
Cas pretended to consider the offer, knowing it would get a rise out of his boyfriend. “It might. But that would mean you would have to wake up and I don’t want that. I’ll be fine, love. Go back to sleep.”
“You inspired me. You
He shook his head to clear the ridiculous thoughts from his mind. What was he doing? Mooning over some guy he met a month ago —
Dean cupped his boyfriend’s face, kissed his forehead, and nuzzled it briefly. Then, he pulled him into a warm hug, reassuring him there was nothing to worry about.
“And now you’re moving here to be with me,” Cas said softly.
However, the battle was decided when Dean unwittingly shook his ass he extended his reach for the towel.
When he headed out that evening, it was after six. Jack had already texted to let him know the chicken breast was in the oven and that Cas could handle the side dishes as he had a poem to write for English class. Winter break started Friday, which was a blessing as Jack would be available to work some longer shifts during the week. His son would be paid accordingly, and be given the additional perks of attending the tree lighting ceremony and Scrapyard Dogs concerts.
“You’re not just fighting for
“I can do that.”
“Almost as much as you,” Jack quipped.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I found it online. Paid an exorbitant fee to get here in time, but it was worth it.” He scooted closer, snuggling against the man for whom he had fallen hard. It felt wonderful to have Dean hold him close. His scent was amazing.
A snort of agreement tore out of Dean, while Jack popped a French fry into his grinning mouth.
Until now, he had been right.
“Are you okay?” Cas sounded not only concerned, but as nervous as him. “Would you rather not come home with me? I can drop you off at the lodge instead.”
That meant….
She raised an eyebrow at her boyfriend, then turned back to Jack. “You going anywhere?”
His food went down wrong when he swallowed causing Dean to choke. He managed to get it down, chancing a glance at Cas just in time to see his concern morph into wicked glee. Yeah, he deserved that. It was his turn to feel the heat on his cheeks. Not to mention the bulge in his boxer briefs. Thank God his pajama bottoms were loose fitting.
“Good talk?” Dean guessed.
wanted
Claire had been next as she had to help her mothers set up after finding out what Santa left for her. She may have an old soul, Cas noted, but she was a kid when it came to Christmas.
As the concert progressed, phones were held aloft with the flashlights turned on. The crowd never stopped singing the words to every song, cheering when standards like “Santa Claus Is Coming to Town” and “Let It Snow” were played. When Sam announced it was time for the last song of the night, there was resounding disappointment from the audience.
“You know jack shit.” His gaze slid back to his father, ignoring the protestations of his mother for his irreverent tone. “
“Jack hung it up when he got home from work. He was so excited when Mrs. Tran, his chemistry teacher who also has a holiday side business, told him she had finished it. It was a late order and she always is booked months in advance for her handmade Christmas stockings and ornaments that he figured you wouldn’t have it till next year. But because it was Jack and he happens to be good friends with her son Kevin, she made an exception.”
Dean chuckled. “Oh, Jack. You have him now. Throw in some black licorice and he’ll be your friend for life.”
“That’s been the plan since we got here.”
His brother grinned, a rosier than normal tint hitting his cheeks. Jessica smiled and slung her arm around Dean’s shoulders, pulling him toward her for a quick hug before letting him sit up. She kept her arm over him possessively while Sam continued pleading Dean and Cas’ case.
This year was an exception.
Dean fell backward onto the seat and huffed out a chuckle. “Goddamn, you are a tease. I love it!”
Dean said this last part so nonchalantly that Cas almost didn’t catch it. “You’re coming with us?!”
“I want to get you the real you, as well, Dean. So ... about the tour and the tree. Would you want to spend tomorrow afternoon with me? I know your manager’s coming then. We can work around it if you need to be here to greet him.”
Cas saw that Dean was silently begging him to believe in him and trust that a life with him was what he wanted. Nothing John was about to say would change that. Unfortunately, Cas didn’t have the opportunity to respond.
“I’ve spent time with them as a couple, as a family. Hell, I was there when they met! You can’t fake the kind of spark that ignited when they laid eyes on each other. And I don’t have to guess what Cas said to Dean before he had to leave. I know he was telling him no matter what, they would find a way to make it work.”
Laughter filled the room despite the mild tension with even his father smiling, albeit tentatively.
Castiel nodded. “I’m sorry. I understand. I appreciate it, I do. It’s just….”
It was a shock when she had been presented with a wild card suggestion from the owner of one of the local hotels. He was a mild mannered fellow, who loved the town though he didn’t serve on any committee nor was a member of the Town Council. Still, Jody had listened when he spoke up since she had been friends with him since he had moved to town nearly twenty years ago. As it happened, his son was a fan of this duo called Scrapyard Dogs and as luck had it, they were going to be in Minneapolis opening for Josh Ritter in a few days — sixteen days since “the incident,” as Jody had referred to the loss of her original main act. From what the man knew of the band’s music, it would play well with the crowd at the festival.
Scrapyard Dogs continued to be the scrappy band with critical favor and devoted fans they always were, but now had a few more promoters and bigger name musical acts interested in working with them. With the little extra clout, Dean and Sam were able to set their tour schedule more to their liking, allowing them more time to spend with their families when not in the studio.
Saying nothing, Cas walked over to the window. “Looks like Santa also delivered a white Christmas. There’s at least three inches out there.”
“That’s Hot Dad to you.”
A split-second later, she was dead at Castiel’s feet, the shadow of her wings burned into the floor.
He was watching the road through the windshield now. His voice giving away how drained he was following the knockdown fight. Castiel glanced at Dean, not liking how his jaw was set. Knowing the other man for as long as he had and as well as he did, Castiel recognized the signs.
Getting their skates laced took longer than necessary thanks to the kissing and other public displays of affection. Cas not wanting to hide how they felt about each other to the world was another burst of hope in Dean’s heart that their relationship was more than a holiday fling. Just as he stood, Cas grabbed his hand. Dean sat back down, his pulse slowing when he saw the serious glint in his boyfriend’s eyes. (In his mind, there was no way they weren’t, even if they hadn’t defined the relationship.)
Knowing his father, though, he somehow doubted it.
Castiel and the third minion were nowhere to be found.
“Did you mention that Mom picked out the tree
As it happened, the middle sister of the three who had comprised the band ran off with an ex-girlfriend three days prior and no one had heard from her. Also, the two remaining sisters had gotten into a huge row over it with the eldest screaming she quit. With no bandmates and no interest in performing without her siblings, the youngest told the mayor the bad news.
“I’m tired of not waking up with you next to me. The past two nights have been horrible and the mornings weren’t any better.”
That was one order Cas had obliged with no problem, even slipping in a bit of tongue before breaking the kiss. Dean had taken a moment to collect himself to Cas’ satisfaction, but that was all they had time for as John and Mary had emerged from the other side of the room at the same time Sam and Jess came downstairs.
“As if!” Jo scoffed, but it was obvious she wasn’t as averse to the idea as she would like everyone to believe.
By then, Cas had already moved to town and was assistant manager, a position Kelly’s father had bestowed upon him after proving himself by working from the bottom up. Cas was there when Jack was born as Kelly deemed him her birth partner. He had been there for every moment of Jack’s life, including the big blows. The boy was too young to fully appreciate his grandparents’ deaths. His mother’s, he had grasped no holds barred. It had devastated him when he lost her ahead of his ninth birthday. From that moment, Jack called Cas “Dad” and the older man made sure he never lost that privilege.
Glancing at his sleeping boyfriend, who was pressed against his side with a hand on his chest, Cas carefully reached for his phone. He needed to talk this out with someone outside their relationship and there were only two people who fit the bill. So, he opened the group text and sent up a flare.
knew better than to think that.”
“I like the way you taste.” It was all he had to contribute under the circumstances. While he couldn’t taste things the way humans do, he did enjoy the sensation of Dean on his tongue. For Castiel, it was the closest to taste he had ever experienced as an angel. “I don’t masturbate, but I do think of you often in a sexual way.”
“Screw you!” As soon as he said it, Dean realized he would have to start choosing his words more carefully. The wicked glint sparkling in Cas’ eyes only made it more obvious.
Cas gave him a reprimanding glance before telling Sam, “It’s fine. They’re not for everyone.”
“Don’t worry,” Cas assured him. “We have both. Plus, peanut butter, but those are mine.”
Suddenly, Dean was tired of driving. He wanted nothing more than to find a place to park for the night and have a long talk with his friend about why it took so damn long to come back to him, among other things.
“Are you kidding?”
Sam was right. If Dean was going to lock down his happily ever after, he was going to have annihilate his parents. Whatever it was John had a bug up his ass about couldn’t be Dean’s undoing. Not after all the pain and loneliness when he had seriously doubted he was capable of a lasting, loving relationship.
Which is why Dean was facing his sexuality crisis in the middle of the night on a long stretch of county road in the middle of God knows where after possibly losing the love of his life to a demon or, worse, another angel. Castiel was basically the only angel Dean could stomach as the rest of them had proven to be total douchebags.
Imagine Mary’s surprise when the lead singer of the band they had come to see stepped up to the microphone and sang his way into her heart. John had found her in the audience and kept finding her throughout the set. At the end of the night, he had come over, introduced himself, and asked if he could drive her home. She had said yes without hesitation despite not knowing anything else about him. For whatever reason, she had trusted John the moment their eyes met. It was the best decision she had ever made in her opinion. He agreed completely.
“My point is that you're hired.”
It was business.
The trio entered the room to find John standing in front of the window with his back to them. This did nothing to quell the anger boiling inside Dean. He fucking deserved a face-to-face conversation, not this holier than thou bullshit.
That bit of gratitude made Dean’s breath catch. He hadn’t expected it, but very much appreciated it. “You’re welcome. See you then.”
“I think I preferred the uncomfortable tension you cut with a knife,” Cas heard Dean tell Sam, to which his baby brother agreed.
And that was something he never did.
“My time is booked,” he told his parents and Sam and Jess when they tried to coerce him into going with them. Glancing at Cas, he added, “But maybe next year?”
This was nicer.
“Lucky us.” He had flashed Hot Dad a nervous smile and let out a flustered chuckle. “So, what’s your favorite song … Dad?”
when sees it’s me and not Dean.”
“Will do. Night.”
Happy Holidays!
“What?” they replied in unison.
After dinner, the men retired to the living room to get the night of holiday horror films underway. The brothers had ogled the Kline-Novack family tree and its ornaments when they had arrived earlier. When Dean had been over a couple nights ago, the tree had stood unadorned. Jack had taken care of the lights while Cas was at work yesterday as they wouldn't be decorating it until today, which they did before the boys came over.
His phone was wrenched from his hands before he could reply. Dean’s eyes were barely open, but he managed to put it on the nightstand on his side of the bed before resuming his position.
“That’s me,” Dean confessed when they parted. “The domesticated bad boy. Corrupting God’s hottest soldier.”
So, off they went in the Impala to Coldwater to find out what the hell was going on and to kill the nest before it was too late. Castiel sat in the backseat as was his want when not scouting ahead, while Dean drove and Sam rode shotgun. No one drove Baby but Dean unless he said so or there was an extreme circumstance. Baby was what he lovingly called his most prized possession. He and Baby had been through almost everything together. She became his when her original owner, the boys’ dad John, had handed over the keys. Next to a necklace Sam gave him one year for Christmas when they were kids, it was the best gift Dean had ever received.
“Oh, thank God,” Donna breathed, her shoulder-length blonde hair swept back into a bun.
. He had believed for the longest time that he had been friend zoned by Dean. The best friend. Nothing more. That had been acceptable as they were as close as two people not having sexual relations could be.
“I need you, Cas. I’m ready. Please. Angel, please.”
“Sounds like you short-circuited him. Give him time to reboot. A good night’s rest and some time to acclimate and he’ll come around. I’m sure of it.”
Sam was thrilled when they arrived.
“All of the above.”
As the boys bickered, Bobby sat and watched with the biggest smile on his face.
“Now, I know you have your eye on that adorable cottage over on Primrose Path. From what I hear, it’s all but yours. Just need that bullheaded owner to give his approval already.” She noticed the worry that crossed his features. “Don’t you worry, sweet pea. He’s just meticulous about who gets to stay in his house. You’ll have those keys soon. Don’t you agree, Cas?”
Dean, however, had no interest.
Everyone took a seat. Dean, Sam, and Jessica on the sofa with John and Mary in the overstuffed chairs opposite. The silence that settled over the group was awkward and uncomfortable.
Cas shot Claire an annoyed glance before he turned away. He saw the obnoxious wink she sent his way with the self-satisfied smirk. Nor did he miss her picking up her phone a second later. She appeared to be texting. Only one person seemed the most likely candidate.
Cas didn’t laugh. He was struggling to keep the tears at bay as his eyes were already wet. After a moment, he slowly let out a breath. “It’s good you clarified. I was thinking you meant Santa. Not sure Mrs. Claus would approve.”
“I’m sorry, Cas. I should have realized you might know them once we knew what we were dealing with. Were you, um, were you close?”
“Hearing your and Cas’ story, and watching you two at lunch explains a lot to me. I see now why you kept him to yourself. It’s going to take a lot of work with your music career going strong, but if you’re serious — and I think you both are — I believe you could be very happy together.
The cheek in his words and that lopsided grin made Cas’ heart tighten. Not good. Or maybe it was? Do friends react to other friends like that? He honestly didn’t know, but he didn’t overthink it either.
Thank God.
“I can’t wait. Thank God the place is furnished. I don’t have a lot, but I have a feeling once I’m settled, it won’t look that way. Just wish I had the keys in my hand, you know?”
An upstairs bedroom was where Sam found one of the escapees. She attacked him from behind, knocking the Taurus PT92 nine-millimeter from his grip and onto the wood floor. After a prolonged fight that left a fair amount of wear and tear on him, he was able to slide the demon-killing knife into the skin of the human suit it was wearing. It was dead and Sam moved on to find his team.
“You’re making a mistake.”
“You never replied to my texts.”
When his employees dispersed, there was a buzz in the air that hadn’t been there previously. It was excitement over the coming days and of Christmas, in general. Everyone in town loved the holiday. They loved how it brought people together and allowed goodwill to run rampant in a world that felt a little darker with each passing year. Each Christmas season renewed the town’s collective soul and made the eyes of every citizen shine brighter. It was magical. Just as Christmas should be.
“I wasn’t hiding it from you. I didn’t even know if there was a place available when I started looking, so I just kept it between the four of us. Turns out, it’s mine if I want it. Heard back from the Realtor a little bit ago. The owner signed off on my one-year lease and he’ll give me the keys no later than tomorrow.”
“Ugh. You’re the best.” He kissed the top of Cas’ head as he, Sam, Jo, and Bobby headed over to the buffet.
He replayed last night in his mind. The raid. Their capture. Their escape. Him killing the renegade angel who nearly had gotten away. The time alone afterward. His emotions had been all over the place. That’s not how he had wanted to return to Sam and Dean. Plus, he needed to heal himself again. Time in solitude had helped, as had his friends’ prayers. When Dean sent him that final prayer, Castiel could no longer stay away. He would have called except he had forgotten to charge his phone; definitely needed to get on top of that.
Knowing Dean couldn’t disagree with Sam’s argument, they had sat in silence for a short while.
It took Dean a few seconds to fully grasp that the fight he had been expecting was never going to come. Also, he had forgotten he was wearing his ugly Christmas sweater. “Thought you’d be pissed we weren’t rehearsing for our first performance tomorrow night.”
Outside the windshield, as the trees on either side rolled by, imaginary billboards showed what he could have if he gave a damn about being happy. Since birth, Dean knew he was straight. He slept with any beautiful woman who gave him a second glance and even went domestic once as a boyfriend and stepfather. It wasn’t until he set up house with his ex-girlfriend Lisa and her son Ben that it occurred to Dean how the carpet didn’t match the drapes so to speak. He enjoyed being a father figure to Ben and his relationship with Lisa had been solid. She was the only woman he had ever loved. Returning to her for a new beginning was his biggest regret if only for the havoc he had wrecked.
The set list featured, among other tunes, “Rockin’ Around the Christmas Tree” with Dean on drums trying his best to channel Dave Grohl, one of his idols; “Run Rudolph Run” where Sam and Jo got to show off their electric guitar skills; “Sleigh Ride” had Dean throwing Cas a wink as he remembered it was one of his favorites; “Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas,” which gave Jo the floor and she was able to show off her vocal stylings to the crowd’s delight.
“Your dad looking to bail?”
He took Castiel’s hand in one of his and with his free hand gathered their cocks so both were in his grip. Then, Dean placed Castiel’s hand on top of his so their fingers touched. His angel looked on with interest, seemingly comprehending what they were about to do.
“You know how some people get hangry? My brother gets stupid.” Sam had cast his glance back toward the stairs that a family of five were descending. Turning back to Cas, he had added, “I apologize. He usually reserves the crazy for family.”
A short time later, Dean came for the second time that night. “Don’t stop! Don’t stop! Not till I’m done!” he warned.
Dean’s eyes lit up like jack-o’-lanterns. “Done. There are two we can watch now since they’re Christmas flicks!”
A few more kisses, then Dean dropped his head on his boyfriend’s shoulder. “I want nothing more than for us to have sex, but I’m going to pass out right here if we don’t get to bed.”
“Whatever you want.”
dreamy in that movie,” Cas said wistfully. “And, well, you really can’t go wrong with Barbara Stanwyck.”
Both had learned to play classical guitar under John’s tutelage. Sam followed in his father’s footsteps by picking up the bass, while Dean enjoyed the acoustic. Unlike his baby brother, Dean also gravitated toward the drums (of which Sam had a rudimentary knowledge, enough to keep tempo on less drum-heavy songs) and at Mary’s encouragement had taken piano lessons. He adored rotating between all three instruments.
“Very funny, brat,” he grumbled after catching up. “I thought we were bonding.”
And the rest of their lives to explore life together.
“Now, we sing,” he told Cas and Jack.
“So am I.”
Sam beamed. “Now you know why I wouldn’t stop listening to the soundtrack for three months.”
“Damn, idjit,” Bobby groused. “Even
“You were so fucking hot last night. The way my beautiful angel took charge and had his way with me.” That growl he recognized as one he used when he wanted his boyfriend. A growl he had used on Castiel so many times before without realizing why till now.
Later, the band and their manager learned the livestream had been a huge success and Scrapyard Dogs had trended on Twitter for a couple hours. Their albums received significant bumps in streaming on Spotify and saw an increase in sales, too.
“Jack is always listening to music,” Hot Dad confessed. “He DJs our meals thanks to the wireless Bluetooth speaker we have at the house. I’m constantly getting playlists. It’s how he turned me on to you and your brother.”
“Locked and loaded,” Sam assured him. “Mayor Mills has us down for a thirty-minute set, but we padded it with enough for songs for forty-five minutes, just in case.”
“Welcome to the family!” she shouted into his ear to be heard over the band and the roar of the crowd.
The kid and Hot Dad had laughed, leading Dean to surmise that the father wasn’t nearly as plugged in as his son. He was right.
With that, Dean took a deep breath and launched into what had happened last night and this afternoon. He tried to keep his emotions in check, but his body betrayed him, from his voice to his features. Every word he spoke brought him back to that moment he and Cas had shared at the Christmas tree in the town square. As he observed Sam and Bobby while he talked, he saw how much they cared, how invested they were in his happiness.
“Then, we agree.” He leaned in and captured that mouth in a sweet, chaste kiss. It was all he could afford as his energy levels were dropping fast.
The place was perfect.
Ever so slowly, Bobby turned his head to look at their host with the oddest expression on his face. He genuinely didn’t know if she was kidding or not. For all he knew, he had just agreed to spend an evening with the Addams Family.
“Dude!”
What about Jack?
tastes.”
“She’s a triple threat,” Dean had told the audience when he introduced her. “She shreds, she sings, and she’ll tell Santa to give y’all coal if you misbehave.”
But because until that night, Dean had thought his queer side had been an aberration. One male lover in forty-two years — and that had been more than fifteen years ago — had seemed to be a fluke. He had never hid his bisexuality, but there never had been another man he had been attracted to enough to take to bed.
“Okay, human.”
Even during the halcyon days of that period, Dean knew something was missing. He knew it had nothing to do with Lisa or Ben. It was all him. At the time, he couldn’t figure it out. Thought it was connected to Sam, who had become Lucifer’s vessel and been locked in a cage in Hell, and retiring from hunting. He had shrugged it off, going about his merry way until the next time it scratched at the back of his mind. This process repeated itself until Sam returned, hunting lured Dean away, and the happily ever after he thought he had carefully crafted imploded.
A few seconds later, white streams of cum sprayed their chests and coated the hands gripping their cocks with bits even landing in their hair. Dean collapsed onto Castiel, who managed to find enough energy to rub his lover’s lower back while he received a few kisses along his shoulder. He nuzzled the same spot on Dean’s neck as he had done earlier.
“Nah, not tonight. We’ll just find some place to pull over. Sleep in the car. I’ll call you when we’re back on the road in the morning. Get some rest, Sammy. I mean it.”
They had been together two-and-a-half years. Despite seeing the signs and knowing this wasn’t any way to maintain a healthy relationship, Dean was devastated by the split. He never let it affect the band. Sam and Bobby had talked him into taking a six-month break, which had done wonders for his soul. His heart would heal in due course, they had told him. And it did.
Eyes wet again, he silently beat himself up for being such a dick to them both. Dean knew he wasn’t the only one to have suffered from his ego. More times than he could count, he witnessed the light go out in Castiel’s eyes because of him. More times than he could count, he died a little when it did. He squeezed his lover’s knee again, this time a little harder. (This term made his heart skip a beat until his dying day.)
“Hmm?” Sam turned his head to address Dean. He pointed at the screen. “Dude, it’s
“Kids, huh? It’s like they have a personality of their own.”
“Charlie Brown’s tree before the neighborhood kids got hold of it looked better than that monstrosity,” Dean quipped.
“Castiel, I pray to you, please tell me where you are or at least let me know you’re okay? You’re scaring the shit out of me and I hate it! I need you, man.
“You’re moving here?”
“Well, how about that?” John grinned. He glanced at his sons. “You didn’t tell us he worked here.”
“Flagstaff” was the B track off the latest single for the new album, their eighth, which had just been released last month. Dean had written it two years ago following his breakup with his longtime girlfriend, but the boys had never released it till now because it was way too personal for Dean. Sam barely had to set up a defense of the song to get his brother to agree now was the time to send it out into the world as Dean was finally in a good enough place to see its potential. “Barroom Brawl” was their third most popular song off the second album, and the one Dean and Sam had the most fun writing.
“I have always been Team Dean.” Castiel placed a hand over the one Dean had resting on the leather between them. “Even when you thought I wasn’t.”
Sitting down on the couch with Sam following suit, Dean kept his eyes on Bobby as he took a seat on the chair opposite. There was no anger anywhere to be found regarding the older man and that had Dean relaxing into the plushness of the couch.
Donna pitied their friend for her wife’s helicopter tendencies, but someone had to take the bullet. “There you go! Win-win!”
Dean held Cas’ gaze for a moment, the corners of his mouth lifting. He broke eye contact to address Claire. “I
“I know you guys were hoping to see Dean before the show,” Sam began, “but it’s really not a good idea. Don’t worry about the show. You’ll still have the best seats in the house.”
Cas had shot him a skeptical look, which got a grin from his son.
“Dean Winchester! As I live and breathe!”
Sam adjusted his navy blue tie that matched perfectly with his suit. He also had on a white button-down dress shirt and black boots. His brow furrowed as he tried to put Cas at ease, knowing he would hear about nothing else from his brother for the rest of their stay at least.
Dean bent over and kissed each of his boyfriend’s hands. “She is so proud of both of you. You raised that kid into the amazing man he is today. His success up to now is, in part, because of you and all the support and encouragement and love you gave him. The two of you will always be with him.
“It’s pie,” Dean said to himself with a huge smile on his face.
Listening to every word, Bobby shook his head and smiled. They were idjits, but they were his idjits and he wouldn’t give them up for anything.
“Gotta admit, I wasn’t sure if your equipment worked a hundred percent like mine,” he told Castiel huskily. “I’m glad it does though. Not that we couldn’t have worked something out.”
“What was it?” John asked calmly.
“Thank
Dean emerged a few hours later for a food run.
He checked his phone for the first time since he had arrived at the lodge at eight-thirty. Normally, he wouldn’t have to show up until ten as the place was a well-oiled machine. The Winter Festival never failed to make that impossible. On the bright side, things tended to calm down in the late afternoon, so despite his early appearance, he could usually slip out around four as his assistant manager came in at two in the afternoon for her shift. This allowed him to participate in some of the evening events, like the sleigh rides at the lodge and seeing the carol singers perform in the neighborhoods. He usually skipped out on the big musical act because of lack of time and/or interest.
“Merry Christmas, angel.” Dean brushed his lips against Cas’, waiting till his love was more awake before kissing him properly. “I love the keyring. I forgot to say it last night. It’s awesome. I’ve never seen anything like it.”
It worked. Those green irises sparkled like the town Christmas tree when lit. “That would be awesome! I tried to get a good look when we came in, but I bet you can really soak up the Christmas atmosphere on foot.”
A huge smile spread across Cas’ face, making Jessica’s grow broader. He quite liked her and suspected she would be an ally while navigating the Winchester family, particularly John, now that Cas was all in.
“And you lose your shit every fucking time.”
Pride surged through him knowing his son had received early acceptance into his first choice for college. Jack had been wanting to go to Columbia University in New York City since the eighth grade with Northwestern, and Princeton also on his wish list.
Sure enough, his lover came a few seconds later, spurting cum over Dean’s hand as well as his own stomach, just as Dean had done. They collapsed onto the carpeted floor, holding and touching and kissing as they came down from a high they hadn’t encountered in a very long time.
“The tree was so ugly that year,” Sam lamented in his spot next to Jessica.
Dean had swallowed the huge lump in his throat. He knew this hot dad meant Scrapyard Dogs and not him specifically, but damn the other man might as well have meant exactly that.
Mind blown by such unmitigated kindness, it took Cas some time before he was able to form a cohesive thought. “You did? But you don’t really know me.”
“Jack,” Cas warned.
date? What was your first?” Bobby was doing his best to catch up. “I thought this Cas guy had been pissed at you since the incident.”
Definitely a boyfriend move.
Nothing else needed his attention, so Cas cut his losses and called it a day. He pulled on his coat and looped his scarf around his neck as he headed out. No sooner had he told Anna that the lodge was in her care, he heard his name called out. His heart tightened at the voice, then plummeted when he saw how wrecked Dean was — not to mention Sam and Jessica, who were with him.
“Well, I don’t know. Maybe a tourist will outbid him.”
“What about you, Cas? How do you unwind?”
A loaded smile played on Dean’s lips. That
“I see you two have a few things in common,” Sam teased his brother. Seeing Cas’ confusion, he continued, “Dean crashes for a good twenty-four hours after every tour. He’s also a movie fan. Good, bad, ugly. He watches them all.”
“Less sticky and crusty would be nice,” Castiel admitted, his eyes bright though heavy lidded. “Go on then.”
“Okay, then.” He clearly had not been prepared to be given such a direct answer. The twitch of one side of his mouth showed he enjoyed it. “Look, I’m sorry I was such an ass. The last thing I want is for things to be weird between us.”
Looking down at his clothes, the angel frowned. “Not sure. I was bleeding profusely before I had healed myself once you freed me. She did get more than a few good punches and slices in before I ended her. It took longer than I had expected. She knew what she was doing. Put up one hell of a fight once I finally cornered her. I suspect she had training. Her sparring skills were unparalleled. We ended up in the woods a couple miles east of the house. I will never look at a pine cone the same way again.”
Torn between letting Cas sleep and waking him up so they could both be awake as the hour approached nine, Dean had opted for the latter, pulling back the covers till Cas’ somewhat hard cock appeared. He had sucked the head first, dipping his tongue into the slit. Both Cas, who had been half-awake at this point, and his cock had liked that, so Dean had started stroking the shaft while he continued to suck. His eyes had looked up to find his lover’s pupils blown as Cas had carded his fingers through Dean’s brown hair.
“That’s what nightstands are for, man,” Dean teased from his current position, which had him resting on his forearms with his ass in the air.
“So don’t think for a second that I’m giving up my family if he can’t get onboard,” Dean continued. “You’ve made my life better, Cas. I’m not letting you go for anything. Besides, Sammy isn’t going anywhere. Not after the way he went to bat for you in there.”
“Play it!” came the reply. “Please?”
“Absolutely,” Jody assured him with a smile. “I’ll give you the nickel tour, but you guys will have plenty of time to get the lay of the land. You have two whole days to yourself before the festival. Don’t worry. You will see the venues where you will be playing during that time. I want to make sure you’re comfortable with everything and it’s to your satisfaction.”
It happened two years later in California while Dean was visiting Sam at Stanford. Sam’s girlfriend Jessica Moore had heard stories of the famous singing brothers and even found some videos on YouTube to Sam’s amazement. (He had thought they sounded damn good and remembered the talent scout who sought them out, wondering if they had made the right decision. One look at Jessica had put paid to that.) She had arranged for the Winchesters to perform a short set at a bar not far from campus that the students and townies frequented.
Even Jack had noticed the spark between Cas and Dean that night in Minneapolis. He had gotten so excited at seeing how his dad reacted to this other man that he wouldn’t stop talking about it even after they had come home. Somehow, Jody had remained clueless about the identity of the mystery man Cas had flirted with that night until after closing the deal with the Winchesters. Her reaction when she had learned the truth had been priceless. Donna, Jody’s wife, beamed at Cas and told him he had better make a move on Dean while he was in town.
Wreaths hung on each of the double doors of the entrance. Inside, Canadian pine garland was strung near the ceiling along each wall of the lobby, as well as the front desk. Giant red bows were tired around each newel at the main stairs with red and gold ribbons woven around the handrails. An enormous, decorated Christmas tree sat in the common area facing the large windows looking out onto the driveway, fake presents situated beneath to complete the look.
“It looks like the set of a damn Hallmark movie,” Sam observed dumbly. “I thought it was a joke that Christmas could throw up on a town.”
“They’re not nicknames,” he corrected when he broke the kiss. “They’re terms of endearment.”
One person did not participate in teasing Dean.
Slowly, he lifted his eyes to meet Dean’s. “And now that you have? Is it that horrible?”
“Yeah, I’ve been praying, too,” Dean admitted. “He’ll be in touch. Probably just taking a time out to recharge or something. The assclown he chased might have taken a bit of juice to put down, you know?”
“Conversation for another time,” he replied with a wink.
“Buttermilk’s overrated anyway.” That blush deepened and the tip of Dean’s tongue darted out to run across his lower lip.
They didn’t eat.
Turning to where the stockings were hung, he reached over to where a small, red box dressed in white ribbon and topped with a bow sat on the base of the holder supporting Dean’s. “Would you look at that?”
This had seemed to jolt Hot Dad out of his brief reverie and he took the musician’s hand. “Cas.”
“You tell me your last name.”
“Eighteen years. I moved to Snow Falls not long after college. Came for a visit and found a home. I wasn’t expecting it, but I couldn’t be happier. I was lucky despite everything.” He put a hand on Jack’s shoulder. “Even managed to become a father, which was not on my to-do list. Best thing to ever happen to me.”
He leaned forward a little, letting Dean capture his mouth in the gentlest way. Cas kissed him back in a similar fashion, then again, with a bit more determination. His lips curled up when he heard his partner moan his approval.
look into it. Especially with Jack starting college in the fall.”
Hearing the anger and resentment in Jack’s voice had brought back the painful memories of his ill-fated relationship with Bal Hart, a consultant hired by the town council to position Snow Falls as a tourist destination.
“My pleasure,” Castiel whispered his reply near Dean’s ear. “I love being held by you. We can stay like this for as long as you want.”
Once he had accepted this, Cas became content and moved on with his life. Everything remained status quo for years until Dean entered the picture. Now that he was here, Cas didn’t want him to leave and, it seemed, Dean felt the same. Still, he struggled with the expected questions: Was it too soon? Were they moving too fast? What was too fast when you had fallen for someone who felt the same?
“Thank you for wanting me to understand. Believe me when I say I do. We will always know where we stand with one another. I promise you that. As for wanting you and wanting to enjoy all of this? I am right there with you, baby.”
“I think you might know him. Quiet. Handsome.
“I haven’t been to a strip club in a very long time.”
Before he had gotten out of the car when Cas dropped him off at the lodge, Dean had asked him if he had any favorite Christmas carols. Never too late to switch up the set list, he had told him.
“You driving him nuts with the concert schedule for this week? We’ve seen all the venues. Checked each one out thoroughly. It’s all good.” Bobby opened his mouth, but Dean cut him off. “Yeah, yeah. I know you’re still going to check them out for yourself again tomorrow. Probably already talked to Jody about it, too. I’m right, aren’t I?”
As the miles clicked over on the odometer, his thoughts drifted to how he felt about Castiel. This wasn’t the first time this had happened. Over the years they had known each other, from the first moment he saw him if he was being honest, Dean had felt a pull toward the tall, dark, and handsome angel with the gravelly voice not unlike his own (though not as deep).
For fun, the family would sing cover songs with everyone taking up an instrument. Sam and Dean started writing songs in high school and even played Dean’s senior prom as demanded by the senior class in such a fashion that it terrified the principal and vice principals. More gigs followed in their hometown of Lawrence, Kansas, until Sam had graduated and headed to Stanford University in California, where he had intended to study law. He never made it to law school, but did earn his bachelor’s degree.
“Let me know if you need anything.”
Just as his tongue stuck out to wet his lips, Castiel got an idea. While adding another digit to the one he already was using and finger fucking his lover was a valid option, it wasn’t what the angel wanted. He needed to taste Dean, that sensation from before still fresh in his memory. So, he withdrew his finger and licked a strip directly over that pretty pink hole.
“The best! Amirite?!” Gabriel delivered Cas’ coffee, putting it down right in front of him. “Seriously, Dean’s parents are going to be asking when the wedding is come Christmas night. Before they catch the plane home on Sunday at the latest.”
not. Because it was Cas who got real with me and made it clear that we share our lives, but not our bank accounts.”
“I disagree.”
“Play it for me tonight when we get home.”
“However, I didn’t fall for the town until I saw it through one person’s eyes. Now, this person means a hell of a lot to me.” He looked down at the front row, easily finding Cas as he was with Jack, Jess, and John and Mary. Dean winked, grinning when Cas shook his head as the corners of his mouth lifted. “There was no question in my mind that I was going to dedicate a song to him tonight. I even knew the song.”
Still, the uncertain look on Sam’s face concerned him. Cas had a feeling their
a good guy?”
“Sounds like we missed quite the party this afternoon,” Jo quipped.
His eyes fell on the tattoo written in Enochian that Castiel had applied when he was human for a period to stop the angels from hunting him down after unwittingly participating in a spell that evicted the angels from Heaven and made them mortal. Castiel had gotten it not long before he lost his virginity. Dean delicately ran his fingers over the words located on the lower left of his boyfriend’s abdomen.
His eyes scanned the faces that passed them by as they walked along the sidewalk as well as those across the street. Dean hadn’t been fully aware he was doing it, but he was looking for someone. The odds were incredibly low he would find this person here of all places. He didn’t even know the guy’s full name for crying out loud. They had a nice little exchange during a meet and greet in Minneapolis last month where Dean and Sam had agreed to autograph merchandise bought at the show following their performance as the opening act.
“Because I wanted you to make your own decisions without thinking I was pressuring you in any way.” Cas sighed. “I saw the look on your face that night we drove by it. Love at first sight. Just like it was for me. When you said you were thinking about moving here, I knew it was the only rental on the market, but I couldn’t bring myself to say anything out of fear you would think I was trapping you.”
Sam grinned, nodding. “Fair enough. Besides, can’t leave Jack all alone with you and his dad being all handsy.”
“Well, you two didn’t come here to talk to me all night. Dean, it was a pleasure to meet you. I hope you’ll introduce me to your parents when they get here. Already told your brother I want to meet that girl of his. Enjoy your skate, boys.”
To his relief, hearing her name didn’t bring any pain. There was some sadness, knowing he had done her wrong by extending their relationship as long as he had. It still amazed him how she never blamed him for that. She had wanted it to work out as much as he had, but sometimes
“I get it. I do.” Dean sighed. “I’m just as guilty. I take off with no notice and shut everyone out. I’ll do better. I won’t do that to you if you promise not to do that to me.”
before attacking. Following a drawn out tussle, Castiel emerged the victor after using the angel blade he always kept on his person to eviscerate the celestial being leaving their vessel an empty husk. This was not the first of his kind he had killed and was all too aware it would not be the last.
Now, he took the time to look at what had been so sensitive to spark such an intense reaction when he had barely touched it. This was his first time seeing an anus. Contrary to its ugly name, it was rather beautiful. A pink starburst. Castiel began to understand why those people in erotic films had such an oral fixation when it came to the ass.
Yes, he concluded. He was definitely the hare.
Popcorn break gave everyone time to stretch and hit the bathroom and check their phones. Sam excused himself after seeing Jessica had left a voicemail, slipping into the small office tucked into the back of the house on that floor at Cas’ suggestion. Jack made himself scarce to give Cas and Dean a little alone time between movies. The would-be couple (they had yet to define the relationship) kissed and hugged, enjoying having a few precious moments together.
“I got you, angel. Always will.” Dean pressed a kiss on that special spot on Cas’ neck and it was the last thing Cas remembered until he woke up seventy-five minutes after his alarm should have gone off.
“Far too long ago.” Dean looked at Jody. “You said this place we’re staying at has good food?”
“Yeah, I guess it was,” he admitted now. “I like him, okay? I’m pretty sure he likes me, too. We sparked that night in Minneapolis. We both know it. For now, we’re just taking things one day at a time.”
Framing Cas’ face with his hands, Dean captured his mouth in a meaningful way. He wasn’t in a rush as he assumed there would be plenty of time for a proper plundering of Cas’ perfect mouth. A gasp blew out of him when Cas roughly brought Dean closer, but the speed and pacing of their kissing didn’t change. Dean liked that this kind, thoughtful man needed him as much as he did. That any time or space apart was unwelcome, unthinkable.
Dean wrapped his lips around Castiel’s long, slender cock taking in as much as he could without gagging. It was his first blow job, but he prayed whatever he lacked in technique, he would make up with in enthusiasm. He knew this was a first for his boyfriend, too. Didn’t mean they couldn't enjoy it. Already, he was making a mental note to look into reducing his gag reflex. Listening to Castiel moaning his name and giving him instructions and praising him when he got it right filled Dean with joy.
Cas nodded in understanding. “Sorry if I freaked you out with my forthrightness when I gave you the key card. I was just trying to be friendly and may have overplayed my hand.”
Picking up on the frisson of lust between the two men, Sam announced he was taking Jack to the wings of the stage and that Cas could join them in a few. As they walked away, Jack showed that Sam wasn’t alone in his observation.
“Bobby doesn’t approve?” Mary’s voice rang out in the silence that followed Dean’s challenge to his father. She was surprised. Dean heard it loud and clear.
“Yes. Me.”
“Sleep. Hang out with Jack, and Jody and Donna. Watch movies. Occasionally, I manage to read a book. Donna, Jody’s wife, keeps trying to get me to join her book club, but I think it’s less about the literature than she lets on.” He paused to consider what he had said. “Maybe I
Phone in hand now, Cas saw he had a text from Dean.
Jody Mills was desperate.
“I’m sorry it took me so long,” Dean apologized.
Maybe it was just him.
He turned his warm gaze toward Dean, who felt an electric spark when Cas’ finger brushed against his own as he took the key card. The blood rushed to his cock when Cas spoke next.
“Like there was any doubt.”
There wasn’t a time crunch now, but Dean knew they didn’t have all night. Cas had to be up early the next morning and he had an all-day rehearsal for the big Christmas Eve concert at The Barn, which would be held in forty-eight hours. He was nervous as hell about that one since it also would be live streaming on Snow Falls’ YouTube channel with all donations going to a homeless shelter in the area that focuses on LGBTQ+ youth who have been kicked out by their families.
“You’re right,” Dean admitted. “You do know me as well as Sam. But let’s leave him out of this for tonight. He’s the last person I want to think about when there is so much I want to do to you, with you.”
“Of course, he did!” He replied just as loudly.
The town was bustling with shoppers and the tail end of the lunch crowd. Cas lucked into a parking spot a couple blocks from the square. He contemplated going home — the walk was ten minutes each way — but when the spot became available, he took it. No point looking a gift horse in the mouth. They got out and headed toward the tree with Cas watching as Dean soaked in Snow Falls at the height of its powers.
“Turkey.”
An appreciative smile was aimed at Cas. “Reading, though I never have as much time to indulge in it as I would like. Guess everyone feels that way. Um, hunting, actually. I find it centers me. In the off-season, I build guitars to auction off. The money goes to a charity we support for LGBTQ+ kids.”
“Relax! It’s cool,” Jessica assured him. “They usually do this at the Lawrence shows, so I guess Snow Falls really is Dean’s new home. It’s a compliment, Cas!”
“Your brother said that you get stupid when you’re hungry.”
He captured his mouth in a searing kiss that obliterated all thought from Cas’ head, allowing his body to take over. Cas started thrusting, making sure to hit that spot as Dean fell apart beneath him. His lips went over the hot skin of his lover as Dean’s hands glided over every inch of Cas they could reach.
“Because we’ll ejaculate.”
The conversation came to a halt when Jody got everyone’s attention. She introduced her “amazing wife” Donna to the Winchesters and Bobby, then praised her wife’s culinary skills to the crowd. Once Jody was finished, Donna thanked everyone for coming and announced that dinner was ready to be served, encouraging them all to move into the dining room.
“Oh shit. Fuck. That’s it, Cas. Right there. Yes. Yes. Oh fucking hell, yes!” After these epithets, Dean took his lover’s name in vain for the rest of the act.
At half-past eleven on Christmas Eve morning, Dean and Sam welcomed their parents and Sam’s longtime girlfriend Jessica Moore to Snow Falls when the trio walked into the lobby of the White Spruce Mountain Lodge. The brothers had been rather laissez faire about their incoming parents until about an hour before their arrival when the anticipation of seeing them again had adrenaline coursing through their veins. Jessica coming to town, meanwhile, had Sam fit to burst for days he was so excited.
“No. This is not on you.” He glared at the entrance to the dining room, almost willing his father to return so he could do something violent. Punching him in the head was the current fantasy playing in his mind.
“Thunderdome rules.”
“Now, I’m getting peeks into the real you and I’m liking what I see. I want to get to know the real you, Cas. That’s what friends do, right?”
plus the two films — the less said about the second one the better — one long weekend a few months ago. He felt he was a Charlotte with the potential to be a Carrie. Dean was Samantha and obviously Sam was Miranda.)
No sooner had he raised his hand to knock on the suite’s door, it swung open. An exasperated Sam stood at the threshold.
“You’re boyfriend’s so weird, Cas. I can see why you like him.”
That compliment had taken Dean’s breath away. He had held Hot Dad’s gaze for a long moment before he regained his composure. The look of compassion and understanding in those blue eyes had made Dean wish he could ask him out.
“You wrote me a song?”
And that’s when Dean realized the truth.
” He slammed his hand against the steering wheel. A slow breath left him, allowing him a moment to collect himself. “Sam’s worried, too. You happy? We’re both worried about you.” The anger dissipated as quickly as it surged, replaced with naked fear. “Just come to me, Cas. Please. We’ll figure this out together. I need you so much.”
“Man, I am
family. You, Jack, Jody, Donna, and Claire. I have never felt so accepted by a group of people I don’t share DNA with. It has meant the world to me.”
because Jack had shown him the scene with the psychotic gingerbread men, which he had loved. Also, Toni Collette. Sam picked
“So not bitchy, so much as horny.”
“Dude. Ew.” Sam got up to grab his boots and coat.
It got even more embarrassing when the new arrivals went to get checked in as Jack was on front desk duty. Mary Winchester’s blue gray eyes widened when she made the connection.
“As you said, John, we are in a popular Christmas town and as it is the final day of the festival, everyone is out enjoying the myriad activities available ahead of the big finale, which, as you know, is the Scrapyard Dogs concert out at The Barn. I imagine you’ll see more come back later for dinner, but a number will dine at the downtown restaurants.
“If you’re looking for an activity to pass the time before the show, I recommend Arcade Alley, which has a number of seasonal twists on familiar games. As a retired Marine and with your field experience, I think you will do quite well at the snowball toss. Or perhaps you prefer to watch a movie in the park? I can get you a schedule, but I know
From that moment on, they had each other’s backs. The fights had become fewer and their parents could breathe easier.
For as long as he could remember, Dean Winchester and his brother Sam had been joined at the hip. Dean had fond memories of those first four years without his younger sibling. They weren’t particularly vivid, but he remembered being showered with love by their parents. And shoving his face into a blueberry pie. His love of pie ran so deep, his family teased that it was his true love. There was truth in the humor. Then, Sam arrived and he had an instant friend. Their dad John told him it was Dean’s job to “look after Sammy” once the brothers had been introduced. It was an order the elder boy had taken to heart and continued to carry out even now.
He meant both syllables with every fiber of his being. “Got any advice for me, counsellor?”
“Your brother has decided to think with his dick instead of his head. That’s all.” Bobby scowled. “Wants to play happy families with Cas and Jack instead of being a musician who has a band to think about.”
“Claire,” Cas growled. He could feel his cheeks burning at the insinuation. Not because he was embarrassed by his feelings for Dean, but because she called him out on it. On the count of three, he chanced a glance at Dean, who also had a tint on his cheeks that was too intense to be entirely from the cold air on this overcast day.
“You.”
A mix of Scrapyard Dogs originals and Christmas songs, including “The Christmas Song” by The Raveonettes, Over the Rhine’s “Darlin’ (Christmas Is Coming),” “Merry Christmas Darling” (a favorite of Mary’s), Rufus Wainwright’s “Spotlight on Christmas,” and “a kick-ass cover” (per Sam) of “White Christmas,” made the set list. The tunes had the crowd on their feet and dancing in the aisles for the better part of the show.
Dean glanced at Cas, who had his eyes on the computer screen in front of him while he got them registered.
The Realtor had informed Dean of the lone rental and of the four houses available to buy, unable to go into a real sales pitch since her potential client didn’t have time. She did tell him that he could find all information on the firm’s website, giving Dean her card should he have any questions. When he looked up the properties while enjoying a few moments of downtime at the park, he couldn’t believe the house that was available to rent. It was the one he swooned over the other night on Primrose Path. The cottage with the red door that, judging from the exterior, would be perfect for him. He then remembered seeing a “for rent” sign on the front lawn.
Dean took his place at the stage piano to his left, Sam sat behind the drum kit, and Jo traded her electric guitar for a classical one. The opening notes of Amanda Marshall’s “If I Didn’t Have You” floated in the air. Before long, the audience was swaying and slow dancing where there was room. At the piano, Dean was oblivious to everything outside of the band and Cas.
Cas buried his face in his hands. “Ohmigod. Kill me now.”
“Worth it,” Cas retorted. “Now, where were we?”
“Or maybe you have a guest room? I’m hoping by that undated summer we’ll be such good friends that I get the upgrade.”
“Sam and Dean Winchester are here. Should I send them in?”
The rumpus this declaration ignited from the others triggered an impish grin to spread across Cas’ lips. Dean howled with laughter and cheered, holding up both hands to Cas for a double high-five, which he received.
When Sam tried to close the show, someone yelled out, “‘Maybe This Christmas!’”
Dean snorted. “Please. I’d sit bitch. Best of both worlds.”
“On Christmas?” his parents said simultaneously.
“Confused. Feeling a more than a little stupid.”
He let out an exasperated sigh at the older man. “Don’t be a dick. You have Ellen. I have Jess. Why can’t Dean have Cas? Neither of us get to see our partners enough, but at least we have someone to come home to. It’s not like he’s leaving the band, Bobby. We all have a way to make our relationships work. It’s time for Dean to figure it out, too.”
John led the way as Jessica, still holding onto Cas' arm, pulled him to the right toward the backstage entrance while Mary put an arm over Jack’s shoulders to guide him in the same direction. Bobby was waiting for them, taking over as captain of this expedition.
“I am.”
“Hell yes, I do. Often.”
Sam had joined them, seemingly to his brother’s chagrin, Cas noted. However, he was happy Sam was here. This whole evening was a good chance to get to know him a little. It would be nice if the same could happen with Bobby, but Sam was an excellent start.
“He remembered!” Jack shouted into his other ear. The surprise on his son’s face was precious and Cas was thrilled they were able to share this moment together.
Two things happened simultaneously to Dean when Cas spoke: first, he jumped a good two inches off the seat; and second, his insides melted like chocolate over an open flame. He let out a rather loud “
Thankfully, a trumpet flare sounded signaling the tree lighting ceremony was about to begin. Cas said a silent prayer while smiling at his friends and putting his arm around his son’s shoulders. He was grateful for their support, and loved that Ellen and Jo thought of Dean and Sam as family. It gave him more confidence in his growing feelings for the older Winchester brother.
,” he glared at Bobby, “while Cas thought it over.”
One side of Dean’s mouth lifted at this. “If I fuck your brains out, will that help?”
While Jack tensed as he stood behind the front desk, Dean wasn’t bothered. He and his father had done this dance so many times over the years that it was old hat now. It was the only way they would officially greet each other and Dean wouldn’t trade it for the world.
Sam sounded worried and that did not sit well with Dean. If his brother was concerned, it would only seep into his own bones and he didn’t have the wherewithal to deal with that. He needed to be fucking optimistic and Sam was harshing his rosy glow.
Castiel grinned, tossing the underwear to him. “Deal. I want to see how gorgeous my human looks wearing them.”
Dean bowed his head, placing one kiss on Cas’ shoulder and another on the pulse point of his neck. A small grin appeared when he heard a soft moan from his friend. He hated referring to Cas as a friend when he was so much more. Yet boyfriend wasn’t on the table right now. Don’t even mention the phrase
“We do,” Cas informed them. “It’s been in Jack’s mom’s family for three generations. Come on, I’ll check you guys in.” To his son, he instructed, “Jack, why don’t you get their bags out of the car?”
