more at least, he'd be pleased enough...and
"And, look—they have a
, swelling with poignancy to mark the moment.
"That's a whole different kind of moping. Trust me, you do enough of that too, and you always look sort of like a sad Disney princess when you're doing it. Also, for your information, your David doldrums give you stomachache; they're unmistakable. But you've been acting like
Sprawling and formal as it was, John thought the country home itself rather charming, if a bit more ornate than he preferred. Its shabby rooms were moderately crowded, filled with a buzz of quiet conversation as collectors and bargain hunters meandered through and clustered in small groups with their heads together.
"I know," she smiled. "It's nice, though, being able to spend the day
After his risky mission had been finally accomplished and the time had come to move on—with newly coloured hair and the alias of "Scott Seward"—he hadn't reminisced upon the host he'd left. Had Anna not required assistance, he would not be here; he might not have revisited the events of that week at all, beyond the unpleasant wakings with
Before he could catch his breath and straighten, the leader had begun to speak, a harsh stream of rapid-fire interrogatory French that John found completely unintelligible. The emotional gist of the angry accusation was clear, but the specific meaning was beyond him; it seemed to John that most of the focus had been on his friend so far, and it wasn't until he noticed the tall man flipping through their confiscated wallets at the back of the room that he understood.
It was good to see him so happy,
Molly hummed a noise of agreement into her glass. "Isn't
He chuckled as he opened the gate and ushered her through. "Ah, you've got me, sweet! I confess, I had an ulterior motive."
was a rare victory, indeed.
Greg had seen it all, he sometimes thought.
John thought back on Sherlock's face at the restaurant, when Sarah's text message had come. Although there had been an unmistakable flash of disappointment and anger, it had been quickly banished. He'd put up no argument, graciously staying behind to pay their check; he'd even offered a smile and a small wave through the window, as John had opened the door to his cab.
John shrugged on his good side. As he did, he realised that his friend had begun moving beside him, pulling away to wriggle back and forth.
"Never mind, all right? Forget about it."
"Some of them," Anna nodded. "As many as I can."
They're on the case; I'm safe...and so loved.
"Well, it can happen anytime you like, far as I'm concerned," he told her, his voice thickly muffled as he shifted his ministrations over her collarbone and moved his free hand along her side.
A pleasant afternoon of work at the surgery, and a casual conversation with a friend who cares: John never expected it could lead to finding himself confronted with such a distressing truth.
Blondy spat another incomprehensible taunt into his face, this time reaching out without warning and twisting John's aching nose roughly between thumb and forefinger.
"I'd been a sergeant on his team about three and a half years, when he pulled the Runnell case. Jim was a solid DI—you ever get to work with him, at all?"
The thought drew John to glance over at Greg's blank face, realising with some surprise that his companion had shown no overt signs of comprehension in the minutes since they'd been pulled from the storage room.
Seeing them at that party, though...my scientific cynicism's been crushed.
Multiple rooms of his Mind Palace were devoted wholly to the study and classification of John's emotions; charts and diagrams plotted the variant subsets, their relative frequency and their correlations to various types of stimuli. File upon file, neat polished cabinets stacked to the coffered ceilings in his imagination, held the visual evidence of each unique twitch of his nose and clench of his hands, each pursing of his thin lips. Still further leather-bound folios rested on stands, filled with notations on every instance when Sherlock had seen John conceal his usual tells beneath the commanding strength of his soldier's demeanor, or otherwise hide his state of mind from sight...and then, of course, there were the audio references. These were kept, rather fancifully, in a long bank of small labelled apothecary drawers, each containing a memorable vocal cue or snippet...all except for one
Anna smiled in blushing disbelief at her good fortune, with her face still burrowed into her pillow; one incredible thing about this particular settling-in was, so far, the periodic realisation of its permanence.
<3 M.
She had both hands full of brightly coloured silk, trying to decide whether to fill her first cabinet by manufacturer numbers or separate the threads by shade, when the phone rang. Rushing to juggle all the skeins into one hand, she reached for the phone and answered without looking.
about it," Brian drawled.
Anna pulled back, blushing at the soft
"Not really, it's just a mix of stuff. Please don't think you have to unpack these as they come, sweetie; these ones are mostly a few books, photo albums, summer clothes..."
"No, not for that—well, yes, that too. Thank you for bringing me here, I do like it. But...thank you for accepting me."
Anna stood before the extinct bird for a long minute, tilting her head slowly to one side. "All right, I have to give it to you. This is still creepy, I'm not budging on that...but it's kind of an awesome creepy." She turned and linked her arm casually into his elbow as they walked on through the gallery. "So, tell me about this case where you had to compare bird bones..."
"...long enough, it's fine, d'you think?"
The restaurant was certainly a bit fancier than what Anna was used to, for lunch. Elegant draperies swooped from a high vaulted ceiling, and the chairs were upholstered in rich crushed velvet; a live string quartet sat on a raised dais in one corner and sent delicate strains of music across the space.
belong, when you come home."
John looked up in mild surprise at the non sequitur. "You're mine, too," he responded softly.
"Fine, well you can't blame me can you? It's not like
What better examples of this, than the string of too-recent memories that still brought the taste of bile to his throat? The sight of John, dangling from the glass railing with slipping fingers, his face gone pale and panicked. The look in Lestrade's eyes, as he came to the unavoidable realisation that Anna might have been poisoned, and the unexpected churning in Sherlock's gut as he found he was mirroring at least some of the man's intense emotions. The cold, disorienting shock that had swept over Sherlock as he stood in that dark alley, reading the distinct evidence of a violent brawl that had clearly not ended well...
that it's about me and Greg, and I'm certain I'd still be in love with him no matter what the rest of the situation was. But...I feel like, if
"I have no idea what you're talking about..."
step!" Anna patted him on the shoulder comfortingly, handed him the soy sauce before he could turn to ask for it, then began to lay out the situation in a chattering tone that suggested she'd given it all a great deal of thought. "To start with, I figure you and I should go over my planner together, talk about all the ideas I've filed away. Then, once we're agreed on the biggest details, we can ask our attendants to help us out a little while we work on the rest—
"Clearly, you've got some resentment over past events to work through, here. But—"
"Excuse me?"
From there, the evening's conversation continued to progress in a fairly haphazard way, which wasn't too surprising. Two out of the three of them were busy professionals, with demanding jobs. Opportunities to socialise outside their respective circles of coworkers were sometimes hard to come by, and the freedom to gossip unchecked brought with it a sort of manic, girlish energy, a friendly euphoria only heightened by the alcohol. They hopped from topic to topic with minimal segue as thoughts occurred: from the television programmes Anna had begun to enjoy, they leapt to the recent amusing antics of Molly's cat. Somehow, that led to a sudden suggestion from Sally that they meet at a karaoke bar for their next ladies' get-together—an idea that shortly sent them all into raucous laughter; the consensus was to put the option on the back burner, at least for the time being.
John perked up. "
Likewise, there was a list of
was not something to be thought of, or spoken of; that was
Still, there was a general air of goodwill as Sherlock crossed through the mostly-quiet bullpen on the fourth floor.
"I know, I caught an earful from her about it last week, too," Greg admitted ruefully. "But I do have a case on, right now. I promise!"
friends—had promised to watch out for issues, and they'd never mentioned anything worrisome to her...but over the past months, she'd noticed Greg changing on her phone and computer screen from week to week. His facial expressions, the sound of his voice, his increasingly careful choice of words when she asked after him: she'd been sure, by mid-autumn, that he was trying hard to cover the evidence of a slide into depression.
"Good," John replied easily, shifting his attention to the Reuben sandwich on his red plastic luncheon tray. As he picked it up and took the first bite, the tangy aroma of sauerkraut and Russian dressing drifted across the booth; Sherlock wrinkled his nose and turned to stare out the window.
"Prat," smiled Lestrade; he sighed a little, and his relief at the break in the mood was palpable.
Greg blinked, eyes wide. "That sounds horrid, love. You should have called! I've tried to tell you, I won't mind."
In the sudden silence, Anna looked across at Brian with a new appreciation, feeling a sort of manic giggle pressing against the back of her tongue.
Sherlock declined to take the obvious bait. It wasn't a topic that warranted discussion, at the moment. Lestrade was what Lestrade was...and he'd already decided that was good enough. Concrete terms were superfluous.
She threw a sharp, assessing glance up at him, leading him to reconsider his answer.
Returning to the hallway, he surveyed the boxes. If he sorted out just
"Sherlock! It's good to see you!"
he reminded himself,
"Something about the
With a wry twist of his lips, Sherlock shrugged out of his coat and complied.
Sherlock shrugged and interlocked his fingers behind his head.
"Until Monday, at least, when my problem will be leaving for
"You're damn right it is," Greg hissed. He stepped up close behind the shorter man, instinctively blocking easy view of John's suspicious-looking movements. "Are you sure Sherlock's here? Doesn't look like
, today. You and Lestrade will make a fine welcome, without me sulking about being unsociable and boorish. It's better this way, John, don't you see?"
a memory of Chicago that should be first on the list of the unpleasantness he wanted gone...the moment he'd first slipped, the bitter longing that had choked him, the stabbing pain as the American's words had touched something he'd buried deep inside.
"Yeah, I'm sure
It was as if Greg's brain and his mouth had somehow become entirely disconnected. He certainly hadn't planned on this—sure, his sling wasn't on and his robe was closed, and that hadn't
"Well, that's that for another couple months. Nice to have a quiet day to get it done," sighed Sally behind him as he composed a quick reply.
all this, anyway?" Sherlock asked, tipping himself upright in the chair again and reaching out for the papers she'd indicated. "Physical case records are kept elsewhere; do you keep duplicates, even after they're entered into the computerised records? That would be inefficient."
Sherlock accepted it and began slicing delicately through the tape. "You didn't?" he asked mildly.
. And all I can do to make up for that is help you tie up this case, and put it away properly."
-----
Sally snorted derisively. "Might have something to do with the times you threatened to have him arrested for tampering with your equipment..."
"Completely. Don't worry, all of the books are wildly inexpensive, today; clearly the executor has no idea what they're selling in this collection. I've already purchased a larger gift suitable for Sherlock's derision, at any rate."
things...
-----
," she joked, leaning onto her elbows, mesmerised by the things his movements were doing to the line of his shoulders and back.
"Look, I'm used to this; but the fact remains we're guests, tonight. It seems like Anna went to a lot of trouble here, and I'd really rather you not upset her."
Sherlock made a mental note to consume something before the end of the day, to appease the man. He was certain the opportunity would arise before their evening's meeting with Brewster; they would, after all, need to reconvene with Greg and Anna in advance of it. Not immediately, though. He wanted to give Anna as much of the day as possible to herself, in recompense for imposing upon her during the night. As well, he found himself embarrassed at the thought of being back in her presence so soon, knowing what she now knew.
I punch my pillow into the mattress—two, three times. Hard.
suspect that could have made this easy to resolve!"
"A matched set of poor sods," Greg agreed. "Mine's driving me batty already, how about yours?"
he grinned, shucking his coat. Three weeks, that was all that remained, and then that answering voice would be a reality. And if those three weeks managed to pass as easily and quickly as this Thursday had done, it would surely feel like no time at all. Greg knew the aphorism about not wishing his life away, but in this case he felt no compunction about hoping for the best. If skipping ahead to the good parts wasn't actually possible, at least he could relish the knowledge that they were coming ever closer.
John twisted his head around and squinted at him. "Your breathing sounds okay from here. Any trouble?"
And to top it all,
He knew he should be used to these evenings, by this point. They had been going on throughout the time he'd known Sherlock, although he hadn't always been aware of their regularity, or of what they entailed. These days he understood more, enough to vaguely picture what was happening; having an explanation should have made it less unsettling, on the whole.
John's face cycled through five distinct permutations of emotion before settling on something straddling tenderness and sympathy. "Oh, Sherlock," he said softly, "you don't need to leave yourself out. I know I make a point of meeting up with Greg on my own regularly, but I don't make you stay home so that I can have a good time
And, there: that was the crux of it, the painful paradox that closed his throat when he tried to find honest words to offer in return for Anna's selfless trust...because sentiment was a double-sided trap. Sentiment was a comfort he'd learned to crave, and the further he slipped down into its habits, the more of its distraction he desired...
for all that he delighted in proclaiming himself so. And after three years of mourning Sherlock's suicide had ended in such a revelation—alive, justified, determined to protect—his overall opinion of Sherlock's potential had become far more optimistic. Sometimes, though, lying awake in the depths of night, Greg could still imagine a future without the benefit of Sherlock's brilliance.
Unfamiliar with the name, he opened it up. The title page proclaimed it a second edition copy, printed in 1807. It was in excellent condition, John noted as he flipped through a few pages near the back; when densely packed footnote print gave way to centred text, his attention was caught. In the middle of a series of dry and offhand notes about thermal circulation and the chemical production of gases, there was a
"Because I
Thanks for your patience. :)
"Sure. Sorry, Greg . . . have results for you soon."
-----
you," he rasped; when the call disconnected he immediately chugged what remained in the bottle.
"Sure about that?"
"Well...I guess so. Yeah. He—he trusted me to take care of his things."
"What I
"Nope."
Anna frowned deeply and stared at her feet.
There was a star beside the date.
"You and I should do this again, sometime."
"It's okay. I know it's important to your family, spending this time with you. Don't worry about me, love; you and I, we'll have all the time in the world, soon enough." He made a little face around a swig of his beer—he hadn't intended such a sappy, cliché line—but she didn't make a joke of it.
"All right. It's unimportant; I merely planned on discussing what cocktail components he and Anna might prefer us to have on hand. I'll simply text him later, to confirm my deductions."
"He usually locks his door, when he's out of the building," Sherlock observed, taking the opportunity to fling himself into Lestrade's cushioned chair and arrange his limbs into a suitably relaxed display.
While he waited, amused, Greg returned his attention to the album in his lap, lingering on a picture that showed the whole family. In this shot, Ryan seemed about the age that his son was now, which meant Anna, the eldest, was roughly twelve; Greg studied the smiling faces of their parents behind them, realising that they'd posed for this shot less than a year before Peter's fatal car accident.
"I suppose you've got a point. Lestrade still hasn't quite managed to adjust; I keep catching him looking around with an expression incredibly like a lost dog, after he's come into a room fully prepared to scold you and me for arguing," Sherlock chuckled.
working a lot of long shifts, that year..."
It had been barely two weeks since he'd relocated here, to the two storey terraced house that Sherlock had scouted out unbidden. The move had been meant to occur at the first of the month, but a tough murder had come up to throw a wrench in the works—hardly a surprise, really. Greg considered himself lucky that both his previous landlord and his new one had proven flexible in regards to key turnovers. Now, of course, he could consider himself lucky in a few other ways—not least of which being that he'd gotten all of his furniture roughly in place before effectively losing the use of one arm for three weeks.
"He was trying to avoid my gratitude, I suspect."
Brian shook his head, grinning. "You know that the way to my heart is through that burger of yours, Hugh. I just can't stray from my true love!"
"Ah. Well, there's your mistake, John.
Sherlock's jaw gaped briefly open before he straightened, glancing around as he collected himself. The developments of the previous evening were significant, certainly—but considering their shared history, public display of affection was
Truly, it's Sherlock who surprises me.
Stepping forward silently, Sherlock took up the space she had vacated in the observation enclosure: the glass box jutted out over a metre from the side of the skyscraper, creating an invisible ledge that floated the observer's feet over the city at a height of 412 metres. The effect was, admittedly, striking. He immediately found himself running compulsive calculations in his mind—judging the likely windspeed at this height, and the projected arc of a hypothetical falling object—but this occupied him for only a second or so. The presence to his left quickly commanded his full attention.
"Protocol does seem to be your strength, more than his," he agreed. He kicked his feet up onto Lestrade's desk, ankles crossed, and leaned back indulgently. It really was quite a comfortable seat; he could see why Lestrade enjoyed his rare opportunities to relax in it.
To be completely honest, Anna didn't
"Like you."
The two of them stood there together for some time, the chill wind pushing insistently into their faces, silent in contemplation of the river and the foreign city rising up on either side of it.
Now that he thought about it, practically everything he knew about Lestrade's history fit that description. The slow implosion of his marriage; the long and desperate struggle of the relationship before that, unexpectedly brought to light before his friends; years and years of simmering animosity towards his brother...really, it was little wonder the man kept a stash of antacids on hand at all times, and a well-stocked liquor cupboard. The last year or so had involved more abrupt upheaval than the aging Inspector had likely ever had to handle in such a short period—not all of it bad, of course. But put in this light, a few of the more neurotic aspects of Lestrade's recent behaviour seemed to make more sense to Sherlock.
Anna looked up from double-checking her bags' zippers, her brows pinched briefly together in confusion. "Well, of
His brother answered, "Not half so good as
who loves nothing more than to break into locked buildings and risk my neck while my faithful partner stays shut outside..."
"I've never really understood the lure of taxidermy, myself," she murmured, gazing across the long, arched gallery with wide eyes. "I always thought the idea of stuffing and mounting dead animals was pretty creepy."
Greg chuckled. "Well,
Another silence stretched between them. He was tempted to fill it with something inconsequential, or needlessly rude; anything, really, to break the confusing tension he felt. But Lestrade was facing him down across the claustrophobic spare room, utterly still and patient, arms loose at his sides—and the
If, sometimes, John felt grateful to be on his way off to an extra shift at work, without having to remind himself of the reasons why...well, that couldn't
"Heh, yeah." He returned a wry smile, but she caught the brief tightness around his eyes, and belatedly recalled that he'd begun his investigative training in the years immediately following his girlfriend Jo's death. She scrambled to find an apology for the slip, but before she could take a breath he'd blithely continued, "At first, anyway. Bert, especially, before he met Elaine—up 'til that point, Stan and I were placing bets on how long it'd take for him to fail out of CID! She really grounded him, got him focused. It was like night and day...we never would have
"I love you, too."
seemed to hold a different flavour...
," Becky exclaimed excitedly, "hold on, can't talk out here, Kyle's bein'
"Where's he gone?" Greg wondered aloud, while John simply huffed an annoyed breath through his nose and stepped over to drop the books beside the abandoned microscope.
A tiny sound followed his quiet admission as Lestrade sucked his teeth; Sherlock buried his hands in the box and came up with a soft, fluttering expanse of thin cotton.
"How long has it been since the last time you did this?" she asked, smirking. "No, wait, let me guess. She did all the planning, and you just put on a suit and showed up when you were told?"
"Yeah. 'Course you are. Best friend I ever had. What, did you expect that to change?"
-----
John Watson gazed out over the city, his eyes remote. Sherlock's sudden proximity failed to break his intense concentration: the detective glanced out to follow the direction of his gaze, and saw nothing of great interest to draw such scrutiny. No—what the man was watching must be something else, some
a pleasant theory.
It didn't take me long to realise most Yarders had it wrong. Even with Holmes dead, it was clear Lestrade wasn't your average plodder. And when Sherlock
Sherlock exhaled through his nose, long and slow, before speaking. "You seem to operate under a different definition of 'need' than I, John."
can understand the raw data, of course, but I've summed it up simply enough on that first page that the most moronic barrister should be able to produce a conviction from it." Sherlock swept away from the window and headed out, saying, "I'll leave this in your hands now, Lestrade, and trust you not to make a muck of it from here. I've got to be off; Anna and I have plans..."
Anna sighed and tipped her head towards the ceiling. "What else am I supposed to do, Lizzie? I can't expect to maintain this place properly from four thousand miles away."
"Did I say anything?"
"Still what? John? John?" Greg frowned down at his mobile, and after a beat of silence it rang again.
"Is he sad to be retiring?"
"What are you doing?" Even as he asked, he knew the answer. Greg was testing his bonds, something John hadn't quite worked himself up to in the handful of minutes since he'd jolted himself by shifting across the room. "That's got to be hurting you?"
"It's
"Thank you, Doctor. I'll have my nephew take me to get it first thing tomorrow." The older woman levered herself carefully up from her seat, thanking him a few more times for good measure as she gathered up her coat and handbag. The door to John's small office opened just as Mrs Borden reached it; Sarah courteously held it for his patient to pass, then slipped inside and closed it behind her, with a hasty glance over her shoulder.
Anna propped her bags up behind her and slipped arms around Greg's waist from behind. "What's a problem?"
"I...actually can't tell if there's supposed to be a compliment to either of us, in there.
Lestrade wiped his palms across the knees of his jeans, then leaned sideways into the worktop, resting his chin on his hand. "You look stuck. How about I make a guess? Stab in the dark?"
The strangeness that still lingered for them both, that John still sensed beneath the casual commiserations of their phone calls, came down to guilt, as far as John could tell. Greg had no part of the blame for what had happened to them both, of course; John shouldered that on his own. He'd hoped it would ease now. The counterfeiters' ring was busted; one of the two goons had given information during questioning that had ultimately led Sherlock to the contact in France. Their injuries were healed, all the reports were filed away, and even John's sleeping had settled out for the most part. So the whole thing was over and done with.
"You didn't need to," John murmured.
"Clearly not."
, at that," Lestrade readily agreed. "It surprised me."
After a pause, Brian answered in a tone that somewhat approximated his earlier joviality. "I wanted to get us all on the same page for next week. We're doing Christmas at my place..."
unexpected.
"In the context of scandal, or murder, or other crimes of passion. Sure. But this is
"No, come
She swallowed an incredulous chuckle as they stood together to clear away their trays and walk out. "Oh, come
Water had begun to weigh Sherlock's hair down into his face; in the strobing blue light, his pale eyes were liquid and unsettled, flicking back and forth over John's features as if afraid to let any nuance pass him by.
Thankfully, it appeared that John had decided to overlook the snappish remark—or, at least, he hadn't yet been provoked to outright anger. It seemed a near thing, though, judging by the movements of his fingers.
She was not brilliant and challenging, as Irene had been. She possessed few specialised skills to make her a useful colleague, as Molly was. And as far as the idea of respect for Lestrade's relationship with her, well—Sherlock had made no pretence of fondness at any point for the man's ex-wife, and no amount of sentimentality, then or now, would cause him to alter his own opinions purely for the sake of Lestrade. From a strictly logical standpoint, there was little reason for Sherlock to regard this sheltered, suburban American woman with such an intensity as he had found himself displaying here.
bridesmaids and groomsmen would get a little more notice than this, of course, so we'll have to get them on board as soon as possible. I asked Liz months ago, but I naturally wanted to ask the others in person; um, have you actually talked to anyone about standing on your side, yet?"
A tiny voice in the back of his head counted backwards on the calendar from nine, but he ignored it as he took Sherlock's hand.
bad!"
"He relied on his arsehole consultant: a suicidal nutter."
"Oh, no, don't you worry about
Sherlock didn't quite have a clear grasp on exactly how lucky John was to have Sarah as his boss. He seemed to take for granted the flexibility it afforded—or, at the very least, he seemed unable to digest the concept of John's desire to earn a modest income on his own, outside of their joint work.
Surely these men—presumably the counterfeiters they'd been after—wouldn't simply leave them where they were. The fight had knocked both him and Greg out, but neither of them had been injured all that horribly; left to their own devices, maybe they could eventually get free? Draw attention?
"Mm. Well," hummed Liz, handing her a plate, "first things first. You pull Andy's house off the market; there hadn't been any real action on the listing yet, anyway. Then, you do some math,"—she paused to enjoy a large bite—"and decide on a monthly figure that basically covers the costs of ownership, minus utilities. That's your asking rent."
"You're right, naturally. For you, this would be more like...twenty-one?"
John vehemently disliked shopping for himself—his well-worn and utilitarian wardrobe stood testament to that—but his mother had always placed great importance on the giving of gifts. Whatever else she'd passed on to him, that much had stuck. Unfortunately, neither his trained idealism nor the frequent guilt it engendered had made meaningful impact on his purchasing skills over the years.
Lestrade spoke again, more gently, lifting his hand away. "Now. What's
"I'm monitoring the terminal myself, but Dwyer's flight is delayed..." Her lips purse; her head lowers fractionally.
"Excuse me?"
Anna looked around at the other passengers she could see, tops of heads tipped together in inaudible conversation or propped on little pillows. The woman in the window seat beside her had begun to snore softly.
It's been a busy year, for me. Staying occupied in my dotage, I tell myself: my social calendar is demanding.
Anna Clark—who in that perfect, crystalline moment turned fully to face Sherlock, beaming at him with an expression of pure acceptance and understanding.
Having chosen a likely candidate from the pile, Greg sat on the sofa to break its seals, smiling in anticipation. At the same time, he pulled his mobile from his trouser pocket. It was just past eight thirty; as he dialled he made the six-hour calculation that had become second nature, then adjusted it to five, remembering that Anna had driven back to her hometown the day before.
"See? No signatures, three or four words, 'you were listening' or 'I know you know,' that sort of nonsense. Someone's been watching bad films."
a prolonged unpleasantness..."
It was a rare thing, even now, for Sherlock to return the specific phrase. He preferred either subtlety or eloquence, or wordless gestures of affection, depending on his mood. But it felt right, felt
"It was Jim Harwood's," Greg interrupted her.
It was the second time Lestrade had used that word, a glaring sign of his sentimental nostalgia. It should have been
and immediately looked down again at the form on his desk.
he told himself, chewing at his lower lip as he strode on.
"Ah," Molly said, nodding, as if that settled the matter.
"But—"
"On it." When Sally stood and leaned forward to turn over the case file, an envelope tumbled to the floor from her other papers. "Oh yeah—post room sent this up. Addressed to you."
"I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable. Like I said. I get sappy around Christmas, okay? We can just leave it at that. You're not required to reciprocate, in terms of anything I've said."
With a slow nod, he swung the little garden gate closed behind him, then set off down the pavement to walk through his crowded thoughts.
he grumbled silently, clicking his pen next to his ear. As much as he enjoyed the various trappings of having subordinate officers—the comradeship and teamwork, the sense of comfortable authority, the occasional opportunity to be a mentor of sorts—there were few tasks less pleasant in Greg's mind than analysing those subordinates' faults and foibles. And he'd learnt years ago that turning in spotless, glowing reviews was in no way kosher.
Lestrade glanced at it, then up at him. "Ah, you chose one of hers. Not surprised." Quirking up one corner of his mouth, he reached into the back pocket of his jeans and handed across a small penknife.
Sally paused with her hand on the door. "I'll have something for you on Beaux within the hour," she promised.
None of my new friends need to know what I heard from upstairs last night, just for instance. Dear me, I love those boys to distraction, and I'm ever so pleased...but, the
"Then by all means, fetch me one if you feel you must," he sighed, resting his head in his hand without regard for the pen he still held.
warn her she'd probably need to find somewhere else, after..."
he didn't," she answered. "Why would he do that?"
They shared a moment of silence, until Greg shook himself and reached a hand out. "Go ahead and leave that with me, I'll put something together and ring up the magistrate after lunch, yeh? Meantime, do some digging. I wanna know where Mitchell keeps himself, these days."
Sherlock knew that he had upset her, when he had insensitively brought up the topic of her friend's drug problem. And he'd angered her once, early in their acquaintance, by deliberately prying into her sexual relationship with Lestrade. John was mistaken, however, if he believed Anna would truly be upset by his flatmate's usual behaviour. Sherlock was suddenly certain of that, although he didn't yet understand
has never captivated so.
What she chose to say this time was: "How are you and Sherlock, then?"
"And there was no need for you to be the one jumping them," his sergeant retorted.
"And I'm utterly
"At least it looks like you ate something," he noted. "Wherever you are." He lifted the plastic and snagged one for himself; as he turned in place with it, his eyes finally slid to the calendar he kept clipped to the side of the fridge.
he thought.
She paused with her hand on the door.
"I have no opinion on the matter," Sherlock huffed into his tea, "but it shouldn't take very long for you to determine whether there's anything there worth purchase."
thinking about all of that. I mean, you could have just as easily decided to take me out somewhere so I could help you choose a gift for John or Greg!"
Until John heard those words, he hadn't considered that the encounter could have been anything
nervous, he realised: throughout the day's activities, he had been chewing over the woman's advice, and considering how best to approach a discussion with John on the matter of their relationship. So far he had managed to remain silent on the topic, and focus on the arguably more important tasks at hand pertaining to their case; still, the window of comfortable delay was dwindling rapidly. If Sherlock failed to bring the subject of last night's kiss up himself, it would be sure to come up in a manner that would be unacceptably beyond his control.
"I just wanted to know if you needed anything—I was on my way to the kitchen," she said, too casually.
Anna brushed a hand over one of the flower husks, considering. "To keep me in the cab. But why?" She looked up, surprised to see that he'd stopped on the doorstep and turned to watch her, leaning against the little wall there with an enigmatic smile.
Sally smirked and waved off her concern. "Easy, just have us wear nude shoes," she said. "Or black, or cream, or whatever. Personally I don't care if it's all matchy-matchy—as long as I can wear something flattering!"
The skirt was suddenly fascinating, again: meeting Lestrade's earnest eyes for more than a few seconds felt akin to staring into the sun.
"I woke up a little while ago, I don't know how that happened..."
Had Sarah been more strait-laced in her policies from the start, John was well aware that he wouldn't have kept his employment there for more than a few days. Dozing off on the job was generally frowned upon, after all. She wouldn't have dated him, either, or at the very
He expected that she would appreciate the ethnic textiles and other wildly miscellaneous artifacts exhibited among the anthropological collections, so he escorted her through those areas first, making occasional deductions regarding the original owners of certain items and receiving words of praise and amazement in return. Some time later, they moved on from the baskets, tools and antique police constables' equipment, and proceeded into the Horniman's Natural History gallery, with its massive taxidermied walrus standing sentinel.
"I..." She set down the fork, leaning back in her chair and scanning the café's ceiling for some elusive thought. "Okay, this may sound stupid to you—"
It wasn't Sherlock; or, if it was, he'd made some new friends. Big ones, judging by the size of the shadows they could see moving on the ground. The figures themselves were blocked, for the moment, by the bulk of the skip.
Sally cleared her throat pointedly, and he brought his eyes into focus with a twitch. She stood in the doorway, with a fat brown case file among the papers tucked beneath her arm; once she was certain Greg's wandering attention had returned, she took a step in and shut out the murmur of the bullpen outside. "So Holmes is gone, already? Not like him at all, to solve a cold case for you without sticking around to gloat after."
"Yeah, all right."
"I let her use the house, without asking you. I
"Here we go, mate. On three; one—two—"
Sherlock dropped onto the sofa and crossed his legs. "If you must know, I was at loose ends. John was called in to the surgery suddenly."
"Jesus, Greg. What are you, fifteen?"
"All right, all right, keep yer trousers on," he muttered, setting his chef's knife aside and wiping his hands off as quickly as he could. He'd left his mobile on the far end of the worktop peninsula, on the dining room side; he jogged around to reach it and pulled out a stool there to sit as he answered, sing-song. "Hello, hello!"
"All right," she said, dropping the subject without argument.
"What is it with you Lestrades, anyway?" she teased him. "Everyone in your family, you're all world champions in moping and grudges, near as I can tell!"
"Sure, sure. Gotcha. That had
A corner of her mouth lifted, and she brushed a stray tendril of honey-brown hair from her face as she swallowed a bite of her late lunch; John experienced a surreal flashback to the affectionately awkward days of their brief relationship. He wouldn't trade what he'd ended up with for anything in the world, but she was an undeniably lovely woman, and never more so than when she was about to say something knowing and a bit naughty.
When the door to Greg's office opened again, he was still lost in aimless introspection, staring into space with his hands spread over Sherlock's scrawled notes...marvelling at how casually Sherlock had proffered the results of what must have been hours and hours of painstaking labour and thought. He'd simply dropped it in Greg's lap whole and entire, like a fantastic Christmas gift.
It was still a novelty, being able to speak with his older brother this easily, teasing and joking back and forth without malice. Back in July, when they'd met for that first stilted, awkward dinner after his birthday, Greg hadn't really held out much hope for the improvement of their relationship. But both John and Anna had encouraged him not to give up, and Greg rather suspected that Frankie had given similar advice to her husband. They'd talked a few more times with slightly better results; then Brian had come in from Cambridge and stayed for most of a weekend in late September, to help Greg with packing up his flat for the move. It had taken a great deal of alcohol to loosen their tongues, and quite a few angry and emotional words had been exchanged, but they'd managed to come out on the other side with the air mostly cleared between them.
The concept of sex, in any of its various forms, had been far less threatening when Sherlock could still consider the entire situation as an unlikely hypothetical. Even when it had appeared his friend would be coming around at any moment—early in the twelve week period following his confession during the forged weapons case, before John's prolonged silence on the subject had begun to instill doubts regarding the eventual outcome—it had been easy to gloss over the concept. After all, Sherlock wasn't a virgin, whatever cutting insinuations his brother insisted upon making at his expense. Victor and Emmeline had been the experimental baseline he'd required, years ago, and although none of the activities he had undertaken with either of them had been exactly
. You don't have another one for twenty minutes—mind if I eat in here?"
The man squinted menacingly at each of them for long moments before making a rude, dismissive noise. Stepping back, he gestured at the ugly blond, who broke into a cruel grin and pulled a switchblade from the pocket of his jeans.
As it was, the missing time in his mind stood testament to the fact that he was woefully unprepared to meet the needs of John Watson.
"...Ah."
"We've been over this, I don't even know how many times. It's like he has the impulse control of a three-year-old," John groused as he pulled out cash for the fare.
Sherlock hasn't got the time for a silly welcome outing, this evening. The cold case he's finally ready to revisit is tied deeply into the history of his own heart.
"Brian, you've got no
But now, the hypothesis of his reluctant sentiment had become sudden reality, and with it came an influx of sensation and emotion that was nearly overwhelming.
"Doubt that'd put a dent in it, but sure—long as you keep
The overwhelming puzzle of his feelings for John had denied those girls their justice, then. It had taken him years, but he'd solved it...and now he'd solved their murders, too.
John remained still in the armchair long after the scone was eaten and the whiskey drained. He gazed at the dim contours of the thinking figure until his eyelids were drooping, scratchy with drunken exhaustion. As he sat, hardly breathing, enthralled by his partner's otherworldly presence, his own thoughts drew slow, heavy circles in his mind, gradually descending into an uneasy white blank...
"Thanks, Mrs Hudson. It's lovely to see you, you look well..." He leaned obligingly over to let her kiss his cheek, and put up only a mild protest when she insisted on helping him off with his coat, smiling politely as she tutted in sympathy at the immobilised arm beneath it.
in the world was that actually even
Molly snickered and said, "So
The theory he'd posited might well have explained the strange findings in the girls' blood tests, and made their times of death clear enough to pinpoint the suspect—but when the results had entirely failed to make sense, he'd been unable to identify his miscalculations, and unable to see any other way to solve the problem. In other words, the killer of Eliza and Justine Runnell continued to enjoy freedom,
At the touch of John's hand on his shoulder, he allowed himself to be drawn sideways into a gentle embrace, his cheek pressed into John's chest, eyes closed as he inhaled: crisp cologne, mingled with notes of spicy dal and candied fennel seeds from dinner.
But Anna had immediately set herself apart from so many other women, in that she had exhibited neither blatant distaste nor sexual attraction to Sherlock upon first meeting him. Neither had she changed her opinion of him drastically once she'd talked with him more; her amused fondness for him had apparently deepened over time, but on the whole she was remarkably constant. She'd easily accepted his unique, abrasive personality almost from the start, and seemed to have understood without effort that his way of relating to emotions required a cerebral approach. As well, Sherlock perceived that she instilled a sense of harmony among his other companions, not to mention the way she and Lestrade appeared to have been formed specifically to complement one another.
The ride back from the museum was thankfully quiet, at first. Anna didn't seem upset at all by his reluctance to talk; she gazed out at the passing buildings with a wholly serene expression, clutching the paper gift bag with the handbag on her lap.
"Certainly, Mr Holmes; as I said on the phone earlier, I'm happy to help if I can. This doesn't have to do with that nastiness from before, does it? Thought you said that was all handled, here in town anyway, before you bleached your hair in my sink and ran off."
"I've got no objection to your going without me," he told John instead, gauging his tone based on its resonance against the hearth wall.
Four men—no, five. Two of them were big, meaty fighters, two of them quick and vicious, and the last one wielded a pipe or something that he swung in the half-dark. They came on fast, with wordless yells; they wasted no time on taunts or questions, but simply attacked the violators of their territory.
But now, John remembered the small but distinct rush of relief he'd felt, as that cab had pulled away to take him to work.
His voice felt thick and unwieldy in his throat, and he needed to stop to swallow multiple times before he could finish speaking. "This is the only place I have been twice in the last three years; I had never expected to return. I do not intend to return to most of those places, but being here again, as myself...with you: it's important." He couldn't bring himself to look over.
The incessant April rain had spattered unheeded off the man's downcast bald head; he'd clearly broadcast frustrated fear in the slump of his thick shoulders, and despair in the way he'd plodded aimlessly along the city sidewalk. From the hidden vantage point of an alleyway fire escape, Sherlock—then "William Harris"—had peered down through folding binoculars, deducing his grandbaby's age in the stained shoulder of his shirt, his place of employment from the pin on his collar, and the reach of his position in his shoes and trouser cuffs. Within seconds, he'd determined that this gentleman provided the perfect target: someone open to suggestion, anxious for assistance, and empowered with access to exactly what he needed...and less than two hours later he'd arranged for his path to cross Brewster's, with precise timing engineered to increase the odds that the man would present his problem to a sympathetic stranger.
By the time they'd finally called it a night, everyone had imbibed more than their fair share. It was about eleven thirty when John paid his cab fare and turned to sway across the pavement to his doorstep, patting his coat pockets to check for his belongings.
as opposed to
"So which bit are you doing now?" Sherlock wasn't
Liz answered without looking up, pointedly flipping a page in her magazine. "You're staring off into space, petting a wall."
"You know why. We need to get untied, if we're to do anything else. Besides,
"Keep it," Anna blurted.
"Most things do."
." Suddenly he found himself wishing away the next three weeks for decidedly less romantic reasons. "Go," he managed, "
he mused, turning his gaze from the ceiling to Sally's lowered head with a sudden and disconcerting sense of uneasy nostalgia.
"Greg?"
They stood and switched places; Greg peeked through the crack briefly, then put his ear to it instead.
be a bit difficult at times?"
"They are, at that," Sally agreed, with a smile. "You'll have to make sure you give your Dad my best wishes."
He noted a flickering heat in the dark blue eyes, next.
The smile dropped away a minute later, as soon as he started up the stairs.
Well, I saw what love's done for
Anna replied distractedly as she bustled around behind him, pulling marinated chicken from the fridge and setting the wok to heat. "No, I don't mind at all! There were some things I wanted to get Fran's advice on, it'll be good to have a sit-down with her. And I don't want to ask, yet, but seeing the kids will be a good opportunity to gauge their interest..."
felt guilty, though he'd stopped bringing it up in conversation, because it never failed to upset Sherlock whenever he did. And because he knew the sting of his own shame—the weight of it, sitting like a blurry shadow beneath his thoughts—he recognised the unspoken ache that tinted the silences between Greg's words when they talked.
that won't give way; I want to
But even after she'd turned to face him, he found himself holding his tongue, considering and then discarding at least three possible beginnings to what he'd imagined himself ready to say. Anna didn't press; she waited patiently, not even insisting upon full eye contact, and
short on single friends."
John's voice held an edge of annoyance, but it was still fond: within acceptable parameters. "I
It was thrilling, terrifying, even though it was exactly what she'd wanted. All those days of planning, the careful conversations to hash out little details, the paperwork and the meetings with bankers and the huge outlay of postage...it all came down to this. One last trip, giving up one home for the promise of another.
"No, 'course not! Pass me around, I'm happy to talk to everyone."
The undercurrent of the unspoken threatened to spill over between them; John realised with a guilty start that he hadn't looked directly at the other man in quite a while. When he steeled himself to turn, though, the expected stare of calculating assessment was absent. Mycroft was instead facing partially in the opposite direction, gazing off into space, the thin gold ring on his right hand glinting where his palm spread across the cover of a leather-bound volume.
"What?" Tapping the lift call button, Greg peered down at the received message his friend was showing him. "No, I sent you that ages ago. You just got that? I thought you were calling me, before, to respond to it!"
"He was angry," Sherlock mumbled at his hands, after a moment.
"You got the boxes I sent you?" she asked, changing the subject again in another attempt to salvage the faltering chat.
"Yeah. Me too. But Grandma isn't happy 'bout Christmas. Now I've gotta go stay with Mommy for that, see?"
For a moment, he felt something almost akin to guilt at having asked John to spend so much time with him outside that afternoon; though it had been markedly warmer, the aerodynamics of Chicago's downtown streets always gave the lake-bound wind a harsher bite. The feeling was dismissed almost immediately, however.
My baby boy will be okay, after all.
"I guess that's where I can thank the soporific properties of the meds they gave me. How is it I can take a whole day off, doing nothing of any use at all, and still be this clapped out at the end of it?"
"All right, yes," she was saying to someone as she came back to him. "Honey, we're going to have to do the phone-passing thing for a while before I get you all to myself. Do you mind?"
"Hey.
"Uh-huh, I'll bet! Well, don't get any ideas about keeping yourself out of the line of fire this time, honey. We're on a tight timeline, here, and there are a lot of decisions we need to make together."
"What do you want me to say? There was
"Penny for your thoughts," said John, realising they'd fallen silent again.
"Thanks. And I'll hold you to that, too...but don't worry. I know how busy you get with work; I won't expect you to be involved with
-----
He'd simply wanted to break it to her
John glared at his damaged device. "Bloody junk. First thing tomorrow, I swear, I'm getting it replaced."
Anna shook her head fondly and watched him in smiling silence for another minute. Then she spoke up again. "Can I ask you something?"
"Anna's your friend. I mean—you do consider her your friend, don't you?"
"Yeah, none of 'em make any sense. Like...here, this one, from two days ago." She picked a sheet of plain stationery out of the pages she sorted through, and handed it up to him. "Couple like that, the last few weeks."
"There you are, Mrs Borden," John said, passing a prescription across his desk. "Mind you get that filled as soon as you can, and call in for another appointment if it doesn't clear up in three weeks."
, John thought, more an omission for the sake of her peace of mind, but then he'd always known himself to be selfish. Had he been in a similar situation, John could hardly imagine having done any different. Why hurt the one you love, needlessly, when they're far away? Why give them more cause to lie awake nights worrying for your safety, when nothing they could possibly do would have changed anything? When Greg had finished recounting his actions, slumping forward in Sherlock's armchair and pressing the fingers of his right hand hard into his eyes, John hadn't really known what advice to give him.
Sherlock offered no immediate comment. As they sat together in quiet, listening to the others working in the kitchen, he dove once more into the maze of his thoughts. The odd reactions Anna provoked from him were a puzzle, and what was the
"And that's your Doctor Watson, huh? He's different than I expected."
"Oh, yes." Greg grabbed a beer from the fridge but let it chill his palm, unopened. "I can hardly wait," he blurted, biting his lip in consternation as soon as the words were out—had that sounded like gloating?
More than anything, that was the reason he'd worked so hard to keep Sherlock on his side, ever since the night he'd first seen beneath that thorny façade to glimpse what lay beneath. It wasn't that he'd believed the young genius was ever really in danger of being on the
Not wholly unpleasant.
And would
He repeated the words silently, feeling the weight of the concept slide down into his gut. His only experience in that arena, thus far, had been Priscilla Kandless: snobbish, controlling and possessed of an incredible capacity for disapproval. Directly or indirectly, the pressures and expectations she'd placed on her daughter—and later, her unwanted son-in-law—had surely lain behind both the genesis and destruction of Greg's relationship with Tracy.
Because of all this, John was never too thrilled about the lead-up to the holiday season...but he was even more nervous than usual, this Christmas. He had
Blue eyes fixed on his expectantly, glancing away and back repeatedly as John poured three glasses of red wine for the table. "Are you going to be on another planet this whole night?"
"Petting a—" Looking back, she realised that it wasn't a terribly inaccurate description. She let her hand fall to her side sheepishly. "Sorry. Just thinking."
a surprise; now, though, he found himself glancing around for cameras or mysterious attachés. Finding no obvious signs of a setup, he returned his attention to Mycroft, only to see that the man had actually taken a few steps farther along the bin, as if attempting to escape conversation. While this had, in fact, been John's first impulse, seeing it from Mycroft produced an almost perverse desire to do exactly the opposite.
Today's demurral in front of John had been no lie: it had been almost depressingly easy to search out the information necessary to defend Jacqui's custody of her eleven month old son. In a mere matter of hours, he had been able to present Mr Brewster with the properly incriminating evidence against the young thug who threatened her, and detailed instructions on exactly how and when to utilise it.
of all that was my fault, Lestrade, at the very least!"
He nodded and agreed, "Yeah, a little. But London never stays all that quiet for very long. I'm sure something new will crop up soon to keep him satisfied."
The older man struck Greg with an open hand, hard enough to snap his head to the side. His next words were spoken slowly, and enunciated clearly, inches away from Greg's face; the only interpretation John could guess at was
"Yeah?" Lestrade glanced over his shoulder from the shelving unit, where he was arranging a few of the glass items he'd unpacked.
"Damn right it did. Jacqui never thought she'd get to go back to school, let alone make top grades her whole freshman year of college while raising Devon. I'm thrilled for my baby girl," Brewster enthused, half-turning to smile in the same direction as the detective's gaze: the young woman stood in one of the observation ledges, her child seated on her hip, apparently pointing out various city landmarks below to the politely interested army doctor.
of their sealed lips breaking apart. "John, hi, sorry about that!"
It was a bright, crisp Sunday afternoon; birdsong sounded from myriad sources unseen, and London's army of pushchair-wielding mothers was out in force upon the streets, toting their colourfully bundled progeny into overcrowded parks to take advantage of the break in November's dreary, rainy weather.
"I see it work like that all the time!"
"Come on, it's only a few minutes' walk home from here," Greg smiled, after they'd seen John off in his cab.
promised to go. I, however, did no such thing," he pointed out calmly.
Anna's got some big decisions to make; there's a lot on her mind, but she's not alone in sorting through it.
John resisted an overwhelming urge to pull a rude face at him.
"Ah, not completely. I'm good at judging context, though; I get by. And I've always had a knack for the intonation, I suppose. Mum used to tell me I sounded just like Pépère Michel when I got going. Put it this way: I can probably take you to Paris for a weekend and
"...Yeah?" Greg responded, grunting a little with the strain the movement was putting on his shoulder.
Sherlock hummed in interest. "How do you mean?"
"Aw, well I appreciate the thought. And I'm definitely glad Greg asked
Tonight, we're meeting; I'll apologise. Perhaps he will, too.
Greg has good timing: my phone buzzes as I'm peeling off bloody gloves for an overdue break. It's case related, not a friendly hello, but I don't mind. He's always focused like that. I check files, reply, then walk upstairs.
"He's not a part of the panelling, you know," Liz commented. She laid the magazine facedown in her lap.
"Anna, my darling love," he breathed as the door swung inward, "
"You have no idea," he grated. "If any of them had hurt you more seriously, if you'd been—the response squad would have been
What little she could see of his shoulders seemed to tighten—he'd placed himself fairly close to his screen, the last few times they'd spoken—and he glanced uncomfortably to one side as he answered, "Er, thanks love, but...not tonight, okay?"
Amanda laughed. "You want to take it? Okay, slugger, go on. Go give the phone to Grandma in the kitchen, all right?"
At the start of their brief association, "Harris" had held his new acquaintance at a healthy distance; however, Verrone's lieutenant had caught wind of an unfortunate rumour, and downtown Chicago had quickly become exponentially less safe. The unique nature of his circumstances had required that he impose further upon the man; Brewster's benevolent sociability, at first seeming so incredibly insipid, had provided a dangerously tantalising taste of certain sorely missed comforts. It seemed only fitting, somehow, that the first man in nearly two years to press Sherlock to eat and sleep, and to bandage wounds he could not  reach, should be given the scant favour of knowing whom he had helped.
he told himself with some satisfaction, raising his hand to hail an oncoming cab.
"John and I were talking about Indian, before, will that be okay with you?" asked Greg. Her stomach answered for her by way of an enthusiastic growl that was audible even over the noise of the road, and he grinned wide. "There's a great place right up the street from the flat, I figure we can just ride over. Saves time, and keeps us out of the cold."
Within the bottom drawer of the wide file cabinet at his left-hand wall there was, in fact, a thick file of such meaningless missives that he'd received over the years, some far more overtly threatening. They came in from criminals he'd busted, from grieving folk who felt their cases hadn't been adequately handled, from random nutters who'd read his name in the papers or seen him on the telly...it was hardly something to get worked up over. Only once in his many years of service in the CID had a nonsense letter led to a
"Sherlock..." John set the laptop aside and scooted closer. "Is everything okay?"
This seemed to make a natural break in the conversation; Sherlock allowed her to work in peace for a minute or two, appreciating the silence. Quiet of any kind at the Yard was a rare commodity, and it held an appeal that was entirely separate from the quiet at home. There, in the times when John was at work and Mrs Hudson was away with her ladies' club—as it was this afternoon—silent rooms sometimes took on a stifling constriction. Here, every lull in the shifting murmuration of the office was a promise of calm before action, a virtuous readiness.
Whenever an occasion came around, John's cycle of reactions followed a predictable routine—shock at the passage of time, anxiety over his lack of planning, consternation, mild panic, disappointed resignation. Too often, he found himself stumped, standing in the centre of a busy shop and hating it all the more for not knowing what he wanted. And though he managed to pull it off, more often than not—or, at least, the recipients of his more awkward presents never seemed to react as badly as he expected—John continued to place undue pressure on himself, every time.
In response, Greg screwed up his expression into a worried grimace. "Uhh...parley-vous, um, English?"
John's voice was thick and congested. "Had better days. Had worse, too." There was a strange, soft utterance that Greg interpreted as a rueful chuckle.
, calling him in for an emergency shift,
Sherlock studied her from the corner of his eye, and then more openly once he was sure she wasn't about to revisit her embarrassing declarations. She allowed his scrutiny without comment.
he reminded himself as he continued, "You'll likely find her flight a bit delayed, but it'll be a pleasant opportunity for you and Lestrade to chat, and you haven't had much time for that lately. Then, of course, they'll invite you along for dinner. You needn't worry about me; I expect I'll remain focused on this until at least ten. Stay out as long as you like; enjoy yourself."
They appeared to be in a small storage cellar, or perhaps a large janitor's closet. Water pipes ran in brackets high along one of the rough stone walls, and a round drain grate was set into the floor, its small island of poured concrete surrounded by uneven flagstone; there were, unfortunately, no easy weapons to hand. A careful search of the metal shelving unit bolted to the rear wall turned up only cardboard boxes filled with paper leaflets. They also found a lightweight plastic bucket, which Greg joked halfheartedly about needing to use later.
"I'm spacing 'em out. Got enough of my own stuff to get through—Anna's, I open when I need a mood lifter." He smiled at Sherlock's hesitation. "Nah, go on ahead. Look like you could use cheering up; your results may vary, of course."
Although he wasn't feeling up to it at all, Greg worked hard to dredge up a smile from somewhere before touching the Skype button.
"Sorry," said John. "It's this phone. It keeps cutting . . . me, ever since . . . of a minor chemical spill Sunday. Haven't . . . chance to take it in, yet."
is. What are you hoping to accomplish with this, exactly?" Glancing around the shadows of the sleeping street, Greg suddenly felt exposed and out of his depth. He may have a warrant card in his wallet, but if he and John were caught out alone snooping around without a good reason, it might not do him very much good.
"Yeah," Greg murmured, his expression becoming tender. "When you come home."
Sleep is dragging me under, now, unstoppable. But Greg's holding me close.
Occasionally their weekly video calls weren't entirely satisfying—one or the other of them would be tired, or distracted, and the conversation would limp along unnaturally until they chuckled together and agreed to sign off. In the early days of their long-distance relationship, these instances had caused a bit of needless worry, for both of them; now, Anna took it in stride.
"I literally have no idea how you think that could possibly be a problem for me, hon.
"It is pretty, though, isn't it," he murmured.
Through careful investigation and patient effort, Sherlock had assembled a collated database that expanded and self-referenced continuously with each passing day in his companion's presence. From the very beginning, long before sentiment had begun to encroach so rudely upon his thoughts, this man—flatmate, colleague, friend—had presented puzzles within puzzles; one day, he hoped, some of the answers might make themselves clear at last.
was another adaptation, in itself; it was the fourth floor, for goodness' sake, and she still had trouble thinking any other way, but she was American so what did she know?). Then, not even a year later, she'd gone through the adjustment again, in a cosy and already familiar little flat full of a bachelor's knick-knacks and mismatched furniture.
As for John, he sternly reminded himself of his good fortune, every time a call came in that he couldn't ignore. Whenever a day off was interrupted by word of a sudden schedule change, or a four hour shift was stretched to eight at the last minute, he considered how Sarah practically bent over backwards to accommodate his needs at the slightest word. Lestrade need only text in the middle of an examination, and by the time John's next waiting patient had gone, his remaining appointments would be reshuffled and Bressler or Forsythe would be on their way in. Sherlock pouted imperiously whenever Sarah's on-the-fly scheduling inconvenienced
Laughing again, Sarah balled up her sandwich wrapper and stood. "Well, I suppose it's time to brave the front desk once more. I'll go talk to Barry about having him leave early, though, I think."
Usually this notation meant that some time after dinner, when the hour began to grow late, John would kiss his partner goodnight, turn out the lights, and take himself off to the bedroom alone. Sherlock would spend an hour or two motionless on the sofa, immersed in the strange landscape of his thoughts. Then he would slip into bed at last, murmuring a few words of apology for disturbing John's sleep.
They turned at the rear of the exhibit space, and began to make their way back towards the observation deck area. As they strolled along, Sherlock looked over to surreptitiously gauge the degree of comfort in Brewster's features.
"It's annoying, but I definitely don't have it so bad as you. I'm only wearing the sling about half the time—just keeping myself from overusing the muscle while the contusion heals. And I don't need to sleep with it on, either."
The face he made while trying to sort it out was clearly amusing; John chuckled, but he quickly gave in and explained. "We were at the Yard because he'd promised to bring her the results from his last tests. Sherlock and Sally seem to have really changed their dynamic, since last week. They practically get on like mates—I'd never have believed it! But you've been so busy, with everything, I guess you haven't gotten in the room with both of them at once, yet."
It wasn't looking good, that was certain.
role reversal had been even more surprising to John than her stress-induced bonding with Sherlock in October. Even Mycroft had come around to a restrained, quietly supportive attitude, which John thought was perhaps as close to the expression of outright approval as he could physically manage.
"Here," said Sherlock, offering his hand.
"You're angry at me, and you have every right to be, and I totally deserve it, and
, now. Is that meant to be an offer, love?"
he caught himself thinking, and rolled his eyes a little at his wistfulness. It had been just over two months since his fiancée had returned to the States, and it would be nearly two months more before she came back to London. Greg wasn't experiencing the desperate, uncertain longing he'd suffered the last time they'd been apart this long—having a clear, set date to look forward to and a ring on her finger helped immensely—but he couldn't deny that he was lonely without Anna.
Two weeks ago, everyone started pressing me to check the book, but I had to be
"So what do
"You believe me to be slighting her," Sherlock stated, stepping closer.
"Well, did I
she chuckled silently; a minute's fiddling in her bag, and Dean Martin was in her earphones, crooning her into her new life.
"Better than your reviews, by far," Sherlock hummed; he'd stepped around to Greg's side and cast a roving eye over the scratched-on drafts of his forms. "Don't use that word. Say 'overeager to please', it's more diplomatic."
"The stories your father told me at New Year's, about all those summer holidays with your grandparents...you're really fully bilingual?"
"Pleased to meet you," Anna told the man, graciously receiving a handshake.
"Twinkle, twinkle," John mumbled quietly around his bite of pastry, walking into the sitting room and settling into his chair with a sigh.
Sherlock thought, pleased at the unexpected brilliance of his idea.
"Then why? Greg wants you there, I want you there, Anna will be thrilled to see you. And I think you're pleased she's coming back, too. Besides, it's not as if you're on a case right now. You pulled all this stuff out of a box under the bed, yesterday; whatever it is, it can't possibly be time sensitive?"
to do it. 'Course, I don't much like it either; usually, I dump it all in a catchall drawer in my desk, to sort out later. Hence..."
Something?
"Andy." At Anna's look of surprise, she tilted her curly head to one side. "What? I'm not wrong, am I?"
"I will, poppet. And we'll be there every other year for Christmas, from here on out, I promise."
"Good."
"I don't know, it seemed like a natural response," John smirked. "Seriously, though. I'm fairly shocked to see
"But seriously," Greg said, when their shared chuckling died down. "I feel so happy I can barely think straight. It still feels like a dream, you know?"
"Yeah?" Greg glanced up only long enough to interpret her expression as
"Well, aside from Ms Lipton making a nuisance of herself, how's your day been?" asked John, leaning back in his chair contentedly.
After dismissing the older man with a few more empty pleasantries, Sherlock moved across the room, sidestepping neatly around the few clumped groups of tourists. He saw Jacqui turning away from the glass, just as he approached; she looked up from whatever instruction she was giving her son, and offered him a shy half-smile and nod before taking the boy's hand and leading him away. Sherlock was grateful she didn't stop to talk to him; he wasn't sure he had it in him to attempt further conversation, after having endured so much of Brewster's idle chat.
"Yeah, I had this crazy nightmare—there was a really big rabid dog, and it was chasing me around my old high school, except that none of the hallways went where they were supposed to. And then I was still running but I was on the roof, and there were all these weird levels and ledges everywhere; I don't even know how, but there was a
John pants and shivers; I calculate my next move.
"No worries," Brian answered, still chuckling. "So, I take it you're on your own for the day?"
The big goon behind him tightened his hold, and he choked off a yelp of pain.
Still slow going, with this story. Sorry to keep everyone waiting... I promise, I haven't given up on it! It's just...fighting me, a little. ;)
John pushed through the lab door, saying, "I've brought your books, and your DI. Any luck?"
"Sounds dull."
John blinked, feeling an immediate touch of heat at the tips of his ears. "Um."
Another flash of feeling crossed his partner's features, swinging once more towards fond affection, and Sherlock experienced a momentary flush of relief. For a man so complex and difficult to understand, John really had an incredibly expressive face, continually alive with clues and warnings; it was a boon for which Sherlock was thankful every day. It had so far allowed him to navigate the murky, hazard-filled waters of their relationship with at least partial success.
John squinted in the bright light of the plain room, glaring up at the sneering face of the blond man who'd nearly broken his arm. "Sorry, mate," he grunted, "I'm just not following..."
we're going along with Greg to the airport today. You were there when I promised to go, and I've mentioned it at least four times since!"
He felt one corner of his mouth twitching downwards and stilled it, steadying his focus through the end of the line.
The next hand-off put Anna's mobile into Amanda's hands, for a minute or two of genial pleasantries plus a short conversation with Kyle. The five-year-old wasn't in the most cooperative of moods, though; after an adorable thirty seconds or so of halting answers to prompts, his mother decided it was time to move on.
Sherlock turned toward his companion, gladly taking the offered opportunity to study the planes and angles of his best friend's face in thought. As he watched, he became aware of slight movements, ripples of subtle expression that passed gently over John's features, one after another.
Sherlock dragged his eyes away from the man with some effort, closing them as he brought the steaming coffee mug to his lips.
"Don't fret," Brian murmured as he spread the serviette across his lap, "you're fine. I truly didn't mean to intimidate you, by bringing you here; the owner is an old friend of mine. You won't see it on the menu, but they'll make me an absolutely amazing cheeseburger."
When I first joined Inspector Lestrade's team, I'd heard talk. Everyone had.
Anna spends some quality time with new friends, while Greg is away reminiscing with old ones.
"Well..."
"Not if there's anything else to be done." John concentrated on beginning to sort through the mess of concerns crowding his head, trying to determine the topics they needed to cover most urgently. They might have limited time on their own, after all.
"Not at all; that's all over and done with. What I'm after now pertains to a completely different group of criminals that appear to be meeting somewhere locally. I believe your company still handles document storage for Farriman Consulting, yes? I need access to the warehouse. Tonight, if at all possible."
"All right, Sherlock?"
the truth! Two years ago, my friend Gina had me in her wedding. I'm not sure, but um, I think that the dresses we had to wear would be considered inhumane by the standards of the Geneva Convention!" A mischievous grin lit up her pixie-like face, and she reached into the pocket of her slouchy cardigan to pull out her phone. "I think I might still have a picture here, actually..."
The subject of Sally's mirror was entirely forgotten.
"Mm? Anything, love," he murmured distractedly, over the sizzle of bread hitting the pan.
There was a very soft
Today's work had gone smoothly, hours slipping past amongst the fast-moving details of a routine but engaging murder investigation, closed in a clean sweep. There were times when handling such a simple case felt like a let-down, but this one had struck the perfect balance: each piece had fit into place tidily, his team had split and regrouped with perfect coordination, and he and Sally had worked together as if they'd shared one mind.
Fifteen minutes later, they were on the Tube. They sat with heads tilted close together, happily holding hands, all but oblivious to the other passengers while Anna flipped through potential sofa photos on her phone and Greg quietly offered fond critique.
could relax listening to an auctioneer.
I tease my boss for not having a social life; truth is, I'm not much better.
"Can, but help would be nice. Careful of my arm—ah!—" His bitten-off exclamation was echoed in almost the same moment by Greg at the other side of the room.
"Overwriting," he answered, distracted.
An all-nighter at the Yard? Never thought my weekend would end here. So much of my life feels that way, lately; I'm learning to roll with it.
He smiled thinly at her teasing tone, and straightened his scarf as he turned to go. "Happy Christmas, Sally."
since the late eighties.
"Sally..."
John needs to fulfil an annual obligation at the last minute, and he's going to desperate lengths to find what he needs...but help comes from an unexpected quarter.
(See the end of the chapter for
At four o'clock the following afternoon, Anna and Greg exchanged their customary tongue-in-cheek Tuesday greeting. As usual, the little ritual ended in their grinning at each other like fools for a good thirty seconds.
The two men exchanged an innocently befuddled expression, and it made her laugh.
while I came to bother Lestrade. Don't get any ideas, Sally, we're not in a
"Right, here you go," John said, rousing him; he handed Greg a mug, then returned to the kitchen to retrieve his own. As he sat, he tilted his head wryly at his own restrained arm. "We make quite the pair, don't we?"
The request was obviously meant sarcastically, but Anna was still out of earshot and he was feeling decidedly impish, so he went right on ahead.
"Um. Peanut butter, yes. Banana, no. And marshmallow fluff is disgusting," answered Anna, sidetracked. She retrieved a jar of Concord grape jam and set it on the worktop, watching with crossed arms as Liz happily began assembling a second sandwich. "All right, Miss Voice of Reason and Mystical Connections. I'm listening. How do you propose I solve this problem?"
"Where's Lestrade?"
Sure, Anna had already run this hurdle a few times—initially, in a dimly-lit room on the third storey of a quaint and vaguely run-down rooming house (and
With a small, satisfied nod, Sherlock turned north and strode purposefully ahead. He had a route in mind that would take them directly past a number of locations where a similar treatment would be beneficial. The most sharp-edged memories of the time he'd spent tracking Verrone's activities could be filed down, today, reduced to smooth washes of colour tinted by John's smile.
The looks on their faces today, though—so hard to forget.
of touch, otherwise!"
John obeyed, but craned his head to peer over his shoulder. "Well, why not? Oh—Sherlock, you don't have to fuss over me like this!—"
"A cellar?" John guessed. "Can't say much more, from here."
I hold such terrible power over him.
My fingers catalogue gladly. My mouth experiments.
Mycroft's shoulders stiffened. "Oh, come now. Must you be ridiculous?"
Her lips tingled with it, afterwards, and her moving feet seemed to barely graze the floor. Dazed, she looked up into a mirror and met the knowing eyes of a younger woman who'd entered just behind her.
Over their time together, Sherlock had become well-versed in reading that expressive face, giving it a level of attention he lavished upon no one else. It provided endless variety, a world of minutiae to be discovered in each muscle and line—a window into the incredible, admirable heart of John Watson. He had scrutinised that face under every circumstance he'd been able to feasibly observe or arrange: at meals, napping in his armchair, tired from work and fresh from the shower, before dates with various women—and often during them, as Sherlock couldn't resist a little fieldwork now and again—and he'd noted and collated each infinitesimal variation of expression with great care.
"Yes, Anna showed me some of the photos you sent her when you were moving in. It looks nice and spacious."
tonight. Past and present, he's had it rough.
you."
There was a longer break, this time, and Anna smiled at the thought of Greg having to wait for someone to leave the room before he could pull the phone out and read her response.
disappointing, but the logical side of her brain was in complete agreement with her bladder, and both were warning vehemently against any sudden moves.
"Ah, young love. Go on, then, tell me
(Bonus points—the eggs were delicious.)
Perhaps John saw Sherlock's unexpected focus on this—an obvious cold case, and one they'd never before discussed—as a premeditated avoidance tactic. Perhaps he thought that Sherlock had brought it out as a way to deliberately distance himself from other people...or even from John himself.
"Hm?"
side, morally. But Greg had seen him struggle, over the years; he'd seen enough to know that it wouldn't necessarily take much to tip his balance, and cause his natural cynicism to overtake his sense of the greater good. In Greg's opinion, a Sherlock who ceased to care for the outside world enough to solve its puzzles may as well be a Sherlock who actively sought ways to harm others. He knew it wasn't really
A shadow of a laugh flickered across the man's aquiline features. "I wouldn't say no to a nice cognac," he admitted, just as a brisk ringing sound carried through from the hall. "Ah—there's the bell; five minutes until the main event. There's a lovely eighteenth century credenza I had my eye on, I'd hate to miss the action..."
wondered Sherlock, dazed.
"Here," John said, appearing at the booth and proffering a cup of coffee. He took it with a quiet nod of thanks.
Greg is counting down the days until he's reunited with his love; in the meantime, he's got to solidify his ties to the family she's leaving behind.
"We have plenty of room, don't you worry. I think you'll like the flat, love. Tell you what: I'll put away whatever I can as we go, and then you can tell me where things
So I attended his party. Surprisingly enjoyable—until the truth came out.
"I know you do."
Letting out a theatrical sigh, Mycroft turned back to the bin of books. "I certainly hope you're not expecting me to give you any advice."
was a small one, tucked against the wall; he might as well make it an easy goal.
John smiled and bent to replace a file in his drawer. "Fancy meeting you here," he deadpanned.
"John, are you still there? Hello? God." Greg made it most of the way back to his office before the phone rang a third time, and when it connected he spoke quickly. "Look, how about I just meet you at the lab?"
"What are you on about, now?" He stepped up close and reached over her head to the cabinet where he kept the sesame oil; it was an easy excuse for a casual touch, and she leaned back into him for a second with a content sigh.
They groaned together over the photographic evidence of Gina's poor choice, and then Sally began to relate a horror story from one of her own experiences as a bridal attendant. Even though Anna was busily filing things away in the back of her mind, noting her new friends' preferences and what they were comfortable with, she wasn't too preoccupied to notice that she was enjoying herself immensely.
After Sherlock had exhausted Anna's patience for bones and preserved beetles, they enjoyed a pleasant hour in the Music Gallery. As he'd expected, she found the incredible variety of historical instruments a fascinating diversion, especially the many predecessors to the double reeds with which she was most familiar.
