can I come in? It's bloody freezing out here, you know." Sherlock chuckled, stepping back to allow the other man through. "Through here," he said, leading the DI to the living room after the other Alpha had removed his coat.
A thoughtful look passed over Sherlock's face as he watched the water, John's earlier comment registering as the gleam of a coin beneath the ripples caught his eye. "The well," he said, glancing over to his mate, "When you were in medical school. What did you wish for?"
John kissed his Alpha's lips sweetly and returned the smile. "I smell like Mycroft," he admonished softly. "But it’s only on my clothes and in my hair. Take me upstairs and scent me?" he whispered, nuzzling his mate's neck, mewling quietly in submission.
"Oh, just what's mine, of course," the other Omega grinned, a dark flash in his eyes betraying the innocent look. "Though... things have grown a bit complicated in that regard." He eyed John's belly with a mix of curiosity and distaste, before slowly moving towards it once more. "Now, now, you shouldn't be so rude to your guests, Johnny," he lilted in mock reproach as John shrank away, "I thought your parents would have taught you better. Quite proper folk, weren't they? Conservative?" the bored look returned, "Not ones to raise much of an exhibitionist, I expect. How disappointing, for Sherlock." He lay his hands on the farthest curve of John's belly, where the gravid Omega could not reach to bat him away.
John mewed softly, tilting his head as best he could to reach his Alpha's jaw, lapping submissively, as if to ask
John returned,
Sherlock was pinned. The Alpha's limbs were too heavy to lift, his lithe form helpless and still, save for the slow rise and fall of his chest. Not that he noticed. The consulting detective was sleeping as soundly as the thirteen babies on top of him, the colourful hues of their outfits even more vibrant against their father's drab pyjamas and the dark leather backdrop of the sofa cushions.
"And by eight weeks, you'll look overdue," Sherlock murmured, feeling himself becoming hard as he worked the lotion in everywhere, his hands splayed wide over John's belly, "twelve, and you'll look ready to pop with twins... sixteen, ripe and heavy with triplets... at just five months you'll look full to bursting with quadruplets or quintuplets, and you won't have even hit the majority of your growth yet." He massaged more firmly, bringing his mouth back to swallow John's cock as he worked.
the exhibitionist in this relationship, or don't you remember? Your dress hides the true size of your breasts well. If I'd have had my way, you'd be much more exposed; they'd all know just by looking at you how you're straining, nearly leaking with milk just for me."
John stretched forward, his shirt straining a little at the movement, accepting the offered morsel happily and licking his lips. ""Mmm," he hummed in pleasure, the taste exotic but familiar. "The only thing that could make this better is a nice glass of wine," John smiled wistfully. "Thank you, for coming out with me tonight," he added suddenly. "I know you've never really done the whole... relationship thing. And I know you'd do anything to make me happy, I'm just... glad you're enjoying something so pedestrian. Clichéed. But then I guess... this is our first date, isn't it?" he asked uncertainly, still smiling at the thought that they'd done everything backwards. Absolutely nothing, then a rough mating and bonding, then their first kiss, then buying a home together, then their first date. And that suited John just fine. It was perfect between them.
Tears began to well in John's eyes at the exquisite pleasure, Sherlock's thick cock rubbing over his prostate again and again, leaving him quivering on the edge, but not wanting to come just yet.
Moriarty had moved out of reach of John's kicks and watched with narrowed eyes as John spoke, thoughtfully caressing John's massive belly with an outstretched arm, tutting when he finished his little speech. "No, no, no," he chided softly, "I'm not threatening them. I'm simply making sure they have the
and whatever shape or form you may have is gorgeous because of that. It will never be difficult to love you based on your physical appearance." He held his Omega's gaze, knowing that he was not very good with words, but willing John to understand the sentiment.
John sent uncertainly,
The doctor sighed, turning off her miniature torch with a
The Alpha paused as soon as he crossed the threshold, having to let out a breath to steady himself. "
John bit back a gasp and flushed scarlet, pulling his jacket closed in front of his gaping shirt. "That settles it. No more wearing pre-pups clothes," he breathed quietly, seeing the odd look on his Alpha's face. "But you love this, don't you? You love how big you've made me, swollen with milk and your pups, too big for my old clothes..." He retrieved the button, deliberately skimming his fingers across his mate's crotch. "You'd have me swell again, even though the tailor will already be tearing his hair out trying to work out how big I'll be in February... You'd love to see me on my hands and knees, using electric breast pumps to drain all of my milk, on them constantly, being milked like an animal..." He licked his lips and smiled as the taxi pulled up outside Baker Street. He sauntered inside, stripping once he was in the living room. "I need a shower... That gel always makes my belly sticky. Want to join me? Maybe fuck me from behind as you milk me, watch it spray out of me and run down the shower wall?" he purred, rubbing his breasts, his nipples rising ready to be suckled, rosy and plump, his breasts swollen to the size of grapefruits rather than his usual apple-sized mounds.
"It's Holmes-Watson, actually," came a pleasant voice from behind the doctor. She turned to find John smiling politely at her, still wearing an enormous parka to protect against the October chill.
Sherlock shushed the Omega gently, pulling him onto his lap. "As much as I am not fond of the idea of others around our children, we'll find help that we trust, I promise. A few live-in nannies wouldn't go amiss so we don't run ourselves ragged." He held John close, rubbing his back as if to try to physically relieve John's distress. "The heat suppressants are undesirable, yes, but it will only be for a short time - and we'll find moments to be intimate with each other, I promise. And when we finally do have a heat together again, it will be absolutely incredible." He kissed the hollow of John's jaw. "Time will always be an issue with thirteen children, it's true, but we will find ways to make the most of it."
More than one. The collar suddenly felt meagre compared to the parcels in front of him. Should he have gotten John more - had he been expected to? John didn't seem disappointed, but maybe he was expecting the Alpha to have something more for him when Sherlock finished opening his presents. Surely this was a massive oversight. He'd have to rectify it immediately. Compile a mental list of things John liked and purchase them all. Come home with a carload of gifts. Maybe John would like a car, too - Sherlock could get him a car. Not that he'd want him to use it, but if it would make John happy...
He rubbed against his mate again, purring hopefully, even as he petted and scented the pile of happily cooing babies surrounding them both.
Omegas - a rare few, who develop almost deadly complications when they go into heat. It is very hard to find, and even more difficult to acquire. It is only administered under the most dire circumstances, as its side effects are both devastating and permanent. You see, it effectively
Sherlock groaned deeply, tilting his head to encourage more affection from his mate. "Yes- of course- anything and everything you like-," he rumbled, grabbing a large muffin from the tray and feeding it to John with one hand, the other rubbing the Omega's back.
... contraction...
There was a discreet tap at the door before the Beta entered, carrying the drink Sherlock had ordered. "May I bring you anything else for the show, sir?" the man asked, his eyes deferentially lowered.
"I look forward to it," John purred suggestively, tilting his head to allow Sherlock better access to his bondbite, shivering in pleasure and submission as his mate rubbed his claim into his skin. He'd smell of his mate for
. I can feel it."
Sherlock's flushed lips parted in pleasure, the Alpha's heart quickening at the declaration. "You have always been mine, from the moment we first spoke," he panted, rubbing his hands all over John's swollen belly, "and now look at you, so big with my children again after you've just borne the largest litter in known history." He groaned as John's belly bounced and swayed above him. "I love you, John. No better thing could have happened to me than you."
Sherlock inhaled sharply, his eyes flicking to the Omega's fingers, hungrily watching Moriarty display himself on the floor. His instincts screamed at him to come and taste, touch, claim, and his fingers began unconsciously working the buttons of his shirt faster. He leaned down, his eyes lidded heavily, a soft groan escaping his throat. "You're right, Jim," he murmured, "I... I do want... You're being such a proper Omega, so good, laying yourself out for me like this. You brought me here, knowing how much I need you... You're the only interesting thing I have anymore..." He came close, scenting, but not close enough to touch. All the while his heart sang
"You certainly would," the Alpha replied, gazing a little enviously at John. "Seeing him birth thirteen must have been exquisite..."
." A little colour drained from Mycroft's face but his hands remained steady;he was not going to allow his sire to get anywhere near his nieces and nephews. "You will never hurt Sherlock again," he hissed, "nor will I allow you to take his mate or their children. In fact, when we are finished here and you are kneeling on the floor, the mark of my victory stinging on your cheek, I will offer our mother, and your second Omega, and the sole pup you managed to sire with her, the choice of coming into my protection and leaving you. Do you think they will stay to be hated and abused in that cold crumbling house?" Before the Siger had a chance to retort, Mycroft raised his sword, pointing it at the centre of his sire's chest, one foot planted behind him, his left arm elegantly arching towards the ceiling. "
It took a moment for the words to register; Sherlock had briefly holed himself up inside his mind palace while John dressed, not wanting to spoil the Omega's surprise with his own deductions. He turned slowly, all questions his brilliant mind had formed completely vanishing when his eyes met the sight of John's cock enclosed in suggestively sheer fabric. His lips parted dumbly and his pupils dilated as his gaze travelled up John's gravid body, taking in how the Omega's bulging belly pushed the waistband of the panties low, how heavy and full it looked in John's hands, perfectly accentuated by the green fabric; the swathe of bare skin and the mound of his navel displayed gorgeously between the parted fabric; the way the globes of his breasts looked even rounder in the cups of the bra.
Sherlock turned back to the conversation, his eyes having followed John as he left. "We.. ah.. um..," he fumbled for the words, desperately wanting to call his Omega back to explain. "I.. don't know really." He forced himself to focus. He was not a child. This was his home, and he had to retain authority, his instinct reminded him again. "I developed feelings for John very early in our acquaintance.. perhaps even from the start. There was something about him - don't ask me what - from the time he first lent me his phone at Bart's Hospital. I could see even then he was not like other Omegas. My interest only grew from then on, but it's taken us years to bond. I don't make friends easily, and John was my best friend - my only friend, at the time. I couldn't risk what we had for the fantasy of something more." He paused and sighed, "It was John's early heat that brought us together. I needed to retrieve some things from the flat, and things sort of ... happened, all at once, I suppose. We fought it all the way until we realized we both wanted one another."
and I require neither your congratulations nor your money." He pulled John behind him again, shielding him with his body.
He groaned as John arched and shouted beneath him, his mate nearly wild with the need to come. It was absolutely delicious. He regretted when he felt the first low tugs of orgasm deep in his abdomen. His Alpha side wanted to stay this powerful, wanted to keep his Omega this way, so full and wanton. John's panties were soaking wet, the string of the thong roughly pushed aside by Sherlock's enormous cock, liquid dripping and pooling on the sheets underneath where they were coupled together. His knot swelled and soon breached John's entrance completely, making him bellow as it grew.
Sherlock gazed cautiously at his mate as he slowly increased his pace. He wasn't sure how to feel about what John had said, what to make of the chaste kiss to the cheek instead of the lips. He tried to focus on taking his mate, grunting softly as he moved. The Alpha sniffed delicately and was met with the scents of
Cranberries hit Sherlock's uninjured arm, his collarbone, his cheek. Several landed in his hair and didn't come out, nesting easily into the dark curls. John managed a precise throw to the tip of his nose, and the corners of the Alpha's mouth quirked upwards. Another to his chin, and two berries bouncing deliberately off his cheekbones in quick succession, and the smile grew wider. Remembering himself and the recent incident, however, the Alpha schooled his features back into stubborn sadness, and opened his mouth to protest the ridiculous treatment - at which opportunity, one of the small, red projectiles flew easily between his parted lips. The Alpha swallowed it upon reflex, and stared at his opponent, stunned. There was a second's pause. The Alpha's lips trembled. And then he began to laugh.
"No you can't," John said evenly, smiling with no warmth. "I can't stand anyone's touch but my Alpha's, I'm afraid. That's him over there in the queue, the tall one with the dark curly hair who looks like he'd enjoy tearing you to shreds. He's very protective," he added proudly, his hands holding his gravid belly as if to say
Sherlock smiled, accepting another soft kiss and a hug from his mother, and wished the others a "Merry Christmas." The pack departed quietly, the Omegas and Mycroft lingering only a little longer to finish cleaning the kitchen and box the leftovers before returning to spend a quiet evening at their own home.
John purred in agreement, then wriggled, trying to stand, heaving in vain to try to push himself to standing, but at eight and a half months pregnant with triplets and fattened by Sherlock's care he simply couldn't manage. "Damn it," he moaned, "I knew this was coming... I can't get up on my own." He flushed scarlet, suddenly bashful and embarrassed at the thought of how plump and full of babies he was, utterly stuffed and approaching the point when he would become bedbound. "A little help? I have to piss," he grumbled, taking Mycroft's hand when he offered it to save Sherlock having to get up.
"I'm well," Victor replied easily, offering Sherlock a smile. "That's my bondmate, Oliver, with the twins - Henry and Edward, they turned seven last week - and this is Caroline," he added, indicating the toddler in his arms who had inherited his floppy chocolate hair. Oliver was busy trying to persuade the twins not to climb into the duckpond, but waved over at them in greeting. John smiled and nodded back, sending another reassuring pulse of love and courage through the bond. "How have you been? I hear you made quite a name for yourself as a detective," Victor smiled encouragingly.
John's breath was heaving, trying to regain some semblance of a normal rhythm, but when Sherlock murmured low in his ear like that it hitched again. He paused, considering the request, looking into his mate's lust-darkened eyes. "Yes," he breathed. "I'll do it for
Both Omegas moaned softly, nuzzling their faces together before indulging in more kissing. John ran his hands greedily over the servant, testing where he was most responsive, feeling the weight of his belly and running his fingers sensually across his hole before lifting them to his lips and sniffing curiously, poking his tongue out to lap up the slick. It tasted of sweet berries and honey, the milky note from the servant’s pregnancy obvious, and John purred appreciatively, nudging the servant onto his side so he could lap the delicious juices directly from the source.
he smiled, panting lightly as the Alpha's cock grazed over his prostate and made him squeal and gasp as the sensations fizzed through him.
"We think so," Victor grinned playfully, draining his cup. John smirked back, shuffling to the edge of his seat and attempting to haul himself up to fetch more biscuits; he hushed Sherlock's whine of protest and offer to fetch them himself with a firm hand on the Alpha's shoulder and a gentle kiss to his forehead. "I need to go to the loo anyway... I've got three babies using my bladder as a football," he muttered darkly, rubbing his swollen belly and waddling off in the direction of the kitchen, clutching the empty tray.
John let out a filthy moan and melted into the touch. "Yours, all yours, only yours," he agreed happily. "Mmm... I really can't wait to show everyone my bump and see the looks on their faces." He nuzzled into his Alpha, sighing. "Can't you make time go faster?" he whined, forgetting momentarily that his powerful Alpha wasn't actually omnipotent.
John purred as Sherlock helped to heave him out of the bath, subtly pressing closer to his mate to try to kiss and nuzzle his jaw. When the Alpha snapped his fingers the club Omega waddled through and fetched them two warmed towels from the rack, as if they were too important even to reach for their own, helping to dry John's massive form. The doctor watched with interest while the servant dried off Sherlock's curls and knelt to attend to his feet, bringing him to eye level with the Alpha's enormous erection; John could tell that the other Omega was impressed and a little aroused by the sight and suddenly felt incredibly smug that Sherlock was
"They sound perfect," Sherlock said, kissing the Omega softly. "Symbolic, but functional. They will suit us well, and perhaps we can have them engraved, too, if the idea is amenable to you. Unless you had a different custom design in mind, of course. But what were you doing looking at wedding rings, hmm?" he asked jokingly, but his tone not completely covering the look of anxious curiosity in his eyes.
control that will make them forget!" He could
It started with a text.
in years; the British Government never asked forgiveness for the tough decisions he had to make at work. This, though, was different. He
or leave. Now."
Sherlock sensed his mate's desire; he'd wanted the floor, but the wall was what the Omega desired, and so he cupped his wife's plump arse and lifted him fully, pressing the gravid man back against the wall as he continued his attentions. The Alpha was completely erect, and surprisingly, hesitantly, had felt something like ready at the thought of taking John on the slick shower floor. He knew he could have anything, but he also knew John wanted this, and so he ignored the need in his throbbing member, not wanting to penetrate his mate in this position. Holding John this way was no trouble, but it meant that Sherlock could do no more but continue to kiss the Omega, his hands too occupied in supporting his mate to be of any use elsewhere.
never will. I'm fine with pushing the date around if necessary as long as it’s not too far back... I still want to be able to walk unassisted." He rubbed his belly thoughtfully. "Say the 31st of March, that's as late as I want to go, worst-case scenario. I'll be five months along by then..."
Beatrice could not hold back in the face of her son's need, despite all her shyness and previous fear. Mycroft had proved himself a generous and kind pack leader, who would never admonish her for showing affection - she knew that. She hurried across the room and sank onto the sofa beside Sherlock, gathering him into her arms and holding him close. "Shhh, darling, it's alright," she soothed, just as she had when he was little. "I'm here. Please don't cry, my darling boy." Beatrice rubbed his back in small circles as he sobbed and shook against her, her own eyes glassy with tears she refused to shed. Her baby needed her, and she would give him what he needed. "Love you, Sherlock," she ventured calmly, kissing his curls, "hush now, it's alright. You're alright, you're safe, I'm here."
"I'd only wait to make you happy - if I had my way I'd do just that, breed you up right away, you wouldn't be empty for more than a second before my cock was in you again, filling you, impregnating you- you'd constantly be swollen, enormous, growing and waiting to birth more- oh
Sherlock merely inclined his head in understanding. The Beta smoothly pulled a small, ornate brass key and chain from her pocket, and inserted it into the keyhole. There was a small click, and she swung the door inward to reveal the most elegant set of rooms Sherlock had laid eyes on.
"Are... Are you expecting another pup?" she asked incredulously.
Imogen (pale lemon yellow) has auburn waves and dark blue eyes, and a face shape sort of like Mycroft's.
" John beamed, making a mental note to spread it out on the bed in the nest when he modelled Sherlock's
"You're so ripe, so heavy you can barely stand. The way you hold yourself now, keeping your legs bowed, so encumbered by the weight of your middle... Watching you waddle, even watching you like this, is a show of its own. I want you to pace a little before settling down. Show me how much of a burden your womb is. The Beta will return in a few minutes and outfit you with the internal and external vibrators.  Make a few more rounds with the toys on and working, then come recline on the cushions at my feet. I want you like that for a little while, before I take you myself," Sherlock growled, his own cock throbbing at the thought.
"Fuck, Brendan, you smell so ripe," Leo breathed, licking a stripe up his neck.
. He stroked his mate's dark curls once more before dropping his hand to wrap around his back, snuggling further into the pillows and sighing, stilling again, dropping further into sleep with a little snore. He made a soft whine of protest when the Alpha finally withdrew his cock, and finished nursing, wriggling to get closer to him again, satisfied when he felt warm hands on his belly and a nose at his scent gland. He settled into Sherlock's arms and slept deeply.
it feels like I'll be open for a
Remington was still suckling at John's other breast, curled up against him, whimpering softly and teasing his nipple with his tongue like Sherlock did when he wanted more milk. John carded a hand into his hair, petting him, crooning to soothe him; the younger Omega had never been part of a wholly loving pack before and the nurturing tenderness of nursing was all but foreign to him. Catherine and Beatrice had done their best to shield him, and love him, but Siger only permitted so much affection to be shown to the boy. John knew he'd need longer than the others, so he simply let him suckle, knowing his milk wouldn't run out. He rocked his hips slightly, wanting to pleasure his mate, but also needing the friction; he'd never had two mouths on him at once like this and it felt wonderful.
John looked on the brink of agony, but Sherlock was ruthless, pounding into him at an animalistic pace, growling and grunting softly with each thrust. He smirked as he watched John's splayed legs contract and raise off the sheets in pleasure, the Omega's toes curling desperately.
Collar aside, John was more needy than usual; with his collar on, the Omega's control rapidly slipped from him. "Careful, dearest - soak through those underthings and you won't have anything to wear to the club," Sherlock rumbled, his fingers dipping dangerously low between the Omega's legs to press against John's hot entrance. "You're already quite wet just now," he observed quietly, forcing himself to pull the digits away once more.
... It's your fault I'm such a knotslut, you know, I can't get enough of having your big... fat... knot... wedged inside me..." He punctuated the words with gentle squeezes to the spongy tissue at the base of his mate's cock, where the knot would form if his hormones triggered it. As he pumped Sherlock's cock he began to add teasing little flicks of his thumb over the head, just the way the Alpha liked. "I want it... I want to sit on your knot and have you rub my belly while I swell for you with your next litter," John purred, "I want you to collar me and send me so far into subspace that you can fuck my throat again... and when you do... Sherlock... I want you to
John purred quietly, blinking demurely as he smiled up at his mate and spread his legs for him, inviting him back in. He couldn't get enough of his Alpha's praise and pride, pushing complete fulfilment and contentment through their bond.
.." He couldn't help but groan; John was utterly exquisite like this. John's full breasts were at capacity again, and began leaking in thick rivulets down his enormous teats and low belly, only to be eagerly rubbed into the Omega's glistening skin. It was utterly pornographic.
Sherlock moved forward in his chair, placing his feet on either side of John's so that their legs lay flush against one another. He smiled as the Omega spread his fingers shyly for him. The Alpha slowly slid the silver band onto his mate's ring finger, holding it there as he lifted his eyes to his Omega's once more, repeating the vows carefully, earnestly. "Mine," he added quietly when he had finished, the word laced with infinite tenderness.
we could keep the pups and just get rid of the incubator... but wouldn't you rather fill me with your pups right now?" he breathed seductively, pushing every sexual note in his scent towards the Alpha. "You can smell my heat, I know you can. You could pin me down and fuck me and knot me right here, fill me with your seed... I bet you've got an enormous cock. And a knot that could ruin my arse. Such a strong Alpha... can you scent how wet I am for you?" he purred, reaching into his dripping entrance, sliding three fingers inside easily. "Ohhh... so
, your knot is enormous," he moaned happily, nuzzling his mate's neck.
"Mmm," Sherlock agreed, wrapping his arms around his heavy partner and snuggling up to him. He had only regressed just a little, enough to warrant the extra care and tenderness to soothe his frayed nerves. "You held out on me. You had these the whole time?" he accused teasingly, coming somewhat back to himself as he grew more comfortable. "No matter... glad you brought them. Thank you," he added gently, remembering his manners. Manners always earned him a reward. "I'm a little hungry too," he added, looking up at John innocently. "May I? Please?"
John panted harder, his breasts bouncing with the rise and fall of his chest, beginning to leak milk as they filled to capacity; he wriggled luxuriously on his mate's cock, groaning in bliss as he felt the beginnings of the knot rub against him. "Yes, yes, like that, oh god, so good, so fucking good... ah, yes, Christ, yes!" Deliberately, sensually, he squeezed around Sherlock's cock, purring loudly, almost in tears at how exquisite it felt to have his Alpha inside him and touching his belly. "Let me hear you," he begged, realising that Sherlock had been silent the entire time; he wanted to hear his mate's pleasure, wanted them to make love to each other and share the experience.
- She beamed up at her eldest son, shuffling forward gently and offering him the object. Proudly, she bore her neck for her pack leader to fasten on the collar.
"Merry Christmas," echoed around the table, accompanied by genuine smiles (and a small sniffle from Mrs Hudson). John beamed at his mate, eyes full of pride, and began spooning roast potatoes onto his plate, the cue for the others to start serving themselves as well. There was a small flurry of activity as everyone began loading their own plates with food, passing dishes across each other and jostling for space on the crowded table, as Sherlock carved the turkey (John thought wryly all those experiments with scalpels came in handy after all). When everyone had a full plate and the turkey had been dished out John picked up the cracker lying next to him and pointed the other end at Sherlock, stifling a giggle at his initial fleeting look of abject horror before he grasped the other end resignedly and pulled. Sherlock won. John smirked delightedly. "Come on, put the crown on, you have to, it's the rules," he grinned, sharing a conspiratorial look with Lestrade as the detective picked up his own cracker and offered the other end to Molly.
When the pack leader finished soothing the wound, the younger Alpha dropped to the ground and rolled over on his back, exposed and vulnerable to his sibling. He whined once more, looking for all the world like a puppy seeking its master's approval - much like John did in his Omega state.
John purred agreeably, continuing to pet the Alpha like he wanted, with just a little extra pressure where it was most appreciated. "There now, that's better, isn't it, my sweet one?" he crooned softly, "Yes, Mama's milk tastes nice, doesn't it... you have as much as you want my darling, that's right... mmm, good boy, suckling so well... ohhh, yes, you have a good feed love, there will always be more if you want it..." He pressed gentle, adoring kisses into Sherlock's hair as the Alpha suckled, purring quietly and continuing his litany of encouragement and endearment. Usually when Sherlock suckled him it was lazier, because he couldn't be bothered to go and get food, or more intense while they were in a haze of lust, but this felt more like Sherlock wanted the security and nurturing of nursing from him, and John was more than happy to provide it. His scent changed to push out more maternal markers, as it had at their wedding, and John sighed happily, pushing love through the bond.
"And you took them all like the good Omega you are," the Alpha snarled. Sherlock moaned loudly as John clenched around him, driving into him so hard the Omega's feet were lifting off the ground, sucking even darker marks into his mate's neck before moving to his mouth, nipping and kissing at John's lower lip until it was reddened and sore. "You're going to swell out so fast, everyone will know how you're mine, your belly will fill the whole bed by the time you're ready to birth, full to bursting with my babies." He reached between them to fist a hand around John's small cock, pumping it roughly as he growled.
"O-oh Myc-" Persephone moaned, her toes curling. She gasped as Mycroft's tongue entered her, arching as much as she was able. "Hahhh- God, that's-" Her breath hitched, her mate's ministrations drawing a delicate whine from her throat. The Omega's head lolled back as she released another wave of slick, her fluids coursing down her bondmate's chin as her sounds became more desperate. Even in front of their pack members, Mycroft and Persephone were controlled in their affections; in private, however, they had no reservations about driving one another wild. "Please," she begged, her belly heaving with her laboured breaths, "My- ahh- Myc, darling-
We have accidentally written the War and Peace of Omegaverse. We are not sorry. We are still writing. Please send help.
Seeing John rub his churning womb completed the picture of perfection between Sherlock's legs, and the onlookers recognized it. The blonde's Omega was already mewling and moaning for permission to come, her mate thrusting hard into her and making her belly bounce; the redhead clutched it and suddenly gave a cry, clear fluid gushing out around the cock filling her and soaking her Alpha's lap. Her mate grinned and continued thrusting harder as the Omega began to pant, belly contracting tightly. "Ripe and ready for the birthing suite," the blonde growled, "She'll be whelping within the hour."
Sherlock purred pulling John into another kiss as they left, one arm around his Omega's back and curling protectively over his gravid belly. "I'd like that," he murmured. The next house was also in St. John's Wood, but the Alpha had no intention of making his pregnant Omega walk, and so called a cab to take them to the location a few minutes away. On the way, he phoned Mary; she'd not gone far, and was more than willing to show them around the home.
John shivered in anticipation, an illicit thrill sparking down his spine at the thought of using the toy; Omegas were built to receive, and while it wasn't completely unheard of for an Omega to top, it was very rare. He took the toy with slightly shaking hands, turning it over and examining it closely as he shifted to his knees to give his Alpha a better view. Biting his lip nervously he reached back and stroked his fingers over his dripping hole, not dipping inside it - that belonged to his mate - simply slicking his fingers so that he could rub them on the toy, lubricating it with his own juices before pumping his cock a few times and lining himself up to push inside the Omegalight.
"I have, love. I told them," he soothed. "I warned them." Even so, he was nervous. He'd been
"Hush, love, I know," he soothed. "I know you'd never hurt me on purpose. I won't have safewords," he said fiercely, "we don't need them. We just need to communicate more about what we want and expect out of sex and intimacy. We can talk about it later," he purred, still rocking his mate, rubbing his back, giving him the comfort he needed, crooning softly as Sherlock's hands moved uncertainly to his fly. "Yes, love," he consented softly. "Whatever you need," he agreed, pliantly letting Sherlock tug off his jeans and jacket, kissing his Alpha's lips. "Love you. My Alpha. Yours, always and only yours," he breathed into his ear, knowing his mate needed to hear it. "I'll never want anyone else, couldn't ever want anyone else. I love you, I love you," he murmured, stroking his Alpha's cheek with one hand, looping the other arm around his back in an embrace. The Alpha whined a little as he pulled at John's clothing, until the Omega was completely naked and laid out on the sun-warmed tile floor. He gazed up at his apprehensive, saddened Alpha and spread his legs invitingly. "Come on, Sherlock. I'm yours. Come inside me, love." He hadn't realised Sherlock would be so affected by his words; the pain had been a slight dull ache, like the ache when he
Sherlock groaned as John moved, and a grin grew on his face as his Omega spoke, soft and sad at first, then more certain. "You'll look more claimed with my come rubbed all over your belly," the Alpha purred, stroking his mate's gravid middle, "but right now you could not look more
The Times, 24th January, 2014
you to hurt me, when you claim me roughly and bite me and nip my lips and pound me so hard I forget everything except your name... I'm not made of glass. Nothing to be upset about. Love you," he huffed softly into his Alpha's hair, rocking him a little, even as Sherlock's cock began to go down inside him. He pushed as much love and acceptance and forgiveness through their bond as he could, soothing him, holding him like he would a penitent child. "Shall we go and see the last house?" he murmured softly, carding a hand through the dark curls, kissing every part of his mate he could reach.
. The doctor cupped Sherlock's cheek tenderly with one hand and rested the other lightly on his waist, gazing trustingly up at him, keeping their eyes locked, exhaling in a stuttering breath as the Alpha rocked his hips and pushed the head of his huge member inside him. He pressed back into it, wanting more, wanting all of it, feeling like his skin was on fire, every touch like electricity - anything Sherlock did to him could only bring him more wonderful, sensual pleasure. Not wanting to miss a second of his mate's expressions, John kept his eyes fixed on Sherlock as he pushed the rest of the way in with small grunts and moans; the Omega began to pant and keen as his Alpha filled him, clinging more tightly to his mate.
With a quick lick of his lips, the Alpha lunged for his phone, punching in the request with frantic fingers. In the kitchen, Beatrice raised an eyebrow when her own mobile vibrated in her apron pocket, and studied the short text with curiosity. "Surely he can't be done? We would have heard," she said, showing the message to Catherine, who shrugged. Beatrice sighed fondly, plating a large tray full of muffins, cake, and pastry, and hurried off to the nest.
He knew it would be horrible for his mate to receive those emotions out of nowhere, but it was necessary. As long as Moriarty didn't realise their bond was strong enough to send emotions over long distances (most bonds weren't, only the very strongest could manage to send emotions more than a block or so) he wouldn't know Sherlock was on his way back. "So why don't you tell me why you're really here? Or did seducing Sherlock not work for you last time? Want some tips?" he smirked, rubbing his belly smugly.
, John responded honestly,
Sherlock hushed him with a deep kiss, smiling mischievously against his Omega's lips when he pulled away. "I have a surprise of my own for you," he murmured, palming John's cock through his jeans. Carefully, the Alpha leaned back and reached his hand underneath his mate's pillow, drawing out a sleek wooden box. "Strip first," he ordered, "And then this is yours, my Omega." He opened the lid to reveal a beautiful, burnished brown leather collar with shining brass fittings. Along the inner length, in script, were embossed the words, "
John blinked, exhaled slowly, inhaled a stuttering breath. He recognised what this was. This wasn't just Molly being thoughtful - this was
"You may," Sherlock breathed, kissing John deeply and spreading his legs wider. He could already feel the faintest stirrings of a knot as John moved between his legs. The Alpha's enormous erection jutted out proudly from his lithe body, the tip dark and already leaking precome; a drop of the clear fluid pooled at his glans for a moment before spilling over and rolling down his impressive length. Propping himself up on his elbows, he watched the Omega almost dazedly as John knelt in front of him, the site of his mate's heavy body in such a submissive position drawing a soft groan from the Alpha.
Sherlock blinked at the question, beginning to stroke John's belly as if he were suspicious it might disappear at any moment. He kissed and tongued over the skin lightly. "I don't know," the Alpha murmured, "Perhaps another early heat. Perhaps one day one of us might have slipped up, casually or under pressure during a case, and said or done something too revealing to ignore." He moved up John's body, pulling the Omega onto his lap, and brought their lips together. His fingers explored the taut skin of his mate's exposed middle as he cupped the back of John's head, drawing him in for deep, languid kisses. "I am not sure..." he murmured between kisses, "Whether either of us would have consciously made an attempt at romance... We were too oblivious to each other's affections... The risk was too much... But your body... knew you wanted me... it was bound to happen eventually... try to bring me to you..."
"I'm sure the others are wondering where we are," Sherlock murmured idly, "Or perhaps not, with the pups keeping them so busy. They're so pleased with themselves, our children - they know exactly what to do to get the most attention from their pack members..."
John smiled down at him and stroked his hair. "Then we will definitely need a housekeeper. An
John gritted his teeth to stifle a moan of relief as Sherlock finally latched on. He twined his fingers in the curls at the back of his mate's head, holding him in place, cradling him, encouraging. The noise of the play covered the wet little sounds of the Alpha's suckling and John's tender crooning, the way he knew his mate liked. His voice barely audible, he murmured praises and encouragements as his Alpha suckled eagerly, feeling the wonderful lessening of pressure as his milk was drawn out. "You knew this would happen, didn't you?" John purred quietly, massaging slightly with the hand cradling Sherlock's head. "You knew I'd get so full I'd need this, be so desperate for you I'd let you nurse from me right here where anyone could see. Anybody could turn around and see you at my breast, suckling like a pup. But you knew I'd need you, need the relief, and that's why you had them set the room up like this, with everyone between us and the stage. We're too far into the shadows for the actors to see, and all our guests have their attention on the play. Clever Alpha, so thoughtful," he murmured, stroking his mate's cheek affectionately when he finally pulled off the first nipple with a wet pop.
, Sherlock said quickly. The Alpha had all but tumbled forward at his mate's feet when John opened the door,
Mycroft had gone into the corridor to stretch his legs, but he was quickly accosted by a doctor.
"You won't be doing this consciously - in a few hours, when things truly begin to happen, you will slip back into your Omega.
- about how you were going to bond me and put a whole litter of your pups in my belly, how I'd be pregnant before I left the building... oh, oh god, Sherlock..." John's words dissolved into plaintive little cries as he rocked faster, achingly close to coming, and then as he remembered how his fantasy had ended, with Sherlock forcing his huge knot into John and filling the Omega so full of his seed it sloshed when they moved, he came with an absolutely filthy moan, primal and uninhibited.
John stood frozen, his instinct demanding that he mewl needily for attention from his mate, reassurance that this Alpha would not touch him. He ignored it, trusting Sherlock to handle the situation. He could tell that Sherlock's sire was a powerful Alpha; he was clearly not used to being disobeyed. John noticed that he hadn't even mentioned the second option; a fight for dominance. If Sherlock could beat him, he would no longer have to recognise the man as his pack Alpha. John shifted nervously, his back starting to hurt from being on his feet for so long. He dug his hand into his pocket and did the only thing he could think of to help. He texted Mycroft.
John's inner Omega writhed in glee as his Alpha fed him, eagerly lapping up the broth. This felt so different from the last time he'd whelped; then he'd been helpless and scared, pinned to the bed with the number of pups stuffed in his belly, and had to retreat into instinct to cope. Now he knew what to expect, knew what his body was capable of, and only had three pups to birth. His Alpha was here, caring for him, providing, and their existing litter was happy and contented. Safety surrounded him like a blanket, making him sigh and croon happily as the pains in his back grew.
he begged,
- as a man who had spent nearly entirety of his life with the understanding that he was impossible, unlovable, alone - they were so much more. He nodded at Johns question, ignoring the suddenly thick feeling in his throat and retrieving the pumps before helping his partner onto hands and knees, John's belly hanging heavily and pressing into the sheets more than ever. Once more, the Alpha entered his mate as the Omega's milk began to spurt into the bottles, accompanied by a low moan of pleasure from John. As the pair began to move together, Sherlock placed tender kisses to his mate's shoulders. He worked his way to John's neck with a hum of pleasure, suckling light marks on the slightly tanned skin, laving his tongue over the Omega's scent gland and making John whimper beneath him. His hands caressed his mate's belly, felt the fullness of it, the sensations of thirteen pups beginning to awaken, causing the swell to tremble with their movement. He pressed his forehead to the nape of his mate's neck and purred to soothe them, feeling himself drawing closer to his release as milk filled the containers at John's teats. The Alpha reached down to stroke his mate's cock, taking John's small member easily in hand as the bottles neared their capacity.
Remington sobbed into John's full chest, feeling his shirt wet lightly with the other Omega's milk. He'd never known. Catherine loved him with all her heart, but he'd always felt like a curse to her. If only he'd been a female, then perhaps Siger would have been willing to marry him off and try to sire more children on his mother. The Alpha had treated her so well before his birth, Siger never failed to remind him, showing her off proudly and lavishing her with every luxury an Omega could be afforded. As far as Remington knew, he'd ruined his mother's life; he knew Siger was cruel, but perhaps Catherine would have been spared more if Remington had come out-
John nodded vaguely and licked his lips, snaking a hand out to steal one of the hash browns from Sherlock's plate and munching on it contemplatively as Sherlock picked at his food. He began to rub his swollen belly in increasingly bigger circles, closing his eyes lazily as he felt his stomach protest at the volume of food he'd forced into it. "I'm going to get changed," he purred playfully, gripping the edge of the table to help heave himself to his feet. "You stay here and finish your breakfast... don't come through until I call you, it's a surprise," he said sternly, kissing his Alpha's nose and waddling away towards the nest.
Sherlock lay panting heavily on top of his Omega, groaning a little as the movement caused his own seed to press down against the sensitive head of his cock. He lapped at the sweat beading on John's forehead, his fingers running softly along the sides of his mate's gravid middle. "God, that-" he moaned softly, "Was- was that good?" His dominance slipped just a little to reveal a sliver of vulnerability. The fantasy had turned him on as much - or more - as it had John, and while there could be no doubt the Omega was completely blissed-out, the Alpha hoped he'd carried out the role to his mate's every satisfaction.
He gently extracted his leg from underneath John's belly, and leaned over to kiss his mate on the temple. "I'll be back before you know it," he murmured, pressing another tender kiss to John's belly before rising from the nest. All would be well, he reassured himself as he strode out the door, his mind already turning to the case at hand. All would be well.
"Enjoying the view, my Alpha? You can see my huge belly swollen in front of you, stuffed full of your litter... and you can feel the breasts I need to feed them around your cock, you gave me these too... so lush and full of milk to feed your pups," John murmured seductively, licking at Sherlock's balls when they swung over his mouth. "Does it feel good, fucking my breasts, Sherlock? Forcing your thick Alpha cock between my ripe, milky tits?" he whispered, smirking and lapping at his mate's balls again.
filling the air, encouraging the Alpha to relax and snuggle closer against his mate, to be held in loving arms and crooned to and adored. John stroked Sherlock's dark curls fondly and swiped a thumb across his mate's cheek, cradling him as he switched to the other breast.
, John moaned through the bond, his chest heaving with quickened breath,
Sherlock allowed his eyes to fall closed for a moment, luxuriating in the warmth of John's love.
John mewled breathily as his Alpha's throbbing erection filled him, snuggling back against his mate, his legs spread wide to accommodate his massive belly which rested on the sheets. He purred softly, glancing first at Mycroft, extending the invitation. He hummed lightly as the ginger Alpha smoothed a hand over his gravidity, feeling the movements of the pups. He invited Lestrade next, since he knew the inspector better than the other three pack members, surprised by how natural and soothing the touch felt. Beatrice, Remington and Catherine joined in quickly, John purring loudly at the feeling of so many loving, caressing hands on his taut skin. He clenched hard around his mate, undulating his walls, deliberately milking his cock, a private rhythm between the two of them. The pups began to kick in response to the touches, as if they were trying to nuzzle against the hands through the skin of John's belly. They obviously couldn't scent, but feeling the movements would help the other pack members form a bond with them; much like Beta babies could sense their parents voices, Alpha/Omega pups could sense their sire or pack.
John mewled happily as Sherlock touched his belly, humming appreciatively as he felt his mate's semen fill him and begin to leak from his hole. He exhaled as Sherlock pulled out slowly, allowing the Alpha to turn him onto his side and detach the now-full bottles, smiling as he pulled a nipple into his mouth and began to nurse, drawing out the last of his milk, switching to the other and doing the same. "Not long until Christmas," John murmured. "I'm glad we get to spend it together. Our first Christmas as a family. I've decided," he added quietly. "I've decided which last name I want when we get married."
"Five per day is quite a lot," Sherlock said with a raised eyebrow, "I had been assuming you were planning to see two or three a day. No matter, we'll figure something out." He kissed the Omega's head, "I know it seems overwhelming, but don't worry so. I have a large inheritance, and several generous gifts from private clients that we can fall back on. Neither you nor our children will want for anything." He massaged John's shoulders lovingly, pulling his mate close against him.
John hushed him tenderly, cupping his face. "Sherlock, look at me," he insisted. "There was never anything between me and him. Never." He stroked the Alpha's cheek and took both of his hands, holding them lightly. "When I was in the army, an Alpha colonel took a liking to me. We were friends, nothing more, never more, but he... wanted to be. Mostly we got along fine, just normal friends, but one day he just - snapped, I guess. He cornered me and tried to bite me, tried to force a bond. So I broke his fucking nose, and he was sent home dishonourably discharged. After that I was understandably more wary around Alphas... until you. You're my exception, you always have been. There was never anyone else for me but you," he finished tenderly, squeezing his mate's hands. "I never told you because far worse happened in the army, I got shot at on a regular basis and had to deal with explosions and roadside bombs and knifings and god knows what, so a brief scuffle seemed... insignificant. He never got his teeth on my neck." He drew Sherlock's hands to his belly, pressing them to where one of the pups was waking at the sugar rush from the food, smiling tentatively.
It was over in seconds, the baby emerging in one slick slide, caught deftly by its sire. Mycroft stared in wonder at the baby in his hands. A son. “Sephy,” he breathed, smiling at her with tears in his eyes, “darling, it’s a boy. We have a son.” Persephone purred loudly, allowing Mycroft to scent the boy before reaching out to demand the baby so she could feed him. Mycroft stayed protectively close, guarding his mate and their child in the lull between this birth and the next. He couldn’t put into words the dizzying mix of joy, pride, love, and possessiveness he felt, but he knew that Persephone would sense it through their bond, and nuzzled her forehead solicitously, silently asking her if he could fetch her anything.
"Well, he, erm, he stole some, um, pills. It's - it's bad medicine that makes you
John tried his best not to rock his hips as Sherlock's hand moved deftly over the bulge in his trousers, almost panting with lust at how completely his Alpha owned him. He didn't trust himself to speak but he couldn't help mewling quietly, trembling in his arms as he got closer and closer to coming, the very public nature of what they were doing only pushing him to the edge faster. He locked his gaze on his mate's eyes as he drew nearer to his orgasm, his expression wrecked and desperate, his eyes widening as he felt it draw close, his cock throbbing rhythmically under Sherlock's skilled hands, until he bucked a little and spurted into his boxers with a tiny keening whine, shuddering and resting his forehead against Sherlock's shoulder.
to rectify the damage." Sherlock snarled, ready to spring.
kill our babies," he sobbed, curling in on himself, finally opening his mind to the bond again and letting Sherlock feel his love and guilt and joy.
"Stay exactly where you are, Sherlock," came a strong, clear voice, echoing through the entrance hall. It was unmistakeably an order, in direct contradiction to the one given moments earlier by Siger, who rounded on the owner of the voice furiously. "How dare you presume to give orders to one of my pack! You will stay out of this and I will deal with you later!"
"So, old friend?" he tried conversationally as he sat down, managing a polite smile as he laid out their food.
think about this one? You never said," he asked softly, covering himself and rebuttoning his shirt.
knows who you belong to..."
John clucked sympathetically and gathered Sherlock closer. "I know, my love, I know you want to go home. It's just for tonight, my brave boy." He cooed softly, nuzzling Sherlock's hair as if he were an upset pup. "We'll all go home after a nice sleep. And then tomorrow you can wear your nice soft pyjamas all day and lie on the sofa under our fur throw you got me, and I'll bring you everything you want. Myc will make pancakes, and we'll have a lovely quiet day with lots of cuddles, hmm? Does that sound nice, sweetheart?" His scent was already comfortingly maternal since he was surrounded by his pups, but John pushed out more soothing notes anyway, hoping to settle his mate.
"No," Sherlock rumbled, grinning at all the noise. This was more delicious than he thought. "No, I will not." He sat down in his chair and slowly began stroking at his length, his scent filling the flat and growing stronger by the second.
Sherlock swallowed, stealing a look at his mate's chest. John did look fuller, his breasts obviously straining heavily against the fabric of his shirt since he hadn't yet been milked that day. "I... um..." he took a deep breath, inhaling the Omega's scent, and his free hand travelled to John's belly, beginning to stroke it unconsciously. He could feel his Alpha desire tugging strongly at him, and leaned in to kiss his mate's neck tenderly. At a knowing prod from John, he blinked and pulled back, kissing the Omega sweetly on the cheek. "Yes, right. Home. Just after we finish the tea," he said smoothly, his eyes traveling to the scans on the table once more.
Sherlock watched with wide eyes, his gaze fixed on the scanner. Seeing the small blobs on the screen such a short while ago had been incredible - the knowledge that he had put them there inspiring pride and wonder and no small amount of love - but now, now they were almost tangible. Recognizable. John had felt them. They had tiny arms and legs and were moving more or less right in front of him. It made it hard to catch his breath. He automatically cupped John's sticky belly where the wand wasn't, burying his nose in the soft fabric of the jumper covering his mate's shoulder, his eyes misting with tears. "I love you," he choked to his Omega, wet gaze fixed on the screen, "I love you, I love you..."
As the knot filled his mouth John was forced to breathe through his nose, swallowing quickly so he didn't choke on the sheer volume of his Alpha's release. His own cock throbbed needily and his hole was soft and slick with his arousal but he made no move to pleasure himself, whimpering and moaning to show his mate how much he loved the firm knot filling his mouth, still rubbing his belly as the triplets shifted in his womb. The tag on the collar clinked quietly as he wriggled slightly on the bed to enable himself to keep breathing, his breasts leaking a steady stream of creamy milk and staining the covers - it felt like hours since he had last fed the pups and he knew they would need their next feed soon, but he stayed deep in subspace, knowing his mate would bring their babies to him when they needed to be fed, trusting Sherlock completely. He felt more
"Flip a coin? Arm wrestle?" John suggested cheekily, kissing Sherlock again. "If we agree on nothing else, can we agree that John Holmes-Watson sounds better than Sherlock Watson-Holmes?" He dipped in for another, longer kiss. "I cannot get enough of you... why is that, babydaddy?" he murmured, sucking lightly on Sherlock's neck.
John murmured affectionately, wiggling his hips provocatively to rub against Sherlock's knot.
Sherlock's eyes widened, the request making his heart skip a beat, his cock twitching readily. "You're such a slut when you're whelping," he breathed, grinning. Without any further prompting, he pulled his fingers out of the Omega's entrance and gripped his own enormous member, guiding it to John's dripping hole and pushing in with a deep moan. Despite opening in preparation for the birth, John was still incredibly tight, and the Alpha gave a cry of pleasure as a sudden contraction forced his mate to clench around him. Gripping John's hips firmly, he began to move. "You like this?" he groaned, thrusting forward in short, rapid stabs; he wanted to fill John but avoid the first pup's head as it began to drop. "Look at you, so fat and full, on the verge of pushing out my litter - and still you beg for more. You're incredible. And all mine," the Alpha purred. He panted quietly, grunting as he undulated his body, his cock stretching and filling the labouring Omega to the chorus of John's strained moaning.
John keened and let his head drop, exposing his nape as fully as possible to his Alpha. His mouth hung open as he panted and moaned, pushing back into the sensations of his mate's cock rubbing against his walls and filling him, arching his spine so that his sensitive navel rubbed more strongly against the floor. Distantly he heard the sound of an Alpha in another room grunting and growling; John could not understand the words, but knew well enough that the Alpha was about to knot, and lowed softly, subtly begging Sherlock to knot him, too, eager to please his own Alpha.
Only later would he realise what Sherlock had done; for now, he was a blissfully happy Omega, thrilled that his mate wanted him again, had allowed him to carry more pups, had approved of the thirteen healthy pups he'd already given him. Sighing happily as they shifted to lie on their sides, spooned close on the sheets which still smelled of birth and sweat and sex and milk, John closed his eyes again, his instinct telling him to get as much sleep as he could manage now, because soon the pups would be strong enough to wake for longer, and would need his full attention. One hand drifted to rest on his belly, rubbing it fondly.
"The bigger I get, the longer I'll knot you," Sherlock growled, nipping at John's earlobe, "Though it varies, of course - the more desperate you are, the longer the knot will stay inflated." His fingertips just brushed the base of the Omega's erection through his trousers, but went no further, retreating back up the heavy curve of John's gravid belly. "And if I mean to get you pregnant, of course...," he hummed, massaging the skin. John tried to squirm underneath him and the Alpha's grin grew wider. "Am I going to make you come in your trousers, John?" he asked innocently, "With my hands on your big belly? So gravid, so fecund... I love seeing you waddle with this on your front, though it was most pleasing when you couldn't
Mycroft cleared his throat a little. "It appears that your offspring have inherited your early loquaciousness, brother mine... You said your first word aged five months as well. Mummy didn't believe me at first, did you?" he smiled at his mother, encouraging her to tell the story of how a seven-year-old Mycroft had come into the library, a cooing baby Sherlock in his arms, and insisted that the boy had spoken.
John mewed desperately, letting every little wanton sound that wanted to spill from his lips escape; he kept his arm around the servant's shoulders to help keep himself upright but dropped the other to the lower curve of his rounded belly, cupping it lovingly, lifting it just a little to feel the weight of the wriggling triplets inside. When the servant began to grope his full breasts, milking him expertly, the doctor had to use every shred of his self-control to avoid coming on the spot; feeling someone else's hands on him like this, under his Alpha's firm directions, felt both thrilling and reassuring at once.
Sherlock felt happiness and relief wash over him at Lestrade's presence. He purred as his firstborn settled lovingly against the inspector. Lestrade could help fetch the shopping when they'd finished this round of feeding - which, thanks to the diligence of Mrs Hudson and the other two Omegas, was nearly finished. Mrs Hudson had also managed to keep Catherine and Beatrice calm as the Omega mothers watched the distressed boy, Catherine's heart especially breaking for her son. But John was wise, and they saw no reason to interfere in his words with Remington. He could do better than they at mentoring the young Omega and helping him to see the reality of the world. Sherlock quietly texted Mycroft.
He felt utterly owned by the majestic figure in front of him, and he wanted to be. With careful steps, he crossed the little space between them, and sank into Mycroft's lap, purring dreamily as he straddled the pack Alpha and felt the other man's hardness pressing up against him. "Yours," he murmured, feeling slightly drunk as he wrapped his arms around his elder sibling's shoulders, letting Mycroft close the rest of the distance and capture his mouth in a soft kiss.
John began to cry, softly, happy tears of pride in his babies. "That's right princess," he managed huskily, "Dada loves bumblebees too. Clever girl!"
insane detective husband is Sherlock Alexander Holmes-Watson. Our pack leader is your brother Mycroft who is the British Government and an annoying git sometimes. We lived at 221B Baker Street until we bonded and you bred me on the living room floor and you put thirteen of your children in me. We moved here so I could nest. We got married last week, I wore a kilt suit dress and you looked dashing in your tux. I have a Beta sister called Harry who showed up pissed. Alright, love? It's me. All me," he said softly, sensing the need in his mate to have him fully present.
"Shh, shh," Beatrice hummed softly, keeping her arms tightly around him. "I won't go, I promise. I would never have sent you away," she added fiercely, a touch of anger in her voice, "I wanted to keep you both at home, send you to a local school, but
Enora flailed and kicked, dissatisfied at being ignored, and began to whimper for attention; she was too far away for John to reach her, but he purred for her all the same, reassuring her that he was nearby.
?" he purred, his shirt straining tighter, his nipples beginning to darken.
Sherlock still held a small, buttery pastry in front of his Omega's lips for his mate to nibble on whenever he felt capable; his mate had to stay full, to keep this size up for the rest of the evening. John was still a proper mess, his gargantuan belly and heavy breasts littered with crumbs and dripping with sauces and small splotches of grease. The Alpha toyed with one pert, wet nipple, squirting jets of milk to add to the rest. Sherlock nipped the Omega's ear, looking over the gravid body with pride, purring as he saw the furthest curve of John's belly sagging so low it nearly made contact with the bed.
"I'd like joining our names," he smiled warmly. "I think I prefer John Watson-Holmes for myself... I don't know if you should change yours though, you're getting so well-known now, Sherlock Holmes is almost like a brand... The babies can be Holmes, or Holmes-Watson if you really want, that way they'll be closer to the beginning of the alphabet, because trust me, at school, being right at the end is very annoying." He kissed Sherlock's lips softly. He was aware of the tradition of the Alpha's name coming first, but he'd spent enough time in school getting last choice and he didn't want that for his babies.
John purred sympathetically and moved closer, rubbing his Alpha's back and holding him tenderly, nuzzling his hair lovingly to calm him. "Hush, my Alpha," he said gently, rocking them together as he pressed little kisses to his mate's temple. When Sherlock had collected himself, John grinned widely as Sherlock began opening the card. The card itself was nice enough, a gingerbread village with lead paned windows and powder snow, but it was the first clue to the treasure hunt that John was keen for Sherlock to see. The photograph was a simple polaroid, but John knew that Sherlock would be able to deduce the location of the tree from the buildings in the background.
"May I fix you a drink, Miss Hooper?" asked Mycroft, rising from his seat and striding to the sideboard. John gaped at him, mouth open a little, before realising what he'd done - he was trying to spare Molly's feelings. He was being a gentleman. Molly blushed furiously and looked at the floor. "Um, well, yes, please, that would be - nice," she said hurriedly, "Er, just a brandy please." Mycroft poured the drink efficiently and presented it to her with a slightly strained, polite smile, as if he'd forgotten how. She took it gratefully, peeping up at him timidly from beneath her lashes, and exhaled a shaky thank you as Mycroft poured himself another brandy and raised his glass to her. "An excellent choice," he mused. "I always choose the same, however, so I may be a little biased. Your good health, Miss Hooper," he toasted, taking a sip. Lestrade choked on his whisky.
As soon as he scented the milk, Mycroft's pupils blew wide, his eyes almost ferally dark. "
Sherlock paused a little at the question. It wasn't something he'd thought about, much. In his fantasies, John could produce an infinite amount of children for him, but in reality, the Omega's time and eggs were very limited indeed; John was fast approaching menopause, and while Sherlock was certain his mate's body would not quit until all his eggs had been fertilized, there weren't too many of those left, either. "Ten, perhaps...," he said at length, nosing his Omega's scent gland, "your first litter was so enormous that you could have got several more small broods out of it, had our bonding not been so urgent. But you have an ample number left yet... Such a fertile Omega..."
Alistair grunted unhappily and turned back to face Sherlock, clinging stubbornly to his trousers with a vice-like grip. "Mine!" he asserted defiantly, making John crease up with laughter as he watched the tiny Alpha pup drag himself closer to Sherlock's leg. "Mine," Alistair reminded his father, snuggling closer so there was no danger of his father trying to send him away again.
," he insisted, reaching out his chubby arms and kicking his legs in his eagerness to get to his father, deciding that it was high time he got his share of attention.
Sherlock gave a soft, grateful whine, baring his neck to his brother. His breathing began to slow and even by degrees at Mycroft's loving attentions, and he rocked his hips backward gently, allowing the pack leader's cock to open him just a little bit more. He was Mycroft's, the action said clearly, Mycroft owned him.
Sherlock breathed a sigh of relief, a pleased smirk spreading across his own features at John's request. "You will be there when I tell everyone," he almost growled, noting how John couldn't keep his hands off of his stomach. "You'll be holding your belly, and I will be behind you with my own hands splayed over your middle when I announce that you're carrying. And then we'll tell them just how many I gave you..." He nuzzled his mate proudly, picturing Mycroft's scowl and Donovan and Anderson's jealous seething.
John nodded his understanding and purred in satisfaction as Sherlock admitted John's pregnancy was more stimulating. He brought his Alpha's hand up to his chest so he could feel the slight swell in the tender tissue. "With this many babies in me, I'll start producing milk early, maybe as early as twelve weeks..." he crooned softly. "We'll need to buy a breast pump to milk me so I don't get too full of milk and start leaking..."
He nuzzled John's cheek before returning to kissing him, keeping his eyes firmly shut.
will you, I'm too hot now, I need this parka off..." John wriggled out of the jacket and tossed it on a nearby chair, giggling as his Alpha pulled him impatiently back into his lap.
good you could allow me the privilege of sucking you off..." He nuzzled his Alpha's collarbone, happily rubbing his mate's scent all over himself. "Have you often thought of collaring me, Sir?" he asked flirtatiously, smiling as he pressed soft kisses to Sherlock's throat. "I used to think about it all the time... how we'd be out at a crime scene or somewhere, fighting about something, and suddenly you'd crowd up against me and before I knew it your collar would be around my neck. You'd tell me I was
… desperate... Nearly there... Whenever you feel you've had enough, you may come..."
The sensations were incredible. It was instinct for pregnant Omegas to care for one another when allowed, their intimacy relaxing their bodies and encouraging healthy litters, and the servant could feel it coming more strongly over him as soon as their mouths connected. He teased open John's lips gently with his tongue, encouraging his partner to let him in as their bellies bumped together. The hand that caressed John's huge middle moved to the doctor's belly button and began flicking and toying with it gently, working the deliciously sensitive area with expertise. He moaned as he felt John shiver with pleasure, his free hand sliding beneath the other Omega's lowest curve and pushing his hanging belly up gently in preparation for touching his cock, the action making John look bigger and Sherlock moan in pleasure, encouraging them even more.
John whined breathily, clutching the sheets, the feelings flowing through the bond calming him. "Yeah... Yeah, I'll do it for you," he whispered, trying to arch his back. "Just... Oh god, Sherlock... Yeah, fuck, like that... I need... I need it, knot me, please love, knot me... I want it... Want your fat prick wedged inside me while you flood me with your seed for the last time while I'm still pregnant... Ngh... Yes, oh!" he moaned loudly, his Alpha still fucking him hard and fast. "Knot me, I need to feel it, I need - I need to know you'll never leave me again," he whimpered, his voice tiny and meek and ashamed. He knew, really, that Sherlock would rather die than abandon him, but The Fall... it had left its mark.
At his Alpha's approval John's disappointed whimpers ceased, changing instead to encouraging purrs and mewls. He moaned happily, feeling the fat knot beginning to swell, his body beginning to tighten around his mate in preparation for keeping all of his seed inside the Omega, ready to make him more pups. His breathy cries grew more needy, rising to a higher and higher pitch, the implications obvious;
ngh, yeah... Mmm, so good... R- remember the last heat before you bred me? How I went into preheat at Scotland Yard and you just looked at me and I knew you'd deduced it... I thought about locking us in Lestrade's office and bending over his desk for you," he admitted shyly, looking at the detective for approval, his face contorting with the exquisite agony of being right on the edge. "Oh, Sherlock, I'm gonna come, your big fat Alpha cock is going to make me come..." he all but screamed, rocking frantically on him.
Sherlock placed more babies around his mate, and gathered others in his arms so that by the time he was finished they were both cozy with every one of their sleeping and wriggling babies. The Alpha found himself wishing for a free arm and a camera to capture the moment. He'd been taking pictures at intervals, but when all the babies were mewling for a feed at once, things got a bit difficult. Someday, though, he wanted to carefully lay their pups on top of his mate's body one by one, until John was snug under blanket of their babies, and snap a photo of him like that.
John laughed at the sight, drawing indignant mewls from the pups nursing at his breasts, and he stifled his laughter as he settled them again. Viola was still trying to sit up, her face screwed up in concentration, grunting in displeasure at her failure; she managed to flop onto her side, though, and giggled as it pressed her face to face with Miles. Enora cooed softly and rubbed her cheek against Sherlock's stomach, apparently delighted with her new pillow, while Adam was trying to crawl up his father's chest to nuzzle further into his scent gland. Benedict and Arthur slowed their nursing and finally stopped, and John leaned over to press a careful kiss to Sherlock's forehead. "You look comfy," he purred, "just wait until they're a bit bigger and they can crawl properly. We'll have a hard time keeping them still long enough to have a cuddle pile..."
one, who can do the shopping and keep the place clean while we nest... if we install a buzzer system, with a videophone type thing, we won't need them full time because we'll be able to let people in from the nest. We could combine it with a childcare role, let them help look after the pups, so it'll have to be someone we trust. We should start looking sooner rather than later... I'm almost three weeks pregnant and I won't be able to move much by twenty-two to twenty-four weeks, so we need to get to know them well enough to trust them around the nest by then. A Beta... I don't want another Omega near them," he almost growled, stroking his bump. "Too many cases of attempted baby-poaching by childless Omegas to risk it, with a litter this big. And obviously we can't have an Alpha. Christ... is it really only three weeks since we mated?" he realised, eyes widening. He traced his stretchmarks lightly with his fingertips. "If someone had told me last month that right now I'd be bonded to you and pregnant with over a dozen of your pups, already looking six months gone because you commanded me to swell, I'd never have believed them," he murmured. "Sherlock... do you... how... would we ever have got here? If my heat hadn't come early and forced us together?" he asked softly, carding a hand through his Alpha's hair.
Sherlock's pupils dilated as rapidly as his eyes widened in surprise. He only half-heartedly tried to free his wrists; despite John's softness, the Omega still had an incredible amount of strength, leaving Sherlock happily helpless to succumb to his mate's advances. He groaned, arching as John's entrance began to slick his swollen member with each thrust. "How could I not?" he gasped. The enticing scent of John's microheat surrounded him, pheromones beginning to cloud his rational mind as he inhaled deeply. "Do you- are you sure you want it?" he asked suddenly. "John- do you want more pups right now? Are you
Biting his lip, he failed to suppress a soft whine; he still wanted his Alpha, was still wet and open for him and had slick running down his thighs, but he didn't want his upset to coerce the detective into sex before he felt completely ready.
Sherlock noted in agreement. He picked up another mince pie and brought it to John's lips.
John sensed the change in his Alpha's mood through the bond and nuzzled him, purring to reassure him. He blinked awake, rested by his short nap, and gazed adoringly up at his mate, his eyes bright but somehow vacant. He was simply an Omega, who recognised his Alpha, with no more idea about their names or jobs than a hedgehog could know about defusing a bomb. He smiled at Sherlock, purring quietly as he rubbed his belly, soothing the pups, sighing happily as his rational mind began to slip back through. Eventually he had recovered enough for normal speech. "I think that went well," he smirked cheekily. "It's good we've got such strong pack bonds, that'll come in handy when this lot arrive." He stroked his massive stomach, crooning gently, frowning when he sensed Sherlock's distress. "What's wrong, Sherlock? Tell me, love, please," he murmured, turning to try and face him, wriggling as he tried to get off his cock.
His senses were sharpened with each potential challenger, his drive to prove his claim heightened, reflected in his proud posture and the deep, musky notes of the pheromones he secreted. He still feared his instinct, but his lust and need were greater than his fear, the knowing that his mate wanted this, that his Omega wanted to be dominated primally, whilst they were both lost to their animal minds, easing the Alpha's decision. He gave permission wordlessly through their connection as he squeezed both his mate's breasts this time, intensifying their kiss with a growl as he ground his hips against the Omega's swollen middle.
John purred quietly, leaning a little closer to Sherlock. The admission warmed his heart; the brothers had previously appeared to have such a poor relationship, to hear Sherlock say that he was happy with Mycroft as his pack Alpha - and had no desire to change that - was wonderful. He well remembered the flash of vulnerability that had crossed Mycroft's face after he had thrown his sword at Sherlock's feet and asked the detective to accept him as pack Alpha; although it was tiny, and fleeting, John had seen it, and he knew that in spite of his proud and victorious exterior part of Mycroft had been afraid that Sherlock would reject him.
Soon, the sounds of the front door opening and closing could be heard once again, Remington and Catherine arriving to help prepare more food for the adults. Sherlock blinked, slowly coming out of his reverie. "Would you like to dress, or go downstairs just like this?" he asked the Omega gently when the girls had finished nursing.
you." His eyes fluttered closed at Sherlock's touch on his belly, whining softly as large warm hands roamed possessively over his taut skin. "You - you'll have to help me get undressed," he reminded his mate breathily, "I'm - ahhh - too big to manage - mmm - on my own..." He tugged at the hem of his jumper, trying to wriggle out of it  as he reclined on the bed to allow Sherlock to remove his maternity trousers and pants.
The world for John was reduced to sensations; there was only the starchy cotton against his back, his Alpha above him and inside him, the warm sweat-sticky flesh of the man and the hardness of his enormous cock as it filled him, almost brutal, the snarls and the growls and the kiss-bites, the scent of Alpha rage and possessiveness and the sound of his own breathy screaming as he was fucked so hard it nearly hurt, the blood drawn from his lips barely registering. He moaned lustfully at the Alpha's admission that he would have ended the life of the challenger, agreeing with half-syllables to Sherlock's assertion of ownership. "Ye... you- -ours, Sher- lock," he panted, mewling in relief as Sherlock milked him, loving his strong hands. He spread his legs a little further for his mate, chanting "
Sherlock made a noncommittal noise in his throat, his other hand dropping defeatedly into his pocket. Ever since John had teased him that morning, he'd been trying to sneak a touch to his Omega's breasts - he knew he probably deserved the teasing after the events of the previous day, but he couldn't help but see John's sly playfulness as a challenge, and he wanted to win at this little game. However, his mate had proved a more worthy opponent than he'd expected, smoothly batting his hand away at some moments, or - whether to intentionally thwart him or no - turning to hold onto him at others, making it impossible for Sherlock's fingers to covertly reach their destination. "I don't think it bests anything we saw yesterday," he said, kissing his Omega gently on the cheek. "I agree," John hummed pleasantly, smiling at the kiss. "Shall we see the next one, then?"
Beatrice sighed as she entered the room with several bottles; calming down a hoard of upset grandchildren who wanted nothing but their parents was a task the elderly Omega excelled in, but she rather enjoyed them happy and healthy from the beginning of her watch. Setting aside the tray, she picked up a loudly sobbing Iris. "Now, my sweet," she cooed, rocking the child. "It's not so bad. You get to have a lovely time with Nana and your aunties and uncles instead. Mummy and Daddy will be back, but we'll have fun with your toys and a bath and some treats in the meantime, hmm?"
, made with
Sherlock didn't look, hiding his face in John's swollen breasts since John refused to let him go. Each weak attempt to pull away was met with a firmer, yet still gentle, hold. He continued to sob, his voice heavily muffled by John's chest. His "sorry's" echoed over and over, becoming an apologetic ramble; the Alpha himself barely knew what he was saying, and only bits and pieces were audible to his mate.
"We can," Sherlock rumbled, rutting more firmly between John's legs, swallowing the Omega's protests with another deep, hot kiss. "I want it..," he breathed, nipping insistently at the shell of John's ear. His thumb found the Omega's navel again, swirling over it with insistent pressure, "And unless you tell me 'no' I am going to have you up against the wall with your legs wrapped around my waist and this big, ripe belly of yours rubbing against me, and I'm going to take you until
"We don't have to go now, if it's too much," he murmured aloud, nuzzling John before pulling back just a little and searching the Omega's eyes, "We can take it slowly, work in stages, give you time to adjust..."
Sherlock's dominance hit John like slap in the face and embarrassingly he
"Are you still nauseated? Is your stomach feeling upset?"
Mycroft inclined his head graciously, acknowledging the respect as he accepted the gift - and then he snaked out a hand and grasped Sherlock's wrist, tugging his little brother into his lap and winding an arm around his waist. He nuzzled Sherlock's neck, purring, and peered over his brother's shoulder at the box in his hands. It wasn't large, but it was certainly heavy; he opened it curiously, the pack all watching him with bated breath.
The two Alphas nodded and rose as one when John dismissed them, both very glad their scolding was over. John disappeared towards the nest and the DCI laid a hand on Mycroft's arm to detain him briefly.
John whimpered at the shout, his body instantly obeying the Alpha and refusing to let out another sound. Sherlock's scent had made him rock hard and desperate for something bigger than his fingers, so he crawled over to the nightstand and took out a toy, his hands nearly shaking with lust and need. It wasn't anything near as big as a real Alpha cock, but it was adequate for his needs, and would at least stop his begging moans. He plunged it into himself eagerly and began fucking himself with it, still not making a sound, but knowing his scent would have changed from Omega-in-heat to Omega-in-coitus.
The strawberry was juicy and sweet and the Omega lapped the remaining juice off his mate's fingers eagerly, butting his face into the Alpha's palm in a request to be petted. After some more strawberries he received permission to purr if he felt like it, and his low contented rumble filled the room while Sherlock lifted a savoury amuse bouche (based on tartiflette, John's favourite French dish) to the doctor's mouth.
the look said,
"It was distracting," Sherlock complained with a ghost of the annoyed expression he'd worn that morning. "If I hadn't taken care of it then I would have been utterly useless the whole day." He kissed John softly, a reassurance that his body's betrayal was not just an unpleasant memory. "So, yes," he purred, his voice dropping a register, "I took my big, thick, Alpha cock in my hand and thought of fucking you as you tried to deliver my babies, your enormous belly heaving and contracting as you groaned... It was over far too quickly. I couldn't last thinking of you like that."
He showered his mate in languid, slow kisses as they moved, his eyes hungrily roaming over the Omega's labouring form.
Hi all,
"Oh, love, no more apologies," John soothed softly, cradling Sherlock in his arms, rubbing his back, nuzzling his hair. "I was too angry to try to understand. But I understand now, and I wouldn't have wanted to waste an egg either. It's alright, love." He kissed his mate's hair, pushing more love and forgiveness through their bond. "Never again, I promise," he whispered, gently pushing his mate towards one plump, leaking nipple, encouraging him to latch on. "Let me nurse you, my darling," John murmured tenderly, "there will still be plenty for the pups. Suckle my milk while you take me, let me show you how completely I'm still yours." He began to cant his hips minutely, encouraging his Alpha to move in him again, purring quietly in welcome as Sherlock's cock pushed fully inside him again.
territory, and his Omega was depending on him and praising his every breath; he could not show weakness. "I.. we have a pup like that," he tried, picking up a cake heaped with frosting (Remington's handiwork, especially for John, he thought) and offered it to his mate, his other hand rubbing John's belly approvingly, "Felix. He gets rather upset and worried if he feels we're not giving him enough attention. He's not possessive - just anxious. He needs to be reassured we haven't forgotten about him and love him just as much as the others..."
Sherlock started and looked up; clipboard in hand, he'd been peering curiously at the re-formed pile of weighed, measured, and dressed pups on the bed. "John," he grinned, his eyes shining brighter as he met his mate's gaze. He put his work aside and shuffled closer to his Omega, minding the pups at John's large breasts as he leaned in to kiss his mate and nuzzle at John's scent gland. He shifted and cozied up behind his mate, letting John rest back against him, and watched his children suckle healthily. He inquired about John's health and feelings through the bond, not wanting to frustrate the Omega if he wasn't yet able to communicate with the complexity of sentences.
John purred in agreement, spreading his legs wide to give his mate an unhindered view. He crooned softly to Felix and Viola as they suckled, his milk making them sleepy just as it had with their siblings. They would sleep for hours after this, a defence mechanism built in to allow their parents to re-secure the nest against predators after the long hibernation of labour. As he lay them down with the other ten babies, Blake and Arthur began to stir, coming out of their milk-induced sleep, and John lifted them to his breasts gladly, rocking slightly as he held them, felt their little mouths latch on to his nipples and drink from him. It felt different than when Sherlock did it; it felt good, but not sexual - perhaps very slightly erotic, to feel the pups his mate had filled him with nursing at his teats. He shuffled his pelvis forward slightly, ready for the last baby to work its way out of him, and moaned low in his throat as the pup began to descend. He keened and groaned as he pushed, his belly visibly shrinking as the pup left his womb and entered the birth canal, making his perineum warp and bulge as it grew closer to crowning. John closed his eyes and arched, luxuriating in the feeling of Sherlock's pup sitting heavily in him, ready to be pushed out into its father's hands, and took a deep breath as he pushed again with the next contraction. His hole widened and parted around a head of light hair, stretching around it almost in slow motion, and then the contraction was over and he had to stop. He panted, shallow little breaths, stuck like that with a pup stretching him to his limit, crowning. With the next contraction he grunted and strained, forcing it out a little further; it took another seven pushes, the birth happening almost in slow motion, as if John's body was reluctant to let the pup go.
Over the next few months, Beatrice filled the house with framed photographs of Sherlock and John and their litter; the bright rainbow of the pups in their onesies and accessories stood out well, adding splashes of colour to each room. Photos made their way into the house Beatrice shared with Catherine and Remington; one particularly good photo, of the pups lying in a circle on the bed, their feet all pointing into the centre, each baby cooing and waving its arms up at the camera, even made it into a sleek black frame on Mycroft's desk. Lestrade had a picture on his own desk of himself, fast asleep in an armchair with Adam curled up in the crook of his neck, Blake sleeping contentedly against his chest, Enora cradled beside her brother, Imogen and Felix both dozing against his stomach, taken when the pups were two months old. It never failed to make him smile. Donovan and Anderson had both seen it, and remained silent, but for different reasons; Donovan because she was pleased the DCI had a pack, and was generally in a nicer mood because of the love and warmth the family gave him, Anderson because he feared further reprisal for his attempt to poach Sherlock's Omega now that his boss had been accepted into the man's pack. The slashes Sherlock had left on his cheek had faded into scars, blazing white against his skin, and he had not dared to so much as look in the other Alpha's direction since.
"They won't come early, love. Not this early, anyway, I'm only six weeks along and the pups are at nine weeks growth... I've got another twenty-five weeks at least. Braxton Hicks aren't a sign of labour, my Alpha, they're just... annoying," he grunted, the little contraction passing. "Come on, help me up... can't do it on my own anymore," he smiled playfully, groaning as Sherlock pulled him to his feet. "Now how about that trip to the morgue?" he smiled, pressing his belly closer to Sherlock, letting him scent him to prove he wasn't in labour.
Catherine nudged forward, shyly eager to be included; she felt as if she had the least right to be there, had only been invited because she was Remington's mother, had no claim of blood or friendship to the rest of them, excepting Beatrice. John purred softly and smiled at her, stroking her cheek approvingly as she latched on. The other Omega was actually a year younger than him; Siger had wanted a young second Omega who would have many fertile years ahead of them, and Catherine had only been eighteen when she'd had Remington. She was spared Siger's further attentions from the Alpha's revulsion for Omega males and his unwillingness to sire another. She suckled gently, relaxing against John as his milk nourished her, a promise of family love and protection.
in response to his mate's child-like need. "Oh, such a good boy, that's right love... mmm, you needed a good feed, didn't you? Still need it. No rush, take as much time as you want."
John pursed his lips thoughtfully, choosing some bread and dips before ordering a lamb dish with rice for his main course. He hummed in approval of Sherlock's choice and smiled at the touch on his hand, beginning to purr again. The waitress sashayed away to the kitchen to relay their order, her hips swinging provocatively, and John chuckled as several Alphas in the restaurant turned their heads to follow her progress across the floor. "It's nice, being out for dinner again," he said quietly, "I'd almost forgotten. Are you going to deduce the other customers for me?" he giggled slightly, biting his lip. "Go on... seduce me with your deductive prowess..."
the touch said,
The cab pulled up outside the pool. John's gun tucked carefully into the belt of his trousers, the Alpha hesitated. John should have been safe, he thought insistently. They should have never had to come here again. Once inside, it seemed his every cautious step echoed off the tile walls. The smell of chlorine filled his nostrils as he moved closer and closer to the arena. Finally, he was in front of the door, pushing it open, taking the first few slow steps inside. Everything was exactly as he remembered.
Sherlock confronts his feelings for Victor Trevor
Kissing her temple, he placed her in John's open arms, and huffed happily as he watched her latch onto a breast. The Alpha moved to sit against his Omega's side and observe the feeding. He nuzzled and cooed, praising his mate for producing such a healthy pup and mothering it so well.
John was panting heavily, whining with every exhale, leaning his head back to rest it on Sherlock's shoulder, comforted by the rocking movements. Gradually he calmed, his hitching little sobs from over stimulation and the pain in his stuffed stomach lessening as his Alpha held him. It took a full ten minutes for him to quiet completely, his voice small and weak. "Bath... Please," he croaked, sweaty and leaking where Sherlock's come was beginning to trickle back out of his hole. "Please... Need you to help me. Can't do it on my own, too big to climb in to the bath... God, so full..." he remained boneless on top of his Alpha for a few more minutes, until Sherlock hushed him gently and eased him to his feet, pulling out and leading him by the hand to the bathroom. He sat on the closed lid of the toilet as Sherlock ran a bath, murmuring soothing praises, and leaned on him heavily as he climbed in, sitting in a daze as he waited for Sherlock to wash him, too spaced out to do it himself.
"Kn - knot," John breathed needily, shuffling down the bed as best he could and turning onto his side, his back to his Alpha. "Knot, please, need it, need you, please knot me," he mewled, turning his head to kiss and lick at Sherlock's jaw, needing the security and reassurance just as he had the last time. He purred in approval as his mate yanked the broken tracksuit bottoms down and kicked his legs to help get them off, the scent of his slick suddenly thick in the air. He was already wet and open, ready to be knotted. "Please... need it... please, Alpha, please knot me..." He suckled at Sherlock's scent gland, whimpering.
The knot was all John needed to tip him over the edge and he screamed weakly as he orgasmed, the security and pleasure bringing him further back to his conscious mind, until he was floating just below the surface, dimly aware of what was happening. He sensed his Alpha inside him, powerful and dominating, and purred submissively, lapping at his jaw. He was still asleep, but he could sense his mate's emotions more clearly; he cooed when he sensed annoyance, trying to soothe the Alpha. His scent pushed out more submissive markers, as if to say
(See the end of the chapter for
"If you need a little incentive, however...," the dark-haired Omega drawled as John continued to lash out. There was a metallic
... Hurrying to the front door, he asked the delighted Omegas and Mrs Hudson if they wouldn't mind playing with the pups in the sunroom for a while, until Sherlock and he came to collect them. As they transferred the babies back to the sunroom and took them out of their down-filled winter coats John hurried back to the nest, pausing just outside the door to make sure his dressing gown was strategically placed just covering his nipples, the ties high over his belly to emphasise the little curve. He purred loudly and rounded the doorframe, purring happily as he began to slink towards his mate, eyeing up the bulge under the blankets and licking his lips. Crawling onto the bed he began to rub his face against it, like a cat claiming it;
he done - well, he had stolen from someone-"
John whined and pushed closer to the contact. "I do understand," he said quietly. "It was the bond that made it feel horrible, because I love you and knew I was making you unhappy. I can work here, or somewhere else you approve of. If I get to work you should get to feel like you can protect us, it's only fair." He rested his head on his Alpha's chest, nuzzling, seeking reassurance and approval. "Anyway, be honest. You always hated me going to the clinic even before I was yours and pregnant," he added, a tiny cheeky grin making its way onto his face.
Sherlock carefully disentangled himself from his mate and scooped John up once again. Instead of taking him to the master bedroom, the Alpha walked the short distance into the nursery, where a large mattress was set up in the middle of a circle of colourful cribs. The room had turned out beautifully - the colourful cots stood out well against the creamy colour of the walls, which were stencilled near the floor and ceiling with bees and honeycombs. Bee mobiles hung over each crib, as well. The bed was already covered with a few sheets, though the rest of the nest had yet to be created, and Sherlock lay his mate down gently. The air in the space was purposefully warm, the room's temperature able to be adjusted higher in preparation for the months in which John would no longer be able to fit into any clothing. Sherlock hummed, and carefully began undoing the buttons and zips of John's clothing, his pupils dilating with lust. "We've been so busy, I haven't had the time to bed you nearly as often as I like..."
He reached forward to stroke John's hair, balancing his words with praise so his mate would not grow distressed.
want you to, not because of what I will. I will wait, we will... let some of them go, if you want it, if you want me to breed you during your normal cycle. That is your right, your sovereign right to your own body."
... so sweet..." He closed his eyes to focus on feeling the ripe girth of John's belly as they moved.
Grabbing the small ladle his mother had provided, he carefully lifted the steaming broth to John's mouth, his purring growing deeper as the Omega drank it down.
he purred sensually, wriggling and moaning quietly as Sherlock teased his belly button. He rocked his hips, rubbing himself against Sherlock's leg a little faster, eyelids fluttering at his mate's possessive hand on his bump.
"I'm bloody glad there's not much longer to go," he panted, gingerly climbing down the last step, "I mean don't get me wrong I love being pregnant but close to the end it gets a bit... uncomfortable. Can't even sit with my knees together because of this big belly full of your pups." John hid his smirk from his mate; he knew exactly what he was doing, and it was deliberate. He wanted to rile up Sherlock's Alpha side, knowing that it would be even more intense when they got to the club if the detective's Alpha side was already fighting to emerge.
Beatrice had desperately wanted to take photos of her boys as babies, but Siger would not allow it. Photos of young Sherlock and Mycroft existed, of course, but they were mostly stiff, professional family portraits, only taken so that Siger would have something to show off to guests, if they asked. Beatrice had never been allowed to touch a camera; sometimes she'd longed so much to that she pretended she could - first making sure no one was looking, she would hold up her fingers to make a rough square of rectangle around an object she'd have photographed if she'd had the means, imagined for just a moment that she'd actually taken for the picture. Mycroft had caught her at it one day and deduced everything with ease. She'd cried when he gifted her with a real camera of her own the very next day. The digital technology was quite complicated for the elderly Omega, but in her eagerness and dedication it was not long before she'd learned every feature. The precious device was yet safe at home, but now the Omega considered letting it leave the house for the first time, if she could use it to photograph each and every one of her grandbabies.
But John's words were loving and true, and so he raised his head to meekly pillow it on John's chest when he had finished nursing from one breast, lightly lapping at the nipple of the other while he stroked the vast girth of his mate's belly.
The Alpha began to thrust quickly, finding his rhythm with ease, his enormous girth forcing the Omega's tight passage to stretch with each snap of his hips. He was bent almost fully over his mate, his forearms braced on either side of the Omega's, his fingers twined with John's as he continued to nip and kiss at the Omega's jaw, neck, and shoulders, grunting lightly with thrust.
how this scene would go, and he wanted his Omega sitting away from him, relaxing casually, all the better for him to watch when he began his show. He sent a mental image of what he required through the bond. Ordering a third drink and another generous dose of the aphrodisiac in the bath from the struggling Omega, he smirked.
Sherlock purred quietly at the gratitude, "You're welcome, my Omega. I am glad they please you so well." He continued to hold John loosely while his mate paid him small, submissive attentions, finally releasing John with another gentle kiss to the cheek. "Just a few more gifts," he murmured, reaching for the nearest box. He hid a frown, now certain that out of all the gifts, this might possibly be the most disappointing for his mate. The Alpha paled a little as he offered the gift to his mate realizing that, well, John could just
John liked him acting like an Alpha, liked him being dominating even after all the times it has gone so horribly wrong. It was uncomfortably perplexing.
Despite his Omega's half-hearted protests, Sherlock offered John another pie. With a mischievous smile, he snuck a preview of their evening through the bond: John collared and panting, his leash tied securely to the headboard as Sherlock mounted him with a growl.
"John," Sherlock murmured, his voice deep and tender. He hushed his Omega with an apologetic press of soft lips to the bloodied ones of his lover, suckling away the red stains and laving gently over the wounds to begin the healing process. The wetness of John's tears shone on his own cheeks when he moved back, and he nuzzled his saddened mate, allowing him to sob as he spoke. "You ran to protect our pups. You are perfectly capable of fighting still, but not in this condition - our children are too vulnerable." The Alpha smoothed a hand over the swell of John's belly, "Your body tells you to keep them safe, knows that I will take care of the combat while you remove yourself from harm's way. You still can fight in a pinch- you shoved away Anderson's initial advance very effectively- but what if he had landed a blow to your stomach?" Sherlock shook his head, his eyes reflecting his Omega's distress. "Someday you will fight by my side again, but not now. Can you understand that? It is too risky. You know it is by instinct, though it goes against everything else you are." He hid his face in John's shoulder, his gentle caresses unspoken apologies for everything that had happened, both between them and back at the Yard. "Had I guessed the danger, I never would have deliberately put you in such a situation. I've failed you and our pups by underestimating the risk."
to please his Alpha, he -
something inside me and so help me god I am putting that toy back inside me in five minutes whether you're here or not," he called through the door, having to grip the sheets tightly to stop himself wrenching the door open.
John smiled lazily, pushing his swollen belly further into Sherlock's hand, purring.
... ohhhhh!" The pleasure of Sherlock's dominance and his enormous cock left him incoherent and rapidly pushed him towards his submissive state, wanting to encourage his Alpha to let his instinct run him and take what he wanted.
Sherlock sighed softly, a little more colour reappearing in his eyes as he gave his mate a loving smile. When they'd discussed their evening at Pendleton's, he hadn't fought John's suggestion that the Omega wear something into the club, at least until he dropped into subspace - but the Alpha knew what he wanted, and he knew that with enough praise and coaxing, he could get it.
"Really?
"Yeah?" John breathed, drunk on his Alpha's obvious pleasure at the memory of the encounter. "I couldn't help myself... I felt like I could
he pleaded with all the desperation of a child seeking its mother's understanding and affection. Beatrice had not wanted to distance her children, but under Siger's watchful eye she had been forced to. The Omega would have willingly shown her child every ounce of love he needed, every bit she had for him, had her mate not abusively held her back.
John made an odd sort of mewing noise like an inward sneeze as he came again, the praises and Sherlock's hands on his belly and the kisses making him pulse through another small orgasm, this time a quieter, gentler one. He'd been apprehensive about pleasing his mate, the frustration and displeasure obvious in his Alpha's growling and instructions had made him edgy; like this, though, he was reassured, and huffed out a short purr, unable to respond verbally. He managed to lift one weary hand to his neck and rubbed his collar lightly, humming, as if to say
Sherlock took him immediately. Still deep in his Alpha, he could only think about finishing what he'd begun, fertilizing the last egg his Omega had dropped to complete the new litter he'd put inside him. Even so deeply into instinct, however, he was mindful of his mate's condition; Omega bodies were elastic, but John's hole was still tender, and so the Alpha resisted the urge to fuck his mate too hard. He thrust in steadily, panting, laving over the fresh wounds to John's neck as the heat hormones pulled him under more deeply. He grunted like an animal as he took his mate, his knot already swelling in preparation. It breached the Omega's entrance easily when he was ready, and the Alpha gave a deep rumble of triumph, scenting the change as the final ovum was fertilized and attached.
... oh fuck," he blurted, both from pleasure and terror. "I've got roughly 100 pounds of baby in me...
John took a deep breath. "Adam Gregory, Miles Artemus, Eleanor Sophia, Lucy Elspeth, Iris Victoria, Imogen Ava, Blake Everett, Arthur Amadeus, Alistair Robert, Benedict David, Felix Bennet, Viola Sibyl, Enora Anne, Miranda Rose, Jasper Benjamin, Percival Giles, Hugo Eliot, Charlotte Olivia, George William, Lorna Beatrice, Selena Phoebe, Stewart Linus, and Rupert Gabriel."
oh god, Sherlock, tell me - ah! - tell me how you're going to make me pregnant again," he breathed, tears streaming down his face in sheer pleasure as his Alpha fucked him, reclaiming him.
Eastlake returned the smirk, idly smoothing his thumb repetitively over his Omega's hair as she continued to pleasure him. This was far from the first time he'd enjoyed the delights of Pendleton's; the novelty of having his Omega servicing him in a room full of impeccably dressed Alpha's had long since worn off, so he seemed utterly composed while the younger Alpha became more and more worked up.
. You have made me calm... I'm John again, I was just Omega when we left Scotland Yard," he murmured. "I definitely feel marked, too. Thank you, love. You always know what I need." He kissed his mate sweetly. "Nobody could
John grew. The days progressed more or less the same: John waking and begging to be fucked, eating when he wasn't sleeping or mewling for Sherlock's cock. For a few precious hours, Sherlock would have him sentient, but as the weeks passed and John's belly expanded over the bed, the growing pups began to require all the Omega's spare energy, and their times together grew short.
... So heavy with your pups already... I've gained nearly half a stone in weight... Going to look full term with one baby in just a few weeks... Have to constantly fight the urge to rub my bump in public... Ahhhhh, fuck... Love you, Sherlock, love how you take care of me, put your scent on me... Ohh god!" he cried desperately, so close to coming, but wanting his Alpha's pleasure first - this was an apology, after all.
Sherlock hummed. His eyes had fallen closed as they kissed, but they'd opened with renewed anticipation at the Omega's next words. Both the Alpha's hands moved to the soft swell of his mate's belly, the bump already pressing outwards a little more now, stuffed full with an entire small tier of cake. The Alpha paused for a moment as he caressed it.
," he groaned hotly, spurring on his Alpha.
"Come then, whore," Sherlock rumbled in his ear, arching his back and groaning in delight as he felt John clench hard and undulate around him. "Oh, god, John,
John looked at Sherlock askance. He'd never offered John chairs before, it might give the game away, but luckily Lestrade didn't notice, simply scowling at Sherlock as he reluctantly accepted their presence and dropped back into the seat behind his desk. "Go on then, what is it," Lestrade said wearily, running a hand through his hair in exasperation at the delay to the mountain of paperwork he had to get through. "Well... Sherlock and I have an announcement to make," John began, growing apprehensive. It was one thing to announce he was pregnant... admitting to Lestrade that he was carrying thirteen pups, so many he must have begged for them, and would get so hugely pregnant he couldn't
"Water for my Omega," he ordered, watching John's hands roam the overfull swell of his womb. The candlelight flickered invitingly across the taut, glistening skin, and Sherlock licked his lips. The Beta patiently stood to attention. "A few toys as well, I think. A hands-free vibrator that can only be removed deliberately - I don't want him to have to work to keep it in. And perhaps another hands-free device, similar to an Omegalight, that will vibrate or contract without him having to exert effort fuck it. You can surprise me with a third or a fourth. I enjoy exploring the unknown delights the club has in their inventory." He dismissed the Beta with a flick of his wrist, smirking when the lock snicked shut once more.
In truth, Sherlock hadn't lost his preference for the name "Watson-Holmes" since their first discussion of the issue, but after John's explanation, he found himself unwilling to argue with his mate. "No," he murmured quietly, shaking his head before pressing his cheek to his Omega's chest. He could feel and hear John's heartbeat thumping steadily and closed his eyes for a moment, just listening to the sounds of his Omega's body. "It's perfect," he breathed, "You're perfect."
John sighed in relief as Sherlock latched on, stroking his Alpha's curls. "Mmm, body knows you like my milk... want to make more of it for you," he crooned, arching at Sherlock's thrusts, mewling as his Alpha stroked his cock. After a few minutes the sensations all became too much and John came
he pushed through the bond, outwardly growling his frustration. He pulled himself up until he was kneeling, keeping one hand firmly on John's back, pressing between his mate's shoulder blades to keep the Omega from rising with him.
The Alpha instinctively tilted the pliant Omega's hips upward, cupping John's arse and pulling him closer, rocking into his mate as John's wall clenched around him. He purred in satisfaction as he inhaled and was met with the scent of
, John acknowledged softly,
John mewled in confusion but his disappointment was soon assuaged by the remaining food. He shrugged and continued munching it, rubbing his belly in soothing circles.
Sherlock quietly led John through the silent room of chairs. All around them, men sniffed the air and looked up, attentive to the sex-laced scent of the bonded pair. As they stopped in front of one of the seats, Mycroft Holmes slowly lowered the paper he was reading, his eyes widening as he scented the air and took in the sight of an obviously claimed, obviously well-shagged Omega and proud Alpha. He stood, motioning them to follow him into a private side room. "Well," he finally spoke, walking in a circle around them before coming to stand still, looking down the bridge of his nose at them both, his lip curling with jealousy as he surveyed John's bruises and bites, and the mottled bond mark on the Omega's neck, "Mummy will be pleased."
Sherlock purred as he worked perfumed shampoo through his Omega's damp locks. The water they reclined in was tinted a blushing pink, the label on the sleek bottle Sherlock had chosen from one of the shelves proclaiming the bath oil a potent aphrodisiac for heavily pregnant Omegas.
John shifted a little in Sherlock's lap, distressed by the mention of Sherlock's previous addiction; it would have been so easy for him to have overdosed before he ever met John, and John didn't like to think of Sherlock so alone and broken, using drugs as a distraction. His soft whine and changed scent alerted his mate to the issue and Sherlock changed the subject quickly, joking that he may have to change their seating plan to put Lestrade between Molly and Mycroft because the inspector could handle Mycroft's threats and Molly couldn't. Neither man seemed to mind too much; there was an unspoken respect between them, the inspector knowing (even if Mycroft didn't admit it) that his threats were made out of love for his brother, Mycroft knowing that Lestrade's involvement had been one of the best things to ever happen to Sherlock. They were saved any further comment by the doorbell, a tentative little ring, almost apologetic. "Molly," John supplied helpfully, nudging his Alpha with a look that said
Sherlock nudged John, who made sure Molly caught his look. Molly hushed Greg and Remington, and in a moment the older Omegas had noticed too, pausing their film as Sherlock cleared his throat a little more loudly than necessary.
That was it for John; his resistance crumbled and he tumbled into Sherlock's arms with a needy whine, offering his face up for more kisses as he clutched the Alpha's shoulders. He could never resist it when Sherlock was so
"Metatarsal, phalanges, talus, calcaneus, navicular, cuboid, internal cuneiform, middle cuneiform, external cuneiform," John reeled off, pressing his forehead to his husband's. "My name is Doctor John Hamish Holmes-Watson, I was trained at St Bart's Hospital in London, I got shot in Afghanistan and my
" John whined, spreading his legs a little wider, nuzzling and lapping at his mate's jaw.
"Abby is a gender neutral name," Sherlock corrected softly, "Miles - and Alistair, if you truly don't like Abby." His lips still hovered dangerously over John's cheek; he loved the chance of it - one little brush, and they could have even more. He was sure John could handle another two at most.
!" John came with a loud cry of his Alpha's name, his whole body shaking.
captaincumberbitch (and owlish(slowshows))
"Oh god," Sherlock moaned, at a loss for words as he ran his hands along the curve of John's waist, suckling John's swollen nipples, "Oh god, John... can't wait... you're going to look incredible like that, so big, glistening with your own milk... can't wait..."
" more plaintive and pleading than the last, tears welling in his eyes and threatening to spill over onto his chubby cheeks. He nuzzled closer to his father, rubbing his face into the Alpha's chest where his scent was strongest, unsure why he was so upset but unwilling to allow anything to separate him and his sire.
the scent read, but... He took another breath in and bit back a groan of guilt. The extra note was unmistakable:
in a low voice. By the time they reached their house, John was most decidedly wet.
. He listened as the hosts described the use of urine in canine communication and territorial marking, their scientific explanations lulling him into deeper contentment in John's arms.
John moaned in frustration, battling his body's urge to obey his Alpha.
from birthing - you wouldn't get a lot of friction... and it'd be so
what I like to hear." Steadying John's hips with his hands, he thrust inside with one fluid motion. The Alpha moved slowly, the water resistance keeping him from setting too frenzied a pace; even so, the bathwater began to slosh gently back and forth against the sides of the tub as he fucked his mate. He nipped possessively along John's neck, suckling darker marks over each reddened bite. "You're right," he murmured, breath hot against his mate's skin, "You're mine." He claimed his mate's swollen belly with his touch, laved over John's scent gland to taste the Omega's need.
. He pressed a kiss to John's temple.
John sighed heavily, reverting to the intimacy of their mental connection.
"I love you too," John breathed softly, pulling his Alpha back in for another indulgent kiss. "I love you so, so much and I love that I get to do this for you, that I get to do this
oh, my Alpha... ngh, ah - yesssss..."
"Never," Sherlock agreed, his pupils dilated much wider than the light of the room required. His hands flew to do just as John requested; the Omega was so slick his fingers had little trouble entering him, plunging eagerly into the tight ring of muscle. His strong hand closed around John's cock, tugging and caressing, beginning to work him in time with the hand inside him. It was as if he were under a spell; the more his Omega groaned and gasped in pleasure, the less Sherlock was himself, his arousal and John's cock vulnerable state drawing his instincts to the surface. Mindful of their pups, he worked John thoroughly: stroking, stretching, thrusting. He moaned as he touched him, his breathing heavy and rough, his cock swollen larger than ever as John drew closer to birthing. It was already difficult to hide in his trousers on a normal day; now it would be nearly impossible to disguise. John contracted around the Alpha's fingers, and Sherlock growled in satisfaction. "You're going to be a vision... when that first massive pup starts dropping...," he moaned, nipping John's ear, his huge cock rubbing against the Omega's thigh, "If you think this feels good... you're going to be writhing in pleasure as you whelp..."
The Omega stroked his mate's cheek tenderly, encouraging him to suckle a little more deeply and quickly.
"No," Sherlock snarled, drawing himself up to his full height. "You will not lay a hand on my mate. And when John gives birth to our
"Oh, love, come here," John cooed softly, drawing Sherlock into an embrace, holding him against his chest. "It'll be alright. I'm still in there when I'm in my Omega. I know I adore you, I know you'd do anything for me. Your presence makes me feel safe. I'll come back to you, I'll always come back to you. We'll have a few hours together before the birth. We've still got some time now. Please don't be sad - this will stop me going mad from being trapped on the bed by this enormous belly you've given me. It's not too late to get a skype link set up so you can still consult on cases, stop you going crazy too, I know - I know you'll get bored and I don't want that," he choked out, eyes filling with tears. Sherlock didn't want this, didn't want John stuck in his Omega while he was trapped there looking after him. He hated that his mate was upset because of him, would be bored and frustrated having to do every little thing for him while he grew fat and needy.
, force your huge cock into me, make me take it," he panted, the words like honey to any Alpha, showing the submission of the Omega, praising, asking to be claimed.
John panted as Sherlock spoke, eyes dark with lust, his words and hands building a powerful orgasm. He screamed properly and came in his mate's hand, breathing raggedly. Once he'd returned to his senses, he kissed Sherlock's chest. "Thank you, love, that was... incredible," he smiled. "Will you let me up now?" he asked, shy and submissive. "I really should start looking at houses..."
The young Omega dropped his eyes sadly back to the baby. He really just wanted to be a mother, now that John had shown him it was possible. But apparently that was wrong to want, at least right now. He made a few soft, confused noises as he tried to come up with an acceptable answer, finally, in a small voice, managing something that sound like both "yes" and "no" at once. John said the world was huge and exciting, but Remington didn't know how much excitement he really wanted. He'd seen photos of beautiful places when he dared to sneak glimpses into the large travel book that lay on a coffee table in one of Siger's many drawing rooms. It might be nice to actually go see those places, he supposed - but he didn't want to do it by himself. He bit his lip. He also didn't want to be any of those things John suggested. And University? What would he study? He was apparently very good at maths and chemistry like Sherlock. And even though he felt very stupid most of the time, Mycroft had had to give him several new tutors because he kept besting them all, quietly progressing to levels beyond their skill. The latest woman was an actual professor. He really just liked reading, however. It was nice and quiet and comfortable, and he was never allowed to do it in Siger's house.
John purred and licked his Alpha's cheek affectionately, still clenching around him.
He waited until Sherlock met his eyes before licking his lips very slowly and deliberately; to the other two it looked like nothing more than thoughtfulness, but John knew his own Alpha would know better.
John whimpered happily and clung to Sherlock, pressing his tear-stained face against his mate's skin and inhaling his Alpha scent, grounding himself. He snorted a wet little giggle when Sherlock mentioned that trousers might be difficult. "Don't want trousers," he said mulishly. "Want to be available for your pleasure all the time." When he had calmed sufficiently he drew back, kissing along his Alpha's jaw and throat. "Thank you, love, they're wonderful," he said softly, smiling as he nuzzled him. "So thoughtful."
Beatrice shyly retrieved her gift and nudged it towards her youngest son, boldly reaching out to pet his curls and even daring to give his forehead an affectionate peck before retreating. She had often wished, when her babies were young, that she had been allowed a camera to document their growth, but Siger had insisted on awful, formal pack portraits; instead she had used her talent for drawing to create beautiful portraits of her children, relaxed and casual, reading a book or playing in the garden or sleeping in an armchair. When Mycroft had sent his people to remove her things from Holmes Manor she had ensured they had instructions to rescue the two leather-bound folders hidden behind a bookcase in the study and they had not disappointed. She waited, almost holding her breath, hoping that Sherlock would like the folder of portraits of him she had drawn in secret over the years, every line and smudge and curve showing how much she loved her son, wanted to think of him and capture his childish charm.
"Perfect," breathed Sherlock, his pupils dilating perceptibly. It was all he could do not to press his Omega back on the bed, to give an order and begin taking his pleasure right there - but it was best saved for the club. He took another deep breath. "I love you," he reminded John, kissing him and nipping possessively at his lower lip. "Put your new things on now," the Alpha rumbled, rubbing the elongated globe of the Omega's gravid middle, "We have a reservation to keep."
had never surfaced. He'd heaved a soft sigh when the Omega fell asleep for the night at seven o'clock, draping his long form over his mate's belly and feeling their pups tumbling and rolling gently beneath him.
, John returned,
, he accused without heat,
Sherlock kept his face buried in the softness of John's breast. Between John or anybody, he would always choose John. He had killed Moriarty for him, and knew very well that he would have killed Anderson, too, for trying to poach his mate. The Alpha trembled and snuffled softly, rooting for his mate's nipple until John guided it into his mouth. He gulped down the milk needily, the sensation only adding to the insistent burning in his groin. Sherlock's cock had swollen obscenely large overnight; coming on his mate the day before had helped, but the longer he went without knotting John, the more it grew and thickened, and the moodier the Alpha became. He began to rut slowly against John's thigh as he suckled, undulating his hips, displaying the enormous size of his member to the Omega.
. I can do this, if you want me to. I
John sat up and smiled encouragingly at Sherlock. "Does it sound like a good one, love?" he asked softly, absently stroking his bump, calming the pups who were starting to wake. He knew it had been a while since they'd had a really difficult case, something to test Sherlock, and knew it might be good for the Alpha to have a challenge.
Inspector Lestrade now."
"Perhaps my mother, if she would be willing," Sherlock replied, pressing the distraction of the latter questions. He dipped his head to draw John into a soft kiss, "You're right, it would be difficult to stand an outsider, but if you knew them well, and we introduced them now, I might find myself willing. I will be entirely in my Alpha, however, so if you wished for a midwife, one of our own pack who has borne pups of their own would be preferable. They would communicate with you instinctually, perhaps help you relax a little bit more as the births happen, and I would have a second set of hands should I prove to need them. I would not mind their presence. However, I would equally have just us alone - Alphas and Omegas have handled births in such a way since the earliest times, and I believe all will go smoothly. It would be an incredible thing simply to have both of us alone." He continued to rub John's belly and brought a hand up to lightly squeeze one full breast, sending milk flowing plentifully from the dusky nipple.
. The Omega mewled, spreading his legs wide as he scented his mate; one hand drifted to his belly, rubbing over the slight pudginess of his baby weight, the other caressing a large breast, needing to feel touch on his skin. He hummed and moaned as he grew wetter yet, completely wanton, mindlessly begging to be knotted.
Sherlock looked up and smiled at his love from underneath the pile of their babies. Lucy, placed next to his head, tugged curiously at his curls, her eyes wide with wonder and delight. Blake was also exploring the softness of his sire's dark hair, rather uncoordinatedly trying to pet it by repeatedly hitting his small hand against it, the Omega pup's expression every bit as focused and determined as his father's when he was on a case. Pups were cozied up to Sherlock's side, draped over his legs, nestled in the curve between his neck and shoulder. He chuckled when he felt a tiny pink tongue begin to lap interestedly at his elbow, Alistair apparently trying to scent his father though the taste.
"Alright, just one more," the doctor promised. "On a scale of one to ten, with ten being very painful and one being no pain at all, how much does your head hurt when you concentrate?"
Sherlock yanked the leash gently forward, making the Omega choke a little on his enormous cock.
Sherlock scratched behind the Omega's ears as if he were a kitten, smiling and kissing John lightly.
Sherlock huffed and grunted, slowing his pace just a fraction, keeping John on the edge for just a little while longer. The Alpha could feel his own orgasm building, threatening to overwhelm him with each moan, each word, each breathy pant he drew from his mate. "Are you
hide it, even when you're not hard, there's always a slightly visible bulge... you'll get bigger when this litter is born..." He patted his belly, satisfied. "And you'll get bigger
"Benedict David," Sherlock said, handing Mycroft the pup who looked for all the world like a baby version of his uncle. The pack Alpha smiled at the auburn ringlets peeking out from underneath the blue cap. "My, another Alpha," he praised. "You are quite virile, brother mine." Sherlock blushed and nodded as Mycroft purred, bowing his head to show his acceptance of the compliment. The pack Alpha was pleased; the number of Alphas Sherlock had produced was only an indicator of his potency - regardless of the numbers of Alphas and Omegas he'd produced, Sherlock was showing off thirteen healthy pups and integrating them into the pack, and John's newest pregnancy only meant more on the way. It was truly incredible. He couldn't imagine how the pack would look when this litter had grown and began having pups of their own.
Sherlock groaned as John began to almost fuck himself on his cock, and began thrusting slowly in and out, leaning in to pepper the Omega's shoulders with gentle, sensual kisses. "Mine. My Omega," he echoed back, his voice at its lowest register. His hands began to rub eagerly over John's stomach; he wasn't sure, but he felt as if he could feel a small swell already, the Omega's body beginning to grow with his many children.
The room erupted with cheers, whistles and applause as the couple emerged, identical beaming smiles on their faces. Sherlock wheeled John over to the table with the cake on it, a large four-tier hexagonal design, simple, with a cascade of flowers down one side like Sherlock had suggested. John had to sit side on to the table and twist a little awkwardly to be able to grasp the knife, but Sherlock's hand on top of his own, guiding and steadying, made the job easier. He brushed Sherlock's long fingers with his thumb tenderly just as they sank the tip of the blade into the bottom tier and cut the cake, the photographer snapping away to capture the moment, before Sherlock stole another kiss from his new wife and wheeled him across to their little table. John looked up at him, smiling, reaching out for his hand and giving it an encouraging squeeze. He knew Sherlock had been dreading this moment, the speech he'd have to make; the father of the bride was conspicuous in his absence, but John had been adamant that his parents not be invited, and they had agreed the traditional best man's speech would also be dispensed with, given that the embarrassing stories about Sherlock consisted of either drugs or dead bodies. The Omega mewled softly, demanding attention from his mate, and pushed reassuring love towards him through the bond.
as he moaned in want and grinned widely at his mate, rubbing more firmly against him before drawing back, settling in an impatient heap on the bed before scrambling aside, ready to climb into Sherlock's lap. The detective sat up against the headboard, holding a large plate with several generous slices on it, and John purred, a seductive smile painting his face as he crawled forward and began to lap at his mate's cock.
, he purred, gazing into his Alpha's eyes with a blazing, passionate look as he whimpered into the kiss, pushing his feelings through the bond; there was only them, here and now, in this moment, and for John, the rest of the world had melted away. There was only Sherlock on top of him, touching him, kissing him, and all he knew was that he wanted to keep him close, never wanted their kiss to stop.
"This one," John said shyly, indicating a very large Victorian townhouse in yellow brick sandstone with a blue-grey roof, one of the choices with eight bedrooms. "The garden isn't very big, but it's so close to Hampstead Heath it wouldn't matter, we'd have the whole park practically on our doorstep. And the attic has already been converted into one large room so we could use that as the nursery since it's right upstairs from the master suite. What have you found so far?" he asked, happily pushing closer to Sherlock, hoping for more affectionate kisses.
John simply purred loudly and moved Sherlock's hand to the bottom of his bump, where the pup that had moved was still wriggling. It felt like a little butterfly flapping its wings inside his belly, and although the babies were closer to the surface than usual because there were so many of them, he wasn't sure Sherlock could feel it, although he hoped he could. "One of the pups is moving," he murmured proudly, just in case. Sherlock's mouth fell open a little bit his mate explained what he was feeling. The Alpha's fingers traced the spot carefully but eagerly, trying to sense the movement even though he knew the pups were so early in development that only John could really feel them; perhaps it was his imagination and desire working, but he almost thought he could feel the smallest of flutters underneath his fingertips. Sherlock broke in a smile nonetheless, humming proudly and pressing a kiss to the swollen mound.
"Tell me," the Alpha asked softly as the pups began to settle, "How does it feel to be stuffed so full of my offspring, your womb so swollen and distended with my brood? How does it feel to be so ripe and heavy, your breasts only growing larger than the last time as this new litter develops inside you?" He slid sensually up John's body, his hands now encouraging John's jumper up further, tugging at the front clasp of the nursing bra until it gave way and the fabric pinged back to reveal two enormous breasts. "You're mine," he asserted softly, claiming the half-dressed Omega's lips, "Everything about you is mine."
John ate eagerly, giving himself over completely to the Omega part of himself, rubbing his belly proudly as Sherlock fed him, murmuring smug nonsense about how the babies wanted more, wanted to get bigger, ready to grow to please his Alpha. He began to feel full about three-quarters of the way through his portion but obediently let Sherlock feed him all of it, knowing the babies would need as much fuel to grow as possible. When he'd finally finished eating, he groaned and rubbed his belly again. "So full... where do you want to do this? In bed?" he asked softly, knowing that in all probability seeing him grow out an extra three or four inches all in one go would make Sherlock incredibly horny.
John panted and keened breathily. "Ahh... Sher- Sherlock...
" he purred, making it sound like the most erotic thing on earth. "You did your duty as a mate, as a
he began tentatively through the bond,
John offered him a quiet purr and a tiny smile, rubbing his bump. "Babies are riled up," he murmured. "Need Daddy's touch." When Sherlock approached, still hesitant, he pulled the hem of the shirt up to sit at the top of his belly, exposing his rounded swell for his Alpha's touch. He pulled the blanket over both of them and closed his eyes as his mate stroked and massaged his swollen middle, calming the pups. "Daddy always takes care of us," John purred happily to the pups, rubbing his belly with his mate. "So warm in the blanket Daddy bought us, nice and cosy in the pyjamas he fetched for me. Daddy's such a good Alpha, loves us more than anything in the world. Yes, that's better, isn't it? You're always calmer when Daddy's stroking us." He rested his head on Sherlock's shoulder, warm and happy. He licked his cheek affectionately just as the oven bleeped.
radiated strongly from the Alpha. Thirteen perfect, healthy pups. He'd bred his mate, filled him full of his pups, watched John grow and swell and birth like he was made to, and now they were parents - father and mother to a litter of a truly incredible size. Sherlock nuzzled John's neck and cheek happily as he watched them all, showering his Omega with affections.
"Hurts," Sherlock answered sadly, latching off with a frown and clinging tighter to John. "But not more than before. Only when I... concentrate," he finished, the large word harder to form.
..." John babbled, growing more and more incoherent as Sherlock took him, his eyes beginning to glaze over in lust. He could feel the pull of his Omega wanting to take over his conscious mind, but he pushed it back; he wanted to be fully present when Sherlock bred him his time.
It was just as Doctor Anderson had predicted; a sleeping Omega was always pliant and submissive, even encouraging when their mate was inside them.
The DI looked to the detective, waiting for permission, questioning. It was almost unheard of for a non-pack member to be allowed into a nest, let alone an unbonded Alpha, but John trusted him, and he hoped Sherlock could too, especially after their entry to the house when Sherlock had thought he was trying to stop him getting to his mate.
"She's done an excellent job of it too," Oliver added generously. "I was only seventeen at the time, but I haven't felt the need to break away to start my own pack like my eldest brother did. He challenged Susan first, but he got his arse handed to him on a plate - pardon my French." John grinned.
"They seemed like effective measures at the time," Mycroft managed, suddenly very interested in the drink in his hand instead of the mirthful gazes of the others. Sherlock snorted, "I'm not exactly sure what you expected of poor Lestrade. I believe I was already well past the point of 'out of control' at the time." When Sherlock first began to interest himself with New Scotland Yard, he'd shown up to nearly every crime high as a kite; it hadn't taken but a minute for the DI to call him out on his seemingly boundless energy, his unmistakably dilated pupils, the dark circles under his eyes from days gone without sleep. Their first encounter had nearly ended in disaster; in a fit of anger, the other Alpha had caught Sherlock by the arm and forcibly yanked up his sleeve, exposing the tell-tale track marks littering the thinner man's arm. And then Sherlock had started spouting off deductions left and right, so good that the other Alpha couldn't help but give him his attention. The relationship between the two men had certainly never been smooth, but Lestrade had concerned himself as an almost paternal figure in Sherlock's life after that, and the consulting detective was by no means surprised that Mycroft had paid him a visit.
This is just a short note from us. Thirteen pups can be a bit hard to keep track of, so we thought we'd give you their descriptions for reference as you read, to help you imagine them more clearly, and for those of you who who might be interested in doing fan art for the story.
John squeezed back reassuringly, and looked over his shoulder for the two security guards. He whistled and jerked his head in the direction of the prams, and in seconds the two huge men were standing by them.
"This is what I love about you, John," the Alpha murmured, "So submissive for me and yet so strong-willed. Your independence is part of what makes you so incredible, not boringly obedient like other Omegas, makes my claiming you all the sweeter." He began to thrust faster inside his partner, nuzzling his mate's cheek, his hands closing over John's as the Omega rubbed his belly. "Maybe I should just keep you here and fuck you as you swell, have my cock in you all the time unless I take you out to show off your fertility to others, show how I filled you with so many of my children, how I made thirteen eggs drop inside you and fertilized them all."
At John's breasts, Sherlock twined his fingers with his brother's, squeezing his hand as his eyes slipped shut, as if to reassure himself he was still there.
tear you apart." He sent a fresh wave of naked terror through the bond, praying his Alpha was nearly back at the house, his heartbeat elevated with adrenaline.
, he praised softly, kissing his Alpha desperately,
"On your side," Mycroft growled, too far gone for niceties. In one fluid movement he rose and surged onto the bed behind his Omega, spooning up behind her. He yanked his zip down and pulled out his pulsing erection, flexing his hips to press the head of his cock to her velvet wet core. "Do you feel that, my darling?" he growled, "can you feel what you do to me?" Without waiting for a response, he began to ease himself inside his Omega, taking it slowly so that she would feel every inch of him. He propped himself up on one elbow, and used his other arm to hitch Persephone's leg up a little further; in this position he could help her keep her leg raised and splay his hand possessively across his mate's full belly. "Mine," he rumbled as instinct began to suck him under. "My pups. My mate." Persephone cried out breathily at being impaled on her Alpha's enormous cock, the girth of it making her feel deliciously trapped. "Y-yes Myc,"she stuttered, beginning to lose herself as well when Mycroft began to thrust.
John smiled and bit his lip. "Fantastic... Tell me how you knew all of that," he breathed, his eyes a little darker, his mouth hanging open just a little as he leaned fractionally closer to his Alpha.  As Sherlock explained he felt himself grow just a little hot under the collar, blood rushing to his groin and nipples as his mate's prowess made him feel even more drawn to him than usual and he was only prevented from slinking around the table to writhe in his lap by the arrival of their food. He settled instead for picking up a large forkful of food and locking eyes with his mate as he closed his lips around it, humming in pleasure and drawing the fork out slowly, making sure to lick his lips clean. He kept his eyes fixed on Sherlock as he chewed and swallowed, tilting his head back a little to allow his mate to see his Adam's apple bob. "Mmm... tastes so good," he murmured flirtatiously, diving back in for another bite.
"Yeah, sounds great," she replied brightly, blushing a little when Greg sensed one of their triplets moving and smoothed a hand over the gentle swell of her belly to soothe it.
"My," Sherlock choked, his eyes wide and shining with fresh tears, "My..." Not leaving his mother's reassuring arms, he reached out for his brother. Mycroft had always seemed larger than life to him; in Sherlock's mind his big brother was a superhero who could do anything. He hadn't been able to understand before, but he did now. Seeing Mycroft like this - he was just a person who'd been doing all he could to make things right. The now-pack leader put himself through terrible guilt, pain, and sacrifice in the hope of restoring their family, and the fact that his big brother could suffer so immensely had hardly crossed Sherlock's mind. Hearing the confession, he forgave Mycroft completely. "I.. didn't know.... My..."
the idea of being constantly swollen with your babies so everyone will know what a strong, fertile Alpha you are," he breathed into his ear, kissing it. "We should... We should go shopping. With this many babies in me, I'll start to show in about three weeks... We'll need lotion... And I'll develop breasts as well, full of milk to feed your babies... I'll need multivitamins," he mused happily.
Soon he could hear the DI's feet pounding back down the hallway. There was a light
. He couldn't help but fawn over his mate, one hand drifting to his belly to rub the little swell. Breath hitching, he drew back a little, unable to tear his gaze from his mate's, waiting impatiently for his reward, pushing as much emotion through the bond as he could muster.
John felt the urgency of the distress call and gasped out loud, dropping the box of Darjeeling teabags he was debating. He stared unseeing as he concentrated on pushing as much love as he could through their bond, stroking his belly where their pups were wriggling to strengthen the feeling, thinking about seeing them move on the scanner and hearing their heartbeats, how protective Sherlock had been of him when Anderson had tried to take him. He thought of the nest they'd built afterwards, how well Sherlock had knotted him, and pushed that feeling to his mate; security, love, becoming one, two halves of a whole. He had no time to wonder why Sherlock needed it, he sent no questions through their bond; he simply responded with everything his Alpha asked him for.
he commanded,
John moaned, an obscene sound of lustful want, and slumped a little against his mate, his knees beginning to give out.
