“You look great, Johnny!” Jim says happily. He appears slightly lanky in his own matching pair of shorts, but it suited him. Sebastian, in contrast, looks overly muscled. I thank every power that I still have my tan from living in Afghanistan. I look at Victor who looks fantastic in the stupid shorts, naturally, and I sigh looking down at myself once more.
Sherlock turned on his heel, leaving the medical tent as fast as he could. Mortals rarely saw Sherlock, especially if he didn’t want them to see him. But this man, Doctor Watson, had not only seen him, but stolen a soul right out of his very grasp.
A few pictures later, and the three of us are piled in a car on the way to my new school, St. Bart’s Prep. It’s only a few blocks away, but my parents insist upon bringing me there themselves.
“Go on,” Mummy shooed Sherlock, her face practically glowing. “Go make that boyfriend of yours happy. We don’t want to drive him away!”
The handcuffs are loosened from Sherlock's wrist, which finally loosens the knot in my chest. DI Lestrade looks as if he knows that I'm lying, but with a confession, he has no choice but to arrest me.
John looked over at Sherlock, who looked like he desperately needed some time away from his family, and nodded.
“Never mind. The question now is about hæmoglobin.” Sherlock redirected the conversation, wanting to boast about his discovery. “No doubt you see the significance of this discovery of mine?"
“How are you?” Sherlock said, pulling his hand away quickly after the handshake. While the gloves he was wearing wouldn’t immediately alert the human to how cold he was, prolonged contact would prove to be ill-advised. “You have been in Afghanistan, I perceive.”
I try my best to smile as the camera flashes. My mum is clinging onto my arm, crying into the new jumper she bought me for school.
“Your hair colour holds no importance with me.” Sherlock waved off Watson’s inquiry. “I’ve already learned of your intelligence. Now, will you help me or not?”
“Hello, is someone out here?” A voice calls, and Sherlock looks around, trying to find the source of the gibberish. There is a small house about a quarter of a macton away, and a small blond creature was coming towards his pod-ship.
“That would be marvellous.” Sherlock said, “Are you sure it wouldn’t be too much excitement for you?”
Sherlock sighed dramatically, stuffing his hands into his brand new Belstaff coat. "If you expect me to explain everything, you'll never get anywhere. Now leave."
“Not even close.” Sherlock said, blinking so the darkness in his eyes vanished back into the pale blue that John had already become familiar with. “Nearly the opposite of Christ, actually.”
“Are you offering me a job?” John asked, clearly amused. “I didn’t think you could date someone you worked with.”
After what felt like ages, "Witte, Oliver" was sorted into Ravenclaw, and the feast began. Perhaps it was the large quantities of food that had Sherlock chatting amicably with his neighbours, but when he fell into his blue four-poster bed that night, he knew that it had been one of the best days of his life.
"I visited you nearly every day, in Afghanistan," Sherlock blurted out quickly, trying to find the words to explain himself. "After you healed Bill Murray."
"Of course!" Tom replied. "I bet Sherlock that if my date went well, he would have to go on one. A date, that is."
One of the cops came over. She was black with dark, curly hair, and she looked like she meant business. Mary liked the look of her instantly.
"Your reaction to the man that suggested you weren't mentally competent," Sherlock replied, a small smirk on his face. "The brief flash of disbelieved outrage told me all I needed to know."
"We need to meet him," Victor says at once. "Have a party at your house this weekend, and invite him. As your best friends, we'll decide if he's good for you or not."
Anger worse than Sheol had ever seen passed over Cain’s face, and before Sheol could stop him, Cain had picked up a rock, throwing it as hard as he could at his brother.
“Yes, fine.” John said, pretending that he wasn’t looking forward to this outing. Escape was out of the question, of course, but fresh air would do him good.
It only took me eight and a half minutes to get to Greg’s house, though it helps that I was walking faster than normal, and I cut through a few yards. I was met with instant sympathy, and I hated every second of it.
EDIT 10/14: Bless you all so much. I had such a terrible weekend, and I lacked internet, so I was totally convinced that everyone hated this story. Your comments turned my entire weekend around, and I thank you so much. This story WILL be continued. I'm plotting out the story right now (as I write my next ficlet.)
as a form of self-defence, not humans." Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Your stupidity is astounding today."
Mummy hummed in agreement, handing over her mobile and keys. Father was a bit more reluctant, but soon Sherlock is holding three sets of keys and phones, his own included.
The glass began to crack under the assault, shattering the glass on his fourth or fifth hit. The water poured in, knocking Sherlock backwards into the other door. A pair of strong arms encircled him, pulling him out of the car.
“Is that any way to speak to your mother, Sherlock?” The feminine voice of Violet Holmes asked, causing any lingering tendrils of unconsciousness to promptly vanish.
Of course, when Victor broke into a dive, the Ravenclaws quickly remembered where their loyalties lay. They screamed as his fingers closed around the snitch, winning the game by only ten points.
Ghosts: Can’t live with them, can’t get them to leave. Unfortunately, John couldn’t even get himself to
The cab ride back to 221b was uneventful, and John couldn't help but become introspective, musing over the last few hours as he fiddled with his surprisingly comfortable collar. It was hard to believe that he had only met Sherlock Holmes around twenty four hours ago. The dragon certainly seemed to be living an exciting life, and if John was being honest with himself, he might have admitted he was enjoying it immensely.
With a sigh, Sherlock opened his mouth to expose his fangs. He heard the sharp intake of breath from Watson, and he closed his mouth once more.
The bell to Higbies Coffee Shop jingled merrily as two police officers and Mary Morstan entered, cold wind causing menus and loose napkins to flutter.
“You thought I was paid?” John asked, and Sherlock looked up at him. His face was unreadable; at least, what little he could see of it. The officer, who’s name according to her badge was Donovan, was doing her best to keep him out of Sherlock’s view. “Why?”
“In a manner of speaking.” Sherlock said. “I need you to pretend to be Victor for Christmas. It’ll hardly be a difficult endeavour for you to spend Christmas with me as it is. An ex-army doctor that can barely afford to live in London must not have much family around.”
John smiled at him, and Sherlock could see that he had no idea what ‘hospitable’ meant, but he found that he didn’t even care very much.
“I don’t see why any of this concerns Father.” Sherlock replied. “I did not take John Watson, I did not force him to come with me. I explained to him the facts, and he left with me willingly.”
“We’re stopping here for petrol?” The blond asked warily. “It looks like the set of a horror movie.”
John ran a hand over his face before jumping into bed with his clothes still on. He was unsurprised to find the book that had fallen to the floor completely gone. Ghost books, while ridiculous, were not uncommon. “I’ll find your unfinished business. I always do.”
The police dragons, who had all been chatting amongst themselves, whipped around at John’s name, their eyes wide.
John started to slowly circle the pitch, Sherlock trailing close behind him. They did a few laps, and Sherlock started to feel at ease, his movements becoming more smooth and sure.  When John picked up speed, Sherlock managed to keep pace, only wobbling a little bit here and there.
Sherlock couldn’t stop his smile as John finished reading, looking ever so proud of himself. He had done a good job reading the story as well, not that he would ever admit it out loud. His family began to clap, and Sherlock joined in, unable to hold back a chuckle as John took a bow just like the one he had done after putting the angel on top of the tree.
“Not your fault.” John chuckled. “Some ghosts didn’t want to move on, and got a bit physical when I made them. Hopefully I can keep myself off their radar here. No ghost hunting for me.”
"He called me amazing, Molly," Sherlock said. "I told him his life story, and he called me amazing."
"You're thinking loudly again," Sherlock's voice broke through John's thoughts. It wasn’t unkind, just matter-of-fact. "What's on your mind?"
John’s jaw dropped slightly when the ‘doctor’ said his name, then he shook himself, smiling ruefully at his forgetfulness. Of course the ‘doctor’ would know his name.
“Oh…Um, I’m John Watson.” I say quickly, turning back to Victor. “I just moved here a few weeks ago from Afghanistan.”
“You look more pleased with yourself than usual.” Sherlock commented drily when he stumbled upon Mycroft sitting in his chair, forgoing the usual complaint of having Mycroft in his flat. “Something to do with the terrorists, I presume?”
He was born in an earlier time. A time of talking snakes and cursed apples, a time when his name wasn't Sherlock, but Sheol...
“Jeremiah Hudson.” A guard, Maxwell Johnson, says. His last and final greeting. Hudson sits up and smirks at Johnson.
John blinks at Sherlock a few times in surprise before bursting out into laughter. "Oh, you absolute madman."
“Yes.” Sherlock replied, pouring coffee beans into the espresso machine. “He’ll fit right in with them. Big businessman such as himself? Mycroft will love him, and don’t even mention my parents.”
“Oh, he’s up in Yorkshire with his family.” She said to Sargent Donovan, who was exceptionally nice. The blonde lady in the red coat was a bit rude, but Molly could hardly blame her; she
As it was, the most exciting of crimes happened to be between Sherlock’s flat, and the bank that was his intended destination. He had been walking along when a barrier of yellow police tape blocked his path. And really, could he be blamed for stopping to point out what the cops had gotten wrong?
"I've dealt with angry ghosts before," John shrugged, sliding out of bed and stretching. "One tried to push me out a window once. I'll be fine."
“Who the hell are you, and why are you here?” John finally hissed, glaring at the ghost who was haunting his room.
"Sherlock is the angel of death, but without life, there is no death, and without death, we never truly learn to live," The Shining One placed a hand on John, who began to glow a pure light. "So, my child, you shall balance out death, with life."
“This is why I keep you around. You’re cute, sweet, and mildly intelligent. Anyway, best be off. Sherlock and I have a little pre-lunch snogging to catch up on. Ciao!”
“Sherlock!” Violet Holmes voice floated towards him, and he turned to his mother, a small smile on his face. “Oh, it’s so good to see you! You’re late, you know. Where’s Victor?”
However, Christmas time brought all sorts of new prospects, and I had a brilliant idea involving the student senate’s current fundraiser. After all, who didn’t like getting candy canes?
“Yes, well, you’re stuck here until Christmas.” Sherlock sighed. “You might as well enjoy yourself.”
The pale man smirked, standing up in what John assumed was an intimidating gesture. "I am known as Sherlock, and I am here about your sister."
Sherlock blinked at him in confusion, searching John's face to detect lies. When none was obvious, he settled back into his seat, as if to process John's words. John watched him with faint amusement, glad to have rendered Sherlock speechless, if only for a moment.
“He’s never taken a pet before.” The dragon hissed with interest. “And a terrorist as well, how sweet.”
“Oh, Victor!” Violet called as soon as she saw them. “You’re just in time! We need someone to put the angel at the top of the tree.”
John removed his arm from around Jim, watching as he walked away. As Jim past Sherlock, he shifted slightly, as if avoiding the touch of the ghost.
“It’s good to see you two being so polite.” Siger said, and John looked back at him questioningly. Siger, it seemed, was being completely serious. “I was worried we would have another flour-bomb fiasco like two years ago.”
Sherlock looked over at John for the first time since he had entered the library. "You...you have a crush on me?"
The next day the Emperor and his men planned to make their way to Rome, waiting to ensure his rule on the grand city. But for now he stays in the small town of Civita Castellana, waiting for his love to come to him.
Keeping one eye on John, Sherlock made his way around the crowd, listening to the discussions as he went. Most people found John to be a marvel, discussing him with open admiration. Some people were scared, convinced he would hurt them. A few people near the front tittered about how attractive John was, and Sherlock couldn't stop himself from shooting them a glare.
"Are you alright?" A deep voiced behind John asked, and he turned to look at Sherlock, who was still sprawled across the floor.
“Just because you didn’t see me doesn’t mean I didn’t come,” Sherlock said, looking up at the taller boy. Sherlock had grown quite a bit in the months that he had been tutoring John, and now he was only a few inches shorter than the older boy.
“So, planning on drugging me again?” John asked as soon as he saw Sherlock, heading down the stairs. There was a door behind the dragon that was open, and John got a quick glimpse into a sitting room with busy wallpaper and a skull on the mantelpiece before Sherlock lead him down another flight of stairs.
"This isn't one of my brother's agents, is it?" It wasn't a question, not really, but he felt so foolish for hoping.
“Mine too.” I reply with a smile. “’Happy Christmas John. Your best friend, Victor Trevor.’ How sweet of him.”
“A colleague?” Watson repeated dumbly, looking shocked. Sherlock sighed slightly, tugging at the chains to encourage him to walk.
Sherlock chuckles, tugging at the pirate greatcoat as if showing it off. “Your costume is better. I always like a good vampire story.”
With a final press of his hand, Sherlock collected the last of the souls, preparing to move on to his next destination when he feels a gentle tugging, holding him back.
John, instead of answering, pulled a velvet box out of his jeans, kneeling in front of a now gaping Sherlock.
"Yes," Sherlock confirmed. "I got...I was flustered, and he didn't seem to find me all that odd looking, so I..."
“Ship?” John laughed. “This isn’t a ship. This is a…I don’t bloody know what it is, but I certainly don’t feel waves or…or whatever.”
“We don’t think that’s what happened.” Lestrade said. He dug into his pocket, pulling out a photograph of a man who appeared to be thirty or so. “Do you recognise this man?”
"Yeah, you are." John confirmed, feeling miserable. He had only gotten to have a handful of conversations with Sherlock, and now he would never want to speak to John again.
“Could I borrow it?” John asked eagerly. “I have people to call…wish them a happy Christmas and all that.”
“The glow.” The angel looked impatient. “That was the soul trying to leave the body. It can never leave fully without your help.”
"London," Sherlock said, listing the first city he could think of. "I'm pretty average looking...I have one of those faces."
“John Watson is a blond.” Mycroft said. “He received formal doctoral training by obtaining illegal hair dyes and masquerading as a red-head.”
“This one.” Sherlock said aloud, continuing to stare at the human whose brow was now furrowing in confusion. “I want this one.”
I’m cut off with another kiss, this one far tenderer than the last. When Sherlock backs off this time, he’s smiling brilliantly.
"It can't wait, Sherlock," Lestrade sighed. "There's a man dead in the London Aquarium. We need you now."
“Where did Sherlock get all those feathers from?” John asked, wiping the tears of mirth from his eyes.
Sherlock gives me a half smile before replying. “Your tan. It’s dark, but it stops at the wrist. You weren’t on vacation. Your bag, which is a military standard, has a name on it: ‘Harry’. That isn’t your name, unlikely your fathers judging by the writing style. So, elder brother. The way you walk also suggests youngest child, but you have a confidence about you that hints at only child. Therefore, your brother just moved away, likely to Uni. As for your ambitions, it’s clear in the way you sit. It’s influenced by the military. You had positive experiences. The medical doctor was a shot in the dark, but a good one. All your extracurricular classes point towards an interest in medicine.”
“Don’t worry, he’s just having a tantrum.” Mycroft said, sounding almost bored. John could see that he was worried about his brother from the tightness in his eyes. “It will pass.”
"Nope, I'm gonna stop you right there," John cut him off. "I'm no genius, but I'm still pretty damn smart. And I don't copy off friend's homework anyway."
Sherlock made a beeline for a window, pressing against it as the ship took off. John waved, and Sherlock waved back, trying not to cry. He would see John soon, he just knew he would.
"No?" Sherlock looked amused. "You're an ex-soldier, and not just a soldier, but a doctor too. You're not close to your family, but you'd do anything for them."
'John Watson is Bi' was painted in proud black, the letters larger than life as it covered the entire expanse of The Wall. When John was certain enough people had seen the message, he gave them a cheeky wave and disappeared, glad that he had a summer between him and his next classes.
The game came to an end, though it took Sherlock several minutes to realise it. Judging by the smiles on John and his rugby team, they won.
"Thank you, mummy." Sherlock stepped away from her ministrations, giving his father a quick hug before lugging his trunk into the Hogwarts Express.
John glared at Donovan, sidling up to Sherlock’s side. The body lying next to them was that of a human slave. The body was heavily bruised, and it was obvious that some bruises were fresher than others.
Sheol nodded, unable to decipher what The Shining One was talking about. Take life? Remove it from the body? He smiles at The Shining One, biding him goodbye as he leaves the world of green.
Our plans started the day after the Halloween party. Victor had been complaining all week that his hair was looking less shiny than normal, something we all worked to vehemently deny at every opportunity. It worked to Greg, Mike and I’s advantage, however. Grabbing an empty container from my house, we filled it with foot crème. The packaging was written in Farsi, which was easy enough to play off. I brought the container to school the next day, and I was immediately cornered by Jim Moriarty.
“Amazing” The word made Sherlock freeze in place, and he stared at John for a full seven seconds before it fully registered in his mind.
“Oh Sherlock.” The elder dragon said, his voice singsonging mockingly. “I do believe you’re forgetting something.”
"Don't worry, you won't see me for much longer," Sebastian said, a look crossing his face that made John's stomach turn to ice. "I know how to take care of my
Sherlock would never admit it, but he felt a glowing sense of pride at the comparison. Mycroft may be insufferable, but he was also intelligent; something Sherlock strived to be.
Green. The world is awash in it. Everywhere he looks is coated and covered and made of green. It is a beautiful sight, the green. He feels as though he can swim in it, taste it, feel it. Green. So distracted by the foliage, it takes him a minute to see the man and woman. He smiles at them, and they look upon him in horror.
“The idea of not being able to pay attention to you…it drove me mad.” Otto grinned. “And I needed an extra day with you. Princess Zoe is on her way to Rome for our impending marriage.”
The word sat heavy in John’s mind. He had been invalided from the army. They had given him a small pension, a tiny bedsit in London, and a few medals.
“I know you can hear me.” John says. His voice is too loud in this sterile room; the only other sound the beeping of monitors attached to Sherlock's body. “They are keeping you here overnight. I don't know, perhaps they'll run some tests on you. But I'm sure you'll be allowed to go home tomorrow.”
Accompanied by chocking noises, in vain struggling for oxygen, Sherlock's tongue starts swelling while his throat begins to clench around John's cock. John knows he's about to pass out but he wants to prolong the exquisite experience just a little longer. Only when the helpless sounds Sherlock makes fall silent and his body goes slack does he eventually pull out and comes all over Sherlock's face and chest while the man in front of him coughs and pants, returning from the edge of unconsciousness.
“That’s what the internet was invented for, I think? Besides, I’m not selling him to the press. Because that would mean selling you as well.”
Usually, Sherlock would have worn his coat, concealing his attire, but it's too hot in Italy for the heavy woollen garment (he left the original one in London but ordered a new one when staying in Berlin before John arrived). And as John had decided that he wasn't leaving their hotel naked in nothing but a silver chastity belt, he had been forced to wear ordinary clothes (a light pale-blue summer suit combined with a dark blue shirt). As it turned out, they were not the only couple with dress issues. To solve this problem, a room had been set aside where the guests could change according to their tastes.
Next, John pays attention to Sherlock's front. A hand brush strokes over Sherlock's stretched nipples, again and again, more tickling than hurting. Sherlock shivers. John moves lower, brushing the broom over Sherlock's cock. It's scratchy, but it doesn't feel too bad, so Sherlock carefully ruts against the coarse hairs.
Sherlock just nods. John smiles. “Great. Go back into the bedroom and lie on the bed, I'll get what we need.”
“Hmm, he's still nicely wet and open. I might just be able to push in like this. Or would you like to have the first go, Mycroft? He's your brother, after all. I'm just a spectre at the feast.”
“How do you feel, Sherlock?” He asks his brother, sitting on the edge of the claw-foot tub, his left hand rippling the water.
“Come on, we have to clean your filthy mouth. The faster you obey, the sooner this is all over. But we have to do this properly. I'm sure you understand that. You are such a dirty pisswhore.” His brother explains as he holds Sherlock's head pulled back in a death grip. Sherlock has no choice but to do as he's told.
The group enters the flat through the kitchen door. John has indeed brought four other men with him. They are in their thirties, strongly built, with broad shoulders and hands like shovels. Builders? Workmen? Sherlock blinks up at them through his fringe, now long dry and curly, trying to focus his good eye on the stranger's faces, unsure what to make of them.
“That's it.” He breathes. “Good, you are a perfect cockslut. You've got two dicks shoved up your tight arse. And you love it.”
“Well, it provides certain interested parties with ammunition.” Sherlock leans up, supporting his body on his elbows. He's so thin that John can count his ribs, even in the low light. His nipple rings sparkle on his emaciated chest.
John expects him to steadily increase the size he's able to take. He even demands that Sherlock accompanies him to a sex shop where he has to chose some extremely huge toys which earns him an appreciative look from the owner. In addition to the tunnel plug they buy massive dildos that prove difficult getting used to at first, even with copious amounts of lube.
It takes fifteen stitches to repair the damage John had inflicted on Sherlock's rectum. There's some deep tearing as well as only superficial fissures. John's reminded of the last time he'd had to do this, after Mycroft had allowed his friends to violate his brother. It's unsettling to John that he hadn't been better than the man they are actually on the run from.
The house seems empty when John pads downstairs into the kitchen. He gets a glass of tab water and brings it up to Sherlock.
Sherlock starts to move in earnest now, pushing down, then sliding up again. The stretch feels like he's being split in half.
Sherlock is so turned on by his brother listening in to his abuse that eagerly starts to push back against the object pressed inside him.
“I had two members of Parliament here tonight, an American media tycoon, an Academy Award winning actress and the wife of a Russian oligarch. Of course I let them all go. Could you imagine the diplomatic imbroglio if they'd been interrogated by the police, and later been sold to the press?”
When John asks if Sherlock has a girl friend, the answer he gets is “Not really my area” and a very pointed look. John's smile broadens.
“Does it hurt? It looks rather painful.” Sherlock more senses bright flashes of light. John is taking photos of him in his agony on his phone.
John smiles down at Sherlock and wants to hug him, to tell him that everything will be alright, but the look on Sherlock's face stops him dead in his tracks.
The next Boots is about half a mile away, just down Marylebone Road. John bypasses the hordes of tourists lining up for Madame Tussauds, pops into the shop and quickly tosses two large tubes of lube, a pack of condoms, a home enema kit and a box of nitrile gloves into his basket. He knows it looks like preparing for an especially lewd gay orgy – but well, that's what it is and he couldn't care less what the girl behind the counter thinks of him. She neither blushes nor winks, just sells him his supplies while never once stopping to chat with her colleague about a guy called Toby and his manifold shortcomings.
“That won't be necessary.” Sherlock smiles winningly. Yet the Inspector seems unimpressed by his charms.
Sherlock has no memory how they got home. He's dimly aware of being wrapped in a blanket and getting shoved into a car. He even might remember a shower back at the pensione, but he's not sure. John also must have removed the chastity belt with sound and plug, for when Sherlock wakes the next morning, he's clean and naked.
Sherlock looks up at John as he takes the bottle from his hand, then adjusts his penis over the opening. John watches fascinated as almost orange urine streams from Sherlock's cock, filling the bottle.
“But did Mummy believe you when you told her? No. She just put on her disappointed face and sent you off to bed without supper, because she thought you were lying.” Mycroft's expression is cruel. “You see, no one would believe you if you told them what happened between us.” He smiles triumphantly.
Sally has shed her dress and pants and is now just in her black bra and black high-heels, wielding the riding crop.
Meanwhile, John leans up and over, clambering onto Sherlock's trembling body, straddling his waist. It only takes a few fast strokes and he shoots his load onto Sherlock's heaving chest, still partly covered with the soiled white t-shirt. It's a lot. Sherlock can feel the hot come soak the already damp fabric before seeping into his burning, prickling skin. He lies there, gasping, crying, while John wrings yet another spurt and another from his fat, twitching cock.
John's brain almost short-circuits. Yet he watches, unable to avert his eyes. Sherlock's glans is red and swollen and his damp clothes make squishy sounds as his hips start to buck up into his hand. John grips his shoulder hard enough to bruise as he presses him down into the puddle of his own piss, and Sherlock obediently sinks onto his knees.
They wake up a few hours later, Sherlock curled into John's side. A look at John's phone tells them that it's 7:30 in the morning. John shifts, dragging his left arm out from under Sherlock, and Sherlock quickly sits up, yawns, and tries to smooth down his tousled curls. He looks rather young, still a little bleary and not fully awake yet. John smiles up at him. The ordinariness of the whole scene strikes him as odd. Is that really them, sleepily cuddling like normal boyfriends? Is that what they both want from this arrangement?
When John slumps back onto the mattress, his cockhead still shows traces of come clogged beneath his wrinkled foreskin. Sherlock licks his lips as he has to reach out to the bed for balance while he continues to fuck himself on the bottle up his arse, his own cock leaking beads of clear precome.
“God, you are so needy...” He can hear John's voice next to his right ear. He's so close. This somehow grounds Sherlock, gives him a sense of security and belonging. He hums in reply.
“Thank you.” Sherlock says softly, before stepping close and brushing his lips against John's while closing his eyes. He just stands there and time freezes while John cherishes the utter intimacy of the moment, their quiet understanding.
“This is what a whore gets if he disobeys me. I've been kind, Sherlock, it only was the little finger of your left hand. You should be really grateful.”
At half ten, John still hasn't heard anything from Sherlock. He's pacing their living room, cursing at his phone that is swamped with calls from the press he ignores, pressing disconnect every so often in the hope that Sherlock might be able to get through or at least send a text. He's so desperate that he actually answers another number he recognises, despite fearing it might be a grave mistake.
John sets the box down next to the bed and Sherlock's eyes go wide. Inside, there are four cone-shaped objects in different sizes – two made from black rubber, two made from glass – as well as two replicas of penises, also in black, one average size, the other one rather big, at least in Sherlock's opinion.
To his own surprise, Sherlock is utterly calm when the punishment is finally over. His mind is still, wiped clean. There's just the pain, enveloping him. The next breath is all he focuses on.
“You were rather easy to locate. I'd thought you'd at least make an effort, go somewhere less obvious, cover your tracks.” Mycroft's voice drips with disdain.
The pain is intense as the bucket is much heavier than the weights. Sherlock gasps at the sensation. John makes him circle the kitchen table once before offering his cock again. Sherlock opens and swallows.
Under different circumstances, John would beat him until he'll eat up, but right now John knows that another thrashing would just be impossible to bear. Sherlock's wounds are too fresh and have to heal a bit before any form of corporal punishment can be undertaken. So John eats his fried noodles in silence while watching Sherlock trying to get some food inside himself, thinking about a suitably harsh penalty. He can see, however, that Sherlock is doing his best to eat up.
And Sherlock does. He desperately wants to be part of this scene of base fucking that he pushes his face between Kate's cheeks and licks broad wet swipes over her hole and up to her tailbone. At the first contact Kate shrieks in surprise but after the first shock is over she starts to moan and gasp. John has to grab her more firmly to keep the rhythm up, for her hips roll and shimmy to seek maximum pleasure form both the cock up her pussy and the tongue up her arse.
John walks behind him on their way down the stairs, so that Sherlock can't see his almost wistful expression.
“Oh, you bet you do. This is just the beginning. Don't think for one second that you will keep your position. You'll be demoted. You know what that means, don't you?”
“Let me fuck you.” John had said, pressing the thick dildo back inside Sherlock's quivering hole. He'd sped his efforts up, however, pounding into Sherlock's body until he had seen his balls tighten.
Sherlock is lying naked on the desk, on his back, his head hanging off the other side of the table, like they did it back at Baker Street.
More and more men have started to gather around and watch. One or two try to reach out for Sherlock, but John discourages them with a stern look.
“I'll see if I can unearth some CCTV footage from outside Saint Clair's home to shed some light on the identity on our mysterious third person. If I should find anything, I'll pass it on to you, Sherlock. Miss Adler, I'm sure we can sort this sordid business out discreetly. Meanwhile, I have to bid you all good night. There's still a country to run.” When Mycroft passes his brother on the way out, he stops short and looks him up and down, an almost predatory smile ghosting over his face. “When this is all over, we should have dinner at my club. Just the two of us, brother dear.” His voice is low and velvety smooth. Sherlock blushes at the thought of what is resonating with this invitation.
“Please, let me lick you, John.” Sherlock begs in a hoarse whisper. “I need your taste on my tongue.”
John understands. “I'd like to see them come all over those two.” John says to the other Dom, who just nods, still holding his sub's head up. Sherlock starts kissing his mouth again to stifle both their needy moans. They are just two horny sluts, living to serve and to be used.
“Fuck!” Sherlock whimpers. “No, John. Just... a bit, please. Just the crown?” He sounds so needy, it's embarrassing. “Just let me tongue your slit for a bit. Clean it up. Worship it with my mouth.”
If he'd known that Sherlock would never return to 221b Baker Street, he surely would have acted differently. But as of yet, John has no idea that this day will end in the ultimate catastrophe.
He gives Sherlock twenty blows with the slice. His screams fill the small, untidy kitchen, the air by now heavy with tangy musk and sweat. Finally, Sherlock's knees buckle and give out, and he sinks to the floor, a sobbing mess.
Eventually, John pulls Sherlock up on his knees. The men continue to slap him and spit in his face, and Sherlock turns towards them, offering his body, grateful and happy. They love to aim for his mouth and Sherlock opens wide to swallow their spit that tastes like lager and tobacco. They even empty their beer bottles over his head while Sherlock writhes on the linoleum, slurping up his own pre-come mixed with the sour alcohol. Only when the floor is clean does John allow Sherlock to touch himself in front of those four strangers, and they watch mesmerised as Sherlock rubs his cock and rolls his balls in his palm. Eight large hands stroke his face, chest and back while John's strong fingers pull hard at his nipples; despite his blissed out state, Sherlock remembers to ask for John's permission to come.
The sound the pig had made seemed to fit his moniker, for it had sounded more like a tortured animal than of anything a human might utter. It wasn't a scream though, more a desperate, broken whine.
John nods again and indicates for Sherlock to sit down on one of the chairs as he walks over to Irene to inspect the equipment on offer.
“Ok, love, that was amazing. You're amazing. Just lie here, I'll clean you up and take care of you.” John gently pats Sherlock's hips before he starts to untie the ropes. Sherlock just murmurs his approval, totally compliant and reduced to making incoherent noises. His mind is wiped blank as he gives himself over to John's care.
Sherlock's orgasm hits him like a punch to the gut. His legs wobble, his back rounds and arches, and then Sherlock shoots thread after thread of thick white stripes all over the carpet. John's right hand presses against his chest again, to keep him upright; deep inside him, John can feel his muscles contract as Sherlock screams his name in total bliss. It's a sight to behold.
“He's on his way to Bart's, as you must very well know when you are aware of my destination.” John has long ago stopped wondering how on earth Mycroft knew this stuff.
“Aren't they gorgeous?” Irene asks before handing Sherlock a condom from a low table near by. “Better roll that onto Doctor Watson. I think it will be needed very soon.”
He's been too tense over the last couple weeks. Even Lestrade had told him so. His boys had to take the blame for that. It had been too much for some. At least his current plaything proofed to be a little more resilient. He'd test its limits tonight with some of the more adventurous toys from his collecting. There's that set of medieval pilliwinks he'd really like to use on different body parts to see what reactions they provoke. Everyone had a breaking point, Mycroft had learned a long time ago; even his little brother.
“It can be traced, John! When you won't come back to London, my brother will try to find you. All he will discover is that your phone signal got lost somewhere in France...”
In another room, he finds four men sitting around a table, drinking beer and playing cards. They look him up and down, and he remembers begging for their piss, wallowing in the hot yellow liquid on his kitchen floor, slurping it into his mouth while John touched himself.
Sherlock hisses as the procedure is repeated on his right nipple. He stares down in both horror and fascination as his chest is now decorated with two small silver rings protruding from his slightly swollen nipples.
“I'll climb out of one of the windows of 221c. I promise I get in touch later. Now it's show-time John.” With that, Sherlock winks and disappears behind the cellar door leading down to the mouldy basement flat.
Sherlock can't go for the Dom's cock as it's buried inside a wet, open mouth, but there are still his full, furry bollocks, unattended, slapping against the Asian's chin. Sherlock moves closer, sliding on the piss-wet tiles until he's able to fasten his lips around the sac, and sucks. The man above him groans in approval and pushes his other hand into Sherlock's hair as Sherlock sets to work, dividing his attention between gently playing with the man’s swollen balls and licking spit from the Asian boy’s lips and chin.
“Beautiful... amazing... so amazing. Gorgeous. You are so beautiful like this...” John can't stop himself from murmuring praise into Sherlock's damp skin, and Sherlock flushes bright pink all over, down to his chest.
Last to go in is the screwdriver. John holds it by its handle as he fucks Sherlock's tight channel. It feels amazing. Sherlock and John both watch it slide beneath Sherlock's most tender skin, stretching a part of Sherlock's body that was clearly not designed to take such a variety of objects.
With a wicked smile, John pushes him away. Sherlock sits back on his heels, staring up at John from below heavy lids, and licks his lips. His mouth is wet and red, enticing, seductive, made to be fucked.
“Therefore all the shenanigans with the drugs and the press?” John asks, burying his nose in those soft ginger curls.
“I think I'll get you a bra next for your little titties, Sherlock. Or we could pierce your nipples. Would you like that?” Sherlock had just moaned as an answer, his eyes almost rolling back in his head at the thought. “People might see them, under those tight shirts you're wearing. They might also see the lace of the bra. I'll have you show it to Donovan and Lestrade while you suck him off. Donovan can smack your pretty little arse. Or perhaps she just wants to piss all over your back as you give her boss a blow job.”
When John returns, he's carrying his doctor's bag. After setting it down onto the edge of the bathtub, he rummages through it until he’s found his medical sewing kit. Sherlock doesn't understand. There's no wound that would need sutures – at least not yet.
John goes on Google and searches for the news, nearly having a coronary when the search results show up after he's entered Sherlock's. Oh. My. God.
“That seems to be quite a good idea. Miss Adler, I will be in touch.” Both men don't deign to look at Anderson when walking out of the room
So they relocate to their dimly lit kitchen. Sherlock doesn't move with his usual grace and has to grab the doorframe as not to stumble. Yet John feels suddenly way too sober.
“Jo-” a name crosses his mind, but even that thought is interrupted when Sherlock's six foot tall frame slumps down like a puppet with its strings cut, already unconscious before his head hits the concrete floor.
John slowly turns his head and stares at the man with contemptuous determination. “What do you want?”
Sherlock smiles a tight smile. “And how would you happen to know that my brother frequents this etablissement?” He asks coolly, tilting his head while watching Sally's apt fingers play with Kate's clit, only mildly curious now but not even blushing.
Only late in the evening does John get up to take a much needed shower and make some tea. Meanwhile, Sherlock has gone to the bedroom to retrieve the box of toys. Now, as John is sauntering back into the living room, still drying his hair with a towel, Sherlock kneels on the floor, holding up a leather strap with a gleaming silver buckle.
“What is this for?” he asks, with a mischievous glint in his eye as he cocks his head to one side, scrutinising his new discovery.
“Then we'll put this to the test. If you are uncomfortable being with women, of course you don't have to. But I will engage with women nonetheless, and I expect you to participate in these scenes. We'll see where your limits lie as we progress.”
“Punch me?” Sherlock proposes, entwining his long, white fingers with John’s short and sturdy ones he's just sucked.
Sherlock squirms a bit on his chair. He can't imagine how that will feel like, given the intense pleasure he's already getting from this tiny plug. He just nods and licks his lips.
John really wants to leave as soon as he's finished tending to Sherlock, but Murray insists that they have breakfast. Suddenly, John can feel his stomach growl. He accepts some toast and makes sure that Sherlock eats as well. Surprisingly, it's not difficult. Sherlock seems almost famished as he inhales three slices of bread, dripping with honey.
John's sickeningly aware that he's pushing Sherlock too far, that he exploits his obedience and his needs in an unjustifiable manner – but he can't restrain himself. It's too fascinating to watch how far Sherlock is prepared to go, how much he debases himself. They are mutually goading each other to greater and greater extremes. The situation is escalating – but neither of them seems able to stop.
“Now, take the bag and pull it over your head. That's it.” Sherlock's features become distorted by the rustling fabric. The gun only leaves the side of his head for a few seconds. John takes up the gaffer tape with his free hand and rips off a long stripe with his teeth. “Seal it around your neck.”
John just gives them a two fingered salute before slamming the door shut. Great! Very mature, John! He's sure his enraged face will make the headlines next day. Yet it's too late to dwell on that now.
“You horny slut.” The policeman grunts, grabbing Sherlock’s hips to set a menacing rhythm. “You like it, taking it up the arse, don't you. Don't you?” A strong hand comes down, smacking his upper thigh.
“No, please...” He's pulling at his bounds and for a split second his feet lift off the floor. He swings in the rope, suspended from the beam, and it's terrifying. He has no control over his movements. The vertigo returns, stronger this time.
“Speaking of, did you bring the supplies, Doctor?” Mycroft switches the vibrator off abruptly, and Sherlock almost slumps to the floor as his taut muscles relax. Only the stiff corset prevents him from tipping over, and he's suddenly grateful for the support it lends to his body.
John seems to be using a thin twig, nothing special, but after a few strokes Sherlock's arse starts to sting nonetheless. As he has to tense his muscles to keep the chestnuts in place, his arse is hard like marble, and there's only a thin layer of skin to cushion John's blows.
“Ah, there you are.” A familiar singsong voice trills from somewhere at the periphery of his perception, and Sherlock shudders, unable to control the nausea coiling in his stomach. Suddenly, he can sense warmth as the man moves closer and comes to stand somewhere in the vicinity of his left shoulder. Sherlock tries to move, to raise an arm or leg or do something, but it's no use. He's not only too weak, he's also tied down onto something, flat on his back. His hands skitter over a cold, smooth surface – a stretcher? One of the stainless steel morgue tables?
“You know, speaking of piss, accidents do happen so easily.” John teases. He must have put the paddle down, for his other hand is sneaking between Sherlock's legs and starts to knead his half-hard cock. “I'm sure that happened to you as well. At night. Perhaps at school. You'd drunken too much and were to sleepy or lazy to run all the way to the toilet. And when you finally discovered that it was too late for that, that you had hesitated far too long, that your belly was already cramping, you could do nothing but give in to the urge, to relaxed and let it flow, lying in your own warm piss afterwards. Wasn't that both hot and embarrassing? And the idea of other people noticing... did that make you hard, Sherlock?”
Sherlock is still panting hard when John returns his attention to Sherlock's back. He slowly starts to bite and suck Sherlock's shoulders, licking damaged skin, kissing his welts. It feels amazing while it hurts like hell. John continues to run his hands over Sherlock's bruised body, slightly scratching up and down his back while watching some stupid talk show. Then he turns his attention to Sherlock's nipples, pinching them hard. By now, silent tears stream down Sherlock's face. But he keeps kneeling in front of John and lets him have his way.
To Sherlock's relieve, John takes the small key from his pocket and starts to unlock the bolts and metal ribbons trapping his penis. As he carefully starts to remove the stainless steel parts, Sherlock gasps in shock. His cock has been locked away for so long that every light brush of fingertips almost hurts. He's too sensitive; his nerves are on fire; blood shoots into his testicles, making them heavy, tingling with uncontrollable want. Sherlock has to bite down onto his lower lip to stifle a moan. John watches, enthralled, before cupping his balls and stroking him once, twice, until Sherlock throws his head back and whimpers in both agony and pleasure.
As Sherlock sinks slowly onto his knees, he can feel his skin being torn open. The spikes on his shins sink into his flesh and are driven into his knee caps. He groans low in his throat but doesn't hesitate to obey, despite the pain.
Sherlock stays on the floor next to the bed, spits into his right hand and strokes John to full hardness. They don't have any lube, so saliva and John's pre-come will have to do. Soon, he starts leaking, and Sherlock's ample fingers smear his juice all over his cock. John hums with pleasure as he watches, his eyes darting between Sherlock's hand on his cock and Sherlock's face. His lips are wet and slightly parted, his eyes hooded beneath heavy lids.
And what might Lestrade have come across on the video footage? Some development, at last! Sherlock hates gridlock. It makes his mind do funny things and his body crave increasingly unhealthy sensations. He needs to move forward, or at least move, to distract himself from his own destructive impulses.
“Seriously? - Where? - Yes, of course I know where that is. - No. - Don't be obtuse. - Oh, for god's sake, Dimmock, don't touch anything. - Yes, I'll be there as soon as possible.” Sherlock hangs up and flips his phone in his right hand, standing in the middle of the sunny living room. When he looks up his eyes meet John's over the rim of his tea mug. Sherlock swallows, then puts the mug down onto the desk and slightly tilts his head without breaking eyecontact.
From time to time John stills deep inside him, his cock blocking Sherlock's airways as his balls seal Sherlock's nostrils; John only starts to move again when Sherlock jerks on the table, his limbs starting to jitter due to lack of oxygen. Meanwhile, Sherlock's flushed cock is lying on his heaving stomach, and he desperately wants to touch it but has to hold onto the table's edge as to not being shoved off it by the sheer force of john's thrusts down his throat.
Sherlock clumsily scrambles up on his knees, feeling dizzy and wobbly, shuffling around, getting carpet burns on his knees, adding to the battlefield his body must resemble by now. When he looks up at John, he holds the still full wine bottle in his hand, arching an eyebrow. He offers it to Sherlock who takes it, repulsed and wanting at the same time. What is wrong with him that he longs for John to force his own urine down his throat?
John presses his foot between Sherlock's legs and Sherlock humps it like a bitch in heat. “God, Sherlock, you are so wet. Your lovely little panties are dripping. Have you pissed yourself?”
“Jesus fucking Christ!” She exclaims as she finally releases the bunch of red hair, allowing Kate to slide to the floor. “That was... wow.”
Sherlock is clearly off balance, leering, falling. He's rapidly losing something, but he's not quite sure what, or if he minds. Disturbing thoughts are creeping up on him more and more frequent. And he can't keep them at bay anymore. He suddenly feels vulnerable, skinned, dissected, pinned under glass like an insect. He's in desperate need for control and therefore glad when the scene begins, relieving him from thinking too much.
“Next time, I make you kneel in front of every guy who wants you to suck him off. And you'll serve them all.”
And Sherlock does. He sees his limp cock in John's hand – and he can't. This is too humiliating to even think about it. He wants to beg John to stop this but they have barely begun. Sherlock inhales a few times through his nose, trying to calm down.
The attic is only dimly lit with low lamps. One wall, Sherlock sees now, is covered in a huge mirror. He can watch himself, lying on the floor, emaciated, wrapped in barbed wire, an uneven seam criss-crossing over his mouth, sealing his lips. He looks a true Man of Sorrows. Streaks of red blood decorate his pale skin and still, his eyes burn dark with desire. His whole body is on fire. He feels so very much alive right now.
Sherlock is a little taken aback but then just puts the condom between his lips and bows down over John's hard, leaking cock. He relaxes his throat as best as he can and sinks down onto John, his lips sheathing John's shaft in latex. When he comes up again, the condom snugly in place, John smiles proudly back at him.
John reassuringly touches Sherlock's limp fingers, and suddenly, those large, beautiful eyes fly open in sheer terror.
“But perhaps I could offer you something in exchange, something more valuable and important than stories about my sex-life.” Sherlock almost purrs.
Sherlock can't hear or see him and therefore is unable to anticipate the strokes. John focuses the beating on Sherlock's quivering empty whole. It flutters under the thrashing, becoming red and swollen. Lube is still leaking out of it. Alternating, John lets the belt hit Sherlock's full balls and sensitive perineum. From time to time, a stroke catches his fingers, and Sherlock hisses in pain, whereas otherwise he moans and hums with pleasure.
“You’ve been so good.” John mumbles into his skin. “I've been thinking… I know that we can't do the stuff I want to do to you, what I told you about last night, not here, anyway. I'm sure your brother would be able to find a facility to act this out, though. But perhaps we can do something a bit like it?”
Looking down at his creation, a devilish leer spreads on his face. Perhaps it's the wine that supplies  the lewd idea. He leaves the chicken simmering on the stove and walks back into the bedroom, taking the bowl of fruit with him.
Being able to hear John and sense his movements anchors him and prevents him from drifting off. He is totally immobilised, perfectly bound and bundled up, like an object, a doll, for John to use at his pleasure. The neoprene feels good against his skin, smooth and warm. He knows that it is breathable, so even if something should obstruct the small air holes he won't suffocate immediately if he'd keep his breathing pattern stable and under control. Yet he can already feel his breathing speed up in excitement and arousal (and perhaps a little instinctive panic at his helpless state) the longer he's lying rigid on the floor, bound, blind and effectively gagged, deprived of all senses, forced into stillness.
It is just a light brush of lips at first, tentative. Still, Sherlock whimpers. Mycroft's thumb comes up to rest under Sherlock's chin, tilting it up and slightly to the left before he presses down more firmly, touching just the tip of his tongue to Sherlock's full lower lip.
Mycroft almost gently tugs John's elbow and leads him down the corridor. They end up in front of a humming vending machine, from which Mycroft extracts two surprisingly good cups of coffee before he starts his interrogation.
“Look at you.” John whispers, enthralled. “Your greedy, wet cunt.” He takes Sherlock's phone from the bedside cabinet (he had allowed for Sherlock to take it with him in case he gets an important call or email) and takes a picture. “I'm sure I could stuff this phone inside you now easily.”
“Deeper.” Acri had ordered, and his toy-boys had complied, moving their hands back and forth until they had been sliding easily in and out. Soft whimpers were escaping them that turned into wails from the pig as the other boy sped up his movements.
This is not really a new chapter, it's more a PSA that the second part of this story will start posting tomorrow, 22nd of October 2017. Currently, it's titled "Keeping Sherlock" and I'll try to put a link here to the new story if I figure out how to do that. It will basically be John and Sherlock travelling Europe, hiding from Mycroft while shagging their brains out. I'm 12 chapters in, so weekly postings up until Christmas can be scheduled.
“If someone's coming round and asks for us, tell them we've gone to Oxford.” John says as they part. Murray gives them both a bear hug as they leave, and John waves over his shoulder as he stirs the car out of the driveway.
But Sherlock doesn't want to be freed. He wants to be kept like this – a faceless thing, tied up, sensory deprived, suspended, intubated, with a buzzing sex toy up his rectum - for the whole night. He wants this to be the first thing John and Mycroft see in the morning.
John grins down at him wickedly, aware of Sherlock's discomfort, savouring it, the abasement Sherlock is willing to take for him. Eventually, he speeds up, pushing and pulling faster and faster as his other hand grips his own cock harder. Sherlock is by now reduced to grunting needy pleas for more, harder, deeper, whining like a dirty pig to get his arse fucked. John has to be careful not to fully pull out. He won't allow for Sherlock's agony to lessen or his for his hole to clench. His pet is just there to get stuffed and take it.
“Yeah, but what our readers are really interested in... are you two shagging?” The young man shouts, a cruel ring to his voice. Others around him break into a giggle.
John politely refuses the help of a heavily made-up shop assistant (wondering briefly how she might react when he'd start to describe the person he wants to surprise with some lingerie as a 6 ft.2 lanky bloke with a ten inch cock, shoe size 12 and legs literally two miles long) and finally decides on a pair of dark purple silk panties, a black lace suspender belt, black stockings and a short satin kimono in matching purple. A pair of black velvet high heels he buys at Dune's.
John raises his head, and the fierce look on his face almost frightens Sherlock. Suddenly, the knife is at his throat, pressing down just below his Adam's apple. Sherlock goes utterly still, not even swallowing. Heat pools in his cheeks and down in his belly as he melts under John's raw gaze.
“John?” Sherlock asks in a low voice. “I think I need the loo first.” The piss he’d swallowed earlier is still sloshing around in his belly and his bladder is making demands.
John's not sure if Sherlock is being cynical or just tired. “It's about time, don't you think?” He says, ignoring whatever warning Sherlock tries to convey.
“What's your relationship with Sherlock, John?” A young man yells at him over the heads of the crowd.
“My only vice has been Tequila.” John confesses. “But I don't think I'll need that much of it from now on.”
“Not right now. He's... a bit preoccupied.” Sherlock's eyes go wide with the lack of air. John removes his cock an inch to allow the man beneath him to breathe.
“God, John, please... I want to taste you. So badly. I need your come, please, feed it to me. I love the taste. Please...Nothing tastes as good as you. I want to swallow it all. Come into my mouth, all over my lips and tongue. Please. Give it to me... I won't spill a drop.” Sherlock stammers, his voice deep and needy as he cheers John on.
Sherlock is sitting on the bed, naked except for a black leather collar around his neck and the silver cock cage covering his penis. He looks breathtaking, all long limbs, silky white skin and dark curls. His nipple piercings sparkle seductively. The black letters on his back only enhance the paleness of his lean body. He looks like a fallen angel, ready to be devoured.
“Right,” Sherlock says again, his eyes still fixed on John in a way that makes his stomach flutter in a pleasant way.
Besides, Sherlock doesn’t want him like that. Doesn’t want anyone like that from what John has observed over all the years he’s known the man. He needs to stop.
“Great points, I’ll be sure to throw myself at him next time we cross paths in the halls,” John replies sarcastically.
But Sherlock reels him back, tugging John towards him and wastes no time before capturing his mouth in a kiss. John sighs, relief coursing through him, and he thinks it has less to do with the horrifyingly long cab ride here, and more to do with the fact that he’s waited over four years for this. John is man enough to admit it to himself – now that it’s safe and he knows with undeniable certainty that his feelings are reciprocated – that he’s wanted this for an abnormally long time. Maybe even since the moment they met, since their dinner at Angelo’s.
It hits him like a ton of bricks, like someone has knocked him upside the head with the knowledge and he feels like every muscle in his body contracts, his gut twisting, his throat closing up.
John blows out a breath, taking a step away from Sherlock and looking away, breaking their stare. “No. I just-” He hates this, has no idea how to say anything about how he’s feeling without sounding like an utter arse and yet he’s the one who chased Sherlock down and forced him to talk. “I never thought you were interested… In anyone,” he adds. God, he feels like such a colossal moron. There he was, stepping in and posing as Sherlock’s boyfriend – his fiancé, for Christ’s sake – thinking he’d be doing him a favor, and turns out he was interfering with Sherlock’s attempts to get these men’s attention. Apparently, Sherlock
“I-” John considers denying it, but the lie dies on his tongue before he says a word. “Alright, fine. I like him. There.”
“John,” Sherlock calls out his name, and John swivels on the spot, turning back to face him again, taking note of the fact that Sherlock is still looking at him and hasn’t moved since John has walked away. “Thank you.”
“My life is exciting enough, and if it weren’t I certainly wouldn’t be interested in the kind of man who insults my fiancé,” Sherlock answers and a warm feeling trickles down John spine at Sherlock’s clear rejection, his decision to choose John even in this very fake relationship John made up five minutes ago. Or maybe it has something to do with Sherlock calling him his fiancé? A few years ago, he probably would have balked at the idea, but right now, in the middle of a gay bar while they entertain a fake engagement to get some creep away from Sherlock, John doesn’t find that he minds at all. If he’s honest with himself, he might even admit that he sort of likes it. John absentmindedly brushes his lips over the shell of Sherlock’s ear, staking his claim in an obvious way, and he feels a shiver run down Sherlock’s spine where he’s resting against John’s chest. Does Sherlock approve of the intimate touch, enjoy it even, or did it simply catch him off guard? John desperately wishes he knew the answer, but it’s certainly not something he can ask.
“What was that about?” John asks, not about to let this one go. This is perhaps one of the only times he’s had the opportunity to ask about Sherlock’s interest in anything relating to sex without sounding like an arse, he’s not passing that up.
He reaches for the keys in his pocket. He’s never given them back, even when he’d moved out, when Sherlock returned and he wasn’t living there anymore, Sherlock always insisted that he keep his key. Baker Street would always be his home.
“I wanted to,” he explains, and John smiles remembering the first time Sherlock had offered to help John with Potions. They walk over towards the tree, John sitting on the floor next to the box with his name written neatly on it and he sets the present he brought next to Sherlock, who sits cross-legged in front of him.
Shit. He needs to back off… pull himself together. Sherlock doesn’t seem inclined to move away, content to stay in John’s arms but John wonders if it’s just the alcohol wearing down, leaving him drowsy, his body heavier than usual. John slowly pulls away, reluctantly letting his hand fall away from Sherlock’s waist and pressing the other to Sherlock’s shoulder to hold up his weight when he moves back, as John’s chest won’t be there to support him. He squeezes Sherlock’s shoulder, lets his hands trail down his upper back for slightly longer than strictly appropriate but he can’t bring himself to regret it.
“She’ll be fine for the time being. You can fetch her in an hour,” John says simply. He has every intention of letting Donovan stew for a little bit, lord knows she deserves it.
jealous. And he was being so bloody obvious that Sherlock caught onto that, and he’d apparently gone out of his way to attract other men to him to continue to fan the flames of John’s jealousy. He purposefully set out to make John jealous.
Would John be willing to go on nightly, potentially dangerous escapades with him? Perhaps next time he’d extend an invitation. The thought of it alone has something akin to panic – or was it excitement? – rising in his chest.
As much as John hates to admit it, Greg isn’t all that wrong. The break might be the perfect time to broach the subject and see if his feelings for Sherlock are… more than one-sided. John can’t deny that his feelings for Sherlock border on more than friendship, but he isn’t sure if he’s ready to give up Sherlock altogether if he doesn’t feel the same way. That’s usually what happens, right? When one person admits to developing feelings in a friendship, everything about the relationship dynamic changes, every word and action becomes laden with a new layer of meaning and expectations, and usually the relationship either evolves into something romantic or dies altogether. He doesn’t want to lose Sherlock, not when he’s just found him. Then again, his feelings for Sherlock seem to be growing deeper every day, with every interaction they have, John finds himself falling just a little bit further. He isn’t sure if he can go on suppressing those feelings, resisting the urge to brush his hand against Sherlock’s and intertwining their fingers, to tuck a stray curl from Sherlock’s forehead behind his ear, or kiss him when he deduces something absolutely brilliant.
“Yeah, I do actually, mate.” John’s tone doesn’t leave much room for arguing, definitely a clear message to bugger off. Seriously, could he have chosen a worst moment?
“Right,” the young man seems to accept Sherlock’s explanation, but he’s still looking at the both of them with too much suspicion for John’s liking. “You should let the bartender know you’re getting married then, he’ll get you up on that stage for a proper celebration.”
Oh god, it practically makes him dizzy, makes the world spin round in a way that rivals the alcohol. He wants to burrow his face in Sherlock’s neck, let himself be engulfed in the intoxicating smell and
“Yes,” he agrees and then moves to the side, leaving John cold, missing Sherlock’s warmth, but then he sees him reaching over to his nightstand, opening the drawer and pulling out a small bottle.
John quickly takes notice of how much taller Sherlock is. He’s seen Sherlock around the grounds and obviously in Potions, but never this up close. Even if they haven’t officially met, John knew who he was the second he walked into their first Potions class, mostly due to his reputation.
. His heart rate grows wild, his breathing is laboured, and Sherlock is cursing and repeating his name like it’s the only thing left to hold onto
John purposefully doesn’t look up to meet Sherlock’s gaze, focusing on the task at hand, popping open the button and tugging down on the zipper. Sherlock’s length is bulging, and John bites down on his bottom lip at the thought of taking him in his mouth. He pulls down Sherlock’s trousers, exposing his long, pale legs and John thinks he feels Sherlock’s muscles quiver as he runs his hands down the length of his bare skin. Sherlock helps, toeing off his shoes and honestly, John is surprised at how coordinated they both are considering how much they had to drink tonight. The trousers come all the way off then and John straightens again, his face level with Sherlock’s centre.
Sherlock must feel John’s body bristle, clearly bothered by the comment, and he leans back further into John’s chest, an evident display of disinterest in the man who just made a pass at him.
John is prepared to go right in and search for Sherlock when he gets there, but Sherlock is standing outside the entrance, his back against the wall, with one knee up, his foot propped up on the wall and John fleetingly thinks it’s completely unfair how mysterious and attractive he looks.
By the time Miss Sprout wraps up their Herbology lesson, John fees like he’s about to jump out of his skin. It’s Thursday: he feels like he’s been buzzing with excitement and waiting for this moment for way too long when really, it’s barely even been two days. He’s eager to see Sherlock. They haven’t been able to talk since potions on Tuesday and John’s only managed to sneak glances at him in the Great Hall over dinner. Their eyes met once, when John had looked over to the Ravenclaw table where Sherlock always sat and found Sherlock already looking his way. John had felt his entirely body flush from head to toe, waving at Sherlock before turning away. It’s probably the first time John has found himself upset that they have to sit with members of their own house over meals. It seems ridiculous that they aren’t allowed to choose their own seats. He’d brought it up to Greg the other day and his friend had looked at him like he’d grown a second head. He can’t be the only one to think this, right?
When Sherlock stays silent, John realizes he’s going to have to work harder than that to get it out of him. “Were you making eyes at those men in the bar?” Best to put it bluntly, he thinks.
“It’s me.” The tension in John’s body deflates as he recognizes Sherlock’s deep baritone voice, even in a whisper.
men. He has absolutely no right to feel that way, to be jealous of anyone Sherlock may be interested in. But damn it to hell, he is.
Curiosity is definitely normal. Mates talk about this kind of stuff all the time, make allusions to their sexual prowess over pints at the pub, it’s a common topic of conversation. But not with Sherlock. No, Sherlock has always avoided anything to do with sex, and John has always thought it was because he wasn’t interested, didn’t see the appeal.
But it’s his stag night, right? Surely he’s allowed to get piss drunk on his own last night of freedom. Besides, he’s having far too much fun sneaking extra shots from the bar and slipping them into Sherlock’s own graduated cylinder to ensure that he isn’t the only one getting absolutely wasted tonight. John has never seen Sherlock so… uncoordinated. The man is usually more put together than the Queen’s Guards, with his tight, perfectly pressed suits, his hair flawlessly coiffed in what always look like effortless curls, his sharp and mysterious cheekbones-
“You’re a freak!” He hears the shouting again, and he can make out the words this time as he gets closer, followed by the sizzling crack of a spell and some sniggering. He should really just keep walking, but he feels something tugging at his insides and before he’s even made a conscious decision, he changes direction, following the voices on his right.
He drops his arms from around Sherlock’s waist when he deems them close enough to the bar’s exit and sufficiently far enough from the impeding danger of a bar fight. “Stand up straight,” John tells him when he sees Sherlock canting forwards a bit.
to notice, with his dark, curly hair, pale skin and sharp cheekbones. Right now, though, it’s Sherlock’s piercing, light blue eyes, which have apparently struck John mute; he’s transfixed, completely lost in the depth of his striking gaze and all words seem to evaporate from his brain.
“Check the front pocket of my robes,” Sherlock instructs, and John is fairly sure he blushes crimson, he can only hope it’s dark enough for Sherlock not to notice. He swallows hard, reaching down blindly and doing his best not to touch or brush against anything that is
John abruptly tears his eyes from the sight, from the vision his mind has too easily conjured up and he’s embarrassed to find his body reacting rather quickly, his pants suddenly tighter as his blood flows south and arousal simmers in his veins. Shit. This is
“Sherlock!” John calls after him, practically has to shout to be heard over the loud base of the music, but Sherlock doesn’t turn back or slow his pace, just keeps walking briskly towards the exit.
John just about chokes on air. “There’s no girl, Greg,” he denies and really, it’s not his fault if Greg formulated his question around an assumption. He doesn’t even have to lie because there is most certainly no girl. And though there
He just needs to focus on his core classes, those are the most important if he wants to get decent results on his O.W.Ls. If only Professor Snape didn’t hate him so much, he might not be so awful at Potions. Well, at least he knows it isn’t personal, Snape just hates everyone who isn’t a Slytherin. He needs to stop getting so distracted by how vile Snape is to his classmates during lectures though, it’s the main source of his distraction. Okay, so he
He’s scared of losing Sherlock, of being forced to give him up now that he knows with utmost certainty what he wants.
“Nothing.” Sherlock averts his eyes and abruptly turns away from John, pushing through the crowd of bodies towards the door.
John hums around his erection and Sherlock hisses, his hands shooting out and latching onto John’s hair, gripping tightly, his lower body bucking, and it goes straight to John’s groin. He moans, his hips rutting against thin air and Sherlock barely has time to warn him, a whispered “John, I’m-” before his entire body convulses in pleasure, and he comes in John’s mouth, eyes screwed shut, holding onto John’s hair, pulling roughly, but John loves it. He looks up at Sherlock and something coils deep in his abdomen, clenching, need ripping through him because holy shit, the man is beautiful. Sherlock is always attractive, but John has never seen him like this, lost in the throes of orgasm, skin flushed and hair an absolutely mess.
John turns towards him so quickly he thinks he might have stretched something in his neck. “What? How do you know that?” Greg never speaks to Sherlock, he’s never even seen them interact, so how could he possibly know what Sherlock’s plans are for Christmas? Greg gives him an all-too-knowing grin and John might have been worried if he wasn’t so excited about the idea of staying at the castle with Sherlock for two whole weeks.
“Potions,” Sherlock says, lamely. He needs to do better than this if he wants to keep John around. “It’s just I know you want to be a Healer and potions would be important for your O.W.Ls.”
“I’ve made this potion before. It didn’t take me long to figure out that the instructions from our student textbook weren’t sufficient to make it correctly, so I experimented until I found what was missing.”
Color rises to Sherlock’s cheeks again, though this time having nothing to do with being held upside down and John finds himself smiling at him. “I just observe,” he answers, brushing it off. They stand there for a few seconds, just looking at each other and John just can’t seem to look away, finds himself frozen in place, and inexplicably suddenly desperate to unravel every mystery behind the wizard that is Sherlock Holmes. John’s eyes drift down to Sherlock’s mouth, his upper lip curved in a perfect bow and thinks how it might be interesting to taste it.
flicking his left wrist in a practiced movement. The paralysing curse hits Donovan square in the chest, her entire body going rigid as she falls backward. Anderson sputters, looking between Donovan and John, his mouth hanging open in surprise.
Before John gets the chance to ask how he’s supposed to distract a dog long enough for him to get in, Sherlock has already turned away and is heading towards the back entrance, leaving John to his task. Bugger.
“I had no idea either,” Sherlock echoes. “When I told you I was married to my work, I didn’t know that anything could rival how important that was to me. But you did. You became fundamental, you were everywhere, John. It’s like I couldn’t function without you anymore.” John can’t help it; he bends down to catch Sherlock’s lips between his own, the kiss sweet and tender and hopeful.
in front of the best wizard at Hogwarts and he wonders why it suddenly bothers him so much what others think of him. Or maybe he just cares what Sherlock thinks of him.
You have got to be taking the piss. The moment shatters with the interruption, and John opens his eyes to look over at the man, tall, probably mid-thirties, traditionally good looking, but right now, he finds himself beyond annoyed.
, he’s wondered about the taste of Sherlock’s lips for so long, he nearly whimpers at the thought that this is finally happening. He’s kissing Sherlock Holmes and it’s like nothing he’s ever felt before.
His head is swimming, but honestly, he thinks it’s more to do with the abrupt realization of how much he’s currently enjoying Sherlock’s proximity, the feel of his body against his own than with the single pint he’s barely touched since they’ve entered the bar.
John trails off, a tad embarrassed but Sherlock is smiling ruefully now, as though he’s just discovered a weapon with which to destroy John, and God help him, he probably has.
And apparently, he can’t stop thinking about him either. Like he is now. Damn it, it’s bloody annoying, he needs to stop and think about something else.
also be distracted by the fact that the fifth year Ravenclaws have Potions scheduled at the same time they do.
Fleetingly, he thinks he should be more concerned about the state of his engagement, that maybe he should speak to Mary to officially end things before he and Sherlock go any further. It would probably be the respectable thing to do. But he can’t. Not tonight.
He ventures further down and Sherlock gasps when John’s fingers brush his perineum, rubbing gently until Sherlock is squirming beneath him. He watches in amazement as Sherlock begins to grow hard again, surprised by the quick recovery time and John’s own erection throbs at the sight, begging for any semblance of release. Soon
Sherlock expects John to look affronted at the comment and even more so at the suggestion that they sit together again, but John merely smiles, apparently unbothered by either.
“I could help you, if you’d like.” The words are out of Sherlock’s mouth before he can process them, and he cringes internally. Why would John want his help? John probably couldn’t wait to get away from him-
“Right,” John agrees with a shy smile, as though he didn’t think what he’d done for Sherlock was a big deal.
“Great- I mean, yeah, that’s fine,” John corrects himself, not wanting to sound overly eager, but he thinks he ends up sounding like an idiot instead, which is infinitely worse, and he resists the urge to beat his head against the nearest wall. Sherlock gives him a curious look but seems satisfied with his answer. “What about the ingredients?” John asks quickly, hoping Sherlock will forget about his slip up. It must have been the right thing to say because Sherlock’s grin broadens at the question.
about the cases Sherlock took on as a Consulting Auror. It’s not the simple, quiet life he’d imagined at all: it’s loud and busy and he gets to share it all with the man he loves. It’s better.
way. The questions whirl around in his head at lightspeed, but Sherlock still hasn’t broken eye contact and when he does John is pretty sure his eyes drift down to John’s mouth and –
John reluctantly lets go of Sherlock’s hand once they enter the pub and his eyes are immediately assaulted by bright lights of varying colors, music blaring in his ears and he stumbles back, his senses taking a serious hit. His back collides with Sherlock’s chest and Sherlock’s hands reach out reflexively to steady him, landing on his hips as John bumps into him. Sherlock’s body is warm and solid against his back and John’s neck is level with Sherlock’s shoulder. John doesn’t think too much of it as he lets his head fall back to rest against Sherlock. They fit together well, their bodies melding, slotting against one another and if he were to turn his head just so, he’d find the long, pale column of Sherlock’s neck exposed, smooth skin mere millimetres away from his lips. All he’d have to do, really, is cant forward a bit, and he’d-
“Oh, I can already tell this one won’t be dull, you should call off your shift at St-Mungo’s, John,” Sherlock suggests, and John rolls his eyes. Although, if he’s honest with himself, he knows he
He’s past the point of caring but he is not about to let Sherlock get pummelled in a fistfight in his inebriated state. As he drags Sherlock over to the door, he finds himself thinking how much lighter Sherlock is than he’d anticipated. Sherlock may be tall, but he certainly carries no extra weight. He thinks how well Sherlock’s frame fits against his, how unexpectedly manageable it is to manipulate his body, how easy it would be to flip him in bed.
The voices grow clearer, more distinct and it seems there are two people laughing darkly while another mutters a frustrated curse. John peeks around the corner, his back flat against the brick of the castle and he reaches in the front pocket of his robes for his wand. He was right, there are two Slytherin’s, a boy and girl, standing together conspiratorially, and – his stomach lurches as he recognizes the other boy immediately, currently hanging upside down, suspended in midair by his ankle. It’s Sherlock, the Ravenclaw from his Potions class and John realizes the jinx he’s been hit with instantly, based on the effects.
The words rain down on him like cold water and his body goes still, mouth still open at Sherlock’s neck. He pulls back slowly, just enough to meet Sherlock’s eyes, his hands falling away from where they were tangled in Sherlock’s hair. They’re both still catching their breaths, panting, and John is still standing close enough that he can feel every one of Sherlock’s exhales against his lips. He looks down to Sherlock’s mouth and the sight of his perfect lips, so full and sharp with that enticing cupid’s bow now swollen and tinged pink from John’s kisses just makes him want to dive in again and capture Sherlock’s mouth with his own.
“Christ, remind me never to take you to a gay bar again,” John swears. He’s all too aware of how jealous he sounds but he couldn’t be arsed to care. Instead of facing this other bloke to try and drive him away, John decides they should just make a run for it. “Come on,” he doesn’t give Sherlock the chance to object, just grabs his hand, threads their fingers together and pulls him off his stool towards the dance floor.
“I didn’t realize you two were together,” the blonde lad comments with a touch of resentment in his voice but he quickly puts on a bright smile to brush it off.
“Charming,” John deadpans, but he can’t quite help the way his lips quirk up in a smile at Sherlock’s meticulous – and frankly morbid – planning. It’s just so
Special thanks again to Becca and Chels for being the best Betas and cheerleaders! This fic might not have happened without you.
John hastily moves out of Sherlock’s arms, but grabs his hand to move him away from the bright white stream of light shining directly towards them and pulls him in the general direction of the bar. They are
“It is,” John confirms. “It’s called a microscope. Muggles use it for what they call science, or chemistry. It allows you to see things you can’t detect with your eyes.” Sherlock quickly opens the box to take out the microscope, not saying a word and John feels dread pooling in his stomach. “I know you might not have much use for it in classes and such… I just thought – well since you enjoy deducing things, and those deductions require observations, I thought you might like something that allows you to observe more than what the eye can see.” He stumbles through his own logic, trying to explain why he’d thought this would be a good gift and Sherlock still doesn’t say anything, but John sees him adjusting the nobs to the microscope, now out of the box, pressing his right eye to the lens. He waits, lets Sherlock figure out the workings of the microscope. Maybe getting him a present from the muggle world was foolish, he should have thought of the fact that Sherlock probably thinks all things muggle related were rubbish or dull –
John let’s his lips ghost over Sherlock’s, just barely touching, sharing the same air, and lays the smallest of kisses to Sherlock’s mouth, slow and reverent. Last time he dove in headfirst, propelled forward by the brutal intensity of his body’s desire, but he takes his time now. He can’t remember the last time he’s ever kissed someone and felt the way he does now, and Sherlock deserves to know that, deserves to feel it in the way John touches him. John feels Sherlock shiver, and it encourages him to keep going, to follow his instincts and slow things down to reassure Sherlock. He should probably be using words to explain, but he’s overwhelmed by the enormity of what he feels right now, doesn’t know how any language could even come close to accurately describing what’s boiling inside him. John tilts his head to the side for better access and kisses Sherlock again, tantalizingly slow, worshipping his mouth. Sherlock kisses him back, his mouth moving under John with what feels like an equal amount of passion and sheer want, but he pulls away again after mere seconds. Sherlock’s eyes are still closed when John opens his to look at him, and his face looks pained.
“Alright,” John agrees, and Sherlock is still so flustered he doesn’t remember what John is agreeing to. “I’ll accept your help with potions,
The thought is like a tidal wave crashing over him, and he closes the remaining distance between them, touching his lips to Sherlock’s in a kiss as soft as his sweater. He drops his new jumper, lets it fall to the floor to free up his hands, his fingers itching to touch Sherlock’s curls. John pulls back to assess the situation, maybe talk things through to see how Sherlock feels about this development in their relationship but the fingers holding on to the back of John’s shirt tighten, fisting around the fabric and pulling him forward until he falls into Sherlock’s lap.
“John,” Sherlock sobs his name and his hips snap forward of their own accord, harder than he intended and he feels Sherlock’s body squeeze around him. His vision fills with white, the tight coil of need twisting at the base of his spine and for a second he worries about having hurt Sherlock, but his legs come up around John’s lower back, pushing him down and into him forcefully and something snaps inside him. John grabs hold of Sherlock’s hands with his own, pinning them above his head on the mattress, twining their fingers together and just… lets go. He thrusts into Sherlock, harder, rhythm be damned and just lets himself
He usually doesn’t care what others think of him, which is why he makes absolutely no effort to filter his thoughts, no matter how rude, he just says whatever he happens to be thinking. People would hate him anyway, so what was the point of mincing words?
“I saw her from the window. She’s a Slytherin. Obviously has gotten herself into some kind of trouble given the way she’s looked over her shoulder thrice in the span of fifteen seconds. She’s holding something in her hand, a note of some kind. She was frowning and scared. Someone’s threatened to hurt her, and she’s gone to the Ministry, but they aren’t taking the threat seriously.” John has long ago given up trying to follow Sherlock’s brilliant deductions, but he no longer questions them. Even after fifteen years of knowing him, it never gets old, and John is still just as awed by Sherlock’s mind.
Conflicted and lost in thought, John says nothing as he and Greg make their way up to the common room. Once they get there, John isn’t any clearer on the issue, but he’s resolved not to let his personal dilemma affect his time with Sherlock. Besides, Greg might be wrong about Sherlock staying at the castle over the break, he should really verify with him.
John smiles and turns away, as they both head to different classes in opposing parts of the castle. The tension in his body slowly ebbs away as John turns the corner and Sherlock recalls a lesson Mycroft has often repeated over the years, namely that sentiment is a chemical defect found in the losing side. Abiding by those rules has never been an issue for him in the past, but Sherlock suddenly realizes – given his own reactions and despite Mycroft’s many warnings – that he’s most probably doomed to develop sentiments for John Watson.
“I was,” John admits, his hand leaving Sherlock’s mouth to unbutton his own trousers and he shoves them down his legs roughly. “A little too much, that’s the problem. I didn’t want to…”
Everyone knows who Sherlock Holmes is: probably the most talented wizard Hogwarts has seen in years, excels in pretty much every course, a positively brilliant Ravenclaw, and honestly John is surprised average wizards like Anderson and Donovan managed to get the drop on him. But it seems his talent is also a curse and possibly why most of the school hates him, John suspects, out of pure jealousy. Then again, Sherlock’s sharp tongue also doesn’t help; he’s known for being cold and unforgiving.
John feels his knees go weak, his hands shake, and he fails to insert the key into the lock, missing the hole by a few millimetres.
“Just that you’re brilliant, everyone knows that.” He says it so matter-of-factly, like it’s something so common someone would say or think, it feels like John has physically struck him. Sure, Sherlock knows he’s brilliant, but no one else seems to think so or acknowledge it: mostly they think he’s an annoying wanker who likes to show off.
“Did you get it?” John asks, mostly to distract himself from how incredibly close Sherlock is and hopefully keep his body from reacting in an embarrassing way. It turns out that was a major miscalculation though, because Sherlock shifts to lock eyes with him at the question, their faces mere inches apart and then he smiles so bright, John feels like something inside him is melting, like he’d do anything to see that smile every single day. Mostly, he’s thinking about how he wants to catch that smile with his own, to taste the happiness and the thrill of the moment on Sherlock’s lips.
He hasn’t even made it to his full height yet before Sherlock’s mouth is on his, kissing him roughly, apparently not caring one bit about tasting himself on John’s tongue. John moans into the kiss, reaching up to tangle his fingers in Sherlock’s thick, messy curls, and god, there’s
Despite the darkness of the night and the poor lighting in the street, John can see Sherlock’s jaw clench and the bob of his adam’s apple as he swallows hard.
“We’re fine here, thanks,” John gives the man a tight smile, resisting the urge to politely tell him to bugger off.
John takes a few steps backwards, pulling Sherlock with him, and Sherlock seems absolutely unwilling to allow any amount of space between them. John has no idea how they actually make it up the stairs: they are a mess of tangled limbs, their mouths still ruthless, kissing with abandon. John very nearly falls on his ass as he walks backwards up the steps, but they manage to get there quite literally in one piece, as they refuse to separate for any length of time.
“What of tonight then?” Sherlock questions, moving to the side, his tongue darting out to swipe at John’s scar, paying special attention to the healed skin and John chokes on a moan. How is he supposed to think? He’s out of his mind, feels like he’s having some sort of out of body experience, although he’s paradoxically acutely aware of just how much his body is feeling right now. He feels like he’s been on the brink for ages, like he’s been edging for
someone, he’s not about to tell Greg that. He kind of wants to keep Sherlock all to himself for now, especially since he has no bloody clue whether or not Sherlock would even be interested in… anyone, least of all him. Yeah, probably best to keep things on the downlow for now.
not a good idea. “Alright, enough,” he tells Sherlock sternly, his Captain Watson voice automatically kicking in, dragging him back with him in what he hopes is the general direction of the pub’s exit even as Sherlock struggles, swinging his fists, apparently intent to fight a man over god knows what. Something about knowing ash?
“I should warn you, it takes several days to brew… We’ll need to meet up again a few times this week to check on them.”
“His?” Blonde-man asks, with a quirked eyebrow, looking between the two of them and shit. Right, if he and Sherlock are a couple, this would be
he says quickly, and Anderson’s wand flies out of his hand and into John’s before he even has the time to point it in John’s general direction. He knows he’s probably just made two enemies out of the pair, but he truly couldn’t be arsed to care.
instincts, John hastily corrects – kick in as he notices Sherlock shove a younger man who stumbles back into his group of friends. Not good. The man standing in front of Sherlock raises his fist, his body taking on a fighting stance, ready to throw a punch at any second. John jumps up from his seat and heads in Sherlock’s direction. He has no idea how Sherlock does it, not with so much alcohol coursing through his veins, but he manages to move back quickly enough to dodge the punch, and the man who took the swing goes crashing down into a nearby table.
“I’ve wanted this for a long time,” Sherlock admits, and John nearly laughs, because, god, if only he’d known.
“It wasn’t them I’m interested in,” Sherlock huffs out, sounding annoyed that he’s had to spell it out for John, but this only serves to confuse John further. Why would anyone signal their interest for someone in a bar if they weren’t interested in them at all? Unless, of course, it was to make someone else jealous, but John wasn’t-
At least his evaluations in Transfiguration, Charms, Herbology, and Defense Against the Dark Arts have been promising so far. If he can manage to bring up his Potions grades, then he’d have all he needs to become a Healer.
“Not badmouthing us now, are you, Holmes?” And John realizes he knows the Slytherins as well when the boy speaks, Donovan and Anderson, another pair of fifth years he usually does his best to steer clear of.
“Can’t,” Sherlock shakes his head at him, looking left and right across the street, a confused look crossing his features as though trying to remember where they are exactly. “Still got one more place to go,” he insists.
He twists open the small tube, coating his fingers with the slippery substance and reaches down between their bodies. Sherlock opens himself up to John, legs splaying wide on either side of John’s hips, and he thinks he might actually die if Sherlock keeps looking at him like that: eyes deep and blue and wanting and
“I was already up,” John shrugs, trying to downplay his excitement and Sherlock narrows his eyes at him, as though seeing right through the lie. John’s cheeks heat slightly but he’s glad when Sherlock says nothing about it and lets him in. Sherlock is also still wearing his sleep wear, a midnight blue bath robe wrapped around his long, lithe body and John pushes back the thought of what it might be like to untie the knot of the loosely tied belt at the front.
“I’m not interested in ‘anyone’,” Sherlock counters, and John’s eyes snap back to him, confusion written all over his face. When Sherlock doesn’t elaborate, John pushes further.
John’s reverie is abruptly cut short when a bright spotlight shines towards them, temporarily blinding him and he can hear wolf whistles thrown in their general direction. Had Sherlock planned this? Was this some sort of grand finale to the night? John’s turns his head towards Sherlock, taking in his equally stunned expression, his eyes squinting against the white light. Right, so not planned then.
He’s suddenly aware of the cab slowing down and coming to a stop and John nearly moans aloud in relief when he realizes that they’ve finally made it back to Baker Street. He hastily makes his way out of the cab, prays his legs won’t fail him and head’s straight for the door, not needing to confirm that Sherlock is right behind him.
“You going home for the break?” Greg asks him after their Transfiguration lecture has ended. The Christmas break is in two days and John has no intention of going home. He’s been dreading the holidays, contrary to everyone who all seem impatient to return home to their families and get a short time off from classes. It might be a long two weeks at Hogwarts alone until the other students return, but anything is better than going home to his parents drinking the holidays away. He’d made up his mind a few days ago when he’d received a howler from his Mum: despite the screaming accusations that he’d abandoned their family to attend school, he could hear her words had been slurred, could almost smell the alcohol on her breath even though she’d been nowhere near him. He’d been lucky the letter had arrived when he’d been alone in the Gryffindor dormitory, just moments before he’d left to meet with Sherlock. No one else needs to know how messed up his family is.
“John,” Sherlock breathes out his name and shit, that does nothing to help the raging erection he can’t seem to control. John continues kissing Sherlock’s neck, laving over the sharp ridge of his collarbone when Sherlock’s hands tighten at John’s back, only this time he’s pulling him away. “John, stop.”
, John has to fight back the sudden urge to wrap his arms around him in a tight hug. “Come on, up we go then,” John says resolutely, and he takes Sherlock’s hand – strictly for efficiency purposes, he reasons – to pull him towards the last pub on Sherlock’s mad list. Only he doesn’t drop Sherlock’s hand as they make their way towards their last stop, and he finds himself relishing in the warmth of Sherlock’s fingers around his own, the way short circuits of electricity fire through his veins stemming from every place their hands are connected, right from the very tips of his fingers and up the entire length of his arm.
It breaks John out of his trance and he finally looks down, his eyes landing straight on Sherlock’s hard length, solid and alluring, and John doesn’t wait a second longer, he inches forward and touches his tongue to the underside of Sherlock’s tip. He licks his way up, feels the wet fluid of Sherlock’s pre-come coating his tongue and Sherlock moans above him, his entire body going rigid against the door as he struggles to retain his composure.
His sentence is cut short when John brings his palm up to cup him through his pants, applying just the right amount of pressure to appease the growing need for friction he knows Sherlock must be desperate for. “I’m sure,” he says anyway, just to reassure Sherlock. He’s never been more sure of anything is his damn life. Sherlock’s hands are fisted at his side as John reaches up, unbuckling his belt and sliding it past the loops, letting it fall to the floor with a loud clatter as the metal hits the wooden floorboards.
“Yeah, that’d be great,” John agrees, appreciating that Sherlock seems to be focusing on things John will need for his O.W.L.s.
“I just didn’t think you’d…” John trails off because, well, Sherlock is very clearly interested in sex, John apparently just had no idea up until an hour ago. “Didn’t think you’d be prepared,” he finishes off lamely and Sherlock looks away, averting his eyes and shit, no he didn’t mean-
But just as John is about to lean forward, test the waters, Sherlock’s arms fall away from John’s sides, pulling away, leaving John feeling breathless, confused and just a tiny bit worked up.
“We are, yeah,” John confirms before Sherlock can say anything. He’s done this loads of times with female friends he’s gone out with, posing as their boyfriend to help get them out of unwanted situations where men were hitting on them. Sure, maybe he wasn’t fond of the idea of people assuming he and Sherlock were a couple when they first got here, but this is different: it’s to protect Sherlock. In any case, whether they are at a gay bar or not, people always seem to assume they’re together anyway, so he figures it’s not really that big of a deal. It’s the least he can do to help out his best friend.
Sherlock nods but makes no move to separate from John, in fact his hands squeeze John’s arse again and he hisses. John pulls away from Sherlock’s neck enough to meet his eyes.
John watches as Sherlock takes in the image on the box with a perplexed look on his face (it’s not a common expression for Sherlock and John finds that he enjoys his confusion immensely). “Is this some kind of muggle device?”
Thank you so much to everyone who read, left kudos, or left comments, you have no idea how much it means to me. I'd love to know what you thought of Part 2 ;)
“I didn’t take you for a Quidditch buff,” John comments, perplexed, because how else would Sherlock know anything about John’s scoring average compared to other teams’?
“So, what brings you to this… ‘interesting establishment’?” The other man questions, using Sherlock’s terms.
only if you do it because you really want to. Like you said, we’re even, there’s no obligation to pay me back or anything.”
most probably end up calling off his shift at the hospital: he doesn’t like to leave Sherlock to work alone on a case.
It turns out Greg is right, when John asks him about it that night, Sherlock confirms that both his parents and his brother work for the Ministry of Magic and that the holidays are an incredibly busy time for them. Sherlock doesn’t see the utility in going home to an empty house when he could stay at Hogwarts and continue his Potions experiments. When John tells him he’ll also be staying, Sherlock seems surprised (John relishes the moment, as it’s rare he can manage to intentionally surprise Sherlock) and rather pleased. John couldn’t be more thrilled. No matter what, spending two whole weeks with Sherlock with practically no one around will be fantastic.
“He’s one of the only students who’s stayed home for Christmas every year since we’ve started at Hogwarts. Hadn’t you noticed before?” Now that Greg mentions it, John does remember thinking it was odd Sherlock never seemed to go home over extended breaks, but they weren’t friends at the time and Sherlock hadn’t mentioned anything to him either. In all fairness, neither had John. “And don’t think I haven’t noticed how you look at him. I’m not completely daft, you know.”
“Knew where to look,” Sherlock shrugs likes it’s nothing, still smiling and it takes everything John has not to push up on the tips of his toes to brush a kiss over his mouth. Would Sherlock even want that? Is he interested at all? He seems to like hanging out with John, he was even the one to offer his help for Potions, but that doesn’t mean he’s interested in John in
“About leaving Mary?” Sherlock clarifies, meeting John’s eyes, in a guarded yet vulnerable way. John lifts a hand to brush one of Sherlock’s curls from his forehead, something he’s thought about doing too many times to count but had to hold himself back. He doesn’t have to anymore.
“Yeah,” Sherlock answers, though not necessarily aimed at John and spins on the spot, clearly still looking to pick a fight as he points a long, slim index finger in the general direction of the younger man he shoved back. “Ashtray,” he declares, his words slurring, body swaying a bit. “I know ashtray.” John hastily moves forward again before he can do any more damage, breaching the distance between them to shove Sherlock past the door so they hopefully make it out of there unscathed.
“Is that lube?” John asks, half relieved because he hadn’t thought about what exactly his demand entailed and half disbelieving because
“As it happens, I have something for you as well,” Sherlock says, titling his head towards the large, decorated Christmas tree near the fireplace and John notices a fairly thin, but long rectangular sized box under it. John looks up at him in surprise. He truly hadn’t expected Sherlock to get him anything.
Sherlock’s pupils are shot, eyes so dark John can barely see any of the remarkable shade of blue that never fails to stop people short. Unlike John, Sherlock is making no attempt whatsoever to hide the blatant desire he feels and unfortunately for John, the hard-on he’d worked so hard to subdue is now back with a raging vengeance, the look on Sherlock’s face, the way he seems to want to eat John alive goes straight to his groin, his abdomen physically contracting as his arousal heightens.
“What’s obvious is you’re running away from something and I want to know what it is,” John holds Sherlock’s hard stare, just as stubbornly unwilling to let this go as Sherlock is desperate to hide whatever it is he doesn’t want to tell him about.
jealous – when he’s the one getting married. “I don’t want them to make you uncomfortable,” he says instead, looking down to avoid seeing Sherlock’s reaction.
“Brilliant,” John says again, and Sherlock realizes, to his own horror, that he can feel the blood rising in his cheeks. “Thanks,” John adds kindly and Sherlock nods, looking away quickly, fearing that the blush may worsen. This is worse than he thought, or rather, the effect John Watson has on him is far worse than he’d thought. How is he supposed to concentrate on getting any answers when his body is intent on betraying him this way?
Surprised, John’s gaze swings over to Sherlock, and his heart stutters in his chest cavity when he finds Sherlock still looking at him with the same intensity as before. His mouth goes dry and he bites down on his bottom lip in an attempt to keep it together, to stop himself from doing something completely outrageous, something like pulling Sherlock roughly towards him and pressing their bodies together.
Either way, it makes Sherlock laugh along with him and soon enough they both find themselves giggling like a bunch of schoolgirls outside the pub.
John creeps around to the front, taking out his wand and his latest transfiguration lesson comes back to him. He should be able to transform a branch into a squirrel. That should do the trick, right? John pulls his wand out of his pocket and murmurs the spell, mentally patting himself on the back when he succeeds on the first try. He hears Fang bark from inside and Hagrid tell him to hush, but Fang continues to bark as the squirrel taunts him through the window.
? Does he want this as much as John, even after the bliss of release? Something sharp lodges itself inside John’s heart, squeezing tightly and it stops his lungs for a moment too.
“Only with you,” Sherlock nods, and it’s all John needs to hear. He knows they’ll be okay. Better than okay. That this is the best decision he’s ever made.
“Simple observations and deductions,” he downplays his abilities and John shakes his head, still smiling and unbelieving.
John smiles at him: he’d been hoping Sherlock would say that. Ever since Sherlock had mentioned how he’d raided Snapes closet, John had been thinking about how exciting it must have been, the thrill of sneaking around, stealing from Snape (he’d feel absolutely no guilt over that), and praying he wouldn’t get caught. It sounded like mad fun. “I’m in.”
They spend practically every waking moment together. Now that the rest of the school is gone, they can have meals together, and with no classes they have no reason to separate. John finds that he’s entirely okay with that and Sherlock doesn’t seem to mind either. They continue their potions experiments of course, and retrieve needed ingredients when necessary, but Sherlock sticks around when John needs to catch up on work from his other classes and John often observes as Sherlock tries out new, complicated spells neither of them need to know for their courses. They even go as far as sneaking each other into their respective common rooms. Visiting common rooms other than your own houses isn’t allowed but because there isn’t anyone around, they get away with it.
“Boys, you have a client,” John hears Mrs. Hudson, their landlady, a sweet Hufflepuff woman John has come to care greatly about, call from downstairs as the front door slams shut. The tea has just finished brewing and John flicks his wand in the direction of the kitchen where a tray with two hot cups of tea comes floating down towards the living room.
John revels in it, loves how close he is to making Sherlock lose all control and he’ll be damned if he doesn’t succeed in doing just that. His hands move up to brace Sherlock’s hips against the door and he takes the glans in his mouth, tongue swirling and then he sucks until Sherlock’s hips buck against his hands and he groans out John’s name.
He’s still got loads of time though, it’s before Christmas and if he spends enough time during his breaks going over the course material, he’s sure he can catch up.
“I like it, too. You know that. But I'm not flogging you after I'd stitched you up just hours earlier. We have to be a bit more careful.”
When he'd returned with the cup and a silver table spoon to their living room, John had indicated for him to resume his prior position.
He accepts a few private clients. Insurance fraud, blackmail, a rather curious case evolving around a stolen motor yacht (which even gets them out of town and down to Brighton overnight).
The last time Sherlock's been to the attic must have been when he was a kid, looking for a place to hide. It must have been more than twenty years ago. Therefore, he doesn't know that Mycroft had it converted into a space where he can indulge in his fantasies.
The pig whines and bucks before he climaxes as well, more come splattering onto the tiles. He's prolapsing, his bright red rose beautifully creamy white and wet.
John lets Sherlock rest for a moment while he gets the camping light and his backpack. Sitting next to Sherlock, he then disinfects the cuts and rubs soothing lotion onto Sherlock's legs, groin and face. Sherlock revels in the touch and lets the cool night air wash over him. When John's finished, he urges Sherlock to drink some water.
Sherlock gurgles, drools, chokes and gags. Tears run down his face. Yet he grabs John’s hips with both hands and urges him to go harder, deeper, to use him as he pleases. His nose bumps into John’s pubic bone and he can feel his wiry blond hair against his lips. Sherlock tries to suck as best as he can while his mouth is stuffed with cock, and it’s sloppy and uncoordinated but that just makes it hotter in John’s opinion.
Sherlock nods and squirms to acknowledge John's words. The plug brushes over his prostate and Sherlock almost jolts, throwing his head back in equal pleasure and agony. Pre-come dribbles down his shaft, soaking his crotch, trousers and pants and Sherlock nearly blacks out as John lowers his head and licks over the glans, just once. Sherlock rocks forward as far as possible but John's mouth is gone again.
Sherlock swallows, closes his eyes and dives into the come he's just brought up. Again; adding another layer of thick white beads coating his features.
Sherlock moans again. His cock has started to get hard at John's words, dripping precome onto the floor. John doesn't bother to give him even a few strokes, though, just arches an eyebrow and makes Sherlock lick up the salty, wet drops as well.
“Don’t you want to taste it?” John asks in return as he fumbles with his fly, a dark smile in his tone. It's a rhetorical question.
“Get over to the desk. I'm sure you remember the correct position from school.” Mycroft tells him, his voice firm, almost businesslike. Sherlock knew his brother would be good at this. His detached behaviour in the face of Sherlock's obvious arousal turns him even more on.
In the evening Sherlock is sitting at their kitchen table, bowed over his microscope, when John comes in from a walk. He's carrying three shopping bags from Tesco and just huffs in annoyance when realising that the whole table is occupied by Sherlock's equipment. He is forced to balance one bag on some papers piled high on a chair while setting the other two bags down on the counter. But there's just not enough space as John starts to put away the food, so eventually the bag on the chair slides down and apples spill across the floor, rolling in every direction.
One evening John tells him: “I love your wet hole. But, you know, that cock of yours, always caged, it's no use at all. So I've thought about telling Mycroft to take you to Thailand. They've great surgeons there. They could make a lovely tight pussy out of your cock. You could play with that all day; show us a proper wet cunt. Wouldn't that be nice?”
“You are insatiable, a true cock-slut. You seem to exist on come alone.” But John doesn't sound too put-out as he quickly unbuckles his trousers. His cock is already half-hard just from locking Sherlock in. As he's in a hurry, he just pushes his jeans far enough down to free his erection.
“Come on, they’re waiting for you.” John helps Sherlock up. He sways slightly in his arms, but steadies himself quickly. Walking him down the stairs is somehow like leading him to the gallows. Horrible premonitions flood John's mind like putrid molasses.
But he can't appreciate the sight for long. Toby carefully puts cooling ointment on the wounds before covering them with plaster stripes.
First, John inserts the tube of the catheter up Kate's urethra. Sherlock assist him in holding the lamp, while Sally still Kate's twisting hips. Afterwards, John cleans Kate's vagina with a disinfectant that has the woman hiss in pain.
“I'll run you a bath. That'll help. Just... get fully naked in the meantime.” He playfully swats Sherlock’s bare arse as he once again walks over to the bathroom.
Their usual games seem off the table at the moment, after what Sherlock has been through. So John has to come up with other ideas to take Sherlock apart and give him the chance to shut out peripheral influences. Sherlock's mind needs to be quieted. He'll have to focus to come up with a solution as to how they'll get his brother off their backs. John will have to deprive Sherlock of all distractions to free his mind and enable him to forge a plan that's clever enough to beat Mycroft Holmes.
John cuts a corner, skittering down a narrow lane. But this is fucking Amsterdam, full of fucking canals but nearly not enough fucking bridges to fucking cross them, so he quickly ends up facing a black iron railing. He can hear fast steps running after him, getting closer, and an eerily familiar voice calling his name, yet he doesn't stop. Instead, he turns left, sprinting along the canal in hope to escape this spectre from a past he desperately wants to forget but seems not allowed to.
“Would you like something to drink?” John asks softly and Sherlock nods again. To his absolute horror, however, John takes the glass with his own piss from the table, opens it and offers it to Sherlock. Sherlock flinches and tries to turn his face away but John grabs the back of his head and makes a dismissive sound.
But before he starts, John removes the bag and gives Sherlock the plug to suck on insted. He eagerly swallows it, tasting his own musk and John's come.
John feels a little nauseous. “And after them, hm? Will you parade your brother around another delegation, and another, and another? Until he’d had half the diplomatic corps up his arse? Offering him to every pervert in Whitehall just for the sake of the Commonwealth?”
“I'm so sorry for what these bastards did to you.” He whispers. Sherlock doesn't look up but pulls the blanket tighter around himself. “You're save now. Just try to sleep until we reach London.”
“Hm, ok, but I think we really need some lube for what I have in mind...,” John trails off as his left hand starts to stroke Sherlock's naked arse. When his deft fingers flick the base of the plug Sherlock’s hips stutter and he raises his arse even more, offering himself up.
But when John can feel cramps setting in in Sherlock's abdomen he stops wanking Sherlock and orders him to get over onto the toilet, leaving him alone so that he can remove the plug himself.
Now John is kneeling in front of his exposed arse, a burning red candle in his hand. He starts with dripping hot wax from some distance onto Sherlock's testicles and Sherlock can't suppress the high keening whines that escape his throat. He knows that the candle is still about ten inches away from his most delicate parts but it nevertheless already hurts like hell.
“More?” John asks, and Sherlock smiles eerily, getting on his hands and knees again, spreading his legs, pushing his arse up in the air.
There has been an irrevocable shift in their... partnership. Sherlock will not decide things alone anymore. John won't allow for scheming behind his back, a tactic Sherlock has been quite fond of in the past. In exchange, John will provide Sherlock with the kind of distraction he craves. John knows what Sherlock needs – it's not drugs, it's not even cases, it's being rescued from all-consuming, brain-wrecking boredom by way of sensation play. And John is very good at that.
Sherlock opens eagerly, guiding Mycroft's cock into his mouth as well, and sucks. He can only swallow their crowns as the angle is strange and the cascading water makes breathing difficult, but as Sherlock starts to swirl his tongue around both their cockheads, the two men above him moan in unison before continuing to lick into each other's mouths.
“I got you back from the dead, a second chance. Of course, I forgive you.” John once again feels a lump in his throat. The way Sherlock looks at him, so trusting, so full of adoration… how could he not forgive the bastard? He coughs to clear his throat. “But...”
He's tall, taller than Sherlock, bald, and strongly built, with broad shoulders and a thick neck bulging over the collar of his beige shirt. He carries a plastic container that seems to hold a fingerprinting kit as well as swaps for collecting DNA samples. Sherlock frowns.
Sherlock shrugs, carefully takes the laptop and goes first to his site, then to John's blog. Both are flooded with messages and comments, mostly from strangers, but there's also a question from Molly.
Sherlock is left kneeling on the floor, panting, his chest rising and falling rapidly. The scene is over and the group dissolves, leaving John to take care of him. He's drenched in piss, come and spit and must look a right filthy mess.
“Good, look at you.” John reaches out and twists Sherlock left nipple, hard, until Sherlock gasps. “You look like a well-fucked whore.” Sherlock's hand speeds up on his shaft as his eyes flutter shut.
that John was messing about, teasing him, not getting to the point. That had been another time John had noticed it, but he had been to busy granting Sherlock's wishes and finally acknowledging the around sex in front of him
The first time it happened, John had been living with Sherlock for three months. John had discovered that Sherlock was a surprisingly flexible and loose flatmate when it came to modesty, which was something he did not seem to have. He often walked around the flat in his robe and pjs and, one very very memorable time, in just the robe, half open, showing a lot of his chest and leg. However, John had never seen past the detective's elbows, a shirt always covering it or the sleeves rolled up and stopped at the elbows. Everything in between, sure, but that was it. John had never bothered to inquire why until they were at a crime scene.
falling off his lips as his head fell back again and his eyes slid shut, insistence out of his mind for then. Post coital glow did not provide any more chance for thinking nor did the sleep that seemed to rush upon him.
"I am." Sherlock states simply, continuing to unbutton his shirt without so much as batting an eyelid.
John smiled even though his knees ached. He had the detective exactly where he wanted him, squirming and begging. God it was a gorgeous sight. Normally he'd dive right into it, but he couldn't help trying to prolonge this state by teasing the wiggling man. He trailed his fingers softly over the man's lithe hips, kissed around his navel, put his attention on his thighs, anything but the pulsing arousel John was very aware of and was very purposfully avoiding.
"Sherlock-" John said. But he was so tired. He was tired of finding out that Sherlock wasn't above it all. That he was human after all. That he lied and deceived and hurt and bled and was just so
thank you very much. He just wants to make that clear. He is not gay. But he does have to admit that he moans and whimpers as Sherlock nibbles on his upper lip. Still not gay though. Just... confused and well, straight with an exception. A very handsome charismatic exception.
"It's not ethical for scientists to get involved with their subjects." John pouts slightly. "Then again, I've never been one to follow the rules well." And with that, Sherlock pulls off the goggles, tossing them hap-hazardly across the room, and scoops John up in his arms, kissing him again. By the time they finally enter the bedroom more articles of clothing have disappeared and more laughs exchanged.
Three tinny snippets into what John's sex life with Sherlock was light may not be enough to convey a pattern, but John had seen it too many times and was more than ready to talk to the man. They did love each other and had sex often enough, it shouldn't be awkward to talk about it, right? And now is always better then never, right?
Every time Sherlock comes up to him and says, takes the razors away, or don't let me go out, or I need a fix, distract me, it's a reminder to John that, ultimately, Sherlock is human. But no reminder is stronger than every day, when they wake up together, Sherlock'll whisper I love you. Every time they solve a case he says it. Every time they're having sex, he says it. Every time he just needs to say it, he says it. And every time Sherlock says it, John says it back.
"Hmmm... subject's starting to flush, pupil's dilated." Sherlock moves to cup John through his pants. "Sex semi-erect, subject's showing classic signs of arousel." John, who was confused at first, is laughing.
John, normally prestine golden locks stuck to his forehead, head thrown back in pleasure, hands gripping dark curls, couldn't help but think about how much he bloody loved the man beneath him. He, for the first time that night since Sherlock'd put his mouth to use, opens his eyes and brings his head forward to admire the bobbing head that was the great detective. John's hands softened, fiddling with the detective's surprisingly soft curls.
Sherlock, with the aid of an eye dropper, added some chemicals to what looked suspiciously like human eyes, John couldn't be sure from this angle. Sherlock looked up.
Sherlock exclaims as John finds it as probes it, messaging it till Sherlock comes with an accidental brush from John's hand. It's unexpected, and totally caused by the new actions. Sherlock, once he comes down from the high, stares at John, a mix of horror and pleasure in his eyes.
They'd been dating for two weeks - John had finally realized that maybe he did like Sherlock after he'd kissed Sherlock from an adrenaline high - and they had stumbled into bed together. They'd had the "talk" - you know, lube, condoms, comforts, discomforts(this conversation
"Hey, Sherlock?" John asked, looking up from his morning paper - which, by reading it this late could technically be classified as the evening paper - and over to Sherlock was preforming yet another experiment in the kitchen. Sherlock hums, his indication for
John smiled up at the gorgeous sight above him. Honestly, if he had to chose only one memory to keep forever, it might be this. The esteemed detective, Mr. Sherlock Holmes if you please, whining and fidgeting above him as he rode his cock. It was honestly gorgeous to watch the detective falter as the angle changed and his cock had hit the detective's prostate. Sherlock had let out a rather wanton moan and wiggled, trying to replicated the stroke over and over again so that John's cock'd hit his prostate head on each time. Sherlock was whimpering and cooing - if that's the right word - as wave after wave of pleasure crested over him. John, who had been letting Sherlock take the lead, smiled up at him even started laughing a bit. Sherlock had opened his eyes, brow furrowed in mild confusion, then, still riding him, smacked John lightly on the chest.
John smiled even though his knees ached. He had the detective exactly where he wanted him, squirming and begging. God it was a gorgeous sight. Normally he'd dive right into it, but he couldn't help trying to prolonge this state by teasing the wiggling man. He trailed his fingers softly over the man's lithe hips, kissed around his navel, put his attention on his thighs, anything but the pulsing arousel John was very aware of and was very purposfully avoiding.
"If you want to have sex you just have to ask, no reason to look so nervous." John let out his laugh, the one he always let out when he was uncomforble.
The detective growled. John laughed but looking up he realized that the detective wasn't just annoyed because he was so impatient, no he was actually
was one of them) - in which Sherlock had admitted that, no, he had never had sex. Of any form, including masturbation.
John smiles a little. He wasn't going to say it back. Not yet anyway, that'll be in a month. No, he's smiling because Sherlock can love. And that he loves him. But, at that moment, he'd rather pull of his jumper and continue with whatever was going on. They certainly talk about this.
"Oh it was more than that, you and I both know that. That was a gambling on fights kind of club, Sherlock. You could easily, "Improve your skills" at a gym with willing none injury participants."
"Step too far." Sherlock says, humming in agreement. John laughs, gets up and brushes his teeth, then wets a towel and wipes them both clean, slipping into bed next to Sherlock.
"Oh, I am very interested in this right now." Sherlock says, pressing kisses down John's jawline. John whimpers again, noises he's sure to deny later, and his head falls against the door with a dull thud. They ignore it. They've gotten to the phase where clothes are coming off and they are actually moving toward a bedroom - because, seriously, they are way to old to do this on the living room floor - when John has to make it known again.
"We could, or we could wait-" Sherlock grins as he realizes what John's proposing, "another twenty minutes, finish what we started."
"I need something, anything, to use as a tourniquet!" John had screamed, to busy pressing down on the wound to remove one of his own clothing. Sherlock then, normally, would have given him his scarf, but it was the middle of summer and one of the actually really hot days, so hadn't worn one. He'd ripped off his shirt instead, handing it to John, who promptly wrapped up the wound. It wasn't until they were talking to Lestrade that John had looked at Sherlock. A tad bit too long at his chest - which was, surprisingly, muscled - before sweeping his eyes farther. John noticed it, then glanced at Lestrade who'd paused in his talking, staring at it too, before clearing his throat and continuing. If Sherlock had noticed, which he definitely had, he didn't mention it.
"It's not ethical for scientists to get involved with their subjects." John pouts slightly. "Then again, I've never been one to follow the rules well." And with that, Sherlock pulls off the goggles, tossing them hap-hazardly across the room, and scoops John up in his arms, kissing him again. By the time they finally enter the bedroom more articles of clothing have disappeared and more laughs exchanged.
was one of them) - in which Sherlock had admitted that, no, he had never had sex. Of any form, including masturbation.
dripped sarcastically off his actions. John was, admittedly, very confused, but he couldn't put his mind to ponder it further as the younger man slid his tongue in a way that he knew drove the former soldier insane. John had groaned, hands gripping tighter again, mutters of
They'd been dating for two weeks - John had finally realized that maybe he did like Sherlock after he'd kissed Sherlock from an adrenaline high - and they had stumbled into bed together. They'd had the "talk" - you know, lube, condoms, comforts, discomforts(this conversation
"And anyway," John raises a come covered hand, indicative that he'd been taking care of himself, "It got me off pretty quickly too." And John licked a strip off of his hand causing Sherlock to give him a look of disgust, melting into laughter. John leans forward for a kiss, but Sherlock pushes him away.
that John was messing about, teasing him, not getting to the point. That had been another time John had noticed it, but he had been to busy granting Sherlock's wishes and finally acknowledging the around sex in front of him
Sherlock exclaims as John finds it as probes it, messaging it till Sherlock comes with an accidental brush from John's hand. It's unexpected, and totally caused by the new actions. Sherlock, once he comes down from the high, stares at John, a mix of horror and pleasure in his eyes.
"That sounds great." Sherlock says, kissing John leisurely, eventually sliding his hand down farther, farther, farther...
"Hey, Sherlock?" John asked, looking up from his morning paper - which, by reading it this late could technically be classified as the evening paper - and over to Sherlock was preforming yet another experiment in the kitchen. Sherlock hums, his indication for
John knew that Sherlock was a junkie. He had actually grown to accept and live with that fact. However, it had taken 6 months of living with Sherlock to actually observe Sherlock really high. John hadn't wanted to believe that Sherlock was hooked on drugs. He didn't, not until he'd seen Sherlock on them. Until then it was rumors, words, whispers. Things John didn't believe. He didn't even believe the subject of those rumors of himself. There was a part of him, a very very childish part of him, that hung, clung, onto the hope that this wasn't Sherlock. That Sherlock was better than that.  However, you can't deny physical evidence, and seeing Sherlock high definitely counted as evidence. And here he was, the next day, standing above a sober Sherlock. One who didn't face him because he knew that he'd upset John.
"John, wh- OH!" John had never done this before, but he was going off of feel. He licked around Sherlock's spasiming hole, coaxing it to relax with it's gentle ministration until it was relaxed enough for John to shove his tongue in some. "GOD!" Sherlock grunts and whimpers and moans, squirming and begging begging begging, a desperation John's never seen before. "This is sooo unhygien- uh- unhygienic." In response, John slides a finger in beside his tongue, probing around the velvety tight walls, searching for the spot he knows his going to drive Sherlock insane. "
"Ha, no. Um, well, I'd love that, but first... You know that sex can be fun, right Sherlock?" Sherlock gave him a look. "It doesn't always have to be about the end result, it can just be about two people enjoying themselves."
"Your goggles look great." He said, smiling carelessly. Sherlock makes a move to take them off, but, remembering John's words, decides to take a different angle than normal. He slides them fully over his eyes, while previously they had been resting on his forehead. Then, goggle in position, he slid off John's jumper.
"It's not exactly a theory, but sure." John manages to mutter before their lips crash together. Kissing was good, as usual. Sherlock was an amazing to kisser, the type where you could kiss him for hours and be content. Of course, John could never be content with just that once Sherlock's hips started to grind against his own. Finally being forced to pull away, half from lack of oxygen, half front the desire to move to a bed - they were way to old to have sex on the floor or table or, hell, a couch - and John laughed.
"John, wh- OH!" John had never done this before, but he was going off of feel. He licked around Sherlock's spasiming hole, coaxing it to relax with it's gentle ministration until it was relaxed enough for John to shove his tongue in some. "GOD!" Sherlock grunts and whimpers and moans, squirming and begging begging begging, a desperation John's never seen before. "This is sooo unhygien- uh- unhygienic." In response, John slides a finger in beside his tongue, probing around the velvety tight walls, searching for the spot he knows his going to drive Sherlock insane. "
John, normally prestine golden locks stuck to his forehead, head thrown back in pleasure, hands gripping dark curls, couldn't help but think about how much he bloody loved the man beneath him. He, for the first time that night since Sherlock'd put his mouth to use, opens his eyes and brings his head forward to admire the bobbing head that was the great detective. John's hands softened, fiddling with the detective's surprisingly soft curls.
Sherlock, with the aid of an eye dropper, added some chemicals to what looked suspiciously like human eyes, John couldn't be sure from this angle. Sherlock looked up.
"Can I see your arm?" Sherlock, for the first time in John's memory, looked like he embarrassed. He glared, but slid the shirt off. John touched them, gently. Sherlock glared spitefully for a moment, before turning his head away, tears forming. "Does My-"
"You wanna top or bottom today?" John asked, pullling out the lube. No condoms after they'd had testing done. Sherlock widened his legs in silent answer and John dipped between them. Then, as he stared at the amazing sight before him, he forgot about the lube, tossing it on the bed next to him.
"Hmmm... subject's starting to flush, pupil's dilated." Sherlock moves to cup John through his pants. "Sex semi-erect, subject's showing classic signs of arousel." John, who was confused at first, is laughing.
"Fight club." Sherlock responded easily, an air of aloofness about him. "I go every now and then to keep my skills sharp for a chase." John laughed bitterly.
"If you want to have sex you just have to ask, no reason to look so nervous." John let out his laugh, the one he always let out when he was uncomforble.
"You just look so amazing." Sherlock just raised a brow and continued on his plight, soon aided by John's hands on his thighs, guiding him. John didn't laugh again.
"How can you be so sure? I love being a doctor but I loved the danger and pain of being a soldier too." Sherlock didn't look surprised at that. He just stayed quiet, looking away. "You know you can always talk-" John cut off because Sherlock had walked away. They never talked about that again either.
"We could, or we could wait-" Sherlock grins as he realizes what John's proposing, "another twenty minutes, finish what we started."
"I couldn't help but notice that..." Sherlock growled. The growl at an incomplete sentence, incomplete thought. He hated it when people cut off, because then he was left guessing at their emotions, which he was never good at.
"Your goggles look great." He said, smiling carelessly. Sherlock makes a move to take them off, but, remembering John's words, decides to take a different angle than normal. He slides them fully over his eyes, while previously they had been resting on his forehead. Then, goggle in position, he slid off John's jumper.
The last time Sherlock was human was when John had been living with him for a year and 2 months. I had been when he admitted to John there was a problem. And that they finally talked again about the cutting and the fighting and the drugs. When Sherlock came up to him and said, not I need, but I want, help.
"Love. You. I'm saying those two phrases with honesty." John opens his mouth and closes it a few times. "You don't have to say it back. Now or ever, just thought you'd ought to know."
"I love you, John, okay?" John stops whatever the hell he was doing because it doesn't matter anymore.
"Ha, no. Um, well, I'd love that, but first... You know that sex can be fun, right Sherlock?" Sherlock gave him a look. "It doesn't always have to be about the end result, it can just be about two people enjoying themselves."
It was maybe 5 months into living with Sherlock that John started to really pay attention to the detective's sporadic schedule. What John figured out was that once every two weeks, Sherlock would leave the apartment suddenly, saying he was going out for research, and came back slightly scraped up. John, finally fed up with the mystery, followed him one day. John, 10 minutes after Sherlock, entered a building Sherlock had gone into. It seemed to be a hot spot, several people going in an out, secretively, money in their pockets. John slid in, after a little flash of some cash at the bouncer, and was shocked at what he saw. Sherlock, in the middle of a ring, at least half a hundred people around the ring cheering as Sherlock faced off against another guy. Sherlock's shirt was off, sweat and grim already starting to form as ducked and punched the guy in front of him. 10 minutes later it was over, the opponent on the ground, possibly blacked out. A lot of the people were cheering, some near the front saying things like, "I knew I could count on you." and "I'm glad you were here tonight." Seemed like Sherlock was a regular. A regular winner too. John saw red and, even though it was technically none of his business, he pushed his way to the ring.
They aren’t friends. Sherlock doesn’t have friends, Donovan and Anderson had been right about that. Why would he when the rest of the student population here were idiots anyway? He doesn’t bother with friends or with anyone else. All he’s been focused on is passing his O.W.Ls and N.E.W.Ts so he could finally do something less tedious and take up work as a Consulting Auror.
The blonde man finally takes the hint, a scowl etched across his face at Sherlock’s blatant dismissal, downs his drink in one long swig and turns his back to them, walking away in the opposite direction. John glares at his back for a few seconds, watching as he disappears into the thick crowd of people, but he’s soon distracted by the enticing smell of Sherlock’s hair, clean and familiar. He’s suddenly reminded of how close they are. Sherlock’s back is completely plastered to John’s front, their fingers intertwined on Sherlock’s waist and John’s nose is brushing behind Sherlock’s right ear. John breathes in and even in the middle of a bar where the smell of beer is so prominent, his senses are hyper aware of Sherlock’s distinct aroma, his musky shampoo and that prestigious aftershave he dabs onto his neck and cheeks.
John tears his eyes away from the blonde man and looks back towards Sherlock. His shoulders are tense, his back stiff and John realizes he’s probably uncomfortable, doesn’t know how to deal with flirting or unwanted propositions. John doesn’t think it through, just reacts out of pure instinct as he wraps his arms around Sherlock’s waist and puts his mouth close to his ear in a clear show of possession. He feels Sherlock’s body tense, but he relaxes when he realizes it’s John who’s entered his personal space.
“Hello,” Sherlock nods back at him and John thinks he sees a smile at the corner of his mouth, but that may just be wishful thinking. God, he’s a rightful mess. “I was thinking we could try our hand at brewing a Strengthening Solution,” Sherlock suggests. “It’s likely the next thing on Snapes curriculum and I’ve estimated there’s an eighty seven percent chance of this being part of our Potions O.W.L. examinations.”
Does John want something from him? It would have seemed like the most likely conclusion, only John hasn’t asked anything of him as of yet. He’d asked for no favor in return for helping Sherlock out that day in the courtyard. He could have approached Sherlock to ask for anything since then, but he hasn’t. Even now, John hasn’t so much as asked for help with his Draught of Peace potion, though he probably knows Sherlock is the best in their class and John could have used the help. Maybe that’s why Sherlock feels compelled to do so.
Sherlock inhales deeply, his nose still at the side of John’s throat, very evidently smelling him and John thinks he’s never been so turned on in his entire fucking life. The hard press of Sherlock’s erection pokes against the small of John’s back, the evidence of Sherlock’s desire for him making him whimper and grow impossibly harder in his own trousers, but it’s the push he needs to finally succeed in unlocking the door. They practically tumble inside, John’s body having been almost wholly held up by the door, but Sherlock’s reflexes are quick and he catches him before he can make an utter fool of himself and fall face flat on the floor of their foyer.
When John’s brain comes back online he surges for Sherlock, meeting his lips in a possessive kiss, taking and taking everything Sherlock is willing to give, pulling him down with him until both of them hit the mattress, John on his back and Sherlock kneeling over him, a tangle of limbs as they make their way up the bed. “
“I want to,” Sherlock assures him, perhaps even a little too fast, betraying his eagerness to see more of John.
John grins and chooses that moment to spin around the corner, his wand ready, pointing it right at Donovan who he knows is a better witch than Anderson and shouts “
hitting on you. I was trying to be subtle about it, but you saw right through me. Course, back then, I had no idea what you’d come to mean to me. You’d already turned me down once, and I didn’t want to risk losing you as a friend, so I tried to shut it all off, to tell myself I didn’t want you that way. And I shut down anyone else who tried to imply that we were anything other than friends because I couldn’t handle them pointing to what I thought I couldn’t have, what I thought you didn’t want. It was a protective mechanism, Sherlock. A shitty one, I’ll give you that, but I… I didn’t mean it.” John exhales a long breath, his shoulders feeling lighter now that he’s freed the words from his chest. He waits for Sherlock to speak, feeling vulnerable and bare, but filled with hope.
“You can never know for sure with Holmes, but for starters, I’m certain he would have told you to bugger off already if he didn’t like you. That, and he doesn’t seem keen to insult you too much, which he does with absolutely everybody else. All good signs, really.” John huffs and rolls his eyes.
John feels Sherlock’s hands rise up and fist in the back of his coat, holding him closer and John’s own hands move from Sherlock’s coat collar to thread his fingers in Sherlock’s curls, his mouth opening to deepen the kiss and seek out Sherlock’s tongue. A muffled moan escapes Sherlock as their tongues meet, deep and rich and it’s just about the most sensual sound John has ever heard in his entire life. Arrows of heat shoot through him, and the thought of hearing Sherlock make that desperate little sound again spurs him on as he walks them both backwards into the narrow alley behind them, their mouths never separating. Sherlock’s back hits the brick wall and they both gasp as John’s hips collide with his, the friction sending frissons of pleasure up John’s spine. He can feel Sherlock’s erection pressing against his stomach and he doesn’t have it in him to resist, lets his body undulate forwards, rubbing against Sherlock and
They stay like that for a while, sweaty and tangled up, just breathing each other in. When the haze of pleasure starts to lift, John doesn’t panic, but the worry starts to set in. What is Sherlock thinking? Did he really mean it about
“Can’t, I’ve got to go study for Potions.” John makes a sharp turn to the right, purposefully evading Greg, and again, technically it’s not a lie, it’s just not the whole truth either, because the feeling taking flight in John’s stomach has nothing to do with practicing potions and all to do with the person he’s meeting. As far as John’s concerned, the fact that he isn’t doing great in Potions and that Sherlock is a genius at it just so happens to be perfectly convenient, a great excuse for them to meet up without people asking too many questions.
“Much more fun letting you think you’re getting away with it,” Sherlock answers, and John can see he’s hiding a grin behind his glass as he holds it up and takes a long sip. Bastard. But John laughs in spite of himself. Sherlock’s brilliant mind never ceases to amaze or surprise him. John shakes his head at Sherlock, still smiling and turns back towards the bar, grabbing his own beer. He nurses his drink, but his eyes dart up to the stage, curiosity getting the better of him. Three men wearing firemen outfits – well, only the hat and trousers of the uniform remain on at this point – dancing against one another, undulating their hips and the crowd is cheering them on. John has to admit, they are putting on a good show. He’s always thought of himself as straight, always naturally gravitating towards women as sexual partners, but… well he can’t say these men aren’t attractive. Hell, he’s been in the army, he’s seen attractive men before, knows that many of them relied on each other for release there too. But most of the time, that was about survival, about the surge of adrenaline coursing through your veins after a particular close call with death.
He is so unbelievably screwed. He’s out here, on his stag night, preparing to get married to someone else and his body is decidedly betraying him, solely focused on his best friend. Fantastic.
me, did you?” John starts walking them backwards, towards the general direction of Sherlock’s bedroom, stumbling a bit because they both refuse to allow more than a foot of space between them, but he’s smiling because Sherlock basically just admitted to getting drunk because John kept touching him.
“You nervous about the O.W.Ls?” John asks as he adds powdered moonstone to his cauldron, pulling Sherlock out of his thoughts.
him to be surprised by the statement: Sherlock doesn’t thank anyone, for anything, ever. But he just thanked John and his insides are taking that as an excuse to execute all kinds of somersaults.
Not much manages to capture his attention these days, nothing, apparently, except for John. Which is why Sherlock finds himself in an exceptionally good mood heading down to the dungeons for his potions class this afternoon. Ravenclaw has double potions with the Gryffindors this year and usually, that would annoy him: he truly doesn’t see the advantage of pairing up more stupid people in one room. But for three weeks, this has been the one time he’s known with absolute certainty he’d get to see John. They don’t sit together, but at least Sherlock gets to observe him for a full two hours, taking in as much as he can. He’d followed John around one week, it had been fairly easy to deduce and memorize his weekly timetable and thankfully John had remained oblivious. Apparently though, that wasn’t enough because Sherlock still doesn’t have any answers.
“How could you possibly know that?” John asks incredulously, but he’s secretly holding out hope Greg will have a rational explanation he can hold onto, he wants so badly to have proof his feelings are reciprocal.
John packs up his books, forces himself to wake up after nearly having fallen asleep in Divination and quickly heads to the door, walking hurriedly down the stairs of the Astronomy tower to avoid getting cornered by Professor Trelawny. He’ll likely be beating himself up for choosing Divination as one of his elective courses for the rest of the year – the whole thing is complete rubbish – but it was the only lecture that didn’t interfere with Quidditch practice. It’s tight though, so he does need to hurry if he wants to make it to the pitch on time.
and at the sound of Sherlock’s voice he feels like his body has been shoved off a cliff towards oblivion, burning spikes of pleasure stabbing through him as he comes, buried deep inside Sherlock, his entire body singing, every inch of his skin rippling in release. John feels Sherlock bite down on his neck, hard enough to leave a mark, his body clenching around John’s, fingers gripping him tightly as he holds on and then a jet of fluid hits John’s sternum as Sherlock finds his own release.
to know. Sherlock looks away, hands stuck in his coat pockets and he looks like he would rather be anywhere but here.
They scurry the rest of the way down and crouch against the thick stones of Hagrid’s home, Sherlock peering through the window. “You’ll have to distract Fang,” Sherlock instructs. “If you can get him to bark at the front door, Hagrid should be distracted enough, I should have time to sneak in through the back.”
“John, I...”, Sherlock turns and looks over at John, uncertain, tired, wary. “I don't think I want to do this right now.”
The next five blows hit Sherlock in a quick succession. His voice has become hoarse as he utters higher and higher numbers. Yet he stays in place, sacrificing his body for John's pleasure. They are joined by pain, one inflicting it, the other one receiving it.
They decide that, as Sherlock is unable to endure feeding like this, other measures have to be taken.
John takes something from his backpack and crouches down in front Sherlock's suspended body. Sherlock can hear him fumble a little and braces himself for what's to come.
As the waves of pleasure ebb, Sherlock is not able to even sit up any more and slumps down into the mess on the linoleum, lying on his side, his chest heaving as he's trying to get his breath back. With one weak hand, he continues to rubs the piss all over his body, his face, and the smell of it, the feeling of urine and come dripping from his hair is the last thing he remembers before he literally passes out.
In the evening, John has Sherlock fuck himself on a dildo almost four inch in diameter. He's still wearing the spider gag, saliva dripping from his abused mouth. Sherlock can't protest, being gagged like this, and wouldn't anyway. John enjoys pushing his fingers inside the wet orifice of Sherlock's oral cavity. The noises Sherlock makes are a delightful mixture of needy whimpers and painful grunts while sweat runs down his strained spine. John only allows him to stop after his third orgasm is wrought from his exhausted body and he's nearly collapsing on the living room floor, boneless and totally spent.
“I pushed it inside me yesterday, just after I wrote the text to you. I wanted you so badly.” Sherlock confesses. “It took some time. It's big, John, just as you like it. Since I left London, I had just fingered myself, thinking of you. I took pictures, to show you how much I missed you. I nearly did send them to you. But I couldn't. You had to believe I was dead...” Sherlock whispers dreamily until he falls silent, unsure if he gave too much away.
Mycroft shakes his head and takes another piece of the Victorian sponge on offer. His gaze wanders over to the mantle where a picture of his younger brother stands on full display, a black ribbon draped over its frame. It's the image that has also been used in the official obituary, having been taken two years ago when Sherlock had launched his website.
Sherlock can feel Irene rub something bold and firm over his anus and it takes him a few seconds to grasp that it's the handle of the riding crop. It slips inside him rather easily – he's by now nicely stretched and lubricated – and Irene is met with no resistance as she pumps the handle in and out of him. To his own embarrassment Sherlock starts to get hard. He still holds himself open and even arches his back a little for Irene to push deeper. Suddenly, she hits a spot inside him and he gasps and almost jerks off the table.
“Quick shower for you. Better take a cold one. Then get dressed. There's been a murder at Miss Adler's establishment.” John cups Sherlock's chin in his palm. “We'll finish this later.” He promises, as his thumb swipes through the saliva coating Sherlock's face.
Eventually, he must have fallen asleep again (or did he just zone out?) because the next thing Sherlock knows is that he is roughly manhandled and rolled onto his stomach. The cold piss starts to slosh around again, and Sherlock nearly loses it as he can feel it running over his skin inside the bag, rivulets seeping over his arms and legs, drenching his groin and chest as he comes to lie on his front.
“Please, don't...”, Sherlock begs in a thin voice, and is actually relieved when he can feel a cold dollop of spit hit his hole. Still, the third finger pushing in hurts so much that Sherlock temporarily can't breath.
Sherlock opens his eyes. His irises are nearly black, his pupils only encircled by a small ring of silver-grey.
That evening, John makes use of Sherlock's newly acquired talent by fucking his throat. “We could extract all your teeth, Sherlock, transform your lovely mouth into a slippery hole, made to suck cock. You'd just be a gorge, to be used as we please.” Sherlock moans around John as he licks and laps, opening up his throat to take even more of him. He gets rather turned on by such dark ideas and is sure that this should somehow bother him. But it doesn't. It makes his cock leak and throb instead. John knows this and smiles.
The taxi ride is somewhat tense. Well, no wonder... their session has been interrupted but Sherlock is still plugged and open, reminding him of his place, anchoring him somewhere in subspace. Yet, he has to concentrate on a case. It's difficult.
John's face comes into view then, his chin still glistening with saliva. Sherlock reaches out and brushes his fingertips over John's swollen lips that had just been sucking on his anus moments ago.
His exhausted body can't hold anything back. The characteristic smell of rotten food fills the room as two litres of digested nutriments just squirt out of him – he's been forced to hold it for four hours! Sherlock is weeping again, but now with relief.
When John comes back after an hour strolling through Regents Park, Sherlock is sitting on the couch, smoking, shouting into his phone again – at least in English this time. John would normally chastise him, but at the moment he's acutely aware that Sherlock needs this small pleasure to take the edge of things; so John let's him be.
Sherlock's new position has him grab the man's waist, thereby raising his own arse in the air. He can hear the crowd that has gathered again around them gasp as he fully exposes his open hole for everyone to see. He feels the stretch by now. He's been wearing this toy for far too long and it's getting difficult. It's almost too much to bear, like being split open. He feels vulnerable, humiliated, and truly fears he might make a mess. Not that anyone around would mind. But that's something he'll draw a line. He's sure John wouldn't push him past this limit either.
But John still wants more. His right hand slides slowly down Sherlock's body, until it comes to rest just beneath his navel. As he clenches, then unclenches his fist inside Sherlock, turning it, he can feel it moving deep inside his lover's body, beneath taught muscles and damp skin.
“I waited for this a long time, little brother. I don't want to rush it.” Mycroft whispers, his voice hoarse with pent-up excitement.
Sherlock and John watch as Acri rains a row of well-placed blows right onto the protruding red intestine. It must hurt like hell, for the man winces, groans and sobs, but doesn't move away. After about ten strokes his arms give out. Acri stops.
“Can I have a spoon, please?” Sherlock asks after a while because his fingers are getting too slippery to wring the last drops from the latex.
The airport never sleeps. Even at this early hour there are large crowds flocking inside the terminals. It's simple to locate a car rental and obtain an unassuming Ford Focus. John has to pay with his credit card for insurance reasons, but Mycroft will probably access the CCTV footage anyway and find out soon enough what John has done. That doesn't mean John has to make it easy. Upon leaving the terminal to pick up his rental car, John discreetly puts his phone on a table at Starbucks. He gets a burner phone and a new SIM card at SIM Local instead.
Sherlock’s ensnared in this strait black cocoon, held tight, unable to move except for a slight wriggle.
“And yet you have a mutual friend and are invited to his party.” It’s not a question. Mondigliani fixes him with a cold stare. Sherlock stares back, his face blank. “Anyway, any quarrels you witnessed?”
“They don't have proper food here anyway. Just this dark bread that reminds me of bricks, and sausages, and Müsli...” Sherlock sounds truly disgusted as he names what to him are German culinary atrocities.
