Castiel hums in approval, as if he was waiting just for that. He grabs Dean’s hips, lifts him and begins to pound into him mercilessly, rough and fast, exactly like it was suggested. From there, it doesn’t take very long until any semblance of control is lost to Dean and he’s clawing at Cas’s back and whimpering, whether in pain or in pleasure he doesn’t even know. The heat begins to build up and well inside of him as Castiel’s thrusts become erratic. It’s not a symphony of movements anymore, it’s a cacophony of sensual noise and it grows and grows until it becomes the overwhelming sound of static.
That’s not even how you answer ‘why’ questions, for fuck’s sake.
“Please don’t call me that,” she asks. “That’s not even my real name.”
So even though he wants to be deaf, he can’t. Inconspicuously, he lifts his hand to take a strand of hair away from his face and deliberately lets it rest on his stomach when the task is done. He tries to think
Castiel does, which is a fucking miracle. He reaches out to the bed stand, from which he takes a glass of water and a piece of pie on a plate. Apple, probably. So much for a choice, again. Another nice item to add to the worryingly long list of things he now hates because they scream Cas too much. List includes: flowers, boobs, breathing, weddings, intimacy, seasides, existing, and Cas. Also, apple pie.
And this is what he doesn’t want to live through – because the worst way to die is when you die in someone’s heart.
“Dean,” Castiel whines, impatient and bordering on despaired.
“Nothing he didn’t agree on, baby doll. He was just tired. I let him sleep.”
“Your part?” Castiel prods.
Well, offense away, bitch. That’s the whole point.
“You’ll really like it.”
Dean releases the strain he’s been holding, but his body goes numb instead of feeling relaxed. “Fucking hurts me!” he yells to nobody in particular as he kicks the poor stool by the dressing table.
“Or at least come back to him.”
“I had to dig myself out of my own grave, Cas. Thanks for nothing, by the way.”
. But he blinks and he blinks and nothing like that happens. Still, it’s eerie and afterwards the world seems a little bit more godless. Everything speaks godless and lost in Dean’s eyes, even though he tries to hide it. Dean abandons his arm. Shrugs. For a second it all is normal.
At the same time he’s extremely busy pretending the scissors do not exist. While he’s still staring directly at them.
All forgiving.
“Sam,” Cas tells him and the wavering in his voice informs Dean that it’s not entirely true.
Both of them regard the scissors with pity.
As predicted, a change of scenery occurs at some point. Fluid in the way only not-reality shifts, making it impossible to tackle the exact moment it takes place. It just happens, leaving Castiel with the After. No sign of the Before, he notices upon turning back. There are, however, some shared qualities. Like the fresh air, perhaps even too crisp for normality; like the call of broken sorrow; like his surroundings imitating life. From the outside, the town resembles things that are painted on hospital walls on children’s wards: poor and most likely accidental remixes of van Gogh, hopefully with lots of heart put into them. What Dean put into this - he has no idea. As if in a reaction to the unspoken question, the soul strikes with an answer. For a brief moment, makes him experience fear. But doesn’t elaborate on the why, even though Castiel tries to ask. Accepting that the answer is denied, he concentrates on the call again, on what he longs for so badly. Yellow, hardly rectangle-shaped windows and their incandescent light beckon him towards the crudely painted house with a sign saying “café” painted on it. Fearless and certain, he enters.
“Go wash yourself while you’re at it,” Cas decides because yikes, things have conditions here, of course they do, even pissing does, why wouldn’t it.
“I’m asking you to make it up again, for the sake of old friendship,” Castiel speaks, finally, after a too long, threat-brimmed pause.
And just like that, he loses two. Now he’s at -5661 decency points. Coulda been -5659. Coulda been so beautiful.
“Some love it is,” Dean spits. This particular song he hates as well.
Dean gets the tablecloth from the heavy drawer (really solid wood, that. Someone’s pulling all the stops with the love nest scenography), then puts it in place, feeling like he’s sprinkling a mountain of fire with a watering can.
Which is, perhaps, the most of a team effort they had so far.
It’s the Big Thing that matters. It’s making things right, finally.
Castiel’s face blurs in front of his eyes and it’s a problem enough that it even landed there. He must have looked up instinctively. Because he was called. Called in the way that used to give him comfort and confidence once.
“There will be no next time,” he says sounding so, so contrite. Poor thing.
“Exactly,” Dean smiles sphinx-like. “And I think your understanding of fixing stuff is utter shit, but I still gotta do my part here. So not that I need to care.”
He seals the office door shut with his power, with a shaking hand he pushes every single thing off the desk, not interested for now about the damage. There is clearly other damage, other mess, to tend to. Gently, he places Dean on the desk, takes a step back to try and comprehend.
Dean flashes him a small, but livid glare. He seems irritated. Maybe because Castiel keeps playing this one song of “Dean, this is reckless/insouciant/irresponsible/thoughtless et all ceteras” like a broken record. Maybe because there are still so many long hours to spend with him of all people before he really dies for the last fucking time and he simply can’t wait to be the king in the land of dead.
“Yeah,” Dean huffs. “Now you really are, no way of stopping it.”
“No, he’s not. You don’t know him. One country is enough. A handful of people sharing the same space is enough. Just Sam. And in the meantime,” he muses dreamily because he can’t wait until that moment comes, “he will learn to love me again, even if it’s the last thing he does. I know how to guide him. Has this particular brand of needy forgiveness, more than convenient to work with. All the groundwork was already done for me. Waiting to use it as it was always intended.”
Luckily for him, Cas stays in his shitty lane and doesn’t try a second time. But he squints, clearly not getting what he’s done wrong. Well, Dean’s gonna explain that.
“The cart?”
“Dean,” Castiel tries once more.
“There’s no such thing as laser vision, Dean.”
“My understanding of fixing is wider than yours. That’s where the rift comes from.”
“Do what?” Dean blinks like he doesn’t understand.
“There was a way. You just should have loved him more,” he says. “But you’re a hero with no balls.”
The clank of silver against the porcelain is the loudest one Dean’s ever heard. It sends a chill down his spine just like his father’s bottle hitting the table wrong. He can read that all too well, the stages of anger in put down objects, its sizes. His fucking augury, if he has one.
“You make it sound like you received some kind of guidelines,” he notices, somewhat perturbed.
“After you eat. And no, we’re not.”
all the time.”
“Stop being such a child and don’t cross your hands ostentatiously at me, you’re being unbearable again. And unreasonable.”
“You’re supposed to ask who’s there,” it groans in childish disappointment, clearly equally not affected by the blatant presentation of force, since it sits up again, bit more fluid in motions this time around, trying and learning how a body is meant to work.
“You’re distracting me,” Dean states as flatly as possible.
“You lied to me,” he states.
“That doesn’t make what I said any less true. Until you’re loved, you can never be whole. And I’ll do anything to give you the love you need. Love that has no limits, makes no excuses, does not abandon. Only I can love you like this. Nobody else will,” Cas murmurs. “Nobody else will want to,” he reminds Dean.
“What am I going to get out of this? Dean, all I want is for you to be happy and I know you will find happiness like this. You just don’t see it yet, but I don’t blame you. You’re scared of everything now. This will pass. You’ll learn to accept and learn to love, eventually. You’ll do fine. You have taken care of Sam well, you made me proud.”
“That’s
“I’m gonna regret asking this, but
ever were to have a house together, would they want it to look the same way? The thought wants to roll inside his head, explore scenarios down to the details of potted plants and where to put them, but he kills it, merciless and fast. Why the fuck did he even have it in the first place? It’s not like the train has long left the station. It never really existed. Why does he keep forgetting?! Stupid, stupid Dean.
) circumstances.
Castiel motions at Dean to sit down and walks past him with comfortable ease, as if he came here everyday since the dawn of time, from the very moment the real God shaped him from stardust and sent him into the ether precisely for this. Dean takes in the details, checks the insignificant changes that were made since his last visit; mostly the same furniture slightly moved around in no perceivable goal. The only thing that stands out and doesn't fit is, Dean’s eyes shit him not, a fucking telephone crowning the sofa adjacent table.
“Exactly,” Castiel adds.
It doesn’t say anything, but he can feel how uncomfortable it feels.
Even these walls have to know: Dean is his.
“And?” he adds expectantly.
“The hell you wouldn't,” Dean spits. “All the things so far you said you wouldn't do, you've done, so just cut the crap.”
The single syllable puts the man off balance, whether it’s caused by panic or something else Dean doesn’t know, but the result is that he misses Dean’s heart. The knife hits him somewhere randomly in the chest and buries itself to the hilt.
“Well, honey, I don’t think I’m physically able to, but I suppose you might try wiping my face off my head if that bothers you, dear,” he chirps, smiling all too sweetly.
“Fuck me?” Castiel sounds almost amused. “You told me not to kill him and I didn’t. You have nothing to whine about.”
“Why?”
And he’s beautiful like that. So beautiful something in Castiel wants to tear him apart, eat him until he breaks his teeth on Dean’s bones. But the need in Dean’s body, the inhuman craving that makes him moan and melt, it has Castiel maddeningly jealous. Dean isn’t fucking
“You can’t be sorry when you don’t get what you’ve done wrong.”
Update to the list: Dean now hates apples in general. And knives, because he can’t have them.
Dean needs to stop that fucktruck before it runs him over. Time for a diversion. Or at least a distraction. He begins to set himself free from Cas’s touch. Manages to make only one step backwards before the hand lands on his waist and forces him back to the enemy land of Castiel’s vessel. The grip is stronger than iron, hot on his body like fire and equally unrelenting.
, it says.
“He prefers yours.”
It’s an avalanche from there. And it takes Dean with. He holds him tighter, Dean feels the stolen heartbeat quicken as Cas fucking loses it.
“What is it, then?”
“I’m not buying.”
“You may not yet kiss the bride,” Dean deadpans as he pulls his head away.
“Dean, how can you say this. After all we’ve been through together--”
No surprise obviously, but it was worth a shot.
“We can’t go in there anymore.”
If there’s anything he should say, it dies stuck in his mouth, even
Orwell can go fuck himself. He would have been a better option, judging from the current outcome. At least he didn’t give a shit about the power of true name and left that crap alone.
Cas takes him thrice that night; in fleur de lis sheets, in confessions of eternal and indestructible love and in begging Dean to look at him like he looked in the days before. All Dean looks back with is despair. So when Castiel takes him, thrice after the sunset, he fills Dean with need - it’s thick like honey and it fills every fibre of his being, roots of baobab and its branches crushing his aching chest. It all is Cas and it all screams Cas, Cas, Castiel, Cas, and Dean shudders, needs to be taken, needs to be undone, needs to be fucked right there, right then, his body keening and crying for more, while he, apathetic, lets it wail. Lets Cas have whatever the fuck he wants this once.
There comes a point where he just
Castiel stares at him like he’s really, really stupid for not knowing the answer already.
“Hating me so foolishly.”
“He looks so serene when he’s like this,” comes a murmur. “You enjoy the view, don’t you? Getting to play pretend he still loves you the same.” There’s a wall of silence, now. Undeterred by Castiel’s threatening gaze, by his palpable anger tainting the air until none is left. “Hilarious.”
“It’s been over forty days, Cas. I’m enslaved but not lobotomized. Yet.”
“What?” It huffs. “Eaten? Can’t eat the same cookie twice, dum-dum,” it stops mid-thought, reconsiders. “In theory, you can. But for the love of fuck, is it even worth it?”
His what?
Oh, this special offer is forever over, buddy. You screw something up, you deal on your own now. Be the big boy you yell you are. “But what I still want to know, honey, is what it was that you did to me that is your fucking fault now?”
“If you’re half as merciful as you claim to be, you let him go.”
“His office? Are you insane? We were never there, Dean. We've spent a long time down here, doing our best to be invisible.”
“Residence of Ted Bundy and Judy Garland, how can I help you?”
4. If you liked this piece, please comment and leave kudos! if you don't know what to say you can go with emotional keysmash and that too will touch me to the bone!
“Children,” he starts instead, which is even worse, “you’ve lived through millennia of terrors and paths wrongly chosen by your leaders.” Cas pauses and Dean thinks he sounds like a communist manifesto. “They have led you astray from the grace of God. They buried you in sin and poisoned you with the herbal wine of caricatural freedom.” Another dramatic pause. Also, not that communist anymore. It’s kind of more like the Westboro Baptist Church, actually. Wasn’t it one of theirs that Castiel had choke on his own lies? Funny that. “But this ends now. I will bring you back to sobriety and I will reunite you with true light. You need a firm, caring hand to guide you out of the darkness. Be not afraid, for I am here. And I am more than the way and the truth and the life. I am the end and I am the beginning. It’s a new day on earth and in heaven. The day when you no longer will be lost, when you no longer will be abandoned,” Castiel thunders. Dean wants to know if it’s still the people and angels he’s talking to or just him now. “Through this sacred union, I marry you and we shall finally become one. Through this marriage, I come into your heart. Through this bond, I absolve you and I forgive you,” he says, softer. Yeah, definitely him. “Rejoice!” he roars and beckons Dean with his hand.
At 3.27, AM, he texts:
“I couldn’t help myself,” Castiel admits, joyful. Dean cringes more. It’s cringe day today. “I had to see you,” he explains. Dean discovers that his face is physically unable to cringe any further. It tries, though, desperate to convey his bottomless disgust. “You’re so beautiful,” he whispers into Dean’s neck, sounding wrecked and completely dislodged from reality. His hands, the poor, unfortunate dead salesman’s hands, swim down to Dean’s sides, to his belly, where they decide to rest. Castiel pulls until their bodies meet, too close and too much. Everything in Dean goes taut, every single muscle screams and begs for death. It’s echoing in his bones, far too loud to ignore. Through the fabric and whole three layers of his dress, fire tongues of Castiel’s body’s heat lick at Dean’s skin in slow, needy stripes. “I love you. I love you so much, Dean.”
Dean groans, but shimmies himself out of Cas’s grasp and turns around to comply.
“You keep saying this, but all I hear is—” Dean proceeds to make farting noises with his mouth.
“Love is a battlefield, you heard that in a song once, yeah, I remember,” he interrupts tiredly. “You just picked the worst weapon. Literally.”
His last shot is the one lonely scrap of a book nearby - doesn’t look old at all compared to everything else. So at least it surely cancels Sanskrit and Enochian out. Surely as well it does look like shit. Not only dog-eared, but both of its covers have been ripped off. Very evenly - Dean can see it from here before he moves to grab it and it tells him enough. Castiel had a thing with keeping things sharp, clean, and free from flaw - whether it was a demon-Bobby house, his punches, his great plan to reach ascension or his faith, whatever it would claw into at any given time. Weirdly everything but his fucking coat. That he now ditched. For a luciferesque suit that has to be a pain in the ass to iron. Dean wonders whose job is that. Maybe Nadya knows. Maybe the book knows.
“I, the dove, offer myself to the Lord. I, the lost sheep, return to my shepherd. I, the prodigal child, abandon my past and my wicked ways, for I have seen my transgressions and I have seen my lack of faith, my blinding pride. Those will be no more, for I shall seek the warmth of my Lord and he will embroider me with love, with compassion, he will give me all. I, the long betrothed bride, surrender. My will is his, his is my life, my heart was made to be cradled in his hand.”
Dean seems to weight the question in his mind and put it through a handful of meat grinders before he answers. He gives “No” for an appetizer.
“Because you’re my friend. Because you’re precious and special to me.”
Which is interesting because Dean’s bathroom aside, there is a rule not to close any doors in the house. The thing about doors is that if Castiel doesn’t want them somewhere and feels like keeping things (Dean) in, he just cancels the fucking doors.
“I know,” Dean replies, all in ostentatious shrugging, without missing a beat, flat and mostly uncaring, to what poor Castiel visibly not winces but straight out flinches. So hurt, most likely, that it is so easy and obvious for Dean by now to put any blame on him instead of carefully taking it away and throwing it on his own spine.
“This shouldn’t be a problem. I can mend it.”
Hands on Dean’s hips, this is the closest Castiel finds himself to wanting. In a bitter way, the blade sheathed inside of him makes him almost human. His eyes, his palms, they aren’t celestial intent anymore. The thing, it connects him to the body he wears, it makes him want Dean in the ways he craved his skin, his smile, his mouth on his lonely human nights. But this is stronger, much more primal. It wants to claim Dean as its property, tear him apart and possess him, make him into whining, needing nothing, make him solely its. Castiel touches Dean with fear, he begs his grace to withhold it. He navigates himself between Dean’s legs with surprising ease. He knows this body well. Somehow, the blade knows it better.
He doesn’t go.
He doesn't expect an answer, so he just digs into his plate and feels glad that he doesn't at least have to look at Castiel's face anymore. Eating his portion of bullshit, he reminds himself of the little promise he made earlier today.
“The what?”
“It’s just me,” he promises.
“There is one. Shoot me with a gun while it still can kill me.”
“No,” he informs curtly, to which Cas should say something along the lines of ‘holy shit, Dean? I’m so sorry, let’s call the whole thing off, now excuse me while I cast myself into the pit and have hell’s least talented kittens disembowel me on a rack with rusty butter knives and rape me with hellhound dicks thrice for every asshole transgression I have committed or even thought of committing,’ but of course he says none of that.
What he does do is offer an answer for the question Dean didn’t ask.
“This house really doesn't need two jealous, stupid dogs barking at each other over one stupid bone. I can't contain you both.”
Dean supposes that’s true, kinda. Pets don’t get treated this way. He decides not to share that thought. Castiel’s anger is unusual and he can’t tell what could happen if he did. He chooses to tread around the issue lightly.
Dean’s never seen this much hatred on anyone’s face. Not even in hell when he sliced and diced and laughed.
Dean’s too preoccupied processing the wording to address the presented issue of how, exactly, he is supposed to understand the demon stealing. Right now, he can’t decide which is worse: the fact that Crowley can make this reference, the fact that he, Dean, recognizes it, or the fact that it can be concluded they both have watched the same porn at some point?
“I’m sorry, Oksana,” he tells her once more, quiet and sincere. “For everything.”
“Who are you,” Dean doesn’t beat around the bush. He grits out the question, angel blade in hand.
“And how is that any different? You literally gave me an uterus, Cas. To breed me. You made me memorize and spill the dumbest fucking speech I’ve ever read. When did you write that crap down, by the way? Never mind. You made me do things I didn’t want to do and act out what I didn’t feel. This pretty much is messing with me and treating me like a dog, at least by my standards.”
Dean chooses not to. Somehow, he doesn’t crawl back here. Astounding, Castiel thinks. To think he’s suddenly developed autonomy. Definitely worth praising. Definitely bad timing.
Castiel huffs. Oh look, Dean is being funny again.
He passes Cas’s room each night. He never knocks on the door. Because his hand also betrays him through stillness.
“I am yours, Qafsiel Kaziel, watcher of dying kings, Adonai. I am yours.”
“I have no bloody clue! I’m merely the carrier pigeon!”
Which they would be, because Dean was working on next ones just now. He guesses the world will never know.
Castiel has been afraid of this day for months and all he wanted, was for it not to come. He was afraid. Since he lost his second wings of hope. Since he discovered that things like love are small and when they wilt, they leave terror in their wake because a sad-eyed mother carved out of a man had lost his brother in Detroit, his child. And when Dean died beside him, his walking corpse spread the illness of fear into the humid air.
He is Castiel’s. By proxy, so are his emotions.
“Just eat your pie, Dean.”
It’s a big, big problem, actually, now that the cat is outta the bag and Dean can’t help but listen to its meowing.
“Gee, I don’t know about you, trashcan, but I’m getting excited.”
Not even the smell of freshly brewed coffee, one that he almost forgot, manages to drag Dean away from this stupor-like bewilderment. The sound of porcelain being placed on the table and the inevitable comeback of Castiel's crowding presence does. It makes threat, after all. And threat beats coffee.
way. “Are you dizzy? Concussed? You talk nonsense, Dean. And you look bad.”
“You've lost so much. I know you liked that place so much more than any filthy motel excuse for a kitchen, more than any excuse for a life that you were forced to lead,” Castiel says and Dean has a problem making the connection regarding what secret place he is even talking about. Castiel is very good with exact locations. Unless he doesn’t want to be. Dean’s confused and, frankly, annoyed face unfortunately inspires Castiel to not shut up just yet. “Can't you see I'm doing all of this for you? Before, I wasn't strong enough. And I'm responsible for your losses. Both Sam and that place in Cicero. I have to bring this peace back to you and I'm really trying, but you... What's your problem, Dean?” he asks, gentle but exasperated. Tired, maybe. Definitely disappointed.
“With this use of power? You’ll see us sooner than you think, so sleep with both eyes open, bitch. Even at your best rate of stealing from your baby’s college fund already, you have what, like,” they muse, slowly counting on Dean’s fingers, violently and uglily breaking three of them just for the sake of drama, “two years left?”
Did he decide it’s better if Dean has it?
He will see it, he's sure, in Castiel's eyes any moment now, the exact second he catches up with the change of Dean's expression and decides he doesn't like it.
Buzzing with the high of power, he returns to the leviathan, satisfied and full of glory. They watch him, more amused than they have any right to be.
The promise sounds tacky as fuck, but the cheapness of it doesn’t make it any less creepy. This is definitely the cue for him, the whore number two, to either run or throw Cas out of the brothel. Too bad he can’t do any of those things.
“No,” Dean says and it comes off just as bitchy as he wanted to but higher-pitched than he expected, if he’s honest.
“What's the last thing you can remember, Dean?”
he wants to do to him right now). Having Castiel buried inside of him to the hilt, he leans in towards his face and he whispers, “You’re already dead.”
Worse yet, she catches him in flagranti with her pants half way up his ass. And she clearly looks like that breaks some glass in her head in turn.
“Do you really want to sit in a blood soaked dress?” In reply, Dean groans noncommittally. “Thought so. There’s pie for later,” Cas adds and continues with his ministrations. Delicately, he slides the dress off Dean’s arms and frees his hands from the somewhat itchy sleeves.
– he texts.
Mostly because there is something that he has to let sink in, even though he denies, and denies, and denies: Dean’s longing is steadily waning, his love depleting.
“Why.”
“No.”
Castiel feels tired all the time. Must be the cocktails Dean keeps giving him. He sighs and opens his eyes eventually. After turning around to look at Dean, he wants to sigh again, but doesn’t.
“But there’s a but,” Dean states, goddamn knowing there is, because there is a difference between
“Out!”
“Yours ticks faster,” Castiel cuts. “My power can be conserved. Enough to keep you inept and quiet, as you should be.”
“Do you want to know how long it took God?” it smiles patronizingly.
s in the place where his brain should probably be?
Japanese animated porn, probably.
“Thanks, ugly,” he replies to elicit a reaction, but there’s none.
“About what she said…” Castiel starts, “I’m not going to lie to you. Not on purpose, not through omission. You have my word, you have… you’d know anyway, wouldn’t you?”
“Someone has to run hell for me, Dean. Besides, Crowley knew better than to raise his hand on you.”
Dean remains an indifferent, deaf statue. Like the ones Castiel erected all over the world.
“What is it, Dean.”
He looks very sad. For the record Dean is still keeping, for all he cares Castiel can go and look sad somewhere else. On Fiji, maybe. Unless it got smote while he was offline again.
This is the only thing that is even vaguely clear.
Castiel nods and reaches out for him with his hand, the same one he just struck him with. Repulsed shitless, Dean offers him his.
But it’s Cas. Cas, who knows where the damn things is. Has it, maybe (oh, shitful God, make him have it here so he won’t be begging for nothing). Something about him feels different. Different enough Dean wants to turn around to see and understand what it is. He thinks he even did, as if on command, considering how he can now distinguish Cas’s outlines in the dark, and just a second ago he only saw the white dullness of his pillow. But here is where his initiative ends. The lock in the door turns, has them trapped. So a plan it apparently is, then. Dean’s hand senses the blade before his brain does. He grips the sheets till his knuckles go white. His nostrils flare, his pupils dilate. Now he really can’t let Cas leave. He’s gotta do something to keep him here (thank fuck the door’s locked; thank fuck Cas can’t fly). He wants to get up and swallow the key, just in case, but something’s got him pinned to the bed, timid and waiting. Trembling with apprehension.
He leaves the kid to its innocent poultrious wonder and relegates his remaining scraps of energy to pretty himself up according to the newest standards of Amish Vogue. If he wants a lifetime supply of chicken, he well knows he’s going to have to earn it first. Just like the right to eat dinner in his father’s eyes. Except that this time, not by being a good hunter.
“Death will make sure there will be no way for you to find me. He’ll reincarnate me into something, anything. So maybe, just maybe, it will fucking stop you from destroying anything more, cause you’re gonna be afraid of destroying me by an accident. Maybe he’ll plant me as a tree in your fucking garden. Happy now?”
“Why is this even a problem, by the way? I’ve never seen him this paranoid about anything else, to be honest,” she muses. “Just… odd.”
Wow in a way that it is scary both regarding few months and five decades from now. But actually it might come in handy, since this is a moment where he can barely—
“You just wait,” he says. “Gonna be spectacular.”
“Cas,” Dean tries, softer than Castiel deserves. “Please.”
There’s a handful of them. In order of both appearance and disturbance, it goes as follows:
“So none of you were in the office in, I donno, last few days?”
“Figuratively speaking, we might as well be, Cas. We’re in the perfect place for you. For traitors. So there you go, Dante’s ninth circle.” He peels another layer of skin with his knife.
“For that too,” Castiel says, ignoring the consent part, like Dean supposed he would. But apparently that isn’t the only problem at hand, why would it be.
“What do you mean: that too? What else? What aren’t you telling me about?” he asks, nervous. “Cas?”
Next surge, much stronger than the first. Dean groans and lets go of the handle, breathing so hard and sharp the still air of the room is cutting his nostrils. Castiel crouches to meet him eye level. “I will, when it’s time to collect you, dove,” he says gently with the same sweet insulting tone and blesses him with wave three. Dean falls on his back, can’t move, and knows if his stomach decides to puke now, he’s done for. “What’s the matter, Dean? We’re not even in double digits yet. There’s still a long way to seven decades.”
“Oh, really? Which night was that?” Castiel asks conversationally, more curious than bothered.
“There is no need to be this snide, sunshine.”
“You can fuck right off,” Dean grits through his teeth. “You can't calm me down, you fucko. The only thing you have left to do is to finally lobotomize me once and for all, so either do that or knock it off, okay?!”
“I’m not talking about this,” Dean corrects through gritted teeth. His jaw hurts. “I’m talking about our
“I’m not a copulating snake.”
“It’s eating you up and that’s why you keep thrashing around in my hands. It’s not me you’re trying to wage war against, it’s the hole. But it’s over now. You can stop fighting. You don’t have to anymore, Dean. It’s gonna be alright.”
Let it be the right thing.
“Give me time.”
“That’s the problem with you Winchesters. You see yourselves as some kind of vigilante heroes and you toss the bigger picture aside whenever it doesn’t fit your course of action.”
“That’s not what I meant.”
Cas presses his palm into Dean’s arm in lieu of more noticeable way of putting him back into the correct head space. Except that there’s no correct head space for this without brainwashing and a coma-inducing amount of bourbon.
“What happened to me being an unimportant ant? What did I do that the ultra Pope comes to bid me a visit in the middle of the… well, if it’s night.” He checks the alarm clock. It’s actually near morning.
“This is getting repetitive and, frankly, boring.”
The guy snorts.
Dean is wary of this small, inconspicuous object. It just feels wrong. But he puts it on. The crowd goes even louder, now. He expects some kind of surge of power to wash over him or choke him, possibly a sudden rainstorm, anything. Still, the world doesn’t stop. Birds don’t cut their songs mid-note and the air doesn’t change.
“Dying man’s last wish, I guess.”
He doesn’t even know who he is begging. Certainly not Cas. Because Cas is not gonna listen.
“What,” he mutters into the pillow, pissed, but sadly not in an empowering way.
But Castiel can feel it. This is how he’s really dying. This is his least favorite way to die, and he tested plenty.
The one where he didn’t even have a moment to wonder what’s gonna happen now because Castiel didn’t bother to pretend he’s surprised with Dean’s sudden proclamation of devotion. The screech of Castiel’s chair as he stood up to devour and conquer.
He’ll take it. Being stubborn and offended won’t give him shit, anyway.
“Don’t be silly, Dean.”
“Sure you do, little rascal! Everybody loves chicken, because we eat chicken here, not people. Remember that for me, buddy.”
He doesn’t elaborate and Sam isn’t sure whether he even wants him to, anyway. Dean might as well be speaking in riddles (or in tongues), considering how hard he’s been to cohabitate with these days. What’s worse Dean now stares at him brokenly and there’s something fucking ominous in his eyes, but Sam can’t put a name on the sort of fear it induces in him. Worst, as if after a flip of a switch, Dean is all smiles again.
There’s pounding on the door now. He’s kind of trying to breathe here and that’s interrupting the process even more than the process itself. Yeah, maybe he should stop that, too.
There’s no way to tell what went down. Or why Castiel made it happen and then just gone.
He perches on the bed. Dean stiffens and gravitates towards the wall, away from Cas as much as he can without actually moving from his spot. His internal
“How did you get in here,” he states instead of asking because he is not, simply not, taking a servitutory position. Not now, not ever.
“Ideal choice, boss. Modest, non-revealing and it hugs all the sweet spots, especially the rear.”
“I understand.”
vibe loud and clear.
First floor feels bad. Doesn’t feel right for him to be here. It’s like an additional violation of people’s basic rights (those that they still even have, at least). This is a private, sacred space and he - the cause of it all - is too filthy to intrude it. Shame almost breaks his resolve. Almost.
He’s got no time for slow and unrelenting devouring. He wants the kisses to stop: the featherlike ones, the full mouthed ones, the tongued. All of them.
So maybe there was something selfish in the act of taking the blade inside. Maybe it made him do it. He kept staring at it and it kept calling, tempting, offering ideas until he gave in, until he found an excuse.
“Make it fast, you’re killing the non-existent mood.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’ll burn you and bury your ashes in an unmarked grave. He won’t find anything. And even if he does, he’ll have nothing to restore. He’d still need a body for that. He only claims he’s God.”
“Why not? I could let you sleep through the whole nine months so you wouldn’t be bothered by it.”
“Because I want to know the answer?” Dean chides.
Inside of himself, he tries to coo it into comfort, hums some Zepp, things he doesn’t need thinking for. On the outside, he loses his shit and his shit’s shit. He out-yells the crying, the holy rage, the bullshit, the everything.
Threat beats spite. Soap beats threat, Castiel wins. Even facing the door, all senses away from him, Dean can feel his small, satisfied smile all over his back. He cans down the heebie-jeebies it gives him. It’s not a particularly good moment to experience them.
Castiel looks at him expectantly, timid smile, too few inches away from Dean’s skin. Appears to be very proud of himself, but then again, he often does.
“Got a Lexus RX last year. Very nice brown. Still had that new car feel. I miss it,” she says with a pout.
“To buy myself into the good graces of my new boss and to see you in Grace Kelly’s wedding dress, of course. I’d never miss the opportunity. It brings out the curve of your ass like nothing else in the world does. Did you pick it out yourself?”
“Nad, for the love of fuck, why the china closet?”
“Cas,” Dean coughs.
Amazing exuberance indeed. Where were the monosyllabic answers literally five minutes ago? Another moment of silence with no explanation in sight. Perhaps he should stop asking yes or no questions.
Dean laughs at him acidically before answering. “Why of course,” he drawls, treating him with the fakest and most insulting smile he could possibly muster, “anything for my favorite monster pumpkin.”
“You can see my priority lies in this bed. I don’t ask for your advice regarding who I became,” Castiel says curtly. “Just tell me what’s wrong with him.”
If he's in the room with him, only body present, heart not, is he? Sounds like no? Or like Schrödinger?
No, it’s not.
Lain in their conjugal bed, Dean is left alone (not breathing yet, Castiel’s rational mind tries to supply). Castiel needs air and time before he approaches him again. His anger needs to simmer down. By the time he’s back, Dean’s probably going to be awake and sulking and hissing like a cat thrown into a shower. This is going to be a hard conversation. Upon taking his leave, he commands for his betrothed to be properly taken care of.
“What do you even rule after you eat all that? The Dean?” the leviathans muse on, ignoring him, exactly as if it was a given that he will, in fact, eat Mudball-3. “A while, maybe. But aside of a lot of last minute fucking, what then when that reserve wears off? Do
“In case of you doing something stupid when I’m not here to immediately protect you.”
. It cries and it’s the weeping of a lost, hopeless child, Dean can’t find anything monstrous in its misery, though he tries, wants to so fucking bad. He aches. He remembers crying like that, too. On parking lots, in motel rooms, in front of his mother’s photo, in John’s multitudes of absence. To no one because there was no one. It sobs and sobs, his body echoes with it, and Dean’s not surprised, not able to blame; a child, no matter how many rows of teeth it grows, has always the same eyes, eyes that see through things, see the elephant-eating boa constrictor beneath the mirage of a hat, beneath the so called matters of consequence and perpetual pardoning of old rats.
The one where Dean walked in, all pampered, throat shining with gold, and Castiel only looked up from his shit - writing the declaration of surrender, of course, and knowing it now makes it even worse - as Dean made sure the door closed shut behind him. The noise of it loops, and loops, and loops.
Castiel seems to think about it for a moment and he smiles, proud. “Yes, of course,” he says delighted and he can go fuck a barb-wired baseball bat for that. “It looks like you've really learned your lesson today, haven't you, Dean? Tell me what you need, I will have everything arranged.”
But power does.
He walks through the crypt and ignores their yelling, something about spoons, if he got it right. Castiel takes in his reserve of souls and decides to take in some more than enough to properly refill. He doesn’t want anything like this to happen to him again. And he feeds.
Without a warning, there’s the sound of enormous wings flipping and nausea accompanies it. The church dissolves. And maybe he does, too. He still doesn’t know how this flying thing works, exactly. Not that he fucking cares.
2. It is physically possible to cut hair with too small scissors or/and with a hairbrush instead of a comb for support. It's possible to even do it with wallpaper cutting knife and a fork. Don't ask me how, this is cursed knowledge and you really don't wanna  have it.
“It’s very sad you feel so hurt by a threat that is, essentially, just perceived and not real,” Castiel says, his tone making it feel more like a preamble to something both dangerous and stupid than anything on the sadness palette or even anything vaguely related.
Castiel puts his fingers on Dean’s fingers. Really? Flying to the back yard when they can walk? Will the nonsense ever cea—
6. love u & see u next time!!!!
“Of course he did that, the nutjob that he is, ignore that,” he says lamely. “I didn't know. Sorry.”
“Guess I can’t make us into a mean chicken soup just yet, huh small thing? You think your other old man might actually be reading preggo lady magazines in his evil lair? I mean, what gives?”
on me, just with glitter hearts painted on it. That’s where I start counting. Every single thing that happened next - Sam, Ellie, your bestie Balthazar,” Dean enumerates, then shrugs. “I didn’t even have it in me to be surprised because the guy I knew as Cas was a lie. So that thing? Canceled.” He smiles, bitter.
Kentucky-sized folder of fuck? Or just Kenfucky for short?
The chrysanthemums in the vases are dead, regardless of table. This, he rolls his eyes at.
“You, on the other hand, shouldn’t have touched that space, vermin.”
“What?”
“There was pie.”
Castiel feels cold and white fills over his senses.
“Lost? What do you mean: lost?!,” Castiel huffs, incredulous to the last smallest bone that he once hijacked and stole.
“There was this prophet in Thebes,” Castiel murmurs. “Once, he came across a pair of mating snakes. He hit them with a stick. This displeased Hera greatly, so she turned him into a woman.”
“I’m not fucking anything up.”
“I see how it is. You want a dog that still barks sometimes so it would resemble a dog and would not take your ass down the uncanny valley and creep you out with staring at you and doing nothing because it doesn’t own an independent thought. But you don’t want it to bother you with long walks and shitting on your carpet. Or shitting at all. You know what you should do? Go and get a fucking Furby. Are there still Furbies out there or have you destroyed them as well because they didn’t fit your vision of a perfect world?”
“More or less. Joke’s on him anyway, I still don’t know how to cook,” Nadya says as she pulls the chair away to help him sit down.
This is stupid. He shouldn't be acting like this, he’s been through so much worse and he absolutely hates being betrayed by his body like this. He’s been to Hell, this should be nothing. Doesn't look like nothing, doesn't feel like nothing. Fuck. He grabs the jug, he grabs the glass and forcing his hands to be still, he pours himself a glass. He will take whatever to wash away that raw, dry dying from its throat, whatever underworld joining rules that apply be damned. He drinks.
Dean almost finds that interesting. Almost. But it’s not his turn to comment, apparently.
“Now say it to me,” he demands.
“Yeah, I bet.”
“All I'm saying is, Dean, Cas is plotting something he doesn’t want anyone to know about, especially you. But he doesn't leave loose ends behind. We have squat on what he's stealing or why, but it’s safe to make an educated guess it’s old, bad, and not just souvenirs. So if you could kindly keep a more focused eye on—”
Because if he raises his hand fast enough these days, Cas will flinch. In Hell, Alastair would have been proud of this development. On Earth, Dean is not. He hates mirrors more than he used to, now. He hates his hands, all of his ten fingers. He doesn’t know how to weaponize that hatred anymore.
Now Cas, he asks those things even though he knows that awake he’s falling into pieces, missing and drying and sick; that he wants, that he needs, that he’s stepped away from all the light that ever was for him, if any. For this alone, for the audacity to demand an answer like that, he wants Cas in between his fingers, a wreath of death on his throat, a rainbow of bruises. He wants to eat the very last moment of air that escapes his holy lungs.
“You don’t know that,” Castiel snarls.
Oh, fuck no. Dean’s so not doing this.
“It seems like I have to take care of something urgent, now that your friends brought it to my attention,” Castiel says, ignoring Dean’s nearly physical form of seething. “Try not to collide with anything and drive your options safely while I’m gone, alright?”
“Who knows? One day I might want to,” Lucifer chuckles darkly. “Be careful what you wish for, Dean. I’ll be listening to both of you scream. We’ll have a gay old time.”
Castiel can’t. 6.31. He stays how he is.
Focused solely and entirely on him.
“I’m not paranoid, Dean,” Cas says, leading him off the path to the church. “I’m just careful. I can’t afford losing you. Or hurting you.”
“Make a Gucci bag,” Dean offers dryly.
“Yeah,” Dean cuts in just to make sure this won’t end up as a monologue.
“Dean, why are you doing this to yourself?”
“Condolences, then,” Crowley corrects himself.
Dean clutches at the sleeve of Cas’s white suit before a rustle of wings can become the only sign of his departure.
“Hello, Dean.”
“There is only one thing you need to know about him,” she says, harder and colder than she’s ever been so far. “He volunteered to be here, Dean.”
His hands don’t squeeze him fury-hard as they manhandle (godhandle?) and lift Dean, but they hold like they own him and that’s worse, somehow. Turned around to meet him face to face, he sees nothing in Castiel’s eyes but his stern focus on efficiency.
“Dean,” Castiel groans, insistent and stubborn and plain annoying. “Please, tell me what's the last thing you recall. I need to know how much damage there was so I can help you. I have to. I'm responsible. I shouldn't have punished you so deeply earlier today. Your body took too much strain, too much stress. You’re just human and I got carried away,” he admits soft and almost ashamed, which is so fake Dean finds it near hysterical. “But so did you,” he adds harder, harsher. And yeah, Dean saw that coming. “Please, Dean. Don't. Don't abuse my patience like that when you can help it. You make me do things I later come to regret. And for what? A concussion? Inhuman exhaustion? Missing dinner?”
Dean doesn’t really know why he bothered trying.
“Okay,” Dean comments nicely, dryly. “I got it all wrong. Oops.”
“Yes,” Castiel confirms affectionately, a small smile crawling up his stupid face, lighting his eyes with something that Dean can’t name but fucking really wants to punch. “Appliances aside, I made everything here myself. For you. I have a lot on my hands, but your comfort is worth sparing some time on carpenting. You helped make homes for so many people. I want to give you the same.”
“Dean, I’m--”
“I came here to kill you,” he says conversationally.
He covers himself with the veil. The less people see of his face, the better - now for more than one reason. Originally, he intended to do that to hide himself and his silly little shame, but that stopped being important. Outside and all over the world, there are hopeless and terrified people who don’t know what to do anymore. Who desperately search for something to hold on to. And right now he’s that thing. One of the last pictures they need to see is even the betrothed bride (also known as the Church) having been bitch-slapped like a dog.
“Of course,” he assures, believing firmly in every syllable. “There’s nothing I want to do more than to watch you fix the world.”
Each night he passes Cas’s room. Each night less afraid to knock and say goodbye.
Dean’s neatly folded anger spreads to the surface and leaks in tiny rivulets into the water he’s stupidly standing in, into his mouth.
Because he thinks that if the pain doesn’t exist anymore, neither does the trauma. Again.
“Jesus, Cas. This is fucking sick, you know that.”
Defying Heaven was worth this especially.
“Don’t strain yourself with the shrugging.”
“Said I’m sorry.”
“I don't know. I heard others say there was shouting, noise. Then both of you were away. We were ordered to not interfere until otherwise told. Nobody on the master floor.”
Namely by shoving the still filthy knuckles of his fist up Dean’s mouth. “Don’t worry if you bite,” Castiel coos. “This is going to sting, baby.”
Like, the one Dean genuinely doesn’t know the answer to.
Castiel doesn’t like where and with what velocity this conversation is going. “Enough,” he groans and they both shut up. “Show me your hands, Dean,” he commands.
“Dean,” Castiel cuts through the sarcasm with no preamble, everything in him, and about him, clipped, tensed, and on the verge of a new level of being Done With Dean’s Shit. “I'm warning you.”
“Dean,” she begs. “I can't, I don't... I have no answer that could help you.”
“I'm peachy. I get to feel like Kirstie Alley in
, it cries.
“Well?!” he hisses. “He’s almost fucking dead because I was so goddamn stupid and blind, trusting you and letting you get close to us! Look how well I did! Go to his room, take a look at him, at what you’ve done, and tell me I did well again. Then go straight to hell. And take me with. Just don’t bother me on the way.”
But wait, there’s more: he fucked up for the third time in a row because he shared his disappointment with the class, whereas he was supposed to be fucking thrilled. Thankful? Proud? Ecstatic? There was none of this, thank you. Which is probably why Cas is very busy today, really not wanting to try to interact with him right now (great, like literally once in a lifetime opportunity great) and also why he supposes Springfield taking it up the ass was up for yesterday’s agenda (bad). Frankly, he just wishes the sweetheart would cope with that lack of gratitude through the traditional fist to face kind of conversation instead of burning everything around their domestic dream into ashes because Lincoln’s fucking house really didn’t deserve this and five million other reasons Dean doesn’t have it in him anymore to count. At the same time, he’s super convinced the fucking statues are going to outlive the city and remain the last damn things standing and that will make a horrible view, but in Dean’s eyes still won’t prove Cas’s point, whatever it fucking is these days. So yeah, a punch would be a better plan. God, sometimes he wishes Cas would just hit him cause that’s at least normal. But the fist went elsewhere. The memory draws an involuntary shudder. Nausea follows. There’s really no time or no point for this, he reminds himself. He has no way of telling when Cas is coming back, so pro-health puking is out of options. Also, it’s absolutely counterproductive.
“With new eyes?” Dean can’t help but prod.
“Yes, Dean. Uh-oh. Since you’re so hell bent on making choices, I’ll give you one to make.”
“Does that bother you?”
“No, I forgot about it,” he answers and earns himself a deep frown. Out of again nowhere, Dean conjures another glass. It’s almost cartoony.
“To that particular question? Why?”
“I’m saving space for your dick.” Ignoring Castiel’s groaning, Dean goes on. “Speaking of which, when’s D-Day? Or are we going with immaculate conception?” he suggests hopefully.
“You're upset,” Castiel states, stern. The all-serious absurdity of it effectively enough stops Dean’s hand from going after Glass Two. Observation of the century, that. Point for God. Twenty more and he’ll earn himself a mean discount on a used Cadillac and a piano falling to his face from an extreme height.
He sits next to Dean, too close for comfort, and puts his arm around him, palm resting where it did, once, to the point of burning. He does it like it's something they used to do since always, like it's in not just their habit, but in their nature to sit hip to hip, aligned; sharing gentle intimacy and evening treats.
And if he might get the luxury of not suffering through those, he’ll lap salvation like a stray thirsty dog, which he is, if you put things into perspective and Castiel does put it alright – he knows his worth, he knows his place: there is none.
Crowley raises his hands in a placating gesture. “Relax, darling. I want to help.”
“Like you fixed this?” Dean snaps, pointing at his wrist. “No, thanks.”
Castiel presses harder until it can’t or at least shouldn’t. Hopes it will make his point clear.
“Dean,” comes the voice that should shut up forever and ever and once and for all, “are you with me?”
“Sleeping is not the correct word, Cas,” Dean says as he takes the water. And drinks. Wow, his throat does not enjoy being touched with anything, even this.
“Thank you,” Cas whispers, petting his hair with gentleness that almost impossibly contradicts his ability to fuck that hard. “Was it really that scary?”
Silence falls. Dean swallows hard.
“Dean, this is not time for joking,” Castiel tries, pity bright and clear in how his name was invoked. He seems to completely ignore the fact that Dean’s not joking. “Alastair was just a demon. He’s the one who didn't know you for shit, as you say. I know you. Everything inside you and about you. The list of victories on this silly little war you're trying to wage is already long on my side and empty on yours. You think I'm going to need years? Really?”
“Everything,” Dean corrects.
“Is that so?”
“Was cold,” he answers honestly. “Sorry, Cas.”
“I'm saving that surprise for the series finale.”
It’s hard to answer the question since Dean honestly has no idea what he was going for at that moment. So he just shrugs lightly.
For some mysterious reason Dean is hell-bent on discovering at some convenient point, that seems to calm Castiel's sagging balls a little.
Apparently unbothered by it at all, Dean sits behind the steering wheel covered with a white sheet and bleeds through it like it’s the most normal thing in the world. Knowing Castiel’s thoughts, Dean offers, “It was until you fucked with the natural order.” And he shrugs.
He leans in over the sofa and takes the kiss he wants, because he wants. Chases after Dean’s mouth when he tries to turn away. Doesn’t let his jaw go until he’s done. Marvels for a moment at the sight of Dean’s furious, kiss-tainted face, before he smiles, all appreciative and content.
He washes his face, cleans the sink and makes his way to the living room. He stares at the TV in growing worry, but turns it on eventually. There’s only one channel now and it shows the sign “More gospel at 6. Be faithful and pray.” Dean turns it off, it has to be far from six yet.
Dean doesn't ask what brings him here. He doesn't give a fuck, lost all and any fucks along with his new flesh’s virginity. Doesn't even do as much as to breathe in Castiel’s direction. He's way more interested in the wall and all the amazing nothing it has to offer. He doesn't bother to decipher Cas's current expression, not this time. It hardly matches his words. It never matches his actions. And if he came here to fetch him? Well, fuck. He came to fetch him, then. It doesn't matter whether he smiles or frowns doing it, there's just no probability of a good outcome. And since Castiel has a monopoly on miracles now like he’s the Monsanto of fate, he can’t count on those, either.
“You might want to rephrase yourself.”
,” he states. “They have all left you, abandoned you. Rejected you.”
He turns the affronting gift in his hand, over and over, trying to figure out what to do with it, if anything, and what driving his options safely can possibly entail before he crosses an invisible line and gets penalty time-out in some abstract part-hell again. And that has chances of happening the same size as cold happening in Siberia. Or whatever it is now.
“After the war? Isn’t it still going?”
“Blood in your micro Vatican isn’t Bobby’s puzzle. It’s mine,” Dean demands.
“Was that you in the wilderness?” he asks as Dean gets into the driver’s seat.
What inadequately comes out of his stupid and remorseless mouth is:
“All of the angels?”
“Dean – Schmean,” he offers politely in exchange and laughs, a serene sound coming right out of his belly.
“Cas, you hear me!? I’m gonna save you!”
“Go drink some diarrho—”
“We should have you see a doctor about this,” he says softly but insistently and he escapes Castiel’s sight. Castiel tenses, but eases as fast as he understands it’s because Dean’s climbing on the bed, embracing him from behind. “You know you’re just human now. My presence here might not be enough to stop them from coming. You don’t have to suffer like this,” he adds, his voice pained, his mouth kissing Castiel’s arms so delicately like he’s something holy. He’s not anymore.
“Crowley,” Castiel reminds him of his presence, polite but sharp and he moves his hand from Dean's shoulder to his thigh, where he possessively grips, jealous, hot, too sure of himself, and in every way unrelenting, definitely too close to Dean's poor private parts. “Please, love yourself and stop,” he comments with pity and disgust. “Do you want to die?” he asks conversationally, which, to Dean is a whole new degree of uncannily weird.
What happens now seems to be pretty much the opposite. He’s aware of every step of the way and each one hurts. It hurts because even now his mind seems to be unable to reconcile the past with the present. He resents every single thing Cas does, hates every single thing he says. He detests the softness of his gazes and loathes every inch of his body his eyes had the doubtful pleasure of seeing. At the exact same time, his heart still tries to fight it. You hate the baobab, not him - it tries to reason. He was your friend. He saved you. He was kind. He meant well.
“Dean,” Cas now demands, pissed and weirdly, apparently kind of scared, which is new and would be interesting if it weren’t for the fact that Dean’s currently busy dying. “Surrender!”
The level of blind pride and confidence is so amusing Castiel even pities it in a way.
“Cas,” Dean begs him to shut the fuck up.
“You know what, I always hated kitchens like these,” she comments. “My first husband, he thought it's more traditional this way,” she adds, giving Dean a deep, meaningful look. “He thought that when you put a woman into that warm, soft kitchen, she stays there, becomes that.”
“What the fuck is Oksana even supposed to mean?”
“Are you done wasting air in this room yet?”
“This tells me literally nothing,” Dean comments dryly. “Why?” he keeps digging.
Inside, the building no longer defies reality. He takes a look around, savoring his surroundings. It does look like a perfectly normal café indeed. Light colors, wooden chairs, fancy tablecloths, actual flowers in vases on the round, little tables. Seems very undeanlike and honestly, he’d more expect to find him in the badly painted bar that he saw nearby, not here, of all places. Then again, he should have known better. Dean always pulls the opposite of whatever the hell is expected of him. Whether it’s a matter of nature or nurture is yet to be established and is not to be debated now. There are more pressing matters at hand and at sight. The one and only king of this forlorn café-castle is here and he stares at him with very careful interest, wild eyes shining with something that feels like conviction. Even from the distance Castiel can see and marvel how wonderfully long lashes frame his cunning eyes, he breathes in all the skin of his neck a shirt’s collar doesn’t hide from him, his stare hovers about and above his pink mouth, his nicely-shaped nose. He takes in all of him at once. He missed him. Missed life echoing through him like it does now. Castiel can’t help but notice how different he looks. Dean would often wear a suit during a case, he’s seen him wear those on a handful of occasions, but this is not quite it, somehow. The ease in his movements is something else, all the stiffness coming from wearing a fake identity - gone. He sits, he moves, he breathes like the striped blue shirt and red suspenders are his second skin. Castiel doesn’t think it’s his Dean. He becomes wary, but he walks towards the smart, curious looking beast nonetheless. He’s more than determined to win this game, whatever the sacred fuck and a dollhouse it is.
“What do you mean, dove?”
His eyes not leaving Dean’s face, he easily reads the sudden rasp in his mind from his eyes, from how wild and afraid they are because he discovered something he shouldn’t have. In this panic Sam reads a quiet, violent
“But I’m responsible for you. You were a child but I taught you wrong. I drew a sheep but forgot the muzzle. I’m fixing my mistake.”
“I beg your fucking pardon?” he asks, voice high pitched and unstable. “Would you perhaps like me to, I don’t know, stop looking so distressed for your personal convenience?”
Because so far, right now, every second of Cas there, on that bed, is the evening when he spread Dean’s legs and ripped the last bit of Dean’s body away from sovereignty. Every breath he doesn’t take (because what’s the point of appeasing Dean now, right?), drags him back to when the ring scoured and drowned and remade him into a doll on shiny strings, with tarnished insides, with numb, knifeless, porcelain hands, with a few tears void of life or meaning.
“You have also sworn to offer yourself to me, seek my warmth, accept my compassionate love, and surrender. So surrender.”
Castiel shakes his head. Dean feels the body behind him sag. Could it be some form of defeat? Did he win the argument this time?
But in this case it wouldn’t be the right question. Where would God keep those in his holy fake shit kitchen? Dean digs more and runs out of options. He has his answer, though: away from Dean, probably in the same mysterious spot where even the butter knives are. Looks like he’s banned all the way on those, huh.
Didn’t even look at him, doing that. Like Dean’s a trophy taxidermy to pat out of habit, a good luck charm. In this particular moment Dean isn’t even sure which aspect insults him the most, but to not waste any time on thinking about it, he just goes with fucking everything.
“Please, no.”
Castiel's body is too close, too present, too overwhelming. There's a weight crushing Dean’s chest, causing heart to stumble, ripping memories from the back of his head where he buried them deep and far and forever. Castiel's hot labored breath is all over his skin again, his mouth is too close to his eyes, his chest obscures everything he ever knew and he feels him moving between his legs again; like a snake, like something evil, something hungry, something old. Castiel's arms around his waist break him like baobab branches. He can’t.
“Soup.”
“You can’t be serious.”
“Have you ever heard of not being vague?”
“Let us lavish the bride with love!” he roars again, to the media, to the crowd. “Let her see that she is treasured and cherished by all! As I have told you, I will tell you once more: celebrate the day of this union for it is a new era of peace and serenity for mankind! You all are blessed!” Castiel turns his attention back to Dean, who is convinced this time Cas is pulling half random sentences out of his ass, hoping they would somehow wrap it and make thirty percent sense. “And you, my dove, are blessed the most.”
“God, no,” Dean waves his worry off in a dismissive voice. “We just tried some shenanigans to tone the Mark down.”
“It was the souls. I wanted to be with you. That was the solution they offered. But it’s going to be alright, Dean. Just come back. I’ve fixed Sam.”
That offended expression, while tragically intense, is short-lived, as it immediately makes space for something much more blandly collected and scrubbed of all those not-so-sweet emotions Castiel clearly was reeling in just a moment ago. It’s too composed, too pleasantly neutral for Dean’s taste. Calculated and chosen, a solid ugly proof that Castiel can reign himself in whenever he wants, but simply never wants to when push is about to come to shove.
(See the end of the chapter for
“What I did to you?” Castiel begins part offended, part disbelieving, if the turmoil on his face is supposed to be a goddamn clue.
“Pretty please, though.” Absolutely non-affecting, it seems. Okay steppin it up. Doe eyes, lashes, lashes. Nada. Rude. This ain't over. Dean licks his lips and mentally works on his voice until he figures out the most throaty, dick-ride-enjoying note he's capable of hitting. “...Baby daddy.”
Bite it off, probably?
“I can't give you scissors,” so she addresses just the one which remotely makes sense to her. “What the fuck were you thinking?”
He accepts it, guilty of all charges.
“You’re not my pet,” Cas says through gritted teeth, gravel voice unabashedly full of hatred.
close to storming off to rummage for some forlorn string of pearls just for the sake of clutching them so it could match the sense of scandal on his face. Yeah, unthinkable, Dean knows, the very thought of him not swallowing the ambrosia anymore, not even the best money shot could match that.
“Not on the menu, sweetie,” she chirps, all fake sugar and dirt. “We got flesh, got coffee, and lots of milk,” she enumerates. “For some reason,” she grits through teeth, “Russian coffee is out. Also no newborns.”
He does remember it just fine, but it won’t stop him from tweaking it up a little bit when the time comes.
“I know that and don't worry, this is just dinner here, although I think I personally enjoy it much better this way. And considering how your alternative is for me to temporarily decide where your legs are going to take you, I think you will agree that this really is nicer. Isn't it nicer, Dean?”
“No offense, but do you have a fucking brain? Listen, buddy. I’m not overly attached to my life, but ending it right now is probably a shit idea. In case you weren’t listening to what’s been said in between the lines, I’m the only thin membrane stopping my beautiful, wrathful and messed up sweetheart from punishing the world real bad. You honestly think it’s good to take that away from him? I don’t and I only have a vague idea of what’s he’s capable of, which still beats yours, apparently.”
“Why haven’t you combed your hair?” she asks as she maneuvers him into a steady grip, leading him to the kitchen in tiny, considerate steps.
“Why do you pry?” he hisses. “Do you care?”
Dean looks up, but doesn’t put away his tools. “Oh, finally, Cas. I was getting impatient.” He smiles viciously. “Welcome to the ninth circle of Hell.”
He’s sore, uncomfortably sore, in parts of his body that have no business being achy neither weeks nor days after being last violated. Only one explanation comes to mind and it hardly makes sense. Dean’s disappointed with himself for still remaining naive enough to feel surprised. What was he trying to accomplish, holding this monster to any standards at all? So many human casualties, so many manipulative leg-spreading done to him already just within the span of five weeks, and yet?
Her name is Oksana and she seems to be very, very afraid. It shows in the paleness of her skin, the nervousness of the too focused gaze of her brown, glassy eyes. She keeps them trained away from his face when possible. She has spent most of the day with him, getting him ready to become the main course. Probably unwillingly, she has to be his Charon - his only remaining and last companion before he hits the depths of the underworld ass up, face down and covered in shame.
Not this again. Dean groans, as audibly as he can get, and continues walking.
“I ended it,” he announces coldly with more pride than necessary.
“You might have been right, to some extent. About the cheese dressing.”
But if Castiel knows ufos are bothered, he clearly doesn’t give a shit.
“I didn’t know how to tell you,” Castiel confesses mournfully.
“Aww”, the thing coos. “And your pretty little heart knows better? You’re so cute I could eat you, sunshine,” it licks Cas’s lips with a forked tongue.
“I fucking am.”
What’s next? Cas is gonna paint him a rainbow as a sign of truce? Of course it’s gonna happen again. Dead guy was right. Dean’s supposed fuck ups will keep coming and so will the repercussions.
“No,” Dean debates anyway.
“You’re a fucking joke, you know that?” Dean huffs.
“They are my witnesses. All of the angels are here to praise our victory.”
There are no better things to do.
“Better now, love?” he asks, low gravel of his voice so gentle as if he was trying to cradle water in his hands, maybe a bit contrite somewhere far, far beneath, but just about the result of his action, not the action itself.
“He married me, technically.”
She walks out, not looking at him at all. Dean doesn’t blame her. She probably can’t because all of this is too fucked up to comprehend. Because the face he wears now will forever remind her of everything she’s irretrievably lost. On her way out, she passes by Castiel who apparently kept waiting on the other side of the door (of course he did, the restless fucking stalker). Nadya curls into herself and lowers her head, hoping she’ll shrink somehow and he won’t notice her existence at all. But oh, he does, Dean sees that in his eyes. Not good.
“Fuck you,” Dean mutters hopelessly.
“What can?” Castiel asks, irritated.
“God or no God, you have me,” Castiel smiles. “You’ll always have me. Ubi tu, ibi ego.”
“Do I look like doctor Phil to you?” he groans.
Dean imagines spitting in his face, over and over and again but puts that nice thought away. There’s relatively safe shit talking and then there’s biologically contaminating the God with disrespect in physical form and no, that wouldn’t be safe at all. There are people in this house and it’s his last job to protect at least them if he can’t much help anybody else.
“Fine,” Castiel snaps, not that he has a legit reason to other than being a sore loser. “Let me remind you of your road so far, my friend.”
“I’ll pass the message on. I’ll get the fucking chickens. But I’ll say you threatened me with doing something stupid to yourself, so know that if he asks, and he does ask, this will come back to you.”
He still loves him with the echo of his soul, each day less and less because the nothingness is vast and it swallows. His mouth continues to betray: fear rattles around his teeth, when he tries to say anything, he gulps it down, it sinks into the sand. He doesn't deserve to say what he needs.
Aside of the fucking baby.
“Watch your words,” Castiel growls. “He’s not a chew toy.”
Or, if Sunshine doesn’t feel particularly chatty and understanding today, Dean guesses that as last resort, instead of flimsy explanations of any kind, he can always get his face smashed directly into year 3000 to learn the wonders of flying cars, colonization of outer space and his fucking place. As a possibility it definitely ain’t all that far fetched, considering how his technically first officially married day spent together began.
With Dean thinking he could be the rose scaring tigers away with his crooked little thorns. That he could take Raphael and his army on his back like just another cross. That he and his brittle, dust made bones could stand by Castiel’s side, not behind him, on a battle like that and
he is.
There's a knock on the door, the sound itself immediately overriding the alien calmness with a surge of electricity and alertness to the back of his head, where it burns to the point of pain and forgets to cool down. Great, because right next there's his deliberate lack of response being equally deliberately ignored. And then the door opens, the relatively pleasant view of the bland other side unfortunately being ruined by not that pleasant one of Castiel, Castiel’s ego, and Castiel’s Plan For Today, whatever the fuck it is.
The thing does. It feels Dean’s fear, understands it, and it’s scared. It calls to him.
“No. You’ve betrayed me. Me, my family, my trust.”
“Cas, you make me afraid,” he says, voice slightly shaking.
made a stunning drawing for the fic.
“And let me guess. Amplified it to the point of stupidity. I thought you said you won’t try and rewire me.”
Wiping the tears and the life off his face, he makes his way to the bathroom. He locks the door behind him. Then he outdoes himself in futility and barricades the entrance with the washing machine. Why not? Funnier like this. He pours holy oil over the barrier he just made and puts it on fire. Gonna call it ‘lil Springfield, he thinks. Useless probably, but at this point it’s go big or go home. Besides, it will only speed shit up for him. The bathroom isn’t claustrophobically small – nothing in this house is, there always is too much empty space and the house screams with it all the time (just look at the fucking piano room. Dean still doesn’t know why it’s even there). It is, however, modest in size enough that the fire will help quite a lot. Especially with the hot bath he’s now running. A while ago he even considered applying some relaxing oils, but it occurred to him that it’s also pointless. He’s already starting to feel good. Hell, he feels giddy about this. He thinks about undressing. He goes for a compromise in the end, keeping his boxers on for future terms of aesthetics reasons. So he’s prude at the most awkward times (as Cas would point out sometimes, but fuck you, Cas), sue him. He stares at the stupid glass, considers its existence in the context of utility, and goes nah. No need to overdramatize. He already sees this as a diva from a burned down theater kind of a deal, so he better not make it even more stilted than it is. So okay, he fills it with water instead. Tastes foul but it doesn’t matter. He’s spent half of the last night drinking so much it even got Cas’s attention. But fuck Cas and his attention. That’s the whole problem, isn’t it.
“Yes, you didn’t. But do you understand why I asked you to stay put?”
“That’s exactly what I think, you dick. Go ahead and give me one solid reason not to.”
“Everything that makes you you, I love that. Your emotions are crucial to this, messing with them in a way I’m technically capable of, would give me an obedient doll with a pretty face. I don’t want that. I want you. Your soul, your ire. Not just your body, though I want that, too.”
He lets Cas in again. When he does, it’s a clusterfuck loud enough Sam gathers the courage to invade Dean’s room. And oh, God.
Dean has…. No fucking clue… where that is.
“I’m not saying it has to be today. Just… go do your work, Dean. I need to go do mine.”
Probably because he is.
Castiel’s gaze focuses, but not on him. Dean can tell he’s doing the all-seeing thing. What is he looking for, fuck ups?
. Knee-jerk reaction of his heart, is all. The rest of him doesn’t even feel anything at all – it just wants the blade and to some extent perceives his brother as an agent of not letting him have it. This causes a foam of anger to gather in the endless sea of his stomach, but it’s still and unruffled. Idle. The only thing in movement is the throb of pain in the innards of his not entirely dead chest, started by the sight of the sad, broken and hopeless thing that Sam’s face is because of him.
“Yeah, I had the same conclusion.”
are something that occurs on somewhat daily basis and with each one Dean is more convinced that he’s right. It reached a cartoony level of stubbornness and Dean is positive he saw something predatory flash in Castiel’s face at least once when he said his usual line of “that’s all there is to me.” Dean might have shuddered, but if asked, he will deny. But what makes Dean convinced for sure that Cas isn’t Cas and has him lose the very last remains of his hope happens more than a month after he and Cas began their tango of awkwardness. Cas explains he wants to restore the ecological balance on Earth. That there should be more wildernesses, that the Earth shouldn’t be infested with humans to the extent it is now. His very vaguely explained plan involves wiping out an entire country and making it the land where lion can play with the lamb. Dean’s furious.
“I did everything right, for once, lady!”
Castiel gives him the stare that suggests he’s got something to say on the subject, but doesn’t want to drag Dean because of pure politeness.
. Well, Cas either
“The ceremony is outside,” he explains and leads Dean through the aisle.
That does get Castiel going. Going oh so bad and alight in newfound kindness he even courteously nods and gestures at the door, the “i-am-a-creep-nice-guy-and-i-have-chivalry-for-breathing-containers” douchebag fuck that he is. The curiosity in his eyes grows into scrutiny that Dean really, really doesn’t like.
“You wanna know why Sam said yes? Why Castiel did? Because, buddy, this is something you can thank yourself for.”
“The ass? Normally I’d say mom and dad did, but I’m pretty sure Cas picked out this one.”
Dean wants to say: yeah, you are. A boa constrictor that wants to look like a hat. He doesn’t say it only because the comparison would be a great insult to snakes in general, and they have enough on their plates, what with all the nasty PR and being basically heads with really long asses and all.
Crowley, of all shits, is the first to speak.
but he doesn’t even know if he means safe from him, safe from Cas, the general safe, or how you ask about a person that can get hurt. It feels like his body wrote the text for him and omitted any judgment on the conscious parts of the brain (or whatever he’s got left of those, he muses). Intuition votes that what he had in mind was, in fact,
“I’m afraid I am,” Castiel states, jovial.
He’ll take useless ones too in this economy.
“Good,” Castiel murmurs with pride and reaches under the veil, uncovering Dean’s face. He places his warm palm on his reddened cheek. It still stings. Currently though, his eyes sting a lot more. In retrospect, he should have asked Nadya if the mascara is waterproof. “Now show it.”
“So if it’s the dumbest way, we’ll just stop,” Cas shrugs, “and keep looking for something better.”
“Am I going to find some stupid pomegranate seeds there or are you not that hopelessly literal, huh, Hades?”
“I believe you would need a special pass for that. One you did not get.”
“Where are we?”
”Come on, officer!” It whines, spreading Dean’s arms in mock hopeless begging. “It would be like getting to see Rome and not fucking the colosseum!”
His brain is trying to tell him he should think of the possibility that it might not just be the souls, the baobab or whatever it is, but that the potential to become this has always lied within Cas because it has always been an immanent part of his nature. Recent studies on Cas’s confession regarding the fun times in the alleyway show that yes, it was. Even back then. Dean’s heart is still rejecting the evidence and denies any attempt to form a conclusion. Cas wasn’t evil. Cas wasn’t vain. Cas was his friend. Back to square one. It’s like running in circles in the final round of Mario.
“It’s not a Nike commercial, Cas. I don’t feel like it,” he shrugs, already at the door.
The corner of Cas’s mouth curls upwards. He offers Dean the smile that used to be so reassuring and sweet.
“Get more.”
“And then I’ll piss on it.”
. Dean doesn’t bother with correcting it about his debatable motherhood status, that wouldn’t exactly help. And technically, he’s been Sam’s mother in every possible way, down to giving him life (but, like, with hellhounds instead of a c-section), so what difference can it make now? None? Less? He needs a solution not a discussion on semantics, you don’t debate those with children when you want them calm and quiet. In reality, he’s the only adult in the room, he’s gonna fucking act like it.
Castiel isn’t exactly sure what Dean slurred at him last, but as the echo of his cackling wilts abruptly and unnaturally, he goes to hell with his non-aggression and privacy respect policy once and for all. He undoes the door with a thought and rushes towards the tub, untouched by the fire, eyes already filling with tears. In pink water, Dean lies pale and cold. Just when the last noise of pulse drowns beneath Castiel’s shaking fingers, he denies death its final right. Carefully, he takes Dean out of the water (he’s still not breathing).
What did he even
He’s almost curious what has to be currently showing on his face that she made such an assessment and decided to vocalize it, regardless of the dangerous circumstances. She’s not wrong, technically. He’s scared. Simply because his favorite God commanded so, he woke up in a foreign set of bones and he’s got no idea how to use it since the pack didn’t come with a manual. All he knows is that it’s supposed to come with the unique option of childbirth the original model didn’t have, which is exactly why he has it now. He’s also about to stop being a person and officially become a property, more or less, as the script very strongly suggests. Despite being a textbook example of near cryptic purple prose (and blasphemy), it leaves very little room for interpretation. So yeah, there’s definitely a lot for him in store, waiting just around the corner and it would be insane not to be at least a little bit fucking unsettled.
As he opens the door, it turns out that Castiel in fact does, but Dean’s not gonna lie, that’s hardly any consolation. On a particularly nonsensical and abstract level, it’s actually kinda insulting? Like, what does that mean - if, in theory, he and Cas...
Now he's back on floor one, guided by desperation and a weak conclusion that the little clam devil most likely belongs to Nadya. And this is where his intuition runs dry and where improvisation begins.
“And?”
Dean’s mouth slowly cracks into a bitter grimace as he backs away in disgust. “You drove right into my head to check it. Has nothing to do with believing me.”
Castiel puts it in its place barehanded, pinning Dean’s head to the desk with his own.
Next stage, apologies:
“What have you done?” he sighs. “Damn it, Cas." He feels like an echo. And also like a liar. His body is thrilled with the hell-sent turn of events.
“I’m sorry. What I’ve done was wrong. I was being desperate. Now I understand. And I can’t do this to you. I’m so sorry for doing this to you in the first place, Dean.”
“And are you rewired, Dean? That’s not how I see it.”
“With one of these things I could have financially helped if you’re that into back pains.”
finally gets through. What he sees as he returns only confirms his suspicions. Someone had Dean covered with a white sheet, like a corpse. Castiel finds it extremely offending, so he tears the cloth off, furious. He takes Dean’s pulse. It’s barely there, only he in all his power can feel it deep under the surface of silence. His organs, as he checks them, appear to be stagnant, but not entirely shut off. Dean’s body is waiting on stand-by, fully healed, warm and rosy again – no paleness, no bloody wounds on his wrists. And Castiel has no idea what is stopping him from opening his cold, distant eyes. By all accounts, he should. Castiel made sure to catch him before he dies. He still senses Dean’s soul, although it appears to be mangled. Then again, Castiel thinks, it already was when he met him.
Now it’s Dean who pulls the sheet away behind his head, making it look like a grim parody of a wedding veil. He stares at Castiel like he’s a particularly stupid six year old in dire need of having some very basic information explained.
“No, you’re not.”
Jealous? Like what? Is mysterious Jeremy also banned on pants but covets them?
“Okay,” Dean gives up and with a substantial amount of anger and determination, he shimmies his legs out of confinement and gets onto re-folding.
Castiel looks back right at him in morbid silence at that.
“Lemme guess, magic?” Dean asks, knowing the answer and feeling very, very tired.
Dean is pretty sure question marks are hanging above his head right now. So many of them, all glittery.
“You want me to call Batman or the Ghostbusters with that thing? The fuck do you even want to bust — your own ass?”
Castiel reaches to his white slacks’ pocket and offers Dean a ring. It looks pretty generic. Gold and plain, no writings on it, no nothing.
Why did he come here with it?
“Why, Dean,” comes a soft smile that curls around the gravel voice. “I’m the one who raised you from perdition.”
“I made a choice? Fuck, Cas, where do I even begin? My options were either I go or Sam dies. Which twelve times out of ten doesn’t sit well with me and you know it. You not only used that against me like the sick fuck you are, you were the one who broke him in the first place!” Dean shouts as his palms ball into fists. “On purpose!” he adds uselessly.
“Until you came here tonight, wearing my wedding gifts, you had.”
“This is dinner. You need nutrition and I am making sure you will receive it. Keeping you company, too. I didn’t safehouse and marry you so you would end up sitting here all alone, obviously. It seems to affect your mood. You were lonely for so long, I won’t let this be. I made you a promise, haven’t I.”
“Alright. Assuming I do give you that stapler,” he begins, serious.
“Dean’s dead,” he whispers.
Bombarded with this, Dean waits. Until he’s sure no more words are going to fall. Until he can’t keep it in anymore, though he tries.
“Wrapping this up, then. Do try to keep your disappointment to yourself for approximately two minutes,” he murmurs.
That’s a warning, not a question. Dean ignores the evident threat.
There’s the unmistakable rustle of wings, which only proves that it’s not Cas. Cas’s wings are done for.
“I think we are, yes,” Castiel says and with that, he raises his fingers towards Dean once more, which, no.
“Well, I ain’t eating that pie.”
Throughout his entire life his name was invoked in many terrifying and unpleasant ways, but this one takes the fucking cake.
Someone fucking thinks the case is dismissed, huh? Well, no. Not today, ugly bitch, not today.
But on the other hand, he has no idea how long he will stay locked up in the house when they return. Maybe another forty something days, maybe forever. For all he knows, this could be his last fucking chance to enjoy the air, to enjoy anything.
“Dean?” he tries.
“I’M NOT GONNA SWOOP IN EVERYTIME THE COMA SLUT DEFIES CASTIEL AND MAKES THINGS GO TO HELL FOR NO REASON! LET HER DO THE EXPLAINING IF SHE’S SO PRECIOUS! GO TELL HER THAT!”
“It's fine,” Castiel tells him mildly and somewhat absent-mindedly as he runs his eyes over the list. “Neither of those things followed, though, did they?” he adds with a nick of snark in his otherwise peaceful tone. “Everything from your list will be easy to acquire. Looks like a very uncomplicated soup. Would you like me to stock up some more of this for the future, Dean?”
“Dean doesn’t need help,” Castiel growls dangerously. “Not yours, not anyone’s.”
Instead of acknowledging Cas’s presence, he hopelessly stares at the terrified woman in the mirror. At himself. But Castiel wants his presence to be known.
It got really boring at this point. The long face, the how dare yous, the half-assed justifications. Like some fucking elevator music playing in the distance, all of it.
“I’m only here to unplug you. We’ve talked when you sulked, Death and me. He gave me a way to help you. My soul is a passage between the world and Purgatory. I’m not fully dead and to be honest I’m not fully human either. Been part demon, been a vampire and it’s enough. Stuck between Purgatory and here, my soul’s been cleansing you and putting the souls back ever since you entered.”
A blow to the back of his head (ow), but there’s no Castiel in sight when he turns around, hissing in both annoyance and pain. Just the book again (oh, come on). Which must have fled at calculated optimal speed, just to bother the living shit out of Dean but not add to the mystery drops or to whoop him unconscious (amazing, thanks).
“By the way, Castiel, I have an announcement: I want to make a soup.”
This is how (or why) it gets worse. And worse and worse and worse and worse and worse and—
“Are you always going to parrot the word soup back at me whenever I use it? Is this going to be a thing now? God, Castiel, please let's not make it into a thing, okay? I'm too tired and shit like that eats at my life span,” he complains. Castiel only cringes so the fate of soup being or not being a thing in the future for now remains unknown to Dean. “I remember you graciously complimented me learning so well and so fast and saying yes. Then I must have passed out, or so you say, so thanks for the lesson, bitch. Worked like a charm. Keep doing that more often and I’ll forget how to swallow and then you’ll be really sorry.”
“And we’re done after that.”
“Him or every single hunter I can find.”
Nails of Cas’s palm are digging into his skin. Dean winces, but dresses himself in a smile once more.
“Oh, that. No, not this time. I had a fall out with gnome scissors. I need bigger scissors.”
“Anything wrong with these?”
“Yet.”
“Fine,” Castiel placates. “You’ll show me the unfathomable and world-changing depths of your nagging. All the nagging there is and more. Later,” he groans tiredly. “Now I want you to focus. Can you do that for me?” he asks politely.
“You’re insufferably childish, Dean,” Castiel comments dryly. “Get yourself together for once.”
“Fun fact: when he was told to kill you, a dummy version of you said that three hundred times. And he still killed you.”
“No, we're not, actually,” Dean spits, somehow both cold as ice and fuming. “How fucking dare you say shit like this three inches away from my face, you fucking two faced worm!? I don't even care anymore where you get your romance reference points from, but God, there should be a movie about people not being things, not being property for breeding, not being trophies! And in the end the girl should get to shoot the rapist asshole in the face, and I swear, I will make you watch it until the message sticks. I will fucking shoot you in the face, man.”
“That?” Dean repeats, literally pointing with his finger at the door like a child.
“A heart doesn’t need a context, Dean,” Lucifer points out. “Imagine what he felt when you told me you have the hots for our favorite young lady.”
“Yeah and what you told me was,” disturbing, “crap,” now there’s a better word.
“Not like that,” Dean says tiredly, taking a sip of his so not good Dr Pepper and wishing it was whiskey.
“Oh, that's interesting,” Dean says, wanting to hit a sugary sweet note, but getting out something terribly uneven and far from collected instead. Well, shoot. “I'm so touched in all my soft places, honey. Without my consent, as usual,” he comments, tone successfully paler. “Now can you just fucking explain why is the dining room door locked? I thought we had a rule that explicitly says this house is meant to be open not just for you, but also for me.”
So far, right now…no??
“You’re no lady, Winchester,” the guy snarls and presses the knife harder.
He snaps his fingers.
“Well, you have to make it that far, first,” Bobby reminds him. “And we don’t even know what we’re dealing with right now, Dean.”
“Dean,” comes unmistakably Bobby's voice, shaken and worried in a way Dean hasn't heard in a long, long while. “Is that you? How are you even calling?”
But it’s also a small, selfish thing and he knows that. He allows it this once – for the first and for the last time.
– Castiel cries. –
“What for? Do you want to mop the floors with me later or what?”
“Like I said, it’s for purging your noggin. It’s anti-baobab.”
“Just to annoy me,” Castiel seethes. “It’s nothing permanent,” he concludes, softly brushing a thumb down Dean’s cheek. “It’s childish anger cause he didn’t get what he wants.” He tries to regain composure and fails at that spectacularly. Tired, he only achieves the opposite. “I don’t even know what he fucking wants,” he adds, resigned. “But I’ll extract that information.”
Of course he suddenly is.
He just stares. Stares as he lets the water run; stares as he, void of any thought, frees himself from the dress and disgusting mormon porn underwear.
“Well, go choke,” Dean snarls quietly. “What the absolute fuck is going on there?” he asks Bobby much louder. “Tell him to piss off, we don't need that kind of damage right now.”
The way Dean sees it, this one move has no explanations that wouldn't at base involve the goal of Castiel popping himself nicer, harder, and nastier boners in accord to his eyes and heart’s desires, which no. Plain no, fuck no, and hell no.
The guy’s expression doesn’t change, not even a bit. Probably because it couldn’t possibly get any more loathing.
in Castiel’s head. He wanted one for Dean after all, fucking didn’t he.
“Dean.”
Illinois’s done nothing wrong. For once, Dean doesn’t care. He’s done nothing wrong either. Sometimes people just get screwed, no matter how hard they try. Like him. He tried so damn hard. He reasoned, he explained, he apologized, he excused, he believed. He begged, he broke down, he put those pretty gifts on, down to the gold wreath-shaped necklace (which Cas insists is not a collar). He even sucked dick like he meant it (that is a miracle since he really, really did not). First for Cas, then for Sam, lastly for what formerly was the Russian Federation and is now about to be “Dean’s Garden”. And this is a very shitty name because:
Well, today’s him saying no to the brightest of all futures. There’s gonna be no more briding, or friending, or courting, or buddy-paling, or taming, or guiding or loving or keeping him around. This is Dean’s me-time. This is his fucking swan song, and it goes like:
“I’m so sorry,” he says, cringing at the unrecognizable notes his words make. He’s not going to get used to this, is he? “I’ll make sure nothing happens to you, Oksana. Or to other girls,” he promises.
“Where are you going with this and why?”
“Not much,” Cas answers conversationally. “Mostly talk,” he shrugs innocently, suddenly so goddamn fluent in small talk and this, of all things, tells Dean this isn’t Cas.
“You son of a bitch, this is insane,” he sneers and before he can think better of it, he throws a fist at Cas’s jaw. This time Castiel doesn’t turn away and the fist connects with solid stone. Dean hisses in pain, there are broken fingers involved. Castiel grabs him by the wrist and squeezes.
Whatever now lives inside – it hums. Resonates some kind of tranquility within him, but all it does in the end is create a rift between the layers of his consciousness. He’s getting stressed about getting de-stressed. So he gets de-stressed, which stresses him. Rinse and repeat, a perpetuum mobile once set in motion, unlikely to ever stop. The gesture makes him think of petting a whimpering dog to soothe it in fear. It all makes his skin crawl: the pity-born mercy, the pecking order position where he's an animal, a trapped, scared one at that. And the awareness of it simply happening—because he shouldn't be hosting any mojo, any sentient unborns in his body—strips away from him the ability to think clear enough. Which fucking sucks because he needs that one a whole fucking lot right now.
Gravel, sharp, clearly a warning. Fuck yes, he’s getting so close to getting clocked again. Might as well speed shit up.
The look Castiel pierces him with puts all those nice and self-assuring theories right into the dump and shuts the fucking lid. Time to reevaluate.
Without sitting back down, Dean digs in, and as soon as his mouth connects with his brain, he almost fucking chokes. And then he yells. Like full on offended bitch yells.
“You were crying,” Castiel tries, placating and contrite. “I simply knew you would be too recalcitrant to tell me why.”
He agrees. He doesn’t remember what they watched. What he remembers is that Dean still didn’t eat on that day. Or the next day. Or a week and a half later when Cas showed up again (looking stressed) and stole his brother for a night once more.
“Well what?”
“Yes, I would. Are you by any chance willing to do anything about this for me, Dean?”
With matching fervor, Dean pulls the sheet back on. “You were expected to fuck off,” he explains.
“Yeah, I don’t even know why I expected anything else.”
“I’ve told you. I’m not going to—”
“Yeah?” he prompts, throat sore. Like it or not, he needs to figure out what the fuck does this thing want first. Number one rule of know your monster is… know your monster (and don’t talk about loving the monster club).
Speaking is getting kind of hard, so Dean hopes there isn’t a lot of questions ahead. He coughs out some blood and continues wheezing. He lets his head rest finally, too tired to keep it up.
There is a chance that he
“Because I need you by my side,” he explains.
spits at him.
“There’d be nothing to fix if you hadn’t fucked it up”, she counters.
The problem is he doesn’t see that many of them.
“And you’re mine to take all from you,” Cas goes on, dreamily.
“Not like this, no.”
There is a difference between want and need. He needed it to gank Abaddon. He’s had and enjoyed it when he was dead and there was nothing left to need, he’s had it ripped away from him like skin (and it hasn’t healed yet). He’s spent, what, years without it trying to cope, to re-adapt, to live, all to no avail. He wouldn’t get pure (because there was never anything clean in him to begin with, no matter how much rust and blood and dirt, he’ll scratch off, there still will be filth underneath, he reminds himself). He tried to atone, but the peace of other people is never his.
This is gonna be nothing like it, obviously. Nothing like the post hunt meaningless lays, either. And nothing like the sex he’s already had with Cas, probably, although this is deemed to be the closest possible thing. Remembering his own recent memories of these too eventful experiences, he sighs, hopeless and somewhat accepting. It’s not like he has choices, after all. Cas has just shown him he shouldn’t even want to have them, not anymore. Unless he really feels like having fresh blood on his hands, now quite literally, which he doesn’t. His every single “no,”, “I can’t” or “I won’t” is a harbinger of death, so he ideally should erase those phrases from his dictionary and those concepts from his mind. At least for the next few hours.
After taking all of this into brief consideration, he’s not even sure if there’s a point in bringing any of it up. Not that he trusts himself to be able to keep quiet because he doesn’t. What he is sure about is that he’s never felt dirtier in his topside life. It still doesn’t beat some of the rack’s biggest surprises or the first days playing the butcher, before his soul understood it’s not going to be tortured anymore and spiralled into euphoria. But it’s a very close second.
He carefully leaves out the fact that Dean made that remark specifically because of him.
He doesn’t stay away for long. Intuition is telling him that something’s wrong. The message of
*****
“And this,” Dean finally speaks, aiming for casual disinterest, “would be the dumbest thing you’ve ever said and why I hate you so much.”
“Angels don’t have shark weeks, Dean.”
“Soup?” Castiel echoes. “Would you care to elaborate?”
This sounds bad, but still beats staying here.
“I’ve swallowed worse,” Dean counters, looking Castiel dead in the eye. “You worried ‘cause this isn’t white anymore?” he inquires. And takes a sip. “Have you ever seen spoiled milk? Ever drank it?” he asks, frowning in contempt. “Still can be all in white and misleading. Stinks as fuck, though. This? At least I know what I’m drinking. From the very start to the very end, no tiny font extras to fuck with me later. A rare luxury these days,” he shrugs, takes another sip.
“The back yard?” Dean suggests whiningly because to him it was kind of obvious. “Something wrong with it?”
He wonders how the fuck did he even forget. It’s the absolutely fundamental thing about angels; about Castiel, most of all, especially in these beautifully improved circumstances of theirs: Castiel is not a person even if he wants to be one. At least not currently.
“So if I’m going to be healed, come with me. I’ll fix everything, I promise,” Castiel begs.
Slowly and carefully, Castiel sheathes himself in. It’s weird and kind of mildly threatening. Draped over him, Cas begins to move. And when this happens, all of Dean’s bones shatter to dust. He is no more. He wants to cry, but there is no time to mourn his own demise. His friend, also known as God, rocks into him gently and he just kind of takes it: the warm breath against his skin, the wet kisses to his neck and breasts. There is a slow, stable pace to all of this, and once Dean accommodates to it, he finds that it’s not going anywhere. And if it is, it’s going to take forever. Time to make a decision.
“Benevolent,” Dean echoes flatly. “Do you sometimes listen to yourself speak? Come on, man. This isn’t you.”
“So now what? Destroy the infidels?” Dean hisses.
“Oh”, Dean pouts, “where is her independence now?”
Castiel sighs, possibly in exasperation catalysed by Dean’s absolute lack of understanding. His hands clutch at the dress with the desperation of a drowning man. Or of a wrathful god that is about to lose his only followers. Yeah, that would be more fitting.
“Give in!” Castiel whines, shaken.
And he wants - he demands - his name back. No, this isn’t how things are to be, this needs to be fixed.
God, that sounded like three combined Emmy culmination point speeches for like five different liberating movies. He’s glad that he at least remembered the fuck you for a wrapping because it would’ve been a waste of air without it.
“Don't make ruckus!” She scolds as she quietly closes the door behind them. Dean stares at her bland white shirt and equally bland white PANTS, which as whole make her look like she's wearing scrubs. In a different world it would never be a look he'd actually envy. In this one he does. He guesses that says a lot about the current state of the universe.
“Yes.”
Nice lie, nice pie on his plate, but no, they’ve never been any of those things, certainly not together.
“Hi,” he croaks instead, a less dangerous syllable for now.
“Are you sure there’s no slap on left to put on?” He can’t believe he just said that. He well knows it’s done. He’s a painted whore (again), good as new. Perfect. There’s nothing more to add, unless they’re doing this in some kind of fucked up order that makes no sense. But then again, what does? “Foundation?” he suggests, hopeful.
Lucifer comes closer, the tips of his shoes touch Dean’s feet. “No, you won’t,” he says and kisses Dean, startling him. “This time you will watch him destroy the world.” He laughs. “Darkness rode within you and light now rides within him, isn’t that poetic? He looked at you back then and knew that he lost you. Now you’ll look at me and know that you lost him,” he hums.
“Guess I never even knew you then,” he says through gritted teeth and watches hurt flash briefly through Castiel’s too composed face.
“You’re terrified, aren’t you?” she whispers à propos of nothing, shocking him with her courage to speak.
“You weren’t so shy when you fucked me while I was roofied unconscious!” he snarls at the door. “Or when you burned down my legs and the insides of my cunt!” That’s a wild guess there but it makes as much sense as any. “So why the fuck do you play nice knocking, you fuck damn pharisee?!”
Sam says
Dean shrugs. “Yeah. So?”
This? Now?
“It’s vital.”
Castiel nods and pulls him closer.
Dean sighs. Yeah, he’d love to.
“Nonsense, Dean,” Castiel says, loudly talking over Crowley. “He’s a too useful pest to go to waste. We need assets like that. You might be fooled into believing he really is on your side, but the beautiful moment he finally understands you don't stand a chance, he will wrap himself back into my flag. Isn't that how you roll, Crowley? Your survival instinct has proven to be stronger than all those generic loyalty-blinded demons’. Well, most of the time. You seem to malfunction when it comes to my consort’s body, so allow me to remind you one last time,” Castiel warns coldly. “It is mine, he is mine, his soul is mine, and all of these things belong to me. Looking at Dean belongs to me. Liking what I see belongs to me. Making any use of that belongs to me,” he snarls. “I appreciate your services, but don't think I am above replacing you with a shit on a stick if I'll have to and carving you into Christmas decorations for just one more vaguely lustful transgression.”
Free will is a beautiful thing. But it only exists as long as it’s allowed. Enabled. It’s not that free. And maybe Dean was right that destiny doesn’t make the rules and get to wear the crown.
Dean just shrugs again. This is too big a tape ball of bull to unmake so he doesn't bother at all.
And then he takes a step back. And another one. And another one.
“He renamed me.”
. He doesn’t know how to compete with the power of the blade, with the blood and barbwire bond Dean shares with it. Livid and driven by the malicious thing (he knows, but denies for the second time), he punches Dean in the face to what Dean bites down his broken lip and moans as if it was the highest pleasure ever given to him. Scratches harder, draws blood. Castiel hits him again.
“You wound me, love,” Crowley whines, muffled but sadly decipherable enough.
“It’s bad, isn’t it,” he muses knowingly. As if he understood.
“Then believe me that ultimately the world is better off without you. It always was. You need to be stopped before the monsters are born. And that’s it.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He thinks, desperation blooming blisters in his hearts, all of them broken:
He undoes the knot which Dean tied one onto another until he ran out of ribbon to make more. Such a taunting child, always so eager to stick his tongue at the face of God, any God, especially his. Unraveled, Dean’s skin shines, not just with the beauty Castiel so fiercely adores, but with a mark of a vast, deep wound. Castiel presses his hand onto it and reads the memory of Dean’s body, it opens itself to him with no inhibition, with no shyness, begging to be seen and handled. Just like Dean when he’s pressed in all the right ways (and Castiel knows them by all of his hearts).
“No,” he states firmly because all of this is wrong.
“You should see this as a gift, Dean. This is a lifetime opportunity to get more pleasure from sex than you ever received. I can make this good for you. You don’t need to be afraid. You just have to trust me.”
The meticulous cleanliness he associated with it is gone now. And that’s kind of an understatement. It’s a bigger mess than Sam’s face was during his puberty. Especially around the fucking desk. Not only rightfully does it make his skin crawl as it has his memories crawling upwards, too, but his head starts literally pounding for some reason. So bad it blurs the resurfacing images. Doesn’t help much. They’re not just repeating vaguely in his head. They’re carved into his heart, into the undersides of his ribs, into every inch of his body. Even this body. Every picture. Every ugly sound that ran with them.
“I’m not giving you a paperweight, Dean—” yeah, cause Dean doesn’t even have any pap—“I’m giving you a phone call.”
“I could have sent him to hell or thrown him into the void. Instead, his soul went to heaven where he can relive his most cherished moments with the people he lost. I had you reward him, essentially.”
“I’m sorry, Dean.”
kind of flavor. The first few seconds it takes to adjust and get all the pant-shitting brain cells to stop fucking screeching always spectacularly suck.
“We need to set new terms to the… agreement,” and Dean thinks deal, you son of a bitch you wanted to say deal like a black eyed bitch, you did.
The voice is louder this time, sly and smooth in a way Dean’s isn’t. His body jolts upright and awake, stiff and unhuman like an animated corpse. His eyes snap open, it takes them a disgusting while to remotely focus and lazily drift towards Castiel’s quiet fuming. It smiles, appreciative, way too wide, threatening to make Dean’s face rip from the muscle strain. “Knock, knock!”
“Instead of what?” he knows. But he just wants to find out what Dean will tell him now. Or in two days. Or in a week, if they even make it that long (something in Sam’s guts tells him
He wonders if Dean can hear him. Petting his hair, he starts with, “how dared you,” which unsurprisingly doesn’t earn him a response. “I don’t understand,” he says and he thinks
“I’ll go get you a new one,” Castiel says and gets up in a bullcrap attempt at reconciliation.
3. I am however super open to any other questions and chit-chats and srs discussions!!!
Now his knowledge upon how pregnancies work is very limited, but he’s pretty fucking certain that this is too damn soon. He looks down on his stomach and it still appears to be flat. Something stirs again.
“And?” Sam prods.
“Agreement,” Dean huffs in contempt and Castiel seems to let that note of hatred slide.
After making sure none of those can be reached from the chair on the other side, he sits down and waits, forcing oblivious innocence on his face. Gotta throw a little Stepford into this Springfield shit.
It coincidentally also happens to be perfectly true since his options were limited to either going with cherry lip gloss or strawberry and that’s pretty much it.
Castiel doesn’t let go entirely, only allows an arm’s length of a rift. Keeps his palm an unrealistically heavy weight on Dean’s shoulder.
“You were always my confidant,” he smiles. “You’re special, Dean.”
“This is humiliating,” Dean groans while he can still be coherent about this. “You made your point, now let me down. I don't want to sit so close to your dick when I really don't have to.”
“You gotta be shitting me,” Dean snorts and Castiel tenses again. “What kind of a name is this,” he murmurs to himself, amused to no end. Castiel guesses it could have gone worse, all possible outcomes considering. “Who was it that hated you so much? Your mom or your dad?”
“Be quiet! He might hear us.”
Back to his bathroom. There’s no way Castiel can be this thorough.
For the first time he comes to understand, finally. Clarity and fear run through him in an electrocuting, painful chill striking at every fucking synapse he has, and he sees that Castiel is not just more than meets the eye, more than that weird dude with a sometimes convenient, but sometimes dangerous mojo at his disposal, a dude who also happens to have the unique thing where he can try to show off and ruffle the wings Dean can’t really see beyond a shadow-ish, non-threatening hint, anyway.
“So can I.”
“Come with me and we can have all the talk in the world,” he counters, firm. “And Sam,” he adds.
Hold the fuck up.
“Why not, Cesar,” Castiel laughs dryly. “Coming towards death, I salute you still.”
But isn’t his fucking life just full of surprises today in particular.
“Sure,” Dean nods, slightly relieved Nadya is out of trouble for now. “If that won't be a problem to you.”
contact enough.”
is missing as if it was never there. Means to an end – he concludes yet another time and bitterly supposes that his and Cas’s idea of a proper end to this are two different things. This is a matter they certainly need to discuss, but not now – not to ruin the mood. Or, to be honest: the lack of it. He undresses rather inelegantly, all tired, frustrated movements, as if he were doing chores, not preparing for pleasure.
“Yeah, well I said what I said,” Dean barks back, aims for sounding unaffected and misses. Tries again. “So quit crawling in my head, you cheap parasite and hit me with your best chair.” Okay, now it sounded better. Except for the part where he offered his head to a chair and Castiel can kinda make that suggestion a thing.
“Why would you ask that?”
Dean’s not sure what the question refers to exactly, but whatever it is, the answer is still no. Length-wise, there’s a whole fucking phone book of things he’s not okay with and Castiel is directly responsible for every single one of them, so it’s super annoying that he’s asking.
“You wait here,” Nadya instructs. “I need tools, so I'll have to speak with the asshole,” she says with disgust.
“Why do you want to make both of us miserable on the day of our wedding?”
“Yeah, Castiel,” Dean chimes in. “What do we need hellspawn for?” The hold on his neck tightens and Dean tenses involuntarily. “I think we asked the wrong question, pal,” he grins at Crowley triumphantly. “Let’s ask a different one. How important is tentacle baby-flavored ice cream to you, Cas?”
“That’s your first gift, isn’t that obvious?”
Dean would love to, but he can’t fucking hush. It’s impossible to hush. Whatever it is, it gets more violent and determined, stronger. That’s where the screaming begins. It takes him a while to understand that it’s his own. He doesn’t care, doesn’t control it. It’s not him screaming anyway, it’s his soul. He writhes and thrashes around, finally frees himself from Cas’s grip, but falls on the bed again, this time on his stomach. Unable to run away from the cage of his own body, he curls himself into something small and broken, now tearing his throat into shreds, sounds of agony muffled into the uncaring pillow. He’s pretty sure he’s crying.
It’s Sam who ends up calling Cas.
Cas steals yet another kiss from Dean’s mouth, slow and thorough but staying within the confines of decency. Dean plays along with the act and kisses back like the good, loving bride he is. He tastes the baobab, myriads of monsters. He tastes his fate. He hates it.
“Not so much fun anymore when done to you, huh, mister One Ring To Rule That One?” it asks, everything painting itself on Dean’s face a textbook example of pure, undiluted mockery. “Geez, who do you think did all that, the ghost of last christmas or someone from The Village People? Course it was you, silly! Well, your form and ball gown you, not you-you. We have a feeling you wouldn’t manage to stop yourself from eating now and crying later if the time we spent in your celestial bowels just watching the drama is any indication. You really got issues, pal. But they’re a gift that keeps on giving. Literally, by the way, you know that? Not that we’re complaining. We are so not complaining.”
“Dean,” Cas goes with the authoritative tone at its finest, but it has no effect on Dean.
Is Dean supposed to bark at that or what? Is he a Good Boy?
“There’s shitton of downsides to saying no, trust me.”
“I’ve taken Ben away from you. I want to fix this. I want you to have something to focus on. To cherish. To live for. Something that isn’t your brother. Or me,” he says softly, petting Dean’s hair that is now a complete, hair spray-caked mess after the encounter with the guy he technically killed.
He wonders if this is what his mother felt like: struck with ache and panic like a deer trapped in headlights, seeing that he, the child, was already deep in the family mud even though all she wanted to do was to keep him out. He remembers her face, the widest smile, the most cheerful tone, no light in her eyes, only tears.
“Does he know anything?” Cas asks.
“Take that fucking hand off my back,” he groans. First things first, the hand needs to go.
Castiel sighs.
He wonders if Cas is gonna respect his autonomy and wait or assert his authority as his God by coming in anyway. Doesn’t matter. Fuck you, Cas.
“It’s a health bomb in a bowl, kid. Puts you back on your feet in no time, magic killing all the crap that bed-ties you and you feel so much better,” he explains as he sits down and stares at the control panel, wondering if he should take it for a spin, just for the sake of raising Castiel’s electricity bill at this point. Because of spite and nothing else. Maybe if Dean won’t take Castiel out of the game, capitalism will.
“For this exactly you will burn. God is a coward and he wasn’t as insulted, as robbed. You made fun of my claim, desecrated my most important spoils of war, my beloved. He will not belong to you, not to anyone, not even to himself. For that alone I will can you down along with God. Have your idiotic reunion there and not in my conjugal bed. Not in my consort.”
“Like what? Your muse?”
“Well, are there any?”
“I know how that’s done.”
“I am your friend!” Castiel insists.
“Do you think I’m not prepared?”
Not exactly what he’d be looking for in a husband if he wanted one.
“Oh, man. Did you really have to disappoint me with that hip SUV shit?”
“How many times do I have to tell you: it’s temporary, I regret it and I’ve done it for your own good,” Castiel recites like he recited at least fifteen times just this month.
“I'm sorry,” Castiel says, sounding small and human and Dean ain't buying. “It's my fault.”
“What do you mean?”
“That’s nonsense,” Castiel huffs, standing up. “My Father created the whole world. I can recreate one man.”
“Then why is the world broken, huh?”
“I’m cleaning the primordial one.”
Quick and quiet, he makes it to the only pair of doors that are at the end of the hall, not on its sides. It’s where he would put the bathrooms, but fuck only knows if Castiel thinks alike.
“Oh, yeah? Then when?” Dean asks, agitated because it makes no sense. He agreed to the whole thing at some point between very late last night or very early this morning. And he does not recall Cas getting up to conjure a speech in the middle of the night. The hold of his arms was firm and strong and it lasted until the very morning, without a pause. So something’s fucking not right here and it stinks.
“I won’t let that happen,” he states.
Castiel lets him go.
Asking the right questions from the start, this one. Dean walks on, proud.
“It’s not my concern now.”
“Yeah. I’m supposed to take you someplace,” he says upon standing up. He grabs his suit jacket. “So get ready.”
Of course he doesn’t spend the next four days sleeping and of course his little brother’s got a handful of good reasons to cry his way through this, which he does. Dean sees this in the swollen redness of Sam’s eyes when they fleetingly meet Dean and his own blood-shot stare. Like two sides of a coin, the reason for this comes down to one fucking thing, motivations differing as far as only differences go.
“You’re taking shit out of context,”
“Never mind. Are we good to go now?” he asks, although, truth be said, he’d keep on standing here and bitching ad infinitum if he only could because the attractions that are meant to follow are hardly alluring.
Once he’s fronting the door, he can’t help but stare at it in growing unease with a side of fear. Tastes better than the disappointment did back then, anyway. Dean pushes the door open.
“I felt so hopeless. So lost, so angry.”
It’s ambrosia. And he’s not just drunk. No, he’s wasted.
He’s being replaced with the poison Dean cradled in his arm for so long.
“Praise be to God,” she says, voice devoid of emotion. He can still see it in her eyes, though: fear.
Dean’s not sure how to get the message across without actually lifting his face from the pillow, where it’s safely hidden from the remains of the world. And Cas. He groans until his body vibrates with the sound. This is so not helping his throat. He did not think it through. Fuck it, fuck the pillow. Plan B it is. He attempts to lift himself entirely, but no dice. His arms are too weak to manage his weight. Castiel catches him before he falls on the sheets in defeat and maneuvers him into a sitting position, with his back resting against the headboard.
“You seem worried.”
“We know, we know.” It waves Dean’s hand dismissively. The body control still keeps being disturbing. He’s the only one justified in doing that and he has never, not once, misused or abused that power, but this thing is doing it just to frustrate him more. “We have eaten enough TV trivia soaked souls to get the idea just fine but even if we wanted to, we can’t feel worried. Not even God could kill us, so he had to lock us up and intentionally never tell you feathered idiots where he put us to avoid shitting his pants in case of a family reunion. Face it, what’s the best you can do? Write us a parking ticket for parking and fooling around between these two fine legs?” it taunts, waving Dean’s legs like a child. “Such good legs. Thanks for the biological sex lifting, by the way. Considerably more fat on this version. And we don’t like our meat too lean. The fat is just what makes it work, you know?”
“Which one bothers you more?” he asks, genuinely curious and worried.
“Lucifer,” Dean spits, terrified. Not of the devil, but of Cas’s decision. What damage could he possibly fucking have to make such a stupid choice?
Dean looks away and goes to the bookshelves. Doesn’t really have it in him to check the most evidently wrong part of the room if he absolutely doesn’t have to. Doesn’t feel particularly guilty for it either. Any court aside of his Dad and Sam would have excused him, but hey, they’re not exactly here to judge and no, a coma doesn’t get a vote. And, actually, even if it did, Dean has at least eight votes since he’s the one remolded, chained and pregnant, so whatever bitchface Sam could hypothetically try to serve in lieu of an actual solid argument is simply overruled by default.
Dean squishes his fear and tries to think of Sam.
“That angel-cancer again?” he grits, pretty sure he’ll go blind and choke on his own stomach within the next few minutes.
That shuts him up.
Everything in Dean stumbles at that, it puts his hatred off it's momentum. A rare sight like this one sends out tiny, confused wisps of light; of hope that maybe somewhere deep at the core, under the dirt, the power, the pride, there's still the Castiel he remembers, the Cas he can and should save; that his mind got scrambled with, got butchered, and not simply freed from the filters and confines of limitations and inhibitions which Castiel shed easily and gladly like temporary skin, a cocoon to mothman his ass from or something. Dean doesn’t even know what. He’s at a loss. He’s at many, many concurrently experienced losses.
“I’m not done yet?!” Dean interjects, disregarding Cas’s copy-paste input. He heard that song and he’s beyond bored with it.
“Don’t you dare,” Dean growls quietly and Cas stares at him in genuine surprise. “I want you to see what you’ve done every time you look at me until it heals, so you’ll have reference regarding next time.”
Oh, God. He gulps down more just to wash that view away, along with those two already haunting him. Nope, would have to be whiskey. This isn’t working. It’s still there, eating out his eyelids. Fuck fucking fuck.
“You missed,” Dean grits, incredulous.
“It’s vital that you stay out of my head, you nasty Peeping Tom asshole.”
“I did not touch your emotions. I did not make you feel what you don’t feel, Dean. At least not emotionally. That’s sacred to me.”
“Oh no, you didn’t, you shitfaced motherfu--”
He’s about to find out. Tonight he’s not watching the sunset. He’s too done for that. Also, a job awaits him. Just another job, he tells himself. All the monsters in hell probably laugh at him now but he tries to be above self-pity. It’s his fault, he reminds himself. He earned this. God, the day he fell for Cas and his mind spat out his first “what if,” he wasn’t careful what he wished for. Now he has Cas without a war, without a stick in his ass, a Cas that wants to fuck him (obvious from how he touches him and how he looks at him when he thinks Dean doesn’t see) and somehow it went wrong. This isn’t what he wanted, but this is what he has and he’ll have to deal with that.
“That’s bullshit.”
“What,” Dean huffs, offended. “No wooing? No courting? No candled dinner first? Where are my damn flowers?”
“I don't think so, Dean,” Castiel huffs amused as he carries him back to the table, to Dean's chair, but instead of putting him down, he takes the chair himself and promptly, hands too strong and too unrelenting, makes Dean sit down in his lap.
As he is just about to touch the knob, a surge of power sends him flying backwards right to the poor table, he thinks, but no. Looks like not this time: the table is spared, Dean not so much.
Like that explains things.
Dean has the plan. Sorta. Soccer moms make do.
“Been busy,” Dean answers, making it up as he goes. “Saw Sam. He had an orange,” he explains.
Dean breaks the kiss and pushes Cas away abruptly then wipes his mouth.
“And if you won't be contained, Castiel will come here and contain us all for good!” she cuts Dean off before he can whine more, which is a good call because yeah, he would. “Now sit!”
And then Dean’s shoulders and upper back slam into the table so hard his spine keeps ringing in tune with the static in his ears. He thinks he’s being pulled a little further up the table. Yeah.
“What’s the dress for?” He still, however, wants to know the why.
Because Ego McPowered-Up is simply too short-tempered to not drive this mud ball into the first fucking tree there is. He’s just that bad at driving. Dean has to stay here, mournfully alive, to yank the wheel last second as much as he would rather chew down a few handfuls of apple seeds. As much as he would gladly sign out permanently in this tiny square of solitude, secretly sliced under his knees and wilting away in the bathtub because it is the only fucking thing it is good for.
He, uh, he isn’t being all that honest.
Although he didn’t promise that, exactly.
“Vintage! I love it, thank you,” Dean says, desert on fire dry.
And this screaming here thinks it loves him and it doesn't take rejection very well. Takes being repeatedly told to shut the fuck up and get over itself even worse.
“Shouldn’t you be the one putting it on me?”
“Is he here now?” She asks instead.
“Please!”
“No.”
“The lunch,” he says flatly. “I passed out, right?”
Castiel’s other hand goes to his forehead again and Dean tries to scoot away, even if it means falling off the tab--
After a few hours of walking in more or less silence and after a few more cocktails, they finally reach what seems to be their destination point. It’s an abandoned fair. In the distance, miserere mei deus plays. Of course Dean would keep the bitterness up. Castiel turns around to ask if this is it, but when he does, Smith is already gone. So Castiel marches towards the direction of the music, having no other choice. It doesn’t take him long to find Dean. He’s standing by a carousel and seems busy peeling off skin of a horse that should be made of plastic and metal, but it isn’t. The animal, impaled on the carousel pole, wheezes as it gets skinned. Dean doesn’t look bothered by the noises nor by the horse’s anguish as he continues to replay hell’s greatest hits. He even looks just like when Castiel first found him in Hell. He’s wearing a black leather apron, his hands are all covered in blood and his eyes gleam with dark gray, almost, but not yet black.
“Here’s how it’s really going to go, birdlet. Better listen. Best comprehend,” the leviathans say, berating and dark.
“You fold very nicely,” she offers, assessing Dean’s… improvement to her wardrobe because to be honest, its organisation was beneath criticism. And yeah, he’s letting that slide, too. “I would have hired you, back in the day,” she adds with a hint of good humor in her voice and, since it’s so rare, Dean can’t help but be a loser and absolutely relish in it.
“You heard him,” Cas speaks, his voice too even and too composed to be anywhere near not dangerous. “Get fucked.”
It takes a moment before Castiel answers. A long one.
“I have something better waiting for you. If you feel well now, follow me,” Castiel says cryptically as he’s getting up to leave this curse of a room.
“Well, it doesn’t cancel out your old one,” he decides to say.
Dean turns around again, mostly to give a face out of habit than anything else. And he now thinks he’s gonna have to take the whole pristine clean thing back. The white suit is ruined with blood, Castiel’s hands are those of a pre-antisepsis times midwife and even his face isn’t all that clean. But the blood compliments the neurotic thing in his eyes very nicely.
Dean decides it’s time to man up, grab the soap and think of England. As he lathers the bar in his hands, he closes his eyes. Nowhere it says he needs to actually see on what kind of a body he’s operating. Feeling it under the touch is mind-scorching enough. So it goes (and god, he really doesn’t like the fragrance of this soap). Thorough, deliberate and sharp with his movements because he needs to be clean, because he hates himself. He slows down at his chest to not have his lousy, swollen excuse for tits (apparently it would be a waste of luxury to shape him into a Victoria’s Secret model) hurt even more than they already do. Same with his aching abdomen, the space where his junk should be, his thighs--
He feels less and less scared with every passing day. He feels less and less at all.
Castiel looks at his somewhat dirty but definitely once white suit. His body sags and he hides his face in his palm. “Are you done?” he mutters silently in hope Dean won’t hear him.
“Oh, but it is.”
Yeah, of course it is, what isn’t in this economy? It goes without saying, but what the ever-loving fuck even happened that was Castiel's undebatable fault?
“And how does it feel, being an incubator whore? Are you finally proud of yourself and what you’ve accomplished?’
“Jesus, dude. Precious memorabilia,” he cuts to the chase. “You know I got no guns, no knives,” Dean bends to pick up and formally acknowledge the scissors and wonders if enough, if any, of his boobs are showing. “Just this.”
“‘S for purging his noggin,” she supplies.
“Dean,” Cas urges, soft but making no place for debate. “Do you want to go on your own accord or do I have to move your legs for you?”
grow stronger, more insistent.
Nothingness rolls inside of him. It’s vast and it calls. It was always there, but it has never been this big before. Or this loud. Inside his own mind, he feels like a stray dog. One that’s on a desert and desperately needs water. The taste of Amara’s mouth lingers inside of his throat like sand.
“Jesus, Cas, (
“Better than that,” he assures.
This is the first time Cas says ‘I can’t’ in the context of not being able to do something that is not related to his wicked understanding of hurting him, which is oddly interesting and somewhat worth poking with a stick. They walk together in silence for some time while Dean decides whether he should investigate the subject or not. Against his better judgment, he votes yes because he’s a curious little whore.
So he’s fucking surprised when the aura of Dean’s heart sends him down on all fours, trembling and weeping with no control over the human-shaped manifestation of his divinity. In fact, the term of surprise, in the context of matching the intensity of the currently experienced emotion, to Castiel seems to be so far inadequate it doesn’t fit at all, even though it’s bound to be the closest thing. Somehow, even the word “communism” appears to be more fitting in comparison, despite being neither an adjective nor an emotion. Although knowing Dean, he’d probably bitterly say it can be an emotion if one tries hard enough. Castiel’s second try on cataloguing his emotions on the subject of Dean’s aura ends with a concoction of considering himself assaulted and humiliated that is neatly wrapped by the phrase “bitch slapped.” It’s thick like tar and screaming with pure suffering, the feeling suffocating him and shoving itself down his throat. But Castiel is more and better than that so the shock of first encounter quickly recedes and he lets Dean’s pain fall away into something dull and peripheral. And he thinks, this is caricatural. The thought that this pain might be honest in its intensity, he discards immediately. This has to be yet another petty, little act meant to have him regret his actions and yield, shame digging into him like gravel into bare skin. It’s the same as every disgusted or pained look given to him in an accusation, supposed to undo every Castiel’s “no.” “It’s like every single “we’re done,” every hissed taunt of “then do it,” every imaginable “you don’t love me enough.” It’s the fake-suicide chair in the panic room all over again. A design founded on guilt tripping and teary eyes, one that used to work on him like a charm for far too long. He’s never hurt Dean like this, not how the manifestation of Dean’s soul is implying.
The feather rustle comes, unmistakable and obnoxious, somewhere behind him. Dean is too alert all the fucking time, in a permanent mode of expecting things to happen. For once, he doesn’t startle when the sound reaches him and is about to be followed by the inevitable. Because it’s gonna follow.
He’s pissed, he’s jealous, he’s alone and he gets beaten into puppy chow, while waves of the Darkness are washing him out of Dean’s chest, out of his head, so subtle and slow Dean doesn’t even notice he’s changing.
Castiel looks at himself and confirms. He is, he still is. For no reason at all, wonders if he’d bleed if Dean had in fact stated he bleeds instead. Perhaps. He doesn’t comment on it, or on anything for that matter. He doesn’t know what to say other that “you’re here” and he’s fairly certain Dean is aware of being in the room as well. He lets Dean do all the talking. He likes to listen to him speak. He feels like he hasn’t heard his voice in years.
“I fixed you. Your soul, I mean. It was mangled, broken. After hell, after many things. I filled the cracks with my grace. I tied it to me. Our bond was waning. I was worried.”
“Welcome to womanhood, Dean.”
Something drowns. (Is that Castiel screaming his name? Sounds like it?) Oh, that was him. He’s the thing that drowned. Oka—
“Me? Oh, I’m just,” he chuckles with something resembling honest embarrassment. “It didn’t want to drink. I’m just touching it lovingly so it would understand that it was necessary. I need to go deeper than the skin, Cas. Just like you.”
“You do realize that my worry comes from a place of great respect for your ingenuity, right?”
“I’m doing my best to compete with you, but it’s hard to win against that puppet show and the Marquez rain of flowers you pulled.”
And, one more time, for the audience:
His mind hasn’t been this clear in weeks. That’s why he’s now got it in him to outdo himself in ruining the post coitus mood because he sees bright as day the scale of the quicksand of shit Cas has dragged them into. He lets anger stir inside him silently until Cas leans down in an attempt to kiss his split lip (like it’s some kind of war trophy). He doesn’t get to do that cause, frankly, now that the sex lens flares stopped confusing him, he’s pissed about Cas striking him like that this thoughtlessly. Pissed, cause he thinks about the first time he beat him up into mutt chow. And about the other time. The very foundation of this idiocy leads to the second reason why Cas doesn’t get to do that and this is something he’s going to talk about right now. He pushes Cas’s head away in an ugly, demeaning gesture. He decides to start with, “Fuck off, you stupid son of a bitch.”
“When you saw what he’s done. You knew how important they a--” Dean manages to stop himself in time, hopefully careful enough not to raise Castiel’s hackles, “but all you did was to come back with a grand scene of swooping my ass into your arms of salvation and laid the exact same
Yeah, he thinks so too. Like, yeah, he loved this person-ish angel guy and he loved Lisa but now he lost both because the person wrapper fell off and it turned out to be like mistaking a blue slushie with windex because a jealous, thirsty assface man-eating God is so not what he fell for and yet he can’t puke it out clean since his insides are scorched at this point, but, you know, oh. What else is there to say.
“Because of its meaning?” she asks like it’s obvious. Noticing that he still doesn’t get it, she explains. “It means hope.”
Dean takes that as a yes.
And he needs. But too many blows have fallen to ask - for a future, for forgiveness. It doesn’t matter. All there is left waiting for him is the nothing. Deep in his bones, he knows.
“Maybe you should watch the news more often.”
“Ah, yes? Just look where your prides and creations have taken you both,” Death spits.
“You do not get to put this on me! You evaporated on me when I was at my lowest! When I had no one! When I thought you could be the only one to understand me, to know what I've been through, but you didn't even say goodbye. You just went to suck on the grand lollipop of power. You didn't need me anymore, not until I became useful for you again. Did you remember my face or was I just the vague concept that built your empire of excuses to become this? Did you even remember my name when it was not a tool? I remembered yours for that whole year and it kept spinning in my head like a fucking curse! All this time you were the only friend I've ever had and you kicked me to the curb. Lisa was to me what you never even aspired or tried to be. And maybe she's just human, but she loved me more than you just like to think you do. She didn't have to! She benefited nothing from me! I was a mess in her bed, I was a mess in her kitchen, I was a mess raising her son and everything I touched after eight p.m. smelled like whiskey! She deserved so much better, but she was there, she was patient and kind, she was something you will never understand. And I wish I wasn't in so much grief for that entire year. I wish I wasn't hollow. And just a word from you, dropping by to tell me Sam’s not dead, at any fucking point, woulda helped us both so much. I loved her with all I had but that wasn't enough. Now I'm the guy that hit her and, again, you know what? If you never left I would never be in her doorstep in the first place, gardener’s dog! Were you there with your doorstep open? Fuck you!”
