before raking his hands through Sherlock’s hair, pulling him closer and opening his mouth to allow them both further exploration. His own hands were quick to slide up the back of John’s jumper, skimming along the skin. The muscles there moved under his fingers, and he pulled John closer, pressing their hips together. He had to make himself a bit shorter to bring their erections into alignment, but it was worth it for the way John responded by sucking on his tongue obscenely.
John chose to ignore that. “You pick three names that start with J. Two girls and a boy. I’ll pick three names that start with S--two boys and a girl. We’ll meet in the middle and combine them into the pairs.”
“Six,” Sherlock said, not looking up from where he’d continued to plough through his list with the marker.
It usually took a little longer than they'd been at it to get Sherlock ready, and it was certainly a snug fit, but John didn’t see any discomfort on his husband’s face to cause concern. Which was excellent, really, because John wasn’t sure he had the aforementioned stamina to survive this portion of the night, let alone last longer than a few minutes.
It had been a very awkward conversation that led them to the point in their relationship they were at now, but it was worth it for this. For the quiet; for the sort of intimate touches of breath and body that John couldn't remember having or wanting before Sherlock.
In the morning, they’d become fathers--and it was a terrifying and electric thought to John, who had thought he was the more prepared parent in their game of house. But the side of Sherlock that had emerged since that conversation at the breakfast table had surprised him every step of the way, leading all the way up to this night, the day before their baby girls would enter the world.
He ran his hand along John’s flank, trying to gently rouse him from sleep. Last time he woke the man, he’d had a bit less tactful, and had been told in no uncertain terms that it was a “bit not good” to wake someone by manhandling them into a preferred sexual position, in heat or not.
“Sherlock.” John’s voice was more direct now, but he wasn’t getting a single sign that Sherlock could hear a word he said. “Love, please.” He swallowed as Sherlock’s teeth started to chatter audibly. It was the first change in his state since John had entered the room. John got in front of Sherlock--a most uncomfortable squeeze, but it gave him a better chance to see the other man. He put his hands on Sherlock’s shoulders and squeezed gently before rubbing up and down, hoping for some blood flow.
He wanted to tell himself it was friendly concern, but there was something else pulling at his stomach, telling him that he wouldn't care this much about anyone else in his acquaintance. It had been coming on for a while, and he supposed he had known it without admitting it to himself, but it didn't make it any better.
“Oh, Sherlock, you’re a parent. You’ve got a whole other person to be responsible for. He can’t fault you for wanting to--”
John’s face lost the jovial softness and turned curious, the lines growing harsher in concern. “What’s going on, Sherlock?”
The porn had ended and the video screen was back to the beginning, offering him various choices, but none of them were as appealing as the one he'd just tucked away in his coat pocket.
“Perfect,” Sherlock mumbled sleepily. His arm wrapped around John’s waist, mirroring him. “Absolutely perfect.”
How had he not noticed a six-foot-tall human being sprawled about on his couch when he'd come in the door? Or even in the moments after?
John was out doing the shopping, or something equally menial. Honestly, if his scent wasn’t so keenly alpha, Sherlock was certain everyone would suspect the man was an omega due to his love of domestic tasks.
As with all things, Sherlock caught on quickly, and where his arms had previously been taking a moment to pay homage to John's own hips and the sensitive dips just below his ribs, they now wrapped once more around John's shoulders.
“I don’t know if I’m more offended by the thought of them turning us away for being gay or for you being a prostitute,” John said, shaking his head. He covered his face with his hands and scrubbed for a moment, trying to get out the hard lines from his confrontation with the manager.
"No, John," Sherlock said, snapping him backwards with both hands. John's head nearly bounced off the bronze. "This is very important." He paused, taking a moment to let his eyes take in the state of John's half-lidded eyes, the dark reddening of his lips and the flush in his cheeks. John could hear the blood whirring past his ears. "Did Moriarty make you drink
Jim had circled around him, wearing a feral grin, catlike in a way fitting the villain of a fairy tale.
“There’s something I’ve been meaning to ask you,” John said, reaching across the table to rest his hand on Sherlock’s. The intimacy of it, this small, public gesture, made Sherlock feel like he really was in a relationship with this man. Anyone who looked at them could have passing thoughts on how long they’d been together, if they had children, what a handsome pair they were, if this was a special occasion. But Sherlock’s stomach was sinking, because he’d kept their conversations light--well, as light as descriptions of murders and kidnappings could be. They focused on work, on hobbies, experiments.
that godawful elder brother that his younger sibling resents for his or her entire life. Which then makes me wonder what it is about the eldest child that makes them so likely to become problematic for the younger--is it because the eldest is jealous of the youngest? Does the elder child need more attention in order to feel--”
Suddenly, John pulled out of Sherlock's mouth, something he'd never done in their shared dreams, and Sherlock opened his mouth wantonly to let him know it was okay to come inside. In fact, Sherlock wanted it.
It was protocol, of course, to check wrists when a patient’s clock was low on time. When one was dying on a table, it tended to be a rather inopportune moment to meet your soulmate. But the potential there was an occupational hazard--one that was often avoided with a wrist check just like the one he now faced.
Brushing the damp hair away from his eyes, John asked, “And what sort of fee would one incur for such a rare exception?”
His hand was about to continue its work on his now-disappointed-to-not-be-in-a-mouth cock, but the fingers reappeared, holding a foil packet--strawberry flavored, John noticed--as if to say "I'm ready for your next excuse."
"He kept getting the pronunciation wrong--" The nervous, young professor was picking at her plait while John surveyed the damage to the groaning young man in front of him. The boy was swelling rapidly, his robes expanding as though his entire body was inflating with water.
"Bare," the other man said, deep and dirty, into his ear. Instantly, familiar fingers were wrapped around his cock inside his pants and John closed his eyes, hands reaching out to the wall to steady himself.
He wrapped Sherlock in a blanket and made sure he was sitting properly on his own before leaving him for a moment to get towels. “I’ll be back in a moment, I promise.” Whether his words did any good or more harm, he didn’t know. He said them for himself; there was a guilt to leaving Sherlock behind in that state, even for linens. When he’d had nightmares, Sherlock had never left--not even after John had fallen back asleep.
"I thought maybe you weren't coming, doctor," the man said, and John froze in a panic, wondering how he knew what John did for a living. He couldn't possibly have known him in real life, John didn't know anyone with a voice that deep. No one else who had ever spoken to John had such a
--and read his texts as he walked toward the bathroom. He didn’t bother to turn on the light, and the faucet ran briefly before Sherlock walked back into the room. Still gazing at his phone in one hand, Sherlock wiped at his stomach absentmindedly with a damp flannel before passing it to John.
His balls were pressed against the other man's perineum and he could feel the unfamiliar texture of another set of balls just below his own as the other man jerked himself.
“Father Christmas brought us all an early gift, Hamish,” John explains, crouching down next to his son. The boy’s small frame buzzes with excitement and he pulls his towel closer around him, though Sherlock can tell he’s mostly dry now and the room is warm enough that he won’t be chilled. “Why don’t you find yours and open it for us?”
He dipped his tongue just below the glans to the tempting ridge, flicking lightly and taking the light tug on his hair as a good sign. His head was guided further, further and John was taking what he needed, stuffing Sherlock's mouth full of his cock and then holding him there.
It was true--Sherlock’s body had never responded so physically to another person. There was no direct trigger that had caused it, but when the attraction began, it was almost a shock for the detective, though he slowly watched John’s reactions to him change over a similar span of time. All leading up to that night in the hallway.
He stepped back, out of John Watson’s grasp, and the man cleared his throat, straightening out to bring himself to full height. He was already posturing for Sherlock’s attention, even just standing next to a Beta as boring as Mike Stamford.
before, he knew instinctively that John would likely not move much farther away from him than this in the next few days.
"Oh, I know exactly where Molly's quarters are," Jim replied, his voice bored and a bit more singsong than John would've expected. "But it's so boring down there, don't you see? Little Molly, sweet Molly, with her kittens and flowers and
John swallowed hard as the hands on his hips helped their cocks to line up with some careful maneuvering. Sherlock was wearing tight trousers and his coat was open enough that it wasn't in the way and it was
"But what if the child isn't brilliant, Sherlock? What if he or she is..." John gestured into the air between them aimlessly. "What if the baby turns out to be perfectly normal, perfectly boring. What if the baby has
John swallowed, his mouth suddenly dry, and followed as Sherlock swept through the opened door like a bat. This had just been a quick checkup for the sake of making sure there wasn't anything wrong thus far, to make sure scheduling the first trimester ultrasound was a safe bet. They'd assumed they were close to twelve weeks from the barely-noticeable bump forming from Sherlock's formerly taut belly.
"I need a few things for the infirmary," John said, pulling out the short list he'd made on a spare bit of parchment. "I was hoping to have them by the end of the day, since Molly's got her rowdy bunch later and I'm expecting boils."
One of the key factors in the experiment was the O-brand lubricant that had shipped with the device. It was a synthetic, water-based lubricant with a distinct omega scent. While Sherlock had never been lured by omega pheromones, he knew that it would work to distill the air and allow them to focus more closely on each other. It would also keep them from attempting a permanent bond. While that was something Sherlock hoped would happen in the long-term, it likely wasn’t a good idea to force themselves into it without knowing whether they would be able to be intimate safely.
The fear Sherlock had--and this was a legitimate, encompassing fear made all the more troubling by James Moriarty's kidnapping of one John Watson--was of seeing the good doctor lying in a pool of his own blood in Afghanistan, begging for his own life while trying to dig a bullet from his own shoulder.
John is the one who comes up with the creative fib, and they both agree that it will likely come back to bite them in their respective arses eventually. On Christmas Eve, he wraps his son in a towel after his bath and leads him into the living room, where three parcels are wrapped in shining green paper under their little tree.
“No, she’ll love it. She’ll... adore you.” Sherlock took a deep breath. He’d vacillated between being blunt and to the point, but John would likely dub that a bit not good. So instead, he started with a disclaimer: “What I’m going to tell you may very well make you walk away and never return, but I ask that you keep in mind that I did what I did out of a sense of protectiveness for both you, and for my daughter.”
“I’ve printed out the ‘top’ lists from five different baby name websites, each one citing the most popular baby names from the last several years,” Sherlock explained, working his way down his current list and drawing a thick, black line in permanent marker through entries in the books. “Our children cannot--
There were some days when he wished he’d never woken up. Maybe she would have been better off with the scar than a broken soldier who could barely get from one end of his bedsit to the other.
John didn't imagine it would take long like this, and when the man on the other slide of the wall slipped his tongue beneath the folds of his foreskin to touch at the hidden head, John's hips jerked and he could feel the pooling of arousal in the pit of his stomach.
The O-Masturbator’s page advertised that it was “for the alpha who wants to experience heat sol-O” which would have made Sherlock annoyed enough to close the page if the product itself didn’t seem rather promising.
"It's a game," the professor had told him several nights ago. "He's trying to make me dance, but I'm going to figure out how to lure him out. It's just a bit of fun to him, so I need to play his game."
"And then I'd mount you like a horse, doctor. I've ridden horses. Do you know how I like to ride them?"
That was how, six hours after leaving the castle with Sherlock Holmes, John Watson found himself sinking down into the pool-sized bath that was filled with lavender bubbles. He leaned back against the side, sitting on the ledge under the water. It felt like the water was massaging him as it flowed through the pipes and into the tub.
Sherlock's hands were cold when John took them in his own a moment later, letting them settle into the downy softness between them with a gentle squeeze.
When he had been pregnant, everyone felt obligated to remind Sherlock that his expectations were going to be too high and he was going to have to accept that Hamish would likely be “of average intelligence,” as if any Holmes child had ever been anything but blindingly brilliant. While Sherlock still wishes his son would put tot-sized chemist sets and microscopes and books sans illustrations on his list for Father Christmas, he realizes that there will be a time for that. But really, why can’t Hamish come up with even one request?
The woman pushed her braid back over her right shoulder and sat down on the rolling stool on the other side of Sherlock.
Drips and drops scatter across the table (including the heating bill) as I move my hand behind me, pressing with two fingers straightaway, just barely teasing myself with the fingertips at the entrance.
The receptionist had skittered off through a door, only to return a few moments later with a burly looking gentleman who looked more like a security guard than a hotel manager. But his name tag proclaimed him to be Evan, a manager. Good. A step in the right direction. A step toward a room, and a bed, and all the sex he could manage for the night just as a nice “fuck you” to these pricks who thought they could send him on his way.
John released his fingers, pressing a kiss to the delicate skin at his wrist before setting his hand down. Sherlock immediately curled it against his thigh, resisting the urge to plunge his fingers back inside. There was a cramp roiling around, slowly taking him from mildly uncomfortable to desperately needy.
The receptionist’s eyes flicked over to Sherlock, who had started fingering violin chords against the small of John’s back to keep himself occupied.
“If I came up with a safe solution to our predicament, would you be agreeable to going to bed with me?”
Mouth working down his chest, fingers slipping down his arms in feather-light touches as he moved. Sherlock squirmed, which earned him a harsh slap to the small expanse of his right arse cheek.
Letting his head fall back, John closed his eyes and focused on the sensation, keeping the image of Sherlock’s expression burned into his eyelids. He knew that if he looked back down, those eyes would still be digging deep into his own. Focusing on the wet heat and suction of Sherlock’s mouth was enough to be going on, for the moment.
John bit his lip, but shook his head. “I mean, of course I’ve thought about it. But I can’t abuse my power like that. I don’t even know what I’d find. The Omega may not have even been able to carry to term. Artificial insemination is tricky.”
"Your lot, indeed." Mycroft tapped his wand against his left palm twice. "I suppose you've had a day and would like to rest. I'll leave you to your chambers. I hope you find them comfortable."
John just had to make sure he was there to catch him and, when he couldn't be, to pick up the pieces.
“You’re pregnant.” No question, just a slightly flabbergasted expression across John’s features as he pushes himself up to a sitting position. Sherlock follows, not sure whether John can handle the surprise just yet and mildly concerned that he might fall over. Thankfully, there are few better places to fall over than in a bed.
Sherlock’s hips bucked twice against John, and he felt the warm glow from his hormone-soaked system spreading through him. It wouldn’t be long before his heat consumed him, and he knew that if he was going to change his mind, he should’ve done it long before he entered the flat.
"Ah, well, no rest for the wicked, John." He smirked and reached into his robes. John noted the small satchel as Sherlock approached the fire. Oh, it was going to be one of those nights. One where John was expected to follow without question--or even to ask
, would he? God, the judgmental look the man was giving him made him want to crawl out of his skin. “Mr. Watson, Alexander here has let me know you wish to speak to me regarding our policies.”
Sherlock was a madman, certainly. He stayed up until all hours, broke into John's chambers ("It's not breaking in if you keep making your passwords so
He was determined to find the Alpha, and they’d unknowingly stumbled into each other’s circles once more.
“Still, the moment you saw me in person you knew you’d made the right choice.” Sherlock crawled onto the bed and over John on hands and knees. He leaned close for a moment, just letting his lips linger over his husband’s. “It was my lips that sealed the deal,” Sherlock breathed. “You couldn’t wait to get me to this hotel so you could put me on my knees.”
Sherlock's mouth was against the side of his neck, suckling and tonguing a spectacularly sensitive bit of flesh just below the doctor's ear, and when a soft gasp escaped John's lips, a heart-shaped mouth claimed his own to silence him. Breath and body, that was all they were right then--sensation that couldn't be diluted with words and uselessly attempted articulation.
John’s mouth presses against Sherlock’s throat and he laughs quietly against his skin, a puff of air and a ripple of his stomach against the leaner man’s. “Oh, God, this is absurd.” His hips falter for a moment in their slow slide and he shakes his head, grounding himself by sucking a delicate bruise into his partner’s shoulder.
"You stay behind," Sherlock said. His eyes searched the room for a moment, and John couldn't help thinking that the other man looked like a giraffe, towering above everyone else in the room, neck craning. "Angelo!" he called when he spotted the keeper.
John’s fingers rap on the table for a moment, considering. “I think about you, you know. Every time I hear sirens.” Doesn’t say they moved here because of the quiet streets. Minimal noise. Very low crime. Just outside London. Mundane little town. Private clinic. Happily married, small-town doctor. No one remembers John Watson: Blogger. A life long gone; a flare in the background like a John-shaped light this average man has to block out. “I weep for London’s crime rate. Must be through the roof without you getting underfoot at the Yard.” Jokes. Joking makes everything feel better, even when it hurts. Voice doesn’t crack, but feels rough around the edges.
One of the options on the touch screen (and he wasn't going to think about how unsanitary that touch screen had to be, thanks) was for blow jobs. As a man with a love of pink lips wrapped around his cock--and, well, as a man, in general--John knew he'd have no trouble getting off to whatever the blow job video brought him, so he tapped it and leaned back against the wall so he wasn't quite so close to the video screen.
The soft teddy in his hands, Sherlock realized, had a yellow and black striped belly--like a bee--and a white bow on its head. Annabelle would love it. As he opened the door, he pressed it to his face, breathing in the scent of the Alpha, which he’d found could calm him down when he was agitated. It’d be good for Annabelle, once John came around, for the soft toy to have his scent. It would help her adjust to his presence in her life, and likely help with the abandonment she could potentially feel from his initial absence.
“Something wrong?” he asked. Honestly, how hard was it to hand him a key card and let them be on their way?
"I'd like to send you to my family home, where my brother will be staying for the duration of the winter holiday. I'll remain here in the castle." He picked up a piece of parchment and held it out. "This is a map of Holmes Manor, as it's very large and I imagine you wouldn't have a hard time getting lost inside. My brother spends most of his time in the East Wing. He keeps a bedroom, a  laboratory, and a few other rooms there." The tip of the quill skittered over the paper in a small circle as John held it at army's length for the Headmaster to direct him. "In this room--" The quill paused. "Is a wardrobe. The password to open it is 'Adler.'"
"Lestrade called," Jonn said. Maybe talking about a new case would distract Sherlock for a moment. "I think he thought we were shagging from the way you were groaning."
John stared for a moment. “We don’t know a thing about each other. I don’t know where we’re meeting--I don’t even know your name.”
John stared at him for a long moment, blue eyes unblinking. Sherlock had nothing to compare the situation to; he couldn’t find the emotional clues to piece together what John was going to do next.
Now all he was facing was the possibility of a shameful, lonely scar come morning or another decade of passing the time with various women who were doing the same with him.
The words bounced around in his mind, echoing in a deep cadence. Could he let Sherlock go off on his own in search of someone who had already killed three people?
John took a deep breath and fought the urge to get up and punch a wall. Now was not the time to defend Sherlock’s honor. “It’s not just this, Sherlock. If you hadn’t... if--” He stopped himself. He didn’t want to bring back the memories of hours past. “What if that hadn’t happened, Sherlock? What if we went through with it and started doing that regularly? How would I ever know you weren’t enjoying it if you just lay back and think of England?”
“Well, I... got around the bonding part,” Sherlock said sheepishly, letting his eyes linger on John’s skin.
John returned the following week, though he was a few minutes later than the time they'd "agreed" on, as he'd decided to take a quick shower after his shift. It had resulted in several nurses accusing him of having a date, and he hadn't denied it, wondering if maybe they'd all start to see him differently now that they thought he was seeing someone.
“It’s funny,” John said once he’d sat himself on the floor next to the sofa. He slid his hand along the curve of his lover’s belly, occasionally feeling the little kick of movement below the surface. “When we first met, you told me you thought of your body as transport...” He leaned forward and pressed a kiss to a spot where he’d just felt a flutter. “And here you are, carrying these two around until they’re good and ready to join us.”
It was half five or somewhere thereabouts. The doctor padded to the kitchen to get a glass of water, returning to find that Sherlock was composed again, as if he hadn't just been hunched over the toilet.
when John Watson smelled like that. They’d been having semi-regular intercourse for more than a month, and he knew the scent of the man in his arms the way he knew the whorls of his fingerprints. But it had never been so strong, so tempting.
"I'm going to get your dressing gown," John said, brushing back the curly fringe on Sherlock's sweaty forehead before pushing himself to his feet.
"Did you honestly send for me just to fetch you a quill? And I haven't, by the way. Got one." John leaned against one of the work stations. Everything was still clean. In eight days, the place would be covered in slime and toad eyes from failed attempts at brews.
“And then we’ll carry them around together,” Sherlock said. He tipped his head back onto a cushion and closed his eyes. “The closer we get, John, the more I think I’m ready.”
John looked at the flourish on the initials for a moment. He was about to stuff the note in his pocket and be on his way when another elf appeared in front of him.
He did the math in his head. If the number was to be believed, he’d find her again at the age of 36. And she was--what had they said? 23? She was three years younger--she’d be 33 when they met if she allowed him to find her.
John stared, his lips parted. It was a long moment before he managed anything, and when he did, all he could say was: "That was bloody fantastic."
It would be so much easier if they were alpha and omega, the perfect bonding pair. No battles, no winner--just the give and take of flesh.
He could have offered Sherlock his coat, but they’d be up in their room in a moment and the jacket would just be one more thing to strip away. Just now it was hard for John to keep from undressing his husband with his eyes, imagining those buttons popping, so he turned back to the receptionist.
have bad blood with. He'd already learned that Sherlock was at odds with the Head of Slytherin (a bloke called Anderson that John hadn't interacted with much just yet) and especially with Professor Binns, who taught History of Magic.
“Sherlock?” John inquired as he poked his head into the room. He expected to see Sherlock in his mind palace beneath the spray, maybe staring off into space while absentmindedly shampooing his hair into an early grey.
Everything has been moving inexorably toward this. And it’s more than either of them could ever ask for. They’re a tightly-knit mass in the center of the kitchen, all coats and limbs and shuddering breath. Two best friends who have always been questionably more. Now, there is no question more important than: “Sherlock?” through tight-lidded eyes.
Cases missed, meetings put on hold, biscuits and breakfasts lost. They reasoned it was a small price to pay, and John reminded Sherlock regularly that morning sickness tended to be a response by the body almost exclusively in the first trimester. They'd be out of the woods soon.
John peered around the corner and saw Rose Weasley step forward, pulling her plait around one shoulder, visibly proud to be the pupil called upon by the impossible-to-please professor. She set her notebook down to one side of the cauldron, which was stirring itself while small puffs of smoke curled out of its mouth.
“John.” Whispered repetition of his name, ghosting across his cheeks, his eyelids, his jaw. John’s hands drop to the lapels on the other man’s coat and he wheezes each breath with a heave of his chest. Can’t be. Any minute now. Waking up. That tugging in his stomach is the sensation of waking. Has to be. Only explanation of all the facts. Still, there is something in his arms. A selfish urge to keep; to protect his mind’s projection forever, no matter the cost. His reputation, his sanity, his life. All worth it for this.
"You have thirteen pills left in this cycle," John said. "What do you say to finishing them?" Sherlock pulled a face while looking down at their fingers and John squeezed his hands. "It'll take time to do this, Sherlock. We should have tests run, we'll have to put a few pounds on you so you get back into a regular cycle, and we'll need to ween your body off its nicotine and caffeine addiction."
Holmes--has more to give with his half of the genetics than any of you could hope to achieve with your own. He is brilliant--I saw it in the first ten seconds of meeting him, I’ve seen it every day after that. How all of you can stand around here and watch him work-- even now, while seven and a half months pregnant with
"Showtime, Johnny boy. Time to dance," Jim whispered, breath hot against his ear. John wanted to flinch, but his hands stayed flat against his sides rather than coming up to wrap around the other man's neck.
“Any reason why?” John asked, finding the camera application on the phone. When he had it open, he aimed and pressed the button on the bottom of the screen. The flash went off and the photo saved itself to the phone.
Standing from the table, Sherlock went to the door and listened to the upstairs bedroom. Annabelle was taking her afternoon nap, and she typically had a terrible sleep schedule. She’d been sleeping better in the last few days. He had come to the logical conclusion that it was because she fell asleep curled against him--and he couldn’t seem to completely rid himself of the scent of John Watson.
"I suspect you won't have any trouble finding your chambers. You'll be down by the Hufflepuff common room, just a bit down the hall. Your fire place has a direct connection to the Infirmary. Should you require anything else, the house elves will be happy to oblige you." The Headmaster picked up a quill on his desk, making John sure that the conversation was over.
And by “naturally,” he obviously imagined that he could slowly force the other alpha onto his back. That was the most ideal course of action.
But for now, the detective supposes he’ll have to deal with the fact that his son has visions of flying sleighs in his little blond head. Not a single sensible thought is given to physics or the biological makeup of reindeer. No one else at Baker Street seems to remember that one man--especially one who looks like a pre-gastric bypass Mycroft Holmes--could ever fit down the chimneys of every child in the world in a single night.
“This wasn’t on my Christmas list, you know,” John says, scooting forward on the bed. When he’s close enough, he cups Sherlock’s face in his hands and pulls him in for a kiss. “I guess some of the best gifts are the ones we really don’t expect.”
"What do you smell, Miss Weasley?" came Sherlock's almost-bored drawl through the open classroom door.
John fumed silently for the duration of the elevator ride. He didn’t even want to acknowledge what had just happened, and he knew that Sherlock would be fine with pretending that it hadn't. The bloody genius could probably just delete the last ten minutes. He’d been
Sorry for the delay here! Carpal tunnel paid a visit and then my car died, so all my free time went into researching a new one. And then I spent some time on a PWP one-shot.
When he came into shaking fingers a moment later, it was with Sherlock's name bitten down on his lips and with fingers grasping uselessly under the water to pull an invisible head of dark curls down, down, begging for something deeper.
John nodded slowly. He tried not to think about the fact that they were in a hallway, however dimly lit, and his brain was still telling him to bend the man over and claim him.
It was almost too simple to conjure the feeling of Sherlock's heart-shaped mouth against the side of his neck, twisting to let the imaginative slide lips of torment him further. Teeth against his shoulder,
John slipped two fingers into Sherlock's arse after an almost unheard of amount of foreplay. He had completely ignored his lover's cock and arse outside of the general friction of two bodies on top of one another. He wasn't surprised by the tight, wet heat that welcomed him. He'd practically been torturing his lover for the better part of an hour by the time he was ready to get to the main attraction.
"We need you to find out what happened that night, John," Lestrade said, stepping forward farther and putting a hand on the side of the elder Holmes's desk. "We don't know how dangerous Moriarty is, just that he's been behind all these murders and schemes, and Sherlock isn't willing to cooperate. If we can't figure out how to stop him, more people will die."
John cuts him off by nibbling on his bottom lip, sucking a moan from that heart-shaped mouth. “No deductions in bed,” John warns. Sherlock quirks an eyebrow--a challenge John isn’t sure about--and when the doctor squints back, Sherlock’s body grips him tight. “Oh,
“Would you like to see a photo? They’re really beginning to look like humans now, rather than foreign life forms,” Sherlock offered. The print out of the most recent ultrasound was always nearby--they both had a secret habit of taking it out and looking at it, just a surreal sort of reminder that they didn’t talk about.
He wanted to protest, to tell John to get on with it. This sort of preparation wasn't needed in dreams. Why waste precious time and risk the chance of waking up and losing it all?
. Immediately, his mind flew back to hours ago, when he’d climbed on top of Sherlock’s pliant body and announced his intentions only to be greeted with immediate apprehension. He’d written it off as performance anxiety. Now he knew better: It had been a trigger; one that open-fired memories even Sherlock Holmes couldn’t lock deep enough away.
“Would you--” Sherlock swallowed, pushed through: “Would you like to come by at the weekend? You could--meet Annabelle.”
His body felt too hot to be contained. He wanted to get out of his robes, wanted to get into the giant bath tub and live out his fantasies from the other morning. He wanted slick skin sliding along his own. Wanted to lay the man out on indigo sheets and make him writhe.
to share a meal. But there was a growing fondness in those familiar eyes, and John didn’t leave Sherlock anticipating the end of that sentence for long: “Because I think I could be persuaded into a takeaway.”
A tissue was acquired from somewhere on the other man's person and John was cleaned up and tucked away without another word between them. When John tried to turn around, the man caught him by the shoulders.
After removing his robes down to a plain jumper and trousers, John settled into the plush, high-backed chair in front of his fire. It was a rare moment of calm, and he was taking advantage of it in order to evaluate the events of the last five weeks. The only thing that would make it better would be a cup of tea, but it he'd just come from a rather overambitious supper in the Great Hall and didn't think he could swallow a drop of even the most perfect brew.
John's forehead was pressed against the wall and his hands were still clenching and unclenching on the smooth surface when he felt the condom being slipped off. The stranger took him in hand and John jumped a bit at the assault on his oversensitive flesh, but then he realized he was being cleaned off with a tissue.
The room was blurry, lit only by the light from the bath, which Sherlock was quickly crowding out of John's view as he clambered on top of him like a child at Christmas.
John couldn’t look at him just yet if he wanted to maintain control, so he focused on the ceiling. That is, until the great hovering detective climbed back into his view, sitting atop his hips, cocks just barely resting parallel to each other, hot and heavy.
"Right. Shall I just tell the portrait that you're not to be let in, even if you have a lucky guess of the password?"
"Have you ever fucked bare, doctor?" The other man's erection was pressed against John's lower back, rutting slowly, almost unnoticed. "I'd love to feel this cock in my arse without any barriers. I'm sure you're careful, aren't you? You've never come inside without."
“Sherlock, you’ve deleted the solar system. You’ve deleted the bloody Prime Minister. I doubt you’d know the Queen if you passed her on the street--”
"Nice touch, this, isn't it? The bath where little Carl died." John didn't know what that meant, but he couldn't very well ask. Sherlock seemed to understand, though, even if the was still a trace of confusion in his eyes. "I stopped him.... I can stop John Watson, too." John had time for a deep breath before the next words spilled from his lips. "Stop his heart."
“This might be a bit uncomfortable,” she warned. “But I’m going to need you to relax. We’ll have your baby up on the monitor in no time.”
For John, who had been telling himself for over a month that it was okay to be sucked off by an anonymous bloke as long as he never reciprocated, this was another layer to his sexuality crisis. It was tighter than a woman, it was
"A murder," she sneered. "He gets off on this--on going to crime scenes, seeing the bodies, touching them. He's a freak."
The sounds John made in real life were much more open than those in his dreams. Breathy little moans, gasps and incoherent words that sounded a bit like Sherlock's name broken into half-syllables.
“I think I could be convinced to stay the remainder of the weekend, should you wish to take advantage of the hotel’s generosity,” Sherlock said, rolling over and letting his head rest on the pillow next to John’s. “I normally loathe having repeat clients, but I may be willing to make an exception.”
“Don’t.” I catch his hand where it rests against the imperfect knot (he should’ve asked me to tie it before he left), holding his eyes with an intensity I know he’ll be able to read. His blue eyes are questioning, but there’s certainly a hint of heated interest behind them. A question of exactly where this might be going. And a bit of “
He leaned in close so that John thought he might finally kiss him, but he turned his head at the last moment and directed humid words into John’s ear. “And I made the decision for you.”
Sherlock's hard cock was resting against his hip, his legs were spread open even though they weren't bound, and his hands and wrists were relaxed, even though they were stretched back behind his head. Had he been unwilling, he surely would've been very uncomfortable, and Sherlock Holmes had never been one to suffer willingly.
It had been hours since the alleyway and they were finally finished for the night, John pleased to have the invitation to stay until morning, and to return after his shift the following day. Sherlock had, in fact, asked if he wanted to move in, and while John was realizing that the consulting detective was a bit eccentric, he wasn't sure that was quite the step to be taking just yet.
"Have you got any other friends at the castle?" John asked. It wasn't until he finished the sentence that he realized he'd lumped himself into the friend category already. "Or a girlfriend?"
The numbers on her wrist were gone now, replaced by a pigment-free band of skin around her finger to tell the world she was spoken for.
“No, no. You’re going to get me your manager right this instant.” When the receptionist didn’t move, John leaned forward over the countertop and simply said, “Now.” His tone was near-deadly, and he was fuming at the idea it was even possible that in this day and age that a hotel would have the stones to try and send them off into the snow for being in a homosexual relationship. It would be laughable if he wasn’t so angry. Ridiculous.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes and John was about to go on, but a sudden shudder worked its way up through the detective's frame and he was once again sputtering into the bowl.
A rustle of fabric and a strong, musky scent that was unmistakably sex--and then Sherlock got his prize.
Trying for better leverage, John lifted his knees slightly and adjusted his own angle. He wouldn’t be able to maintain it, but he was close enough that it wouldn’t matter in a moment. And if the way Sherlock was breathing harshly through his nose was anything to go by, he was just as near the peak. John slipped his tongue up into Sherlock’s mouth for a moment and dragged him back in for a final, deep kiss.
"I understand you're to thank for saving my brother this evening." Mycroft Holmes stepped forward, and John was about to ask him how he knew, since Sherlock didn't seem like the type to go to his brother with such news from their short interaction earlier that very day--but the Headmaster interrupted him before he had a chance to speak. "Please, Professor, do not insult either of our intelligence by assuming that I know less than everything there is to know about my little brother and his well-being." He paused and held out a long, thin box toward John.
She hit some buttons, arranged herself so that John could see the ultrasound screen, and then moved behind the wall of light blue fabric that shielded Sherlock from the waist down.
It was too small, too cramped to hold them both comfortably, but they weren't going for comfort just then, only proximity and the intimacy of the ever-short-lived afterglow.
“In my defense...” Sherlock wiped his mouth and set down the fork, holding out the remaining three bites for John. “I--Well, there were three layers. And I wanted some, and it was only fair to share with each of the twins equally. Wouldn’t want to show favouritism.”
The room was silent until a rustling of blankets and towels brought John out of his silent fuming. Sherlock was reaching for his tea.
And maybe they had to choose one daughter to wear the cute little white jumper dress and matching cap for the photos just before the girls were sent home with their doting fathers.
Sherlock probably should’ve been impressed that he had successfully avoided this conversation until now. But they’d just shared the most intimate act two people could do together, short of bonding, and he couldn’t exactly pretend that he didn’t want John Watson in his life for as long as the other man would have him.
My own cock is throbbing where it rests on my thighs, weighed down by my arousal. As John replaces my hand with his own and taps his prick twice against my flushed cheeks, I think once more about what a wanton picture I must paint—Sherlock Holmes, naked and on his knees for his blogger, leaking cock hanging hard and completely ignored.
"We're going to the Three Broomsticks," Sherlock announced suddenly. His chair nearly flipped back with the speed at which he stood.
Once John seemed convinced enough that this was entirely a Good Idea, he repeated what he'd done to Sherlock in that first dream, only much more tentatively. He'd unzipped his trousers and crawled onto the bed to straddle Sherlock's chest, and when Sherlock turned his head down and opened his mouth in an obvious invitation, John had groaned out loud and slipped the fingers of his left hand into Sherlock's hair, guiding his cock into welcoming lips with the other.
“Almost,” Sherlock gasped. “Almost.” He ground himself down as the knot began to swell hotly just inside his hole, providing him with a satisfying, burning stretch.
John pumped his hips faster, still wishing he had something to hold on to as his balls returned to slapping against the wall. He spread his legs, just a bit, and he could finally feel the sensitive nub of the other man's prostate, just below the head of his cock. It was a strangely ambiguous feeling, knowing that a little gland he'd felt so many times in men with his fingers during exams was now being pleasured with his cock.
It went on like that for a while; light kisses, fluttering touches, John trying to keep Sherlock from rushing things unnecessarily. If they were going to shag in the middle of a  Wednesday afternoon, they were going to enjoy each other so thoroughly, they'd have lingering tremors until it was time to go again.
The door bursts open and instantly there is a bundle of reindeer-patterned limbs bouncing about on the bed. “He knew!” Hamish cries out, grabbing at the blankets, unwrapping his parents like gifts. “He brought it? Where is it?”
In the end, he settled for finding his house elf-assigned chambers before heading off toward territories unknown.
"A boyfriend, then?" John paused, licking his lips subconsciously before adding, "Which would be fine, by the way."
Not that there had ever been any discussion of another child, but Sherlock knows John’s words aren’t quite true. While they have as varied a sex life as having a small child will allow, the number of times Sherlock has done
"You've been asleep for nearly four days, John," the Headmaster stated, as if it wasn’t actually going to be news to John.
“Can’t say I’m surprised. You always decide to show up this time of year.” He can’t say it. Nothing to do with the weather, the season. The anniversary. It’s so close that John can taste the rain on the air and smell the blood on the pavement. Every year, he tries not to count the days; fails.
He couldn't even hear breathing, not even with his senses heightened to figure out who his dreaming lover was.
Instead of vocalizing my desire, I sink to my knees in front of him, hoping this will provide an ample distraction from the fact that he clearly feels ridiculous about being fully clothed when I’m completely bare.
“John,” Sherlock whinged, ignoring where John was unbuttoning the top buttons and starting from the bottom himself. Their fingers could meet in the middle and fight over the rest. “Please.”
He knew for certain that she was intent to flee from fate when he caught a glimpse of a dark, curly-haired head hurrying away from him at the age of 25 just before the clock was about to run out.
The slumbering doctor hummed into consciousness, reaching up with a sleepy hand to thread his fingers through his lover’s curls. “Mmm, what’s wrong?”
He let John lead the withdrawal of his fingers, but he didn’t expect him to lean forward and suck those fingers between his lips with such relish. It set off a sympathetic resonance both in his cock and deep inside, making him clench around the emptiness, and he moaned in sync with the groan vibrating around his fingers.
, in any dimension of his mind, expect warm, wet lips to wrap around the head and slide down with the obvious texture of latex clinging to his flesh.
John closed his laptop and fetched Sherlock’s phone from the mantelpiece, where it had somehow become lodged between the Cluedo board and the wall.
He was just starting to fall asleep--even though it was far too early and he was damned sure he was going to wake up with the worst neck strain ever--when Sherlock shifted, near silently, and moved his arm so that John’s head tipped back onto the cushion instead, making room for Sherlock’s arm to wrap around John’s upper body the way a child cuddles a teddy.
John knew exactly what Lestrade was implying: Get us the information, or we’ll resort to Veritaserum.
“Sherlock.” John swallows the last of his doubt. Buckles forward, clutches, sobs. Arms envelop him like a human shock blanket. He has so many questions. Hows and whys and an unending stream of curses that he wants to release on his friend. Wants to punch him so hard, his hand is actually tingling in anticipation of connection. The bastard. Brilliant, insufferable bastard.
I could very well spend myself right here, right now, thrusting aimlessly against his tie with my hand around his wet prick. But he seems to understand the risk, and once my hand has taken a full tour of his anatomy, he slowly pulls my arm away, lowering me back down with intention.
And maybe he never thought much about it before--there had been small, fleeting glimpses of coming home to Sherlock with the positive test, small hopes of getting a visit at work with the news--but it made sense that it turned out to be the first of many messy mornings when Sherlock promptly pulled away, a small, almost apologetic smile on his lips, and dashed for the bathroom with his hand over his mouth and the test dropped in John's lap.
Knowing that he won’t continue to tug at the tie, I trace my hand down the arm of his suit, feeling the wrinkles from wear at his elbow and the sharp creases that remain from when he cursed under his breath while ironing it this morning. I’d been in a sulk on the couch as he prepared to leave, awaiting the hateful day that stood in front of me like a vast, dry desert—but it brought me to this. I imagine that I can feel every thread of fabric woven into this suit, and then I wonder what it would feel like pressed up against my naked skin.
He didn’t expect to see the fully-grown man curled into a ball in the corner of the stall, eyes blank behind the crystallized door.
He pulled back a bit. His body was still in quite a state and he wasn't sure he'd be able to walk out of the place without everyone who saw him knowing exactly what he'd done, but it was beautiful. The lips slid up his cock as he drew away, and he felt that tongue wriggle along the underside, lips not letting go until they finally did with an audible, almost reluctant
I know what a suit feels like, of course. I wear them almost exclusively—they’re my personal brand of armor. But here is a soldier in front of me, unarmed, his breath slowly going heavy with the implication of my hand on his hip, sliding below the suit jacket to curl around his flank, just barely separated from his skin by the soft cotton of his dress shirt.
Sarah considered those words to be the theme of John's life, and he knew it, but she let him go anyway. He figured it was for the best that he didn't mention his reasons.
"I know the keeper here," Sherlock said while John settled himself. "Order anything you fancy. It'll be on the house."
His cock strains up against my arse, and I know he’s more than ready for me to slick him up so he can slide home. But there’s something else I want to do first.
John realized belatedly that Sherlock was struggling as they got closer to the bed. He stopped a few feet away and just held Sherlock, letting him breathe, grateful that the other man wasn’t drawing away from him. His eyes were closed as he drew deep breath after deep breath and his teeth chattered. John felt more determined to warm him up, but the living room was so much farther away and it was certainly the only other place that Sherlock might find comforting.
They didn't think about it again that day. After all, the new tests had been negative less than twenty-four hours ago.
The flat of his tongue retraced its previous steps, base to tip, dragging the foreskin upwards, tensing to a point at the slit and probing gently before flattening to curve around the head. Naturally, John’s hand found its way right back into those endlessly satisfying curls as Sherlock took him into his mouth.
Their relationship wasn’t one built on so many words--they had never verbalized their mutual adoration and affection for each other, never given a label to their relationship--but that was because it wasn’t needed, the same way John knew he didn’t need to tell Sherlock that he knew, or that he was sorry, or that he would never let anyone lay a hand on him again.
When he caught the last button in his teeth, he pulled the shirtfront from Sherlock’s trousers without a care that his chin had just brushed against the other alpha’s erection. There would be time for that soon enough. He licked the sparse trail of hair that decorated the detective’s naval, groaning at the taste of aroused skin. This was where he gave in to the temptation to bite, to sink his teeth into hot flesh. It was safe here--there was no bonding at the belly button, only tantalizing skin marked with his claim.
A small smile crept over his lips. The elf disappeared and John turned to his quarters, surveying his room in this castle he'd come to call home all those years ago. He didn't know what Sherlock Holmes wanted from him, but this was what he'd missed during all of his training and time at St. Mungo's: the thrill of being in the castle, no matter what it had to offer him.
John stood, holding her with one hand in her curls and one forearm tucked under her bottom for support. His eyes fell closed as he breathed her in, recognizing the unique combination of their two scents that was strongest at her nape. All Sherlock could do was watch the moment play out.
“Hang on.” At the harsh tone, the young man’s attention snapped back to John. “You can’t seriously be trying to turn us away because we’re
"I'd let you watch me prepare myself. Have you ever thought about it? About my long fingers when they push up into my greedy little arse while I think of your cock?"
He tried to imagine it, the anticipation building, the feel of a stranger’s expert mouth setting to work. Just waiting for Sherlock’s lips to touch him was an overwhelming experience and then--
John adjusted his foot on the floor and pushed upwards at a slightly different angle, repeating it several times until the stimulation of Sherlock's prostate literally had the man leaking against his stomach and panting into his lover's damp, sandy hair.
“Mary wants me to take medication.” Matter of fact. No implied feeling either way. Making threats to illusions. Not quite a shining declaration of sanity. “Says I’d be better if I didn’t see you every time I turned around.” Jealous? No, he’d never suspected that. She worried. Worries. Constantly. Knows his imaginings are few and far between but thinks a daily pill is the answer, all the same. Anti-psychotic. Seeing things that aren’t there. Wishing they were. Always wishing, never hoping. Unfilled prescription tucked away in a drawer for the day when this becomes too much.
Sherlock stepped closer, reaching up a hand as though he was going to touch the shorter man, but then he drew his hand away, clasping his fingers behind his back.
He took his chance with a mind-cast silencing charm aimed at the staircase. He wasn't sure it would work, but his first step onto the rickety wood was silent save for the pounding of his own heart, and John breathed quietly with a sharp rasp as he moved slowly from one broken piece of ply to the next.
“I think it mostly depends on the childhood relationship, parents picking favorites, all that.” He sets himself up on his elbow, mirroring Sherlock. “What’s brought this on, then? Psychoanalyzing so that you can
"This is where the wardrobe comes in, John," the Headmaster explained. "Inside it is a Pensieve, which my brother would refer to as his ‘Mind Palace.’ He empties excess thoughts into it regularly, so that he never has to worry about forgetting anything. If he has gone home to recollect his thoughts and get everything in order for a potential showdown with Mr. Moriarty, I believe your incident in the Room of Requirement would practically be swimming on the surface." The Headmaster pointed to the room again, the one with the wardrobe in it. "Just get into this room, John, and you'll be able to get us the information we need."
it was beautiful. The sensation of Sherlock’s cock pulsing against his stomach and the rhythmic contractions of his body around him and
It took nearly half an hour for the knot to settle, and by the end of it, Sherlock had decided that being on top wasn’t the best position when one hadn’t had much sleep or rest in the beginning of heat. Best to get that one out of the way early on next time so his legs wouldn’t be quite so straining by the time the knot was ready to release him.
The Hufflepuff sighed. "I'm sorry, I just expected to have a quiet night--I wasn't expecting that you'd be here. I was up half the night last night with a bunch of Slytherins who'd gotten it in their brains that it'd be a good idea to take a midnight fly by the Whomping Willow."
Next came Sherlock's scarf, soft cashmere in Ravenclaw blue with a dull silver striped throughout. He tucked it into one of his pockets and followed the walking trail until he recognized the area.
John’s fingers were gentle, and Annabelle didn’t stir at his touch. A lump rose in Sherlock’s throat at the quiet heaviness of this moment
“You can take it off if you promise not to run,” Sherlock said. He was holding John’s arms tightly in the jumper and breathing harshly between his words. He bit down on the lobe of his partner’s right ear, breath hot and humid as he whispered, “I’ll be so good to you if you don’t run.”
“No, it’s... fine.” He reached for the straining buttons on his shirt and started unbuttoning them from the bottom up. “They’re being particularly active right now, if you’d like.” He put his left hand on the outer side of his exposed stomach, an invitation for John to feel.
John stayed perfectly still. He didn't want to hurt the other man, and he'd seen enough anal catastrophes in his time as a doctor to know that there was a lot going on down there that could tear and bleed if things weren't taken slow to start.
They stayed like that, breathing and shaking together, until Sherlock’s knees threatened to give out. With John still locked in place, it was up to them both to coordinate down onto the bed.
And when he slid his fingers into those beautiful curls and pulled that heart-shaped mouth down on his cock, John knew he agreed, whole-heartedly.
"Ah, Jim. Primarily in the product he uses in his hair, though there are other tells. Personal grooming, for example, and the way he keeps his nails perfectly manicured." Sherlock pulled a slip of paper from his pocket and signed it with the very same raven quill John had transfigured him the day they'd met.
“It would be unprofessional of you to leave this bed and answer that when I’m paying you,” John mumbled against the side of Sherlock’s neck.
Before John could question anything further, the man was pulling on a dark blue scarf that wasn't particularly in season in the late summer, but John didn't have time to say anything. He was being pulled by the sleeve of his robes out into the hall and down the corridor. Their footsteps echoed off stone, almost making it sound as if they were being followed.
He didn't recognize it at first, but when he turned his illuminated wand toward its source, he saw Molly's boyfriend. He certainly looked different from when John had last seen him. Gone were his threadbare slippers and comfortable night robes, exchanged for all-black, sleek robes that seemed to cling against his frame like liquid silk. His tie had little glints of silver thread in the wand light.
“If anything, it’ll help me from saying anything too embarrassing in the moment,” John explained, holding the bulky mouthpiece up for Sherlock’s hazy inspection. “But I’d be lying if I said my mouth wasn’t watering at the thought of--” He cleared his throat and looked a bit sheepish at the almost-admission. “So I’ll wear it the first time, and we can reevaluate it later once we’ve calmed down a bit.”
He hummed a bit, rubbing up and down, giving himself a slow tease before taking himself in hand at the base. The last time he'd had a nice mouth wrapped around his cock had been--what? Six, seven months ago? God, he needed to be less of a workaholic. If he could just get away from the hospital for more than an hour outside of needing to sleep, maybe he'd have better luck finding someone who would sleep with him more than once.
“My sincerest apologies, Mr. Watson, it seems there’s been a misunderstanding,” said the manager. He turned toward the receptionist, who was now refusing to meet any of their eyes. “Alexander, if you’d please assist Mr. Watson and his
"We are not conceiving our child on the kitchen floor," Sherlock said, still turning his head to give more access to the sensitive expanse of his neck.
That mouth drew away and Sherlock's body protested at the loss, hips rising off the bed in search of what he wanted. Then John's finger slipped out of him with a teasing brush against his innermost gland before coming up to lightly wrap around his cock.
--and thrust home once more, stilling his hips and letting himself be taken as deeply as possible by the clenching muscle.
He shoved his trousers and pants down, kicking them away so they were on the floor, wrapped around one ankle. After all, remembering last time, all he'd wanted to do was spread his legs for more leverage. This time, he'd have it.
Mycroft's face had paled, but he had believed his brother was actually dreaming rather than invading the privacy of their father's mind.
That was another thing he still wasn’t used to. It was brilliant, of course--this recent development that he could feel one or both of the babies moving while Sherlock felt it internally. Life--that was what was under the pale, lined flesh of Sherlock’s stomach--life that they’d created together.
He should have known Sherlock would deduce that he was checking up, but it was for their own good. There was no use in trying for a baby if Sherlock didn't understand how much their lives would change, not only immediately after the baby was born and for the rest of their lives thereafter, but in the trying and the subsequent pregnancy.
"Harder, John," Sherlock whispered, and that was John's queue that he may have spent just a bit too long with the foreplay. Sherlock wasn't bossy any longer, but his body was on edge, waiting and wanting, and it was true of John that he wouldn't be able to wait too long, either.
On the fifty-third page of a forum thread for Alpha-Omega couples, Sherlock found something that had potential. A female omega with a male alpha didn’t want to be bred and had bad reactions to birth control solutions. Multiple people were recommending a product called an O-Masturbator, which sounded positively childish, but the reviews made him want to research it a bit further. Apparently the omega could slot it between her thighs and the alpha could penetrate it in her place. It was a slightly off angle, but it would simulate the feeling of a true coupling. That was, in essence, what he was hoping to find.
John tucked himself in to the table and had barely had time to glance around before an overflowing mug of Butterbeer was being placed on the table by a very large, very imposing looking gentleman wearing a bar apron.
,” John replied. They’d stashed the lube and a condom under one of Sherlock’s pillows so it wouldn’t be thrown off the bed or kicked away with the sheets. He retrieved them now, pressing another open-mouthed kiss to Sherlock’s jaw as he leaned forward. “It’ll feel amazing, I promise.”
Hamish doesn’t need another word of encouragement. Stark naked, he drops to the rug and tears at the paper, tossing the lid off the box just as quickly as he discards the wrapping. The shoulders of the pyjamas are folded neatly under a layer of tissue paper and Hamish plucks them from the box.
"It's so much more than that, John." Almost a whisper, just barely loud enough for John to know that it had been meant for his ears. John didn't add anything, thinking that Sherlock had reached the end of his emotional capacity for the night.
There were too many sensations. It was quickly becoming more than Sherlock could comprehend in his state of mind. His cock, slipping in and out of John's mouth while being sucked with such enthusiasm; the light brush of wool against his thighs from John's jumper-clad person; the finger that was now thrusting slowly inside his arse, curving gently to ghost against his prostate; the burn in his shoulders and wrists from pulling against his restraints; the gentle sound of suction, a wet, obscene slurp each time his dreamer's mouth disengaged from his cock.
His hands spread fully across my arse as I reach the bottom of his cock, and as soon as he’s fully inside me, he grasps both cheeks and spreads them, allowing me to sink down just a fraction farther. It burns fantastically, and I lean forward to release just the smallest bit of him before sinking back down again.
“I’m never going to be able to wear this suit again without thinking of this,” he says, shrugging off the suit jacket and flipping it to see the lube stains at the hem. “I don’t even know where I could get this cleaned without dying of mortification.”
Similarly, there was something under those words that encouraged the detective to drop the subject, but when a Holmes got an idea, a Holmes followed through, even if it meant coming out of a cloud of smoke with only nine toes.
He didn't seem to mind taking John's time to do it, though, and he tossed an unsteady flap of black his way.
He'd felt mortified when he was witness to Mycroft's first wet dream a year and a half later. He could never look at his French tutor the same way.
. The Anderson fellow could get down on hands and knees and John still didn't think they'd get him to tell them anything he didn't want them to know.
Sherlock was laying on the couch, an uncommon blanket wrapped around himself in addition to his t-shirt and untied dressing gown. It was becoming a habit for Sherlock to cover himself up, though John wished it wasn’t something that had extended into their home lives.
John remembered watching Muggle films with villains--and this was happening just the way they tended to in the movies. Jim was bragging, making Sherlock see what he could do. He stepped closer and closer until he was only an inch or two to John's side. John wondered how many deaths the man had orchestrated, what was driving him. He didn't say as much, just that he had no fears about continuing on.
As they were designed, there didn’t appear to be any room for a second cock to fit inside, but at least now he had something to move forward with.
"Sherlock Holmes!" the man cried, clapping his hands together and looking between the two men at the table. "You didn't tell me you'd be bringing someone. Let me just get a candle for the table. It will be more romantic." He was gone, leaving a cheeky wink at John in his wake.
"They actually let you brew the stuff?" John remembered when he was in school, they'd been told there wasn't even a public set of ingredients for the potion.
“Your growth is equivalent to that of a carrying parent who is about twelve to thirteen weeks along, but the persistence of your morning sickness and other early symptoms suggested that you weren’t quite so far into the pregnancy,” the woman said. “Dr. McDonnel suspected that a multiple birth may be a possibility, but didn’t want to worry you in case it was something more serious. And here we are--” She pointed to the screen, at one of the small figures. “Baby A.” A French-tipped nail directed their sight toward the second. “And Baby B. I’d say you’re likely about nine weeks along, judging by their sizes. Baby B looks to be just slightly larger, but that tends to happen.”
.” Sherlock plucked the lens from his pocket and handed it to the grabby-handed toddler who was digging into his coat. Her little fingers grasped it and tugged gently. He narrowed his eyes, lips turning up softly, and waited for her to repeat him.
John swallowed the moan that threatened to escape and let his head fall back for the briefest of moments before refocusing his attention. Sherlock's body continued to move above him, a slow, practiced movement meant to keep the doctor on the verge for as long as possible; to draw it out until the pair of them were nearly sobbing with need.
"Jim Moriarty. Hi." He gave a sheepish wave that looked entirely unnatural on him. "Jim?" He asked, as if trying to trigger Sherlock's memory. "Molly's Jim?" he repeated. "Did I really make such a fleeting impression?"
John let his head tip back further on the thick blankets. Sherlock was usually more about the “main course” of sex than the foreplay. That he was sucking a wet spot into John’s pants and humming in quiet enjoyment was certainly an unexpected turn for the night. Well,
John held out his hand in a daze, only really registering the hand shake when he felt something like an electric shock pulsing in his palm. A warmth spread through his fingers at the tight grasp of the other man’s hand and John jumped a bit, eyes darting to the touch. He couldn’t see the wrist opposite his own, but he didn’t need to.
“Please, John,” Sherlock said, falling forward and lifting his arse at the same time. The other man was avoiding stimulation of his knot, probably in a misguided attempt to make it last longer.
She was much younger here, walking down Baker Street with a small child balanced on her hip. Her hair was a bit lighter than he imagined it had been when she was this age, and her glasses had horned rims. This, this was too deep for him to have known about from observing and deducing the woman--her want for children, the lack thereof and, later, the knowledge that she wasn't able. But in this world, it was attainable. Children were possible in dreams. Anything was.
When Mummy confronted their father, he admitted everything. His things were boxed and gone before the Holmes brothers woke the next morning.
, and they’d spent nearly five hours down at the Yard finishing the case the pink smoke had definitively solved. All John really wanted to do was turn down those lush hotel blankets and crawl into bed with his husband. Now that the case was solved... well. There were things that could be taken care of that simply weren’t on the radar while Sherlock was engrossed in a triple homicide.
"We'd have to eat better, be more active, no more noxious chemicals, no more staying up for three days. It's a lot to change, Sherlock." John didn't know if he was trying to talk Sherlock out of it or draw out the elusive promise of change.
The way his head flopped back onto the pillow, eyes squeezed tight, once Sherlock’s hips settled was a sight Sherlock was sure would feature in his masterbatory fantasies until the end of time.
Sherlock waved a hand dismissively and walked to the front of the classroom, turning and leaning against his desk. "She's been distracted lately. Domesticity--she's gained three pounds in the last few weeks thanks to a new boyfriend who is likely a closeted homosexual."
I scissor my fingers again, moaning too loudly as my middle finger brushes over my prostate, making my cock twitch and drip liberally. Part of me is certain I’d sell my soul for John Watson to pull my hand away and take me over this table right now, but that’s not what I want—what I want is the picture behind me.
But here was John Watson, who had taken him apart with his hands and mouth and proved why Mike Stamford had jokingly referred to him as “Three Continents Watson” when he realized Sherlock had gone home with him. John Watson, who had clearly made it this far in life without accidentally bonding himself to some unsuspecting Omega.
The look John received from the professor was clearly one of the "I am not on such a low level" variety.
“I can do that,” he says, pressing one last kiss to my shoulder before turning and walking into the kitchen.
John's hand stalled and he swallowed silently, kicking down the not-uncommon fluttering before drawing back and checking on the wound. "How does it feel?"
“Christ, that’s beautiful,” he mutters, pushing forward incrementally until he’s fully seated inside. Feeling his his trousers against my naked legs as he stands behind me, and the full knowledge of what we must look like right now, makes me groan and drop my forehead against the cool wallpaper. I can feel where his unbuttoned jacket drapes across my hips, enclosing me just slightly and tickling me with each thrust as he starts to move.
John reached for the condom, but the fingers were withdrawn slowly, still inviting him to replace them.
Mycroft Holmes leaned back in his chair for a moment. "He expects a lot from his students. Doesn't suffer anything less than brilliance. Rose Weasley, for example, is one of his most prized students. You'll surely meet her--her brother Hugo is a mischief maker and spends quite a bit of time in the infirmary. She'll be a prefect this year for Gryffindor."
The previously empty space on the monitor came to life and John watched, praying for something--a little bean-shaped person who might take a minute to locate, but as long as the baby was there, they’d be okay.
John coughed his half-chewed toast into his palm and stared at his partner, who had posed his question without even bothering to look up from his laptop. To say that the question was quite unexpected would have been akin to saying Sherlock and Anderson didn't particularly get along.
He began to plant small kisses against Sherlock's jawline, smiling against him when those long fingers began to twist into his hair to draw him closer.
John pressed his mouth to the temptation, moving his hand from Sherlock’s shoulder to pin one hand next to the curly-haloed head on the pillow. With his other hand on the toy, all of his weight was rested on Sherlock’s palm and his own knees as he thrust relentlessly against his lover. Heat. That was the dominant sensation in the room. Warmth, wetness, and
His fingers unbuttoned his fly and he pushed his hips up off the seat to lower his jeans enough that he could fish his cock out of his pants and spread his legs a bit. He didn't wrap his fingers around himself the way he wanted to. Instead, he ran his open palm from tip to base, dipping down and fondling his balls when his on-screen lover's French manicured fingers did the same to the man she was sucking.
Had he been an omega, it would have been easy to lie back and enjoy the harsh, wonderful reality of the stubble against his chin and the biting lips playing fiercely over his own. He would have been wriggling with want as his body prepared for the main attraction. Legs would spread willingly, body pinned to linens, and he’d be so thoroughly claimed that he wouldn’t want to emerge from the bedroom for days.
He was barely a moment behind Sherlock, and when he saw the other man hurdling himself down the street, he hurried himself to keep up. Sherlock's robes were still slightly sooty--he hadn't bothered with the simple spell he'd chided John about earlier in the day.
John's left hand released it's vise grip on Sherlock's right hip and reached down to give the consulting detective's balls a good, solid tug, obviously realizing that they were drawing up in preparation for orgasm. Slightly calloused fingers held him, lightly caressing, distracting enough that Sherlock Holmes didn't notice the middle finger slipping along his perineum until it was pressed up against his hole.
Sherlock had lied, of course. He'd worked out the final variable while John had made his way up the stairs.
Sherlock dropped his small duffel on a worn armchair--thrift store, purchased by John rather than the owner, covered by a plaid Afghan to hide how threadbare it was. He probably would’ve been able to go deeper with the deduction, but his brain always started to run a little slower as his heat came on. As it was, he could tell where John was in the room by scent alone, and it was making him
“You’re not usually quite this insistent.” The kettle calls to him. John doesn’t realize it’s been so long. Lingering silence hypnotized him. Breathing. He could hear Sherlock breathing. In and out, like he used to. Even.
Sherlock nodded. “He would’ve figured it out as soon as he was in the flat--she smells of him. I needed to tell him before.”
"One day it won't be enough." Her voice was very nearly echoing now. "One day, we'll be standing around a body, and Sherlock Holmes will be the one who put it there."
There was a rustling behind him and the sound helped Sherlock place himself in the sitting room. They weren't far from the fire place, perhaps between their two chairs, pushed out of the way.
"The knocking was purely an alert to my presence. I know how you can get lost in that head of yours," the Headmaster replied. The older man had mentioned that the Potions master was his brother at some point, but John hadn't retained it as he should have. The taller man stepped into the room, pulling his robes closer to him as he did. "I've brought a guest with me, Sherlock. If you're not going to show me a bit of hospitality, do pay attention to the newest addition to our staff."
John knew Sherlock would be sore later, surely, from the over-exertion, but it was a small price to pay.
Sherlock groaned and clutched at his stomach. "Leftover Thai," the consulting detective said before retching again into the toilet bowl. John stroked his back, not even wincing at the smell, and offered to make a run to the store for crackers.
After John's last fantasy, Sherlock wasn't surprised to hear a zipper being pulled, nor was he surprised when John got closer and he felt the wooly jumper pressed against his back.
But there was one thing he needed to get out of the way if he was going to embark on his first homosexual relationship. He knew that by now Sherlock knew--Sherlock seemed to know everything--but he felt it needed to be said:
John positioned himself  behind Sherlock and the younger man straightened a bit on his knees, hoping he'd be perfectly aligned for the doctor's penetration.
John paused only a few feet from the entrance to the office Sherlock had entered. The sliver plate on the door announced it to be the office of: G. Lestrade, Head of Magical Law Enforcement.
It should have been unappealing to John. Having a tall, male body pressed against him with the obvious intention of doing dirty things to him should have made John want to put the fellow in a headlock and then run for home.
"Would you like to fuck me, doctor? Without a wall between us?" He didn't wait for an answer before nibbling on the lobe of John's ear. "I would." His fingers slipped below John's jumper in the front and slid along the slight curve of his belly. "I'd love to get you out of these clothes and lay you out on silk sheets. Have you ever felt silk on your bare skin?" That breathy voice was doing wicked things in John's imagination, and knowing what those lips were capable of was making John's time even worse.
"What do you smell, then?" John asked, though he didn't expect an answer. Sherlock probably didn't smell a thing; the man was celibate as a rock.
Only a few upward pumps of his hips later, John could feel a cramp starting in his leg. He didn’t want to give up, wasn’t ready to give in without his prize.
The fingers returned just as John unzipped his fly and John was tempted to shove his flaccid cock through the hole just to remind the man that it was useless to him in such a state.
A pair of hands--sturdy hands, careful hands, surgeon's hands--slipping from his shoulders to his elbows, from his elbows to his wrists and just
"So you, what, decided a nice stroll of the towers would be a good idea?" John squared his shoulders, defensive at the man's words about his colleague. Simple she was, but it was endearing. She was innocent; trusting. She didn't deserve to be slandered by a bloke who just hadn't known what he was getting into with her.
“Sherlock,” John said, tossing the magazine back to the table. “You are thirty-two weeks pregnant with twins. The cramping you’ve been experiencing could be considered preterm labor. If she puts you on bed rest, you will adhere to it or I will tie you to the bedposts.”
"You smell like mould," John said against Sherlock's lips with a small smile before kissing him again. John's tongue snuck out from between his lips and pressed between Sherlock's, licking into the other man's mouth and then quietly retreating, inviting Sherlock to follow.
“I can’t tell you what to do anymore than you can get inside my dear brother’s mind and make him tell you, John,” Mycroft said, his voice more gentle than John had ever heard it. This was partially because his given name sounded much less harsh than the formal “Doctor Watson,” but John also suspected that Mycroft was being genuine. “However, I can tell you that he cares for and trusts you in addition to accepting your affections, and with Sherlock, that is as close to the perfect partnership as one is liable to get.”
Sherlock froze then, staring at John with eyes just a bit too wide. “Nothing of importance. I’ve already explained this to both my insufferable brother and his friends at the Ministry.” He was defensive about it; that was John’s first red flag. Sherlock rarely got emotional about things quite so tedious.
Sherlock shivered. Everything was laid out in this. If he could make John agree to this, if they could safely make love with the assistance of the toy he now held in his hand, then they could bond together--and there would never be another date to call John away from, there would never be another scent lingering in the air when John came home the morning after.
"I'm so sorry, John." Sherlock reached out and touched John's lips with a gentle finger, just a ghost of a touch. And then he gave his wand a small twist and whispered a spell John had never knowingly had cast on him.
Sherlock began to breathe heavier as the fantasy played on in his mind. Pressing John up against the wall and assuming the part of the alpha inside, teeth digging into the sensitive flesh of his neck, now biting the jumper in his place. It was easy to bring the other alpha’s panting whimpers into his ear; to imagine hot breath trickling against his own neck. The short taste of that man’s skin now lingered on his tongue once more, getting stronger as he dove deeper into the headspace of the fantasy.
Most people assumed she was his niece. Of course they did--he was a single parent. No one assumed an unbound Omega would have a child. It was a perk afforded to him purely because of his status as the Little Brother of Mycroft Holmes. He was loath to admit it, but his brother’s position as the British government did come with certain benefits.
“Do you want to put bottoms on?” John whispered. “You don’t like sleeping in the--” The voice of reason, John was. Always. Sherlock hated the texture of the duvet on his calves. No other part of his body, just his calves, so he always had to wear bottoms. Now was probably the most ridiculous time to be paying any attention to the textural needs of the backs of Sherlock’s legs, but John wanted to take care of him. All of him, calves and shins and kneecaps included.
"I've pinpointed when I believe my ovulation cycle will begin next month," he said, switching the slides he was studying. "It would be most beneficial for us to have sex every two or three days for the full month but to have sex once per day in the four days when my body will be most fertile. There is a margin for error, but I'm confident that it should work."
But they both wanted it--they'd talked so much about their hypothetical child in the last week that John was almost regretful that they hadn't already started trying.
“Leave it.” I pull it back up onto his shoulders, then adjust it a bit so it’s all settled properly. He’s standing just shy of the threshold from the kitchen to the sitting room, and the crinkled look on his face tells me he thinks me insane. Like dressing him is somehow counterproductive to getting what I want.
“That’s all we’ll be needing.” John smiled his “get on with it” smile. He was tired from occupying his afternoon worrying about everything he owned being
“So that’s settled, then?” John asked, sliding it back across the table for Sherlock to deface further.
"Sherlock, run!" he commanded. But the other man stayed, wand still pointed directly at the pair of them.
The man had been castrated and left to bleed out, but the room only had one window and had been locked from the inside. Your typical "How is this possible?" case that Sherlock would solve just as soon as his brain stopped swimming with opportunity.
John's hands gripped the sides of Sherlock's thighs and urged him up. There was a slight huff of protest against his lips, but that was the only sound that didn't come from the slide of their skin, the shifting of the couch.
“Of course,” Sherlock replies, as if he has any choice. He enjoys telling the boy stories, but it’s hard to keep Hamish believing in fairy tales when he’s seen the harsh realities of the world. Occupational hazard.
It felt so good to take a few minutes to relax. He wasn't sure he'd taken any time for himself since coming to Hogwarts, not really. Moments sans Sherlock were rarer and rarer, though he hadn't paid it much mind. He enjoyed the other man's company; he liked being able to watch him work, even when Sherlock lost himself for days on end.
Rose stepped back, just a moment short of standing in a stream that would've flooded her Mary Janes.
you’re so fond of?” Concocting wishes for Father Christmas simply sounds like a daunting task. Hamish doesn’t have the most advanced motor skills for a four year old, but he has a certain flair for perfectionism that means he has to start everything over if he messes up a single letter.
“Sherlock?” He walked into the living room and found Sherlock looking up at him from the couch, sitting with an almost-empty plate in his lap and a huge volume opened in front of him. The plate that had had almost half of a three-tiered chocolate cake on it last time John had seen it.
The friction of his shirtfront against my back sends sympathetic curls of electricity through my body, shooting directly to my cock like pleasure-inducing static. I want to get a hand on myself, but I resist, instead choosing to set my arms out in front of me to give myself the leverage to help him fuck me.
And then there was a blindingly gorgeous burst of pleasure from the left side of his neck, just a few inches below his ear, spreading quickly to the rest of his body. Before he even had time to cry out, the knot at the base of his cock was swelling in tandem with his new mate’s. It was nearly impossible to continue moving as their bodies worked together to coat the inner walls of the cylinder between them with their seed.
The girl beamed up at her professor until the end of the block, when Sherlock announced that their assignment was to go and find him three other closely-regulated potions that affected the mind in favor of the person administering the potion.
--and not think that he is the most incredible person in the room is beyond my comprehension.” John paused, daring anyone to say a word. “He is--”
A soft whimper passed Sherlock's lips and John whispered a quiet "Shhhh" against his partner's neck, knowing full well that a "Get on with it, John" was likely somewhere behind that sound.
"The interfering bastard already knows." Sherlock tugged at his left coat sleeve anxiously. "He thinks we'll name the baby after my--"
The ring he’d had tucked into his pocket was a smooth, dark metal with a lighter band in the center. No ornate jewels, no splashy designs. It was simple, yet precise.
"Good morning," John said, pressing himself against Sherlock's back. He'd woken up hoping for a bit of unscheduled shagging, but had found himself alone. As it was, he was already quite prepared to do his part in their baby making routine, and he let it be known with a gentle sway of his hips against his lover's arse.
John straightened. He didn’t think he wanted to talk about it, especially with someone he’d once passed the time with. They’d had a brief fling that involved several storage closets and a few unadvised sleepless nights in his flat between shifts. Of course, that had promptly ended the moment her clock had unexpectedly run down one afternoon in the waiting room of the A&E.
Fingers wrapped around his cock to bring him out of his nervous state and stroked him up and down, sliding slick and warm. John realized belatedly that the fingers were coated with lube and before he could question it, he was being guided between two arse cheeks and a hot, tight ring of muscle was opening for the head of his cock.
“I want you to flip me over,” I whisper in his ear, letting myself give in to the urge to nibble at his ear. “I want you to turn me over and take what you need.”
It looked rather like an incredibly thick torch with a flesh-toned silicone anus on one end. As ridiculous as it looked, he imagined that if he could find one large enough to fit two erect alpha cocks into, it could be just the solution he was looking for. The very idea of sliding his cock along John’s and into a tight, wet passage was almost enough to flare up his desire once more.
They were still ticking down when he was sent home. He watched them on the plane, on the train, on the tube through his London. He watched the number getting smaller from months to weeks.
“I’ve a reservation under Watson,” John said, tapping his credit card against the granite countertop. The young man at the computer smiled politely and started clicking through reservations.
It wasn't as easy in real life. He couldn't take the whole thing, but he made up for it by swallowing around what he could manage, by hollowing out his cheeks the way John so loved in his dreams. His tongue worked at the underside, and he let his lover lead him with his hands, occasionally pulling away and leaving Sherlock empty just long enough to endearingly stroke his cheek or to run the tip of his penis over Sherlock's lips, glossing them with his precome.
Knowing how well they fit together outside of heat, Sherlock couldn’t even imagine the ecstasy that awaited them.
"Sherlock." The man was buried under the blanket and pillows, only one hand visible from under one of the pillowcases. John took it, stroking the open palm with his thumb.
He needed to do something; he wanted to see Sherlock, to make sure that the potions had fixed him the way they were meant to.
John resigned himself and headed out the door, thankful he didn't need to worry about paying for a meal he wasn't going to get to enjoy.
But this must have been something John enjoyed; the slow build of pressure, the stretch around his fingers. He had worked Sherlock to two and was pumping them in and out, avoiding the younger man's prostate, even when Sherlock tried to twist his pelvis to force the sensation. Each time he so much as moved, John would introduce his right hand to Sherlock's arse with a loud smack of skin to skin, one by one, surely leaving handprints that Sherlock would be able to trace in the light of day.
But those were things they could deal with. Maybe not in public, but it would all be dealt with on their own time. Sherlock and John--they were untouchable.
John offered his hand without waiting for Sherlock to extend his, which was uncommon in Alphas. They typically preferred for the Omega to initiate the first physical contact--one of the first symptoms of submission, even in those who weren’t preparing to be bound to each other. There was simply no way John Watson had missed the fact that Sherlock was an Omega, so this was an interesting twist in cultural norms.
John had he miserable realization on Tuesday morning when he saw on the news that a local porn shop had been shut down after its owners were arrested for a string of vicious murders.
Each time Sherlock woke from the fantasies, he woke with the knowledge that he wasn't the only one waking from a fresh orgasm. He woke knowing that across the flat, John was alone when they could've been spent together.
"Of course not. I was attracted to you toward the end. Why else would I have approached you in the hall? I'd solved the case by then." Sherlock reached out for him again and John let himself be pulled up against the other man so their bodies were aligned once more. "I wasn't lying about wanting you inside me, John," that voice whispered in his ear. "I still want to ride your cock until you're screaming my name."
I hum contentedly once I’ve sufficiently memorized every second of the last 36 minutes, shifting just enough that he’s clued in that he needs to extricate himself. With a huff, he slowly pulls out, taking care. I can feel his come slowly dripping out of me—he must see it too, because he clears his throat in a way that makes me think he wishes he could go again.
“I don’t think I can do this.” Sherlock’s voice was quiet, practiced as if he’d been mumbling the words in order to work up a script for when he was ready to say them aloud.
“This evening, my brother believed you were going to strike him.” Mycroft’s words were delivered with such nonchalance that John nearly balked at him.
“I can just... ride you, if you’d like to try to sleep through it.” Sherlock kept his tone light and joking, but he was completely serious. He couldn’t wait another 82 minutes for John’s sleep cycle to complete; he could already feel the heat pooling between his hips, a waiting emptiness. Neither of them had more than three hours of consecutive sleep since this began, so he could understand if John needed... a respite.
John started pacing again for a moment, just a quick back and forth. “I’m not saying I’m never coming back, Sherlock, I just... I can’t to meet her right now, not with my head like this. I need to... I don’t know. Take a walk. Will you be--can I come back later?”
He couldn’t feel his toes, couldn’t even be sure if he was still at Baker Street. The whole thing made him feel like he was in a drug-induced delirium with the pleasure from the bonding. He held John closer.
Now, at 26, he was rushing through the hall toward where they’d just called him down to the A&E. He’d been having a nap (if he could call it that--it’d barely been 20 minutes  since he’d relocated some bloke’s shoulder), but apparently there had been a bad car accident and they were borderline overwhelmed.
“You’re wrong, of course,” Sherlock said a moment later. Before John could admonish him for his doubts, Sherlock added, “I’m certain they’ll be brilliant, but I doubt our children will be quite at the level of such rhymes from birth. We’re at least a year from fingerplay.”
You're back in this castle for the first time in however many years, offered a job at Hogwarts doing almost the same thing you've been doing at St. Mungo's for most of your adult life. You could have been scrubbing floors in the Infirmary, but there isn't that particular sort of dust down there. No, you've paid a visit to your old common room--loyalty as much as curiosity to see what's changed. Your knees still have a bit of the dust from where you crawled in. It's been so long since you've been there, you're out of practice with having to do a simple cleaning spell the way the first years are taught on their first night."
“Does she not like yellow teddies?” John asked, clearly going for a joke to cut through the tension.
His porn was still playing, and combined with the girl's moans and the heat around his prick and the sounds of the suction coming up from the hole in the wall, John knew he wouldn't last long.
John turned around and walked back out to the sitting room, where Sherlock had successfully deduced him without needing to see him. Nothing new there.
"Rumor has it there is a pool-sized cauldron of the stuff inside the Ministry, but it surely isn't brewed as skillfully as I'm capable of. They aren't aware that I brewed it, but if they can't deduce that from my disposal notice, they're worse off than I'd hoped." A small smile played on the corner of Sherlock's lips. "Now, I believe you were going off to lunch or some other pointless human endeavor. I have work to attend to, so if you wouldn't mind."
God, how he wanted to see him, to know what he'd come so close to having. It was like a stalkerish obsession, the way he wanted to know how those slim hips curved so he could imagine what they would've felt like if he gripped them while fucking the man from behind.
There were several stops along the way to adjust Sherlock’s weight, switch sides, and untangle arms and elbows, but he got Sherlock onto the couch without either of them falling onto the kitchen table. Small victories.
They had to be realistic. Neither of them were in their prime anymore, and while it was still true that one time was all it could take for them to conceive, it was also possible that it could take months, and John wasn't sure Sherlock had the patience for that kind of commitment, or that they wouldn't get bored of the sex right out of the gate.
This, of course, is the filthy kind of sex. The kind that makes you blush when it pops into your mind at a crime scene, or during a meeting at the Yard. The kind that gets you through a dry spell when you need a quick wank to clear your mind.
. When she’d been a newborn, he was certain there were times when he put her to bed only to find that she didn’t fit in her clothes the next morning. He sat an entire night once, just watching her, measuring her intermittently as she snored her tiny baby snores and keeping notes. It was hard now to imagine not being captivated by the very act of her breathing. He’d never wanted this, before. If asked again, he wasn’t even sure he’d say he wanted it now.
The bed creaked below the dreamer's shifting weight and Sherlock's mind tried to theorize what was coming next. He arched his neck and rolled his shoulders a bit, but he was pressed down into the pillows by a commanding hand on his shoulder.
"He does seem a bit like that sort. How is he with students, if you don't mind my asking?" The Headmaster raised an eyebrow, making John feel out of line, so he quickly added, "I just meant that when I was a student, we were all terrified of Professor Snape. He was brilliant, but commanding."
John furrowed his brow, wondering how it could be relevant enough to end their snogging. His mind flitted back to their kiss, momentarily reveling in it until Sherlock shook him again.
Fortunately, living and working with Sherlock Holmes meant that John Watson had become quite adept at lock-picking. After finding an old credit card and a knife, he was able to jostle the lock into submission.
"What did you eat last night?" John asked, crouching down, managing to sway only a bit in his effort to rub the back of Sherlock's neck without putting all his weight on his hand. "When you got up, what did you eat?"
John rolled over and stared at the wall. Endless shadows stared back at him, the darkness willing him to fall into sleep, but he knew it wasn't going to happen. He needed to be in the infirmary in an hour. Maybe a bath was what he needed to relax.
Times weren't usually so desperate, but his computer had been struck down with a virus a week and a half ago, and between sleep and double shifts at Bart's, he hadn't had time to hit the pubs to find himself another short-term girlfriend.
Sherlock could spend all day locked inside his head thinking in a silence so absolute it was near deathly, but that wasn't where he was now. He was here, he was present, he was in a near-ecstatic state that allowed him to switch off that part of his brain and
John watched as Sherlock spoke with an Auror just at the end of the path. The silver-haired man was offering Sherlock a heavy golden cloak to keep him warm, but the younger man kept trying to shrug it off. Finally, the Auror gave up and Sherlock walked away from him, ignoring the man's calls for him to return. Instead, his eyes focused on John's through the dark of the night and he approached his new colleague, stopping a step closer than personal boundaries normally allowed.
“You will, will you?” John asked with a smirk, immediately missing the warmth of the other body against his as Sherlock carefully pulled up and away. He moved across the bed like it was a monumental effort, drastically different from his normal grace and weightlessness.
He could tell when the doctor was getting close. It felt like he was swelling further in his mouth, pressing more desperately into his throat but trying to hold back at the same time.
“Honestly, John,” the detective said, dropping the marker onto the table after capping it roughly. “Do you pay no attention to popular culture?”
John raised his eyebrows and looked at Headmaster Holmes, about to question if he had already announced his intention to hire the healer, but the Potions master interrupted him.
It was strange to hear about the children of war heroes John had once walked the corridors with; fought alongside at the tender age of 13. So few of the third years had managed to stay behind for the Battle, and of those who had, very few had been lucky enough to make it out in one piece.
John chuckled and rolled onto his back, eyes half-lidded. “Of course I don’t want to sleep through it, you ridiculous madman. But I do like the sound of you climbing on board.” His cock was already thickening and filling out, despite its overuse in the last day and a half, and Sherlock got up on his knees. He watched John reach for the small plastic case that held his mouthguard, and stopped him.
Sherlock thought. This had to be John. He couldn't imagine anyone else's hands would be able to take him apart so thoroughly, even if he'd never imagined this in the first place.
John watched as the two men bustled off toward the door, Sherlock speaking animatedly, but quietly. Only a step or two from the exit, the taller man stumbled into the other so convincingly that John moved on instinct, only stopping himself on principle of instruction.
“Let’s have a look.” John reached across the table and dragged over the book closest to him. Sherlock gave a grumble of something similar to “I’m not done yet” as John flipped through the pages, noting some of the black lines censoring out popular names.
He turned around and found Headmaster Holmes standing just a few feet behind him, as though he had materialized silently just after John had turned the corner.
was more posh than Sherlock. “You favor sexual partners who are taller than you, so that would have been an important factor and certainly would have narrowed it down. Most of the rent-boys would have been shorter, since the most common clients are men who need to feel more powerful than their sexual partner. So my height would put me at a disadvantage for most clients, but not for you.” He pulled the shirttails from his trousers and let the purple silk shirt hang open for a moment. “In fact, it made me ideal.”
Sherlock rounded the corner, purposely barreling right into the man. The cooler went skidding across the floor, where it tumbled a bit but didn’t spill its contents. A small blessing; Sherlock hadn’t completely thought that move through.
While each of them regarded their privacy on occasion, it wasn’t uncommon for them to share the bathroom while one or the other shaved-slash-showered if the other had to pee.
"I merely wanted to wish you and my brother the best," Mycroft said and John scowled up at the security camera across the street as he closed the door. "Do keep our father Siger in mind when you get around to considering names."
John knew what he was coming home for, but apparently the detective really didn't have time to mess around.
John hadn't even known it was a potential point of interest in their relationship. Sherlock had never been particularly paternal toward children on cases, unless he was putting on a face to get information. He'd never cooed at a newborn, he'd never asked to hold a baby, he'd never been around a toddler having a wobbly. And while John had always wanted children, he didn't want one on his own. He didn't want Sherlock to lose interest once his experimental fatherhood was complete.
and casually walked through Regent’s Park on a Tuesday afternoon to throw a spanner into Sherlock’s entire life plan.
with their reservation.” After a moment of stunned silence, the young man practically dove back to the computer to finalize details. “And Mr. Watson, please forgive us for the inconvenience--”
When he found an empty break room, he dropped into a chair and pressed his hands to his face, rubbing the sleep from his eyes and trying to calm himself. If she lived through the night, it could be ten years.
He supposed it was a talent left over from the war, being able to see through certain security charms. He'd had to train himself at a young age to look through enchantments, it was one of the things that had made him so talented as a Healer--he could see through a lot of magic in ways that many others couldn't. His fingers pushed lightly at the door, giving him a bit more room to see. It wasn't as though he could see directly through an enchantment; far from it. He could see the faint edges of shapes in the room, though, and that was often enough.
Sherlock took a few steps back, putting distance between himself and the temptation to fall to his knees as John undid his flies, and sat down when his legs found the bed. He leaned back, unbuttoning his trousers and snaking a hand inside to stroke himself, a small relief compared to the hot flood of desire unleashed by the pretty picture being presented to him.
Without saying anything to his well-meaning colleague, John stood and left the room. His shift was close enough to being over. They’d understand why he left, even if he didn’t tell them outright. There was no shame in the need to be
The Shrieking Shack loomed large in front of him, signs warning every dozen feet against trespass. But that clearly didn't stop Sherlock, and John continued past the wire fences and up the dirt path to the almost swaying house. He drew his wand when he got closer and saw that one set of footprints had been dragged rather than steps taken.
Once they were there, slowly rocking into each other with little more than hot air between them, John let his own arms slip around the entirety of Sherlock's thin frame, holding him close and moving with him as his body at once begged for release and for relief from the strain of his lover's weight.
But then those lips were dipping below his belly button, following the smattering of dark hair down to his groin with a slow, teasing lick. Sherlock's eyes closed behind his blindfold and he scrunched up his face and clenched his fists; anything to keep him from thrusting upwards into the face he imagined was only centimeters from his cock.
“Can I?” John’s hand tenderly wrapped around Sherlock’s wrist, stilling his movement. There was an ache deep within the Omega, a burning pleasure that was waiting to engulf him. He just needed--something. And John wanted to give it to him.
"Ta," John replied, dipping the flannel in the dish again. The once clear water was stained with pink and the occasional spot of blue from the salve. "That's exactly what I was going for. It's the right side of 'Like I nearly died chasing a bloke who has been evading me for three weeks so I was in a mind to show him who's boss.'"
"Now you listen to me. I don't know what he's said to you or what he's making you do for him, but trust me: You do not want to be involved with Sherlock Holmes." She let go of his arm and then reached for his left hand, grabbing his wand and touching the tip with her thumb and forefinger. She seemed surprised when the tip glowed white--an Auror, then, testing for Unforgivables. "Do you know why he's here right now? Why he's dragged you out here so late?"
and take him in return. With some monumental effort, he lifted his tingling and exhausted limbs to cocoon himself around his alpha.
"It might help," John said, tracing a finger over one of Sherlock's palms. He liked the idea of Sherlock thinking this through further in the next few weeks. It would give both of  them time to get serious. "Having a... common goal, or whatever, might help keep us on task."
And, on occasion, he didn’t wear a shirt under his dressing gown when he was lounging around the flat, drifting in and out of his mind palace.
“Mrs. Hudson is sitting with her. I had... something I needed to tell you, and it was best I did it before you came in.” Sherlock thought that if he had been more of a simpleton, he’d be wringing his hands to release anxious energy. Instead, he held steady, facing John and preparing himself for the worst.
"Donovan, please leave Professor Watson alone. He's here as my guest." His voice was thick with something not unlike venom. John wondered if there were many people Sherlock Holmes
He grabbed hold of the taller man's robes and pulled him down and forward, slotting their mouths together breathlessly. The sensation of it was like water; it filled every open part of him, flooded him so completely that he was sure he would never be whole again if the other man rejected him.
"No reason at all." John put the flannel back in the dish and stood. "I'll check in on you in the morning, then?"
"Please excuse my brother, Mr. Watson, he isn't fond of guests... Or me, though I'm certain you gathered as much," the Headmaster said sometime later. They'd returned to his office to finalize a few things--signatures, agreements, the lot. "If left to it, I believe he would stay down there in that classroom for months on end if I didn't venture to drag him out regularly."
Last year, Mycroft had cleared the Christmas Grotto three days before the holiday so that his nephew could have Father Christmas all to himself rather than being herded through a line. Sherlock holds his tongue and doesn’t say another word about how difficult it’s going to be to get through Harrods on a Saturday in December, even if the Grotto will be theirs alone.
In and out, in and out. Each inhale and exhale seeming more forced and desperate than the one before.
His mind didn’t even register the cold water soaking his feet and knees as he knelt next to Sherlock. “Sherlock, can you hear me?”
His lover was apparently aiming for silence in this scene, so Sherlock gave it to him, but all the same, he let his hips push upwards, seeking that parallel hardness and being sorely denied such purchase when the other man lifted his hips.
John shook his head, curling one hand's fingers into Sherlock's hair in a desperate act to keep the other man's mouth against his. "He'll still be evil in the morning."
John took a deep breath and moved closer to Sherlock, pulling them together. “Sorry for going all melancholy on you there. I just thought it was something you should know if we’re...” He stopped himself by pressing his face into Sherlock’s neck and taking a deep breath. His eyelashes tickled at the skin below Sherlock’s ear. “Just thought you should know.”
Sherlock’s list, expectedly, is less structured and slightly more demanding. He’s simply made a list of six experiments he’d like to conduct in the next few months and the bits he’ll need for each one. Last year, John managed to get him a set of ten fingers--each one from a different person! He’s curious to see if John can get him a similar arrangement of toes, so of course he’s put them on his list in addition to multiple corrosive-yet-surprisingly-child-safe chemicals.
“John.” Sherlock’s brow furrowed agitatedly and he stared at the Healer, blinking twice as if he expected the man to disappear.
It wasn’t John’s most coherent thought, by far, but he was going to put it into action. Without a second’s delay, John began to thrust ruthlessly, knowing it usually took a bit of rough to finish Sherlock if he was going for hands-free. It was a rare occurrence, but tonight was a rare night.
“‘Piss off.’” Sherlock gave the other man a genuine smile, feeling something tremulous and warm stretch between them for a short moment as John chuckled. He suddenly found himself without the deeply harboured hope that John would be shipped off by Mycroft’s men to America or Australia or some remote island. In fact, he wanted him to be closer than the few steps that separated them. Objectively, he knew it was because of their very biology--their respective ages would’ve made simply passing in the street feel like it was causing a biological imperative. There was something beyond that, though. Something that made Sherlock feel safe in a situation where he should’ve felt threatened.
Angelo perked up and, after setting down a plate at a table where the woman was wearing a gigantic, pointed hat, approached them with clasped hands.
John moved closer to Sherlock on instinct, wanting to fill Sherlock’s brain with words and his lungs with air and his heart with the warmth the detective had always been denied.
John brought his head back up to find his lover leaning forward once more, lips instinctively latching onto the side of his neck, letting his hot, panting breaths slip along the moist skin of John's throat. Fingers tangled in curls, holding him in place as John tried to work out the specifics of the way their bodies were situated. Either Sherlock was much more flexible than usual, or John had been too blissed by sensation to notice some important shifting.
The doctor is leaning against the threshold holding two mugs of steaming tea. It’s a bargaining chip if Sherlock has ever seen one. He knows instantly that if he utters even the quietest word of complaint, his lover will likely return to the kitchen and dump the fresh-brewed cup down the sink. And he’s been dearly looking forward to his tea as a reward for getting through whatever crap show John has had droning in the background for the last hour.
Not to mention the regular influx of Howlers the man received in the Owl Post. No wonder Sherlock never wanted to attend meals. As soon as the owls came, it was like a bombardment of red envelopes that would all start shrieking parental gripes at the same time.
, supplied a little voice in John's head. If the doctor was already looking for problems, it couldn't be a good sign. Maybe his age really was against him in this. High-risk.
John obliged, imagining that he wasn't standing in a seedy porn shop fucking a stranger's palm but instead laid out on an elaborate bed of silken sheets, thrusting upwards into a gorgeous, pale, thin man whose name he knew.
He paced around the hallways, listening on guard for necking students, impromptu duels, and the like. He'd only had to break up one or two of the above since returning to the castle. To be honest, he'd turned a blind eye on more than one occasion.
A long, black quill transformed between his fingers and he held it out. Pale fingers brushed his own as they took the ebony feather. John whetted his lips and held his breath when the Potions master stepped away, running the end of the feather along his knuckles as he turned back to his desk.
“But when you come out, either by being invalided, like me, or just because your time is up, they’re legally required to give you the sample back so you can dispose of it as you please. Because they can’t... keep it. I had other things on my mind, obviously, so I didn’t even call the office about it until six or seven months ago, but... they told me there had been some kind of computer error. They had me listed as deceased.”
--have some common, simpleton name that they share with thousands of other children born in the same year.” He crossed off another name with a flourish before turning each of the two books to the next page.
He gave up on sleep two hours later. Every time he closed his eyes, he saw a billow of deep blue disappearing over the edge of the roof.
John had a niggling feeling in his stomach that Mycroft Holmes was not a man whose debt he wished to be in. He didn't say as much, but it must've painted itself across his face because Mycroft drew back the parcel and tucked it away into his robes. There was no offense in his sharp features, but he took a step back.
“Bend over the table and… get yourself ready.” He goes breathless on the last few words, twisting his closed fist over the tip of his cock.
Sherlock took the invitation, sucking John’s testicles through cotton, one after the other and then back again, making John release him and fist his hands in the white down bedding. The base of his cock was next to receive his lover’s attentions, and John arched his back as the tip of Sherlock’s tongue snaked out to trail from base to crown.
“God, Sherlock,” he gasped. He moved his hips only slightly, not yet ready to move much more than a tantalizing wiggle that held so much promise. The hands on his hips were gripping him hard, almost bruisingly so. Somehow, he didn’t care. Let Sherlock mark him. Wouldn’t be the first time.
John was propped up on an elbow, and his free hand splayed on Sherlock’s waist before moving slowly to his belly. He moved it in a small circle with clear suggestion of what he was imagining, but then said, quietly: “Christ, I bet you were beautiful when you were pregnant.”
“Mmm?” John’s hand came to rest on Sherlock’s, but as far as he could tell, John wasn’t opening his eyes yet.
“You’d be nervous, of course,” Sherlock said, undoing his shirt cuffs. “You’ve never hired a prostitute before. Maybe it’s been a while since you’ve been with a man. You choose me because of my eyes, though admittedly the cost of a night with me is outside your budget.”
“What do you want me to do?” John asked, tilting his head back to let Sherlock suck a small bruise just below his ear.
Without meaning to, John let his eyes move from Sherlock's face to the empty goblet across the room. Sherlock's gaze followed and he released John a second later, practically tearing through the air to get to the empty cup. John watched, mostly disinterested--he hadn't died, so it couldn't have been that bad--as Sherlock picked up the goblet with shaking hands.
Sherlock had lost track of how many times he’d said the word “please,” but he was sure it was bordering on an embarrassing number. John’s hand stroked down Sherlock’s stomach to take his cock in hand, and then John pressed deeper, letting the knot slip inside.
Also, as a doctor, he knew anonymous sex was a very, very bad idea. No matter how intrigued he was, he wasn't about to put his cock into an unfamiliar,
John looked the same as he always did, but Sherlock found himself watching the doctor more often, looking for clues. Had the dream been a one-off? The result of Sherlock "cock-blocking" all of his dates? Or had the doctor been fantasizing about controlling him? About spreading him out on a bed and showing him who's boss?
John stared at the receptionist for another moment before taking a deep breath. “Listen, mate, I know for a fact that there is a room somewhere up there with my name on it. I’ve had a long day and I just want to unwind, have a cuppa, and go to bed. So you need to give me a bloody
But a moment later, Sherlock turned onto his side and faced his lover before inclining his head in a vaguely hesitant invitation. John didn’t need to be invited to the comfort zone twice. He was pulling the covers over himself before Sherlock had time to blink. It was only when Sherlock curled up against him and pressed his face into his neck that John remembered that his love was still naked.
John fidgeted for several more moments, only stripping down and getting into the bed when Sherlock sighed at him.
"But only three men know what happened that night, and whatever it was is locked away somewhere in your mind that you won't be able to access." There was something in his words that made John feel like he was failing someone. "And my brother won't say a word about it beyond what he reported to the Aurors. He was much more concerned with seeing that you were watched over while you came out of your sleep."
“John,” he says quietly. He’s done this before. In fact, this is the second Christmas morning to see such news, but that doesn’t quell the gnawing sensation in his lower abdomen. This is, after all, the second time that this has been
He heard Sherlock inhale not far from his ear and reached back with one hand to touch his waist, silently letting him know that now certainly wasn’t the time. The heart-shaped mouth behind him closed audibly.
His eyes drifted up Sherlock’s face, taking in the taut line of his jaw, the thin set of his normally full lips as he tried to clamp them together with his chattering teeth. Those eyes were moving beneath their tightly-shut lids and John couldn’t help feeling that there was an admonishment going on behind them, as if Sherlock were berating himself for his behavior.
The stranger had barely taken a breath while John stared, but when he was finished, a small smile formed on his lips. He held out his left hand from too-long coat sleeves. “The name’s Sherlock Holmes and the address is two-two-one B Baker Street.”
When he returns with a damp flannel, he wipes me down and then hands it to me so I can clean up the couch.
"It smells like..." She took a whiff and closed her eyes, focusing on the odor of the potion, and John didn't know all that much about potion making, but he had a hunch that inhaling fumes was never a very good idea. As such, he was on edge for a moment while the girl contemplated the scent, partly expecting her to keel over. "It smells like copper, fresh parchment, and..." She closed her eyes for a moment before opening them. "Damp. I don't know how to describe that."
He closed his eyes for a moment as John moved closer. The warmth of his body was already something Sherlock craved, but that made sense given that their latest position wasn’t one that encouraged the full-body touching of previous sessions. He scooted himself sideways with the little energy he had left in him, letting John take the hint to get closer, to play the role of the Alpha protector, keeping watch.
“Christ, you’re gorgeous,” John said, standing a few feet away, stroking himself in time with the long fingers moving in and out of Sherlock’s arse. He released his cock, letting it hang heavily between his legs, the knot at the base just barely swollen. Sherlock’s eyes were drawn to it--that was the source of all his relief for the next few days, and he licked his lips slowly, teasingly, in anticipation.
John thought at the spark of hope that flickered across his mind. Morning sickness wouldn't kick in until at least four weeks in most cases, and Sherlock had taken tests every two weeks. He wouldn't have gotten four bad tests.
John breathed, finally getting the most basic form of contact and finally starting to feel the calm he had so wanted before, though now there was an unspoken tension looming between them.
“John--” It sounds more like Sherlock than it used to. John swallows. He hasn’t forgotten that voice, then. Still shaken. Wishing the last words hadn’t been goodbyes. Hadn’t been desperate.
“I’m aware.” Sherlock was sorting his sleeves, still standing shirtless. “I’m beginning to notice stretching on the underside. Will those marks be permanent?”
Sherlock gave him that On Reserve for Anderson look once more, brow furrowed as if the answer were all too clear.
In the morning. John's head felt fuzzier with the thought of spending the night--endless, infinite nights--with Sherlock Holmes. He grabbed, he pulled, he arched. Anything to bring them closer together.
“Take it out,” Sherlock said, staring unashamed at where John’s hand was stroking absentmindedly. His mouth was watering, and he filed away that fantasy for another day. Once the alpha-alpha novelty began to simmer and they grew more used to each other’s scents--then it would be safe. But now....
“Just don’t drop it--we wouldn’t want it to scratch would... we...” Sherlock trailed off, pausing and looking around. There was a change in the wind, and a scent he couldn’t quite place. It smelled like... Annabelle.
"Your guest?" The woman--Donovan--laughed and looked back and forth between the two men. She drew her hand away from John, seemingly no longer caring about his wand, and pointed her thumb in Sherlock's direction. "Where did he get you from, then? Has he been following you 'round and then pulling you along like a lost dog?"
"Oh my God," John said, pressing his cheek against the wall and bucking forward a few times. The stranger let him, stopping movement and letting John fuck his mouth at his own pace. A tongue ran expertly along the bottom, twisting around and offering John new angles for thrusting as the head that pleasured him turned, just so.
So in the beginning, he was thrown for a loop by Sherlock's absolute silence during their lovemaking.
Sherlock’s head was pressed back into one of the arms of the sofa and John knelt beside him, still not willing to reach out. Instead, he peeled off his gloves and shrugged his coat to the ground before turning and leaning back. After several long moments of listening to Sherlock breathe, John leaned back, letting the crown of his head rest against the boniest part of his partner’s shoulder. Still, Sherlock gave no indication that he was even consciously aware of John’s presence.
When Sherlock had narrowed the results based on danger levels and long-term side effects, John decided it was time to ban experiments altogether.
He thrust faster, the head of his cock sometimes straying just a bit to close to the back of his partner's throat and forcing the slight retreat of the other man. But then fingers--oh, such long fingers--were wrapped around the base, jerking him hastily, lubricated with hot spit, sliding effortlessly. The mouth was still wrapped around the head of him, licking to a point just below the head while the glans was massaged by the stranger's soft palate.
Angelo came back with a bottle of wine, made an unreasonable amount of fuss pouring them each a taste, and then bustled off with their orders. Sherlock wasn’t particularly hungry, but he knew Annabelle would appreciate his leftovers tomorrow at lunchtime. While she wasn’t the most adventurous of eaters, she knew she liked to
“Hamish, remember helping Mrs. Hudson bake? And how you had to wait until the pies were ready to come out of the oven?”
“Looks like you’ve had a productive day,” he says sarcastically, gesturing to the open dressing gown that does nothing to cover my bare chest and thin pajama bottoms. There once was a time when I wouldn’t understand his sarcasm. I’m loath to remember it—that time when we didn’t completely understand each other and had to dance around implications and unclear social cues and bumbling flirtation like two souls lost in the dark.
Sherlock's face was a thin set of apathetic angles. He inclined his head down the hall for John to follow before sweeping off with a sweeping rustle of his dark robes.
Currently, Sherlock knows that John only holds one more Nuisance Coupon of the twenty he’d been issued last Christmas. He even knows that John keeps it tucked away in his wallet. But he isn’t sure if he’s ready to make more of them, especially now that he's seen first-hand the way John hoards them away for “special occasions.”
John maintains eye contact, breathing heavily through his nose as I slowly bring my mouth to the head of his cock and close my lips around it, dipping my tongue into the fold of his foreskin.
Sherlock's tongue was exploring the roof of his mouth, slipping behind the flats of his front teeth when the man stiffened suddenly and nearly dropped John to he floor in his haste to get away.
Those hands raised the goblet to a few inches from his face and he inhaled, breathing in whatever was left of the potion's scent. When Sherlock looked back at him, face crumbling in a way John had never seen before, John worried.
Sherlock let go of the toy. They were close enough that they’d swelled just slightly and John could hold it on his own. He used his free hand to grasp John by the back of his neck and hold him in place. As he lifted one leg to wrap around the John’s, he let his nails dig into the skin under his fingers, just a hint of a plea.
John's wand arm lowered to his side against his will and he found his legs moving stiffly underneath him toward a blank wall on the side of the corridor. But it didn't stay that way--as soon as he came to a halt in front of it, John bore witness to an intricate carving that came over the stone before it fashioned itself into a door which opened for him automatically.
"You keep that shoulder slumped forward, just a bit, as if it pains you to keep it back in line, yet when you are being addressed, you stand at attention, even though it hurts you to after a time. And right now, you know that you could turn that bat wing into a quill with a wave of your wand, so why haven't you yet?"
John seemed to be considering leaving, so Sherlock reached for him and pulled him down onto the bed.
“Good,” John parroted. He leaned back in his seat, releasing Sherlock’s hand to reach for his wine. “Now tell me what experiments you’re working on at the moment. On Tuesday it was something with rat saliva, wasn’t it?”
John swallowed down the itching feeling in his chest, willing it away, confused and not ready to deal with his feelings. He didn't have a choice. His skin felt too hot, too small for his body, and there was a swirling sensation in his head. He wondered if Moriarty was going to make him kill the brilliant man in front of him. The thought gave a terrible twist in his gut. He'd just realized he was in love with the man, he didn't want to have it all taken away from him so swiftly, so unjustly.
“Hang on,” John says, putting one finger against Sherlock’s morning-chapped lips. “I think you may have forgotten to mention a crucial aspect of this conversation. Either that, or I slept through it. Still, slow it down for a minute.”
Sherlock's hand slipped around to the back of John's neck, an almost teasing promise, an obvious desire to be closer, for their lips to be joined, for Sherlock's skilled fingers to tangle in John's short hair and lead the kiss. But the position wasn't forgiving; their mouths couldn't take each other's pleasure when the rest of their bodies so demanded their attention.
There was an awestruck quality in Sherlock’s eyes that briefly made John wonder if he’d done something wrong.
"Who are you?" John panted, suddenly feeling light-headed as the other man's fingers trailed over his hardening cock through his jeans. And then the hands on him were gone--too far, too gone--and the man was stepping in front of John, all long coat and devastating cheekbones and black curls--such dark, lovely, pullable curls--that John instantly wanted to fist his hands in.
But instead, Sherlock’s body was naturally enraged at being held down, simultaneously confused by want of the sensation. He shook off the hold on his arms out of pure instinct, grabbing onto the doctor’s face with both hands and pulling him closer.
John was on his back, half propped up against the arm of the sofa. It wasn't the most comfortable position to maintain while Sherlock was resting all of his weight on his hips and torso, but the dig of the sofa into his back was a small price to pay for the warmth wrapped around him, for the closeness of his lover's slick skin.
“I am, John. I’m here. I fought so hard to be here, John.” The steady repetition of his name on those lips shatters something. The ghost tries to fade away, loosening his grip. John pulls when he knows he should be pushing. “I’m not going anywhere.” That voice. A promise. A lie. John never thought this man would stop lying to him; he’s being proven right. “John, look at me.”
John’s eyes remain closed, but his eyebrows raise in surprise. “Dunno. Harry’s got me by five years. I imagine it’s nice to have someone to blame for mischief in the beginning, then you hate each other, and then eventually you work it out. You’d know--you’ve been through it with Mycroft.”
"Have you got a quill?" Sherlock asked, fingers moving out in front of him as though he were ready to take up a quill and start writing. Both he and his brother seemed to be adept at wandless magic in a way that John had never had a talent for--a roll of parchment unfolded itself in front of the professor without so much as a flick of his wrist.
More than not wanting to be a parent, Sherlock didn’t want to be tied down to an Alpha. He’d never wanted to be anyone’s Omega--he enjoyed his life, and he greatly preferred to live under the radar of other Alphas and Omegas. If he had an Alpha, he wouldn’t be able to take the suppressants he relied on to keep his cycle in check. An Alpha would expect regular mating and all that other business that went along with a bond. An Alpha would expect him to stay home, bored and pregnant, popping out children every nine months the way the government wanted him to.
Their bodies only came apart when John softened enough to slip out effortlessly, and though they knew they'd have to get up, shower, and return to the regular world soon, for the moment they were content to be, content to breathe.
This time, John found them wrapped in toilet tissue and tossed in with the kitchen rubbish rather than out in the mostly-empty bin in the bathroom. He only noticed them because he dumped a bit of liquid into the bin and the tissue practically melted around the plastic test.
"Sherlock Holmes," the man said, not offering him a hand, but instead leaning forward to press his lips to John's and
," John cried, head falling forward against the wall. That was an arse, a man's arse bearing back against him, drawing him in inch by inch and
could be right around the corner, inching closer. It was a heady knowledge--that of all the people in the world, the person on the other side of those mysterious numbers was meant solely for him.
Sherlock unbuttoned his trousers teasingly, undoing the zip at a snail’s speed, shimmying his hips almost imperceptibly, and John would’ve accused him of planning it all if the whole day hadn’t been so unpredictable.
“It’s okay, you don’t have to tell me yet. I just...” John trailed off, withdrawing his hand to run it through his sand-and-silver hair. He wetted his lips, and Sherlock had learned to differentiate between nervous lip licking and the kind he exhibited in the early stages of arousal. This was the former. There was a long moment of contemplation that wrote itself on John’s face before he came out with it: “I feel like I should tell you that, well, I... also have a child.”
He didn't focus on that, though. He couldn't focus on anything. Not when John's clothed body was pressed up against him lengthwise, not when John's mouth was doing wicked things to him and preparing to venture downwards. It didn't matter that Sherlock was the one receiving all the pleasure. John was the one who was in control.
"It was just the one," Sherlock said as they started down the barely visible path. Still, he drew out his wand to light their way and stayed just a step behind John. The Healer wondered if it was so he couldn't see the smile on the taller man's face, but he didn't turn around to spy.
"I'd dropped my wand, I didn't have much of a choice." Sherlock, for his part, wasn't complaining about the stinging sensation the Healer knew he was experiencing. There had been a lot of blood after the fall, and John didn't think he'd ever felt his heart stop the way it stuttered to a halt when he watched his genius friend dive after a criminal off a building.
Spreading his knees a bit for better leverage was not meant as an invitation, but John took it as one, crowding in closer and thrusting just a bit harder, out of their slowly setting rhythm. The hand on Sherlock’s shoulder pressed him backwards, the mouth against his own was more forceful. This was not how it was supposed to go, but go he did.
It’s slower now, possibly because John’s taken over and decided he wants it to last. Sherlock can always tell what he’s thinking about based on how he’s moving--and right now he’s trying not to remember how they used to be able to do this all over the flat. Over the couch, the kitchen table, the desk, the bloody television set.... And then suddenly they’re both remembering the fact that their son, who is currently downstairs with their landlady, was probably conceived on the steps to what is now his bedroom.
He'd always gotten a drunken feeling from their soft moans as they moved toward cries of ecstasy; he'd loved how he could take the most conservatively-tongued woman and have her fisting hands in his hair and shouting curses to the gods.
The entire place was creaking and John wondered how far behind the pair of them he was. Five minutes? Ten? He hadn't been rushing because he assumed Sherlock had control over the situation, but how much control had been real and how much of an upper hand could the mysterious man have gained? Surely Sherlock's collapse had been a ruse to gain the attention of--
The fingers in his hair tightened and held him closer. Those hips began to gyrate against him, slowly, agonizingly so. Sherlock decided to test the waters by opening his mouth to the concealed flesh, mouthing at it and breathing humidly against it. He was rewarded by a sharp tug to his hair, angling his head back so that the clothed cock could be rubbed against his mouth until his lips were red and begging for it.
“Oh!” Mrs. Hudson clutched the back of the chair she was standing by for a moment, looking back into the sitting room at where Annabelle was flipping over the maze to clear it and start again. “Oh, that sweet dear. But I thought her Alpha was dead?”
John knew they’d be a sweaty mess of limbs when they woke up; Sherlock was a veritable human space heater. It would be worth it, though, for the even-breathing calm that settled over them just before sleep.
“That’s absurd.” John directed it more at the manager and receptionist than at Sherlock, since of course Sherlock was always right. But. “A prostitute?
"I have to get ready for work," he said, gently dropping a hand atop Sherlock's silk-clad shoulder and squeezing. "I'm not saying this conversation is over, but I really am going to need to think about this on my own a bit."
“Please, John, don’t give me that rubbish. You’re a twin. Tell me your parents loved you and Harry equally.”
Which brought him to his third worry: Sherlock Holmes. After killing a man to save his new friend after meeting him only hours before, John had been certain his life was about to become a whirlwind of crime fighting that he had never actually signed on for.
John’s face has always been expressive. The openness of his face is one of the things that drew Sherlock to him in the first place. He’s readable. But when he’s especially happy about something he’s concocted in his head--particularly in relation to family activities--there’s a special set of lines in his cheeks that crease with the smile. Those very lines, Sherlock thinks, are only reserved for himself and their son. And he sees them now. He wouldn't dare decline.
Sherlock’s eyes rolled back as John held his arms against the pillows next to his head. John leaned forward with all intentions of biting away every button on Sherlock’s infuriatingly tight burgundy shirt, but he was distracted by the neck being presented to him. He was always distracted by that neck, but now....
“Where do they suppose I picked you up looking like that?” John joked, feeling the absurdity of the situation settle in.
"But, oops!" the other man cried with a sudden jerk forward. "You've rather shown your hand there, Healer Watson."
But after that night when John had gone to painstaking extremes (lovely, worth-every-second-of-the-effort extremes) to prove to Sherlock that he was desirable and gorgeous and
John rubbed his face with one hand and adjusted his clothes, ready to duck out of the shop with his head down and his hands in his pockets. No one would know what he'd just done, outside the obvious wank.
I stop for a moment and catalogue everything about the way he looks—the peachy-rose glow of his cheeks that spreads down his neck and below his shirt collar, how his eyes roam over my naked body with both pride and possessiveness behind them, and the jut of his full cock from the zip of his trousers, hot, red, and leaking.
Which brought John to a decision: did he leave Sherlock alone and assume he had control over the situation or did he barge in and risk making things worse?
John Watson was going to pay for every time he’d ever chatted up someone’s daughter with dishonorable intentions. He was going to have teenage girls.
John breathed heavily through his nose, trying to keep from crying out whenever Sherlock's body clenched around him forcefully enough to make him see stars. It was fully intentional, and he knew it, but the detective had always been good at setting a pace that would keep John
“Close enough.” He let go of the magnifying lens and watched her run off back to the bright flowers that had caught her interest, clutching the lens in both hands. She was barely two meters away, but her little feet pattered across the path as if she was running a great distance. He stood straight, brushing off invisible detritus out of habit, and admired the halo of golden ringlets that bounced with every step she took.
He nodded against his body’s better judgement and Sherlock started to move the jumper up further up, until finally John had to lift his shoulders so that the jumper and his undershirt could be tossed aside. The wool hadn’t even hit the floor before John turned Sherlock onto his back and bore down against him, thrusting his hips a few times for good measure. He was taking back control.
He’d been set to walk through the doors--listening to the shouting from inside about the drug overdose of a 23-year-old--when he was stopped by one of the A&E nurses.
It seems to be a continuation of a conversation Sherlock isn’t sure he was initially part of, but he somehow manages to get it all together quickly enough. There are only a handful of things that John could be referencing in relation to Mycroft, and just a single one of these involves difficult-to-acquire tickets.
"Who said anything about the floor?" John asked, noting the shiver that ran through the taller man with the realization. There were surely going to be arguments any moment now about proper conception positions and semen retention and Sherlock's need to get his goddamned smoothie finished, but John didn't give him the chance.
He watched the midnight-blue-black of Sherlock's robes swirl behind him as he hurried away. He wondered if is own flared about as dramatically. And then he wondered:
John tried to scoot back, just a bit, to give himself a better laying position, but Sherlock set his hands on his shoulders, holding him down firmly, right thumb tracing over the starburst scar on John's left shoulder. The sweat-damp skin tingled under the touch, wishing the ghosting thumb was the pair of lips that now parted for air as Sherlock's eyes delved into his own.
After another morbid goodbye from Mrs. Henricks ("If I'm even still alive in the morning," said the woman with nothing more ailing her than a broken hip), John collected his things and started home.
He moaned quietly and his hips rutted against the bedclothes, seeking the body of the man upstairs who was likely in a similar state. His cock was leaking now, knot throbbing at the base. Every inch of his body was ready to claim the other alpha, as impossible as the desire was.
He groans again, hands gripping at my bare arse and roaming up my back, seeming unsure of where they most want to be, which patch of naked skin they most want to caress. I gift him a little wiggle of my hips before sliding up and down one more time, just barely keeping the head of him inside me. And then he pulls me up, only slowing down to carefully disengage, distracting me with a kiss as he brings us both to standing. And then, with a restrained show of force, he guides me back onto the couch, on my knees facing away from him.
Perhaps it was realistic to think so in a house of such a size, but that was only if they actively avoided each other. John had no intention of doing such a thing, especially when he was here to figure out what was going on with Moriarty--what had gone on with him--and to help Sherlock develop a strategy for defeating the madman.
And that was when John dared to look down and meet the clear eyes that were gazing up at him, holding contact as Sherlock slid his mouth all the way up, letting the head rest on his tongue for a moment before taking him right back down.
John sipped his coffee, knowing he should shower and head to the surgery. He blew out a long sigh through his lips before standing and walking around the table.
Once he was settled again, waiting impatiently for another touch, another clue, he felt the slippery, warm pressure of a lubricated finger between his arse cheeks. John's middle finger, same as last time, only this time he was sure of his dreamer, certain of that careful finger as it teased at his puckered entrance. When the tip of his finger stopped just short of penetration, Sherlock pressed back, causing a slight breach of his body.
“I never want you to feel like you can’t tell me something.” John pulled his hand away and cupped Sherlock’s face in his hand, happy to feel the warming skin in his palm; satisfied with the way the younger man’s cheeks were regaining their color. “If we can’t communicate, we’re rubbish, Sherlock. I need you to understand that.”
John nodded. “Years ago. And I have no way of knowing when, beyond that it was after I got shot. And they won’t tell me, because they have to protect the Omega’s--and the child’s, I guess--confidentiality. Medical records, all that.”
“John, I need you to--” Another breath. He seemed to be fighting with himself. John appreciated the effort, but he didn’t understand how this reaction was so warranted quite so soon. “God, John, I’m sorry.” Sherlock’s hands slipped from their vise grip on his hips to clench in the sheets and John expected to feel the tell-tale pulsing inside, but there was nothing, just Sherlock, laying with his eyes squeezed shut, fingers flexing almost confusedly in the bedclothes.
John's eyes scanned over the article. Third apparent suicide, potion taken in the dead wizard's bedroom, no suicide note. It was strange that they were all similar, but he didn't see how someone could kill three people without any struggle. The article explicitly stated that there were no signs of an Unforgivable; no cause for concern.
“It varies by person, honestly,” John said, taking a step forward. “There are going to be more as time goes on, likely darker and deeper, but there are remedies we could try.” He found one of the mentioned stretch marks on the right underside of the baby bump and ran a finger along it, slowly and carefully so as not to make Sherlock uncomfortable.
John let out a long sigh through slightly-parted lips and withdrew his hand, holding the base of the toy with both hands as though to keep them to himself. “We have to be very careful about this, Sherlock. We could hurt each other--God, look at what happened last time--”
"I understand, but why not just... I don't know, tell him how serious this is?" Even as he said it, John wanted to laugh at himself. Sherlock never took anything more seriously than he had to, and he certainly wasn't going to cooperate with the Ministry just because they
"You carry your neck and shoulders like a Hufflepuff," the other man said, his tone even and not insulting the way some tended to be when speaking about the Badgers. He had clasped his hands behind his back and was eyeing John the way a curious puppy might observe a new sound. "Your face is also expressive, but guarded. Too much so to be a Gryffindor, and you don't have the eyes of a Ravenclaw." John hadn't known they all had particular looks, but he didn't quip. "Of course, your biggest tell was the state of your knees."
“So we are going to go to bed now,” John said. “And I’m going to show you exactly why you can be your gorgeous, confident, closetly-vain self while simultaneously carrying a set of Watson twins. Sound agreeable, Mr. Holmes?”
“You occupy yourself with that puzzle for a few minutes, little one. I’m going to get your father a cuppa.”
“You don’t have to talk about it, Sherlock.” His hand hovered hesitantly before resting on Sherlock’s lower back above the blankets. “You can calm down and drink tea and talk about it when you’re ready. Or never. Whatever is best for
"Do you really want Anderson suggesting baby names before we’re completely used to this idea ourselves?" John asked. He plopped the magazine back onto the circular table in the center of the room and leaned back in his chair, tapping his foot all the while.
He let out a sharp breath through his nose, clamping his mouth shut when John's lips closed completely around him, just below the ridge of his head. The doctor began to slowly lower himself, until--and Sherlock imagined that such a maneuver was only possible in dreams--his nose was pressed into the thatch of dark hair at the base.
When she turned the corner a few moments later, the little boy turned and caught Sherlock's eye. The consulting detective sat down on the steps to 221B and waited for his landlady to wake.
to bed someone like Sherlock? He was Three Continents Watson. If anyone was going to be a high-end male prostitute it would certainly be--
John was surprised he didn't hear from Sherlock for the rest of the day. He actually got a mite concerned around ten when there was nothing from the eccentric professor, but he decided that it was possible Sherlock had taken a much needed break from his case. Perhaps the man would actually sleep; John wasn't sure when the last time Sherlock had closed his eyes for more than a blink was.
Sherlock nodded, then reached for the teddy. The least he could do was take it inside so John wouldn’t be wandering the streets with a pastel bright bear the size of a small dog. “I’m sure you don’t want to wander through Regent’s Park with that all afternoon, so why don’t I take it inside? I’ll give it to Mrs. Hudson to hold until you come back.”
As soon as his feet touched the ground, he was back to normal, bending fluidly to fetch his phone from his trouser pocket. He lit the screen, typed in his code--
Sherlock didn't move. He knew he hadn't gotten it wrong because John hadn't thrown him out yet, hadn't moved to untie him.
John's eyes focused, trying to make out the figures in the dim lighting, trying to force his mind to turn the hazy, drunken images it perceived into sharp, actual human beings. If he reached out to touch it, it was possible that he would break through it and that wouldn't be good for either him or Sherlock, if this man was dangerous--which was more and more likely as time went on.
“I want you to fuck me like this.” I run my free hand down the side of his clothed hip, hoping the message is clear.
Now that the initial burning urgency of early heat had come down to a low simmer, Sherlock found he quite enjoyed savoring the feeling of John inside him. The man was different now than he was outside of heat--there was a possessiveness in every touch that Sherlock wanted to bottle and save for later. John’s fingers were on his hips, not squeezing, not even guiding him, just a present reminder that John was with him. Not to mention the thickening knot at the base of his cock, the sole difference between Alpha and Beta men. As Sherlock gave a twist of his hips, he felt it push impossibly deeper, preparing to bind them together for an indeterminate amount of time. The sole purpose of the knot was to ensure conception--but of course their mutual use of contraceptive pills nullified that risk.
With a sigh, John passed the plate back. One bite for Sherlock, one bite for Shiloh, and one bite for January.
he could angle their bodies to get that cock inside him. The slow-burning pleasure building up was becoming more of an itchy heat--amplified only by the anticipation of finally knowing what it was like to
Their teeth clashed with a pain so bright Sherlock was certain he could see the throbbing behind his eyes. For long moments, he could focus little on anything other than John’s teeth worrying his lower lip, trailing down to nibble at his jaw line with teasing nips. It would be so easy to accept this new pleasure if his body would cooperate. But no.
John rapped his knuckles against the uneven wood of the classroom door. It pulled itself open a moment later, but there was no one on the other side to greet him.
I oblige him, pressing a third finger in as my arse drops down, fucking myself on my long (but still inadequate) fingers. My cock hangs between my legs, neglected, throbbing, begging for friction, occasionally brushing the wood of the table. I briefly wonder if the clear-headed John of tomorrow will chastise me at breakfast for getting pre-come on his side of the table.
