It’s been two years. Two years since Tony last saw Steve and the last time he saw him he just had lost a fight too.
The room is quiet and it is spinning and through his confusion, still holding on to Steve’s hand Tony says, “You take this and you find him. You put that on and then you hide…”
“It’s not so much that we were missing Tony,” Natasha tells him after one of the sparring sessions they’ve been recently scheduling just between the two of them. “Although I do think we’re better now that we have him back.”
(When Steve had woken up from the ice he found out Peggy had ended up with a man named Daniel Sousa, and every time Steve thinks about it he hopes the man knew how fortunate he was. He can’t help but wonder what Tony would have thought about Steve’s clumsy attempts at romance. Would Tony have given him pointers for the future? Would he have helped Steve be half the partner Pepper remembers Tony to be? Steve believes he would have had much to learn from Tony, in this aspect and others.)
And as terrifying and uncomfortable as it is to think about it, Nebula has also become somewhat of an expert at reading Tony. She knows when to push him to keep trying to find a solution to their problems and she knows when to let him go to that dark place in his mind where all hope is lost.
With his somewhat abrupt enquire Steve is showing everything he’s learnt from Tony in the past few weeks: his tells and his quirks, his excuses and his lies, his silences and his buttons. Steve isn’t backing down, but it’s not like it was between them before, where neither of them would let go of an issue because of stubbornness and pride. Steve is pushing and prodding not for himself but for Tony, for Tony’s own sake.
He closes his eyes, matches his breathing to Steve’s and lets sleep take him.
In a few short steps Clint moves so he’s standing over Tony, who’s still sitting on the couch, his back straight and his head looking up at the other man. The position is very much threatening and although Tony’s not necessarily afraid or intimated he still shallows harshly.
“Remember what you said to me before space?” she asks. “About that dream you had, the baby with my uncle’s name?”
was heard. Steve’s eyes opened dramatically and he could hear Bucky whispering “Oh fuck”.
She jogs towards him, making it look so graceful even in her very tall heels.
He crosses paths with Pepper in the foyer. She's about to exit the building just as he’s walking inside and she changes her trajectory to reach him.
“I thought maybe this was our time,” Natasha begins explaining. “We’ve been dancing around this issue for so long and I thought maybe now was it. But Bruce thinks differently.”
“Everything okay there?” Tony’s voice yells from the living room sounding concerned.
Steve chuckles lightly, a puff of air leaving his nostrils.
It’s eleven thirty and last night’s pizza boxes are still in the kitchen, waiting to be picked up and thrown out by either the cleaning staff of the Compound or Steve, whoever gets to them first. Fortunately, some of them had the clarity of mind to load the dishwasher with every used plate, glass and piece of cutlery as they used them last night, so Tony doesn’t encounter a sink full of dirty dishes like these kind of gatherings have prompted before.
Every day for weeks he barely makes it to his bed before falling into the deepest sleep his body can muster. The few times he’s had to stay nights in California or New York City things are more complicated for him. He sleeps fitfully and intermittently, missing his bed, missing his pillows, missing the familiar smells and sounds of his home.
That must have been what drew her to come to Tony’s workshop this morning.
Clint doesn't stop by the living room when he exists Thor’s room, and FRIDAY informs them all that he’s made it back to his own room and has asked not to be disturbed.
Natasha stands up and walks closer to Steve, stopping when she’s positioned right in front of him.
“I want you to have the best birthday,” Steve declares. “I don’t want you to have to do something you’re not feeling up to.”
“Yeah, but I’m not interested in going on a double date with either of you, so.” Natasha shrugged and Clint laughed.
When he went off to MIT his money meant he could afford eating out every day, whether at the cafeteria or any restaurant around campus he so pleased. It’s not even like he went out that much anyway, more into ordering pizza and any kind of take out, or demanding that Rhodey bring him snacks throughout the day, which Rhodey always did, albeit begrudgingly at times.
“I’ll take my rematch tomorrow,” says Tony and this brings Nebula’s frown back.
He doesn't go to anyone’s door, he doesn’t walk into anyone’s room, he doesn't check on anyone. Not even Steve.
He spends the day with Natasha, Bruce and Steve and while it’s not a good day they do somehow make it better.
The room grows colder at the comment and Clint’s whole body deflates at the slight.
It occurred again a couple months later for Natasha’s birthday during the fall when Natasha had spent the whole day out of the Compound, only arriving as Steve, Tony and Bruce had been finishing dinner. Her face had very clearly begged them not to say anything about it so they hadn’t and the day had been left unacknowledged.
“There are a lot of things I regret doing and a lot of things I regret not doing. I guess the idea of never having the opportunity to make amends is what’s so difficult to accept. And today I kept thinking how millions of people won’t have the opportunity to do so many things too, either because they’re gone or because someone important to them is. My grief blinded me, and I just thought maybe I could make people feel better so they wouldn't have to feel like I did. But I fucked up.”
who we are, at least in specific moments.
Only Rhodey and Natasha are actually involved in the process and they’re the only ones included in the discussions and allowed in the meetings. Apart from Clint himself, of course.
He stops on the threshold to the hallway and before he leaves he turns his upper body back towards the group.
“Tony…” Steve murmurs, suddenly struck with a realization.
Steve has been told not once, not twice, maybe more than a hundred times, how good of a leader he is. He’s never told anyone before but this is a quality he knows he grew into, not one he was born with.
Natasha was Steve’s rock but not really his co-leader in the way Tony had been. Natasha had been a way more emotional support for Steve that Tony had ever been back then but she hadn’t stepped up to be a managing entity of the Avengers until the Accords needed her to be.
“Sir, your pizzas are here.”
Steve, Natasha and Tony haven't talked about it since then but their conversations have had a tint of stillness and their silences are constantly shadowed by worry. They all feel both hopeful and hopeless and they can only guess what Bruce is going through, on his own, halfway across the world, trying all by himself to bring Thor, or at least a piece of him, back to them.
that Natasha had been trying to set him up with for the past three months?
Tony pulls his mouth away from Steve’s, the need to breathe making it impossible to keep their lips pressed together for one more second.
“What?” he asks, confused.
makes him a terrible person- but the idea of having to face her pain is hard, so hard it makes him almost wish he was back in space where he could still imagine her happy, if not in the present then in some hazy future where the hard things had already passed.
Tony’s leaving his room one morning when he sees Thor laid down on the couch. His feet are hanging comically from it, the length and width of it obviously too short and small for Thor’s long and big body.
Rhodey looks up from his tablet at the same time that Tony opens his eyes from where he’d been trying to catch another nap and ward away the headache that is building from his forehead to the back of his neck.
“That sounds great, Bruce. That sounds really great,” Tony pronounces.
And there she is. Whole. Alive.
Steve watches as Pepper swallows harshly and takes a deep breathe before she speaks. There’s a slight tremble in her hands that Steve mostly notices because of how it makes the fork in her hand clink against the plate.
But that’s not what catches Steve’s attention.
Everything is dark and quiet and Tony gets an uncomfortable chill down his spine roaming the halls of the building, or sitting at the kitchen table to have a quick snack, or looking out the window as the sun sets behind the trees in the horizon.
Tony sinks back down onto the couch and Steve’s hand moves away from his body, leaving them not touching once again.
From his bedroom, and with the door firmly shut, Tony can’t make out the words being said by the other Avengers but Natasha’s voice is unmistakably the loudest. It’s followed by Steve’s. Rhodey’s gruff comments are scarce. The only way Tony knows Bruce has made it back with them is because the feed from the security cameras outside caught the four of them walking in.
It’s Steve.
“So you and Tony, huh?”
It’s getting to show Tony his favorite things from his own era without feeling like he wants to rip his heart out of his chest.)
_______________________________
Tony finds it amusing but if there’s one thing he has learnt from his time aboard the ship this past twenty-something days is that laughing at Nebula for whatever reason would be a terrible idea.
“Let’s not lose each other, okay?” Tony proposes and this makes Pepper laugh even as she sniffs and her eyes look unmistakably watery now that Tony’s own eyes have adjusted to the dark.
“Some people aren’t calling them incidents, they’re calling them massacres,” Rhodey reminds her.
“And then before we knew it we were fighting each other in a fucking airport,” Tony notes. “Yeah, not a good emotional shake up for anyone.”
She’s not interrupting anything, really, as Tony and Rhodey are not going any real work that is time-sensitive or crucial.
“Well, fuck you too, Steven,” Tony barks.
“Can I say something about this?” Steve says, asking for permission.
Tony’s very unsubtle way at distancing himself from Steve. Tony’s very obvious attempt at pushing him away.
He waits but Steve stays silent.
_______________________________
Steve’s confused about the incomplete question.
Natasha nods, her eyes still firmly holding his, and she moves forwards further to kiss the cheek she had previously brushed with her fingers.
He’s seen him furious, and apathetic, and comfortable, and confused, sometimes even playful and teasing in the rare times when the old team would get together and spend some downtime in each other’s company that had nothing to do with saving the world or protecting it.
, Tony tells himself. Not too fast, not too slow.
though. So cold and then so hot. Or a least that’s how he feels it.
It’s there, Tony can still feel it.
“What is the rush?” he asked, and left the mug in the kitchen sink to clean it up later.
“You told Steve you weren’t glad you were alive. Is that true?”
“You guys went after Thanos?,” Tony whispers. “Without me?”
one of Steve’s own ones. Tony has been holding his breath during those past 10 minutes but Steve has made no sign of noticing.
Tony’s solid and real under his arms but he’s also standing stiff as a board, his arms hanging by his sides until he brings the right one up to pat Steve on the back four times in a very slow manner.
From this position Tony can’t see Steve, but he can feel how Steve shakes his head vehemently, his grip on Tony tightening and then softening a second later.
He feels hot and clammy as if his whole body was submerged in lava. He tries to take off his jacket but his limbs won’t cooperate. They move too slowly, too clumsily, his commands foreign to his every nerve and muscle.
Temperature in Afghanistan was always dramatic. During the day it was scorching, even when he wasn’t directly exposed to the sun. It was so blazing that Tony feared his skin would break out in blisters and burns. But at night the cave always got so cold that Tony could barely sleep because of the shivers that raked his body.
_______________________________
“Oh” Tony murmurs in understanding. “Well, yeah.”
“Uh huh,” Rhodey sounds out. “Totally normal.”
Tony’s so very glad Steve knows it too.
“Where’s Bruce?” Thor demands.
“But you’ve been avoiding me,” Tony says and this is an statement so sure of itself that Steve knows he can’t deny it any longer.
Steve thanks her and walks away, already thinking of his work ahead.
Steve’s hesitant to approach them at first but he feels the duty deep in his bones so he steps forward until he finds himself right in front of both of them. There’s a few people around that are obviously also interested in giving them their condolences so Steve wants to make sure he can keep things short.
“He would have loved seeing you with the bots,” Pepper interrupts Rhodey. “He loved it when people treated them like humans too.”
“There’s no need for all that,” Steve says. “I just… I needed some time but I’ll call Pepper and Rhodey soon to let them know they don’t have to worry.”
“You never annoy me, I love it when you come to the shop even if I am sometimes too distracted to tell you.” Tony promises. “And I missed you too.” This time it’s Steve’s turn to blush. “I promise that I won’t spend another night away from you in at least a week. Deal?”
You show up, you give it your all, you sweat and bleed and bruise, you hit and get hit, you punch and get punched, you try to look for a way out and, when the plan fails, you re-write the strategy.
“It’s good to see you, Tones,” Rhodey says. “You look well.”
“Tony.”
It only took Tony three steps to place himself in front of Steve. Now that they were so close Steve noticed that Tony was shorter than him, shorter enough that his face would fit perfectly in the crook of Steve’s neck if they were to hug.
He takes a deep breath and then lets it out slowly but soundly, shaking his head.
“Did you read what Pepper’s text says?”
“Steve,” Tony whispers, feeling a little dumbstruck. “You wouldn’t have made things worse, I promise.”
Her voice is small when she says, “Oh, yesterday marked 6 months of…”
His walking away from the Compound and joining his people in the little town in Norway they’ve started making as their own should have brought him a little peace. As it seems Thor has been doing worse than ever and by Valkyrie’s estimates he’s only getting worse.
But, even if they ended with Maria ruffling his hair and kissing him goodnight, those were the bad days for Tony.
Steve nods at him and grabs the hand he had let go of only a minute before. He bends his arms, resting his elbows on the table, so he can bring Tony’s hands closer to his face. He drops two fluttery kisses on Tony’s hands, right by his knuckles. He rests his chin on them and gives Tony a faint smile.
When Tony turns to look at Bruce it hurts him to see the man look so dumbstruck. It’s looks as if someone had punched him in the stomach and he had been forced to exhale all air inside his lungs and then forgotten to breathe again.
Rhodey purses his lips and then curls the left corner of his lips. “Yeah, I know what you mean.”
“Nat,” Tony says, pulling Natasha’s attention towards himself. “What is the favor? What do you want us to do?”
“This has been building up for months,” Tony clarifies. “It hasn’t been like other times when the fights have gotten to be too much and we break up because we’re both fuming and desperate to not see each other. This time it was… Exhausting. We were speaking but we weren’t actually talking. We were engaged but we weren't actually planning the wedding. We were in this weird limbo. To be or not to be, that’s the question.”
Steve hasn’t known them for long but the kind of devotion he can see in their expressions is humbling. Tony Stark inspired that and Steve thinks that says something -maybe everything- about the kind of man he was.
Sleep is a forceful thing that overtakes him and brings him closer to thoughts and emotions he’s been trying really hard to keep under wraps during every waking minute of his day.
And alas why they had been finding more and more Disney movies to play, even if they could hardly ever agree and they always spent at least 10 minutes trying to convince the other their choice was the legitimate one until they gave up and finally settled things by a game of rock, paper scissors of which Tony was 99% of times always the loser.
How dare him? How dare Steve ask him that?
It’s a plea and a prayer. A promise and a question.
It’s spending time away and knowing they’ll make it back to each other.
Tony’s body instantly relaxes at Steve’s touch and he lets himself fall backwards slightly so his back is to Steve’s chest. Steve knows Tony loves this position, the feeling of being completely surrounded by Steve, warm and safe and loved.
“Yeah!” Bucky’s voice sounded excited, almost childlike. Steve smiled as he put on the sweater and grabbed his black gloves from the bed side table. “You and I, Stevie, we’re gonna kick Natasha’s and Wilson’s asses.”
The same
Tony watches her and she’s standing there, in front of the holo-screens, all of them showing dozens of pictures from people now gone, and he sees in her everything he would have only been able to imagine once upon a time: her tiredness, her weariness, her pain.
It’s on his mind when he wakes up and eats breakfast alone in his workshop. He thinks of waking up next to Steve, not because they accidentally fell asleep after watching a film, or because they needed comfort and the presence of another person by their side. He thinks of waking up next to Steve every day, as a routine, as one more aspect of his life.
Steve finally turns back to him, although only with his head. His body is still facing forwards, creating an invisible barrier between him and Tony.
Her hand moves towards his again but before she can touch him her face sets in a grimace, only for a fraction of a second, and her hand freezes, halfway between him and nothing.
“I know you. I know you better than anyone in the world,” Steve says as he’s walking.
At the same time Rhodey echoes, “Sap” and the coincidence makes both him and Tony chuckle.
The feeling completely dissipates when Steve makes it back and they go back together to the workshop, this time sharing a few cartons of take out Steve picked up from the city for dinner. The atmosphere is more relaxed, slightly more painless.
He made a promise to her and he couldn’t keep it and the fate of the world was on the line but… This is not the first time, not the second, not even the
Natasha clears her throat and the slight trace of the smile that was on her face before disappears.
Tony was lightly bouncing on his feet and the subtle gesture denoted his own nerves too, which somehow relaxed Steve a little.  Maybe he wasn’t the only one feeling butterflies in his stomach.
A light. But he’s awake. He feels awake. He feels awake and he’s sat in one of the seats in the cockpit but he was laid down on the floor and asleep. He was asleep.
Ronin, is what they’re calling him.
“That doesn’t mean I don’t spend hours and hours everyday thinking of what we could have done differently. What if I had listened to you? What if we had all fought together? What if Carol had been there with us? What if… Just so many what ifs.”
Steve’s eyes roam and start searching for something, some kind of answer or explanation, on Tony’s face.
His body grows heavier with each bite of the curry chicken he eats. More and more often lately Tony finds himself needing a midday nap to recharge and the slowness of his movements now tells him today he will need one as well.
But the one small thing that Tony keeps close to his heart in a way that no other little thing can compare to is actually a bigger thing than he has words for.
“Yes, we are!” Sam shouted from above them. He released a snowball that landed right on top of Bucky’s head and cackled manically. He ran before the other two men even had time to react and by the time Bucky retaliated with a thrown of his own Sam was far enough from them that the ball barely even grazed him.
Steve’s head shoots up and his expression shifts into one of surprise, his eyebrows raising.
It’s only Thursday but Steve truly believes this has been one of the longest weeks of his entire life. The Avengers have had to fight three different super-villians in the last four days, Steve’s had to save three people from getting run over by cars during his morning runs and Sam and Bucky have been engaged in the most petty prank war in all of the history of man-kind and Steve’s been stuck in the middle of it, fearful of their combined powers turning against him at any moment.
Steve doesn’t move an inch even as a few seconds pass. He crosses his arms and stands with his feet at hip distance, still positioned right in front of the sofa, now obstructing Tony’s view of the TV. Tony has to actually bend his neck back to be able to look him in the eye properly. Steve’s lips are pressed tightly together and his eyebrows are set in a deep frown. He looks mad, coiled tight with frustration and anger from his jaw and his shoulders to the way his feet are planted.
And for a second Tony hates him strongly and passionately for it.
(It starts with Star Wars and then Star Trek follows. Pepper makes him a list of most of Tony’s favorite bands and Steve is both fascinated and a little scared of the music he listens to from it.  She even shares some of Tony’s scientific and engineering papers and achievements with Steve and everything blows his mind and astounds him. It’s eye opening and revealing and enthralling. And although it makes him feel a little guilty, for the first time he feels a bout of excitement to be able to experience all these things in this time.)
The Avengers have their second mission two and a half months after the Battle of New York. It’s nothing near as big as that fight had been but it’s important enough that the five of them need to step out of the Tower together to deal with it.
Steve is just siting on the couch that he had installed in Tony’s workshop before he came back, the one that he used to sit on when he came down just to hang out with the bots. The couch that he now uses every time he wants to keep Tony company while he works, even if Tony rarely leaves his creative trance to acknowledge Steve’s presence.
(Maybe it’s love, a little bit. Maybe it’s just easier to pretend it’s not.)
The tale involves magic, alien races, quantum physics, space travel and dimension hopping. At least from what Steve can understand of it. Bruce is the one who seems more fascinated out of all of them by Tony’s narrations and he asks Tony a handful of questions that have Tony vigorously gesticulating and make his face light up.
Yes. No.
“I had a nightmare. Or a dream, I’m not really sure what it was,” Steve says, his eyes focused on the liquid of his cup. “It was about last night. Everyone was there. And I mean everyone.”
“Steve.”
The most mundane and trivial things become exciting and life-changing when you’re in love, and this is something Steve has learnt in the past three years thanks to his relationship with Tony.
Tony feels tears well up in his eyes. For some reason everything is starting to feel more and more real by the second. He wasn’t lying when he said he knew already how Steve feel about him but hearing him say it changes something irrevocably. There is knowing and then there is
“Morning.” He announces, voice rough and feet slightly dragging.
He’s afraid. Not of Steve, he’s never been truly afraid of Steve -at least not for longer than a second- but of what this conversation, if they are to have one, will do to him.
Steve’s surprised when he doesn't have to try to approach Tony again and it’s Tony who comes asking for his company. He wouldn't have thought Tony would be interested in getting a repeat performance of their failed time and he actually thought he’d have to convince Tony to give their friendship a try again.
And then, Steve had sought him out at what had probably been one of the lowest points in his life, if not the lowest. He had gone to Tony and he had put his very soul in Tony’s hands and he had stripped himself bare, had laid down his armor and just cried, cried enough for both of them while clinging to Tony.
Steve’s voice cuts through the air once again and Tony forgets about talking raccoons and possible brain damage due to oxygen deprivation and tries to focus his attention on Steve without having to look at him, trying not to make it too obvious.
Steve looks earnest and in the early morning light the compliment hits Tony a little more intensely than it normally would. Knowing Steve felt comforted by his mere presence -even when he wasn’t actively working to help- is an honor Tony never knew would be this great to hold.
They don’t say anything else after. They drink their second servings of coffee in companionable silence and breathe in tandem after a few minutes of their bodies so close to each other.
Steve sits in front of Tony at the table and he accepts the sugar container to add three spoonfuls of it to his coffee. He begins slowly stirring it, his eyes focused on the circular movements of the spoon he holds.
“Hey,” Tony replies back and he gathers some of the things spread out around him to make some room for Bruce to sit.
Yes. No.
And, thankfully, he knows he’s also helping them back.
Sleep takes him into its arms gladly, but Tony doesn't find the comfort of rest in its body. Instead, Tony’s dreams are filled with faceless entities that chase him and chase him and chase him to the ends of the Earth. The locations twist and turn around Tony and they all look familiar: first it’s the ruins of Sokovia, then it’s the boarding school he attended when he was a child and lastly it’s New York City in the midst of an alien attack.
“This is not a commitment you can’t handle, Steve. It’s just what you’re owed,” Tony insists as he keeps watching Steve’s struggle and resolution.
“No, no,” he denies. “It won’t be a problem. I just needed you to know.”
When he’s done changing Tony gets under the covers, laying on his back, his head already resting on his pillow. His eyes focus on the white ceiling above him and his ears pick up the different sounds coming from the bathroom, water running, Pepper’s bare feet on the tiled floor, the toilet flushing.
Things click so easily nowadays between Pepper, Rhodey, Tony and Steve that thinking about their first lunch together and the way things were so out of sync feels almost like thinking of another life.
He’s at the bottom of the ocean.
“Hi, Tony. It’s great to see you too,” she greets back, a little sarcastically and a lot sweet.
“I think it’s brave to admit that something isn’t working and it’s definitely brave to make a change about it,” Steve explains. “You’re not gonna lose Pepper, I know you won’t. You guys are too important to the other to let that happen. But you’re right, you both deserve better than this halfway thing you were stuck in.”
After a couple minutes, when the sound of the shower can finally be heard through the closed door, Tony’s still in the same position as when Steve left. His hands have started moving back and forth, caressing the duvet that covers Steve’s bed. It’s a baby blue color and it’s very soft. The motion and the feeling is relaxing Tony, whose head blissfully stops overthinking everything that happened today and just gives into the sensation.
He uses this position to move Steve’s upper body closer to his, as if trying to shield him, to protect him. Steve moves easily with him and he rests his head against Tony’s shoulder when he’s close enough to do so. This makes Steve’s head move slightly every time Tony so much as takes a breath so Tony’s especially careful not to jostle around too much.
“I did,” Steve replies curtly, his voice sounding hard.
One hand on Tony’s leg and one hand tangled on Tony’s smooth hair, Steve brings Tony’s face closer to his to capture his lips in a perfect kiss. Perfect like their first kiss. Perfect like every kiss they've shared since then. Perfect like the ones that are yet to come.
The snowball made its way closer and closer to Natasha, bypassing Sam closely. In the last second, just as the ball was going to hit Natasha, she abruptly ducked making it look natural and uncomplicated, and the ball continued its straight pathway. Only a second had gone by when a resounding
Steve nods and, from the corner of his eye, he sees a couple walking arm in arm to where the three of them are. Miss Potts spots them too and she stands a little taller as soon as she does confirming Steve’s suspicions that these people are now approaching them and that they are obviously an important part of the duties Miss Potts and Colonel Rhodes have to assume today.
“Take care, Nebula,” he instructs.
“Can I touch you?” Tony asks, hands stretched towards Steve’s shoulders but not actually touching him, just hovering in the air.
But above all, above everything else anyone could ever think about him, the most important word for Steve can only be Tony’s.
There is a part of Tony, however, a part that terrifies him like no other, that shuts things down to protect himself. Protect himself from what? From Steve. It’s the part of his mind that still conjures nightmares of Siberia, of Steve’s shield against his chest, of his icy eyes cutting through Tony like he has never been anything Steve can respect or protect.
Tony’s never been a good cook but he can at least say he’s a thousand times better than Natasha.
Maybe they were all doomed from the beginning, from that very first time the Avengers ever got together.
Getting lost in his memories while looking at photographs now-a-days is the opposite of that.
“I should have been the one giving the epic, romantic speech, right?” Tony says, sniffing a little bit and raising one shoulder and then the other to dry his cheeks.
“How do we move on?” Tony concludes and a sob escapes Steve’s throat.
Tony doesn’t keep count of how many days he and Steve have been together but they’ve been together for around 5 months when it happens.
All those things are personal, Tony knows this. The mere idea of sharing even a small smidge of his therapy sessions with anyone who’s not his therapist makes Tony want to burn down his brain and all the information inside it. He knows Steve must feel the same way about it.
After another half hour has gone by Natasha stretches her arms above her head and cracks her back, letting out a groan of satisfaction.
As his second enquiry goes ignored as well Steve starts actually worrying.
“I understand,” Steve reassures him and Tony can see that it’s absolutely true.
“I know,” Tony replies. “We will.”
The first thing Tony wants is for Steve to be comfortable for now. The rest can come after.
Because being here, back on Earth, realizing there are people who have made it, having to deal once again with the knowledge that he’s alive when so many others aren’t, when Peter isn’t… It’s paralyzing.
This is a dream come true but Steve is scared he will mess it up somehow and turn it into his own worst nightmare.
Tony can feel his cheeks heating up and he feels a lump on his throat, a hundred emotions pressing down on his chest. He loops his arms around Steve’s narrow waist and burrows his head into the blonde’s chest.
There also tends to be a team to congratulate or console depending on the outcome of the situation. This time, he has to do a little bit of both.
Minutes pass in awkward silence as Valkyrie continues to drink, Thor continues to list sideways on the couch and Steve and Tony drift towards each other and towards the side of the room. It’s obvious Steve is thinking exactly the same as Tony is: They’re not going to leave the room but they best make themselves as unnoticeable as possible for when the other shoe -inevitably- falls.
Steve scoffs and shakes his head, moving his jaw from right to left and then right again as if stretching it. Tony recognizes that move perfectly well, he used to be on the end of it a lot when he and Steve first met. Steve is mad. Steve is undeniably and irremediably mad.
They swing by Thor’s rooms but they find them empty and it’s not difficult to make an educated guess about his whereabouts for the three hours he’s been missing when he comes back smelling of rancid booze and dirty sewage.
“Try to take a deep breathe with me, Captain.”
Bruce is reading the newspaper and absentmindedly munching on toast while Natasha and Clint are throwing grapes at each other in some kind of competition and Thor is keeping score of it.
They’re having dinner with Steve and Natasha and there’s a certain feeling in the air like maybe things aren’t right but they soon will be. Like this is how things were always meant to happen. Like fate was really testing them all along and the final grade will soon be here.
“I’ll see if I can convince Bruce to let you do that.”
Steve would have thought that the restaurant Miss Potts suggested would be upscale and elegant but a week later, when he arrives at the location five minutes before the time they decided on, he’s surprised to walk into a very homely Italian restaurant. It’s mostly empty and the tables are covered in red and white checkered table tops. The place smells deliciously and Steve’s stomach grumbles.
“Oh,” Pepper falters and Steve turns back to look at her.
Tony hasn’t cleared his throat so his voice is still mostly a rasp.
Or maybe… Maybe he’s surprised at the way his name sounded leaving Tony’s lip. Tony sure is.
“I just wanted to see how you were doing,” Tony announces as he clasps his hands together in front of him.
Soon enough, though, Steve stops thinking about cameras and pictures and trying to capture the moment and it’s all for the best, anyway, because there are certain things only meant for Steve’s and Tony’s eyes.
Tony agrees because it’s a good cause.
There are other people that plague Tony’s sleeping thoughts, sometimes sharing dreams with Peter, sometimes starring on movies of their own.
He can’t not tell the team because he knows that if they were to find out, even if it wasn’t through him, that this was not what Tony wanted they’d be as upset as Steve is at the idea of not giving Tony what he truly desires.
Or 60%.
“So let’s get you out of my clothes.”
, Tony has said thousands of times since everything that happened in Afghanistan.
Pepper nods and she smiles sadly at him, “I sometimes forget that you’re not half bad at the business thing, either.”
“Regarding the Accords,” Steve starts. “I’m sorry that things happened how they happened because I believe we were both right in some ways. I understood where you were coming from and I understood that the world needed some kind of promise from us, a show of goodwill, us recognizing that we’re not infallible and that our viewpoint is not the only valid one. But I couldn’t get on board with something that felt so much like signing the Avengers off to other leaders. I felt like we were being made into puppets to be controlled by people that we didn’t even know, people that said they had the world’s interests at heart but… How could we really tell? How could I trust them?”
He wants to believe Rhodey, he so desperately does. But complicated is an old-family friend of Tony’s and he doesn’t know if he’ll ever manage to just treat it like a stranger.
“Now he’ll never want to come back,” Tony says.
Afghanistan and space also stand for loneliness. Yes, there is the comparison of those two unlikely allies Tony couldn't have conjured in his mind in a hundred years, but the loneliness still eats away at him.
Nothing seems to happen as Steve tugs the fabric up, obliging Tony to put his arms in the air and let the other man rid him of the item. Tony frowns and stares intently at Steve until the man must feel his gaze and looks him directly in the eye.
Natasha bids Tony goodnight at around 10:30pm, after having helped him clean the dishes and hugging him gently. Tony is still in the kitchen when Steve gets to the Compound almost an hour later.
Ronin is proof of what people can become when they think they have nothing left to lose, Tony thinks.
He drags Tony’s ass towards him, separating Tony’s legs further and elevating Tony’s lower body from the mattress a bit. The display of strength gives Tony butterflies but he quickly forgets about them as soon as Steve’s mouth touches his ass. The first touch is just a kiss on Tony’s hole, making Tony reflexively flutter it. Steve raises his eyes to look into Tony’s and he sends him a smile before diving into it completely.
She hesitates until Tony nudges her lightly with his knee through the blanket that covers him, trying to silently remind her this is an open space where she can speak her mind.
Yet Steve’s eyes haven’t strayed from Tony’s even as he’s taken the shield.
Nebula’s face stretches into a wide smile and she moves as if to put her arms up in victory before she seems to remember herself. The smile disappears from her face but Tony can still see the slight upturn of her lips and the absence of her usual frown is also a dead giveaway of her momentary happiness.
in Rome too.
Bruce puts his glasses back on and looks up at them.
The screen of Steve’s Stark Phone -an older model that Tony himself gifted Steve a couple of years ago- is still illuminated and Tony takes notice of the default picture Steve has set as his lock-screen, something impersonal and cold.
“Wait, really?”
“I mean, I didn’t
It’s maddening and magnificent and magic. It’s hot and hypnotic and heavenly.
“Maybe,” Tony answers noncommittally.
Steve frowns and looks towards some of the cameras that are around the room, having picked up the habit of looking into them when he’s trying to pretend like he can create eye contact with JARVIS.
Natasha makes a choking sound and, in a clumsy move so unlike herself, she trips over her own feet to get to Tony. Tony takes a step forward to stop her momentum and she falls into his chest, her body hitting his harshly, making him bring his right foot back to regain his balance.
Tony, for his part, doesn’t move, still seated in the same position, but his eyes close when Steve is mere inches away from him and that is the last bit of encouragement Steve needs.
Tony groans, “You really are an asshole, Rogers.”
“What—?,” Tony asks, the question incomplete and yet so easy to understand.
Steve interrupts the scene that could easily become a fight considering Clint’s current short fuse.
Definitely the same Tony that Natasha had been trying to set him up with for the past three months.
Pepper fills the clean glass with wine and offers it to him. Steve takes it from her hand, still not understanding why Pepper brought him here.
Natasha drops her fork, tomato still speared on it, and looks at Tony intently. “Tony…”
“I’m so sorry,” Tony whispers in the space between their faces. His tears have started falling as well. “I wish I could give you something more than this.”
Telling Rhodey and Pepper proves to be more difficult. The former because of his irregular communication availability and the latter because Tony isn't really sure how one should approach telling an ex that they’re dating someone else.
There’s only one way to know if after so many months, so much work, so many conversations, ups and downs and in-betweens, Steve has changed his mind.
“The second is that relationships either end or they are forever,” Steve notes. “There is no in-between. You either die with someone or you die without them.”
Steve nods, rubbing at his temples with his right index and thumb. “We need to do better, yes. This was our first bad spell together, we’ll work on it.”
“Yeah,” he whispers after maybe ten seconds of silence, not because he was really pondering the question but because he needed a little time to prepare himself for what’s coming.
Steve swallows and the movement of his Adam’s apple is so harsh it draws Tony’s eyes to his neck. As soon as he realizes he’s staring Tony pulls his eyes away.
If they want to make things better for the world once again that might need to include them staying alive throughout everything, not just the parts that inevitably need of their response.
for movie nights at odd hours after another aborted super-villain attempt at conquering the world, for marathons of Mario Kart tournaments that make for great laughs when Bruce kicks all of their asses. He thrives when they can just
Maybe he will get to save the world and maybe Steve will be there to help him this time.
It makes Tony feel guilty to see the brunt of the heavy work go to Natasha and Bruce, but at the same time he knows they’re the closest people to Clint and Thor respectively and neither he nor Steve can be as helpful to them. They still both talk about it and resort to asking Natasha and Bruce how to better be of service for them. In the end it all comes down to Natasha and Bruce also not really knowing how they can help more. It seems like they don’t even know how they themselves can do better.
The bots start chirping loudly from their position behind Tony but none of them move towards Steve as they normally do when he walks into the room. Tony looks over his right shoulder at them and then turns back to face Steve as he rolls his eyes fondly.
“This is about you. It’s all about you,” Natasha emphasizes, bringing her finger to poke at Clint’s chest. “About the things you’ve been doing since the Decimation. You think Laura would be proud? You think your kids would be proud?”
The thought makes him drop his head in his hands and bury his fingers in his hair, pulling so harshly for a few seconds that he feels tears gather behind his closed eyelids because of the pain.
“I was serious,” Natasha says when they’re all positioned. “You didn't need to come here. I’m fine.”
Things aren't working and the amount of effort it takes pretending he doesn't see that, and pretending he doesn’t see that Pepper sees it too, always leaves him feeling depleted by the end of all his interactions with her. And once they’re over, the sadness that grips him when he starts to glimpse the people they’re becoming together is even worse.
“Perfect. I love you,” Steve says, and he pats Tony’s butt when he turns around to walk out of the kitchen.
Although there had been something inside of his chest pushing him to keep the Avengers close and make them a part of his little world, and even though he granted them the dubious honor of being people he truly and deeply cared about, he had always done so better from a distance. He’d made them his estranged family of sorts.
“I’m okay, I’m okay,” Tony murmurs back.
The third time really is the charm for both of them. It’s not something they’ve scheduled or plan and Steve thinks maybe that's part of why it works so well.
At Steve’s pleased hum Tony moves to peck Steve’s nose and at Steve’s light giggle Tony smiles.
“I was going to say flattering, actually,” Tony corrects.
Seeing the impact the person he had become had on kids didn’t exactly made him feel worthwhile or heroic but it kept him from feeling completely useless. Those kids, those innocent kids that had only known war for so long, saw in him a hope that things would get better and that was at least a reason to feel a little proud.
The next day is chaos.
Tony bends towards the floor to pick his tablet when he realizes it’s still on the floor. He grabs it and places it on the couch, next to him. The screen is still illuminated but Tony lets it go dark on its own.
“He’s pissed. Thinks he failed. Which, of course he did, but, you know, there’s a lot of that going around, ain’t there?”
“Steve,” Tony sighs, dropping his hands from where they were still moving in the air messing with different holograms.
Steve listens attentively, like he always does where Tony’s concerned, and makes a mental note to chastise Tony for being up this late -just in case Tony thinks Steve hasn’t noticed-. He also reminds himself to ask Tony about the shareholders meeting he had had that morning, whether Pepper had liked her birthday present or not, and he’ll make sure to sneak in as many “I miss you-s” as possible in between all that.
“Sounds perfect to me.”
Steve pays attention to the movies playing from second one of the first one until the last of the credits rolls on the second one. He’s sitting right next to Tony, sharing a beanbag with him that Tony thinks must be very expensive in order to be this comfortable.
Tony sinks his spoon into the ice-cream and is happy to find that it has the perfect consistency: it hasn't melted too much from the time since Steve bought it until now but it isn't frozen solid and hard as a rock.
There is also a book Tony is sure isn’t his resting on top of one of the low set of drawers, a pair of Steve’s sunglasses next to some SI documents Tony has yet to sign and the room smells distinctly like the incense sticks Bruce recommended to Steve and that he is now obsessed with.
Winding up in the twenty-first century allowed him to love Tony and to show him his love and to show the world his love for Tony.
He was in Steve’s room last night when he went to take a shower and, just for a minute, he had decided to lay down and rest for a while. He promptly guesses he must have fallen asleep right there and never made it back to his room. A quick sweep over the room with his eyes confirms his suspicions.
Tony had assumed he’d went into his room but Steve is standing with an armload of clothes. It appears like he went searching for one of Tony’s winter coats and also for one of his own, as well as a burgundy sweater that Tony doesn’t recognize so it also must be Steve’s.
Tony’s face breaks out in a grin so big it makes his eyes squint a little and the subtle smiles lines around his eyes make an appearance. He extends the arm that’s closest to Steve and grabs Steve’s hand tightly, intertwining their fingers instantly. Steve finds it hard to swallow after that and his breath quickens slightly.
There is a question in his eyes that Tony’s sure must be reflected on his own. But neither of them will have the answers and they won't be able to reach them alone. Quickly, they both get to their feet and, leaving their mugs behind on the island, they set path to the outside of the building, where Thor and Valkyrie must have landed with their ship.
Tony lets out a short and sad laugh. “Yeah.”
Tony doesn’t think there’s anything worthy or useful he can add to the conversation and so he doesn’t participate.
Steve chuckles and Tony knows he too keeps updated on things like that, even if not with the upmost intensity that Tony does.
“It wasn’t worth it,” Natasha states. “That’s the conclusion, I guess. It wasn't worth it.”
This is his downfall. Nothing else has killed him before but this will.
Natasha’s always light and silent on her feet but Tony must have been making sounds as he walked because Bruce notices their approach immediately as they make it to his door.
They haven’t had sex yet but it’s not because they've been avoiding it. More than once Tony has seen the heat reflected in Steve’s eyes, a heat so similar to the one he feels burning up his insides. He’s seen it during drawn out make-out sessions where both of them haven’t even lost an article of clothing. He’s seen it after getting out of the shower and walking out into his room with only a towel around his waist. He’s seen it when they’ve both been driving aimlessly around New York state, Steve in the passenger seat with his eyes permanently fixed on Tony.
“I want to die with you, Tony. I want us to be forever,” Steve promises and Tony’s world stops spinning. “But I know we could also end. I know it’s a possibility. But God, I want to work every single day to make forever a little closer.”
It’s Rhodey who looks up first and tells Tony, “It’s Nat.”
Steve stands up hastily and runs a hand nervously through his hair.
“Steve,” Tony says, stopping dead in his tracks.
“It’s not the talking, it’s not—” Tony refutes, biting his lip and cursing under his breath when he can’t  verbalize it better.
trilogy.
“Sir suffered from nightmares and even often flashbacks, and together we created some protocols and routines that worked well for him during the worst of them.”
They eat as they chat and this time when a silence grows between them it feels natural and bearable.
“I love you too,” Tony says, his words being breathed on Steve’s lips because of how close their faces still are.
Tony shakes his head a little bit as Steve responds to his comment but he hasn’t heard what Steve has just said and Steve is looking back at him questioningly.
It’s been a very long time since Tony’s let himself linger after waking up in the morning.
_______________________________
“I mean, why do you wear my clothes? Is there a particular reason?”
_______________________________
“Well, I sure hope so, Nat, or else I’m going to start thinking you’re trying to set me up with a savage snowball warrior.”
“Actually, it’s more like I’m here to celebrate. Kind of,” Bruce explains. “I uh— I figured out the project I was working on.”
They don’t separate after they’re done.
“For the millionth time,” Tony says. “I said it was fine. I’m excited! I’m super excited! Yay for my party!”Steve rolls his eyes.
Tony stops walking, his quickening speech having left him slightly out of breath. Steve halts immediately beside him.
Tony likes to think he’s been reasonable, that he doesn’t need confirmation about how Steve feels on the subject, that he can live with it, but words come tumbling out of his mouth before he can stop them.
“Yes.” Steve nods. “It was never about me not trusting you, Tony. I need you to know that. I was glad that you were kind of involved in them in the way that you were because that made me feel like they were more legitimate but… I just… I…”
Tony blows off the candles as he looks at Steve’s, Rhodey’s and Natasha’s grinning faces. His only thought as the fire flickers out is how he just wants to see more of that joy painted on their faces everyday.
The first thing Tony has JARVIS do is call Pepper and Rhodey.
They started off in Paris and celebrated their actual six-month anniversary day there, in the fanciest and most delicious restaurant Steve has ever set foot in. After their dinner and for the following four days they’d done every possible clichéd thing they could have done as tourists.
Space. Afghanistan.
“It’s really good,” he confirms and then goes for another spoonful of it.
“It’s okay,” Tony says. “You needed that cry and I needed one too. No harm done.”
The first tear falls from Tony’s eye as Steve’s first tear starts rolling down his left cheek too. An aching sob breaks from Steve’s mouth as more and more tears fall down his face.
Despite the distortion of his words Tony must understand him because he beams.
There are uncountable moments and irreplaceable happenings.
“Asshole.” The insult and slap to his shoulder make Steve laugh loudly while Tony turns around again in the V of Steve’s legs and crosses his arms in front of him.
“I thought so.”
From his position laying in bed in the SHIELD safe house Steve reads the text for the third time and keeps frowning at his cellphone.
Natasha comes in as his conversation is ending and she only catches him saying, “That’s fine, Pep. Talk to you later.”
Natasha softly chuckles.
They say Christmas is the time of miracles and Tony keeps wishing and wishing for the only one that matters.
Tony is still rummaging his mind for a way to answer him when Steve speaks again.
Steve ceases his movements but he stays perched over Tony. His face is red with laughter and Tony will never stop being struck by his beauty.
Natasha shakes her head and takes a seat next to Tony’s legs on the mattress, still facing him.
“First, I hope you know this means we’re now dating which means you’re obligated to go on a date with me. You good with that?”
“If you talk to me you won’t lose me. We won’t let that happen,” Steve says and his certainty is awe-inspiring.
The time alone has finished now even though he’s still well sequestered in the privacy of his room.
“He was alone in a lonely, little planet. Just waiting for someone to put him out of his misery, I guess.”
He won’t need anything else after that. There’s no hopes for what comes after.
“I didn’t mean to make them worry,” he promises.
“I remember the first time Tony saw a little kid dressed up as Iron Man,” Rhodey comments. “He teared up.”
Rhodey’s voice joins Natasha’s and Tony can’t help but burst out laughing at the exaggerated redemption of the song Rhodey is trying to perform. It’s chaotic and ridiculous even with only three voices -Steve having joined them now- performing the song. None of them are good singers but Tony supposes he should appreciate the gesture.
Tony shakes his head and laughs humorlessly.
It sounds exactly like what Tony’s been waiting for months for someone to tell him. It also sounds exactly like what he’s been fearing for months that someone would tell him.
Steve Rogers over Captain America.
“He’s drinking. A lot,” Bruce elaborates. “I got him to let me into the place he’s been living in so I could stay with him but… He must have said five words total in the time I was there. I could tell he was angry I was visiting but he just… He didn’t say anything. He hasn’t been showering, he hasn’t been outside in weeks. He just drinks and eats and sleeps.”
A look of understanding crosses Bruce’s face and he lets out a rueful laugh.
_______________________________
A lot more shocking is how much more involved Clint becomes in Compound activities after Steve’s and Tony’s relationship goes public. He still carries his darkness with him, but the sarcasm he used to be known for has made a return, replacing the haunting silence that he had cocooned himself in.
Tony has quite obviously missed something important.
Despite his promise -if that comment made in the last possible second before he left the room can even be considered as such- Steve doesn’t visit Tony and yet, just as Pepper assured him, he’s far from alone once she leaves.
The last thought he has is more of a prayer.
Tony and Steve have been spending a lot of time together. Most of it, in fact.
Tony pretends to think about it, tapping his spoon against his lips for a few seconds. “Fine. But only because I really, really want more ice cream.”
Tony breathes in deeply and starts walking away from the table and making his way out of the kitchen.
Tony clears his throat, this time looking away himself. “And clean this up, don’t make the cleaning service do it.”
From his vantage point from above Tony Steve offers him his hand so he can get to his feet. Tony stares at it for half a second before caving and grabbing a hold of it, Steve taking most of the brunt of his weight and pulling him up. The move leaves Tony only an inch or so away from Steve, their hands still together and their chests almost but not quite touching.
The first time Tony tells Steve he loves him is also the day Steve finds his favorite descriptor for himself.
It’s not that Steve doesn’t have authority to speak for the Avengers as an enterprise. Even though they’ve gone through many ups and downs and they’re now only a speck of what they once were Tony still holds Steve as a leader in his mind and he knows the rest of the group does too.
“What?”
Steve sniffs loudly and though his face is free of tears his lips are pressed together so tightly they’re almost white, as if he’s trying to compose himself and hold back a thousand emotions that want to spill from his very being.
“I’m supposed to be the old one here, Steve,” Tony says as he tops up their mugs. “And yet I woke up before you and don’t look like I got into a fight with my pillows and sheets.”
As soon as Bruce gives the okay for Tony to move around and try to have as normal of a life as it was possible again, Tony goes back to work. Work for him being trying to fix the world Thanos had left them with.
“What?” he asks as he looks between Thor and everyone else in the room a couple of times.
“He’s dead?” Tony waits for Steve’s nod of confirmation. “And there’s no way to bring them—? We can’t bring them back?”
Tony calls him a couple more times and even has JARVIS tell Steve he wants to meet with him but Steve always leaves the Tower when this happens. He even ponders if it would be easier if he went to stay at SHIELD’s base for a while, knowing Fury would give him back his all quarters no questions asked. He discards the idea quickly, realizing the one thing he can’t give up is the place that has become the closest thing he’s had to a home in years. It would be a fatal blow to his sanity.
Today hasn’t been a bad day per se but Steve’s conscious enough about himself and his triggers to know that he’s heading towards some kind of episode of anxiety. Maybe a nightmare as he tries to sleep tonight o maybe a case of insomnia instead. It could also simply be not getting rid of the awkward feeling in his chest for a couple of days. Be what it may, Steve knows the longer he can stay here, where he feels truly safe and protected from everything else, the more he can avoid the fall.
“Okay,” Tony prolongs the vowels of the word and he’s side-eyeing Steve.
“We should probably, um,” Steve stutters and clears his throat, his gaze still focused on where Natasha and Rhodey had been only seconds before. “Maybe go to bed, too.”
Touch is always something that has aided Tony in keeping in touch with reality. He craved it as much as he feared it after Afghanistan. He got used to having it regularly when he was with Pepper. He’s used it both as an armor and as a lifesaver.
He knows he’s not perfect and he knows his list of flaws would be considerable if he were to write them all down but he’s learnt that it’s not so important to be flawless. It’s a lot more valuable to learn from ones mistakes and defects, to let them shape you into a better person. You need to be aware of those little imperfections to keep humble and human, because the moment you think yourself faultless is the moment you lose most of your humanity.
Bruce’s birthday comes and goes just like Natasha’s and Steve’s did even though this time they do all spend the day together.
No one has even had time to leave the living room, not even Valkyrie even though she looks ready to bolt at any minute.
“We’ll see what we’ll do about them.” Steve decides. “Now, let’s get you to bed.”
“It means I wouldn’t want you to change even those less than stellar parts, Steve,” is what Tony says one day when Steve’s talking to him about it.
This Steve, submissive, taking this brand of public punishment Tony is exerting on him, only angers Tony more, and it makes his heart clench painfully and his stomach knot up.
He doesn’t cry, not a single tear escapes his eyes even if they feel misty as he talks, but he lets it all out, every single thought and emotion that went through his head while he was out there: the fear, the insecurity, the tenacity, the strength, the confusion.
She sometimes shows Steve gifts Tony gave her and the look in her eyes is proof enough of how valuable sentimentally they all are to her.
“Sure,” he says as he places one of his hands on Steve’s bicep and squeezes gently, trying to reassure him. “Let’s go see her.”
But since that night weeks ago Tony has been thinking and thinking and thinking about it and he still can’t wrap his mind around how little Steve had pushed back at him. Steve had stood stoically and silently and taken everything in, every one of Tony’s words and his jabs and his taunts and his hateful looks. And all he had said had been
Rhodey also comments often on how Steve is one of the strongest people he knows, not in the literal physical sense but in the emotional one. Their military backgrounds give them insight onto each other’s psyches more frequently than not and Rhodey never ceases to be in awe of how much Steve’s had had to endure both as a soldier and as a man.
Most times the texts don’t even require a response from him, they’re just silly little commentary on things the bots do or annoyed complaints about the press or business rivals or some of SI’s shareholders. Nevertheless, Steve has gotten used to always replying to Tony promptly if he has a chance, and, now that they’re approaching half a year of dating, Steve finds himself more and more drawn to being the one to start messaging conversations with Tony.
He stands up from his position on the couch and offers his right hand to Tony.
Time in Afghanistan moved in a confusing pattern: it was work and fear and a weirdly formed companionship with Yinsen.
Here's my
He gets in a mood sometimes where he feels compelled to click on the folder and go through some of the pictures, revisiting instances of his life through the still images, letting himself admire them and the memories  of feelings they invisibly carry.
Steve’s hand stills where it is holding Tony’s shirt and thanks to his position, Tony can feel the exact moment that Steve’s shoulder tense. Tony turns around, thinking that this conversation may be better had eye to eye, and meets Steve’s newly-formed frown.
In some dreams he is there from the very beginning, the first face Tony sees when he closes his eyes.
They’ll be okay, Tony knows.
The third or fourth time Tony opens his eyes he finds Steve already looking back at him. He hasn't moved at all but his eyes are blinking lazily as his gaze is focused on Tony’s face.
But the fight never ends.
What ends up surprising Steve the most is the fact that he isn’t actually the one to initiate the kiss, Tony is.
Even sitting down on a wheelchair, an IV hooked onto his left arm, pounds and pounds lighter than he was only a couple of weeks ago, all of his strength gone, it still seems like the fight never ends, like he’s meant to go out there once again and this time, die trying if necessary.
This time when Tony glares at him Steve just shrugs sheepishly and smiles innocently. Tony narrows his eyes further but one of the corners of his mouth is suspiciously twitching, like Tony’s having trouble containing a smile.
“Here to yell at me too?” Steve asks him, a hard edge to his voice.
“Tony…” she murmurs.
She stretches with her laptop in one hand and her back cracks, making Rhodey wince a little despite the fact that he had just done the same only seconds before.
Her eyes look clearer now, her gaze somewhat sharper and Tony can instantly feel the change in the atmosphere.
Tony imagines brushing it away with the pad of his thumb but the image stays in his mind and promptly goes unperformed. He tells himself he’s still feeling too tired to move but his own voice comes back to him in the form of a single word he uttered only a short time ago, not about him but still fitting him perfectly.
These two Steves are at war and part of him feels like no matter who wins it he will be losing no matter what.
Tony shrugs and smiles dejectedly at Steve. “There is no way I can fix the snap. If that isn’t something deserving of an apology I don’t know what is.”
“Those are our speciality, right?” Tony jokes, but he can see Bruce is more nervous than he had first let on and he quickly grows serious again.
He’s standing next to the couch, Steve’s phone having been deposited on the coffee-table Tony obviously done with his call.
Only a couple of weeks ago Steve wouldn’t have asked the question in the same manner that he is doing now, concerned and caring but also showing a hint of impatience, of edge, most likely based on Tony’s completely closed-off demeanor. Steve would have most likely waited indefinitely at Tony’s side, possibly in absolute silence, getting null acknowledgement from Tony who’d have, after a few hours, simply stood and walked away, leaving Steve and his non-intrusiveness behind.
“So then what?” Steve asks, some of his anger and disbelief making it back to him. “You’re not afraid of me but you’re afraid enough to not want to talk to me. What is it? What are you so afraid of?”
The next hard-fought victory comes a couple of days later when Clint walks into the living room where the rest of them are watching a movie. The movie was chosen by Bruce, some animated thing Tony hasn’t been paying much attention to, more focused on his tablet and the email he’s been composing to the head of the PR department for the Maria Stark Foundation.
Steve swallows and the back of his throat tastes bitter as he’s reminded of the number of times he’s thought to himself that he just needs to be a little stronger, a little less sensitive, a little tougher.
Steve’s crying stops being silent then and his sobs seem to echo off the walls of the workshop. DUM-E, Butterfingers and U have stopped playing whatever game it was they had been busy with before at the loud noise but they don’t move closer to Tony and Steve.
“Thor,—” Steve says but Thor interrupts him once again.
He comes in looking like his night hasn't been an ounce better than Tony’s. The serum allows for him to be comfortable with very little sleep for long periods of time, but that doesn’t mean Steve enjoys it. The last few months have taught Tony what signs to look for: the tightness of Steve’s shoulders, the redness around his eyes from Steve’s constant rubbing at them, the slight dragging of his feet as he walks, the way he pops his ears every few minutes like his body is betraying him by not properly working.
“Please tell me there’s some more of that for me.”
He starts by telling him how Nebula knew where her father could be found and how everyone decided to suit up and go after him.
“And,” Tony continues. “I don’t know if I said it but… I’m here, too. I’m here if you want to talk.”
When he reaches Tony, Steve positions himself behind him, his arms extending to place his hands on the edge of the table, gently trapping Tony between the table and his body.
His breathing still has not gone back to normal but maybe it’s not because of the surprise his abrupt awakening caused in him, maybe it’s that breathing through grief is one of the hardest things humans have to learn how to do.
Stark’s best friends share a short but obviously meaningful look.
“No,” Tony admits. “This is it. This one is going to stick. It’s definitely for the best.”
The sun is shining strongly on the wooded areas around the Compound buildings and Tony can feel some drops of sweat travel down the length of his temple and his neck even though he’s sat under the extensive shade some trees provide. He dries some of the perspiration off of his forehead with the back of his wrist, once, twice, three times, but it doesn’t do much good.
The Tower still doesn't feel like home and Steve can’t shake the feelings of being an outsider still but Pepper and Rhodey start making things a little bit better.
“Don’t,” Tony warns harshly and Steve looks up at him instantly. “Don’t try to turn this into something it isn’t. And don’t take your frustration out on me just because you’ve already butted heads with Natasha about this. We need to talk about this because if not… Well, we know how badly things can go between us, Steve.”
“Maybe if I didn’t know you two it wouldn't be as obvious but your relationship with him has always been weirdly intense,” Rhodey explains. “I guess the way you’ve been talking about him while I’ve been away, the way you’ve hardly talked about him since I’ve been back and the looks you've been sending each other’s way… Yeah, it’s that obvious.”
Now in December the few times in the last couple of weeks Tony has needed to venture into the City he has found himself astounded when he’s realized how little decorations and signs of Christmas there were around him. The streets look well into winter, a little snowed and a little grey, they still also show some devastation and unrecovered damage, but there is nothing to even suggest that a holiday as major as Christmas is quickly approaching.
“I don’t want to fuck us up by letting this happen and then losing each other,” Tony explains, more to the point that he has been in the entire conversation. “If it doesn't work, if we get together and it doesn’t work… It could destroy us completely, it could make us lose each other.”
Getting to his designated side of the spaceship takes too much effort and as soon as he gets there he lets his back meet the wall and he slides down until he’s sitting on the floor, his legs extended in from of him, his arms hanging uselessly by both sides of his body.
Steve’s eyes keep darting around the room, trying to take everything in, and asses the situation. He closes his eyes forcefully and opens the again after having taken two deep breaths. When his eyes open they look less clouded, a little sharper and more awake.
It’s a weak reply to Steve’s honest praise but Tony is experiencing some trouble forming coherent and meaningful thoughts. It’s Steve’s gaze and his words and the way they’re still laying so close to each other. It’s astonishing and yet so right.
Tony finishes eating his cookie and he picks up a second one without hesitation. He concentrates on it for a while, savoring its taste and texture, even going as far as closing his eyes to hone in on his sense of taste. When he has eaten it he wipes his lips with his fingers gently and licks them to clear them of any residual crumbs.
“Good night,” Tony whispers back before turning again and walking away for good this time.
He goes through the motions of opening the fridge and filling a glass of juice before he turns around to face the table.
When Tony frowns and still doesn’t move, Steve repeats “Up”, taking the man’s hands and pulling him up into a seated position and he continues to pull until Tony gets the hint and stands up completely. Once Tony has moved, Steve kisses his temple and wraps his arms around Tony’s shoulders.
the feeling of belongingness has only increased since he and Steve got together after what Natasha has described more than once as, “annoying childlike pining” and Clint has proudly proclaimed as, “disgusting eye-sex and heart-eyes,
Now, Tony wonders if those are the same type of things Steve has been asking himself during therapy. Or if, perhaps, even in the safest of spaces Steve could have found, he had still been living in that nebulous nothing, in that standstill of a life.
Nebula’s gaze is fixed forward, to where Carol has exited the ship and is now positioning herself under it until they can no longer see her.
“Yes, I mean about the break up,” Steve assures.
“That would just mean I’d make things more interesting, then,” Tony tells all of them. “I’m honestly feeling betrayed, Honeybear.”
It was difficult -and it is still an on going process- to reconcile himself as both his past and his present, to see himself as who he was
“You’ve said that like five times already,” Tony laughs as he eats a lot more carefully and less messily than Steve.
“Don’t flatter me, Pep. We both know I’m terrible.”
They have their times together, their very good times, until the bad times reach them and they are no longer able to hide from them.
But in the end he knows the truth and the truth is he feels a little afraid. A little apprehensive. It’s only after he remembers the exact tone of voice Miss Potts used when she said please to him that he picks up his cellphone provided by SHIELD and dials the number printed on the card she gave him.
“I thought, maybe, I mean, you…” Steve stumbles upon his words until he takes a deep breath and looks intensely into Tony’s eyes. “I don’t feel like being alone yet.”
And they do, they all do.
“The drinks and napkins, Cap,” Tony reminds him over his shoulder as the elevator’s door opens, showing a SI security guard with their pizzas in hand.
The door of the recovery room opens and Tony startles, turning his head towards it.
It’s like having Steve next to him actually helps him and makes things better. Who would have thought.
“I can do this, Tony,” Steve has said every time.
for the very first time.
He’s especially tired of fighting with Steve.
And that’s what he’s contemplating doing right in this moment, standing in front of the penthouse windows overlooking the city, the sun slowly but surely making its way down, casting the city and its hundreds of buildings in a pink and orange light, a few purple shadows dancing in the horizon.
Steve has his favorite pictures of Tony - all saved up in his “TONY” folder- and Tony obviously has his favorite pictures of Steve -probably all collected in a folder named “STEVE-BABE” or maybe “CAPTAIN OF MY HEART”-, and it’s so absolutely wonderful that the pictures they both carry closest to their hearts are the ones that show them doing nothing but loving each other.
“Can I sit?”
“So much better.”
“We haven’t been a team in a really long time, Cap.”
Steve smiles as he brings his own beer bottle to his lips and takes a long sip from it.
“Hey, Nat. Hey, Tony.”
Rhode scoffs. “That would be my line if we ever did play paintball. If we were on separate teams you’d be ganging up on me and I just know it. And it’d be worst if you were on my team. I trust you as far as I can throw you with these things.”
It’s on his mind and he thinks and thinks and thinks.
“I thought i was ready for it, that I had prepared myself for it but I was wrong,” Steve says. “It was painful and I hated every second of it.”
This time it’s Tony who shakes his head and points towards the kitchen island. “Just sit down. I’ve got it.”
He’s human and there’s someone he mourns. He’s human and there are regrets he has. He’s human and he’s struggling to figure out what to do next, just like the rest of the participants of the group.
“Really?” Steve asks, unable to hide his surprise. “Great! When would it be a good time for you?”
“Why are we going to to the common floor?”
Oxygen is running out and neither Nebula nor Tony know if they’re going to be waking up tomorrow or if their bodies will finally give up on them, but Tony still bids Nebula good night as he’s done for the past three weeks.
Because through everything they’ve been through that’s the one constant that hasn’t changed. No matter where they end up, no matter how they end, that’s the one constant that will keep.
When he gets to the ‘shop he can see Tony through the clear glass and he’s glad to see he doesn't seem to be working so Steve walking in won’t disturb anything important. Tony actually seems to be talking to the bots, who are all positioned in a row one next to the other and are as still as Steve’s ever seen them, like they’re intently listening to Tony.
There’s nothing really that sets that night apart from any others. Steve goes through a normal morning, and then a normal afternoon, and a normal evening passes too. There are no signs or hints about what is awaiting for him as soon as he tries to lay down to sleep.
Taking a deep breath he continues his speech, even if he’s not sure where it is going.
“I was just making myself a salad but I can make us something else,” Tony says, putting down the knife he was using to slice the vegetables.
“Did he tell you?” Pepper asks him.
The helmet stops recording as soon as Tony presses the inside button and, with as much strength as he can muster, Tony pushes it away from him, making it face the wall.
There is no real explanation about the recent obsession he has developed with wearing Steve’s clothes and, honestly, it’s even getting a little embarrassing.
Only ten minutes ago Tony would have thought he’d be opposed to discussing the break up and his feelings regarding it but the idea of relying on Steve and opening up now feels liberating and appealing.
The doors open and Natasha walks inside promptly, giving them both a sweet smile. Her steps are silent and graceful as they always are but for a second Tony swears she almost hesitates on her fourth step, like she’s maybe regretting having came in. The idea leaves his head instantly as she keeps walking confidently inside towards them.
Tony chuckles. “Sure, yeah.”
“A nightmare?” Steve asks.
Surprisingly, Pepper is the first to break the lock of their gazes, letting out a tired sigh.
(It’s finally feeling like he’s not a tourist visiting a new century that will never belong to him but a true local once again. It’s making the 21st century his own and fitting into it in a way he hadn’t before.
He knows how skilled Natasha is at reading people, at understanding them, their motivations and their fears. It’s something he values in her as a teammate and something he admires in her as a person. He’s come to trust her assessments even when he tries to challenge them to perfect them as a team.
It’s probable Steve is thinking about so many other things as well: Sam, Wanda, the half of the world they’ve lost and still have no idea if they can recuperate. But the topic is heavily intertwined with Barnes’ memory and Tony isn’t sure they're ready to talk about that yet.
It’s futile and inevitable that Steve mourns the loss of something he never truly had. It’s also ridiculous but Steve’s well versed in lost causes. More than anything it is frustrating, to think that just when he had gotten rid of all the
Her voice breaks and she mutters a nearly inaudible “Oh, God.”
Tony is alive but he doesn't know Steve like Steve knows him.
He’s gone before Tony has even had a chance to assimilate the words. He still isn't sure if he dreamed Clint using his given name or not.
Steve knows Tony and his body perfectly by now. He knows Tony loves to get fucked after he’s already come but he prefers not to get his dick stroked by then. He’s learnt that Tony loses his mind when Steve rides him with his back towards him and he always grabs Steve’s asscheeks hard enough to sting.
Tossing and turning. Tossing and turning.
He really feels in his bones the rightness of the moment, the sheer perfection of the timing. Where before he had been working against all odds he thinks this is the moment he needs to finally get it right.
_______________________________
“Well, if you need reasons to convince him to come tell him I need someone around that will appreciate my cooking,” she says.
Her gaze is louder than any words in the world could be.
“I tried,” Tony sighs. “I tried and I failed, but I swear I tried.  it’s not enough, but I wish it was.”
Right before he leaves, though, Rocket tells him, “I’m glad you’re fine, Stark. They’ve told me great things about you”.
It truly is like falling asleep. Peaceful, effortless, natural.
Bruce finds Tony in the kitchen as Tony is cooking his breakfast.
He doesn't need to ask FRIDAY for the time because only turning his head a bit to the left puts the alarm clock on one of the bedside tables in his field of vision. Tony squints a little as he looks at it.
A flush of warmth unfurls from Tony’s chest and sends tingles down to his fingertips. He has to rub them together to calm the slight itch he feels on them at the same time that he has to bite his lip to stop a whimper from escaping his throat.
Tony walks into the kitchen at ten o´clock in the morning on a day like any other.
Tony stands up and Natasha motions for him to start walking in front of her. Exiting the kitchen, he starts making his way down the hallway leading them to the elevator when he hears a very distinctive giggle coming from behind him. When he turns around, Natasha’s lips are pressed tightly together but her face is slightly red from what Tony can tell is amusement.
Tony feels his lungs inflate, not with air but with something more consuming. Less essential but more alive.
Although Tony was standing right in front of the windows there was no reflection staring back at him, none at all, not his and not the other people’s walking by on the street. Until suddenly, something took shape to his right, a figure as tall as he was but ganglier, full of reds and blues.
Steve’s face goes through a million emotions as he spots Tony walking closer to him, his shield on his arm.
Steve lowers his head to hide the flush he knows he must be sporting on his cheeks and brings a hand to the back of his neck to rub at it sheepishly.
Steve loves the world and it’s always been a dream of his to see as much of it as he can, but Steve’s only ever been away from the States in Captain America business.
Pepper’s tear reaches the edge of her jaw and falls down, getting lost forever, another thing he’s caused to be lost.
It goes on for minutes, neither of them pulling away, their hands roaming each other’s chest and neck and hair.
Glancing up from his plate Tony sees Steve’s face set into an expression of worry, his forehead and eyebrows fixed into a frown. Natasha is biting her bottom lip and her wide eyes are firmly set on Bruce, who in turn, is reclined back into his chair, his glass in hand, very obviously trying to portray an air of nonchalance that doesn't fit him well.
Tony, for his part, had not stopped looking at Steve. His face had yet to completely dry from the melted snow and his nose was red from the cold, making him look soft and cuddly. Steve groaned in his head and chastised himself for being so cheesy. He had it bad already, damn it.
Dropping his hands from his hair, Tony rests them on the table, extended in front of him and reaching for the ghost of where Steve was. But there is nothing there.
Tony’s 48th birthday keeps passing and by seven o’clock at night Tony keeps believing there’s a party he doesn’t even want to attend happening in his honor.
When he was little his upbringing never had him worrying about food on his table, and although Tony has vague memories of entire days spent with Jarvis in a kitchen, he never really learnt anything about cooking, just interested in spending his time with the person that always regarded him the fondest. Jarvis’ cooking will always be Tony’s favorite and sometimes he thinks he would do anything to go back and share a meal with him one last time, maybe even learn something this time around.
They’re about to finish the carton and Tony goes to say as much when he notices, but the sight in front of him makes him halt. The ice cream is quickly melting and every time one of them goes to take a spoonful now they’ve got to be careful not to spill any on the table or themselves. This time it’s Steve’s turn and Tony watches as he leans forward, placing his left hand under the spoon to bring it to his mouth with his right one. Some of it does drip down his chin and Steve cleans it up with the back of his hand instead of grabbing a napkin. It should be gross, or funny, or ridiculous to look at, but Tony feels irremediably fond. Steve isn’t looking at him, too busy checking his t-shirt and pants for any signs of a bigger spill, but Tony knows if Steve looked up now he wouldn't be able to hide it away.
There are winter nights and summer days.
Something breaking and reshaping itself.
“One thing first,” Tony says. “No, two things first.”
It’s not an apology yet but it feels like an important step forward nevertheless.
“Guys?”
And then The Thing had happened and any possibility of it ever gradually happening had seemed to vanish.
She extends one of her arms towards him and, in her hand, she’s holding a small white card.
“Time,” Tony says, decidedly this time. “I can give you that.”
Steve purses his lips and moves his eyes away from Tony’s. He keeps his body facing towards Tony and that feels like a hard-earned victory in itself.
It was cold outside. Really, really cold. A true winter day in Brooklyn. But Steve had his gloves, his hat, his coat and Tony with him. He started talking and wondered if Tony would be interested in enjoying the rest of the seasons with him.
They’re not being really inconspicuous as Bruce catches their moment and sighs.
Tony bites his bottom lip until the pain helps him focus one again.
“For Tony, for his legacy.”
Valkyrie has enough time to walk past Steve and Tony and head inside after having thrown a salute their way before Thor even makes it halfway down the ramp. He’s not walking straight and Tony would say he was drunk if he didn’t know that was impossible for Thor. Just then, Thor tries to take one more step but tips over the edge of the ramp and falls down a couple of feet, his fall met with a loud thud that has both Steve and Tony wincing.
Tony knows better than to think Steve would ever judge him for his dark spells, his nightmares, his fears or his anxieties. Just like he’d never resent Steve for the times when he’s at his lowest he’s confident in Steve’s support through his own bad times.
The sadness from before is still there but some of it gets muted by the gratification of Nebula confessing this, of her keeping him in her thoughts still.
, Tony thinks.
He moves his eyes from the shield to Tony, locking their gazes.
There’s a ghost living with them at the Compound in the shape of Clint Barton.
There is no grand entrance, no over-the-top greeting, just his best friends enveloping him in a hug one by one and smiling happily at him as they wish him a happy birthday. They share breakfast together, all having a piece of some matcha cake that Natasha has been obsessed with lately and that Tony immediately loses his mind over.
Do they?
When his eyes open and adjust to the subtle light of the moon he sees Rhodey standing there, tall and proud, with a small smile on his face and silent tears rolling down his cheeks.
And then there’s the Steve that doesn't know Tony at all. The one still stuck clinging to things he can’t have and people he can never see. This is the Steve that believes he just feels like he is in love with Tony because he clung to him to avoid everything else he didn't want to deal with.
“I, uh,” Steve stammers. He seems reluctant to continue speaking but Tony knows there’s something he really wants to say.
Barton’s disappearance and subsequent return as a rogue vigilante had shocked all of them but it had, of course, hit Natasha the most as they had put the pieces of his work together and come to the conclusion it had to be him.
It looks like Tony’s response disconcerts Steve too, almost as if he had forgotten that Tony was still standing in the same room as him. Steve pulls his head up and his elbows unbend, his arms resting pliant on his legs. He focuses his gaze on Tony and when their eyes meet it seems like everything stops for a second.
This is it and Tony knows as soon as it starts. This is the last piece that Steve was keeping to himself finally coming out in the open.
Their lips connect, their hands explore and everything but Steve’s disappears for Tony.
(The next time the Avengers fight together -the third in total- Steve swears he can see the shadow of where Iron Man could have been next to them if Tony hadn’t died. He wonders if Tony’s moves would resemble Rhodey’s or if he’d had his own distinctive style. He also ponders if Tony would be that missing piece he often feels is missing between them, the one keeping them from being more than just a group of individuals thrown together by circumstance. Maybe without Iron Man that’s all the Avengers strive to be.)
“But where has he gone?”
“The movie. It’s over,” Steve explains.
Objectively speaking, the two couldn’t be more different but Tony still feels in his bones like this is all some kind of big and sick deja vu, like the universe has never gotten over any of his past transgressions and is trying to punish him by making him relive one of the worst experiences of his entire existence.
Tony opens his mouth to say something but no sound comes out of his lips, his mouth staying halfway open and his eyes wide from the surprise.
“Open up, FRIDAY,” Tony demands and his AI readily complies.
Tony can feel Pepper holding her breath where her body is still closely pressed into his.
_______________________________
Tony and Bruce are still working.
“I’ve lost so much already. I don’t want to lose my best friend too.”
The anger, the hurt, the disappointment and the sadness he feels towards Steve did nothing to prevent that in the end. There was no real usefulness to them in the end and Tony is ready to let them go but he can’t do that if Steve doesn’t start the conversation.
“JARVIS?”
“Bruce…” Natasha murmurs. “Are you sure? You know what Valkyrie’s been saying.”
_______________________________
It’s beautiful and soft and Steve can understand why Tony chose it but what really strikes him about it is the simplicity of it. Steve and Tony have a million gorgeous pictures together but Tony chose this one, the one that shows them disheveled and relaxed, Steve not even aware of the camera.
His name again. The attention on him.
“Steve,” Tony murmurs, so low he thinks maybe even Steve can’t hear it with his enhanced sense of hearing.
Steve glares at him and Tony rolls his eyes even though the comment might have been a bit too callous.
_______________________________
It’s automatic and instinctive that he searches for his safe place, the one where he can forget, or at least pretend to, everything he is and everything he is supposed to be.
“Tony,” Steve whispers.
His room at the Compound has been nothing but a place to keep some of his clothes to change into if he’s ever in a rush for a meeting for a while now so walking into it brings back a weird feeling for Tony.
They work well together, not perfectly or effortlessly but synchronized enough, understanding each other’s moves better than the first time. Steve can see Pepper was right as they wrap up the situation quickly and with very limited damage: being closer to each other has helped them become a better team and that benefits the world. They might not be a family or even real friends, maybe they will never be, but they can become a great squad.
The fight never ends.
And those major feelings mix with a thousand others in his heart: he shouldn’t be alive, not after Thanos, so how can he allow himself that type of happiness again; if things with Pepper didn’t work, if the one person Tony has loved with his whole being wasn’t someone Tony got to keep how can he think he will ever get the opportunity at love once again?
They make it outside just as the ramp settles on the ground and Valkyrie starts walking down and heading speedily towards them. She’s almost right next to them when Thor finally appears on top of the ship’s ramp. He’s moving slowly, hesitantly.
“But Naaaaaaaat.” Tony’s voice is whiny and raspy, his eyelids dropping once again, but he refuses to give up.
“I’ll wait here” Tony concedes.
There’s other times when it feels like they’re climbing an endless mountain and all they’re doing is heading towards inevitable death.
“I just wish…,” Natasha starts saying, but she cuts herself off.
He nods his head at her as a goodbye and starts walking towards the elevator that will take him to his private floors but he abruptly stops in the middle of the foyer when he hears Pepper call out his name again.
And then, he reaches a room that looks different than the rest. This room looks lived in and cared for.  The room is untidy and chaotic in a way that makes Tony feel comfortable, like he’s in his element. Clothes are strewn all around the room, and dozens of books are piled up around Tony.
Rhodey is back by the time Bruce has set to extract Tony’s catheter and it’s only his presence and the knowledge that Rhodey already has too much blackmail material on him that keeps Tony from crying of joy when the damn thing is out and he can go to the bathroom on his own.
Steve thought that if Tony knew Natasha as well as he did he would definitely not want to let her down.
He pulls away only a few seconds later but he leaves his hands resting on Tony’s shoulders. Steve’s eyes can't stop taking in all of Tony and they’re not sure where to focus so they keep moving from Tony’s face to his hands, and then they move back towards Tony’s eyes before looking down at his feet. It’s only after the second time Steve’s looked Tony over -Tony taking all this confusedly but silently and patiently- that Steve notices Tony’s wearing the exact same clothes he was wearing that fateful day in the Helicarrier.
Tony bites his lips when he’s fully positioned.
Steve takes a step to the right and Tony takes it to the left. Tony then takes a step to his right while Steve takes it to his left. And then again. And then a fourth time.
“Yeah,” Pepper yells back. “Everything’s fine.”
But Tony cannot accept that. He can’t. How could he?
“I never said it made sense. Few things about me do,” Tony points out, trying to lighten the situation after his comment. He knows it’s useless but pretending like he still has some semblance of control over the situation makes him feel a tiny bit better. It helps him not hyperventilate or break down crying in any second.
“Why?” Tony repeats the question, unsure.
“You’re not so bad yourself,” Tony murmurs.
“Thank you,” Tony repeats and he knows this time his voice sounds afflicted.
Natasha shocks him when she replies, “Yes, I do.”
“So,” Tony leers, his hands tracing an upwards path through Steve’s torso. “Where were we?”
“You didn’t have to come babysit me,” she says, her voice gruff. It doesn’t sound like she’s been crying, more like she’s been holding back her tears for quite some time.
Tony frowns, confused, but he nods anyway.
It takes a while for Steve and Tony to find the aid that fits them best. Throughout the process there are near misses between them, attempts at quitting and bouts of anger and frustration. Some people would say the difficulties make the positive results that much more rewarding but Tony just thinks hurt is hurt and it’s never pleasant no matter the outcome.
“Bad day?” Steve questions, shifting his weight from one foot to another.
Bruce smiles and takes a seat, his legs bent in front of him and his arms resting comfortably on his knees.
“It wasn’t your fault. Peter’s death wasn’t your fault.”
“Enough!”
There are births and deaths.
Steve’s not completely sure what it is that compels him to talk. Maybe it’s the way Pepper’s and Rhodey’s faces look -sad but proud and a little resigned-. Maybe it’s the way the story is also making him smile. Perhaps it’s the way this is the most comfortable he’s felt in months and the fact that he doesn’t want to lose the feeling yet.
A year ago the United States of America president vanished away in front of a cabinet of his most trusted advisors. A year later the man who was then Vice President holds his place. Not for much longer, however, seeing as how only 2 months ago anticipated elections were announced in response to massive and multitudinous protests all around the country.
But there is a difference in watching Steve walk in during breakfast still unshaved and with his hair a little longer that he’s ever worn it, and knowing he must have gone at least three days without shaving to already have this much beard.
Tony bites his lip for a second and then lets go of it gently and he finally allows a smile to take over his face, giving up on trying to hold it back anymore.
“Steve, you
Steve moves his hand away from Tony’s knee to make a fist and rub at his left eye. The action makes him look years younger than he actually is, it even makes him look a little innocent and small no matter how imposing his wide body actually is.
That was four weeks ago, though, and since then Steve hasn’t even come to ask him how he’s been even if he knows Natasha has been given him regular updates on him and Tony has been left wondering if he made a misstep somewhere or if this is Steve’s way of letting him know the new status quo.
He’s not sure he knows who he is anymore and he has no one around to remind him. Bucky’s gone. Peggy’s alive, but he’s been so afraid to go see her again after the first time he visited her when it only served to break his heart and confuse her mind. Every single one of the Commandos is dead, too.
Maybe this is the moment where they get to be
Tony takes a deep breathe and bites his bottom lip right in the middle of it as he holds the air inside his lungs for as long as he can.
Iron Man was one of Earth’s greatest defenders right until the end and maybe that does make Stark something other than a soldier, even something other than a hero. Maybe it makes him immortal in a way, with the way people are making sure to honor him and never forget his sacrifice.
The three pictures look almost identical so he randomly decides on the second one being the best choice to send to his boyfriend, who’s been holed up most of the day in his workshop and who Steve very much wants to see and have dinner with as soon as possible.
Tony’s been wondering all of this time.
“Thanks, FRI.”
“He once almost blew up the entire chemistry building,” Rhodey reminisces. “And I remember him just showing up to our dorm covered in ash and his hair sticking up like a real mad scientist. But he had the biggest grin on his face! I thought the guy was crazy!”
She’s got one of her heels in her hand, the other one still on her left foot, which is lifted in the air from where she was obviously moving to take it off too. Before she can continue with the action she starts laughing heartily.
Tony takes out his own cellphone and gently drops it on Steve’s chest while already unlocking Steve’s screen.
No matter how many times Tony has had panic attacks before he always feels the same staggering fear inside. It never gets easier although he’s now more equipped to deal with them.
But the most important thing Steve has learnt throughout his life in regards to what other people think about him and what he then thinks of himself is that nothing matters to him most that what his loved ones see him as.
“Yes.”
Steve lets out a gasp when Tony’s right thumb accidentally grazes his nipple. Tony stilts his movements for a second before he brings his hands closer to Steve’s pecs and, this time deliberately, he flicks Steve’s nipples with his thumbs. Steve lowers his head, letting it hang between his shoulders, and he swears.
“Tony?”
Natasha is the first one to make her exit after she pronounces those words, walking hurriedly out of the room through the doors that lead to the outside yard.
“How are you feeling?” she asks, looking at the screen of the machine displaying his heartbeat and other vital functions before looking back at him.
“We broke up,” Tony confirms.
They don’t make a real point to tell the rest of the residents of the Compound, but it’s only because they don’t really have time for it. The day after their first kiss, Natasha is having breakfast with them in the kitchen and she announces her congratulations in the middle of Tony’s rant about the last book he read. By the end of that week, every one of their co-habitants has expressed their knowledge about their relationship in one way of another.
Tony deflates, not having really been angry, and he sighs, uncrossing his arms and placing his hands on Steve’s arms around him. He closes his eyes and enjoys the warmth that Steve seems to constantly radiate. Being near Steve always works for slowing down his thoughts and letting go of anxieties.
It probably makes him a terrible person -it
Or you lose.
“Oh,” Tony says. “I did
Sometimes a
“I don’t want to talk about it but I thought you should know.”
He’s calmed down since then and he’s even been able to admit to himself his reaction to Fury’s requests about the Avengers were perhaps too excessive but he hasn't turned his phone back on yet or left the room since his arrival. He’s in no rush to leave and he can for sure do with delaying the inevitable arranging of another meeting with the Director of SHIELD.
His phone buzzes once more in his right hand as his other one is moving back towards his dick.
“I’d actually love to see it,” he replies honestly.
Before, there was an abyss in front of him, only darkness as far as his eyes could see. Nowadays, he finds himself stuck inside a tunnel and his legs feel heavy when he tries to walk, but no matter how small his steps are he slowly but surely gets closer to the light at the end.
With a gentle press of his hand Steve summons Tony’s entire attention to himself.
Rhodey shows him Iron Patriot after he comes to the Tower still in the suit from a mission just recently wrapped up.
“Thanks.”
Another silence stretches all around them and this time Tony can’t find the words to break it. He doesn’t want to push harder because he doesn't know what Steve’s breaking point is for this. But he doesn’t want to leave things in this state, he needs them to finally move forward.
It’s a long affair and Steve attends it for his condition of Captain America, not his being Steve Rogers. In this odd new century that’s all Steve’s mostly been: 90% of the time Captain America, 5% of the time Steve Rogers and the other 5% something still unknown.
“Okay, I’m sorry I mentioned Steve,” she says, not sounding apologetic at all. “But would you answer the question? I’m worried too.”
“I need you to hang tight, Tony. I’m getting you back home but I need you to hang tight just a little longer, okay?”
_______________________________
Today he is tired, and perhaps even a little frustrated.
(Sometimes Tony thinks maybe Peter was just unlucky to have met him at all.)
But the first time Steve tells Tony he loves him is one that Tony will carry with him for the rest of his life. He won’t need to keep count of how many days pass after, because his brain will always automatically know. He won’t need to celebrate it months and years later because the celebration will already be happening in the tingling of his fingers and the warmth in his chest.
It isn't perfect still, neither for them as a group or for them as individuals. It isn't perfect and Tony knows it will never be. This is obvious in the way Thor still spends a lot of his days locked in his room, coming out smelling strongly of booze. It’s obvious in the way Clint is still quick in snapping at them, going for their weak spots and soft tissues. The way Bruce and Natasha dance around each other makes it obvious too, making everyone around them wary of leaving them alone for too long.
Steve just hums and kisses Tony on the temple.
Clint spends only about fifteen minutes in Thor’s room.
Steve raises one of his eyebrows. “He did?”
Steve shakes his head and closes his eyes.
“It’s… Complicated,” Steve answers. “I really am sorry, Tony.”
“I miss my Ma’s cooking,” Steve confesses back. “We never had much but she could create delicacies with anything you gave her.”
That’s when Tony breaks down.
“Thank you, Mr. President,” Steve starts saying as the President retreats and leaves Steve alone at the podium with the microphone. “And thank you for inviting me to speak today. Thank you as well for letting the remaining Avengers participate in this memorial.”
The Tower doesn't feel like home. The team doesn't feel like family. He doesn’t feel like himself at all.
Whatever the reason, his four-day Stark Industries’ business trip to Singapore had felt like an entire year of being away from home. Setting foot in the Compound a mere half hour ago had been like experiencing a long-awaited miracle.
) and leaving Tony’s sight.
One more step. And another.
“We need to talk to Steve and Bruce,” Tony establishes. “Who we are now, this team… No more secrets. And no more not working together.”
The first time they both got there the place looked morose and lugubrious but Tony made sure that from then onwards the place would be fit for them to make a visit every once in a while, employing some staff to take care of its upkeep when they go for a relatively long period of time without stepping foot in it.
There is no need for a one-month anniversary celebration, because their enjoyment comes not from making it one month but from having already previously shared it. There is no need for a three-month anniversary celebration, because Christmas coincides the same day and getting to share that with everyone living in the Compound feels more central to their relationship, anyway.
Steve rolled his eyes at the ridiculous nickname but started to think about it. He looked around the streets that surrounded them, trying to memorize the best hiding places, vantage points and escape routes. For a quick moment his mind wandered to what his life could have been like if he had really decided to join the military like he had planned to do when he was a teenager instead of finally deciding on art school. It was only a fleeting thought, though, gone as quickly as it had appeared, and Steve focused back on the task.
It’s nothing Tony couldn’t have figured out on his own, it’s not an Earth shattering revelation, but it is of major importance just the same.
Tony turns his head back to gaze at him and finds himself more affected by their proximity now.
So little Tony Stark would wear those clothes and he wouldn’t get them dirty, and he’d be very careful about his hair and he would try to keep his hands cleans for more than a few hours, but he hated it. He hated every second of the stiff fabric coming in contact with his skin, and he’d especially despise the feeling of the tight collar of his shirt around his neck, making him feel suffocated, complicating every breath he took.
With Natasha Tony never doubted it would be easy. She is the closest to both Steve and Tony, together and separately, and even on the times one of them has been at their lowest since the Decimation they’ve known they could rely on each other to be there.
He’s not fully smiling but he’s not looking too serious either. The left corner of his lips is slightly turned upwards when he presses down on the camera shutter, once, twice and then a third time.
Steve shakes his head.
Tony opens his eyes and looks down. Even though there’s no light in the room Tony can tell he would only be able to see the crown of her head and her blonde hair if the lights were on.
The joy is fleeting and it always leaves a bitter aftertaste, but Steve helps him with that too. He reminds him there is no shame in being alive and feeling every emotion possible. He reminds him the sorrow doesn’t disappear just because he laughs once. At times Steve tries to tell him maybe he deserves the disappearance of the sorrow, the overtaking of his happiness over the bad, but Tony isn’t yet ready for that so Steve quickly changes the subject every time.
“You need to get dressed, Stevie. Look at all the snow outside!” Bucky signaled vaguely with his hand towards the window.
“I’m sorry,” Steve says, his face so sad it actually makes Tony smile a little.
“Perfect,” Tony preens. “And then second thing… This position is so uncomfortable and your lap looks extremely enticing right now.”
He wakes up disoriented when he feels himself being moved but he’s too groggy to open his eyes fully.
It’s Natasha that comes to Tony’s workshop to announce Bruce’s arrival only two days after Pepper leaves.
Natasha’s response comes in the form of a sweet smile and a proud glint in her eyes. “Very.”
“I thought you were angry,” Steve says.
“Sorry,” Tony says reluctantly, trying to stand up from his position still kneeling on the hardwood floor.
It’s the only word Steve really knows the meaning of.
The correct answer would be that it’s not an issue of time anymore, at least not for them. They’ve got time because, against all odds, they were amongst the survivors. While other people -people that probably believed they had their whole lives ahead of them- ran out of time they’re still here minute after minute and time is a commodity they can’t take for granted.
There are things Tony knows both of them have never said out-loud being confessed. There are things Tony knows neither of them have even dared to think about being discussed.
Tony almost doesn't realize it but his body is moving forward slowly, leaning more and more into Steve. They’re still laying side by side but their faces are now sharing the same pillow.
“Tony.” Steve warns into Tony’s mouth, pronounced more like a puff of air than actual words.
Tony’s known it for weeks now, maybe months. Maybe he knew it years ago and then unlearnt it. Now there is no more ignoring it, no more pretending or pushing it away. It’s here to stay. It’s here to make itself known.
Her hand leaves his face as she starts to move back a little, setting herself fully into her chair once again. This time her posture is more relaxed but there’s still weariness there, set in the subtle frown of her brows and her sad smile.
“I’m sorry.”
“I didn't lie,” Steve remarks resolutely. His right fist hits the wood table emphasizing his point but Tony doesn’t startle.
“Yes, of course,” Steve assures him, rapidly nodding his head.
Tony makes a noise that doesn't really leave his throat. Rhodey turns towards him, one of his eyebrows raised and an inquiring look in his eyes. Tony bites his lip and moves his gaze away from Rhodey’s.
It’s then than Bruce’s skin starts changing color.
It’s on his mind when he spends time with Natasha before they go to bed and Clint joins them for a while. He thinks of Steve sitting next to him, tucking him in with an arm around his shoulder, pulling him close until no air fits between their bodies.
Natasha raises her eyebrows and she looks surprised despite herself.
Maybe he and Steve aren’t so different after all.
Any small trace of contentment and good humor Tony had woken up with completely washes away as FRIDAY names Steve.
Rhodey’s voice interrupts Tony’s thoughts this time.
“I know,” Steve assures him with a nod. “But in my head… In my head I just can’t shake the idea that there was some sort of fate to it. And I know, I know. Fate. What a stupid thing to believe in considering our lives. But what was the point then? What’s the point of us still being here?”
_______________________________
Tony’s hands grab Steve’s face, his unshaved stubble prickly under Tony’s palms and fingertips. Tony doesn't waste any time and he captures Steve’s mouth in a searing kiss. Perhaps the most accurate descriptor for the kiss would be
They don’t get their Christmas miracle but they don’t stop wishing and working for it.
Steve thought he probably did owe her that thank you.
“So what you’re saying is avoiding me was absolutely useless,” Steve states.
He is sure he did not wear Steve’s clothes on purpose and this is the first time it has happened. He is totally, 100% sure.
“You are a real asshole.”
Tony hasn’t seen much of Bruce in the past few weeks. He’s been finishing up some big project on his lab and apart from a few communal dinners and a breakfast shared here or there, Bruce has been a ghost at the Compound.
Tony doesn't say a word through all of Steve’s actions, now stubbornly refusing to break the silence when he was already the one who spoke first and he’s the one who’s actually used the most words out of the two of them.
“Wha— No, I-“ Tony stutters until his shoulders sag down in defeat. “Whatever.”
“Oh,” Steve exhales and the puff of air hits Tony’s thumb hotly.
They haven’t made it to the living room yet when Rhodey scoffs bringing both Pepper’s and Steve’s attention to him.
Tony chooses a little girl this time and brings her confidently to his shoulders. Instead of sitting her on them he instructs her to put her feet on each shoulder and grab the suit’s gauntlets with her hands. The girl’s blonde pigtails sway as Tony moves her around and she looks overjoyed for the whole twenty seconds she’s up there.
“Good night,” Steve says softly as he tilts his head and smiles at him.
Just a last name. Just a word that brings them back a thousand steps into the past, a past they’ve fought hard to rebuild. A past they’re still trying to give meaning too.
FRIDAY’s voice startles Steve enough that his body jumps a little in his seat, moving Tony with him.
“I don’t think there’s any pictures, sorry,” Steve apologizes.
Natasha does need her time alone to process and work through her feelings so she very decidedly and unashamedly kicks them out after half an hour or so of silent companionship.
Steve’s head is lowered and placed between his knees, both of his elbows resting on his knees, his hands behind his head, one of them gripping his hair so tightly Tony’s actually afraid he’ll rip some of it out.
“I told people we’re always trying to do better, to make this world better and that so should they!”
In the middle of everything there’s Tony Stark, in his full Iron Man suit except for the helmet. His face is completely uncovered and he’s wearing a huge, jovial smile. He’s got a small boy in his arms, his forearms to the boy’s stomach and chest, leaving the kid laid down in the air. The boy can’t be older than four years old and he’s got one of his short arms stretched out making a fist, like he’s pretending to fly through clouds in the sky. Tony really is hovering only a few inches from the ground and he’s moving very slowly to create a little bit of movement, making a slight breeze ruffle the boy’s hair.
U and Butterfingers, on their part, couldn't be less interested in art but Steve still checks on their game of tag every once in a while from his position on the floor where his sketching in his own book.
Natasha clears her throat and starts tapping her foot rhythmically.
Throughout his adulthood Tony can admit his eating habits haven’t been as healthy as they should have, much to JARVIS’ annoyance, back in the day. He’s subsisted on mostly precooked meals, sandwiches, ordering from New York’s greasiest restaurants and smoothies.
This time Steve gets up after he speaks and it leaves Steve and Tony facing each other while standing up, a position that could perhaps be felt as aggressive in any other moment but now only serves to make them more receptive to the other, as if standing face to face gives them a better insight into the other’s intentions.
Tony becomes the first person to call Steve a riot in bed. Steve’s been with other people before, a few, not many, and none of them ever had any complaints. The way Tony speaks about it, though, is something Steve will never get used to. The words Tony whispers in his ear when they’re together, the compliments he pronounces as they’re laying in bed panting while they try to catch their breath, are something Steve won’t ever repeat in public.
“And all my children -and yeah go ahead, be smug, they are my children- JARVIS, the bots… they’re smitten, Steven, smitten,” Tony laughs. “You treat them like real people, you care about them. And they care about you back. How could I not start caring a little bit too?”
Hearing Natasha’s voice is a lot more surprising than hearing Rhodey’s.
They don’t say anything, the only audible sound is their breathes, almost perfectly in-sync.
They don’t mention it and they don’t do anything special but Tony knows it makes Bruce feel settled to have them all around him after weeks of mostly alone time. Tony and Bruce have always, after all, been similar in those aspects: loners both by choice and by default but always needing and seeking true connections, always striving for a way to feel truly comfortable surrounded by people and not often finding the way to be.
Tony can’t tell how long they spend in that same position, forehead against forehead, bodies posed together, their hands clasped and resting on Tony’s chest. It feels like minutes and it feels like eons but in no moment does it ever become uncomfortable.
The chapter count has gone from 7 to 8 chapters because of some restructuring I've done. I can't promise this is the final count, we'll have to see.
Thor starts sitting up on the couch and although his eyes aren’t focusing on Tony he’s focusing his attention on him, Tony can tell.
“No, no,” Steve says emphatically. “That isn’t your fault, Tony.”
He just wants to try and minimize the damage he’s doing to himself. He wants to try to come to terms with who he is -one Steve or the other or maybe both or none at all- and he wants to be able to finally feel completely happy that Tony is back. Because now he is but he feels like he can’t focus on it.
At first Tony thinks Steve must be getting ready for a confrontation but then he somehow realizes what triggered it. He’s not sure exactly how he becomes of aware of it, how it is that he knows, but he does know, to his bones, that Steve’s reaction is not because of the fight that he sees approaching.
10 seconds go by, and then 15, and then maybe 20, and Tony and Pepper are still looking into each other’s eyes. No words are exchanged but after so many years they don’t need them anymore to have a conversation.
This is a battle -against guilt, against time, against ghosts and against themselves- that maybe they all need to fight on their own.
“Thank you for telling me, JARVIS,” Steve utters.
“Everything okay?” Tony wonders as he rests his hands on Steve’s shoulders, walking forward a bit so he can place himself between Steve’s thighs. The position makes it so Steve has to look up at him as he thinks back to the picture adorning Tony’s phone screen.
He doesn’t force Tony’s head closer, he just buries his fingers in Tony’s smooth curls and runs circles on Tony’s scalp. The pressure makes Tony moan deeply and the sound awakens an all-consuming heat in Steve, a burn that starts in his veins and travels all through his body.
Their last four days in Rome have probably been Steve’s favorite of their entire tripe even though it’s really difficult to choose because every day felt perfect next to Tony.
As time goes by and the Thor situation gets no closer to being resolved, Bruce, and in turn Natasha, start growing restless and a little snappish.
“Tony?” Steve asks.
Tony’s eyes widen when Steve’s hands move towards the hem of his t-shirt, suddenly remembering his conversation with Natasha. What is Steve going to say about him wearing his clothes? Will he find it weird?
He’s at the bottom of the ocean, drowning, and for a second Tony slips and thinks “
, Natasha told him.
But even if he had shared it, would they have believed him? He saw this coming once and yet no one ever really gave him the time of day.
“I’m really sorry, Tony. I know I didn’t know him like you did but I’m very sorry,” Rhodey laments.
“What’s in the bag?” Tony points to it with a movement of his chin.
“I’ll go talk to him,” she says, and walks away briskly, following Bruce’s previous path.
“Tony—”
Natasha’s cry of “Sam!” was not enough to prevent it and the snowball hit Sam straight in the face. Bucky had been quick enough turning around and caught the action on its entirety. His laugh was the loudest sound in the entire street, going on and on, making it difficult for him to catch a breath.
Tony thinks.
Steve comes to Tony’s room as Tony finishes getting into one of his under-suits. He technically doesn’t need them anymore for the nanites to fit over his skin, but he feels more comfortable getting back into them.
“Steve, you’re being weird,” Tony says, tripping over his own feet because of Steve’s hasty steps. “What is goi—“
The common kitchen is empty, but the coffee pot is already brewing coffee and Tony spares a thought to thank himself for creating such a perfect creature as JARVIS.
The doubts and insecurities are still there, and Tony can’t confidently say a part of him doesn’t believe them. But with his nose touching Steve’s, their hands pressed where Steve’s heart beats rhythmically in his chest, and the feeling of a kiss that wasn’t but will be, Tony closes his eyes as well.
With that simple sentence the calm atmosphere Steve and him had been sharing is utterly destroyed. Steve incorporates in his seat and turns his body around to look directly at him.
“You’re softer, lighter. A little more human,” Natasha says.
“Hey, no,” Tony chastises as he extends his arm to place his hand on Steve’s shoulder. “Don’t say that, I bet Sam didn't think that in the slightest.”
As opposed to the Thor problem, where they at least knew where he was at all times and they had someone to keep them updated as best as they could be, the problem with dealing with Clint was his constant dropping out of the face of the planet, leaving no trace to be followed. It left them adrift most of the time, incapable of forming a plan between themselves to deal with Clint when it seemed like Clint didn't want to be dealt with.
And so Tony and Steve spend the day together in a home also inhabited by a Norse God and an ex-spy/archer who don’t make themselves known or seen in hours upon hours.
He’s about to call out for JARVIS again, to try one last time just in case everything’s been a misunderstanding when a projection pops up right in front of him.
That’s where the sadness comes from: the thought that maybe Pepper and Rhodey were right, that maybe Steve and Tony really could have been something great.
They were friends before, good friends, and Tony wants to do everything in his power to bring that back and gift Pepper -and himself- that small miracle.
His hands ache and he has to constantly flex his fingers just to be sure he still has mobility in them. His feet hurt when he spends more than 30 minutes on them and his entire legs tingle unpleasantly  no matter how much he massages them. But the worst part of it all are the headaches. They’ve been getting progressively worse and they make it unbearable to even try and think.
This is the moment Steve finally turns his body completely and faces Tony. It feels like this is when, at last, Steve opens himself up during this whole evening, since the conversation in the kitchen to this moment happening right here and now. He was closed-off before, Tony knew, but it’s only obvious just how much he was holding himself back now that the dam has opened and all of Steve is pouring out.
He’s the leader of the Avengers and that means becoming the prominent face for them too.
They only take a couple of steps each before they find the other blocking their path. The hallways in the Tower aren’t narrow but it feels like they’re trapping Steve at the moment, so close to Tony their chests are touching.
Tony moves to pick up the piece of paper they’ve using to play paper football from the floor and returns to his place in front of Nebula.
When her eyes open again a tear escapes the corner of her left eye and starts making a slow descent down the side of her face.
This development though, the one that happens as Natasha visits his workshop this time, Tony is one hundred percent certain has happened because of the Thor situation and he knows it must haven been eating away at Natasha for a while.
June starts off rainy and chilly, like summer is refusing to even hint itself. But by the second week of the month the Avengers living at the Compound find themselves needing to turn on the AC more often than not. Heat and humidity -and the weather in general- aren’t what they used to be before the Decimation happened.
Pepper uses him as an excuse to bow out of the party early and takes him to a hamburger joint in the middle of Harlem that only serves two types of burgers but over twenty-five types of milkshakes.
He shares his breakfast with Bruce before Bruce leaves the Compound, headed to Sri Lanka for some international humanitarian conference that he’s participating in.
And because he is the leader he makes the call, the one no one wants to make but they all know is necessary.
“He hadn’t been outside in months before we came here,” Valkyrie comments.
As Tony grew and things changed, he learnt to love some aspects of his life better and he dealt with the resentment for others in ways that although not healthy, at times proved to be successful. One thing Tony never learnt to love and never tried to deal with further than complaining about it was his hatred for formal wear.
“You weren’t paying any attention, were you?” Steve asks.
“Being up there,” he tries to explain, wanting to be honest but needing to keep it light, more for her sake than his. “It wasn’t easy.”
Tony raises his eyebrows in surprise when he hears the comment and the action doesn't go unnoticed by Natasha.
Tony’s not surprised by this but he is surprised by the sadness that grows at the thought of Nebula going away.
Steve lets out a grunt so deep and indecent it almost makes Tony choke on a gulp of coffee. He recovers quickly though and he puts down his mug to pick one for Steve.
And Tony doesn’t doubt it for a second, that these three people truly just want whatever it is that will make him the happiest and that they will support him through it all.
“Like what? What questions?” Steve asks.
Steve thinks it’s funny and sweet that Tony is always so excited to share Steve’s little hobby with him even if he knows there’s a certain air of ridiculousness to it, as Bucky and Sam always make sure to remind him.
He lets a couple of seconds pass and, as his fingers move towards the piece of paper, he deliberately hits it incorrectly, making it fly a little too far to the left, missing Nebula’s goal post by a wide stretch.
“JARVIS? Everything okay?”
There’s nothing more important than doing right by the people he loves.
They take a plunge into the sea and the other one is always there already, swimming and ready to act as a life-saver if necessary.)
“Yeah, sweetie, you’re not exactly being subtle,” she says and it makes him groan.
Steve opens his mouth to speak but Tony is quicker than him.
“It’s so good to see you, Mr. Stark!”
“Did you tell him? That we want him to come here?” Natasha asks.
His eyes are settled on Tony and he looks expectant, like Tony owes him an answer, like he’s sure he will give it.
Steve feels even worse then because Tony is completely right about that and it’s something Steve’s learn about Pepper and Rhodey both during their friendship.
It seems like treading lightly has just gone out the window.
Tony rolls his eyes and pronounces fondly, “Yes, doofus, it is. And today I’m actually wearing my own pants but lately I’ve been finding myself wearing your clothes more and more often.”
“I… I’m really sorry.” Steve’s voice was shaky and low. He truly didn’t know what to say but he did know he needed to apologize and make sure the man knew it had been an accident. “Really, I am. Sorry. Very sorry. I’m very sorry.”
Definitely not God, because Tony stopped believing in things like that a long time ago and Thor is way too worried about other things to be creating these challenges that only serve to make Tony’s life more difficult.
Tony’s response comes in the form of a breathtaking kiss, his feet pushing at Steve’s underwear to get it off him and his arms wrapping around Steve’s neck.
When Tony picks up the Captain America shield it feels both heavier and lighter than it has ever been before.
“Hey,” he mumbles, avoiding Tony’s eyes. “ Good morning.”
The video-conference finishes and not much progress has been made, so a date for a second meeting has to be set. Tony’s right leg bounces up and down as possibilities are discussed and finally an agreement is reached. He’s going out of his mind, his heart trying to leave his chest, as if desperate to go in search for Steve.
Steve shakes his head against the pillow. “It’s okay. I didn’t want to be alone and I wasn’t. You were there.”
Steve wants to ask, but he stays silent as Tony continues to speak.
,” Steve murmurs, prolonging the second vowel sound. “No, no, of course. You can… I mean… I’d like you to wait here so I don’t have to be alone after. That’s what I meant. Not that you should come into the shower. I mean, obviously you’ve already showered. Not that if you hadn’t I would’ve—”
Rhodey sighs behind Tony and Tony takes a step towards the right of Natasha again so he can stop giving his back to Rhodey and instead can look him in the eye.
“This goodbye video is so terrible, oh my god. I’m sorry for this too. I just wanted to let everyone know that it’s okay, that I’m fine. Whenever you guys receive this -
“Sorry for interrupting,” Tony says as he walks closer to Steve. He stops once he’s only a few feet away from him, enough so that Butterfingers can wheel back and forth between them as they speak.
“You’re a menace.”, is what Tony says.
“We don’t know that, Steve,” Tony whispers. “We don’t.”
Tony isn’t sure, at first.
Pre-Afghanistan, he’d wear suits, lean and expensive suits that hugged his form and screamed to the world the power he could have over them. He’d wear suits during meetings and parties and personal affairs because in a way, they felt like an armor. They’d protect him and create a barrier between his real self and the persona everyone saw. In the suits there was arrogance, confidence and charisma, out of them he was just Tony.
Nowadays, he is able to remember perfectly everything that happens at night inside his head, better than he’s ever been to. Every morning when he wakes up the scenes are still reeling through his head and different moments and instances assault him throughout his day. Whispers of known voices, recognizable faces looking back at him, feelings that transport him back to illusory realities his state of rest creates.
Tony thinks the worst times might be when a dream that would in no way fit the kid’s presence rearranges itself so that with no warning he’s there and Tony always feels a genuine sense of surprise, no matter how used to it he should be by now.
“Hey,” Steve greets Tony.
It takes about 20 seconds for Steve to raise his head a little bit from where he had been looking at the floor and Tony thinks this is probably the best moment to make his presence known. Steve seems a little more alert than only seconds before and that’s what gets Tony acting.
Okay, so Thor
It’s not as raw and devastating as his breakdown when Tony finally broke the truth to him, but even then there was something unsettling about the way Steve was tiptoeing around his words and actions.
Little by little Steve has grown used to his presence all around the Tower and his awe about JARVIS’ existence has turned into gratitude for him many times.
If it wasn’t for the sound of Steve’s sobs Tony could have thought he was alone in the room.
Distance in space seems daunting. Space is vast. They’ve been floating aimlessly for about 20 days and it never seems to end. Every part of it ends up looking the same to him. He knows they pass several celestial bodies -constellations, uninhibited planets. comets- and yet it’s like they’re moving through a black vast desert.
Anyway, I hope you all enjoy the new chapter. I would love to know your thoughts on it!
Tony’s face looks blank and any other person would have taken the accepted the comment but Steve reminds himself that he knows Tony, or at least he knows how much his creations mean to him.
Tony moves his hands away from where they were still held in Steve’s, lightly nudging him in the abs so Steve moves a couple steps back and leaves room for Tony to turn his body around and leave it facing Steve.
“We all want to believe that we can make it happen but it’s been a year and Bruce and I haven’t gotten any closer,” Tony confesses for the first time out loud. He’s known this for a while, as has Bruce. As has Natasha, even if she hasn’t talked about it either. Tony didn’t know Steve was so deep in denial. “Nebula, Rocket and Carol haven’t found anything that can help us either.”
“How did you know what to do?” Steve wonders, realizing now JARVIS was very quick to react and perfectly capable of handling the situation.
Being back from space reminds Tony of being back from Afghanistan. A stranger in his own land.
Pepper starts moving, pulling away from him enough so that she can rest her head next to his on the pillow and look him in the eye but not enough so that they have to untangle their legs.
It’s heartbreaking and devastating. It’s also settled and relaxed.
It makes things a lot more difficult for Tony. He’d rationally known Steve would realize something had changed sooner rather than later, but he hadn’t really counted on having to live with the guilt this brings him.
After that there are a million more things to do.
Tony has always been able to admit that part of the blame resided on him.
This is probably the first time Tony’s said Steve’s name and it shouldn’t matter as much as it does but there’s something that feels transcendental about it.
“What do you want me to say?” Tony asks.
His left hand grabs Steve’s right one and before Steve’s expression can even change back from the worry so clearly drawn there, Tony slams the reactor harshly against Steve’s hand.
“Well, things are not good for SI right now but it looks like she’ll be able to manage it and we’ll survive,” he announces. “Which isn’t surprising if you think about it. I mean, us rich folks are worst that cockroaches, right? We’re always going to be thriving while the common folks end up always being the ones suffering.”
It truly does. Every time Tony leaves scratches down the slope of Steve’s back Steve can’t help but stare at them in the mirror when they’re done until he can almost see them fading away rapidly due to his advanced healing.
Clint scoffed, “Your pride has taken worse hits, Stark.”
“That’s because the man has no self-preservation instincts,” Rhodey says back but Steve isn't looking at him.
Tony’s eyes fill with tears and he thinks about reaching forward and putting a hand on Steve’s back but he doesn't do it.
“I’m going to come if we don’t stop this soon,” Tony announces into Steve’s lips.
“Hey, hey.”
When Bruce looks into his eyes Tony can see so many of the things he’s thinking reflected back at him.
He agrees because he’s been itching and dreading to get back in the suit since Bruce gave the okay.
Steve shakes his head, amused, and gestures magnanimously towards the ice cream, letting Tony continue eating from it first. The ice cream is a little more melted now, not as perfect in density as it was before, but Tony doesn't even notice that much. And the part of him that does notice doesn't care. He’d even consider saying it was worth it, if pressed.
They eat while they talk about everything and nothing, laughing and chewing and drinking water in between sentences and bites.
