“A bloke? Yeah.”
“I’m so sorry.”
“Only if Mycroft has to come too,” Sherlock shouted, but Mummy had already rung off. Hmpf, Sherlock thought sulkily, though he had the vague sense that he was being a little ridiculous. It wasn’t as though he were going to
“Oh, Valentine’s Day,” Sherlock said, relieved at the prospect of not having to take Lestrade out for a pint.
“What about you? Why didn’t you get out when you could?”
“Sorry to disappoint you, but I’m afraid you’ve missed your chance,” Sherlock said. “I’m bonded.”
The morning of the tea party Sherlock woke feeling bored and irritable. He was, in fact, so irritable that he almost felt as he did in the day or so leading up to his heat, but that was ridiculous: he wasn’t due for another month. Sherlock knew perfectly well that his crankiness was due to the knowledge that John would be driving him, all the way to Lady Smallwood’s estate on the outskirts of London. He was not looking forward to it. Even the fact that Cook had returned and he got a real lunch instead of soup did not cheer him up; he wasn’t the least bit hungry.
John was laughing. “You’re going to have to tell me about that one.”
“You were timing?’ John said, amused. He flopped back down on the bed next to Sherlock.
“Yeah. I don’t know if it was getting clean or if what happened to him was bad enough that he got scared off, but there’s never been any hint since then.”
“Ha!” Sherlock cried. He danced around the little temple, crowing in triumph, as John sat on the bank and laughed at him. “I beat you to the island, I can finally, finally beat you at a race!”
Three minutes. Nothing. John started moving toward the doors and the taxi stand, texting as he went.
John woke, shivering. It took him a moment to realize that he had not dreamed the wind--a cool updraft was blowing into his room from the west window on the far side of the barn. “Finally,” John muttered. He pulled up the covers for the first time in days. As he drifted off to sleep, he heard the first raindrops pattering on the roof.
John got his head up to look. Sherlock had been pushed down across the bed, his wrists gripped by the fair-haired man and his nightshirt rucked up to his waist. His drawers were gone and he was looking up at John in utter terror. Behind him stood Tank, who had hauled up his own shirt to reveal his jutting prick, and who now spat into his hand as he kicked Sherlock’s legs apart.
Moriarty’s smile slipped a little. “My decision.”
“No need,” Sherlock said. He drank down the rest of the whisky in one go, hoping his hands didn’t tremble too obviously. “Let’s go.”
over then, is it,” Moriarty said softly. His eyes were lit with a dark, soulless glee.
“I don’t know…I don’t even understand normal relationships, let alone this one. Does it?” Sherlock scraped the bottom of the dish.  Then he sat and fidgeted with his spoon until John finally got the hint.
John, thinking it Lord Sherrinford’s voice, whipped around so quickly his spine snapped as he straightened. He stopped short, staring. Was that
The startling information Young Tom had given him haunted John for the next several days. He remembered a few incidents in the past--things overheard but not understood, jokes he had not caught--that were now clear. Mostly, though, he tried to get his mind around it. Men actually did that? On purpose?
“Sherlock,” John said patiently, “get out of the range before John hits
“I think it’s a parsnip peeling that’s been boiled to death and came back as a ghost.”
“Owen,” John said and then “Oh shit, I need to ring him—
“How are they doing it and how did you find out?” John asked, eyebrows up. He had had time to become suspicious of Sherlock’s fatigue.
the jolt. John’s eyes flew open and he gasped “Paxton Road,” felt shampoo run into his eyes, ducked quickly under the spray, and leaped out of the shower, crashed dripping wet into the lounge and shouted, “
“What do you mean? You were here, you heard it all when I did—she gave you the memory stick, not me.”
“No, you’re right there,” Molly agreed. She collected supplies and said, “All right, put your arm on the bench—are these your best veins then?”
“About so tall, very slim, fair with blue eyes. She is not curvy but has lovely features and even teeth, and she smiles with the confidence of a woman who knows every man’s attention is hers, do you understand what I mean?”
That February was mostly a blur, afterwards; he was never able to remember anything clearly but exhaustion and gut-clenching worry. He’d never been so sleep-deprived, even in training—at least in training he was only required to stay up all night every third night, but it seemed infants had no such limits. He slept for only brief stretches, broken fragments from which he woke red-eyed and sluggish. The knowledge that Sherlock was out there somewhere—he hoped—alone, maybe hurt, maybe suffering, burned in his stomach like acid. Mary barely seemed to notice his distraction. She was just as exhausted as he was, in addition to being hormonal and, as she said miserably, “leaky”: oozing tears, breast milk, God-knew-what-horrifying-female-effluvia on those giant sanitary pads he kept being sent out to replenish.
“John,” Sherlock whispered.
“Now look—“ Lestrade began but somewhat to Sherlock’s surprise Watson cut him off: “Let’s hear him out. Brother Bathsheba, you want to talk us through it?”
(See the end of the chapter for
dead. Or rather, Jim is dead. This will be his successor, announcing his coronation. Moriarty 2.0, you might say.”
“Good, I suppose,” Tilly said, shrugging. She looked quite different, with her hair literally down: a line of tiny dimples ringed her ear—old piercings—and he could see where the hair past her shoulders was dry and brittle; she’d had to dye it back to its original color. Effie’s hair on the other hand was surprisingly lovely, long and thick and the color of golden syrup. “They were all pissed, so I supposed that’s a good time.”
Sherlock tilted his head, curious. She couldn’t possibly…“How do you mean?”
Purging the lounge was surprisingly cathartic. He made three huge piles--rubbish, recycling, possibly classified material best left to Mycroft—and shoved them all out to the landing. He washed more tea mugs than he’d been aware he even owned and cleared the litter of candy wrappers away from under the desk. Under the table, Sherlock found the game he’d played with Mycroft a few weeks ago and he carefully packed all the pieces away, returning the box to the cupboard with the others: Cluedo, Operation, Risk—Mycroft loved that one—Chinese Checkers. For a moment Sherlock paused, running a finger over the boxes. Mycroft had given him the board games for Christmas, just before he turned fifteen. The rest of that year was a dark blank in his memory, like North Korea on a satellite map, but he remembered the games.
“Well, if you’re going to row any more, I hope you’ll keep your voices down,” she said sternly. “I’m missing my programmes.”
“My name is Sherlock Holmes.”
“When he finished he went to wash as he always did. I switched the memory sticks as quickly as I could but he came out before I could get away from the bed, so…I was sick on the floor.” Sherlock smiled, a tight painful thing. “It was the only thing I could think of to do but I hated it—I kept thinking how angry you would be, that I vomited the only food I had eaten in days. He threw me out, as I expected.”
John winced. “Your teeth are okay. Your nose—“ He prodded as carefully as he could, but Sherlock flinched back for the first time, his good eye watering. “Your nose is broken. It’s not displaced, so it should heal fine, although it may not look exactly the same.”
“No—wait, it’s not mine,” Sherlock said quickly, raising his open hands. “I took it when I escaped, look, it doesn’t even fit—“
Willfen’s face was now pinched so tightly John was surprised he could speak. “You haven’t a shred of proof of anything you just said.”
“All right?” Sherlock called.
Mycroft raised his eyebrows, apparently surprised by the question. “To keep my promise to my brother, of course.”
“Owen Davies.”
“They hurt, but not as much as my hands,” Sherlock said. “At least I don’t burn myself anymore.”
“I don’t want to be in a book,” Sherlock said in alarm.
Sherlock himself was far too happy to sleep. He wrapped himself entirely around John, as though trying to absorb him through his skin, and beamed into the dark. John! Here, with Sherlock, naked! After all of his searching and questing, the thing he needed most in the world had been right in front of him all along.
“You’re visiting Lord and Lady Merton,” Archie said quietly as he pulled the car up. “Daniel and Kate. Kate is your second cousin once removed.”
Moriarty waved this aside. “Oh, darling, we sorted that
After she’d checked to be sure he was entirely healed and sent him to urinate on a stick, Dr. Sawyer sat down in the chair, looked him in the eye, and said, “I’m afraid the heat was unsuccessful.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“We’ve no more morphine,” Mike said grimly. “The head nurse has already sent an appeal to the patrons, but for now we’re getting by with laudanum for those who can drink. Sister thinks Dr. Woodcourt has some stowed in his office for emergencies, though, and she reckons this is an emergency, so she’s gone to hunt for it.”
“Who gives a shit? Get him locked up, the boss will want to talk to him later.”
“But maybe you could solve even more,” John parried. “It could give you an edge. I’m sure Moriarty’s had loads of sex.” John would have also bet money that Moriarty got most of his dating inspirations straight off “Game of Thrones,” but no sense giving Sherlock ideas.
“There we are,” the nurse said, smiling. “Enjoy that, and I’ll bring you some warm milk in a bit to help you sleep.”
rather pleasant. The sun was bright and warm, the buildings picturesque…he was bored already. Sherlock found a small shop and bought a fizzy drink, then wandered the beach for a while. He liked the beach. It reminded him of some of the more deceptively simple violin pieces: uncluttered yet beautiful, with the waves providing a soft rhythm underneath. He let his mind drift in the thought, the way it did when he was letting a new composition come together.
Georgie nodded, accepting Sherlock’s change of subject. “All right. We’ll get the word out. Now tell us what happened in London.”
“John, do you want to open it?” Mrs. Gregson asked.
“Oh, that was one for the ages,” John gasped finally, wiping his eyes. “A criminal gang of posh sixth formers, all with the same name.”
“Sorry I can’t offer as much variety as Lucy’s,” Sherlock said drily, bringing over a large platter.
“I am not. I feel fine,” Sherlock said indignantly.
and then, when he remembered, thinking even more illogically that it would be John on the line. It wasn’t, of course; it was Michael.
Julie giggled into her wine. “Bastard. You know I shot him in the arse once? I should have aimed more to the center.”
That gave John pause. He stilled. Sherlock looked at him, soft and young in his unfastened white shirt, his hair a wild tangle.
“There you are,” the man said, handing the jar to John. “Finest marmalade you’ll find at any price.”
“Sherlock. Where
“Well.” John said, laughing now, “I suppose I did. All right then, to looking forward.” He lifted his glass to Sherlock and Sherlock, feeling a little silly, touched it with his. John drank and then set his glass down and said, “So what was the story with the snow? When you were in hospital you kept talking about a case that involved snow, of all things.”
“And then there was the one who demanded to be taken to the station at midnight, said he’d rather sit there all night than spend another night under this roof,” Davy added reminiscently.
John blinked awake. It seemed to be morning, but the cloudy light was so diffuse that it was hard to be sure. He was lying on the sofa with a terrific crick in his neck.
“So he let you in and told you to lock the door when you leave. And you walk down the corridor to the stage, and there I am. I’ve just walked offstage.”
Sherlock got to his feet quickly, if a little awkwardly, and took her hand. “Trevor. You look very well.” It was true: he’d been expecting her to look older, for one thing, but even so Trevor had the sort of fortunate coloring that would age almost imperceptibly. The pearls, silk blouse, all the same, but: “You’ve changed your hair!” Her hair was not noticeably shorter, but it was subtly angled on one side so that it no longer fell across her face.
“Oh, she was going to cry anyway. Please, Sherlock. My sister is halfway to hammered and my wife is snapping at me because apparently her Spanx are killing her, whatever the hell that means, and the baby is having a meltdown and I was really hoping they’d all clear off and Mary and Lily would have a kip and you and me could just go for a pint.”
“Jesus,” John gasped, supporting himself on one trembling arm. “We should do that more often.”
“Oh my God,” Julie said. She sat down on the closed toilet and dropped her head between her legs. Relief made her shaky and a little giddy. “Seriously? He’s dead? How?”
Sherlock closed his eyes, feeling the heavy grittiness of the lids. He had arrived at the moment he’d been putting off for two days: the point where he had to decide whether to take the drugs, or crash.
“Yes.” Sherlock raised his eyebrows:
“No,” John said, very sharply, very quietly. “
“Jesus,” John said, staring. “The chief superintendent is on Moriarty’s payroll? I just thought he was an idiot!”
“What?” Sherlock drew back, nose wrinkling. “I said I’d bond with you, not marry you. I’ve had enough of being given away in churches to last the rest of my life.”
“What?”
“But—“ Sherlock began and then trailed off. As a newly minted student of history he should have seen this coming: the rights that omegas like the Mother Superior had insisted upon back when the order was established had been granted by alphas, and alphas could take them away. Separate but equal was never equal.
Mr. Margolis was more than willing to wait. He was a pasty, middle-aged man with sad hound-dog eyes made even droopier by worry, and he told his story in a few minutes: only daughter in her first year at Cambridge, not answering calls or texts. No boyfriend; some friends whose names he had heard--Jessica, Hunter—but her father did not know their last names or their mobile numbers. He had called the university and been assured his daughter was surely fine and would call in a day or so. Someone had checked her room and asked around, but apparently there was nothing out of order.
They lapsed into silence again. Distantly, Sherlock heard the downstairs clock chime two.
Apparently he would. “Just doing my job, sir.”
“But John,” Sherlock wheedled. “It’s making me so aroused to think about, look.”
John slicked himself, hissing at the cold touch of the lube, and dropped the bottle. Done with hesitation, he guided the head to Sherlock’s loosened entrance and pushed slowly in. The tight grip of Sherlock’s body—shockingly hot without a condom--was the most blissful thing he had ever felt. “Fuck, fuck,” John gasped, now shaking himself, leaning over Sherlock and clutching hard to keep from thrusting wildly. Sherlock clenched around him, tensing a little for all his bravado, and that helped John to focus. He looked down their joined bodies, at Sherlock with his back curved and legs spread wide for John to take him, John
“No, please, John, do not disturb yourself,” Lord Mycroft said, touching John’s shoulder. He actually looked slightly distressed. “My father very much regrets that he could not be here to thank you personally also, but he has been called urgently back to London. I do not wish to impede your rest and recovery in any way, but the doctor said that you were able to receive visitors.”
“You’re mad,” John said in disbelief. “You’re the most gorgeous thing on earth. The most amazing thing I’ve ever seen. Your neck is so long and your eyes are so blue and it’s all just...beautiful.”
“Everything all right?” Jonathan asked him. “What did Talbert want you for?”
“To the limited mind perhaps not. Fortunately for Mr. Collinsworth’s legacy, I possess an unlimited mind. Who had the case?”
“Of course you verified my credentials with Detective Inspector Lestrade, as well as my extensive knowledge of London’s seedier neighborhoods. You phoned John, we met today—now—and have arranged to visit the most likely neighborhoods tomorrow night, to locate Moran’s victims and persuade them to swear out a complaint.”
John grinned. “I wondered that too. I’m betting on the kidnapped banker. High profile, getting a lot of press.” He tossed Sherlock the front page.
“Oh yeah? Are you going someplace warmer?”
Matthew breathed deeply a few times and dragged his sleeve across his face. He sniffed and drew himself up to face Sherlock. His eyes were brittle with despair.
Sherlock slept a great deal. John worried about depression, a little, but Sherlock was his usual self otherwise: stroppy and bored. Well, almost his usual self--to John, the only thing more adorable than Sherlock's tentative attempts at expressing affection was his transparent joy when they were reciprocated. He seemed to find it easiest when they were in his bed, holding John's hand or curled against him, dozing as though on an extended post-case crash. John decided he needed the sleep. Sherlock had been through a lot, no matter how much he pretended otherwise; he needed time to heal. John didn't mind this a bit. He was so ridiculously infatuated that lying on Sherlock's bed watching him sleep was fairly high on his list of favorite activities too. It was like an extremely chaste honeymoon.
John went for the next round of drinks. Standing at the bar, he resisted the temptation as long as he could before turning to look back at the table. From this angle, he could see Moran, rather than Sherlock. Moran was still leaning forward but no longer gesturing; his face was intent as he spoke. Maybe he had just moved on to expressing his feelings about Benjamin Britten, but somehow John doubted it. As John stared, Sherlock suddenly set his glass down so sharply that John saw it slop onto the table. He leaned forward, his back to John, saying something that made Moran’s eyes narrow.
“I’m going to stay. Read up on these, do some research online, show up at visiting hours every day whether he sees me or not. Be here.”
. I’m tired now, I’m going to sleep. Is there a screen you can bring for my bed? I don’t like to think of all these men’s eyes on me, now that I’m in my right mind.”
“I suggest that you arrange for someone else to go first,” Dr. Sawyer said very quietly. “Someone you
that had been sarcasm, surely, and besides he’d not used at all when he lived with John—
“Sherlock.”
Mycroft in a pub was almost entertaining enough to be worth an evening out in itself. He turned up his nose at first, but eventually he found some obscure beer that he deemed nearly tolerable, cleaned his plate, and beat several comers at darts. It was almost fun. John wouldn’t have been able to enjoy himself if he’d been out with Lestrade—the guilt and fear weighed too heavily on his heart—but it was different with Mycroft, who was as worried as John was.
“Where was it?”
“I’m displeased because they’re loathsome and horrid,” Sherlock said.
“What are you doing here?”
“Hey, where are we going?” Roz asked.
He was on his way out of town on the train the next morning when it occurred to Sherlock to wonder if this could be construed as
Sherlock froze for a heartbeat, blind terror rising up and choking him, but then he dredged up the fury buried beneath it and leaned forward, enunciating very carefully. “Here’s a quote for you:
“You’ll have to talk to the new housekeeper at the Hall when we arrive,” John said now, climbing back into bed beside Sherlock. None of the surviving servants save Callie had stayed on at Sherrinford Hall during Mrs. Wilkes’s tenure, and most were now well established elsewhere. Mrs. Medlock had retired. John was secretly glad of this, since returning to the Hall as a de facto family member in the great house would have been extremely awkward otherwise.
“Wait wait wait, let’s all just hold on a minute,” John intervened. “Miss Reilly, are you saying you’ve been talking to Jim Moriarty? What’s he been telling you?”
Simon had set his torch on the floor near the stairs and now he seemed to be kneeling on the floor. John could hear the low continuous cadence of his voice. The rain slackened, and John could make out the words: some kind of prayer. John breathed in, breathed out, considered praying himself, couldn’t quite think of anything besides Sherlock.
Sherlock sat back and smiled. It reminded John of Irene’s smile, slow and wicked. “I do believe we need a plan,” he said.
“Haven’t you ever--” but of course he hadn’t. It was the pond all over again, John realized: Sherlock had probably never even shared a bedroom before, let alone a narrow bed. “Sorry. You take the bed, I’ll bunk out in the loft.”
“Sherlock, it’s New Year’s Day. There’s not going to be anything on. What are you looking for anyway?”
“I’ll promise you anything you like, just help me up before I flood the whole building.”
But it was a record, since he’d come back.
and he pushed them ruthlessly away, but he couldn’t help glancing back again. Did he look…touchable? Perhaps he did. Sherlock shook his head quickly like a dog throwing off water: it didn’t matter, that was nonsense, he didn’t want to be touched. He turned the cold water on and stepped decisively in the shower.
“Yes, and arrogant, rude, particular, bossy…I can’t imagine him letting someone tie him up and flog him. It’s easier to picture him getting smacked around for running his mouth, honestly.”
John’s eye crinkled warmly through the crack under the door. “Do you know, I’ve only been to France once? And then only to Paris? Maybe we’ll just be tourists for a bit. Lie on the beach.”
John and Sherlock exchanged a quick glance. “How old is Jimmy?” Sherlock asked, and John saw the round-faced boy glance up on hearing him speak—Sherlock had forgotten his accent.
Sherlock was so engrossed he didn’t register John had returned until a hand waved between Sherlock’s face and his book. “Sherlock!”
The kneeling soldier grinned. “We’ve come to take you home.”
“Someone might ask directions,” Hobbes pointed out.
A radio crackled in Angus’s hand and a young voice said, “Georgie’s on his way up. There’s two more behind him.”
Sherlock laughed, a low harsh sound like broken glass. “And how many drinks have you had since we got home? I can’t smoke, but it’s all right for you to drink as much as you like?”
Both maids burst into giggles as Sherlock took another large bite of cake. “Speaking of interesting,” Tilly said, looking at Effie.
John laughed as he stood up, rubbing himself dry quickly and wrapping the thin towel around his waist. Sherlock had already shucked his clothes and now he climbed in, hissing at the touch of the lukewarm water. His skin was red and raw from the constant wet and the lye, and his hands were cracked and bleeding. John frowned, looking down at him in the tub. “I’m going to see if Dr. Woodcourt will give me some salve for you,” he said. “I’ll ask him to tag it and take it to Matron, that way Mr. Brocklehurst can’t say anything against it. I don’t like those sores on your arms.”
Of course he was right. John reached to tangle one hand in his hair, pulling Sherlock’s head around to draw him into a bruising kiss. “None of them were as pretty as you,” he said and Sherlock shivered as John’s mouth claimed his. It was true. John was not trying to pretend Sherlock was really a girl—he was too big and too angular—but the sweet-smelling smoothness of him was undeniably arousing, and the feel of that rough wool skirt pressed against him was lighting a primal fire in John’s gut. He’d envisioned this so often in his younger days he could almost feel the griminess of his sweat-soaked shirt, hear the feral excitement of the other players as they crowded round. In his imagination the girl had been only a faceless blur in a school uniform, moaning his name as he’d pushed her against the wall and shoved in, but Sherlock was real and slender and warm in his arms. He sucked Sherlock’s lower lip between his teeth and bit gently, then mouthed his way down his neck—not sucking hard enough to bruise, but just hard enough to hint at it. John was fully hard now, and when Sherlock began rolling his hips to grind back into his groin John broke off and stepped back.
“Why aren’t you in school, Kit? You were clever. You wanted to go to school.” Lord Sherlock sounded more curious than dismayed: John couldn’t tell if the other boy’s denial had hurt him or not. “It’s your stepfather, isn’t it? He can’t abide the thought of you rising farther than he did, not that that would be hard, it’s a fairly low bar—“
“I never felt comfortable about the sinking of Mr. Lindner’s boat. It did not sit right with me, although there was no evidence that anything happened beyond the storm which he blamed for the loss. So the firm made payment, but because I felt uneasy I looked also at his other policies, and I saw the age of his wife. Now it is possible such a well-to-lady might have plastic surgery and spa treatments as to look so young, but I do not believe so. I was telling about this case, at a meeting, and to my great surprise an adjustor from a different firm had also had a suspicious case involving a young woman. We compared our recollections of her appearance and I am convinced it was the same lady. When I met with her she was blonde and with my friend a ginger, but that is easily managed through dye or hairpieces, do you not think?”
“When I woke up in the hospital tent at the prison camp, my wedding ring was gone. It was listed as one of my crimes at my court-martial: wearing of unauthorized jewelry whilst in uniform. For some reason that pissed me off more than anything.”
They decided to eat first. John got the little stove going and poured a tin of beans into a pot whilst Sherlock fiddled with the radio. He found the correct frequency and listened intently for a few minutes: two voices he didn’t recognize seemed to be discussing a rendezvous, though as they were using codewords for everything he couldn’t be sure what was going on. When they seemed to have wrapped up he pressed the transmitter and said, “Jacobite One, this is Jacobite...” he hesitated over the unfamiliar pronunciation and John leaned over to say, “Taigh-solais.”
“And of course she’ll come to us for a few weeks on her summer holidays.”
Ella was quiet, letting him sit with that a moment. After a bit she asked, “And your brother? What did he believe?”
get wear into the shower.  They had to stay in town several days more—Sherlock had follow up appointments, and the mess at the Reichenbach was still being straightened out—so Mycroft put them up in a luxury suite at his preferred hotel in Geneva.
“The family comes back today. Don’t you remember? Mr. Gregson’s in a state because he says we didn’t get the carriage shined up properly yesterday.”
“Not…Oh God, slow down. Not long. Just until I was hard.”
“Yes.”
John’s head finally cleared and he found himself panting, bent over Sherlock and holding himself up with his elbows on the table. He pushed upright and unwound the belt from his hand, pulling it through the buckle so that Sherlock’s arms thudded limply to his sides. They must have been completely numb, John thought distantly. He tucked himself away, started to turn, then reconsidered and reached around Sherlock to tug his pants and trousers up over his hips. Sherlock’s feet slid, trying to get balanced enough to stand up, but then his knees crumpled and he went down hard, striking his chin on the table edge with enough force that John heard his teeth snap together.
Sherlock bent his head over her hand in a graceful bow, then gave her a sly grin that mirrored Irene’s own. “Please, call me Seven.”
Sherlock made himself stop. He backed up out of sight, checked to be sure the cottage was not in view, and closed his eyes. He took three long, deep breaths, summoning the thought of John he’d held onto earlier: the wind in his hair, his dark blue eyes crinkling in the sun. His smile. The only moment they’d really had together as a couple and now Moriarty wanted to take John from him. Sherlock straightened. The terror receded, pushed down by the cold fury of purpose. They had taken everything from him: his freedom, job, choice, dignity, even his name. They would not take this.
Sherlock nodded agreement. “They’ve made a witch hunt. It’s really quite clever when you think of it--no need to frame anyone when you can convince the people to accuse themselves. I want to see those papers. Let’s go faster, this part of the path is quite straight.”
“The war memorial that’s being built in Regent’s Park. Are you really saying you had nothing to do with Sherlock being chosen to write the music for the dedication ceremony?”
“I’ll call him back tomorrow. I just—today, I just want this to be about us, all right?”
“Thank you,” Sherlock said quietly. Mycroft’s words had brought back the days when he had loved playing with Mycroft, the days when Mycroft had been his whole world. Not that he had any plans to join the chess club. Mycroft had been school champion, which was precisely why Sherlock had never joined.
As though reading his mind, the boat finally slowed, although this sent them slapping up and down harder than ever. Sherlock almost sobbed with relief. He slipped and slid on the wet floor but eventually gained his feet, reaching out blindly to find the door to the hold. The boat slowed further, so that instead of slamming down violently the floor rose and fell beneath him. Sherlock felt a surge of nausea.
“We filmed the whole thing.” Ema Anstruther held up her phone, which showed a still of the three girls ridiculously kitted out in black cat suits, complete with fetching masks and red lipstick. “We got the idea from that movie…the one with Emma Watson.”
Sherlock heard a creak and then a scraping, as though the door had not been opened in some time. Silence except for Cowardly, still breathing a bit fast—fear, Sherlock thought, doing his best to keep his own breathing utterly silent—and shuffling his feet nervously on the narrow catwalk.
John had to swallow a few times. His eyes were stinging, and not from being woken before dawn.
So things went along as usual. The lab results came back and Dimmock rang, sheepishly, to say he’d made the arrest and would always listen to Sherlock in the future (“heard
“The perfect mother,” John said. He looked at Linda Stafford’s radiant face, at the happy child clinging to her neck.
Outside the rain had slackened to a thin mist, and Sherlock made his way briskly to the park, feeling the cold damp air fresh on his face. He should have felt apprehensive, he thought, or sad, or
Helena Madden was dark haired and commanding, nearly as tall as her husband, and just as haughty. “You aren’t DI Lestrade,” she said, frowning.
John was on the phone with a chatty radiologist about a chest X-ray he’d ordered that morning (“can’t be sure but the way it looks on the lateral and with that smoking history…”) when Mary poked her head round the door and gave him a little wave.
“If your sibling is old enough to present, you’d best get them out,” Sherlock said, clipped.
There was a small
“They contacted me some time ago. One of them had been following the discussion of my identification of the unattributed works of Lassus, and they expressed an interest in performing the composition I had done based on his motets.”
Sherlock thought but didn’t say. “Probably. Well, not the bits about Janine. She made up a different story every time and no one ever noticed; they just kept paying her for interviews. She got a house out of it.”
Juliet patted his arm soothingly. “It’s okay. The bankers’ wives usually take a while to get their heads around it too.”
“Knowing Mr. Allen’s real name has enabled us to get much farther tracking his finances than we did several years ago,” Mycroft said, spreading out a number of printouts on the table in his office. “In addition we have been able to establish the extent of his smuggling operations in Northern Ireland, which he kept entirely separate from London.”
“Look.” Tiernan flipped pages and then tapped the poem he wanted with a finger. Sherlock recognized it at once: it was one of the six that made up
“Okay?” John panted.
Sherlock looked over his shoulder. Four sultry young women in low cut evening gowns held fingerboards to their cheeks as though planning to fellate them.
The sky was cloudless, scorched white. He pulled the cloak up to shield his face as he left the drowsing village behind and climbed up into the hills. His retinue and guards would be beside themselves once they realized he was gone, but with any luck he’d be back by nightfall with his quarry in tow.
“You can’t be serious.
matters.” He rubbed Sherlock’s tight back. “Look—if you’d said, ‘I’m knackered, let’s just cuddle’, what did you think would happen?”
“John, wait a moment--I have something for you.” Mrs. Gregson went out into the hallway and returned with a stack of blankets. “It’s gotten quite a bit colder, and I know the stables can be chilly, what with your bed right up against that stone wall.”
“Are you working for the resistance?”
however. “The fact that we did not find a connection certainly does not rule out that one exists. And besides—“
wrong with his mother, Sherlock?”
“I’m allowed to stay up for dinner now,” Sherlock said, fumbling around trying to find John’s hand. He laced their fingers together—his much longer—and drew them up to his chest. “It’s rather more tedious than I thought. Father says you’re to have a gun. Will you let me shoot it?”
“We’d best get a good one then…oh, here it is.”
“That and passing me round the others, you mentioned that several times,” Sherlock added as an afterthought.
you did it,” Donovan interrupted. “You think you did it for John Watson. I heard the whole thing, Maya recorded most of it.” She leaned forward, and even through her cold rage Sherlock thought he detected a thread of satisfaction as she said fiercely, “You’re an idiot. John Watson would have wanted you to fight. Even if you were sure you’d lose, that you’d ruin his life, you should have kept fighting, because as long as you’re alive there’s a chance you can still turn it around.”
“I’m going out,” John said, sticking his head in the lounge. Sherlock was where he’d been for the past few days: hunched over the desk scowling at a stack of crime scene reports Lestrade had apparently got stuck on. “Might be late.”
Her eyes crinkled slightly at Mycroft—almost warmly-- and Sherlock cocked his head, curious, but was distracted when Mycroft said crossly, “But why
Sherlock’s gaze slid away. He nodded once.
John shoved the button into Sherlock’s hand so he could raise the head of the bed and be shouted at properly face-to-face. “That is the stupidest thing you’ve ever said. There is not a damn thing wrong with your brain and the rest is just transport, isn’t that what you always say? And you’ll walk again if you want to, I’ve seen your chart. Even if you can’t Mycroft will buy you the fanciest fucking wheelchair on the planet and it will probably fucking fly so yes, you will work. You could be working right now if you weren’t lying around feeling sorry for yourself.”
“Shh,” John said. He loosened his grip, letting Sherlock fall back into him, and Sherlock yelped as he took John’s full length. John wrapped his arm around Sherlock’s waist and clapped a hand over his mouth. “
He was about to go to Chris’s page when something farther down on the page caught his eye.
“I wouldn’t. My family lived on the grounds of the Chase when I was a lad, so coming here was really my first time away from home too. I’m not saying I cried for a month, but that room by myself took some getting used to.” He remembered the ginger cat, fondly. She had abandoned him over the last summer when Sherlock took up full-time residence in his bed, and produced an astonishingly large litter of orange-and-white kittens in a far corner of the loft some months later. “I like it now though.”
“Tissues. Used. On her table, in her bed, in every bin in every room of the house. She was doing all right at work, but she’d let the birdseed run out and hadn’t mustered the energy to buy more, and she had always kept the bird feeder well stocked. “
“Tell you on the way,” John said, climbing into the front. “Right now we’ve got to get out of London.”
A minute later a thin, hunching girl appeared behind the man and handed over a tiny jar, the sort John remembered getting on airplanes and room service trays. John clocked the bruise on her cheek and the cowering posture, and his dislike of the man increased.
“What?”
“No, I didn’t, and I’ll wager that’s news to Sherlock too,” John said crisply. “Listen, you need to know that he’s done this before. He makes a habit of insinuating himself with pretty young—“
“Oh, I will,” Reilly said. Her expression settled back into its usual cat-watching-a-mousehole smoothness. “Sure you wouldn’t want to fill me on anything else whilst I’m here?”
The boy’s name was Phillipe. His entire extended family—multiple cousins, aunts, uncles, and an imperious
Sherlock smiled, letting the sense of triumph buoy him for a moment, but then the smile faded. “But I’m dead. Aren’t I.”
“What horse is John taking?” Sherlock demanded.
Once Lestrade finally sent the bank records, it took Sherlock less than an hour to identify the nightclub where he believed Daniel Pearson met his supplier. Now he and John had only to return there tonight and identify the dealer.
“Could you tell what sort of accent?”
but what came out was a furious roar: “
changed. Would you really want to be 25 again? Not to mention I would still have that angry-dyke hair.”
“But he was quite the ladies’ man, wasn’t he?’ Sherlock said, desperately trying to wrench the conversation back on track.
“So what are you going to do now?”
“No.” John shook his head. “She was alone, and you were her friend. Sometimes that means more than you know. Sometimes it means everything.”
Sherlock pushed himself upright, looking foggy, and then swung his feet around to prop on the coffee table when John sat next to him. “What took so long? Did you make it from scratch?”
“Is that--”
When Sherlock came back inside Trevor and Mycroft were back in the dining room study, drinking more tea and arguing.
Sherlock budged and John toed off his shoes to slide in next to him. He set a napkin-wrapped bundle on his lap and unfolded it to show a piece of Christmas cake. Sherlock beamed. “Cake! Did you have some?”
“You do indeed,” the Queen said with a spark in her eye. “Welcome home, my Lord. Sir James, we remove you from your office, and we request that you be escorted under guard to answer charges of high treason. If you would call the other guards, Sergeant.”
“Actual crime,” Sherlock said with relish and turned to him. “How do you come to be a guest of the Queen?”
“The cot,” Sherlock said. “The rooms are ready and furnished, except for the cot.”
certainly no claim on them, it’s on to the next lot once we’ve dropped a littler.” She smiled at him, a horrible death’s head smile. “You should have run faster, snowflake.”
A few weeks after her arrival Violet had answered the house phone and a man had asked for Alice. He had called several more times, becoming progressively angrier when told he had the wrong number. Violet had also noticed a man on the road watching the house with binoculars, and reported this to Jessica.
In the car Sherlock looked down at his red-gloved hands folded decorously on the white prayer book and a slow suspicion bloomed in his mind. Back at the house, he nipped upstairs directly he was inside and went to his bed. Without even stopping to take of his cloak and gloves, he held the prayer book upside down and riffled the pages. A scrap of paper fell out.
I graduated with the highest GPA on the team. All that time, basketball protected me, because I was a big shot and so nobody talked about me, but I had to be careful that nobody found out.” He shook his head again. “I thought college would be the end of all that, end of hoops. It is for most guys. That I’d get a great education and then I’d be done, could figure out what I really wanted to do with my life.”
“No, dear, you carry on with the mucking. Tell Mr. Gregson I’ll have John along in a minute.”
John had been rather thinking of a cup of tea and some telly, but he’d never regretted following Sherlock on any of his bonkers tangents, so he drew the curtains. When he turned around Sherlock had removed his shoes and socks—typical, John thought with amusement; he probably didn’t care what anybody on the street saw them doing, he just wanted to get his shoes off without John watching. Even Sherlock found it impossible to look sexy stripping off socks.
“Sorry,” John said as lightly as he could. “It’s late, and I’ve got work tomorrow. Besides, Mary should be back from her book club by now and she’s probably waiting up to tell me about it.”
,” Holmes breathed, sucking at ragged slices of breath already as the doctor moved onto the skin of his throat. “I was beginning to think –
JOHN: Yep.
Sherlock did not answer. He kept his head turned away and his eyes closed, pretending to be asleep, wondering why he felt so empty, until at last he fell asleep for real.
The attractive young lady’s real name turned out to be Angelica Harlow. She was not initially inclined to be cooperative, and Sherlock thought sourly that had the police been left to their own devices she might have charmed her way right out of custody, but after Mycroft strolled into the interrogation room she saw the sense of working with them quite quickly. They were ready to go sooner than Sherlock had dared hope, but then Mycroft insisted on waiting until ten minutes before Anthea was due to leave for a meeting. This was infuriating, but even Sherlock had to acknowledge the sense of it: the last thing they wanted was Anthea going outside the building, which would afford her an opportunity to destroy the phone and possibly give the men Mycroft had waiting the slip.
“Yes. More than once. It goes nowhere, unless you count the time he got a bit snotty and started deducing
Lord Sherrinford made a gracious and blissfully brief speech, thanking everyone for their exemplary service and hoping they had enjoyed the repast, which elicited a great deal of cheering and applause, and then announced, “And now it is my privilege to open the dancing. Mrs. Medlock, if you would do me the great honor?” He held his hand out to the housekeeper, who swept an elegant curtsey.
to use on Moran.”
Even after six weeks in London, John had not tired of walking the streets and seeing all the sights: the people, the great buildings, the shops selling all manner of things John had never seen. He had vaguely pictured London as a bigger Blastburn, but it was something else entirely. A small part of him still missed the country and always would, but for the first time he understood why Sherlock loved this city so much. At least now he could find his way round without gaping like a bumpkin. Their first days here--cooling his heels in the small but respectable hotel Irene had found where Sherlock had written their forged letters of introduction, ordered their clothing, and arranged their lodging--he had gotten lost so many times that Sherlock had threatened to pin a hospital tag on him.
It will be better next time, Sherlock told himself. I’ll be better. Just like with the blow jobs. And to his own surprise, it did get better. The second time was not so bad, although he didn’t remember much about it—he’d let Rowan talk him into an Ecstasy tablet first. The third time he was able to come when Rowan stroked him afterward, and a few times after that he managed to get himself off with Rowan still inside him. He even grew to enjoy it, since it was easier to delay orgasm until Rowan was getting close, and sometimes Rowan draped himself over Sherlock’s back and wrapped an arm around his waist and it felt like an embrace, being held like that. When it was over, though, Rowan always left: to the bath, the kitchen, the sofa, leaving Sherlock alone with that gnawing feeling of emptiness.
“Emmas” is the most popular reality programme in the country. Ema Anstruther had filmed the whole tea party encounter on her phone, and a clip of Sherlock saying disdainfully “
What with everything that had come after (and the wine), Sherlock had quite forgotten about Effie’s brother. He blinked once, glad that John couldn’t see his face. “Yes?’
“Half,” Sherlock said promptly.
Sherlock bounded into his room from the shower. He was in an excellent mood. Phillipe had got two bicycles from someplace, and they were going to take a picnic and ride up into the hills today. Of course the actual reason for this was to find someplace deserted enough that they could get each other’s clothes off and have as many orgasms as possible, but they’d told their parents they were sightseeing.
“Probably best to start from the beginning,” Sherlock said, pushing his plate away. “My name is Sherlock Holmes. Five months ago I tried to leave the country, but I’d left it rather late, and only made it as far as Ireland before the borders closed. I was apprehended and returned to England to stand trial for treason. The trial lasted, oh…” he looked at the ceiling as though trying to remember. “Five minutes? At most. I wasn’t allowed to speak. I was convicted, of course, which meant a death sentence, but as an unbonded omega with no living family I was under the special protection of the Crown. Due to my particular value to the Empire and his Majesty’s clemency, I was instead remanded to the custody of the Royal Order of Ancillae.”
“Keep your eyes and ears open and your mouth shut. That’s the most important. Don’t say anything to anyone, even your mother, or your head will be on a pike on London Bridge. But you’re actually in a position to help a great deal.”
“Oh, you were doing fine,” Sherlock said blithely. From the sound of his voice he was leaning against the wall next to John.
“Good,” Sherlock said fiercely.
“Wait a minute,” Lestrade said, recognition dawning. “Sherlock Holmes? Is that you? Holy Christ, you’ve grown up!”
“Where are we going?”
Lestrade shook his head and launched into a rambling explanation which Sherlock could not hear clearly enough to understand, probably a discussion of the fact that John would kill him but that he, Lestrade, knew John was attending a professional conference and deserved a few days in peace to maintain his credentials before hearing what Sherlock had done. Sherlock didn’t bother to pay attention; the negation was all he needed.
In the end they compromised: John would take the bus to the village and Sherlock would meet him there. This had the considerable advantage that they could then take tea at Lucy’s Tea Room, which they had both come to like. “Not that your tea wasn’t delicious, but I can’t see the ladies keeping you in cake forever,” John said.
John let Tom push him down onto a bale, shaking violently. There was a red haze in front of his eyes.
, John,” Sherlock said in exasperation. “There’s absolutely nothing wrong with my ears. You’ve told me three times today alone.”
“Here, take this. Just a little. Just rinse your mouth, there we go.”
“Hear, hear,” John echoed dutifully, privately thinking they’d be lucky not to be hanged by next Christmas.
fascinating, well one is a lot more interesting than the other but you’ll like the other because it has football, but this one has a locked room and…”
“Moriarty,” Sherlock breathed.  Of course Moriarty would have seen the potential in Trevor’s work, and he certainly wouldn’t have been bothered by the risks.
“He should frighten you,” Jones rumbled. “We’ve been talking to Belfast about Mr. Allen. Nasty piece of work, he is. Locked a teacher in his classroom and set fire to the school.”
Sherlock frowned. “Is that likely? The whole unit, officers and all? I thought soldiers were patriotic, king and country and all that.”
“Early night?”
After, Sherlock saved a few of the things he had learned talking to Simon, and deleted the rest of rehab. Like most things he deleted it wasn’t gone permanently, of course; he just parked it in a distant wing of his mind palace with a framed sign on the door to remind him:
“No dripping,” John smiled. Ned came clattering down from the servant’s bedrooms, wiping his nose.
“I did. And now he tells me that you are reading them aloud?”
Sherlock raised his eyebrows. “And why did you want to see me?”
John glanced over at him and walked on in silence for a moment before he said, “Sherlock, that kid adores you. No one’s ever going to take your place with her; you saved her, and she’ll never forget that.”
Sherlock made a startled sound and for an instant John panicked, but then Sherlock melted against him, mouth opening, clutching at John as though trying to absorb him through his skin. John ran his tongue along Sherlock’s teeth and deepened the kiss, reveling in the sensation of Sherlock’s tongue against his, his soft lips and quickening pulse. They had slept together every night without so much as a proper embrace; Sherlock had just been too battered, and John was determined to let him set the pace. But now it felt as though every lustful thought he’d avoided for the past week was boiling up at once. He threaded his fingers in Sherlock’s hair and slid his other hand down to grip his arse. He was terribly careful not to pull even a little—if Sherlock so much as stiffened John swore to himself he would back off—but Sherlock moaned, tipping his head back to gasp for breath. John had a moment’s gratitude that Sherlock could finally breathe through his nose again before he registered the white, enticing length of Sherlock’s bare throat in front of him and forgot his nose entirely. Sherlock made a breathy sound when John sucked at his throat and gripped John hard, curving his back in a way that both exposed even
John wondered with a distinct sense of amusement how his vague fantasy of a dancer’s arse had been morphed into one in which Sherlock was the centre of attention, but then that was hardly a surprising development. “Where’d I put it then?”
“I want him dead,” Moriarty said in a flat voice. He was sprawled on a sofa, looking sated but still darkly furious.
but then the pressure eased and the man cursed.
“Mummy and Father are relieved to know you’ve returned and Mummy says you’re welcome to convalesce at their house if you like. Don’t make that face, I’ve already told her you’ll be well looked after at Baker Street. They’ll probably insist on visiting but I’ll stall them as long as I can.”
“Never,” John admitted cheerfully.
“It appears,” Mycroft said finally, “That your suspicion was correct. We were able to trace a number of emails to a now defunct address, between someone with ties to Delphi and another party whom we believe to be an agent of the Chinese government. It also appears that a large amount of money was transferred to an offshore numbered account last week. Unfortunately, the precise identity of the person engaging in this highly illegal activity has yet to be determined. We are at something of a dead end.”
“Not quite in his league, I’m afraid,” Sherlock said, giving John a
Molly looked up with a rather stony expression, which melted into shock when she saw his face.
“No.” Sherlock could feel himself blushing and was glad of the dim light. “I had pills, but I don’t know who was giving them to me. Someone put them under the altar rail in the chapel. There was a note in my prayer book…I’ve never managed to work out who it was.”
,” he said loudly, and the music paused.
“Ah.”
Holmes leaned forward conspiratorially, left his arm in Watson’s grip. “I have already said, dear woman, that we are here to help you. My friend here is Doctor Watson.
And of course, there was Mary’s video.
John cuts himself off, because he can barely stand to hear the words he’s saying, let alone continue saying them. He’s told Sherlock, he’s not
That was the end for Watson; he came, hot and hard over Holmes’s hand with his mind spiralling and breath evaporating. He was extremely present in his body, helpless to the pulls of streaking pleasure shooting down his spine and Holmes rocking against him. He clutched at Holmes, gasping raggedly, hot open mouth snagging on Holmes’s temple.
“You’re wonderful with Rosie,” John mumbles to Sherlock’s chest instead of anything else, noting how close they are when he can feel the warmth of his own breath bouncing back to him. “God, she’s going to adore you when she’s older.”
“My dear lady,” Holmes said eventually, and rested a hand on her elbow. She looked up at him with wide eyes, terrified, and Watson could now see the red-rimmed quality that Holmes had already picked up on. “We are here to help, and we are
could have escaped the fact that I am utterly, helplessly dedicated to you and you alone.” He swallowed. “My mind and body. There is no question.”
Sherlock straightens and looks at John, and something wonderful happens in his eyes, to his face, when he sees John’s expression, a sort of magic trick that is dependent on the light and makes John feel as though he is luminescent. Sherlock steps immediately closer, into John’s space, drawn forward.
Damn Holmes. He always, always knew.
Watson’s mouth suddenly felt full of ash. “That’s,” he uttered, and then paused, collecting himself. “Will I be able to help? The ill, I mean?”
Watson just barely stopped himself from rolling his eyes.
He recalls the brief smile that’d overtaken his face when he’d heard those words from Mary – her blessing, literally, and even though she’d shot the man once John would be lying if he said he wasn’t grateful for the go ahead.
Watson tried for words of his own and found none, absolutely devastated, holding onto the man beneath him as though he would die if he did not. Their hips locked together, brazen and the sharp side of perfect, and Holmes’s breath stuttered.
Their lips moved together with a soft sound and Watson kept adjusting his grip, losing his hand up to the wrist in inky curls, and his mouth was numb already and it was bloody brilliant, champagne and medicine and a bright flare like he had gambled absolutely everything and gained twice as much back against all the odds on this earth. The detective shifted and the line of movement ran along both of their bodies in an arresting roll.
“Convenience, yes, Watson, convenience.” Holmes began sweeping around the room and examining things seemingly at random. Here, he intently studied the silver dish upon which the food had arrived; there, he licked at a notebook cover before sniffing deeply at its counterpart pen. All the while, his mouth ran like water:
. So please, do not shy away from us, do not lie, do not conceal. We only wish to ensure Colin’s good health.”
“And to think!” Lady Luxemburg said, quite horrified. “I have to go through it all again with this recent crime.”
“It’s simply not
“’Tis too early and too hopeful for humour so black, my friend,” Watson said not unkindly, and Holmes spared him an amused glance with weighted eyes, smirk bending his mouth. The expression scraped the inside of Watson’s stomach and he shifted calmly, tugging on the edges of his coat.
“Then good heavens, Holmes, why on earth did it take you this long to act upon it?”
do to ensure that happens again.”
Lady Luxemburg shook her husband’s hand off her shoulder. “Nonsense, Edmund, I’m fine. No medication will be required, thank you Doctor.”
“Our, ah, our tea will be getting cold.” He sneaks a glance, can’t help it, and Sherlock smiles the instant their eyes meet. He looks like he’s blushing and John abruptly feels like a teenager, self-conscious and foolhardy. “Some crap telly, then?”
THE END
“State one good reason I should allow you to further accost me,” Watson said, before Holmes could assert something terribly cocky and inarguably charming, and he stole a glance of the detective from beneath his eyelashes. Holmes’s profile was obscured, hard to divine where the slope of his collarbone and shoulder ended and darkness began, and that was only fitting.
He walks over. “Swap? I’ll make the tea.”
“You’ll forgive the oversight of my wife, I’m sure; she’s suffering from one too many blows at the moment.” His grey eyes rested on Watson, and his mouth twitched in a smile. “You’re a medical man, good sir; I do believe she’s in shock, yes?”
, as did every other ordinary human being on this earth, and the fact that his flatting companion was as extraordinary as they came was not going to stop him from gaining his allotted eight hours of blessed unconsciousness.
. The doctor dragged a heavy hand down the centre of Holmes’s bare chest, chasing the hard lines and angles that were the results of constant activity, wishing to feel them beneath his tongue.
“Is he-” Holmes swallowed, the stony set of his expression betrayed in the intensity of his eyes. “He is recovering, yes? He is taking to the tonics?”
The sickness was due to extended exposure to, and inhalation of, decaying corpses, Watson ruled after a few minutes’ examination and a rundown of the man’s symptoms. Quite simple and yet, quite deadly, and he spent the greater part of the next six hours concocting tonics for the illness and the pain, sending Mrs Andrews on ingredient runs when required with her pockets jammed full of Holmes’s money.
to figure it out, Watson. This was a puzzle to be completed by you or not at all.”
John Watson, most junior of Her Majesty’s clerks, sat at his desk in the bowels of Number Ten Downing Street frowning down at the document he had just laboriously copied. Was that word spelt correctly? It somehow did not look right. He reached for his pocket dictionary, realizing he was absently stroking his mustache again and snatching his hand back quickly. They all hated the mustache—Sherlock especially—but even Sherlock admitted it made him look older. Sherlock’s own attempt at whiskers had resulted only in a sparse gingerish dusting, which he had shaved off in an enraged fury after Irene mistook it for dirt.
The lawyer’s name was Lauren Aronson. She was remarkably short, even in her admirably crafted five-inch heels, which might not have been as noticeable if Michael were not so remarkably tall. There were three other men in the conference room: a nervous young idiot who was clearly some sort of forgettable underling, a middle aged man who could not have looked more like police if he had been flashing a badge—obviously the investigator—and an elfin pensioner in a natty three piece suit, whom Sherlock couldn’t identify at all.
Mycroft just looked at him and John said. “Right. Hence the ventilator. How soon are you moving him?”
“Yes, thank you,” Sherlock said in his sweetest voice. “Why did you kill Alpesh Shah? Obviously he was trying to blackmail you, but wouldn’t it have been far simpler just to agree to pay him off and then stall until you could get out of the country?”
Sherlock didn’t even answer him, which was unsurprising, so John just said, “Tea and sugar in the kitchenette, milk in the fridge,” and went to bed. He woke around four and heard Sherlock muttering away in the other room; John heard his own name, but everything else was indistinguishable. Once he would have got up, thinking Sherlock needed him, but now he knew better, so he just rolled over and went back to sleep.
“Oh no, you’re not. I’ve had to drive him in twice to get steroid injections. He can barely manage to walk these days.”
“Yeah, I know.” Owen deflated, all the heat draining from his voice. “I’ve already been informed in no uncertain terms that He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named is not my problem. Word is Mycroft Holmes is pulling him in for questioning.”
They looked at each other and burst out laughing at the same time, and then John said, “You tell. You’ll make a better story of it.”
“Check again. Wayne Ellis rented a storage unit that measured ten by twenty feet. This is only ten by ten.”
“With an i-e. At least it’s not Emma. I’ve the home address too.”
Rodriguez hit the phone, disconnecting her, and quickly pressed another number. “This is Special Agent Rodriguez with the FBI, I need Lieutenant Marcus, yes, that’s fine.” He looked up from the phone. “I’m getting the Houston police. He can’t have been gone more than a minute. Yeah. Deion? Mike. Listen, I need some guys in a hurry, I’ve got a serial killer running…yeah. Wayne Ellis, probably leaving his workplace right now, driving…” he felt in his pocket, making a frustrated face.
“Shovel threw Sebastian?” John asked in genuine surprise.
John did not realize he was digging his nails into his palms until he had to pry his cramped fingers apart to get the tea. He consoled himself with the thought that if all went as planned, they would be out of this place in a week, and they would never have to deal with Gruner again. Or with the head clerk, who took his tea and immediately handed John a fresh stack of documents to copy, all of which looked even more boring than the ship reports.
Sherlock scoffed. “Most of those would be obvious, and they’d be easy to find on a post mortem.” James was not the only one fascinated by poisons.
“I know.”
The office was a utilitarian drab room somewhat enlivened by the dead woman lying face down over the desk. “Hmmm,” Sherlock said, stepping over to examine a collection of brooms and mops that stood in the corner of the office. “Now, why would these be here instead of in the broom cupboard?” He raised his eyebrows at Lestrade.
John looked at his watch, calculated. “Maybe, or maybe you’re just knackered. All right, let’s have a look.”
For a few minutes Sherlock just lay there, quivering with cold and residual adrenaline, before common sense got him to his feet. Of course he hadn’t brought any towels or dry clothing, so he needed to get back up to shelter before he froze his bollocks off. Clambering up the rickety wooden staircase Sherlock realized, improbably, that he was giggling: shock, maybe, or just the wild exhilaration that the water hadn’t beaten him, he was alive.
“Mycroft tells me nothing unless I ask. He seems to think I’m not ready for information if I don’t request it, but how am I to know what to request?”
Sherlock limped back to the front door—mostly for show, his foot didn’t really hurt—and was outside before Watson had even got out of the car.
“That’s…that’s really quite good,” he said, unwillingly impressed. Forget homeless network; what he needed was a teenaged girl network. How had Mycroft not caught onto this? Vapid self-absorption was the perfect cover for surveillance.
John maintained his polite poker face until they reached the street, where he collapsed against the railing in a fit of helpless giggles. Sherlock, still feeling as though the event had not quite gone as planned, scowled for a few minutes before giving in and joining him.
Mrs. Gregson had said long ago--Callie had left just before dawn; there would have been frost. The others had come out for morning chores at precisely the right moment to see the clear evidence of their transgression before the sun melted it away.
“What?” Sherlock was astonished. “But that’s not safe, he’s known here—“
“How long have you worked for him?”
“Almost,” Sherlock said, looking shifty.
“Well, I wouldn’t have much of a chance ordinarily, but the field’s rather narrow—they’re giving preference to veterans, and the person who brought this to my attention had already made inquiries and been told that field work for the intelligence service would be considered acceptable.” Sherlock was fidgeting a bit now, not meeting John’s eye.
Left alone, Sherlock and Lestrade looked at each other for a brief moment before Lestrade said, “I’m sorry. About all this. I thought you’d got out, but then I heard through the grapevine about you being here a while back. I know Pitts from back at the Met; he’s…”
When they’d all got settled with their tea and dispensed with John’s effusive praise of Hobbes, Donovan said to Sherlock, “I had a call from your mum. She’s coming up to take us to tea Saturday.”
have laid a hand on you in anger and I never will again--we have to agree on that, Sherlock; if one of us is angry we have to cool off first. You know I have a temper; I’m not proud of it, and I try to control it, but I couldn’t live with myself if I really hurt you. Okay? Everything else is on the table, but not that.”
He was soon too busy to worry about Sherlock. The hospital was big and full to bursting, and Molly barely had time to show them around before they were put to work.
your body.” He slid his slick hand over the head of Sherlock’s cock, pumping him lightly several times so that Sherlock tightened his grip on the headboard and shivered with the effort of holding still.
stupid enough to be the sort who stored his passwords on a bit of paper cellotaped to his drawer, Sherlock thought hopefully.
“So we know how he does it,” Ryan said, looking back into the bloodstained room. “But Planet Baby is a huge corporation, and we still don’t know who.”
jealousy, he kept sternly reminding himself.  At the top of the stairs Pip turned, gave John a wink, and disappeared off down the hall.
“Ah, you’re awake! How are you feeling?”
In the morning when Minchin shouted them all out of bed John was deeply grateful their bed was on the ground when he fell off, but less so when he tried to scramble to his feet. His ribs and jaw felt bruised and tender, and Sherlock winced sympathetically at his black eye. Sherlock’s wrists were black-and-blue as well. John wondered grimly if their new friends might have changed their minds now that their own bruises had set in, but when they arrived at breakfast Tank unceremoniously turfed some of his hangers-on further down the bench.
“Ah,” Sherlock gasped. His hand was already flying and John began to count as he pounded into him: one, two, three, four, five...on the ninth thrust he felt Sherlock’s body begin to clench rhythmically and on the tenth John gave it all he had, aiming straight for his most sensitive angle and making Sherlock howl as his cock jerked and spurted. Again, again, and then he held Sherlock’s hips still and rocked as Sherlock shuddered his way through the aftershocks. John thought he could practically come just from watching him. He wanted to memorize every detail: the flush on his cheeks and neck, the sweaty tangle of curls, the arch of his back, the utter sensory overload of his silky skin and the warm velvet of his mouth and arse. I will never stop wanting this, John thought in vague bemusement, and then he put his head down and went at it. He didn’t keep count this time, but he came in a matter of seconds, groaning as he came so deep he could practically see it through Sherlock’s concave belly.
“Oh, come now, Mr. Harmon. You’re clearly intelligent, and back then you were at the top of your game. You hadn’t been arrested in years—not arrested and got off, like Kelly Lewis, because you were paying off Beerman; you never got
Sherlock was faster, already around and blocking his way again. “Yes, you are,” he said. He dropped to his knees and grasped at John’s trousers on both sides, opening his mouth to breathe a long hot breath over John’s crotch. Shit. John felt a hot surge of arousal, heightened by the sight of Sherlock’s dark curls bent over his groin.
“Listen, love, you‘re safe, don’t panic,”  the familiar Irish voice said quickly. “Everything’s fine. I just wanted to tell you…Moriarty’s dead. Really, definitely dead. There’s no doubt.”
Going through the phone records was even more tedious than Sherlock remembered, but his good mood persisted, and it was pleasant having a bit of company again. When evening closed in Sherlock lit the fire and Hobbes made more tea, humming her way about the kitchen in a manner that for once seemed familiar instead of irritating. There were no calls to Regal Florist, as Sherlock had expected, so the real work began.
It wouldn’t have been; offing a celebrity like Tyler Austin was such an excellent opportunity they’d likely have done it for free. Sherlock glanced over to see what John was making of this, caught the empty chair, and felt a flash of vicious self-loathing.
Sherlock looked up. “Sorry?”
Three days later, however, the Boffin Bill project had begun to lose its charm. John dropped a particularly illegible notebook to the table, pinched his forehead with his fingers and thumb, and thought wistfully of a surgery full of norovirus. He had the beginnings of a headache, Boffin Bill had become progressively barmier with time, and they hadn’t turned up anything incriminating all day. There had been a brief flurry of excitement when Boffin Bill had appeared to declare that he had concocted a drug which doubled resting metabolism and meant to sell it as an illegal diet aid, but it turned out that he had simply misused
“Oh,” Sherlock said, suddenly remembering. “No, there’s no cake, we ate it all. Effie! You need her, she could be very useful for you, very good observer, not as good as me but nobody is, and I know how you can get her on your side—her brother’s gone missing, a soldier, in the Colonies, sounds as though he’s MIA but perhaps the Army knows what happened and they’re covering it up, so if you can find out—“
There was a collective exhale and John heard the rustling of dozens of boys settling themselves into bed. Their own cot swayed alarmingly, and John hoped devoutly he wouldn’t be woken in the night by it crashing to the floor. He heard the creak of bedsprings somewhere and turned to tuck himself along Sherlock’s back as he always did, but Sherlock abruptly rolled over and flung himself, shaking, into John’s arms, clutching at him as he had the day Angelo left.
—and then pulled back before he lost control completely. He reached forward and fisted his hand in Sherlock’s hair, pulling him up and around for a kiss, Jesus, fuck, this was—this was all his fantasies and then some, Sherlock on his knees, his luscious arse pressed against John, John’s hand in his soft hair, and now Sherlock was sucking on his tongue and moaning for John to fuck him.
“Wha—oh, right,” she said, understanding. “Not John though?”
“Ah.”
The clerk laughed. “That bad? Those diagrams are fairly helpful, but it really comes down to two things: preparation and lubrication. You can’t overdo either. And condoms, obviously. Every time no matter what.”
Someone at work had told John about a Chinese restaurant in Harrogate that was located in the old Royal Baths, and a little research on the internet informed him that it had excellent dim sum, so that was where they had headed this week. Sherlock led the way inside, hobbling precariously but with his head high and shoulders confident. John lagged behind, not wanting to crowd him. He wondered uneasily if Sherlock might be getting slower. Still, he had set forth with no visible sign of anxiety, and John decided to feel optimistic about that side of things.
“Nearly eight. Come on, you can shave whilst I shower; we’re going to breakfast.”
Sherlock felt the corner of his mouth quirk up. “Perfectly understandable.”
, read everything they ever wrote about you. Man…” he shook his head. “Was all that real?”
“I know. I don’t want you to.”
“Oh of course, Moriarty arranged his retirement in the first place, didn’t he? That was his entrée into the Malavita.”
Wanda Earles gave up trying to tug the paint out of Sherlock’s hands and burst into tears. “What if he leaves me?”
The doctor was pleased too. “You’re getting on very well,” he told John. “ Another day or so and we will open the curtains a bit, hmmm? Don’t want to rush things. Eyes all right?”
Eventually they came to a curve in the road in an area of gently rolling turf, meadows and pasture spreading in all directions. Lord Sherlock pulled his horse to a halt and turned, rather stiffly, to John. “I want to go to a pond—it’s about a mile away, that direction.” He pointed over the smooth grass.  “You’ll see the trees around it when you get closer. I wish to gallop there, but I give you my word I will wait for you at the pond and not try to leave before you catch up.”
John understood this to mean that if Mary, like Garrison, had been a double-crossing deceitful piece of shit, he never would have known she’d survived.
But he always calmed in John’s arms, was warmed and soothed, found his bearings again. He’d stopped wearing his knife after that last night in the tower. In January they had begun going to London, to have dinner at Angelo’s and stop the night in Baker Street, where Mrs. Hudson made splendid desserts and shrieked at Sherlock’s hair, and Lestrade had come around casually with a few case files—“Just in case you’ve a bit of downtime; I know you’re busy with the music. Are you going to keep your hair like that?”
Which left John. The problem was that without him to hold the mattress end in place, there was nothing to stop it sliding out as soon as his weight was off the windowsill. Well, he’d just have to move fast. John climbed up on the bedframe and into the window, keeping his knees on the sill as long as possible, and looked over to see Sherlock leaning out with his hands outstretched.
When John spotted Sherlock hovering in the doorway looking tense, his first thought was that Sherlock had finally lost his mind and was about to drag John off for a grope in a cupboard. He glared.
None of it meant much to John, but it didn’t matter. This is his work now, he thought, looking at Sherlock’s illuminated face as he went on about some sixteenth-century composer John had never heard of. It wasn’t a life he could have imagined for Sherlock back when they lived together, but it was something that engaged him, something he could do. For now at least, John thought, stubbornly optimistic. Sherlock was obviously making progress: he was out in a tearoom—in a corner with his back to the wall, true, and he jolted and lost his train of thought a few times when something was dropped in the back or a deaf old man shouted at his wife, but he was able to recover. He was too skinny and his eyes were too shadowed and he stiffened when the waitress leaned over him, but he could work and he could laugh and he could be with John, at least for now.
It wasn’t Mrs. Hudson locking up, it was Sebastian Moran. Sebastian Moran was in his flat. He hit the disconnect button to silence the tiny sound of Owen’s voice and stood stock still for a moment, trying not to breathe. Nothing. The flat was silent. John picked up his phone and texted rapidly,
Sherlock blinked, eyes coming into focus, then turned without a word and left the room. They all followed him as he paced through the house: nursery, kitchen, front door. At the door he whipped out his pocket magnifying glass and peered along the jamb. “No sign of forced entry,” he murmured.
“Holmes?” Trevor called.
“Whatever you like. I’m paying, I did win 86 quid at poker, even if it wasn’t enough to get me jam.”
Effie blushed furiously and looked at her lap. “You think so?”
“Stand back there,” the sergeant’s voice said and John answered, “I’m sitting on the bed.”
Sherlock tipped his head and narrowed his eyes. A marketing tool. If Planet Baby was using Facebook…he reached automatically for another laptop and then remembered that he was in the hateful beige hotel with only one laptop at his disposal. He growled in frustration. He needed several, so he could look at the victims’ Facebook pages
“The fetuses,” he said bluntly. “Maybe staged some way, maybe just lined up on a shelf. I accessed his internet shopping records, illegally of course, that’s why I didn’t say anything. He’s bought formaldehyde and glass jars, of the type used to preserve large specimens.”
, I would be grateful.”
“Shh,” Sherlock hissed again. He moved forward as quickly and quietly as possible, making for the far end of the shelter. The ceiling of the cavernous space seemed to lower as they went forward until they finally fetched up at a narrow staircase where the shelter ended.
“Well, start out the same, and you know, deduce. See what makes him breathe faster. You should be able to handle that.”
that was clearly coming. “Oh thank God, thank God.” He breathed out, unclenched his hands, and then straightened up and opened his eyes. “Okay. Tell me the part I won’t like.”
“What’s wrong with your
John was dying to hear Sherlock’s version of all this, and he was not disappointed. Sherlock was so eager to tell John of his brilliance that he slid through the window only minutes after John arrived in his room.
Please. That’s not a name for something like this. This is an omega an alpha would send an army into battle for, would sacrifice anyone who stood in his way of having him.” His eyes were crawling over Sherlock’s face again and Sherlock, pinned, found himself unable to look away. Moriarty’s voice abruptly sharpened. “Change it. I’ll call him Bathsheba.”
Like most people who discovered ACD at an early age, I was fascinated by the Baker Street Irregulars. (Oh, okay, I wanted to BE an Irregular. And I wasn't the only one! Laurie R. King wrote a very successful
John couldn’t resist a whoop. “You
“Oh, I have no worries whatsoever on that score,” Mycroft said. “But be advised that I have expended considerable political capital on this arrangement. This is the best deal you are going to get, little brother. Make the most of it.”
Mycroft gave a long-suffering sigh. “I do actually have professional obligations aside from—“
a tiny voice he thought had been silenced forever whispered,
—but he resolutely pushed it down. The important thing now was to stay out of Moriarty’s clutches, and that meant getting away.
done it, he must have known that Sherlock would see through it.
“Mr. Harmon, nice to see you again,” Junior Lawyer squeaked.
“Mrs. Hudson,” Sherlock interrupted. The adrenaline was wearing off now; he was beginning to be aware of how much he still hurt. “Who was meant to be in my room?”
Sherlock’s shirt had slipped down and puddled around his elbows. John reached out, gripped a bare shoulder, and shook gently. Sherlock hummed a little, eyes still closed, and John rolled his own eyes, unable to help smiling. He reached out and gently stroked Sherlock’s hair off his forehead, smoothing it back even as it fell forward again.
“Hang on, how—“ John started and Angus interrupted: “I’ve a bonnie smuggler’s van that ye can take to Mallaig. It’s what I use to bring the lassies here to go up the mountain. No one will know ye’ve an omega at all.”
John sighed. He could not possibly tell Sholto about this, nor anyone else, not if he wanted to live. He just had to hope that Sherlock really was clever enough to come up with a plan that would get them both out of here. John curled his hand against his chest, remembering the tips of those long fingers against his. The softness of his skin when John touched his face. What would his hair feel like, tangled around John’s fingers? The skin of his back under John’s hands?
“Why has this so caught your interest?” Watson inquired, the carriage bumping along the dusty roads and knocking against cobblestone. The smog was ample outside, too thick to spy through and the sunlight too early to cut through it, and so Watson settled himself to watch his companion. Holmes was little more than a shadow on the seat, a vibrating bundle of coats and the sharp angle of ceaselessly shifting hands, and Watson’s gaze was arrested helplessly. “You generally fancy your endeavours to be a trifle more… perilous. The details you have described for me paint a picture of Scotland Yard saving the young one. Is this not merely-”
realise.”
“Oh yes?”
It didn’t come.
THE END
. He knows what that means – he’s known ever since he met Sherlock, known something there, between them, was new and different and precisely the only thing he’d ever want to think about again.
“Grievances? Oh, Doctor, what of our
Watson inclined his head, wondering if there was any point in inquiring how Holmes had gathered these clues. He opened his mouth, but Holmes was in the mood to speak in paragraphs, barely pausing for breath, the skin of his cheeks flushed a beautiful colour and his eyes huge flitting obsidians.
Watson thought he heard the whisper of Holmes’s violin bow on strings, and he hurriedly barrelled onward, “Would you stop that
“Are you alright? The kettle’s boiled and you’re taking longer than usual.”
“Incentive?” Watson murmured, glancing down before his eyes were inescapably drawn upward again. The detective painted a sharp contrast in the muted yellow light, shock of black hair and black slacks and black eyes pressed against skin and shirt the colour of the moon. Watson thought that if Holmes was near him, he needn’t ever look to the sky.
Watson pulled away from him, aghast. “Holmes! We are in their dwellings; please
“You had to have noticed, old boy, it’s almost a physical aroma, a tangible sense in the air. Someone on this estate is in grief, true grief, hurting like their own heart has been skewered.” He met Watson’s eyes briefly before running a finger down the length of the hearth. “So convenience, yes, because as well as grief there is a genuine odour of cheap medicine, amateur remedies that will not work and thus have been accepted out of desperation. We are looking for someone nearly stripped of all money and whose lover or family member is gravely ill.”
They each moved with more intensity every moment, gritty friction and Holmes’s perfect grip, perfect slide and perfect pressure. Holmes fused their mouths together and then ripped away, attacked the doctor’s throat and moaned, “By heaven, Watson, I should like to go to my knees for you.”
Sherlock brushes Rosie’s hair from her forehead, his long pale fingers so gentle with her. John catches Sherlock’s fascinated smile before he breathes, “There we go. You mustn’t be keeping your father tonight, Rosie, he is in need of a well-deserved rest. Our tea will get cold.”
“We should go.”
“Well, I say,” he sighed, raising his eyebrows lazily. “What a repulsive duo.”
At one point into the night Holmes grabbed Watson’s arm and pulled him close, so Mrs Andrews could not hear his hushed voice.
Watson pushed back to look at Holmes’s face, which was lightly red and bright as the sun itself, and he smiled so wide it hurt.
“Not here,” Angus said briefly.
because it was John. John who knew him for real, a hundred percent; Sherlock had been his best self with Michael but with John he could be his real self and John would still want him, would travel across an ocean and half a country to kiss him.
Anneke put her hands on her hips. “You think that we are stupid?”
Miss Lister,” Sherlock said, wondering if he had begun to look a little deranged. “I need to know.” He really didn’t. Truthfully, he didn’t even care, but Aimee Lister cared, and he needed her to think he sympathized.
Moriarty was gone. When he came back John was still sitting against the wall, apparently trying to recover enough to get up.
Well, thought Sherlock as he waved them through. Well.
Sherlock stayed quiet a minute but she didn’t go on, so he asked, “Did you ever confront him?”
“Well?”
“You approved her shooting me?” Sherlock said, outraged.
“I’m a bit under the weather,” John told him. “Spring cold, I suppose. Thought it’d be best if I stay back today, so you go on in my place.”
“No, who do you really work for.”
“I am already proud,” Mirzayev said, beaming at him. He put his hand on Sherlock’s head in blessing and kissed his forehead.
John grinned and Sherlock could actually feel the warmth of it on his face, feel the tenderness in John’s smile. “Yeah. It is.”
“Not my case,” Lestrade said. He sounded as though he were chewing something.
Sherlock’s eyes slowly opened. He seemed to remember he was supposed to breathe. “What—“ his voice squeaked and cracked and he stopped, blinked a few dozen times in rapid succession, and then started again. “What are you doing?”
from thinking about being wheeled off to surgery in a bit.” John put his hands on either side of Sherlock’s face. “Now listen. I’m going to be right here when you wake up, and when it’s all over, you’ll be able to walk without pain.”
“Was that necessary?”
“Omegas?” Sherlock asked.
“Do you know him?”
“I was a detective. You?”
She heard a sharp hiss of breath and then Moriarty said “Put the lasers on.”
“And tell Stephen…”John hesitated. “Tell him I don’t know when I’ll be back, and to be careful.”
” Sherlock gasped, arms spread, back curving. "Yours, oh,
Trevor was back in the study when Sherlock returned, looking more refreshed and eating a sandwich whilst she flipped through the newspaper. “What do I need to do?” Sherlock asked.
Sherlock nodded, thinking hard. After a bit he glanced up and said, “Guardian Singh fancies you.”
“Two reasons,” Wiggins said. He reached back into his jacket and pulled out a small plastic card, with a magnetic strip on one side and a clip attached, the sort of ID badge someone might wear at work. He turned the badge so Sherlock could see the front, and for the first time Sherlock felt a cold trickle of fear: the badge was John’s.
“Whatever Moriarty’s after, it isn’t British domination in the western hemisphere. He couldn’t give a toss,” Sherlock said. “But opening up trade with the West Indies…you’re right. It’s a public relations victory. He’s back on the ascendancy again.”
They were quiet a while, lying in each other’s arms.
Sherlock set his own half-finished plate aside as the programme ended and went to the kitchen. “Tea?” he called.
John pushed in, not trying to be slow or gentle but plunging in a single long thrust until he was buried as deeply as he could go. Jesus, Sherlock felt good, stretched open and slippery and yielding under him. John pulled out almost all the way and teased him for a bit, rocking just the head of his cock in and out in a quick shallow motion that soon had Sherlock panting and shoving back against him. “You haven’t got long, remember,” Sherlock managed, bucking back in a fruitless effort to get more of John inside him.
. Definitely not. A gift. A gift would be good; gifts were always good, weren’t they? Sherlock felt obscurely that John should have a gift. It seemed to him that John was due some sort of…compensation? Bonus? Dowry? After all, Sherlock had always assumed he would live out his life alone, whereas John had envisioned settling down, with a family and little house in the ….
“I faint dead away in front of the guards, in other words,” Irene said.
“Sensible not to buy two,” Sherlock agreed.
The door closed and Sherlock heard the key turn in the lock. He sat perfectly still, eyes fixed on the fire, listening to the sounds of the house settling below him. Finally, after everything below had been quiet for some time, he heard footsteps on the back stairs and then overhead, clattering and pausing and occasionally punctuated by the faint bang of a door. Silence descended.
Mrs. Reilly shrugged. “Lay about in bed all day—nothing unusual there, though, and he’d been told he had to rest. Bit mopey, but I hadn’t time to bother with that, I had my work to do. Commander was worried about him, I do know that. He as much said it’s why he proposed marriage, and when that didn’t cheer him up he asked the doctor to come round.”
“The news is on,” Sherlock said, gesturing with his chin to the screen.
The truth was that the memory of the other time stream was already fading, and he wanted to hold onto it just a little longer. Maybe it could only have happened in that particular time stream; maybe it would never have worked out; but for at least one moment in all time, Sherlock had known that John could love him. He wanted to cling to the feeling for as long as he could make it last. He sat in the tiny frozen garden with his arms wrapped around his knees—the January air was cold, and he’d left his coat inside—cherishing the memory even as it drifted away.
“Well,” she said when they’d finished having a laugh, “It’s been lovely talking to you, but I know it’s the middle of the night for you. I’d best let you get back to bed.”
“The gestational age was adjusted several times, most recently after she had a 3-D ultrasound that showed the fetus to be significantly farther along than originally thought.”
“Can this Mycroft Holmes,” said Emma St. Clair, tilting her head as she studied the card, “get us a television deal?”
” he growled.
“Yeah, I wanted to call you on the train, but my phone had died—should’ve taken the charger—and then I had to work the next day. Sorry.”
The young woman sitting in the client chair hadn’t really lost her online-dating boyfriend, of course. Sherlock had worked out her real purpose almost immediately, but John clearly hadn’t; he was still taking notes—he was even doodling possible blog titles now, “Match.Gone”, dear God.  Time to move things along. Sherlock took out his phone.
“Tell you the truth, me neither. Not since college.” Michael was quiet for a moment. “Never called anybody for a second date either.”
“Your daughter. She believed the charges against you, and she’s cut herself off from you.”
“Ah...no,” John admitted, remembering the poker-stiff Lord Mycroft dancing with the cook. “Don’t suppose you’ve got round to it yet either.”
It took a minute for John to realize he was referring to the painkiller John had given him the night before. It seemed like years ago. “Not on an empty stomach.”
Sherlock was quiet, fidgeting restlessly. John said, “Here, wait,” sat up, and reached for their pajamas. Clothed, he gathered Sherlock to his chest and smiled when Sherlock’s fingers twined immediately into his shirt.
Sherlock began rebuilding his mind palace in earnest. No cellars or dungeons anymore; everything was above ground and open to the light. He was composing faster than he could keep up writing it down and some of it—the Redbeard music, the Mycroft music—stayed only in his head. He wrote out the music for Victor though. He bought a bottle of rum, emptied it, and let the bottle dry. Then he rolled the paper tightly and pushed it into the bottle. He set out very early in the kayak, pushing against the wind all the way to the mouth of the fjord where it opened into the great North Sea, and then he threw the bottle with all his might. Perhaps it would take on water and sink; perhaps it would wash ashore a few meters away. Sherlock didn’t stay to watch; he turned the kayak and began paddling back, feeling the sun on his shoulders.
“We’ve enough money now; we don’t need to sell the rest of the wine. As for the money, we’ll see how things are when the time comes to leave. If worse comes to worse I can tell Pip where to find it and he can bring it to us.”
all over again. Look that up if you deleted it.”
“Wake up, pretty boy,” one of them said, mock sing-songing. “The party’s getting a little boring, and it’s time for you to play with us.”
to work with our patient population. Everyone else just says they wouldn’t mind.”
“Did you get everything you needed?”
A glob of spittle struck Sherlock on the cheek. He opened his mouth to say
“Oooooh,” Melanie Mason breathed. “You
“Hah,” she said, rolling her eyes.
Sherlock swallowed. Lestrade had talked to John. John had talked to Lestrade about Sherlock.
The tall man said something John missed but then Sebastian said, “Ah yes. Which of you was my cousin’s special friend?”
The phone rang.
Sherlock shrugged. “May as well. Make it harder for them to split us up.”
All right, Sherlock thought, trying futilely to scrub his streaming nose with his wet sleeve. That’s it. I’m done now. No more crying. The only way out of this is forward.
“Do pigeons have arses?” Sherlock peered into the pan. “I suppose they do. I can scrape it out and disinfect it.”
“My family didn’t approve of my chosen profession either,” Sherlock said. “Not sure how they would have viewed housebreaking, although one must admit the cause is noble.”
“Yes, God yes,” Sherlock panted. His hands were clenched in his hair and his hips were pressing spasmodically into the air. John pulled his fingers out and Sherlock made to roll over, but John stopped him.
“Linda Stafford used to be a customer service representative in a division of special marketing called ‘New Families’,” Sherlock said softly. “There was a number to call if parents had questions about what type of pushchair to buy or how to install a car seat. She worked with Wayne Ellis for years. He must have thought of her immediately when he realized the baby was viable.”
“Yes. He swore he would.” Now Angelo simply looked tired, and ill. “I thought it all square enough. Someone had to be punished for that man’s death; better me than him, with a wife and little ones to look after. And I thought it might count for me, against what I’ve done in my life, though I’ve never killed anyone. But if I could get him to go straight, that’s a soul saved, innit? Thought I could do one good deed that way afore I went. I’ve got no regrets.”
“What are they looking at?”
John did just that and Sherlock almost choked, so caught up in his own fantasy he didn’t realize what was going on until John’s cock was halfway down his throat. “Look at you, you little slut,” John said breathlessly. “Not so prim and proper now, are you? Greedy little cocksucker, just begging for it.” He closed his hand gently over Sherlock’s throat, arousal surging further at the feel of the muscles spasming around John’s prick. Sherlock’s suction was sloppy and uncoordinated, although that was partly due to the fact that he was desperately trying to fuck himself on his own fingers at the same time.
“I’ll do my best…here, sit in the chair.”
John nodded again as though Sherlock had actually answered. “I know you do. I’ve known since the wedding, really, but at the time…and then, well.” He spread his hands, smiling a little sadly. “It took seeing you in that rehab hospital, just giving up, to really get the picture. Because I’ve loved you forever, you know. Since the beginning, even though you said you were married to your work back then, and I thought I wasn’t really into blokes, and I thought you weren’t into…well . I always hoped, a little. But then when you were gone, I kind of gave up, and then…our timing is really shit, isn’t it?” He peered at Sherlock’s dumbstruck face. “Um, let’s be totally clear here. I’m talking about
“Well, not entirely, but from my past experience with law enforcement it might be best if you all assume that I did. Jennifer Levy.” He tacked up a second piece of paper. “We know her husband was having an affair, and she suspected it too—she’d actually hired a private investigator to look into it.”
“Yes,” Sherlock said simply. “You are. Because he is your enemy too, and you don’t have the protection of being dead. Was that his child you were carrying? He is a ruthless man and he will track you down eventually, and you know it.”
“I thought he was straight.”
“Commander Moriarty said….he said he’d be willing to take you off his hands. The Commander’s. He said he’d tell everyone the Commander was doing him a favor, and he would be, because he’d got a taste for male alphas and there were precious few to be had. That he had some pull with the Order and he’d make sure the Commander got a, well, I won’t say it as he did. A new ancilla, a young one. He said they could make a deal that would benefit both of them. The Commander understood that bit all right.”
On the other hand, feather stitching did not exactly take much concentration, and with his hood angled down over his work no one noticed he was listening to the whispering of the others.
“At school, I hope,” Mrs. Hudson said. “You do realize it’s ten o’clock in the morning.”
“The scandal,” moaned Lady Alice Margate.
“Yes, of course, wherever you like,” Sherlock said, looking even more taken aback by the question.
else. Ever.” He stretched decadently, shivering at some little aftershock.
“Yes…”
“I thought I’d been up all night!”
“And I don’t know if I
to find Sherlock dressed in jeans and a hooded sweatshirt, hopping around impatiently.
“I told you,” Ellis said pleasantly. “In a better place.”
Mrs. Hudson’s face sagged with such astonishment that for a moment Sherlock thought she was having a stroke—how dreadfully inconvenient would
“Oh, John,” Mrs. Gregson said, looking up from the table. “Just the one I need. Would you help me bring up some apples from the cellar?”
“Mmmm.” Sherlock was thinking about Sylvie. John had not introduced himself as a doctor, which was probably why she had given him her number; she was obviously a devoted homeopath. Would this issue naturally arise on the first date? He hoped so. If not maybe her opposition to deodorant would do the trick. Sherlock felt better. The smelly vegan was clearly doomed; John was making Welsh rarebit; he had an interesting case. What more did he really need?
Read about
“Keep doing that.” John moved up by Sherlock’s head, taking his own cock in hand and giving it a few long tugs. “Yeah, just like that, they’re getting you warmed up. Now pinch your nipples, that’s right. They’re all standing around you, you’re, er, there’s a bunch of bales of hay piled up that make a sort of platform and you’re on it, all spread out for them. They’ve all got their shirts off, like you said, and their trousers open and they’ve all got their pricks out and they’re huge, they’re all red and swollen and you’ve never seen anything like that before, have you?”
Sherlock buried the pajamas in the bottom of his hamper and took a long hot shower, scrubbing himself until the scent of the soap banished the last lingering aroma of sex in his nostrils. Drying off he caught a glimpse of something in the mirror and turned to see, craning his neck to look at the back of his upper arm. Red marks darkening to bruises. John had left fingerprints on his skin, after all.
Unfortunately, Sherlock appeared no more interested in discussing the matter than he had in the cab. He stalked upstairs, flung off his coat, and paced over to the window, where he stood glaring out into the street. John weighed his options, and decided to wait it out. He plopped himself in his chair.
turned out. I want you here with me. Not because I’m scared you will leave, or because I want you to get up and make me tea in the middle of the night—although I’m not saying that won’t happen—but because I want you. With me. All the time.”
“That must be Father! Let’s beat them back,” Sherlock cried, spurring his horse. John dug in his heels to follow and they shot past the carriage, Sherlock waving and John pulling off his cap. He caught just a glimpse of Lord Sherrinford through the window, a smile on his austere face for the first time in John’s memory. He thought suddenly that it must be a tremendous burden to be the Earl: trying to improve the lot of his own county, convince a reluctant government to spread your ideas for the good of the people throughout the land, put out fires, manage his estate and family. No wonder he always looked so serious.
vomiting quite a lot.”
“Just friends?” Michael said, teasing.
,” muttered Sherlock.
Thanks to the cocaine zinging through his bloodstream the blow did not hurt as much as it should have, but it still knocked Sherlock backward—into the wall, fortunately, or he’d probably have split his skull on the tile floor. He staggered, righting himself, and John grabbed him by the jacket and punched him again. Starbursts exploded across Sherlock’s vision.
Sir James laughed coldly. “Sir, you are a liar. Sherlock Holmes is dead. Your Majesty, this young man is a nobody, a secretary to Percy Phelps.”
Sherlock couldn’t help smiling as well. “I did get a terrific blow job there.”
“Hey,” came John’s listless voice, and then, “What’s—“ He leaned over Sherlock and Sherlock heard him punching at the PCA, jostling the bed, and no matter how he gritted his teeth he couldn’t help whimpering. “Stay right there,” John ordered—as if Sherlock had a choice—and strode out to the hall. John did not raise his voice, but the sharp tone of command was clearly audible all the same: “Get that fucking anesthetist on the line right now and get a verbal order to up the lockout on that fucking PCA. Do you hear me? RIGHT NOW.”
John looked at him, brows knitting, and then at the radio in Sherlock’s hands. “Bonnie Two, could you, er, identify yourself?”
“Make sure we knew our place,” Sherlock said through his teeth, and turned his face away. He did not look at John all the way back to their dorm and was still turned away when they climbed into bed. John perched stiffly on the thin mattress, wary of their new surroundings and Sherlock’s strangeness, as Tank and his mates sauntered up the aisle on their way to their places in the far corner. They all had beds to themselves, John noted, whereas the boys closer to the door were doubled up, as he and Sherlock were.
The third day was Sunday, which was Sherlock’ day for a long run, and usually they would run together as far as the turnoff for John’s gym and later go out for brunch. Sherlock was already in his running clothes when John came down, but John was wearing his regular shoes and jacket—apparently he was just going straight to the gym. Sherlock felt a hot, tight knot of anger and hurt in his chest. Well, fine then. If John didn’t want to be with him, he didn’t want to be with John either. He snatched his keys and phone and slammed off down the stairs.
“I knew something was off the whole time I was talking to him, but I couldn’t put my finger on it. Then when I went to dinner Cressida asked about him. She’d seen us going to my rooms and said he’d been here before, had asked a lot of questions about Sherlock. Of course I saw it then, that he’d just asked to come to my rooms so he could get into the cloister. I came back and listened at the door.”
century, which I have just definitively established to be one of the unknown works of Lassus.”
Malik paid no attention; he had slid his hands under Sherlock’s shirt to span his narrow abdomen. “God, your waist,” he groaned.
“All right,” John said. He looked around, surprised to see the room had emptied out.
“Good night.”
Sherlock’s eyes fluttered and he closed the scant distance between them. John felt the softness of his lips, tasted tea and vanilla, sweetness and warmth. His fingers were still tangled in Sherlock’s hair. They kissed as though the world were ending, because for them, at any time, it might.
“You know why. Because if I don’t I get the tube. I hate the tube.”
When Mirzayev was gone, Sherlock got himself under control and decided that he might as well have a proper shower and get on with getting back on his feet. He collected his things and limped down to the showers, where for the first time since his capture he took a long look at himself in a mirror. He was…unrecognizable. His eyes were still ringed with yellowish bruises, and his nose was definitely not the nose he had been born with. The smaller cut on his cheekbone was healing well, but there was a livid, jagged scar running from the corner of his mouth down toward his jaw. Sherlock already had a good ten days’ worth of stubble, but the very thought of trying to shave around the wound made him flinch. A beard might not be a bad idea anyway. He sighed and turned away.
“Three dead in a pub—well, a bar really—down by the wharfs. Run by Russians, or so we hear. The victims seem to be the Russians. There’s something weird about the place though.”
“Christmas cake?” Mike asked, holding out a cloth. “The seamstress who adopted my sister brought her for a visit, and she brought me cake. Kind of her, wasn’t it? I’m no relation to her at all. I can’t eat all of this and heaven knows I don’t want Mr. Brocklehurst catching me with it.”
The abbess scowled as though Henry had gone into heat just to inconvenience her and conferred in a whisper with Abbess Hester. Sherlock watched this with morbid interest: the only other male in the order was Brother Phillip, who—though impeccably pedigreed—was astonishingly homely. After a moment the abbess announced, “Sister Charlotte”.
Sherlock felt his eyebrows go up, as much as at her tentative tone as at the words themselves. Oh God, what had he gotten himself into? “Yes,” he said in as discouraging a tone as he could muster.
“Be ready,” Lestrade whispered and rose to a half crouch. The lift dinged and a young woman with long blonde hair strode out, pulling a wheeled suitcase. She went straight to the yellow car, put the suitcase in the boot, and plunked herself into the driver’s seat.
, you make me crazy, I want to be inside it like you wouldn’t believe.”
“The painting won’t be any less missing after we find Paolo Fieri either, especially since you say it won’t take half a day,” John countered. Just saying
“Ah, well,” John said, feeling absurdly like a proud dad at a kiddy park. “What about Miles! On the telly, isn’t he?”
John had no idea what to say. His fingers clutched Sherlock’s jacket.
“Puny as ever,” Young Tom said from the basin. John felt a flash of annoyance. He had thought the same thing initially, but now thought of small, slender Sherlock as something delicate to be cherished, not as an aristocratic runt.
“You don’t have to shag him tonight,” John said patiently. “You could just snog him, and then the next time…”
“What? What did he say, Sherlock?”
“Nothing so far.” Donovan was in the garage attendant’s booth, keeping an eye on the pedestrian entrance. They also had police on every exit; Willfen would not slip away a second time. If he showed up. John was beginning to have his doubts too, or maybe he was just bored and claustrophobic after hours crammed into a space the size of a cupboard. He also needed a piss.
Sherlock nodded. He wasn’t the only one who acted against his best interests. “Shall I ring for lunch?”
“It’s all right.” Dr. Woodcourt looked down kindly at John. “I don’t know who your cousin really is--or if he is even your cousin--but it’s been obvious from our first meeting that he was no servant. You should know that it makes no difference to me, or to the care he receives. I will not speak of him to anyone, if that is what worries you.”
“I don’t know if this is good news or bad news,”  Owen said, sounding tired, “But there doesn’t seem to be anything going on in there at all.  I even knocked up the civilians opposite and used thermals, but these building are old enough and thick enough that it’s almost impossible to see much of anything unless they’re in front of a window. Somebody’s definitely home, but there isn’t a lot of activity. I don’t see any sign of trouble, John.”
“Yes. I promise.”
“I’ll make you Welsh rarebit when you come back,” John promised, and Sherlock sighed. He could tell John wanted him to go, although his understanding did not extend to
“I did try. At university. But…” There was so much sadness in that one word, a universe of loneliness. “I got things wrong, and I didn’t like…but I couldn’t explain.”
Sherlock only half-listened as Rhodes went through the course of events; he’d clearly retold it so many times that the story was worn smooth, no new edges to catch hold of. When he’d finished McGinty asked a few follow up questions, absolutely nothing imaginative, just as Sherlock had suspected.
what’s going on? But that’s mad! Sherlock, my friend, he’s so…”
“To stay here,” Sherlock repeated patiently. “You’re both completely obvious. No one is going to talk to me if you’re along.”
“I’m scheduled through the end of December, and I’ll still do those Sundays and Christmas, but after that I’m out,” he told Sarah.
“I told you to shut the fuck up,” Moran whispered.
“Very well. Go on.”
Sherlock sighed, pulled his finger out, and slid his middle finger into the condom alongside it. At least with two fingers it was a bit easier to set up a sort of in-and-out rhythm once Jeff’s body had relaxed around the increase. He pumped away until his wrist began to ache, drizzling more lube on whenever things began to get sticky and letting Jeff occasionally pull him in for another sloppy kiss.
“What about the tox screen?”
He’d ring her when he got back. The nephrologist’s nurse, asking him to reschedule the follow up appointment he’d missed--damn, he had forgotten all about that. Oh well, couldn’t be helped. He had a handful of texts: Mycroft,
” John pulled off quickly, running a soothing hand over Sherlock’s chest and abdomen, which was quivering with arousal.
Sherlock learned his lesson right there in front of the fireplace, and a very merry Christmas was had by all.
“You’re
“You’d love to hit my backside, wouldn’t you?” Sherlock asked. “Look how hard it’s making you right now just thinking about it. You’ll hit me but what you really want is to take out your--”
John had a split second of astonishment that Sherlock had been right--there was an incredible amount of soap--before he sucked in enough air to gasp, “Pip.”
harbor an attraction stronger than friendship. He may as well admit the truth to himself: he wanted Sherlock, was rock hard and desperate thinking about Sherlock, was, in fact, head over heels in love with Sherlock. Who not only had never shown any interest in him, but was at this very moment with another man. John threw his arm over his eyes as though this could block the thought from his brain and considered his aching erection. Could wanking to the thought of Sherlock’s long white neck possibly make him more pathetic than he already was? Because maybe then he could at least get some sleep. Pathetic or not, he knew perfectly well he was going to do it, he thought morosely, so he might as well get on with it before Sherlock turned up and deduced everything.
“If it were a very clean lake or pond. More like a spring. Normally in a freshwater drowning case I’d expect to see a lot more organic debris in the lungs—plant matter and mud and so on—and we didn’t see any of that. But then there wasn’t much water to begin with, so it’s hard to be certain.”
“Do you mind if we go that way?” Sherlock asked.
On the day the wallpaper hangers finished in the lounge, John produced a can of yellow spray paint and, with a deadpan flourish, sprayed a large smiley face on the far wall. Sherlock grinned for the first time in what felt like weeks. “Where’s the revolver?”
Lestrade stopped him with a look. “Nobody has the right to hurt you, Sherlock,” he said quietly. “Not even John.”
Young Tom looked ashamed. “Not just us. I heard the Gregsons that night after I brought Lord Mycroft from the station--Lord Mycroft had had a word with Mr. Gregson, asked if he thought that there was any unnatural attachment.”
clapped Sherlock on the back, handed him a blanket rolled up and fastened with a strap, and winked. Sherlock slung the blanket over his shoulder and strolled off.
“You can’t wear it out anymore,” John said, as gently as he could.
John half expected him to sneer, but the man’s eyes went wide with astonishment before the ghost of a real smile flitted across his face. “Marmalade! Look at that. I’ll wager she doesn’t even remember the taste.”
John stared as Mycroft talked on about plumbing and roofs and the state of the hives. The cottage was lovely, but somehow he couldn’t picture Sherlock there. Sherlock belonged in London, or someplace that would not constrain his restless spirit. John thought with a pang of the tower, with its mournful winds and sweeping views—a place for a wild falcon. This place was, well,
“Whoops! Here now, just lift up a bit--there, now we’ve got it, here’s the basin. All right now, all right.”
John came in, smartly dressed and bearing a wrapped gift. Something dull and practical, obviously; Sherlock couldn’t be bothered to deduce further. He tousled Sherlock’s curls. “Mrs. Hudson will be up in a minute. She’s made too much shepherd’s pie and says she would really love a bit of company, so try to eat some, okay? It will make her so happy.”
”Store pickup,” everyone but Sherlock said in unison.
“Welcome back,” John murmured, kissing him. “Oh, I missed you so much.”
“What about the Colonial government? And the British Army?”
“Yes, I have.”
“Quite well, thank you. And the children?”
“You said that you are in danger, that you have a powerful enemy...”
“What, is she coming?” Sherlock said in surprise.
Garrison nodded. “The Pakistani army went on a crackdown and cleared out that particular area, and they handed me back to Uncle Sam, all proud of themselves. I’d been gone five years. Everyone thought I was dead. My wife was living with another guy; I think the only reason she was glad I was back was that now she could go ahead and divorce me and get my shit out of her basement. And the Agency—they were sure at first I’d been turned, that I was some kind of sleeper agent. It took me months to get cleared. Finally I was allowed back to desk work, with everybody watching to make sure I didn’t blow up the whole place and martyr myself.” His laugh was harsh and mirthless. “As if I’d give them the pleasure.”
John blinked. “No.” They had never really talked about what Sherlock had got up to whilst he’d been away. Sherlock had dropped a few casual asides here and there, but certainly nothing about being captured, and John hadn’t asked. At first he’d been too resentful and later...it just never seemed to come up.
—Sherlock took his cigarettes to the window and then realized he no longer felt like smoking the whole pack. He no longer felt like kicking anything either. Maybe he would eat the sandwiches Mrs. Hudson had left and allow himself an extra chapter of
Really? “What was?”
The pieces clicked into place: the notes in his prayer book, the tiny parcels under the altar rail—“The morning-after pills. That was you all along.”
touching anything stronger than a cigarette again. I might even give up smoking.”
“Another week. If you can manage stairs by then we’ll write.”
Footsteps stopped in front of him; Sherlock had not heard John move from the window. The trembling feeling spread, making his body feel chilled and distant. Then something cold and soothing touched Sherlock’s mouth: ice. “Don’t, love,” John’s voice said softly. “It’s bad enough as it is.”
“4 AM. And now, the kids—they have their sports and all that in the evenings, and my wife feels I don’t spend enough time with the family, and then she’s a bit of a night owl herself, so…” Fuller gestured tiredly with his coffee. “When Charles joined the football league, Paul pointed out that we really didn’t need four coaches at every practice, and he suggested this arrangement. At first I didn’t see the point, but then I realized I could sleep a whole hour and a half without anyone disturbing me…” He sighed. “It’s the best part of my week.”
“Might as well just ring for hot water, it’s late enough now,” Sherlock yawned.
Ella smiled. “Mourning comes in many different forms. You’ll decide what’s right for you.”
“It’s traditional to say it back,” John said, amused.
John shrugged. “They were doing room checks,” he said. “Don’t worry, we didn’t touch them. Sherlock never even got his shirt all the way off.”
Sherlock wasted no time ringing Lestrade.
Sherlock swung around and grinned at him, a fiercely joyful, wicked grin that lit his whole face. “Come on, John, holiday’s over. Time to go be us.”
“Not tonight, please,” the man posing as Paul Dockery said quickly. “Before seven. I can’t risk my wife overhearing.”
“Moriarty is utterly insane,” Mycroft said bluntly. “He hasn’t said a coherent word since we’ve had him. He’s in a high-security facility now and even there he spends most of his time in a padded cell in a straitjacket.”
John was glad to see that Lestrade and Dimmock looked as confused as he felt. Sherlock, however, frowned at the photograph, muttered “Slender Man,” and stomped off, stabbing a number into his phone.
it was bigger,” Sherlock growled, but he settled down. After a minute he said quietly, “I miss home.”
Sherlock accepted the refill and sipped it while the man went to attend to two women—sisters, Sherlock deduced blearily—sitting farther along the bar drinking something frozen. He came back and leaned his elbows on the bar. “Do you have some good presents?’ he asked. “Maybe you could go on over to the duty-free, get a bunch of good hooch, outdo the megatron brother.”
Callie looked at John helplessly, already starting to laugh, and John, emboldened by the attention and the punch, sang out the first line: “‘Oh, what would you do if the kettle boiled over?’”
“--and the two valets, and all their luggage, of course. So the carriage for the family and the gig for the servants and the wagon for the bags. Me and Bill and Ted to drive--Annie, run over to the cottages after tea and tell them they’ll need their livery--and Young Tom, you’ll come along for the bags. Old Tom will stay back to help with the horses when we return, and John, you and Ned and Davy will take out the other riding horses; if there’s truly to be a great party we need to make sure they’re all in tip-top shape.”
The bookstore was small and cluttered and mostly secondhand, but there was a fairly good English selection. Sherlock found a book about the Indian Police Service; that could be interesting, and then he saw a cover that looked familiar.  It was a poetry book, one he remembered vaguely from school. Poetry had never held any inherent interest for Sherlock, but he never deleted it—it helped him understand the way normal people felt, a little. But he remembered something about this one, something that had particularly stuck in his mind, why? Well, he was likely to have several hours to kill, and the books were cheap. He bought them both.
John had been so desperate for diversion he hadn’t even considered the reason. “That would be brilliant,” he said fervently. “You know what else would be brilliant? If you actually got dressed. You’ve been in those pajamas for days.”
In the end, he still didn’t tell John everything. Not right away.
When they settled back down with beer and crisps John said, “You know all about my crazy life now; what about you? All I know is that your partner doesn’t like dogs.”
“I’m not—“ Sherlock started, uselessly since he couldn’t be heard over the music, but the man slid his hands into Sherlock’s front pockets as far as they would go, stroking the sensitive junction of thigh and groin through the thin fabric. Sherlock’s whole body flared with heat and want. He dropped his head back against the blond’s shoulder as the man slid one arm out of his pocket and around his waist, pulling Sherlock until they were pressed back to front. The man ground his own erection into Sherlock’s arse as he ran his fingers up and down the side of Sherlock’s rapidly hardening cock through his pocket. Sherlock’s breath shuddered, and the man ran his free hand up over Sherlock’s chest and the bared expanse of his neck to touch his lower lip.
“Of course I did. Why shouldn’t I?”
“So it sounds like they want you to sit in on a rehearsal, but you haven’t responded. Why not?”
He remembered the endless night he had screamed. He remembered the knife; of course Eurus had tried it on him first. He remembered the dead squirrel. He remembered things she whispered to him after Victor died.
“However, we feel we’ve made a great deal of progress,” the attending continued. “As of this morning Mr. Holmes’ electrolytes have been stable for two days and he’s able to tolerate oral feedings. There have been no seizures since the day after admission and while still exhibiting considerable confusion, he’s much more oriented than previously.  We feel he no longer needs to be on a high acuity monitoring unit.”
This particular night was damp and unpleasant, so John took flasks of hot tea round but did not linger. Back inside he checked the ground floor and had just started climbing the stairs when he heard a faint sound from above: the soft snick of a door closing.
Sherlock allowed himself to be soothed by John’s warm arms. “I suppose so,” he said reluctantly.
Sherlock collapsed into his rather cramped middle seat—the flight attendant had to remind him to fasten his seat belt—and realized he was still clutching the bookstore bag. He hadn’t had time to put it in his carryon, now stowed in the overhead compartment. Moreover, he’d apparently ended up buying the poetry book as well as the cat calendar. Well, he had a long flight ahead of him and nothing else to do except worry about John and brood about Houston, so he might as well look at the book.  He turned the pages absently, looking for the poem he remembered. It might have surprised John to learn that Sherlock hadn’t deleted poetry, he thought, but a detective needed to understand passion, and second hand knowledge was better than none.
“Oh my,” Mrs. Hudson said and beat a hasty retreat.
“Just throwing good handmaidens after bad,” Molly mused. Bertha tilted her head to look at her. “Oh, sorry, I didn’t mean…”
“And how do you plan to do that?” Molly asked.
Sherlock returned from his appointment with a chemist’s bag and a rather hangdog expression. He set his prescriptions on the kitchen table, pulled out a bin liner, and then silently went through the flat collecting cigarettes from a truly impressive array of hiding places, most of which John had no idea even existed. When he had finished he carried the bag to John, who had watched this performance in astonishment, and placed it wordlessly into his hands.
Still, the experiment wasn’t a total loss, as he’d learned one useful thing: drugs made life much better.
“Okay, okay, and then…?”
Lady Merton looked away, out at the dreary gardens. “Maybe things will get better. And if not…she’ll make a match, I suppose. It’s not the life I imagined for her, but she’s not the adventurous sort, not really. She’ll probably be quite happy as a wife and mother. And if she wishes it, of course we’ll get her to France.”
Sherlock felt the tension in his spine relax a little. “Thank you.”
“All right. Ring Kate.” He had a moment’s annoyance that he had never thought to ask for the number to John’s rarely-used official mobile.  “And Molly, when you reach her—“ Sherlock hesitated, suddenly awkward. “Ask her to find Captain Watson.”
Awareness came back gradually. The first thing he understood was that the floor beneath him was wood, not concrete; he could see the grain beneath his face.
” Sherlock interjected, and John giggled before he got himself back under control and said sternly, “Now who’s interrupting? Be quiet. If you’ve set your face against the arts of the, er, bunk—“
“No, I was sent here straightaway when things were moved up.”
“Imagine what it must have been like for Mycroft,” John said, thoughts coming full circle. He expected Sherlock to scoff, but Sherlock just said, “Oh,” in a small voice and went still. John was quiet, letting him work it out.
“Good call,” Rowan said approvingly. “And Mum says you can come up on your next weekend, so I can give it to you then, is that all right?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and caught John’s cringe of embarrassment. His phone buzzed in his hand, and he looked down to see a text from Violet:
“Bit of a hangover,” Roz admitted cheerfully. “Ever been drunk on eggnog? Don’t.”
“I won’t let you down,” John said. “And I’ve got a new recruit. The Minister for Identification wants in—she knows the king, and she thinks she can convince him to see the writing on the wall and back the princes.”
“Eventually. After the smelling salts and the bucket of water brought me back around. It took him at least five minutes to admit that you weren’t actually going to become a monk.”
.” John kicked her amiably and she said, “So, is she a good cook?”
At least Mrs. Hudson wouldn’t have found this one, Sherlock comforted himself as he lay on the floor unscrewing the trap under the basin. Nobody would: it never would have occurred to them that Sherlock Holmes knew the first thing about plumbing.  He emerged from the bathroom to hear the sound of hammering coming from the stairs.
“Nothing serious, just kept me off my feet a bit,” Sherlock said. “It was ages ago.”
John’s knees had gone weak and watery and he was downright throbbing in his pants. If he’d had the necessary coordination John thought he’d have yanked down his jeans and begged Sherlock to fuck him over the bar right in front of the crowd. “I wasn’t sure you would let me lead,” Sherlock murmured, running the tip of his tongue over the edge of John’s ear and John’s knees really would have given out then if Sherlock hadn’t been practically holding him up, “but I think you would, wouldn’t you.”
Sherlock hesitated, then took it. She was right: having something to read,
“How rough do you need?” John asked, winding one of the scarves around Sherlock’s eyes to make a blindfold.
The figure in the garden was so small that John’s first thought was that it was a child, but then it pulled out a mobile and the screen illuminated her face as she began a text. John’s mouth opened in a soundless gasp and Sherlock promptly clapped a hand over it. Tafline Jones slipped the mobile back into the pocket of her hoody and moved silently toward the back door. When she reached it she knelt down, pushed back her hood, and unzipped her hoody a few inches. John shoved Sherlock’s hand away and watched, puzzled, as she cocked her head, reached out to push something, and then proceeded to wriggle her way through a small opening in the door.
“The first wrongdoing here is that I, a mother, had to bury my own daughter those years ago. There truly should be a law against that, you know,” and then she gave Holmes a stern look, as though this was a legislative matter he personally had neglected. “Burying my own legacy, it’s just against nature. I could barely compose myself for any of the formal ceremonies, just ask Edmund.”
Sherlock’s fingers touch John’s cheek lightly and they both let out a sharp breath, John’s eyes darting up instantly. Sherlock looks shocked and absolutely lovely, softly touching John’s face and his head angled down, curls falling over his forehead.
Finally, in what must have been the early hours of the morning, Colin’s breathing smoothed out and no longer rattled desperately, and Mrs Andrews retired, faint and somewhat dehydrated from her tears. Watson guided her to her chambers, as she seemed wont to collapse, and then whispered to Holmes.
John takes his daughter agreeably, popping his lips at her as she grabs for his mouth and giggles delightedly. John smiles, tired, but loving the weight and warmth of his daughter in his arms, the sweet smell springing from her hair.
He retracted himself from the wall after a moment and wandered over, seeming at once massively bored and highly disdainful. His suit was incredibly crisp, as black and white as his wife’s gown was red and purple. Watson wondered if they even liked each other.
pressing that might make John break down, but there’s only so much a man can go through – the death of his wife; the near death of his best friend; the ingenious, terrifying, secret sister of said best friend – without having to explain the finer,
Sherlock knows what it means, of course. He
Holmes kissed Watson again, breathing against his mouth with an abruptly sincere voice. “Because I needed
,” Watson hissed, furious, and then fused their mouths together forcefully. His fingers were at the buttons on Holmes’s shirt, pulling them apart without finesse or thought, the pale material collapsing to either side of Holmes’s torso and baring the smoothest of skin, untouched snow. Their lips parted with a sticky sound. “You thought me so dull as to miss my own infatuation with you?”
John is already shaking his head. Sherlock seems grateful for the reason to stop talking, which is out of character. He can feel the faintest tremble in Sherlock’s fingers where they touch John. John’s shaking again, his breaths deep and hurting his chest.
,” she was explaining, and had been doing so for the last half hour. She was seated in front of Holmes and Watson on uncomfortable but very fanciful chairs, everyone present clutching a hot cup of tea for dear life except the Lord of the house, who was standing rather remotely by their lavishly adorned fireplace. He cast them a vaguely despairing look across the expansive main hall, or perhaps that was his general mien.
details of romance to his best friend.
“To have my daughter’s…
He nodded, his existence localised to a myriad of angular shadows and dark curves. “Absolutely, my dear man.”
John drops his gaze because it’s easier to control his face that way, and he also feels a bit absurd at the severity of the angle he has to tilt his head up to in order to meet Sherlock’s eyes. Heat creeps up his neck.
Watson supposed he should shift from atop Holmes, readjust his clothing and even don a feeble blush as his mind settled into its normal functionality. Instead he pushed his face further into Holmes’s neck and hummed contently. Holmes brushed a hand idly over the doctor’s back.
“No,” Holmes said, finally breaking off for air. His hands were fumbling at the front of Watson’s trousers. “I thought you so dull as to miss
Holmes sipped his tea and gestured for the Lady to continue. She hmm’ed tactfully at his silence and Watson glanced at his companion, attempting to employ his insightful air to discern the detective’s mind and noticing only a stray tea leaf on Holmes’s right thumb. Watson’s hands itched to brush it away.
but he never imagined it would come to fruition in any way. He’s never even
John’s fingers shake as he stirs his tea and he closes his eyes, breathes deeply through his nose.
They didn’t talk much as they walked, lit up honey mead yellow beneath each gas lamp, and there was one instance when Watson glanced at his friend and found the detective appraising him with bright, sleepy eyes, a small curve to his mouth, and suddenly Watson was very aware of the feel of their arms pressed together. His grip on his cane tightened. This case felt very significant.
“So far so obvious, old boy.”
It was, Holmes explained in the hansom cab, a case of a distraught mother and a stoic father and an abundance of ignorant socialites and unaware proletariat. One of mankind’s oldest tales, he thought, and Watson, my lad, isn’t it perplexing how the reign of humans shall forever be denoted as
Holmes had the decency to look affronted for at least a moment before he grinned boyishly, his eyes maddeningly alight and Watson simply could not bring himself to look away.
“I rather find my own reasons,” the doctor said, and pressed his knuckles against Holmes’s veins, felt the blood there rushing. Holmes’s heartbeat was rapid, and Watson thought,
Her gaze widened and her chin began trembling, something which she visibly fought. Watson thought to give her a sedative and demand several days without work from her superiors.
“Wouldn’t miss it for the world.”
“Fine work this evening, old boy.” Holmes’s voice was rougher than usual, and Watson could see the faint blue veins that ran along the inside of his arm like a spider web. “Superb. Solved the case in, what, seventeen hours, with you as an immeasurable advantage at my side. Solved the case
“Yes indeed.”
.” Another searing kiss, absolutely gorgeous in its every fumble and pull. “’Tis as plain and simple as the ignorance of Scotland Yard.”
“Of course, old boy. I wouldn’t have it any other way.”
to. John doesn’t think he can talk Sherlock through this one without working himself into a state; he’s not sure why. There’s nothing
Holmes was panting, grinning, pressing up slow and deliberate against the doctor with his shirt falling off his shoulders and bunching up around his waist. Watson moved on him like a sinful thought in church, gripping Holmes’s bare shoulders and holding his forearms to the smooth skin of Holmes’s chest, too hot to believe. Watson thought it was frivolous and indecent, but there was something completely beguiling about a well-muscled man.
“Sherlock,” John says, in a soft, slightly stunned voice. He’s uncertain of what he wants to say next but certain that Sherlock’s mind is whirring, frantic with possibilities of the next few minutes. John feels unbearably shy all of a sudden, because this is
“Where ever I must find it,” he said, and he had finished tending to Holmes’s cuts at least one whole minute ago, an extravagant amount of time to still be clutching Holmes’s wrist. The detective hadn’t appeared to notice, and that was a whole other miracle.
Watson saw the glint of Holmes’s teeth in a snicker and wished to stomp on his foot, a grin of his own held tightly back, half delirious on these boyish, foolhardy instances of theirs. They relentlessly broke the social norms right beneath the noses of nobles and it was forthrightly addictive. “If you wish I can fix her a tonic, for any lasting issues.”
Watson thought that Holmes’ reshaping of him must’ve been something akin to an entire stage of evolution for how that statement did not touch his mood. It might have been the proximity of the hansom, with Holmes’s knee against Watson’s and the detective’s eyes looking like they were going to leave coaly smudges everywhere. Perhaps Watson was just sleep deprived.
, his best friend, and he’s always felt this
Holmes waited, ever theatrical, until Watson sighed and rolled onto his back, propped himself up on one elbow. Holmes’s black eyes were a shock better than coffee, awoke Watson just like gunshots or opium or other dangerous things would. “Yes?”
The finer points of John’s cheek feel scalded, skin pinging like points on a radar in its hyperawareness. He clears his throat and looks at the ground.
It’s late, so Rosie takes the pacifier without complaint and soon enough she’s dozing in John’s arms, head lolling on his shoulder. Sherlock’s watching her with rapt attention even though she’s merely doing perfectly ordinary infant things, drooling and gurgling and grasping with her tiny hands as John gently lowers her into her crib. He thinks proudly, of course his daughter would be one of the things in this world to utterly bewitch Sherlock Holmes.
He immediately hissed, half choking on his drink and Watson grinned at the thought that he had caught Sherlock Holmes off guard.
doing okay.” A breath; careful controlled inhale. “I just want to put my daughter to bed and make sure she dreams of something lovely and then watch crap telly, alright?”
, Holmes, and he simply received a dark sideways glance that jammed in his chest. Holmes continued.
Watson blinked blearily at the dark stretch of wall hiding Holmes and waited, familiar with this game of pause and play. He was aware even in his befuddled state that Holmes would somehow know the precise instant Watson opened his mouth to continue and would consequently begin playing again.
“Good
Sherlock tuts. “Come now, Watson,” he whispers, and it takes John a moment to realise he means Rosie. Sherlock shifts closer, the crib not very long so John’s side prickles in awareness of his proximity, and leans down slightly. Sherlock tugs John’s collar from her grip carefully, replacing it with the edge of the blanket every movement of the way until John is free and stands upright.
He looked to the world outside, and then back to his friend.
“Well,” Holmes sighed, smiling wickedly. “What an anomalous creature you are, my dear man. Any decent person would have at least
“Inappropriate,” Watson breathed, laughing and kissing him again. His legs sunk into the settee as Holmes flattened one hand to the small of his back and pulled him closer. “You are always so inappropriate, Holmes, you’re
, Watson thought again, and then he was beaming until he thought his cheeks might crack.
Holmes briefly closed his eyes, and then curled his lip, preening, and Watson thought that he was going to get spoiled if Holmes continued smiling like that, and so often. The tiny angle of his mouth was a hook in the doctor’s skin.
Watson nodded, placing his hand over Holmes’s on his own forearm. Holmes released a breath, nodded shortly back at the doctor. “Very good.”
“Why?’
“And a Happy New Year to us all,” he said, slurring a little. John hoped sincerely that none of the boys working in the factory would fall asleep the next day, since a mistake there could be fatal. He hoped he wouldn’t fall asleep himself. He hoped Sherlock wouldn’t fall asleep before John could get him into bed and kiss him senseless.  Actually he thought he was safe on that last; Sherlock had already bounded to his feet, suddenly bright-eyed again as he dragged John off to their cot.
smiled. His eyes crinkled in a way that John had never seen before and that almost broke his heart, the ghost of Sherlock’s rare, real smile almost visible for an instant. “Well.” He straightened briskly, pulling his hand gently from John’s. “I hope you are correct, if for no other reason than the amount of histrionics we shall enjoy if he returns and finds that we have formed an alliance in his absence.”
“What if we get a look in the storage unit?” Roz asked, talking over him.
Sherlock smiled at her. “I’m sure that can be arranged.”
John leaned over his back, kissing between Sherlock’s shoulder blades where his spine was now glistening with sweat. “You’re mine now,” he breathed. “No matter what happens, I’ve had you.” He rubbed his thumb over the head of Sherlock’s cock and rocked back and forth, barely moving as Sherlock’s breathing evened and then began to pick up. John felt the loosening as his cock began to slide a little. He let himself slip back a bit and pushed, and oh God that felt good, and Sherlock still seemed fine, so he did it again, and then again.
John swallowed hard but could find no words in reply.
“I’m not leaving you here! Haven’t you been listening? It’s dangerous here!”
Sherlock obediently dropped the blanket to his waist and turned so his back was to the fire. John winced at this sight of him: fingermarks darkening to bruises, places where John’s nails had dug into his skin. “Sorry. I’d rather meant our first time to be a bit more…romantic.”
“It’s fine, those two will be gone in a moment and no one will be here for another hour and a half at least. Evensong isn’t until five.”
loose—and Rowan’s fist could only work over the head of Sherlock’s cock, too hard and too tight. Rowan rocked his own hips into Sherlock’s arse and reached down to fondle his bollocks through the stiff fabric, which made Sherlock jerk forward into his fist. “Look at you gagging for it,” Rowan murmured. “Would you let just anybody in here, feel you up?”
“He’s very sick, John,” the doctor said gently. “I don’t think he’s going be causing much trouble this time. But he is going to need constant care, and if you think you are up to the task then I know it would be a great help to the nurses.”
“Will have been appointed by a board who are themselves Moriarty cronies, John, how likely do you think it that they’ll have our well-being at heart? We should go. Quickly, before the new headmaster arrives.”
Sherlock was quiet on the way back. John did not try to talk to him; he knew from experience that any discussion of Jim Moriarty had the effect of making him go withdrawn and distant. When they reached their rooms, though, Sherlock reached for him with an almost desperate eagerness and within moments they were on the bed, grappling and rolling and flinging their clothing to the floor.
The next day Sherlock arrived early enough to watch the swim team leave practice and head for the outdoor pool, memorizing faces and duffel bags and scanning for possible weaknesses. He didn’t find much, so the next day he arrived even earlier—he’d skived off lunch—and slipped into their locker room, which he surreptitiously searched. By the fourth day, Sherlock was ready. It was a good day for his purposes, sunny and almost hot, so the pool would be crowded. Sherlock took along the biggest book he had—it was his chemistry textbook for next year—and opened it up as he came through the pool gate, purposely dawdling along with his head down so that it was inevitable that one of the boys on the swim team, coming in from the building entrance, would bump into him.
“Then we need to have our people start moving now,” Georgie said. “I can see well enough your lot’s ready, Angus…”
All of this had a predictable outcome: Sherlock lost five pounds and John, due mainly to the fact that he cheated on Sherlock’s diet every chance he got, gained three. “How about a curry?” John said happily, when they had wrapped up a fabulous case involving a demented dwarf with a peashooter.
But if there’s one missing, isn’t it more likely to be Andrea Chisolm’s?”
Sherlock stretched his long arm and made a pleased sound of triumph—“ha”—and rolled back clutching the lube. They’d taken turns sucking each other off earlier, so there was little mess except what had been missed the day before. John clutched his fingers into Sherlock’s buttocks and spread him open and Sherlock groaned, grinding down hard, and John smeared his slick fingers deliberately over Sherlock’s anus. He didn’t try to go further—he could feel Sherlock was still a bit swollen and tender from yesterday—but he pressed his thumb into Sherlock’s perineum as Sherlock spread his legs wider and thrust against him, gathering them both in one long-fingered hand. John braced his own legs and concentrated on keeping Sherlock spread open, gripping his thigh and massaging that soft stretch of skin, whilst Sherlock pushed up on one elbow and panted frantically into his ear, slippery grip pumping faster.  Sherlock’s curls were tumbled into his face and his smooth white neck was so close that John could have closed his teeth on it and he wanted to, God how he wanted to, bite Sherlock and mark him, beautiful thing, John’s, only John’s, but instead he gripped Sherlock harder as he felt the heat and slick of Sherlock’s hand and abdomen rubbing against him in a mounting wave of pleasure. “You are so fucking gorgeous,” he managed breathlessly, “on top of me like this, so hot, I want to feel you come on me,” and Sherlock, always so sensitive to praise, stiffened and came into the close space between their bodies. “Oh
“What about dinner?”
“Here.” Sherlock returned and held up a pile of golden studs. “Oh, let me do it.” He reached for the front of John’s shirt, frowned, and then stepped behind him to fasten up John’s shirt. John held still, feeling vaguely ridiculous, until he was dressed, at which point Sherlock stepped around again and handed him the coat whilst he stooped and picked up what seemed to be a feathered headdress. He slipped it over his head and John realized it was a mask, transforming Sherlock into a black swan.
Thank you so much for telling me.”
John was relieved to hear himself and Sherlock both assigned to B dormitory. Michael was in D, and the rest were scattered about. Scrap and the next smallest boy were in G, which John hoped meant they were separated by age to some extent.
It was another two more weeks before Sherlock moved back to Baker Street. Sherlock spent the two weeks struggling to master stairs with his crutches—he was developing a permanent ache in the sides of his face from gritting his teeth—and John spent it readying their flat for Sherlock’s return. This set Sherlock’s teeth on edge even worse than the stairs. John took out the rugs, moved the furniture back, repaired loose floorboards, and installed a bar in the bath, all of which left Sherlock feeling panicked and resentful and grateful in equal and confusing measures. He wanted his old life back, of course he did, but after so long he was no longer sure if their old life would fit them anymore. What he really wanted was his old life but with the new John: the John who held his hand, took his camera to crime scenes, hugged him, was
Sherlock looked up. “What, in the country?”
. The first time he let himself be lowered into the water and realized that he could move his legs without pain, he’d almost cried with the bliss of it.
Jesus, John thought, as Mycroft answered, “He has a healed bullet scar in the middle of his chest.”
“In my coat,” Sherlock said breathlessly, “I’ve been carrying around the proper lube since we started this case, John,
“Why?” John asked, surprised.
“You came prepared,” Sherlock purred, spreading his legs even wider when John stepped between them. “You’d come to this performance on purpose because of me. You’d seen my picture in the papers and knew you had to have me.”
“Alive. I don’t know how fully he’ll recover. He was going into surgery as we arrived here.”
“I’ve had more than enough publicity,” Sherlock said flatly.
“Oi, watch, it, you little shite,” the older boy said as Sherlock dropped the book on his bare foot. He swore.
“Perhaps.” Sherlock did not believe in irrational optimism. Still…once he returned he would be sitting in his room for the rest of the day, nothing to read, nothing to do, nothing but his mind place for distraction. It might be worth another attempt if there were any chance of success.
Sherlock waved this away impatiently. “Boffin Bill is still locked up. He keeps sending me mad letters. No, this is beyond anything he could do. On the other hand, this
Still. He’d planned on just keeping things friendly that night, seeing how the wind blew. But then the call to Friday prayer drifted in the window from the little storefront mosque down the street and John was reminded of Afghanistan again, of the nights before battles and how you never knew which night might be your last, and he kissed her.
“Oh, she’s not a housekeeper.”
John tugged his sleeves free and dropped the shirt to the floor and then exhaled, looking at Sherlock’s bare torso as though it were something miraculous. “Beautiful,” he said softly. He ran his hands over Sherlock’s shoulders and pressed his palms flat to his chest. It felt good.
John pushed himself upright, careful to be quiet. He felt Sherlock wince as he was jostled. Whatever Sherlock had done to himself earlier in the week, he hadn’t improved matters by his mad dash through Delphi. “Can’t feel my feet,” John whispered. He stomped a little to bring the feeling back, caught Lestrade’s fingers, and got a sharp elbow in the knee. “Sorry!” Tempers were beginning to run a bit short.
“No. We’re finished now, Hobbes, run along.”
“Want me to tell him to piss off?”
“Are we going somewhere?” John inquired as he poked at the coffee pot. His hair was sticking up. It was oddly endearing.
Sherlock turned to Rodriguez. “Call that HR man, Nelson. Ask him if he can get the dates that Ellis called in sick or took a day off for the past six years.”
Sherlock went still. His spine tingled, head to toe, and instead of dissipating the tingle seemed to spread out along his nerve endings gathering strength as it went. “Say that again.”
Sherlock coughed again and reached for the little bottle of hand sanitizer. “If you tell Lestrade I’ll tell him you buy your knickers at Agent Provocateur.”
The soldiers caught them up in less than a minute, half of them flashing ahead and then wheeling to neatly trap them. They stopped where they were in the middle of the road. Sherlock had been right: back home they might have made for the woods or turned off down a side road, but here on the moors they were as exposed as rabbits.
John burst out laughing and took the samosa. “It’s okay,” he said. “You’re allowed to deduce about Sylvie if it’s going to be all about how hot she finds me. “
He had him now, John knew. Sherlock would never be able to resist the opportunity both to show off and to correct someone this arrogant.
“The family is coming tomorrow,” Mr Gregson announced.
“Ukraine, obviously. Don’t you see the flag?”
“Talitha.”
“Hmm?”
“Nothing is happening here,” Sherlock snapped before he thought better of it.
Billy giggled. “I know who he is,” he whispered after a minute. “I think he and Master Sebastian don’t want it known, but we all do. He’s Jim Moriarty.”
“I never thought about it much,” John said honestly. “Lord Sherlock mostly gets his own way, as you know. And I suppose...back at the Chase we had race horses, stallions, who would get skittish on their own, but they couldn’t abide the company of other horses, so we’d match them up with a goat or a donkey. I suppose that’s what I am, in a way, Lord Sherlock’s donkey. I keep him company, settle him down.”
The headless guard was diverting enough to keep Sherlock entertained for a solid week, and by the end of it he no longer even remembered to limp. He had forgotten all about the Cot Killer until Sally Donovan turned up bubbling with excitement, bearing a laptop and two bags of fish and chips.
“You’re just like a little kitten,” John said, smiling, and Sherlock jerked as though he’d been burned. He clutched the edges of his laptop so hard his hands hurt and tried to force his breathing to slow. John could not possibly know about that; nobody knew about that, not anymore.
“No, Seven. You can’t both be Watson, and you’re seven times cleverer than a normal bloke.”
It took Sherlock only a few days to track down Felix Fowler, who was delighted to meet with them. Violet, fortunately, had turned out to have considerably more backbone than Sherlock had expected. She had no intention of leaving the Copper Beeches until they found out what had happened to Alice.
It was true. The prince sighed. “How did you know?” he asked after a moment.
Sherlock pulled his bony knees up and rested his chin on them to stare at the pay phone mounted opposite in the tiny wooden cubicle. His head was aching, and he’d felt distinctly woozy whilst he was on the phone. He had not eaten either his breakfast or lunch, as both had been nasty, but perhaps some dinner might not be a bad idea. At least some bread or pudding.
By rights it should have been awful. It should have been the worst two months of John’s life, far worse than the journey, and yet somehow it wasn’t. In spite of the damp, the cold, the crowding, the hunger, and the constant gnawing fear of their looming trial, prison turned out to be not as terrible as John had assumed. He never knew whether the fascination of being surrounded by criminals had brought Sherlock out of his darkness, or whether he had simply decided after his utter breakdown in the village to will himself out of the shadowlands of grief; he was just desperately grateful to have him back.
John grinned. “Hey,” he said, leaning up to speak directly into Sherlock’s ear. “I never did tell you my grown-up fantasy, did I? The one I had when I was twenty-one.”
“Of course I didn’t read it. It was yours, and you carried it around in your pocket for months anyway,” Sherlock said impatiently. “I worked it out. I’d nothing better to do, I wasn’t even allowed out of bed for weeks, and if I didn't know Mycroft better I'd suspect he lowered the security on the archives just to keep me occupied. I pieced together the whole thing, and then when Mary came to visit when you weren’t there I asked her if I was right and I was. I promised I wouldn’t tell you.”
Sherlock did not rouse all day. John redoubled his efforts, coaxing and pleading and ordering and offering tea so sweet it was practically treacle, but Sherlock’s lashes only fluttered feebly. John finally resorted to dipping his fingers in the cup and dripping the water into his parched mouth. Sherlock had stopped even shivering, so John stripped the blankets off and sponged him down with cool water. The fever seemed to be consuming him alive, John thought; he was nothing but bone and burning skin, and John could feel his heart fluttering frantically through the fragile cage of his ribs. He pulled the blankets back up and began to drip cold syrupy tea onto Sherlock’s tongue.
Rodriguez nodded. “We have a sixth victim now so if it’s all right with you all, we’d like to tell you about that one first and then we can go through all the cases.”
“I appreciate your overwhelming devotion and concern, but I’m in Texas. I can’t imagine she’d go to the trouble of following me here when she could have killed me in London at any time. Why are you bothering me?”
For heaven’s sake, Sherlock thought with some irritation, whom had she thought she was contacting, the Girl Guides? “I can help you,” he said, trying to widen his eyes in order to look less threatening. Now his eyes were watering. “Tell me what you did, and I’ll help you.”
he said with as much force as he could muster, and Sherlock let go. John swiftly turned the knife point toward himself, gripping the handle and sliding the blade into his sleeve, and said, “Okay. Now let me up.”
. But the more he looked at this guy, the more convinced she got that he was actually innocent. Turns out practically nobody thought the guy did it, including the wife’s family. All the evidence was circumstantial—he’d had an affair a couple of years back and the other woman was back in town sending emails, so the prosecution made out that he’d wanted to get out of the marriage, didn’t want the kid, but didn’t want a divorce because the wife had serious money. But even the ex-mistress said there’d been nothing between them.”
Watson and Holmes stood as Lord and Lady Luxemburg left, and the instant they were out of the room Holmes grasped Watson’s elbow to gain his attention.
“My dear
They walked home to 221B Baker Street, a risk to which Watson would have ordinarily protested, but he had saved a man’s life tonight and Holmes’s arm was looped through his and quite frankly, Watson felt like he could have taken on anything.
Holmes and Watson found Mrs Andrews, as her name proved to be, tending to the midday meal in the kitchen. She readily avoided eye contact, a habit that had no doubt been enforced through social caste within the household, and continued working as she spoke, bustling about and occasionally biting orders to other workers.
Watson huffed a quick laugh, astonished.
“Inappropriate,” Holmes snickered, and Watson kissed his teeth, utterly taken. Holmes pushed a hand inside Watson’s smallclothes and the doctor moaned lowly in the back of his throat. He began rocking against Holmes in earnest. “I can think of a handful of sparkling additions to that word, right now.”
John shrugged, taking another bite of his veal even though he’d just decided to stop so he would be able to manage dessert. “It’s still a big deal in sport, I suppose. Fieri—and Kensington—make a lot of money off advertising, and a lot of sponsors may not want to have a gay man as their public face.”
He already had the melody in his head.
“I’m an adult. I make my own choices, whatever you think of them, just as you make yours, and you are certainly free to
“Not the regular part of the prison.” Sherlock’s voice had taken on that flat, distant quality again. “But in solitary…they have a name for it. Not the Hole, the phrase doesn’t translate exactly, but the exact meaning is ‘the nothing that has no end’. The Abyss, I suppose, or the Void. I prefer Abyss.” He was quiet a minute. John lay perfectly still, afraid even to breathe. “It was in the oldest section of the prison, carved right into the mountain itself. More cavern than building. The cells…the cells were very small, as I told you, and made entirely of stone. In one wall there was a metal door and in the door was a sort of hatch, like a cat flap but higher, that bolted from the outside. In the floor was a drain. Those were the only features of the cell, the only things that distinguished wall from floor or one wall from another. The darkness was absolute. The silence was absolute.” Pause. A breath. “I didn’t mind the dark. It was safe. They’d shone lights in my eyes, during the interrogations. I liked the dark. I tried to train my other senses to compensate, at least at first. I thought I could learn echolocation, but there was very little to practice on. I tried to enhance my sense of touch, but I had only cold wet stone, and metal. I listened. I didn’t mind the quiet either; the main prison had been so loud, so many people, all the time. But the cold.” Another, longer pause. “We had no clothing. Twice a day, the guard would open the hatch in the door and shine in a light to be sure I was still alive. In the morning, he then shoved in some food—bread, or potatoes. In the evening, he put a hose through the hatch and sprayed down the cell and the prisoner so that any waste went down the drain. I tried to appreciate that I wasn’t left to rot in my own filth, but …it was so cold. Everything was cold, and so wet, it never dried. I would crouch in the corner, hoping to conserve my own heat that way, but I couldn’t bear to lean against the cold wet wall or to sit on the cold wet floor and I would become so disoriented, balancing there, I would lose the sense of the ground beneath my feet.” Sherlock had begun to shiver again and now he stopped talking, curling more tightly around himself. John scooted closer, desperate to give him his own warmth.
