They tell him they’ll fit him with proper dress when he returns, taking his measurements now but it’ll have to be made. John also thinks they don’t give it to him now in case he doesn’t make it back this time.
“To be honest, a lot of things.” Sherlock grunts in annoyance.
“Oh bugger this.”
“Just because my brother has romantic feelings for another man doesn’t mean he’s gay.”
“Greg.” He says taking a sip of beer and looks over to him. “Me and Sherlock just aren’t going to happen. He doesn’t feel anything for me, he’s actually asexual apparently. We spoke about it this morning.”
“Sherlock, I’m back”
Sherlock’s annoyed and he realises she said we. He looks at John. John is looking away very guilty. Good, he should be. Making him spend a third Christmas with his brother. Torture is what comes to mind. Nails on a chalkboard.
“John. This isn’t going to take care of itself. Get back here and finish what you started.” Sherlock calls through the door.
He clears his throat.
The gunfire has slowed down but he still hears shots ring out. There’s a  commotion at the door as Smith helps Fred bring a bleeding George through to where he is.
This sudden sound is enough for John to realise what he’s doing and break away from Sherlock.
John greets the military psychologist and they speak about his post traumatic stress disorder, his work with Sherlock, civilian life and they have apparently already been in contact with Johns personal psychiatrist.
John climbs the 17 stairs to their apartment and take his shoes and jacket off at the door and calls out to Sherlock that he’s home, making his way to the kitchen.
vvvvvvvv,
“I’m still confused”
John smiles sadly at him. “It’s okay if you don’t feel the same Sherlock. I’m not looking for anything from you. As long as we can stay the way we are I’ll be the happiest man of the planet.”
I am very sorry if the last couple of chapters of this story caused anyone distress. This is my first fic so I wasn’t sure what to do about the MCD because it would be a spoiler. I have updated the tags so people know there is a MCD in this story and I will be using this space to tell you what will happen. Please let me know in the comments if you think I can add more tags or warnings to help people decide to read this fic or not if the subject is too upsetting.
With that one word John knew what his answer was.
“Yeh Gavin sure.” John sighs. “Just to be clear. Your brother Mycroft Holmes, likes Greg Lestrade?”
Anyways. Thanks for reading. ;)
“I’m so sorry about Sherlock tonight Mrs Hudson. He really didn’t mean it, he loves you like a mother.”
“Merry Christmas boys. You’ll get your presents at lunch time. I’ll be going to my sisters this afternoon and won’t be back until after New Year’s Day. I’m sorry, you’ll have to look after each other. You will have the house to yourselves while Johns home, so be as loud as you want and make the most of it.”
“O-Over by the tape talking to press”
“Fine John.” Sherlock softened a bit and turned to face John again. “Promise you’ll be home as soon as possible. Don’t do anything stupid to delay yourself. Please John. I don’t know what I would do if I lost you.”
John cleared his throat and spoke. “Sorry Mrs Hudson, I had a few beers while we were out and I dropped the keys. Sorry if we woke you.” Sherlock was glad John replied as he didn’t think he could speak at the moment, he was still getting his breathe back.
“Who?”
Sherlock, finally being able to regain his composure and mobility, stands and approaches John. Sherlock apparently has a military kink. Something new to think about later but for right now he needs to concentrate.
John removed his hand from Sherlock’s arse and undid the last few remaining buttons of his shirt, pushing it off his shoulders. Pushing him against the door he gave Sherlock a long, hard, deep kiss before moving to kiss down his neck. Trailing kisses down his torso, John knelt in front of him and kissed around his navel. Kissing further downwards into the opening of Sherlock’s trousers. He pulled the zip down finally and slipped his fingers between Sherlock’s trousers and pants.
He’s not ready to let go yet.
“Thai” Sherlock answers simply stretching again after he’s finished putting his microscope away in his cupboard.
........
Greg is obviously finished talking with them or just gotten too irritated and walked away. Definitely the latter, John thinks as Greg walks over sighing and running a hand through his disheveled hair.
Sherlock squinted and deduced again.
Sherlock begins to head to the bathroom.
John must have heard Sherlock enter because he turns around and gives Sherlock the biggest smile.
She leans closer and whispers into his ear,
Its not a question. This man knows who he is.
He was off talking about the injuries he’d treated when Sherlock noticed his dog tags. They were new. That meant John might have left his old ones behind.
They both ducks their heads, breaking eye contact and huff a laugh. How ridiculous is this. They’re acting like nervous school girls.
John’s placing their cup’s in the sink when Anthea arrives at the flat door holding a parcel.
John grabbed hold of Sherlock and pulled him against his chest.
“Well, he is a bit difficult to deal with sometimes but I wouldn’t live without him. He definitely keeps life interesting.”
They both look at John like he wouldn’t dare. So he pulls his phone out and scrolls down to her number.
“Oh, so the ‘date’ with Mycroft went well then.” John teases. Lestrade flushes a bit but denies it was a date.
John yells from over near the body.
Sherlock blushes a little and John just clears his throat and sits back in his chair.
Sherlock beams at John and their eyes lock, John always loves how Sherlock looks when he’s solved a case.
His apprehension was apparently unfounded because once inside, John pushed him roughly against the wall and kissed him hard. Sherlock groaned into the kiss and wrapped his arms around John. They kissed hard and heavy for a while but they were soon both breathless. John pulled away but reattached his mouth to Sherlock’s neck.
So much has happened and tomorrow he leaves.
Sherlock has apparently taken too long to reply or even move and John has taken this as a bad sign. John lets go of Sherlock’s hands and steps away. John just nods and moves to turn back to the window.
“Boys, you came! We weren’t sure you would but I’m so happy you’re here. You can get to know Simon a lot better John.”
clothes and makes his way over.
John just looks confused but tells them to not behave like children for one evening.
From the darkness they could see Mrs Hudson silhouetted in the light.
He loves the other man. Plain and simple. He knows that now. If only Sherlock felt the same.
John chuckles and smiles at him.
Leaning on his forearms above Sherlock he lowers himself down and kisses him.
The Thai arrives and John moves over to his chair and they eat their food in peace, with Sherlock occasionally pinching a piece of Johns phad Thai.
“JOHN, I have a theory about what happened and it obviously isn’t a double suicide like Donovan suggested, really wondering why she got that promotion, but I do have a lead, so if you would kindly follow me John we shall go to St.Barts and Molly already has a cadaver ready for me to test my theory, should be fun. Come along John, goodbye Geoffrey”
Sherlock is pacing the flat now. Doesn’t know what to do.
He’s says picking up the phone. He speaks to Daniels and directs Sherlock to the conference room he put the evidence in, Daniels mumbled something about Donovan saying The Freak will want to see the evidence again probably so don’t bother putting it in storage yet cause somethings bound to go missing.
I do hope people will stick with me and you will enjoy my story either way. :)
“No need for protection John, I get a monthly test, thanks to Mycroft and I know you get tested before and after you deploy and I know your test results. Also thanks to Mycroft.”
“God I’ve missed this Sherlock.”
“No don’t worry John I was just leaving. Leaving my own flat that I’ve been driven out of by a bunch a idiots who are only here to see you one last time before you get shot again and worse, killed.”
“You really need to tell him you know”
As Greg predicted, Sherlock is sat next to him, Greg himself sitting on John’s other side opposite Mrs Hudson. Molly is opposite Sherlock so they can exchange more photos of corpses over lunch and Simon between her and Mrs Hudson. Mycroft, naturally, is at the head of the table on Greg’s left.
“You need to go now Sherlock. I’ll find out what I can about John and get back to you. Goodbye.”
That’s something else Sherlock has started doing since John has returned to Baker Street, cleaning up after himself instead of leaving it for John to do. They’d negotiated a cupboard for Sherlock’s science things in the kitchen which he could keep there on the condition that he puts it away every night and cleans the table making sure it’s alright to eat off of.
Sherlock has already deduced the present John has got him from his glance at the tree earlier but by is pleasantly surprised at the quality.
John whispers in his ear.
John looks a bit shocked but grins at Sherlock when he realises he means it.
They exchange pleasantries and Lestrade says he almost didn’t make it in. He spent twenty minutes arguing with his dry cleaner.
“Hey Sherlock, you finally answered, I know you must still be mad but I’m glad to see you”
John reached down and tugged the offending article up and over his head. Sherlock was disappointed at what lay beneath.
Sherlock then flicks his dressing gown dramatically and heads into the bathroom.
Sherlock didn’t know what to expect. He wanted to kiss John some more. He wanted to hold him. He wanted to touch every inch of the body he had er0been denied for years. But maybe John didn’t want that yet. He didn’t know John’s experience with men. Only his own, which was very limited.
Sherlock’s sighs defeatedly. “Fine.”
John just looked up at him and smiled. He slowly stood back up and cupped Sherlock’s face in his hands, kissing him softy.
John turns towards him and takes in what Sherlock is wearing. John’s eyes trail over his body and takes in every inch.
I apologise in advance.
Hanging up he phone John hops of the bed. “I’m going to have a quick shower and then we better be off to this crime scene. Lestrade sounded like he wanted it over with soon.”
Sherlock felt it in his toes and shouted out John’s name as he came. The orgasm ripped through him and he shuddered through it. When he started to come down from it, he felt John tense above him and says his name.
“What? Technically you’re a Captain in the British Army, so you need to dress like one. Even Lestrade will be in his policeman getup. The Superintendent and Chief Superintendent will be there and there’s a rumour that the Chief is thinking about retiring. So there will be a DCI spot available from next year. I’m pretty sure, thanks to my help of course, that Lestrade will be the prime candidate for the position.”
He does really need to tell Sherlock. But then his phone rings again, and this time it’s the army Doctor calling.
“Oh John. Sometimes I envy how simply you view the world.”
“Shit, sorry mate, I know it’s still raw for you with how everything ended as well but that day was just crap from start to finish, catching Sharon in bed then having to speed over to the call out where you and Sherlock were was an absolute nightmare”
Sherlock just sighed. “It’s obvious you’ve had lunch with him.”
John looks a bit shocked and turns a bit pink, then he seems to remember something and his express turns guarded.
He must have left on on before the case and someone was trying to Skype him. Sherlock was curious and pressed answer and Johns face appeared.
He removes his fingers and looks up at Sherlock, he asks if he’s positive about doing this without protection. Sherlock nods quickly.
“Mm Morning Sherlock.”
“And speaking of George, he is actually here because he and John are friends but being here is the closest thing he gets to other human interaction that isn’t his work colleagues or his delivery boy after his divorce”
They’ve never talked about any of this before but perhaps with last night, Sherlock should make his feelings know.
“Of course not John. It’s from you and I would never put it in harms way.”
She hugs John hard and says a goodbye and finally goes downstairs.
He greets them formally.
“That phone call, you leaving for most of the day, you told me of a bombing yesterday, the pitying look from Lestrade this morning, that delivery earlier. Blubbering Mrs Hudson”
Leaning towards her, speaking low and using his best intimidating voice he says, “Sally, if I ever hear anything like that about Sherlock come out of your mouth again I’ll make sure there’s a third body in that room and don’t think I’m not being truthful, just ask Lestrade about the mysterious shooter from Sherlock and my first case. Or how about you just check my military records of the multiple fatalities I inflicted whilst I was in Afghanistan, don’t think I was just a doctor. Is that clear?”
Sherlock hasn’t heard from John in three days.
Someone explains that the company was attacked coming back from the other base about 200 kilometres away and were coming to join up with the remaining people here. John helps take a stretcher into the medical tent and begins work, some of the men are lucky to be alive and some have missing limbs they’ll never get back.
“Not too bad mate. This house is a bit fancy ain’t it? But I guess it goes with its owner.”
Mycroft shuffles some papers on his desk and fails to not look annoyed.
Sherlock interrupts them.
He mumbles a greeting back.
John walks over to the Christmas tree and hands a present to Sherlock and grabs one for himself.
Hi all. This is my fan fic I’ve ever written so please be kind.
“Yes.”
Sherlock’s bored again and as it’s Christmas Eve morning now he decides to just sleep until the yard’s Christmas party tonight. He’s decided to go out of pure boredom.
Or worse.
“John!”
They said their goodbyes and John said “I’m miss you” softly, barely loud enough for Sherlock to hear and hung up.
Sherlock is interrupted from his thoughts of John when his phone starts ringing. He picks it up. Then puts it back down.
“I just have to say it’s an honour to meet you Doctor Watson.”
Somewhere in the background the clock strikes midnight and a new year begins.
They chat about the case from yesterday and Sherlock’s suddenly more animated as he explains to John his deductions, Johns already heard them but he loves the way Sherlock gets when he’s deducing.
He heard the key enter the lock and when the door swung open Sherlock heard a voice swear. Apparently upon inspecting the lock Lestrade has deduced that he hadn’t been broken into and that it was just Sherlock.
“I don’t want anything to get in the way of the work Sherlock. I thought you would want to be able to concentrate.”
Most of the base is asleep as it is nearly three o’clock in the morning but there are still Soldiers doing the night rounds and staying guard, one of whom is apparently someone John has to share the quarters with as there is only two other men fast asleep.
Sherlock looks disappointed but agrees.
Sherlock answered after the first ring and he assured him he had arrived safely and would call as much as possible. He would write some more as well. John had to hang up a short time later.
“I’ve not done anything wrong. And neither has John. We’re fine.”
“I’m sorry John. Do you not like it? It’s stupid isn’t it. I’ll just get you a jumper.”
Also sorry it’s really sappy but kinda not.
John signs off.
Sherlock looks over at John and he’s watching him. He smiles at John and it is returned. “Now, open yours.”
He’s only half listening when John starts to speak. Easier to protect his heart that way.
(See the end of the chapter for
John shows her how to use his phone to take a photo and she starts practicing while the boys move to the fireplace. Sherlock pretends to be annoyed but stands still for Mrs Hudson and when John places his hand on Sherlock’s lower back, Sherlock doesn’t move a muscle.
”Right, so you need the evidence again, I’ll have to call Daniels, he was in charge of the bagging and tagging last night, just hang on a tick and you can see your evidence.”
“So you’re not surprised by this information?”
“Okay, let’s start from the beginning. Obviously something happen on Christmas Eve with mistletoe and John. Lunch didn’t help the situation. You’re in love with John and don’t know if he feels the same, which is why you’ve come to me about relationship advice because you can’t talk to John or Mrs Hudson ‘cause she hasn’t dated since the ‘80’s. And Mycroft’s a prick.”
“Yes right, Listen Sherlock, after this bombing that’s happen they’re in dire need of reinforcements and they’ve asked.....”
“You worry me something Sherlock, these things you haven’t told me about. It makes me upset you were in such a dark place.”
Sherlock looked up at John. Trying to put all the things he felt for John into that look. John must have understood because he smiled warmly at Sherlock and dipped to kiss him.
“That’s very nice of you John. Shall we take Mrs Hudson’s present to her downstairs with some tea. It is Christmas morning after all.”
This horrible chapter is dedicated to the one and only:
They retrieve the violin and go back to the study. The boys continue to play there instruments and John and Greg chat.
“Thank you Sherlock. You look gorgeous yourself. As always.”
"Can't say I don't want to help but that's over for me now I've got other things, or rather one thing to keep me occupied", nodding towards Sherlock in the kitchen.
.........
“Sherlock. It’s perfect. I love it.
“Yoo hoo.” Mrs Hudson Call’s, interrupting them as she clambers up the stairs.
But before he can begin to speak, John steps closer to him and says, “Sherlock. I have to tell you something.”
“You can’t stop me Sherlock, I’m a doctor so I won’t be in the main action anyway”
Mrs Hudson just pulled her gown tighter around her and sighed, closing the flat door as she wandered back downstairs.
Sherlock sleeps until early afternoon when he gets a call from Lestrade. Finally a good murder to keep him busy.
“Thanks for the supply’s. Over there I mean. They came in very handy. We all appreciated it.”
Eventually it becomes time to leave and they get in the car. John doesn’t say anything when Sherlock rests his head on his shoulder for the duration of the journey, apparently asleep and Sherlock doesn’t remove John’s hand from his leg. Greg grins at him from the front mirror and John uses the other hand to flip him off.
He’s getting dizzy now. Light headed. The pain is excruciating. He turns his head towards the door with his last bit of strength. He is about to pass out. He hears yelling from the door. It’s not English. Men flood the room. Johns’ eyes close, he no longer has the energy to keep them open.
John just sighs. No. No they haven’t. If anything it’s worse ‘cause he’s just confused now.
“I thought you were about to play your violin”
Molly spots them before they spot Molly. She pushes her way through the crowd towards them, pulling her boyfriend behind her. She gives John a massive hug hello.
“Bloke? Mycroft’s gay? I thought Sherlock was just being a prick?”
“Jesus Sherlock.”
“Captain.” Is all she says as she hands it over and nods, retreating back down the stairs.
Sherlock moaned at the words John whispered into his ear and ground particularly hard against John. He felt John’s own cock twitch on his right leg in response. John apparently also shared the sentiment about wanting to touch him everywhere, his hand traveling lower to Sherlock’s hardening cock.
“John!” He called as he bounded down the alley towards the road for a cab.
“Fuck off Sherlock. I saw you check him out as well. He’s not into blokes though, so you’d better stick with John.”
...........
They smile at each other and Sherlock’s stomach is unsettled and it feels like the thing people call ‘butterflies’ and he doesn’t ever want to break eye contact with John.
:Plz let me know if you like the OG characters and if they fit. Thanks :)
Sherlock is standing right in front of the door when it opens and is distracted by Johns strong arms and light trail of golden hair that dips below Johns towel, oh how he would like to see where that trail goes.
The whole place looks very familiar to the set up in Afghanistan and John feels very relaxed despite the circumstances. John has some time before he’s due to meet the Colonel so he makes his way to the kitchen window to grab some breakfast and thanks the man serving him.
“Why are you more frustrated than normal Sherlock?”
John thinks that he’s broken his promise to Sherlock.
“Go ahead, this can wait I suppose”
“HURRY JOHN”
“Mrs Hudson, delighted you could make it, you brought your luggage? The driver will take you to your sisters whenever you’re ready.”
“I’ve missed you too Sherlock. Let’s go home”
When Sherlock turns back to John, he is watching Sherlock. Not even glancing at the view before them. Sherlock’s heart races faster and John steps towards him. John reaches a hand out to Sherlock and watches him. Sherlock hesitatingly takes John’s hand with his own. John smiles.
Then chasing said suspect only to have him be innocent and then back to St Bart’s and then down to Scotland Yard to speak again to Lestrade.
She grins and releases them from a hug and drags them to the bar. Mrs Hudson has already made herself comfortable and was chatting away to Greg, who’s sat with a beer in his hand.
....................
Greg coughs awkwardly, still in the room, not that either of them notice but they both turn to look at him and at the same time Johns phone rings.
The medical area is actually quite a large cement building as well as the sheds and bunkers that he assumes hold weapons and ammunition.
After about twenty seconds of nothing John speaks up.
Not a Chapter.
0Now you’re just being condescending John it’s an unattractive quality on you and does nothing to help your point that this is a good idea”
Thanks for reading. Sorry about Sherlock being a bit of an arsehole. He’ll get better I promise.
But the right wall is just a massive chalkboard. The entire wall is filled with Sherlock’s thoughts. Equations, song notes, case deductions, drawings of things John doesn’t even know what they are but they’re certainly amazing. There is sheet music and case files strewn about over every surface and his violin is sitting in his desk. Apparently where he left it, not a speck of dust on it.
No answer.
They both find another drink and some food to eat.The champagne they are handing around is actually very nice.
Sherlock propped his feet up on John’s lap and grabbed his tea. John grabbed his ankle.
John walks up behind him and wraps his arms around him. Sherlock relaxes into John.
“Sherlock. I did try to call you earlier so you wouldn’t find out this way. I am sincerely sorry that this has happened. Do you and Mrs Hudson need anything? I can come over? I’ll bring Gregory or Molly? What do you need Sherlock?”
After a very short nap the doorbell rings. Sherlock lets Mrs Hudson get it. Probably salesmen again. God Sherlock detests them.
.........………
“You love the attention Sherlock, always have”
Lestrade turned red.
The case doesn’t take long and they’re back the next morning. After a long sleep they’re finally having some late lunch when Sherlock’s phone rings again.
They begin bickering and Mrs Hudson tries to stop them but it’s John who manages to quite them. He just places his phone on the table and that silenced them both immediately. The threat of calling their mother is enough. Also John’s hand on Sherlock’s knee under the table probably helps as well.
“Sherlock wait. Sit and talk to me. Please.”
John clears his throat again and says, “Sherlock. Could you move?”
Greg just huffs a laugh, “Don’t worry Sherlock.” He grins.
The plates of food on the kitchen table is enough to feed more than just the two of them. And there certainly will be enough leftovers for lunch and dinner.
Sherlock hums in agreement.
The grip that John has on Sherlock’s hips tightens and he lets out a breathe.
This is it.
“Yeh definitely. Missed everything far too much. This one included.”
Sherlock was only barely listening to him. He was relieved to finally see John again.
Sherlock moaned. He had never experienced the sensations that were spreading throughout his body towards his groin. John was deftly undoing his top shirt buttons to mouth further down his neck.
When Sherlock has finished and the talking has commenced again, John offers to make some more tea and insists Mrs Hudson remains seated. He’s cleaning up the plates from earlier when the kettle goes off.
“Shit.” Is heard sworn from a couple meters away.
Simon, who did shake hands with both John and Sherlock, now looks a bit guilty.
“Right. Yes. Good.”
Time will tell.
“Great thanks Mycroft. Greg here yet? Mrs Hudson said you invited him.”
John thinks he would like that but looks down to his bath water, the bubbles have dissipated and decides that he doesn’t particularly want to frighten his flatmate.
Suddenly there was the sound of a door opening and a light spreading into the hallway. They broke apart quickly, Sherlock pulled his belstafe tightly around him to hide his half open shirt and erection. John just adjusted his pants and combed a hand through his hair.
“Ah yes, that swim in the Thames looked wonderfully refreshing George.”
When the last patient is cleared and moved to the medical bays John is honestly shocked to not have another person put down in front of him. John pulls of his blood soaked gloves and finally exits the tent to see the sun just rising on the horizon.
artery in his arm and the blood from his stomach is pulsing almost as fast. John is filled with dread. He reaches for the pack and sets to work. Even though he know how this will end.
PS: Heavy Smut is this chapter. Tags have been updated to reflect.
“Right, that’s great then. Shall we open presents.”
Sherlock is too busy in his mind palace to hear John emerge from his bedroom and go into the kitchen.
John must have noticed the way Sherlock was looking at him and suggested they make their way to the bedroom, sheding the rest of their clothes.
“Sherlock put that down please I need to speak to you. Properly, without interruptions, it’s very important”
“Yes okay Sherlock. I’m sure I can look into it. But as repayment,”
“I heard that John." Sherlock says without even lifting his head from his work.
“Exactly. I’ve been doing it for years and he should’ve picked up a few things. Gregory isn’t stupid enough that after all these years he still needs my help.”
John leaves to his room and as they have a few hours before dinner, he decides to take his time and indulge in things he won’t be able to have for a long while. He hops in the shower for a wank and a quick wash and then fills the bath and adds some bubbles and waits for it to fill as he shaves.
“Sherlock stop it, you’re pissing everyone off” John’s angry again.
“Gavin needs my help too much, he would never listen to Mycroft.”
Sherlock walked to follow him into the bathroom but John tutted and shut the door.
After some lunch they end up in bed again.
Turning to evaluate Lestrade again he reconsiders. “Actually lunch is today. That’s why you’re eager to get this solved before lunch and why you called me in.”
“Also, I think you and John should’ve gotten your act together ages ago. You really do fit together perfectly. I’m happy the two of you are finally working things out.”
His injured leg is also trapped beneath a pile of rumble. The roof has seemingly been unstable. He looks around the room and spots Smith. She lying face down and there’s blood trickling slowly from her shoulder. Fuck. Jesus Christ what the hell is going on.
A muffled ‘fuck off Sherlock’ was heard as Lestrade drudged up the stairs, already having removed his soaked work boots.
“Sherlock.” John calls softly, Sherlock must have been deeper in thought than he realised because John was shaking his arm a bit. “Sherlock, where did you go?”
John squeezed his hips lightly, “Oi, this is my favourite jumper I’ll have you know.”
“You like him”
John just nods at the hostility and walks toward the Doctors room for his physical assessment.
John groans on the inside, here we go.
John’s got that look in his eye. The one that always end up with Sherlock’s heart broken. The look he had before he says somethings stupid like “I’m spending the rest of my life with someone who’s not you.” or “I’m going back overseas to get myself killed.” Sherlock is paraphrasing of course.
John looks breathtaking. Freshly shaven and hair neatly styled, his garb tailored perfectly to the John he is today not the John that left ten months ago. Bloody Mycroft did this on purpose. Sherlock properly takes in John’s form. His arms and shoulders have defined again, back to before Mary, and has lost his little beer belly he had started to grow.
The giggles subsided and their breathing evened out a bit before either of them moved away. John pulled back and looked up at Sherlock.
Having only had 2 hours sleep from a nap at his desk, Lestrade is sleep deprived and has the shakes as he practically inhales his seventh or eighth coffee in 3 hours, he honestly can’t remember, having more than a dozen or two throughout the night.
They leave the car and Sherlock spots Sally immediately and John makes his way over to her, Sherlock hesitant to follow.
“God Sherlock, I Love you.”
“Sherlock Holmes.”
He arrives at the office at exactly 0858 and knocks on the door twice. The door is opened by the Lieutenant Colonel from the plane but there are two other people in the room, his old friend Colonel Peterson and someone he doesn’t know.
Thank you so much for reading and I hoped you enjoyed.
Sherlock groans in annoyance as John once again stops his actions.
Mycroft excuses himself to check on lunch and Mrs Hudson follows to ‘supervise’. Molly and Sherlock are looking at cadavers on her phone and poor Simone looks very grave staring at the screen as they deduct time of death. John grabs a beer and heads over to Lestrade, they can sit through this craziness together, if he asks about Mycroft as well, that’s just two birds.
“Also there is a recreation room in the main building with a tv and some books for when you have down time and also we’ve updated the communications room with two phones and a computer to email or Skype family members but because of availability you only get one hour each week to use this facility.”
“Sorry Mr Holmes, but your 10:00 is here.”
0I don’t know about famous, but yes I’m John Watson”
When it rings again he puts it on silent.
The two men do not introduce themselves and obviously they are the ones assigned to protect John. Great, he thinks, babysitters is exactly what he needs. But SS Smith greets John and they talk while they leave the base.
Sherlock sighs. “Yes John but I can easily shut the website down for a couple of days or put up a “shagging. back in ten.” sign.”
John takes off his coat and shoes by the door and heads into the kitchen, Sherlock making his way to the bathroom.
“Thank you Lestrade. I do hope you will make an effort and get off that couch this evening, it’s been two hundred and four days since you last had intercourse and it will release some tension. Tonight will be like shooting fish in a barrel due to the festivities. Excuse the horrible metaphor. Evening Greg.”
He need to make sure Sherlock will be okay and looked after while he’s gone. He still doesn’t know how Sherlock will react, probably not even care that Johns leaving, won’t even notice he’s gone most of the time.
It's his old superior from Afghanistan Colonel Peterson and he asks John how he's doing. They make small talk about how John's recovered and John inquires as to where he's stationed at the moment.
He decides not to dwell anymore and if he waits any longer he’ll be late. He grabs his duffle and walks down the stairs to the waiting car.
The count down get louder as it hits single digits.
They stop again in front of the flat door to argue some more.
NOT A CHAPTER
There are small buildings with writing on the door he assumes are for the senior officers and the tents for the soldiers to sleep in are actual structures made with heavy duty canvas and metal. There a plenty of people walking around, some armed, some not, all wearing the same as him except maybe those without the top jacket layer of the uniform.
John places the box on the coffee table in the living room.
They’d almost been caught by Mrs Hudson. She had already assumed there’d been shagging the whole time but for her to accidentally see it was a different thing.
“Evening boys. You both clean up alright.”
“Thanks?” Lestrade muttered to himself and John, who looked confused.
“Sherlock what does it say, it’s not English.”
“And to rub it in that everyone leaves me eventually, and a side prize is that he gets to ogle Grant while doing so”
Sherlock’s mother and Mrs Hudson insist he play something on his violin. So the flat turns silent except Sherlock’s playing.
He heads into the bathroom to get himself presentable and wrap his dressing gown around him before entering the kitchen.
He clutches John’s pillow to his chest. The ache is getting worse. His heart feels like it’s about to explode. John isn’t coming back. John promised he would come home and he’s broken that promise.
Sherlock missed John already.
............
“No you’re not going, even if you were fit for active duty, which I doubt, I won’t let you go.”
“Tell who what?”
Moving over to the couch he settles in for a nice nap.
“Okay Sherlock, if you’re so brilliant, why don’t you play.”
Turning back into her flat she called out to them as she shut the door.
They all move into the kitchen and sit around the small table, Mrs Hudson joins them as well. She seems to be getting along well with Mrs Holmes.
There patrol is pretty standard and nothing exciting happens and Johns okay with that, a calm first day is what he needs. When they return to base he promises the twins that he’ll meet them for dinner later but goes to the communication room and tries to call Sherlock.
“Morning” they say in unison and John says a greeting in return and the Staff Sergeant introduces herself to both of them and it takes the topic off him for now.
And hangs up.
“I can take you home Detective Inspector, if you are in need of transportation”
John. It’s John. Sherlock can’t believe it. He freezes for a second. He could be hearing things. Johns in Syria. Sherlock half stands half turns around and does some sort of weird spin and nearly unbalances himself. But strong arms are there to steady him and he looks at the person in front of him. It’s John.
“My brothers only here to be a prick”
They wind their way through the other people hand in hand and they get closer to their destination. Even John can deduce what they’re doing now.
“Control yourself Mycroft. I’m sure even you can do that for the duration of lunch.”
Imagine his surprise when DI. Lestrade walks out of Mycroft’s office.
“Yeh” John smiles and says softly “Bit not good”
Sherlock takes a few seconds to realise John’s lips are actually on his. His hands move to John’s waist, John’s left still holding the nape of his neck and the other resting on his shoulder.
Smith makes her way over, she looks worried.
Lestrade is apparently not aware of Mycroft’s need of formality in front of his brother.
After using the bathroom and putting on a dressing gown, he made his way into the sitting room.
“Sherlock dear, go back to bed, it not even six in the morning.”
“Hello John, I’ve just had your results come in. You’re all clear to be deployed, the main office has asked me to tell you that you’re to be at the main barracks for a flight out at 0600 hours tomorrow mrow morning” John just sighs,
He feels safe but unnerved and tense like he’s waiting for something. After a few hours they leave the safe zone into known enemy territory. John doesn’t like this. Doesn’t like it at all.
She hugs John as she leaves whispering in his ear.
John follows walking past Donovan, but hearing her mumble something under her breath about how Sherlock is psychotic and that he should have stayed dead makes him stop in his tracks.
“Yes Hello John, I’m calling to see how Sherlock’s taken the news, I assume you’ve told him you’re deploying again”
“ Ah right, violin to help u think”
Sally honestly looks shocked and a bit surprised by the anger in Johns voice but she realised long ago how deep Johns loyalty and protectiveness over Sherlock goes. If the crime scene she was called to just over 8 months ago with Sherlock covered in blood, some not his own, and John handing a gun over for evidence to some sort of government agent while his wife’s body was being wheeled away, is anything to go by.
“Sherlock. Sherlock, you’ve zoned out again. If this is too much for you we can keep doing what we’ve been doing.”
Sherlock’s voice has raised significantly and the other few patrons that are finishing their meal start to look over. Sherlock calms down suddenly.
Molly all but drags Simon along with her.
They begin unwrapping.
It didn’t take long before John was moaning his name and warning Sherlock of his oncoming orgasm. Sherlock just swallowed it down and kissed his way back up to John’s face.
“Okay love, you’re going to need to relax. I’m going to go slowly but if you feel any pain or discomfort tell me and I’ll stop.”
“Your brother?”
“Yeh I know mate. He’s Sherlock bloody Holmes, he wouldn’t be him if he wasn’t a prick occasionally” John laughs lightly.
Lestrade just huffs a laugh.
“Okay I’m leaving now. Goodbye Sherlock. I’ll...I’ll miss you”
“Right I’m off then Greg, call me about that pub night when this is all over, best be on my way”
“Yes sherlock. This is real. I’m yours for as long as you’ll have me.”
I’m soooo sorry this took so long to put up. It’s still not great writing but thanks for reading. :)
“I’ll make you both some tea. But don’t eat much this afternoon. The Detective Inspector said there’s going to be a lot of food at the Yard’s Christmas party tonight.”
“Gavin, what are you doing in my flat”
A/N: Hi, now that I’ve finished this fic I’ve been told that I should pre-warn that their will be a major character death. If you feel like this would discourages you from reading I understand but I am letting you know this is only fic one in a three fic collection.
“What do you mean Thai? That’s not what I was going to talk to you about”
“He seems alright.”
........
Sherlock doesn’t stay a second longer and flys down the stairs with John hot on his heels.
“Really Lestrade I just want to know if he feels the same, not propose.”
Sherlock woke up warm. A solid, warm body half draped over his. John. John and he had been intimate last night. It wasn’t a dream. John loved him.
“Oi Sherlock” John says louder this time using his Captain Watson voice that Sherlock’s seems to always listen to.
But on Johns bedside rested his old dog tags. Sherlock sat on John’s bed and debated with himself.
This is the story I set out to write and if you would like to keep reading the first chapter of the Mystrade fic will be added in a week or so.
John sudden change in topic means he must be overwhelmed or he feels awkward talking about Sherlock’s sex life. Or lack thereof currently. John can fix that right now if he wants but Sherlock will give him time. He lets John steer the conversation to a safer topic.
“It’s not ticking so it’s not a bomb.”
They have another round but Sherlock tops this time before they pass out from exhaustion.
His heart races as they reached the top. The eye stops moving and John looks confused.
Also I hope everyone had a great Christmas and Happy New Year. :)
John just laughs and Sherlock moves to grab the remote. John just moves it over the arm of the couch out of Sherlock’s reach. That makes Sherlock more annoyed.
Oh. Sherlock hasn’t replied. He’s sure he did say something. Unless it was just in his head again. He hasn’t given any indication about how he feels about John’s declaration.
“No, I’ll be gone for a while Sherlock, I don’t know when I’ll be back”
He resumes his work on Sherlock’s cock and Sherlock moans loudly. He’s just on the edge when Sherlock’s phone rings.
John looks over at Sherlock but he just looks annoyed and mumbles something that sounds like ‘bored’. John won’t push for a tour but would like one, the house seems fantastic.
He returns to his tent and readies himself for the patrol. Heading to grab supplies he meets up with Fred and George and soon meets LC Knight and Sarah at the trucks.
“or going into the bathroom”
Ah, Gavin will be there. Oh Sherlock can torture his brother. The tables have turned.
“Yes” she quickly replies.
“Oh boys, now’s not the time to have a domestic. I’ve invited some of your friends over as a goodbye to John”
Nine boring minutes later, the Detective Inspector emerged and headed to the kitchen. He threw a frozen lasagna packet, single serve, into the microwave and grabbed a beer from the fridge, sitting down in his armchair across from Sherlock.
“Yes John, Angelo’s sounds perfect”
Hey everyone, I’m sorry this took forever but it took me a long time to write. Anyway enjoy :)
“I would love for us to be intimate Sherlock but we should talk about it.”
On his way he notices about ten people unloading one of the supplies trucks that came with them in the convoy the previous night.
“Of course Sherlock having three meals a day is the most important thing. Or otherwise all this chasing around after criminals would break the man.” Sherlock grimaces, but his mother finally lets go to hold him at an arms length. She’d squints at him.
They put there coats on without saying a word and walking out onto the street Sherlock lets John hail a cab and opens the door for him as well.
Sherlock just nods.
The two of just stand there for a minute until they’re called upon by Sherlock who is on the roof of the building blabbering on about adhesive and masks.
“Sherlock. Sherlock, you need to let go a bit. Not completely but I still need to breathe.”
John grab’s the back of Sherlock’s neck with his hand and pulls him down.
He just looked at Sherlock when he walked in, not even blinking, like it was a regular occurrence. It was.
His back arches and he stills. He coming into Sherlock right now so he can’t think. His brain is just white with pleasure.
“Hey Sherlock” John sounds tired and defeated. Sherlock knows why.
They crash into bed a little after midnight with John murmuring a tired “Happy Birthday” to Sherlock before they both pass out.
“Sorry how do you know Mycroft? And for the record I’m not actually sleeping with Sherlock”
“Sherlock. Sherlock, do you want tea?”
“Oh god yes.”
“I’m glad you have such confidence in me Sherlock. I mean, I have been around you long enough to pick a few things up”
John just smiles at him and lifts one hand to his cheek.
John looks over at Sherlock who is animatedly demonstrating to Molly what it would look like as the killers knife enters her scared boyfriends chest. He smiles while looking at Sherlock, he truely did miss him.
This lunch should be fun.
Sherlock can’t believe it. John’s lips are actually on his. Warm and smooth against his own. Just as he feels John about to pull away he adds more pressure. Moving his hands to the small of John’s back he pull him closer. Their bodies almost flush against each other now.
“Imaging how I feel. Seeing Lestrade all the time, he’s constantly looking for Mycroft to turn up at a crime scene or make any excuse to see him. I swear that’s the only reason he calls me to crime scenes half the time.”
Knight and John have both barely yelled “TAKE COVER,” when the first bullet rings out. The silence has disappeared but the ripple of the gunfire is deafening.
John wraps his lips back around Sherlock’s penis and continues to work his finger in. He adds more lube and a second when he thinks Sherlock is ready. A third soon after. He scissors his fingers and opens Sherlock further. He thinks he’s ready.
The car takes John to the base and upon arrival John puts his beret on, grabs his duffle and exits the car.
There’s a deeper meaning to that comment and John doesn’t have time to dig.
This is all from my imagination except the existing characters.
He takes a long sip before turning his attention to Sherlock.
Sherlock spends a lot of the time spouting off random facts about the paintings and artists to John, who is genuinely interested, while Sherlock’s parents follow behind.
“If you leave tomorrow John. Don’t bother coming back at all”
John grins, downs his beer, and follows Sherlock out the door. Sherlock takes him through out the entire house, even the greenhouse outside and the conservatory. Sherlock says that the door to Mycroft’s art room is locked, and for good reason, Sherlock says his brother paintings are ‘an appalling insult to real art’. John thinks Sherlock is just a bit jealous.
“Yes. Oh god yes.” Sherlock managed to whisper, sounding breathless. This was consent enough for John, who swiftly pulled Sherlock’s pants and trousers down to his feet in one go. Sliding his hands back up Sherlock’s legs John began to mouth at the base of Sherlock’s cock, which was standing erect against his bare stomach. Splaying one hand on Sherlock’s hip, he used the other to hold the base of Sherlock’s cock, licking a stripe along the underside from root to tip.
John just nods and listens to her go on about her military history and how long she’s been deployed for and then suddenly there’s another two people sitting down with them, either side of him.
“Nothing like that, we just talked about my promotion and that if I do well in my twelve month review they might decide to promote me to Detective superintendent.” John’s impressed.
Sherlock likes John being confident again. He finds it, entertaining, to watch John be assertive and be Captain Watson sometimes.
When Sherlock emerges from his room he looks gorgeous in a dark charcoal suit that John has never seen before.
They watch Lestrade retreat to the lift and disappear behind the doors.
Their bags are loaded on board and they are seated in the cargo plane.
“Sherlock” he begins, not knowing how to explain that he’ll be leaving for a unknown amount of time and what he will be doing.
Now he’ll never see John again. Never hold him again. Never kiss him. Never feel John inside him. Never feel John’s love again. His heart breaks. Slowly, piece by piece until there is nothing left. He is hollow. He is a shell. He is nothing. He is nothing without John Hamish Watson.
“What do we need to talk about.”
He double checks he has everything packed and leaves his bag at the end of his bed and his uniform hanging up. As he received new dog tags he leaves his old ones on his bedside table.
Sherlock just blinks. He doesn’t know what to say. He just stands there frozen to the spot. He didn’t expect that. He’s pretty sure John has just confessed his undying love for him. It’s unbelievable. Truely, Sherlock doesn’t believe him. But when he looks in John’s eyes he has never seen him look so sincere and Sherlock almost cries with relief. John wants him too. Wants to be with him forever.
Sally definitely knows not to mess with John Watson.
Sherlock flicks his eyes to John lips and back again. As if asking for permission. John grins.
“It won’t be the same John. You know how much I detest Christmas. This just gives me another reason.”
John decides to have a quick wash before dinner and just as he reaches his tent there’s a commotion from the west gate and a patrol flies in.
“Thank you very much Mycroft.” He smiles broadly and allows her to hug him. He ushers her inside and turns to his brother and John.
But John Watson has to serve his country. “I have to go Sherlock”
“Shut up John.”
“We’re fine. That’s what’s wrong.”
“I’m surprised you let your staff have the day off Mycroft, but I’m sure you have enough experience with food that you know what you’re doing.”
“Mycroft? What’s Mycroft got to do with my service gear?”
He holds the door open for Sherlock. Sherlock’s still confused as to why he and his brother where talking so openly. That hasn’t happened since they were teenagers.
“Whatever did happen to Mary and their child? Mycroft won’t tell us, he says it’s for you or John to tell us what’s happened. It can’t have been good if John’s living back here with you again. Even though they had their problems, no marriage is ever perfect, they both seemed excited to be having a baby.”
“Ergh, don’t mention him to me please. He’s probably off shagging my brother.”
Mycroft looks sympathetic, Sherlock’s never seen that look on his face before either.
That’s definitely not how he imagined this evening ending.
John clears his throat and breaks their eye contact first.
Sherlock braces for impact. Locks his heart back up and uses his brain again. John’s about to say that he’s met someone. Or he moving out. Or he’s staying overseas indefinitely. Sherlock’s not sure he can handle what’s coming now. He takes a deep breath and reminds himself that he’s Sherlock Holmes. He doesn’t do feelings or caring. Mycroft’s voice in his head says ‘Caring is not an advantage.’
When his eyes trailed to his hairline there was a dark red patch and Sherlock immediately knew it was blood and almost began to panic, then he remember John was a doctor and it probably wasn’t his.
John cleans Sherlock up and prods his fingers at Sherlock’s hole to check for damage. When Sherlock moans, John suggests he ‘check’ his prostrate for damage. A whimper from Sherlock confirms that’s exactly what he wants. It doesn’t take long for Sherlock to become fully hard again with Johns’ fingers slowly sliding in and out of his wet hole.
“No, I know Sherlock I’m just a bit distracted to concentrate on your thought process at the moment”
Johns still stuck at the first bit,
He didn’t want to say goodbye to John because he felt that if he said it then it would be goodbye forever.
“I wouldn’t say that necessarily. My brother has just arrived.”
They says their goodbyes and John turns to go back into the conference room but is stopped my Lestrade standing by the door, obviously having heard Johns call.
Sherlock finally got up from the couch and showered, put a pot of tea on and reheated some lunch Mrs Hudson has put in the refrigerator.
“Oh there’s Sally. I need to speak to her about girls night next week. Good to see you guys. Have a good night.”
Sherlock’s bored again. So he decides to go see Mycroft for cases. And if he happens to ask him to do something about John’s leave then that’s purely coincidental.
No response. John is beginning to look worried. Sherlock just looks above them, hoping John gets his hint. John does look. And he freezes also.
“George are you even listening to me? I need to see the crime scene evidence again because your clueless staff have already cleaned up the crime scene without me solving the case. Honestly they were less useless when Anderson was here and he was an idiot”
“Sherlock, even though I’ve done a few things with a bloke before, I haven’t done that. The whole thing.”
John clears his throat and looks at Sherlock. Sherlock just stares back.
More fun in the next one.
He holds up the antique violin bow and inspects it. It’s in very good condition. He wonders where John got it from.
Sherlock’s bored.
This comes from Fred.
“Bit not good John?” Sherlock asks looking towards him with a expression Lestrades never seen before.
Now that Sherlock has experienced what absolute love is, he won’t ever be parted from John ever again. When John returns he wishes he could lock the doors to the flat and they could stay there forever. Safe in 221B.
And as if by magic Sherlock appeared practically bouncing over to them with excitement.
Hey guys sorry this took so long.
They smile again and John nods.
“So you’re the famous Captain John Watson M.D. I’m Staff Sergeant Sarah Smith, a mouthful I know but everyone just calls me S.”
It’s all he’s capable of now. John has rendered him speechless.
John laughs, “He’s always been an arsehole Greg, whether I’m here or not”
“Sherlock I’m aware you don’t watch the news for whatever reason but at the moment there is a very bad political militia and extremist groups in Syria that have now moved to start killing and bombing civilians and civilian buildings and there was a hospital bombed just yesterday”
John moved and unattached himself from Sherlock, rubbing a hand over his face.
They calm down and Sherlock tries to get the syrup off with his tongue, which nearly sets John off laughing again, so he resorts to a napkin.
“He’s not here yet.” Sally yells to them as they walk away. “Some problem with his dry cleaning, he’ll be here later.”
He thouroughly enjoyed what he and John did last night but he wanted more. He wanted to reciprocate what John had done to him and do even more. But he’d have to see how far John wanted to go.
“I know love.” John tightens his grip, places a small kiss on Sherlock’s neck and let’s go, returning to the sitting room.
“Goodnight boys.”
Anyway 10 minutes later Sherlock emerges from the bathroom in his pyjamas, another set thank god, not the ones he spent all day in and takes his tea, muttering a thanks and goes near the fireplace to sit in his chair and flick through his phone.
Sherlock emerges from the bathroom and announces he is ready and John must hurry as there’s a murderer to catch.
Away from Sherlock.
She stamps out her smoke with her heel. She herself is dressed in her police service uniform and looks nice.
“Christ Sherlock, Sulfur, really? I leave the house with strict instructions to not blow anything up and your idea of that is to burn it down with Sulfur instead”
”Sorry Angelo” John yells as he races out the door.
“First Christmas not being the other women?”
Again, I’m sorry.
They are greeted in Aleppo by the rest of the convoy and some of the local forces that are fighting with them and handed weapons and packs.
In the daylight John can see the base better, he notices the concrete walls with barbed wire on the top and the four guarded checkpoints to enter and leave through.
“Sherlock, I’m going out for a few hours okay? I’ll be back later on.”
He seems surprised to see Sherlock. Almost a deer in the headlights look on his face. Mycroft, standing behind him however, looks as collected as always.
After they debrief him they direct him towards the airfield at the back of the base and he greets his commanding officer Lieutenant Colonel H. Ford and two subordinates that will be going with them.
“Right. That’s tradition over with then. Goodnight Sherlock.”
He just needed something of John. Seeing him again today made Sherlock realise how long the next three hundred and sixty three days would be until John returned to him.
When they arrive at the crime scene Lestrade declares that they must call him Detective Chief Inspector. Sherlock declares he’ll still just call him Lestrade and bounces off to find the bodies, Donovan trailing after him yelling about protocol. John hangs back to congratulate Greg.
It was just as it was every time John wasn’t living there.
“Less about the hard work and dedication, more about budget cuts I reckon. And maybe some upstairs political influence to be honest.”
“I miss you too John” Sherlock said to a blank screen.
~••••••••••••••~
“Haven’t know him well enough to know if that’s the truth. But at least I’ll still be able to come out to crime scenes, if they’re big enough. Officially I start the Job next Monday and I’m dreading spending my days at a desk if I’m honest. I do still have ten to fifteen years of work until I retire if I’ve saved enough and I don’t particularly want to do that chained to a desk.”
- Un-edited again. Soz.
“Wonderful, thanks Sally, have a good night” he smiles at her and walks away.
John, always the gentleman.
John knows he doesn’t mean it but suddenly he’s even more furious.
John leaves early the next morning.
“John.” Sherlock says suddenly.
John laughs.
This continued until the afternoon, Mrs Hudson bringing lunch and tea up but Sherlock didn’t even acknowledge she was there. Sherlock got sick of playing and lay down on the couch in his mind palace and only when his phone rang in his bedroom did he get up.
“John, while I retrieve my violin, would you like to accompany me and I shall give you that tour you wanted earlier.”
Sherlock’s never spoken about this to anyone before. Never mind that it’s with Mycroft.
“Absolutely not darling. It’s a big birthday today, there’s no way I’m missing that. It’s been fourty years since you emerged from my womb and I think that deserves more than a card, don’t you.” Sherlock turns an even darker red and Johns restrained laugh is heard in the kitchen.
Sherlock was mouthing around John’s hardening penis and John hummed sleepily. John might still be half asleep but his penis certainly wasn’t.
“Hmm, sorry John I was just thinking.”
“John, may we please have penetrative intercourse? You promised we could for my birthday.” John chokes on his tea.
Sherlock’s about to alienate everyone who would care for him while he’s gone.
Sherlock tightens his hold on John. John’s eyes piercing into his soul. It’s yours now John, Sherlock thinks. My whole being is yours, forever.
“John,” she asks, “What’s wrong? Did you get hit? Where?” She begins the check him over but he points towards his leg and moves it to show her.
John’s smile disappears and he straightens up automatically.
Finally Sherlock has something to occupy his time with, however tedious and unfortunately misses a call from John later that afternoon.
Sherlock just give him a look that says ‘when have I ever been subtle’ John just sighs.
That dampens Johns mood for the rest of his visit to the base. He is directed to the field medic area to familiarise or re-familiarise himself with all procedures and equipment. That takes longer than he would have liked but still he’s done and off the base just after 5. He arrives home nearly an hour later.
“That’s exactly what it means.”
“No you’re not leaving me.”
“Gavin, unless you have a case for me I would prefer it if you could leave, I’m very busy today”
“You boys better start getting ready, we’re expected at your brothers at twelve o’clock. He’s sending a car around and it’ll be here in an hour.”
“Yeh yeh I’m coming out now give me a minute”
“Ah, you’ve been Mycroft’d as well then.”
“Do you research all of this stuff Sherlock? How do you know about it?”
John tries to blinks back the stinging in his eyes. He can’t move, can barely see. He’s in such searing pain and his stomach won’t stop bleeding no matter how much pressure he puts on it.
Sherlock nodded, incapable of words. But John asked again, apparently needing verbal conformation.
I’m sorry about the last chapter.
If this chapter distressed you in any way please read the AN/Spoiler note I’ve added in the next chapter.
Lying on his bed he stares at the ceiling. To were John must lay in his own bed above. He brings his fingertips to his lips and he doesn’t quite believe what has happened.
Sherlock retreats to the bathroom and John escorts Mrs hudson back downstairs and comforts her for a while.
John is working on George when suddenly he is jolted backward and hits his head on the floor. There’s ringing in his ears. Fuck. Fuck, they have a RPG. The buildings foundations shake. He can faintly hear gunfire and Smith is waving her hands in front of him, yelling at him. The blast must have impaired his hearing. Shit.
John shakes Lieutenant Colonel Knight’s hand.
Sherlock’s about to make himself some tea when his laptop rings. It must be John. He’ll be calling to let Sherlock know if he’ll be home for Christmas.
Automatically his face grew into a massive smile.
Sherlock then proceeds to grind his pelvis against John. The grip tightens further.
But he needed advice first. Someone who had experience with relationships who wasn’t John or seventy years old. So he begrudgingly went to the only other person who knew about these things.
John stands and automatically walks to the kitchen door.
who’s comments have always been so welcome and I want to thank you for your support. I hope you and others will join me in the next adventure.
God, he’s gonna miss this.
Sherlock reaches for Mrs Hudson’s present under the tree and hears a soft clinking sound when he stands back up.
Sherlock retreats to the bathroom and is quick about his shower and shave. He emerges not long after and heads back into the sitting room where he can hear Mrs Hudson and two other voices.
Sherlock looks back down at John.
They walk out doors to the balcony and everyone is gathered around the bar chatting, but Molly spots them and come rushing over.
“Right, will do, good luck with that”.
“Mrs Hudson ever the optimist, why are you here? Why do you continue to impose yourselves on our lives? You’re just our landlady”
The inside of the house if far less extravagant and more so at the same time. It’s sparse but tasteful and incredibly functional, definitely suiting Mycroft to a tee.
“Shit.”
I’m looking for a Brit-picker and beta if anyone is interested.
“Speaking of food, Mrs Hudson has left some lunch in the fridge for later on as well as what I’ve brought”
“One can appreciate beauty without finding themselves sexual aroused. Just because I may find him attractive does not mean I want to have sex with him.”
Sherlock is staring frustratingly at John while John tries not to laugh on the phone.
“We won’t arrive in Hamra until late tonight or early tomorrow morning depending on how smooth the ride is.”
Sherlock calls from where he is with Molly.
So without further ado this chapter is dedicated to the lovely DaringD and the amazing Bomuki.
“John.” Sherlock whines. “Can’t we just do it now. I don’t want to wait for my birthday.”
Sherlock just stares as John reaches out and intwines their hands together. John smiles at a stunned sherlock.
They appear to be moving. Knight has apparently instructed Fred to find an exit.
“So you’re back for how long John?”
John is surprisingly the first one awake. Getting out of bed he heads to the bathroom to shower and brush his teeth. Wrapping his dressing gown around him he goes upstairs to grab a clean pair of pants.
He’s wearing a Met uniform as well but it appears he’s just a constable. He’s average height, about the same as John and has ginger hair. Not even remotely resembling Sherlock like Tom did. Sherlock likes this Simon. He seems a good influence on Molly, having met him a few months ago when he kept Molly back late in the lab and Simon came to check up on her.
She suggests they move to the seating area near the kitchen and they take a seat opposite each other.
Sherlock immediately becomes very excited, almost tripping over on his way to the bedroom. John follows.
John pressed a kiss to his lips before getting up and fetching something to clean them up with.
“Asexual people don’t have any sexual feelings or desires. That means they’re not attracted to anyone. But sometimes they have an exception to the rule. Lestrade is apparently my brothers exception.”
“So I’m to go the barracks first? I’ll be going out on the cargo flight?”
So much for a calm first day, he thinks.
“Sherlock I’m not going to lie to them. And it also takes two weeks to get leave accepted so it’s not going to happen this time. I’m sorry.”
“How do you even, no you know what I don’t want to know how you know about me maybe leaving then. Also I’ve not told him yet Mycroft as I haven’t heard back to say that I passed all the tests so there’s a chance I may not even be going”
Knight has apparently noticed too and informs everyone to stay armed and ready, radioing the other squad in the Jeep who came out on patrol with them, to do the same. Smith is manning the gun while John, the twins and John’s “bodyguards”, who no one even notices because they don’t speak, do an area sweep before they sweep the building.
The afternoon turns out to be not as dreadful as Sherlock thought it would be. Sherlock, Molly and Anthea debating the best way to incapacitate a person without leaving evidence. Mrs Hudson and Mrs Holmes talking about gardening and ‘their’ boys. John, Simon and Mrs Holmes talking about John’s tour and when he will be home. Also not to be missed is Greg and Mycroft talking in the corner.
John chuckles softly.
••••••••••••••••••••••••••
But now John had left him again, maybe for the last time and Sherlock really regretted not say goodbye to him this time.
The clock on the wall said it was almost ten thirty. He didn’t know they’d sleep for that long but he supposed they were late coming home and after their activities last night they didn’t get to bed till late.
“Careful Sherlock, that almost sounded like a genuine compliment.”
Lestrade takes another sip.
Sherlock is hanging up his new suit, very slowly to avoid having to return to the living room.
“Sherlock!, there’s no use for that language” Mrs Hudson sounds appalled.
A look of realisation crosses over Greg’s face.
After breakfast the four of them, excluding Mrs Hudson who has book club, take a trip out to the museum to see the new exhibit and then to an art gallery John has never been to before.
Sherlock is a bit shocked. He supposed John is ‘not gay’ so it shouldn’t be a surprise. But he was very good last night so Sherlock had assumed. Well, that’s something about sex Sherlock could teach John. He didn’t think that was possible.
John hangs up and decides to pop the kettle on for a cuppa. He makes one for Sherlock and one for himself and puts them on the coffee table and turns the telly on, flicking over to the news. He’s going to need to know as much as he can about what he’s about to head off to and before sitting down decides to grab his laptop as well for extra research. And maybe begining to draft up a blog entry explaining he’ll be away for a while and won’t be following Sherlock in any cases.
John chuckles before leaning over to the dresser and grabbing it.
John moves to sit on his chair facing Sherlock. He looks like he’s thinking.
Sherlock pulls off and makes his way back  up. They kiss for a bit and John does this thing with his tongue that makes Sherlock moan. He flips them over, reaches into the nightstand for lube and kisses his own way down Sherlock’s body.
It comes out of nowhere and John didn’t know why he has said it then.
Sherlock flushes a bit at that but smiles back at John. They’re interrupted by Mrs Hudson who squeals in delight and says they both look fantastic and insists on a picture.
Sherlock must have looked surprised because John huffed out a laugh and grinned.  Sherlock could only nod and turn towards the stairs. He practically ran up the stairs with John hot on his heels.
He smiles at John like he knows what’s happen. Knowing Mycroft, he probably has cameras in the flat.
“Thanks Sherlock, appreciated” Sally says from the corner. She doesn’t look angry at him at all. She’s smiling at him. Sherlock ignore this.
“Um, why Sherlock?”
“Shall we, Detective Inspector.”
“Sad? Why?”
They speak for a little longer but John has to go again and he tells Sherlock he’ll see him soon. Sherlock knows he’s just trying to reassure him.
They would have to talk in the morning, but for now Sherlock just wanted to be near John for as long as possible.
“You can talk. How long have you been oggling Gavin? I doubt your ‘tea’ was purely for him to report back to you about me. Yes I know about your monthly meeting’s. It’s just an excuse so you can see him.”
“Plus I wanted to see how you were doing after that terrible Christmas the other year.”
After a moment in his own mind palace Sherlock interrupts his thoughts.
Bored.
Eventually he shivers, having forgotten his coat and turns back around towards the flat.
Sherlock looked intrigued at the words test and theory.
“Brother.”
John replies.
“Yes John, I got my brother something and also sent something to my parents from the two of us.”
His brother taught him that caring is not an advantage and that’s how he will handle this because he doesn’t want to actually think about what this means.
Sorry if it feels a bit rushed
“Woohoo boys.”
That was a cheap shot on Sherlocks part, John might not want to talk about last night but Sherlock is going to make him think about.
He walked into the kitchen and noticed Mrs Hudson had brought some fresh scones up and he popped the kettle on. A cuppa and some scones sounded good.
He doesn’t answer even after three rings so John tries Skype and when he gets no answer from that he types a short email telling him how he is and asking him to answer a phone call next time.
“and that’s why there wasn’t a murder weapon!”
They follow her into the flat and John tries to help her but she shoo’s him away. He takes a seat in his chair across from Sherlock and smiles at him. Sherlock returns the smile and they just sit there like that for ages.
“Er yes. I thought I’d made that clear by now.”
He lays down on the bed, breathing in the smell of John on the pillow and thinks sleep will help. Maybe when he wakes up this won’t be real and John will come walking through the door.
"Hello this is John", a person speaks on the other end and John smiles.
Last time was hard enough but this time he had a sick feeling in pit of his stomach. He hoped. He hoped with all his heart he would see John again. Two months wasn’t a lot of time. And then John would be home. Soon. He kept chanting the word in his head. The pit of his stomach was filled with dread.
John just stared at Sherlock. “Did you just call him Greg and compliment him in the same sentence.”
John tries to give him a cup of tea to which Sherlock just looks insulted and says
Sherlock parents were spending Christmas in their Tuscan holiday house and allowed Sherlock the year off attending Christmas with them. Twice in a row was a record. And Mycroft, well, Sherlock didn’t really know. He didn’t particular want to spend a third Christmas with his brother despite the, understanding, between them lately.
“John, would you hurry up with whatever it is you need to tell me I would like to get back to my tobacco ash”
John chokes on air. He clears his throat.
“Oh shut up Mycroft”
“JOHN!” Was called once more and off he went.
Sherlock closes her door and walks back upstairs and as he enters his phone rings. It’s Mycroft. He called Sherlock earlier. Probably to tell him. And as normal Sherlock had ignored him. He answers.
Sherlock watches Johns reaction. And John looks upset. Sherlock’s not sure what’s wrong.
Sherlock reaches towards the dog tags that are no longer hidden under his shirt. Can’t hide them now. He’s surprised that it’s taken John this long to figure out his old ones are missing.
But then again, Sherlock left without saying goodbye and making everyone think he was dead. John sighs, he’d forgiven Sherlock for that ages ago but it’s still always there.
“You’ve not received the call yet? I’ve got the results right here, they came about 20 minutes ago so I assumed that they would have called you. Well, they should’ve called you already, I really must look into them, anyway the results came back all clear. You’re leaving at 0600 hours tomorrow morning. That’s in 18 hours John, you need to tell him soon. I’ll have your uniform sent over to you this morning. Good day.”
“Detective Inspector, Captain Watson.”
Sherlock let’s out a breathe he didn’t know he’d been holding in.
“Christmas Eve, mistletoe, Mrs Hudson, lunch. I think he wants to, I want to, but I don’t know for sure if he does, and Mycroft was being a prick, and I don’t know about this stuff.”
“Yes Sherlock.”
Mrs Hudson left first to go to her sisters and Molly and Simon left soon after.
Sherlock sighs and pulls his phone out of his dressing gown and texts Lestrade despite the fact he just left. Then he checks his email and then his blog and nothing.
“What have you done this time?” He asks.
They bring him towards John to see if he can patch him up. John manages to kneel over him without hurting his leg too much and begins another evaluation.
When they all eventually leave, Sherlock decides he’s had quite an enjoyable afternoon but is relived he can spend the rest of the day with John before he leaves in the morning. Sherlock remember what John promised him also a week ago and Sherlock intends to collect. But later on.
They kissed languidly for a while before it became more heated. Sherlock pushed his body upwards to press against John, wanting more friction. John is apparently very intuitive when it’s comes to sex because he grinds down on Sherlock and they both let out a low moan.
They arrive at the crime scene and Sherlock pushes past Donovan standing by the door to get into the room, looking pretty much like a child on Christmas morning as he looks towards the scene before him.
The two Privates are twin brothers Fred and George White, who joined together only eight weeks ago, having been rushed through training and are being sent straight into the crossfire.
“If you want John, I will tell you everything from my birth until this day, but we have the rest of our lives to figure out each other past. I would prefer to look to the future.” John beamed at him. Sherlock’s voice drops deeper and insanely sultry. “A future where I preferably have your hard penis inside me.”
“Nothing so simple I’m afraid Greg, I assume you’ve seen the news about Syria”
“John if you’re not out in one minute I’m coming in there whether you like it or not”
Nothing changed that was noticeable to anyone else except the two of them. But both John and Sherlock knew something had changed or was changing between them since Christmas Eve. Neither wanted to say anything first. Sherlock got fed up with waiting and decided to do something about it.
Sherlock’s about to reply when Anthea interrupts over the intercom.
Fuck.
He just stands there staring off into the space where Sherlock has just left, he thinks that that might have been the last glimpse of Sherlock Holmes he ever sees.
“Yeh, Sherlock’s in the room as we speak, probably solved it by the time we get in there”
He’s Captain John Watson once again and mutters “Into battle” to himself as he walks towards the offices.
By the time John is hard again Sherlock is writhing I’m pleasure. He decide to take matters into his own hands. Literally. He strokes John’s cock back into full hardness rolling John onto his back and straddling his hips. Sherlock is still wet from Johns’ come and the lube from earlier, it hasn’t been long so it hasn’t dried yet, so he lines Johns’ dick up with his hole and pushes down until John once again is bottomed out.
. He walks to Sherlock and leans close, whispering, “Sherlock, let’s not fight now while our friends are here”
He won’t be coming home soon.
!!!!!!SPOILERS!!!!!!
He’s fully dressed and waits for John in his chair. He doesn’t have to wait long because he hears John’s footsteps down the stairs.
John pulls off Sherlock with a wet pop. He looks up at Sherlock and shakes his head.
“But he likes Greg. Greg’s a man. Therefore, gay.”
“Oh Sherlock.” She tuts, “you’re getting far too skinny. I was just about to tell Mrs Hudson here to make sure you eat everyday but if John has moved back in full time then he can do it. Mikey did mention something about a war but you eating is more important, isn’t it John dear.”
John looked sheepish. “Yeh for sure.”
The case takes them longer than expected. Days. It’s more complicated than they thought at first. But eventually Sherlock figures it out and Lestrade arrests the guy.
“Don’t make me do it.”
John reached up and grabbed one of his hands and placed on the back of his head. Sherlock got the hint and thread his fingers into Johns hair. John hollowed out his cheeks and began to move his mouth faster up and down Sherlocks cock. Sherlock’s hand began to push Johns head in time to the even rhythm. The feeling in the pit of his stomach became stronger and he suddenly pulled johns head off him and let go.
John makes himself and Sherlock a cup of tea each and scrounges up some toast for a sort of late breakfast early lunch as it’s only about ten o’clock, having spent the better part of 14 hours on the case.
She looked sceptical but nodded.
“Why? Where are yo...” Sherlock’s a genius and he figures it out before John even has to say something.
He towels off quickly and wraps it around his waist. He forgot to bring his clothes downstairs with him so he just grabs his discarded clothes from earlier and opens the bathroom door.
“Only if it’s from you John”
“You will address your superior officer with the correct title of Captain”
As John is a captain he only has to share quarters with three other soldiers unlike the twins who have to share with another thirteen in one of the main tents for Privates.
John clears his throat again, and licks his lips. Sherlock’s eyes are immediately draw to them.
Mycroft’s face shows signs of annoyance but is quickly back to his constant nonchalance expression.
Two officers in dress uniforms.
John hears feet to the side of his face and barely registers someone checking his pulse. A man. John thinks faintly as he begins to drift.
“I need your help Greg.”
They spend the next 12 hours running from St Bart’s to the crime scene to a suspects house.
She hugs him tightly and John hugs her back.
“I know it’s not a good idea Sherlock, I know I could be killed but I have to go”
“Can you give me a few hours to think it over, it's not that I don't want to help it's just that I have something to lose now if I don't come back” he smiles sadly at Sherlock, who is still immersed in his experiments.
Sherlock sighs and composes himself.
Johns laugh echos through bathroom.
Steps back.
Looking up at Sherlock, John asked “Sherlock, is this okay? Do you want me to do this?”
He says loud enough for everyone to hear, Sherlock is clearly still quite angry.
“Okay then love. Whatever you want.”
Sherlock has to interrupt his mother’s questions now because John’s entered
“Generally speaking, he is, but he has hinted at Mycroft leaning towards gentlemen as his preference.”
Hey, so I know that some of this military stuff will be incorrect but I’ve tried my best to research it all but feel free to correct me please. Also I hope you’re still reading. :)
Despite them not even facing each other, the room suddenly feels too hot for John, who breaks the eye contact in the mirror and clears his throat.
“Yeh so did I but Sherlock assures me that’s not the case.”
They both wave to Greg and acknowledge Mycroft on the way out, grabbing their coats.
Finally, Lestrade coughs and Mrs Hudson takes that as her sign to walk over and try to calm down a seething Sherlock.
John makes his was back upstairs and can hear that Sherlock has picked up his violin and begins to play a song that John particularly likes, he doesn’t know what it’s called though.
“Thanks.”
John chuckles a bit at that, his mood finally returning to something that doesn’t have him about to yell. Johns gotten used to Sherlock’s weird humour and it has become kind of comforting to have around and is something he’ll miss when he leaves.
Greg really wishes he could just nap again on his desk but he has a feeling Sherlock is close to solving it so he gulps down the remainder of his coffee and follows them through the yard to the conference room.
Sherlock was trembling. He tipped his head back for some support and spread his hands flush against the wall. He’d never felt this before, having only being on the giving end, never the receiving. He regrets things he did while high and looking for a fix. He’d never felt any emotion for the very few sexual partners he’d had in his life, none even resembling anything like the love he felt for john.
“Best be off then, dunno if I’ll be able to catch a cab this late so I better make my way to the tube. Or I’ll have to harass Sally into picking me up”
He speaks to someone in another language.
“I don’t know how i feel about you documenting our sex life but I’m all for you eating more food. You’ve gotten skinnier while I was away.”
Sherlock didn’t sleep a lot that night. He kept thinking about how it felt to have John’s lips on his own. About how much he wanted that again.
Sherlock didn’t know what he was thinking, whether he had regretted what just happened.
“So um, we don’t have to if you don’t want to. It’s just a stupid tradition. Mrs Hudson will never know if we don’t.”
“Alright John? Thank god you and Sherlock are here, I’ve had the press hounding me for the last hour and haven’t even had a chance to step away for a piss” Greg’s directness, as always is refreshing, and John chuckles,
“Doctor, how is your leave treating you?”
John must catch him staring and clears his throat,
He goes shopping and gets money out to leave Mrs Hudson for rent until he returns and lots of unperishable foods for the cupboards and stocks everything for Sherlock, who is still asleep. John’s uniform and baggage arrive from the base but Mrs Hudson answers the door and lets them up to the flat knowing Mycroft’s men and follows when they bring it up.
“What do you mean me and your brother? There’s nothing going on.”
“Precisely John. Like art. My predicament however, is not at all like that. I do certainly appreciate its beauty.”
“Can’t have tea right now John, I’m thinking and you’re being very distracting, please wait in the corridor until I’m done”
John makes his way over to Sherlock and gives him a hug. Drawing back slowly he lifts his hand to Sherlock’s face and kisses him slowly and tenderly.
Sherlock let out a ragged breath, “No John, I want this, want you. But I want it at the same time. Properly together for our first time.”
All Sherlock could do was lay there clinging to John and moan.
“Bye Love.”
“No. Not actually being a prick. Just observant.”
“So your brothers gay? Knight said he was asexual. That explains absolutely nothing.”
“It’s tradition John. Even if Mrs Hudson doesn’t know, we certainly will. We don’t won’t a curse or anything from an old wives tale hanging over our heads, pardon the pun.”
He leads Mrs Hudson back into her flat and sits her down in her settee and makes her a cup of tea. While it finishes brewing, he brings it to her and a box of tissues and the tv remote.
John doesn’t have time to think about Mycroft and his role in British and international affairs, he needs to tell Sherlock.
John manages to get Sherlock to do a round and at least make small talk with all the guests before Mrs Hudson brings out some nibbles to eat. It’s only late afternoon and really just a small gathering for a quick celebration. Everyone knows Sherlock doesn’t want a big birthday even though it’s his 40th. He would rather forget it.
This has been one of John’s favourite christmases ever.
John sighed. “Of course I’ll be careful Sherlock. If an opportunity to come home early arrises I’ll take it. I promise to come home to you safe. I love you Sherlock.”
It’s a normal day at Baker Street with Sherlock conducting experiments in the kitchen and John calmly reading the paper hoping Sherlock doesn't blow anything up. The tv is playing in the background as Mrs. Hudson brings them tea and scones because it's a Saturday morning. John doesn't have work and Sherlock hasn't any cases to work on.
John turns his head and kisses Sherlock. Resting his forehead against Sherlock he whispers against his lips. “God that was amazing. I love you so much Sherlock Holmes.” Sherlock kisses him and replies, “I love you John Watson.” With the energy they have left they grin ecstatically at each other.
“Sherlock, I’m leaving now. I’m not sure when I’ll be back. I don’t want to leave while you’re still angry at me”.
“Whatever you want Sherlock, I happy to move at any pace you want. I just want to be here with you. That’s enough for me.”
John is peering at the small silver tag and tries to read the inscription.
She winks at them both and potters into the kitchen.
It looks to Sherlock like a garment box and has no idea what else it could be.
very unsure about how this will play out.
John honestly has no words, she’s obviously telling the truth because really that’s Mycroft exactly and also he can’t take in all the new information he’s just received.
Sherlock looks at John almost pleadingly, John nearly relents and says he’ll stay.
Sherlock whispers against a sleepy John’s chest that this is the best birthday he’s ever had.
As they settled on the couch Sherlock let out a noise of disagreement.
“Oh I’m so sorry sir, we just meant we followed Doctor, I mean Captain Watson’s blog. And his history with the army is what inspired us to join”
But after a quick phone call to Mycroft, he did now owe his mother a phone call on her birthday, he had a plan. He just needed to relax. If it didn’t feel right or if it felt like John was going to reject him then he would just say that he meant it as a friend.
The last time being the night before John left for duty.
Greg blushes slightly but nods and accepts Mycroft’s offer. They say goodbye to John and leave together, getting into the car Mycroft has waiting.
Sherlock was insufferable from the minute John left.
Sherlock grumbled. “Fine John. But if it’s for my birthday then I get to decide what we do.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Away from 221B.
Above Sherlock, in their kitchen doorway, is mistletoe. Damn Mrs Hudson’s meddling ways.
Sherlock has moved and managed to half cover John’s body as he reaches for the remote. John just keeps laughing as Sherlock struggles and Sherlock begins to laugh as well despite himself, losing his balance.
“It’s only a two day trip Sherlock. Then it’ll be less than two weeks until I come home. You just have to wait that much longer and when I’m home I promise never to leave you again.”
Two minutes.
“It was a surprise Sherlock. I applied for leave a week after I left so I could come home for Christmas. I may have lied a bit on the application but Mycroft made sure they didn’t look into it too much”
John relents and rings up the Thai place who barely has to take his name, address or order because they know John and Sherlock’s order so well. They say it will take 30 minutes but always arrives in less than 20 because they are well looked after buy the owner which Sherlock also helped, quite recently actually.
“Of course it’s not a bomb Sherlock. I know you and your brother don’t get on but he’s unlikely to blow up the flat.”
A loud shout of “JOHN, I’ve got it, get back in here”, shakes him out of his thoughts, returning to the room.
Sherlock thinks this will be the best year of his life.
Then Sherlock is dashing off to search the suspects house, John trailing behind.
“Morning Sherlock.”
“You look breathtaking John.”
“I know dear, he’s just upset about losing his best friend”
“Don’t you dare answer that John. We’re in the middle of something.”
“Of course you are Geoffrey.”
“No Sherlock. We agreed. Now you just lay back and enjoy what you’ve got now.”
Mycroft has texted and has arranged a car to take John to the base as he wouldn’t be able to get a cab this early. He walks down the hallways to Sherlock’s room and knocks lightly, both wanting to wake Sherlock up and not wanting to.
“There, now I won’t lose it.” John smiles at him, “Now, who’s next? I got something for Mrs Hudson and everyone but I did forget your brother, I assume you got him something?”
Mycroft sneers at him, answering equally as snarky.
She is naturally curious and inquires as to the package when the delivery men leave and so John sits her down with a cuppa and tells her where he’s going. She weeps and blubbers loud enough it wakes Sherlock, who sort of stumbles into the room and is still a bit disoriented having only slept 5-6 hours after a long case and the sight of Sherlock makes her cry louder.
Mrs Hudson brings the tea over for them and fusses over John. She soon retreats to her own flat and leaves them alone. It feels like hours before someone says something but it’s probably merely minutes.
He sighs and grabs a blanket to cover Sherlock with, turns the light off and closes the door. He better get started on that list, theres a lot to sort out before he leaves.
He looses track of time while he soaks and must have fallen asleep because he wakes to a knock on the bathroom door.
“Morning Love, Happy Birthday.” John plates up the food he finished cooking and turns off the gas.
“Speaking of Sherlock,” John can hear the grin in Greg’s voice. “You two got your shit together yet?”
“Or. We can just do this and I won’t lose you.”
The third fic will start when John is returned safely home and will be going from John and Sherlock’s POV so feel free to skip book 2 if you don’t like Mystrade and I will add a summary chapter at the beginning on book 3 so noone misses out on the important things.
When they arrive at dinner Angelo has their table set up and if either of them notice the candles or one red rose, neither of them say anything. Angelo’s looks pleased with himself as they have a chat to him and then order.
He gets no answer but can hear Sherlock moving about in his room, clearly awake.
John sighs, “I’m sure that’s not the case but at least he’s helping to get the work you do recognised. That’s nice at least. Probably one of the nicest things Mycroft Holmes has done in his life.”
“Sherlock.”
He watches John walk down the hallway and around the corner before he finally come back to his senses and enters the bathroom, still very much distracted by John.
Faintly late in the night he hears the front door and Sherlocks bedroom door close.
They all moved back outside for another drink and John told Sherlock off for being a dick to his brother. Another ‘sorry John’ was muttered.
“I don’t know what that means George.”
“Should we talk about last night?.”
He hands Sherlock a folder. Sherlock browses through it, could be interesting. Maybe.
John arrives at the military barracks at 1300 hours and is escorted through the barracks to the medical office. He is greeted by the receptionist and introduces himself.
The long table is set for lunch and on the other side of the room is double doors that open to the terrace. The paintings and book shelves make the place look lived in but Sherlock tells him not to be fooled, this is the fourth time Mycroft has used this house, other than rehab for him, for social events despite having it for over ten years.
At first John’s confused but then he realises that he means his blog about him and Sherlock.
“You’re quite welcome John.”
It took a bit of time and some arguments but they’re closer than ever now and there does feel like they need to move forward with their relationship but John doesn’t have time to think about that now.
“Glad to be on leave John?”
Only to find him passed out face first onto his bed, luckily making it into some pyjamas before doing so, not that John would have minded.
“Okay Sherlock. We can make love. I did promise you for your birthday.”
John just laughs.
John finally turns to Mrs Hudson who has finished clearing up the tea cups she had made for everyone.
“Oh lovely, I’m famished this morning for some reason.”
“Stop laughing at me John, it’s very hard not to get the sauce everywhere”
Mycroft sighs. “He’s barely been divorced eighteen months Sherlock. And the fact he was married to a women severely lowers my chance with him. He’s probably not gay or even bisexual so I have no reason to act upon anything.”
As soon as that was done though, John pounced. Kissing Sherlock both harder and softer at the same time. He started to rub his palm against Sherlock’s flagging erection but the contact had it interested again. The feelings were so overwhelming and Sherlock couldn’t think straight. Well honestly, nothing about John’s hands unbuttoning his trousers and moving them into his pants to grasp his bottom was anywhere near straight.
Sherlock glances over to John, who has taken the safer route and sat next to Sherlock’s father, but the barely contained laughter in his eyes doesn’t really make Sherlock believe his next words.
The tube ride was tense. John having been shocked at Sherlock actually wanting to go out on New Year’s Eve for once. Also the alarming amount of people on the tube as well. Sherlock was equally, if not more nervous about tonight. He still hadn’t figured out what he was going to say.
Sherlock begins to say something but John cuts him off.
Lestrade calmed a bit. “Yeh well, lunch is just about my promotion, Mycroft called and invited me so he could tell me if there was any progress.”
The first month passed quickly but the second dragged on. They had daily patrols, some day trips and had a two day trip leaving late afternoon. He called Sherlock to let him know he wouldn’t be at the base and he’ll call as soon as he could.
“You have no idea John.”
John feels the next blast rather than hears it. His body is thrown across the room, head hitting the wall. He blacks out. He’s lying on his back staring at the ceiling when he comes to seconds later, the smell of something burning fills his nostrils. There’s smoke filling the room and his eyes water. Tear gas. The gunfire has ceased outside but he can hear vehicles moving and some yelling. He tries to get up but the sharp pain in his stomach pulls him back to reality. There’s  something lodged in his stomach and he clutches it to try to stop the bleeding. Fuck.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh Mycroft, before I forget.” John stops him before they turn away.
John looks like he’s absorbed this information as well and smiles.
He himself is about to start crying but suddenly remembers who his is.
“Oh John I’m so glad to see you again. I’ve been worried sick about you over there. Sherlock has been absolutely miserable these past few months without you.”
“I think that’s a great idea. Just not the wall you shoot Sherlock.”
“Seriously Sherlock. I know how we feel about each other but I am still technically on active duty and have to leave after your birthday. But until I come back are we going to tell people? I would rather us enjoy this time we have left together without interference.”
“Sherlock. When did you start wearing a chain?” John sounds hesitant.
He’s had just about enough of her ridicule and attitude towards Sherlock, who has not only helped her solved murders, earning her a promotion, he did not actually say anything to Anderson’s wife at the Christmas party years previous.
John Watson is dead.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I love that idea Sherlock but you’ll have cases again soon. ‘Murderers only have Christmas off to spend time with their families before their inevitable incarceration.’ Isn’t that what you say?”
Something has happened.
They talked for a while longer but John said he had time restrictions and would call him again a couple of days.
“Are you sure? We could try to test that theory later on.”
Dedicated to Akwolfgrl & Potato.
Playing his violin loud enough to wake up Mrs Hudson who stumbled up the stairs with her dressing gown on and hair in disarray.
Sherlock basically runs towards the Main Street to hail a cab.
John can feel his come sliding out of Sherlock’s arse alongside his dick. When he goes to pull out Sherlock says, “No. Stay there, stay inside me for a while. I feel complete with you inside me.” John argues he has to check for any damage but Sherlock says that can wait. John breaths out and kisses Sherlock languidly.
“Close?”
“I’ve fingered myself a couple times. I tried to recreate the feeling that I got when I first had penetrative sex. But it was horrible and I was high at the time so this is much better.” Sherlock give John a reassuring smile. “Continue John, please.”
Sherlock looks bored again so they decide to go find Greg.
Sherlock’s genuinely intrigued now as to what John wants to talk about. Part of him hopes that John want’s to talk about the progression of their relationship, but he shakes that thought away. John’s not gay, as he reminds Sherlock constantly, and no matter what Sherlock may have thought John could have felt for him, he knows that after everything with Mary, John would never be able to look at him like that, or anyone probably ever.
How was Sherlock’s flirting?
Pressing a quick kiss to Johns lips, he began to kiss down Johns neck. Moving slowing downwards he flicked a tongue over each of John’s nipples and dipped into his navel as he made his way closer to his target.
“He’s busy with an experiment, that’s why I picked up. Yes it’s not important. We can be there in under an hour.” Sherlock grimaces.
John laughs. “That won’t stop Lestrade.”
Or ever.
Six minutes.
John looks slightly shocked.
Sherlock reaches over to Johns chair to take it from him but John moves it out his way. He looks at Sherlock intensely.
To which he only receives a sharp, “Watson? The doctor will see you now.”
“Bet you want to though. I went to college with Myc, we had a class together. I admired his focus and determination to be the best. Followed him round a bit to try to get him in the sack, as all us rebellious college girls did, but after awhile he got annoyed and told me he was asexual and then we became friends. Well, Mycroft’s version of friends where we send each other a Christmas card each year and when we see each other every two to five years at galas or benefits for the Veterans or something we stand next to each other and make small talk to avoid unwanted guests bugging us”
He motions to Lestrade,
“Yeh lets go, we can talk when we’re done, or tommorow even”
Neither of them notice the flat has gone dead quiet. Neither of them notice why either but when John returns with the teas he notices there’s a grin on Molly’s face and Mrs Hudson and Mrs Holmes both giggle and starts to gossip.
She tells him she will report her findings and the military will ring him in the morning with all of his results but while he’s here he might as well go to the uniform area.
God it feels so good.
Is all he can say because since he left the flat he’s been purposely trying to forget Sherlock, but he knows it wouldn’t last long. He just hoped he would have landed in Syria before he decided to turn back around and go home.
“Yes that is correct John, given the situation at the moment, the British government had suspended all international flights in and out of Syria. The only exception is military planes of course, and you’ll be having a stop off at Istanbul in Turkey to refuel”
Lestrade does a quick scan of the room and nods towards them but heads over to his superintendent. Eventually he excuses himself and makes his way over, grabbing himself a drink on the way.
“Right, I’ll get packing tonight and make my way out to the Barack’s on the morning then, thanks for that”
“Sherlock I miss you too. But I’m not coming home this Christmas. I’ve sent a letter home for everyone and a couple presents. And we can skype on the day so it’ll be like I’m there”
“That’s great Sherlock. It’s good that you can focus on your work instead of sex. Sometimes it’s distracting.”
Sherlock’s mobile vibrates on the table next to him. He reaches to grab it but hesitated to answer and looks over at John, as if asking for permission.
randomplotbunny
Sherlock emerged from the bedroom while John was pouring the tea. He looked very disheveled and John grinned.
Lestrade looks even more confused. “Why would you tell me that? Why do you think I even want to know about your sex life?”
Sherlock’s still shocked that he doesn’t notice John hasn’t let go.
Their connection is broken when a waiter arrives with their food. They both seem absolutely starving and basically inhale their food until they’re stuffed full.
The kettle whistles to signal that the water has boiled. That snaps Sherlock out of his daze. He turns the kettle off and retreats to his own room.
Sally is left a bit unnerved by this side of John she’s never seen, but suddenly realises that Johns just as mad as Sherlock and just shrugs, going back to her work.
John chuckles at rendering Sherlock almost speechless and when there’s a tug on his hand he follows willingly.
Sherlock, through the computer seemed to relax at Johns’ reassurance. But continued to be irritated.
“I really hate to drag you from civilian life John but there's not nearly any doctors over here that has your experience so it would be great if you come back over and help”.
John kissed his temple and Sherlock snuggles closer against his chest.
“Hello, I’m John Watson, I’m here for an assessment.”
Sherlock once again stands at the window and watches him leave.
“I suggest we lock all the windows and doors and tell Mycroft we’re shagging like rabbits and that should keep everyone away for a while. He’ll put security on the doors so no one can interrupt.”
Speaking of which he needs to tell Sherlock about him leaving again.
John looks up and realises someone has sat down.
That’s probably the most Mycroft has said about relationships ever.
Ps: Also this is the first smut I’ve ever written so please be nice
“It’s not a chain John. I may have taken your old dog tags from your dresser after you left. I missed you.”
“Definitely John. I’ve been bored since we arrived.”
“I don’t think I’ve heard Mycroft Holmes describes as fancy before. Sherlock tends to use the term ‘arrogant’ when describing his brother.”
John clears his throat again,
John doesn’t even know how to respond, she’s changed into a completely different person to the professional LC she was a second ago.
...............
John’s voice sounds a bit apprehensive,
“Any gift from you John, is appreciated.”
“You could fuck me.”
They both just look down toward the ground guiltily. Sherlock mutter something like ‘Sorry John’ and Mycroft nods to him and stands aside to let them in.
“I mean, as enjoyable as it was John, I doubt your skills in the bedroom could render me exhausted.”
The telly is suddenly a breaking news story on a bombing of a large city in Syria and the war is worsening everyday.
The ride to Baker Street is quiet and layered with tension, neither wants to speak now but when they get home they will both have a lot to say.
“Shit. I’ve just had a quick chat to the Superintendent and buggered off to see you two. No wonder he looked pissed off when I left. Fuck. There goes the job then I suppose.”
“That’s certainly new information. I just thought that he didn’t do relationships at all or something was going on with that assistant of his.” Greg looks like he’s absorbing this information.
Sherlock has been miserable since John’s been gone. Except when John calls or sends letters. Sherlock keeps them and re-reads when he misses John. Which is a lot now apparently. What makes Sherlock even more miserable is the fact that John seems happier and more confident every time he calls.
“Yeh well catching her in bed with the PE teacher wasn’t exactly surprising but we said we would make a real go of making the marriage work but she couldn’t even do that”
Molly comes and gives his a big birthday hug and greets Sherlock’s parents. Sherlock retreats into his room under the guise of putting his shopping away. Sherlock’s parents greet everyone and Mycroft introduces Greg to the Holmes’. After Sherlock doesn’t emerge five minutes later John goes to fetch him.
Sherlock basically stomps up the stairs to their flat and John follows.
“Try not to blow anything up while I’m gone will ya.”
And walks in that direction. John and his parents just chuckle and follow.
By the time John has reached the bedroom Sherlock has already stripped of all his clothes and is sitting on the edge of the bed completly void of clothing. John will never get used to the sight of Sherlock stark naked. God he’s beautiful. Gorgeous, incredible, sexy. More words run through his head as he shucks his own
The silence is deafening despite there being a flat filled with people.
So when Sherlock energetically comes through his office door going off about the tread marks on the carpet from the sole of a women’s heel, he just shuts his eyes and rest his head on the desk trying to will his oncoming headache away.
They have a small lunch at Angelo’s because Sherlock declares “I am the birthday boy and that’s what I want.”
Despite the curtains, John can see Sherlock standing and watching him. John raises his hand as a goodbye and before he can change his mind gets into the car and lets it take him away. He doesn’t look back knowing he may jump out of the car and sprint back to the flat.
They end up in a fit of giggles with Sherlock’s head on the arm of the couch and him practically sitting in John’s lap. John doesn’t seem to mind, so Sherlock adds that to his mind palace for further thought.
John begins to get his shit in order despite being tired after such a nonstop case but he can’t even afford a little nap, going to bed early tonight to catch up on sleep will be the best thing to do.
When Sherlock has finally finished his experiment it’s probably somewhere after midnight so he just figures he’ll go to sleep.
Really bored. With no John to constantly annoy him to actually do things there is no point to actually doing any of the things that annoy John. He built most of his day around annoying John.
Sherlock woke a few hours later to a clatter in the kitchen, he checked his clock, it being after nine Mrs Hudson would already be at lawn bowls.
“Why should I? You never do.”
“Don’t abandon you?! That’s a bit rich don’t you think. I’m sorry Sherlock I think you’ve forgotten the bit where you were dead for two years. I know you’ve got that eidetic memory so you can’t have forgotten that and I’m the one abandoning you?”
Leatrade just sighs.
“John.” He gasped breathless, “John stop, I don’t want it like that.”
She extends her hand and John shakes it.
He looked up through his lashed to see John who was suddenly very awake and had moved onto his elbows to watch Sherlock with hungry eyes.
“Hello John. I assume you will not be coming home for Christmas.”
He calculated in his head that John was only on a temporary tour, so that meant he would only be gone twelve months maximum and might get leave for Christmas.
“Sherlock there’s something I need to discuss with you. Something important.”
Not edited and a filler chapter.
“John. John I want that. Want you forever. The two of us against the world. I can’t believe you want me too. Can’t believe this is real. This is real isn’t it?”
John looks taken aback but his expression changes into something Sherlock’s not seen before. He smiles at Sherlock and walks over to him. Reaching up, he untucks it from Sherlock’s shirt and moves them between his fingers. Sherlock tried not to shiver from Johns touch at the the collar of his shirt. John sees that Sherlock has added the extra tag identical to the one he received earlier.
“Don’t give me that John I know why they’ve called you back and not any other doctor. With the way you shoot you would have to have had a lot of practice so I know you’re not a normal doctor John, don’t insult me”.
Then Sherlock was off.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes I did John, what this about going to the barracks again? Just meeting some old friends I hope”
Hi. I know it’s not fantastic.
“Shut up Sherlock.”
He’s about to get in when he feels eyes watching him and turns to the flat window.
John just sighs and picks up the phone. After a short conversation with Lestrade he tells him they’ll be there in thirty minutes.
John collapses onto Sherlock and they’re are both panting as they try to calm their breathing.
“I’ve not told him yet, I’ll do it when we get home. He’s been too distracted to hear this now”
“And you think my relationship with John is any different. I mean yes, technically his wife was a murdering psychopath but still it’s only been barely eighteen months either.” Sherlock sighs. “We’ve had years Mycroft. Even before Mary. He just doesn’t feel anything for me. And as you always say, ‘Caring is not an advantage’”
“‘Till a day or two after your birthday. They gave me two weeks”
•~~~~~~~~•
“That’ll be from all the exhaustive shagging.”
John agrees and looks over towards the other trucks. There are two bodies lying in the dirt, riddled with bullets. They hadn’t been fast enough and John feels his gut retch at the sight.
Sherlock is absolutely ecstatic and starts to pace while he deduces and John just stands there and watches Sherlock put the pieces together.
Not long after, Sherlock emerges and decides Molly and Simon are the safest choice not to be harassed. At least they can talk about dead bodies, something interesting.
Sherlock sighs and moves closer to the screen. John can see his eyes are sparkling with tears that have not yet been shed. Sherlock looks at him with so much love and adoration.
When they land in Istanbul the Lieutenant Colonel briefs them again on what exactly will happen when they finally land in Syria. Since it’s an active war zone they will be handed packs and weapons immediately and the duffle bags will be put into the cargo truck. They will be placed in one of the trucks or jeeps and will have to be on the lookout for incoming enemies and land mines.
John apparently had done this before, or perhaps just picked things up from having it done to him because the way he flicked his tongue over the slit left Sherlock breathless and gasping Johns name. John was good, very good at this indeed, so good in fact that when John finally wrapped his lips around Sherlocks cock that he almost came instantly. He managed to control the urge but felt his orgasm build in the pit of his stomach.
Breathing out again.
“Yeh mate sounds good, better wrap this case up first though”
Mycroft and Mrs Hudson emerge through the double doors to announce lunch is ready. John hands Molly her phone back and swallows the rest of his beer, taking the next from Greg when he hands it to him.
“Sherlock. I think we need to talk first. Then we can do that, later.”
Sherlock, more nervous then he has been in his entire life, turns to the window and gazes out at London. The city is rather beautiful tonight.
At first I planned this to be just one big giant fic but I really wanted to add some Mystrade into it and I know some people aren’t fans of that so I thought I would split the fic into two. And then I realised that not only does Sherlock and the readers deserve closure but John does as well.. So this will be a three part series.
“Tea Sherlock?”
When he walks back inside, Molly is putting her jacket on and saying goodbye to Mrs Hudson.
Right now though, he is startled by John’s hand in his hair. He looks up directly into John’s eyes and he smiles.
“Yeh good, the ride on the plane was a bit rough but nothing I’ve not handled before.”
John just laughs harder and Sherlock eventually joins.
The case isn’t as fun without John and Sherlock solves it very perfunctory and without flare. That was usually for Johns benefit. He liked the attention John gave him and when he called Sherlock brilliant or amazing, it made him feel like John really loved being there with him and didn’t regret any decisions he made in the past.
John had begun to unwrap but had stopped to watch Sherlock. He slowly unwraps the tiny parcel. Sherlock thinks John had expected another jumper for Christmas again. Sherlock decided to go with something different, more meaningful.
They are debriefed and shown around the base, directed to their quarters and told when to report in the morning.
He would have kissed sherlock. Again. After last night, that’s all he’s been able to think about. He still needs time to process but he’s pretty sure he’s sexually attracted to Sherlock. He knew he loved him but always thought it was a friendly and loyal type of love. After last night he’s sure that’s not all.
“John!”
Sherlock is just about to ask John if he’s spending Christmas Day with his family, when Lestrade walks in.
He gestures to John’s Military attire.
Sherlock examines him to see how he’s reacting to this, his words are positive so that’s a good sign.
The only response he gets is silence. “Sherlock please. I have to leave now. I just want to say goodbye.”
He did, however, stay in his bedroom until as late as possible. Hoping not to run into John just yet. He hadn’t finished processing and couldn’t imagine how John would be feeling.
John knows that’s a lie, the army would take back John Watson without an arm attached.
“No not mine Sherlock, it’s dried, was about to finally have a shower but decided to call you, didn’t think you’d answer. We had a busy night last night with some casualties and ‘bout an hour ago finished checking on patients and grabbed some breakfast.”
Sherlock’s annoyed.
“Cheers Sally, you look look nice as well.”
John sees Greg grin from the corner of his eye and when he walks over to Sherlock and Molly he mutters ‘Git’ as he walks past. Lestrade just laughs.
“Yes.”
He tucks his thoughts away as they pull up in front of Mycroft’s house. Sherlock has called it a ‘modest estate’ in Surrey, but John would call it a mansion. The driver pulls up in front of the steps to the verandah and open the doors for them. John is surprised that Mycroft himself is greeting them at the front door and not a butler or something equally pretentious.
It would have to be John. He didn’t really leave, it was just a terrible dream Sherlock had.
And promptly shuts the door in their faces.
“Sherlock don’t run away, we can talk about this calmly”
It’s night fall when they reach their destination and John doesn’t like the feel of the area.  The abandoned delapodated building is barely standing but is made from stone and looks quite big. John wonders what it used to be before the war, out here in the middle of nowhere. There’s too many hills surrounding the building. Too much ground for them to cover before they set up camp for the night. And it’s quiet. No sound. Except the wind.
“Is that clear, Detective Donovan?”, using her rank to bring a air of professionalism back.
Clean, neat and tidy.
Mycroft, being the British government, will be fighting to get him back. The Mystrade fic will be focusing on Mycroft dealing with the aftermath of this fic and just when it feels like things settles down, the people who have John get in contact. Add in Greg Lestrade and it’s going to interesting.
“Hmmmm, yes John, whatever you say”
Sherlock just looks confused.
When they opened their own flat they managed to control themselves long enough to shed their coats and discard their shoes.
“Yes.” Sherlock slowly makes his way down the stairs towards the door as fast as his legs will allow. When he gets there Mrs Hudson attaches herself to his side.
“Right, best just get it over with then aye” John turns to Sherlock and faces him head on, he really wants to know how Sherlock will react to this news, they’ve gotten even closer than they were before the fall since John has returned to Baker Street after Mary.
If he tells John he got sleep while he was away he might get a reward.
John laughed softly and pressed a kiss to his lips. “Alright then, your wish is my command.”
“Please do that in your own flat. I don’t want to see something I shouldn’t.”
Oh the angst and danger is this Chapter.
“It’s John’s fault.”
John interrupts him.
It’s only Mycroft.
“Our friends John? OUR FRIENDS! Don’t you mean your friends, our landlady and my brother.”
Sherlock suddenly feels the need to loosen his collar, despite the fact the temperature hasn’t changed at all, and feels the ‘butterflies’ again, this time lower.
John can practically see the cogs turning in Sherlock’s head.
Fuck it hurts to even move it. Somehow this pain hurts more than the shot he took to the shoulder years ago. He has to evaluate it now. He doesn’t feel like it’s hit an artery or any important nerves but he has to check.
He nods his head in Sherlock’s direction. They smile at each other.
It’s just a box of Christmas decorations and Sherlock just slumps further into the couch. He pretends to be sleeping but watches John from the corner of his eye. He begins to evaluate the data he has collected over the past couple of hours.
Bringing John his cup of tea and a scone over to him she says, "Terrible business all that war, glad you're not still doing that John. I'd be worried sick."
They order in some Thai and put on a documentary and cuddle up on the couch. For now, It’s all Sherlock wants. Just him and John watching crap telly.
They are halfway through unloading the trucks when Johns’ ears hone in on a sound. A small rock has been dislodged from the ridge on his left.
So I know that maybe the characters aren’t how they are in the show but I felt like changing them up a bit to suit the story. Hope its okay.
Sherlock doesn’t say anything and then he explodes, angrier than John has seen him in a while.
As soon as the flat door closes though, Johns’ phone rings on the coffee table. John grabs it and sees an unknown number but answers it anyway, could be Harry.
He ducks quickly into the kitchen and grabs a couple beers and settles into the bathtub with them. Long soaks in the bath are one of John’s guilty pleasures, he hasn’t had one in ages.
“Conference for work John?” he asks.
“Yes I’m sure it was Mycroft. Thanks anyway.”
Sherlock just hums a quiet agreement. He doesn’t want to think about John going away again. They have so little time before John has to leave again. Five days until Sherlock’s birthday and then John leaves the next day.
John looks like he’s absorbing all this information. Good. Maybe he’ll take a little of this information on board. And the ‘not gay’ train will leave the station, so to speak.
After he’s been briefed about the base and the patrol he will be going on later with his squad, he is dismissed and LC Knight follows him out the door.
“No John not at all. Your inexperience in this doesn’t matter to me. In many ways you are still the better lover, I’ve only had one other romantic partner and maybe two other sexual ones. I’m not quite sure, the drugs you know.”
One officer looks behind Mrs Hudson and sees Sherlock. Mrs Hudson followes his gaze and when she sees Sherlock she sobs again. This time the officer acknowledges Sherlock.
John and Mrs. Hudson just laugh and she takes her tray back downstairs.
Greg walks over to the bar and grabs another beer each for them, leaving John to contemplate.
“You can wait a bit can’t you I’m enjoying myself”
A male and female. A male and female he knows. Very well.
He decides to just go for it. See how John reacts.
“That is absolutely fine John, I know it’s a big ask, I’ll call back at 1100 hours. If you’re good to go we can have you out to the barracks this afternoon for your physical and psych evaluations. We’d need you to be out here ASAP, so that means with the reinforcements coming over Monday morning. I’ll let you think it over John, thank you for at least thinking about it, I know you have people that rely on you now but we really would appreciate the help Captain.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Apparently the Yards function rooms aren’t big enough for this event and they have rented out a ballroom a few streets over.
“Okay Sherlock. No need to look so happy. Someone has just died”
“If you leave again John you will get shot, who knows if you’ll even survive this time. I won’t allow it”
“Thank you Gentlemen for informing us and thank you for your service. If you don’t mind I need to take Mrs Hudson back inside now. My apologies. Have a good day”
Sherlock has raised his hand to the window and watches the the car turn around the bend and out of his sight.
John certainly didn’t miss the small blush on Mycroft’s cheeks when Greg ‘accidentally’ brushed his hand reaching for the gravy. Neither did Sherlock.
“That’s from me Sherlock. It’s not much ‘cause I didn’t really know what to get you.”
John looks a bit shocked.
When he hopped back into bed Sherlock curled up around him again and they fell back asleep.
Angelo brings desert for them, just simple churros with chocolate dipping sauce. Sherlock gets it all over his face and John can’t stop laughing, Sherlock’s annoyed at first,
Love, CamiXx
Sherlock turns to John.
John moans. Fuck yes. Back to it then. He resumes his actions on Sherlock’s hole and when he feels it loosen up a bit he slowly pushes his finger past the first ring of muscle. Sherlock moans above him.
Sherlock just stares back at John, feeling his heart beat faster. John reaches into his shirt and pulls out his dog tags. He adds the present from Sherlock and it doesn’t look out of place at all. He puts them back on and tucks it into his shirt.
“Sherlock? Still okay?”
John draws his dick out slowly before pushing back inside. Sherlock moans. John does it again. And again. And again. Building up the speed and strength of his thrusts until Sherlock is writhing underneath him moaning while explicit words come from his mouth. Johns never heard Sherlock swear so much as in the last hour.
John has to jog over to get in the cab so Sherlock doesn’t leave without him, the adrenaline already beginning to course through his veins.
They were finally back together again after so long apart, first from The Fall, then when he got back John got engaged to Mary and then they were suddenly having a baby, then after everything with the baby they tried marriage counseling but when Sherlock discovered Mary was being a assassin for hire again it was like Christmas had come and John would finally be returned to him.
Sherlock made sure they had another round of very enthusiastic and vocal sex earlier. He didn’t want him to leave and kept thinking the car would stop and John would run back down the street and back to Baker Street. Back to him. The car kept moving until it was out of Sherlock’s sight.
Sherlock is in the exact spot he was when John left over 6 hours ago and looks like he hasn’t eaten or even blinked.
“Sherlock. It’s taken me years to realise and even longer to admit it to myself but I want to be with you forever. I don’t care in what way but I just want to be near you, always. You’ve saved my life Sherlock. On numerous occasions. Every day I’m with you I count myself lucky we found each other. Before I met you I was a shell of a man, I didn’t have a reason to get up in the morning or anyone important in my life. From the moment I met you and you asked Iraq or Afghanistan, you became someone I think about. Always think about, whether I’m sad or happy. When you left us, it was like I couldn’t breathe, nothing made it better. Mary dulled the pain for a while but I wasn’t the same person I was when I was with you. But I understand now why you had to leave. You had to protect the people you loved. And I will forever be greatful that you sacrificed yourself for us. And there is nothing I regret more than not just kissing you when you walked into that restaurant. It was like I could breath again. And I felt it crumble, the walls I put up against the outside world, because you came back to me. You are and always have been the most important person in my life. You’re the first person I think of when I wake up and the last person I think of before I go to sleep. I want us to have a life together. Grow old in each other’s arms. I will love you until my last breath. And I know you don’t do feelings or relationships, so I’m fine with just knowing you will be by my side. I regret a lot of things in my life but meeting you has made me whole again. Friendship and companionship is enough for me. I won’t lie and say that I don’t want a physical relationship with you but I’m happy to live like we have been. I just need you to know how I feel about you. I’ve honestly never felt this strongly about anyone in my life. I’m probably just rambling now and you probably think I’m an idiot and you’re bored. But what I’m trying to say Sherlock, is that I’m your idiot, I’ll be your idiot forever.”
“It’s lovely John. I shall hang it on the wall.”
.............
“Good morning John.”
the room again with the tray of tea and Sherlock doesn’t want to upset John.
Out on the footpath Sherlock just walks faster to loose John and disappears around a corner. John stops walking, knows he won’t catch Sherlock.
“Oh Sherlock don’t be like that, everyone here loves you”
John promised he would call.
It was very difficult to do so when neither of them wanted to take their lips off the other. They settled on holding hands and grinning at each other like mad until they got out of the cab. The driver looked at them from the rear view mirror and shook his head.
Sherlock appears to be the closest to the kettle and just sighs walking into the kitchen muttering, “Yes John.”
“There’s no need Mrs Hudson, Johns not going anywhere”
“And just who are they? If you say Lestrade and my brother I may vomit.”
“I’m sure you’re aware of your presence in the papers due to your association with Sherlock Holmes. If it was up to me we wouldn’t have two men specificity protecting you since I know you can take care of yourself but these orders come from an office of a very important government official whose name has been redacted for obvious reasons. We have received compensation in the form of upgraded supplies for our trouble”
Sherlock doesn’t like the idea of John at war, he knows he can handle himself but the thought of John not coming home makes Sherlock angry and miserable at the same time.
Johns alarm wakes him early the next morning and he shuffles downstairs to the bathroom.
The door bell rings as they both go to get up. Sherlock goes to the window to see who it is but all he see’s is one of Mycroft’s black cars. Its not the same one they used earlier.
Interesting.
Sherlock comes to stand by the kitchen door but freezes when he see what hangs above his head.
“I want Thai for dinner John, I’m going to have a shower. We’ll talk later. After Thai”
His phone continues to buzz softly on the coffee table.
She comes back a few minutes later with tea for them both. Sherlock has picked up his violin and begun to play.
“It’s rude to stare John” he says, not even a hint of actually being annoyed, and smiles at John.
“I regret saying that to you Sherlock. You would be less bitter and open to the fact that no matter what, John loves you. Even if it’s not the way you want him to. He’ll always be in your life and other than going off to war, he’ll never leave you again. I doubt he’ll ever get married again or have children. He’s got you Sherlock. That’s all he need’s.”
“I was thinking John. That very soon you will be a very brave and courageous man and go back to fight for your country and that we don’t have a lot of time left. And I was thinking that maybe,” Sherlock leans closer to press his lips against John’s ear.
Knight has apparently got the same idea as Smith. They gesture to each other and Knight makes her way over to them while John and Smith cover her. She continues over the few meters into the building, the doorway riddled with bullets a second after she enters.
“It’s Serbian John. ‘Nas dvojica protiv sveta.’ It means, ‘the two of us against the world’. It’s what kept me going while I was away. Maybe it will do the same for you.”
“What’s wrong Sherlock? Do you want me to stop? If this is too much we can stop.”
It’s the Privates from the flight over, they’ve obviously spotted him and come over to sit with a friendly face as they haven’t been assigned to a squad yet either.
Throwing some money on the table as he grabs his coat.
John’s clearly very nervous.
Sherlock wakes up to the smell of bacon. And eggs. And toast and tea.
“Just came to check up on you Sherlock, we’re all a bit worried how you’ve been handling things. Dropping some food off as well”
It’s like the universe knew John was leaving and wanted Sherlock to suffer after being rude and not saying goodbye.
John decides to wait until after dinner to tell Sherlock, no use ruining a good meal, his last at Angelo’s for a while.
“John, I’m so glad you’re back. I nearly ran out of cadavers for Sherlock to experiment on. And you can finally meet Simon. I’ve told him all about you. He can’t believe someone can put up with Sherlock everyday and not get sick of him.”
“I’m officer Holt from Her Majesty the Queen’s Armed Forces. We have come to inform you that Captain John Watson, formerly of the Northumberland Fusiliers and currently of the fifth Royal Regiment of Fusilers, has due to unforeseen circumstances been involved in a patrol  mission that has been unsuccessful. Captain Watson is and hereforth know to the British Militray Service as missing in action, presumed dead .........”
“Don’t be silly John, I was merely making a joke. I am actually just an analysing some more tobacco ash, so not to worry about the house burning down. Or blowing up. This week anyway”
“What extra supplies John? You never mentioned any.”
Both Lestrade and Mycroft are still there as well but move to put on their coats.
“No Sherlock. Just take this case for me. It’ll keep you occupied until I have news about John.”
John is immersed in a conversation with Sherlock’s father but looks up and smiles at him every so often.
Sherlock looks sceptical, like he doesn’t believe John.
Sherlock just shrugs at that.
“Yes and it’s ghastly. Hides your gorgeous body underneath this bad wool.”
Lieutenant Colonel Ford seems to be all business and John respects him for that.
“Mycroft likes Greg?”
The tube dropped them a few streets away due to the large crowd that had taken over every inch of the city for the evening. Sherlock was out and gone before John had a chance to follow him. Sherlock then returned a moment later after he realised John wasn’t with him.
“Don’t take too long Sherlock I still need to speak to you” the only reply John gets is the sound of the bathroom door closing.
Sherlock’s sighs again. “Why do you have to make it sound so boring John, really.”
“That’s not your blood is it?” He asked.
John didn’t sever their contact from the hug earlier and didn’t pull away from him when they were holding hands. He didn’t even twitch when Sherlock rested his head on his shoulder in the cab and just now in the couch John didn’t seem uncomfortable. It could be indicative of a fond friendship where there is no more personal space boundaries or it could mean that John likes being close to him.
“A date Greg?, finally over Sharon then”
He flings his coat off and finally looks around the room. John is stood silently by the door.
“Gavin, why have you called me. This is so easy that Sally could solve it herself”
The next hour is basically just Sherlock spreading all the evidence and photos of the crime scene all over the conference room and pacing the room.
“Yes John. He is quite good for Molly.”
It was only Myrcroft so he didn’t bother answering. He checked his email for interesting cases but had only two boring ones so he solved them and decided to finish his experiment in the kitchen.
John sighs. Putting his shoes on and grabbing his jacket he makes his way downstairs to hail a cab.
He extends his hand to Lestrade, who shakes it and says, “No worries Mycroft I’ll see you at the yard’s Christmas party then”
John chuckled and they moved into the living room.
They both release the hold on each other immediately, almost like they’ve been burned. John steps back, away from the pull of Sherlock’s body, like he doesn’t trust himself to be near him.
“Bugger off Watson.” Sherlock yells though the door.
Sherlock notices that the mistletoe above the door is now gone.
“Hello Mycroft, to what do I owe the pleasure”
He swallows. The truth it is then.
John moves back out of her personal space he had invaded and switches back to normal John.
There’s a sound on his left and a body tumbles down from the ridge. Knight had them covered from an opening in the building and Smith makes a run for it. John follows soon after but slows down to grab a med pack on the way. He reaches the door but feels a sharp, stinging sensation in his right calf. He manages to make it further into the building before he slides down the wall.
They do another lap of the ballroom with another drink each. They’re both incredibly bored.
“Yes we could. I can document the amount of food consumed beforehand and see if it affects my stamina.”
“Gavin, you called about a murder. Point me in the direction of the body”
“Come for me John.”
It’s going to be a long night.
“No. Mycroft knows you got the job. A phone call would have sufficed. Lunch is because he wants to congratulate you in person. Also I saw the Chief Inspector at the Met ball at Christmas and it’s clear it was between you and some other idiot. Clearly you are the superior candidate due to your case solve rate. You’re welcome by the way.”
“You said you’d watch crap telly with me. And you just said that’s what it is.”
“Yes John what is it you want, I’m in the middle of an important experiment on materials that burn with Sulfur so I wouldn’t recommend touching anything”,
“Yes John this isn’t new information to you”
He steps out to take it seeing that it’s Mycroft calling, slightly confused.
John has been injured.
So John went and saw Harry and her new girlfriend for a quick breakfast and spent most of the day at the pub with Lestrade. Both of them wallowing in the misery or their failed marriages and subsequent divorces.
“Definitely John, the promotion is not the only exciting news to tell you.”
“Oh for fuck sake Sherlock. Lestrade?”
The others retired to Mycroft’s study and have a couple more drinks. Greg asks about the piano in Mycroft’s study and so he demonstrates. Greg was entrapped.
Arriving at the base hours later the first thing John wanted to do was call Sherlock.
“Permission to speak freely Colonel.”
John falls asleep after a while, still worrying about Sherlock but exhausted after not having slept in more than a day.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock moaned and John capture his lips. John lined his own erection up and wrapped his hand around both of them.
“Fine John, it’s odd but again, not unpleasant. You can move whenever you’re ready.”
“Shut up Sherlock.”
“Sherlock it’s not your decision, it’s mine. And I’ve already been cleared for active duty. I deploy in the morning”
He pulls some gauze and bandages out of his pack and cleans the wound before he wraps his leg up. There’s no exit wound. He’s not going to bleed out. Well, not for a while anyway. It’ll be much worse to take the bullet out now and have the bleeding increase. At least if it stays in, his blood might be able to clot and stop flowing. He’s feeling light headed already.
Thank you so much for reading this and these last three chapters I will be dedicating to a couple people who always commented and gave me inspiration to keep going. Thanks to the people who left kudos or even commented anonymously, it really means a lot.
“Detective, it’s good to see you again. Would you like to accompany me over to the Chief Superintendent so you can put your first foot forward, so to speak, with your application?”
John wrapped his hand around Sherlock’s length and stroked him until Sherlock came as well.
Mycroft’s expression, composed as ever, barely twitches when John mentions Greg’s name but John is tuned to the Holmes’ expressions, or lack thereof, and notices it. Sherlock, beside him, apparently sees it as well.
“Boys, why are you making so much noise out here? It’s nearly two o’clock in the morning” She questioned.
Settling into his chair John begins to make a list of things he needs to do before he leaves. He faintly hears the door adjacent to Sherlocks room close and after Sherlock doesn’t appear ten minutes later goes searching for his flatmate.
“Okay, let me know if you want me to stop at any time. I’m close anyway so I don’t think I’ll last very long.”
John grins and turns towards him, “The views beautiful.”
“So Sherlock, what you need to do is what we romantics call a Grand Gesture. It’s a way of showing your feelings for the other person in a romantic, profound way, so they understand the depth of your feelings for them.”
“Yes Doctor?”
A single shot rings out.......
Lestrade grins at Sherlock and Sherlock just sits and thinks.
Sherlock has already hailed a cab and is about to shut the door but John manages to grab it before he closes it and climbs in after Sherlock.
Sherlock calls over his shoulder.
Un-edited sorry. :)
“Unfortunately the army calls and I have and will always answer”
Sherlock is appalled. “Me?”. He asked incredulously. “Why do you always assume I’ve done something wrong?”
Sherlock mouths around the base of Johns penis, he licks a wet stripe along the side before engulfing John in his mouth. Working his tongue along the underside he wraps his fingers around the base, stroking the parts he can’t reach. God John is so hard.
Sherlock hears nothing after that. He can see their mouth move but there’s only a ringing in his ears and suddenly he’s feeling dizzy. Luckily Mrs Hudson is still clutched to his side keeping him upright.
Three minutes.
Sherlock barely acknowledges John has spoken, only replying “Hmmmm, yes John, later.” His eyes never leaving his work.
He arrives at the crime scene and finds Lestrade.
“John, I really hate to ask this but I assume you've seen the news about Syria, that was the city next to our base. It took out one of our main hospitals including under half of our medical staff and we're in very short supply.”
“Shut up John. Turn it over.”
“Oh you know, the job he has doesn’t leave a lot of time for relationships. He really needs a bloke that understands that.”
Mrs Hudson has returned from book club, Mycroft, Anthea and Lestrade are there as well as Molly and Simon.
Somehow John persuaded Greg to go up to talk to Mycroft when Anthea leaves to answer a phone call. Obviously seeing her eldest son talk to someone who he does not employ has sparked an interest in Mrs Holmes and she makes her way over and starts to bombard Greg with questions. The smile on her face seems to convey her delight in the answers. Poor Greg has slightly pink cheeks after a certain question. Mycroft says something distasteful to his mother who swats his arm and returns to Mrs Hudson.
When Sherlock positioned himself on the bed, John slowly climbed into the space between his legs and braced himself over Sherlock.
They get the hint that his short response means he doesn’t want to talk about it and before they can talk to him again the cargo planes engines roars to life.
After he walks in and addresses his superiors the Colonel come over and give him a big hug.
John says sternly from where he is leaning against the couch in Lestrade’s office, looking a bit worse for wear himself.
John just looks at Sherlock surprised.
Knight gestures to George and John shakes his head no. She pulls Fred away and John can hear his wail. John picks up his pack and rifle and they begin moving through the rest of the building to the exit.
Sherlock turns back to Greg who has apparently flicked the telly on and is watching some performance near Big Ben. Something in the distance catches his eye. Yes. That will do nicely.
“Well you are a genius Sherlock. I thought even you could deduce why the signal stopped cutting out after the second week and the screen quality improved. I did also mentioned the new gear and the update in the rec room, pool table included. But I suppose that’s all too pedestrian for you to notice Sherlock.”
That was better, Johns’ beautifully toned chest right there in front of him to touch and taste as he wanted.
Somewhere in the background a count down starts.
Sherlock sighs defeatedly but relents and rests his violin on the desk and sits down.
Sherlock grinned.
He checks his watch and excuses himself from the table, dropping his bowl back at the kitchen window and makes his way to the Colonels office.
“Sherlock. Should we start getting ready for the Christmas party yet?”
Finally they end up at Sherlock’s bedroom door, John knows that it was used during his rehabilitation and doesn’t know what to expect. Sherlock says that Mycroft has probably converted it to a guest room now. Not that he uses that.
Sherlock’s does this thing with his tongue on Johns slit and John almost comes.
“Nah Mycroft’s not arrogant, bit pretentious or posh but he’s actually all right, despite what Sherlock says.”
“Sherlock. Greg invites you to crimes scenes so you can help him. And to keep you off the drugs. He’s been doing it longer than I’ve know you.”
Sherlock pushes his way into Mycroft’s office.
They’ve not really had time to spend together as a couple but they take time when theres a break in the case to have a quick cuddle and a bit of a snog. Apparently it helps Sherlock think.
Sherlock is surprised to see Greg looks smug, not surprised by Sherlock’s confession.
“John”
Sherlock does turn to face John now and sees John’s reddening face he hadn’t seen through the slightly dirty mirror.
“I’m glad as well Sherlock.”
“Just do something a bit different than normal, something that feels more like a date than just the two of you hanging out. Do it tonight. That way you can gage his feelings for you and if you think he reciprocates then go for it. You can just blame it on New Years Eve if he doesn’t, though I highly doubt that will be the case.”
“Doesn’t start till 8. We’ve got a few hours. Want to watch crap telly for a while?”
After wrapping up the case Sherlock and John finally leave Scotland Yard and catch a Cab back to Baker Street. Sherlock barely manages to make it up the stairs to their apartment as the fatigue settles in and John knows he has to tell him soon because if Sherlock falls asleep now, the next time he wakes up John will already be gone.
He would never leave again.
John does, pushing deep into Sherlock.
John must have not realised there was anything on him and peered closer to see himself in the screen and wiped his fingers across the patch.
They enter the main ballroom after handing over their jackets at coat check and the place is covered in Christmas decorations, mistletoe and tinsel all over the place. There is Met police officers everywhere but some have brought their significant others so it’s not just a sea of uniforms.
Some of you guessed it. John is still alive. Unfortunately for him though he is being held captive in Syria.
John quickly gets ready for sleep and hops into his stretcher bed, it’s not as comfy as his bed at home but he better get used to it as this is his life now for who knows how long.
“Mate seriously. When you’re not looking at him, he’s looking at you. Always has. Like now. He’s talking to Molly but he’s watching you, soon he’ll make up an excuse to come over and talk to you. At lunch he’ll sit next to you or across from you. If Sherlock doesn’t have feelings for you then I’ll hand my badge in. I’m meant be a detective, and I detect, that Sherlock Holmes is in love with you.”
“What? Why are we going to my brothers for lunch? Why didn’t anyone tell me?”
In Syria.
“Fine John, odd but not unpleasant. Please continue.”
Johns confused,
Sherlock notices Lestrade looks a bit sad but smiles. He jumps up to grab another beer and offers Sherlock one. He declines.
Sherlock hears the clatter of John dropping his plate in the sink very loudly.
“Looks like it’s Lestrade, so it’s probably a case. The work is more important than sex surely.” John grins and answers the phone.
~—————-~
It takes them a long time to arrive at the Hamra base and when they arrive John has nearly been away from Sherlock for twenty hours, he wonders what Sherlock would be doing right now while John is unloading from the truck.
Sherlock grins back at him and Greg suddenly feels uncomfortable, like he’s interrupting something when they clearly have just come barging into his office.
Finally! Sorry if it felt rushed but I made you wait long enough. ;)
John, after removing his coat, moves to the kitchen to make tea.
Sherlock is too distracted watching John’s lips move in anticipation to really understand what he says.
For a split second Mycroft’s face looks confused?, Sherlock’s never seen the look on his brother’s face before. Just as soon as it was there, it’s gone again.
“You’re a doctor. Can you confirm this death was asphyxiation from rope, Molly doesn’t think so.”
“Sherlock love, turn that kettle off will you?” He calls as he balances the old cups and plates on his arm still insisting Mrs Hudson shouldn’t help.
He takes a deep breath and calms his breathing. John’s still just gazing at him with a smile. Now, Sherlock thinks, now or never.
“Because the only time you come to me, other than cases, is when you’ve fucked up with John and don’t know how to fix it.”’
“First Christmas with your new boyfriend?” He teases.
“Oi Oi John. How was you morning?”
They kiss for a bit but after a particularly skilled move with his tongue from Sherlock Johns cock twitches. Sherlock insists John stay in him until he’s hard and they can go again but John says they need to clean Sherlock up and he needs more time before they can go again.
Enjoy. ;)
“I’m sorry John. I must have been too focused on you to notice.”
After dressing in his best clothes, that means his blue jumper Sherlock got him for Christmas one year, he grabs his wallet and wanders back downstairs to sit in his chair and wait for Sherlock.
“Okay Sherlock, I’ll try and get a case for you soon”
“No he’s not gay. He is asexual, this ‘Knight’ person is correct.”
Loudly.
“Yeh probably, let get this over with anyway, had a date planned with a friend of a friend, seemed nice but she wasn’t really understanding about me cancelling and I should apologise”
“Actually this is so easy that John could probably solve it, without help from me”
They are also given a description of what land mines are and what to look for as well as the flag the enemy use as their symbol of rebellion. They are once again loaded back onto the cargo plane and they don’t arrive in Aleppo until mid afternoon.
Five minutes.
Sherlock doesn’t want to think about it really, but John leaves again in the morning. Back to Syria. Back to fighting. Sherlock tried not to think about John over there. He’s realised it scares him. He wants to be with John, be Johns’ completely before he loses him again. It’s a shorter amount of time but it’ll still feel the same when John walks out the door. Sherlock clings a bit more to Johns jumper.
He seems genuinely happy to see John and John feels the same, not having seen anyone from his previous tour in Afghanistan other than Major Sholto at his wedding and Mike Stanford but that’s very rare these days.
John’s gorgeous and Sherlock feels his heart beat faster and has that weird feeling in his stomach again from earlier.
Sherlock takes a deep breath. Then it just all comes tumbling out and he can’t stop it.
“Mycroft’s here? Why?” Lestrade looks confused and slightly nervous suddenly.
“John, it’s a lovely locked room double murder, Lestrade wants us to meet him at the scene” he says, sounding simply delighted.
“Last night, at the Met Christmas party. Clearly he’s infatuated with Lestrade but won’t do anything about it. With Lestrade not being interested, him being ‘not gay’ and everything”
“Wonderful, I’ll get changed and I’ll meet you down stairs”
The area is clear but they haven’t checked the mountain ridges. The hair on the back of Johns’ neck prickles. Something or someone is watching him. Watching them. Knight signals for the “bodyguards” to do a sweep of the ridges with another two from the other squad while the rest begin to unpack the trucks.
“This ugly thing has to come off.”
Sherlock answers his phone, speaking briefly with Lestrade and hangs up again.
Suddenly it’s all go and John runs to the trucks pulling up and seeing the many wounded men, jumps into Doctor Watson mode.
Sherlock is chanting his name again and again each time John thrusts. Sherlock is beginning to tense up and John knows he’s about to come. John thrusts harder and faster, ignoring the burn in his legs. He swipes his thumb across Sherlock’s slit and thrusts particularly deep and Sherlock is coming. He comes in long spurts across his own stomach and on Johns’ hand.
John huffs a laugh.
“John what about Sherlock?”
Greg nods.
“You okay Love?”
“John.” No answer. “John turn this crap off immediately. You know how their incompetence infuriates me. They’re nearly as bad as Anderson.” Sherlock whines.
“I’m frustrated because John is withholding sex.”
“He clearly wants you to make a good impression as tonight will basically be an informal interview.”
John works his hand up and down Sherlock’s shaft a few times placing kisses to the base. He begins sucking on Sherlock and when he has his head thrown back in pleasure John lubes up one finger. He trails it lightly along Sherlock’s pernium towards his entrance. He lightly rubs Sherlock’s puckered hole and can hear Sherlock gasp above him.
Shelock snuggles against John’schest and John wraps his arms around him. When Johns’ hand rubs along his back Sherlock whispers, ‘lower.’ And John played which his arsehole, pushing his come back inside.
“Tell John how you feel. He’ll be home for good in two months and then what? You can’t pine after him forever”
He walked into the kitchen and turned the kettle on and made himself tea. He returned to the living room and sat in his chair.
“Now that’s over and done with, I need another beer. Or three. Whatever will get me through this day.”
Sherlock beamed and kissed John harder.
John can barely hear a word he’s saying but gets the general idea of what’s happening. The plane takes off and he uses his flight time to catch up on rest the Lieutenant Colonel has suggested. It’s going to be a long day.
Mrs Hudson has finished decorating and left the fire lit and some Christmas pudding in the fridge.
“SHERLOCK”
“John really?” He grumbled. “Why must you wear so many layers?” He asked before grabbing the edge of the shirt and pulling it up and off.
John makes himself so tea and some breakfast and reads the paper at the kitchen table. Sherlock needs to think of something interesting because his mind is wandering to last night.
“You and me have to have a pub chat mate.”
Sherlock turned and evaluated Lestrade recoiling in disgust. “Disgusting.”
“Because my brother is infatuated”
They keep far away from Anderson and his wife. Sherlock wouldn’t be able to help himself. Even with John telling him not too.
Breaking into Lestrade house was easy, always had been. For a police detective he was surprisingly lacking in personal security. He didn’t even have a deadbolt or anything for his door, just the lock. Which, for Sherlock, made it incredibly easy to get into.
John’s tongue is suddenly at his lips, demanding entrance. Which Sherlock relents to. They cling to each other as the kiss deepens even further. The feeling of John’s tongue against his own draws a moan from Sherlock’s throat.
“I thought you were just being a prick last time you said anything about them.”
John comes into the room and Sherlock just stares. John’s got his belt over his shoulder, jacket not fully done up and beret under his arm but Sherlock is captivated.
“Sherlock. We need to talk about certain things like protection and if we’re both ready for this.”
But not to worry, a Mystrade sequel is in the works and will continue on in this universe. Sherlock will undoubtably make an apearence.
“Sherlock!”
“Sherlock I’m going away”.
Good. She couldn’t see what they had been doing.
After they finish dinner and John cleaned up he returns to the lounge room to finally speak to Sherlock. But Sherlock had picked up his violin and is about to start playing.
John has his rifle in his hands. His handgun is in its holder by his waist. And yet he doesn’t feel safe. The quiet is unnerving.
“Yes John I might not watch the news but it doesn’t mean I don’t follow things that happen in the news or politics, mostly to annoy Mycroft if anything bad happens that has his finger prints all over it, it’s quite funny actually”
Sherlock is surprised that John has not gone to chivalrously carry the box for Mrs Hudson.
Sherlock has decided to take Mycroft’s advice. John’s finally back, but not for long and Sherlock can’t bare the though of going any length of time without him again. Sherlock makes up his mind to try to gage John’s feelings towards him that may be non-platonic. He slowly rests his head on John’s shoulder. With some difficulty due to John being a bit smaller than him but finally finds a comfortable spot. John doesn’t move or ask him to move so Sherlock takes that as a positive sign.
“Yes yes John whatever you think just hurry and tell me please”
Sherlock goes back to Baker Street and looks over the case. It’s pretty easy and he’ll have it solved by the morning. He only ends up spending 18 hours on it and messaged Mycroft. He gets told that he has no news about John and Mycroft thanks him for working the case.
“Well at least you didn’t get accused of cheating first, and with your ex-flatmate for a start”
John lets his eyes rest on his flatmate for a few more seconds and smiles fondly. He exits, closing the door to the flat and his civilian life behind him.
Sherlock loosens his hold on John and moves back to look at him. John appears expectant. Like he’s waiting for Sherlock to say something.
John drifts to sleep to thoughts of what Sherlock would be doing now and hopes he’ll see him again.
“Whenever you’re ready, just tell me what’s wrong yeh?”
Sherlock showers and dresses in his best suit, dark navy, and tucks the dog tags under his shirt as he buttons it up.
“Sherlock stop it”
“I love you John. Be safe.”
“Due to his role in the government. He attends all of these dull affairs. I’m surprised you’ve never seen him. He’s always at Met events. He will more than likely introduce you to the Chief Superintendent, they’re good friends.”
“Yes I am John that will just help me think how best to compare the residue (science talk that John doesn’t understand) to the tobacco ash”
“Don’t worry John, we know he doesn’t mean it really. He’s just upset he’s losing you. We will take care of him for you.” John thanks her and she leaves.
“The dinning room however, is this way and the other guest are waiting on the balcony.”
“Sorry Greg, I know how it feels, not a great feeling when you catch your wife having an affair” John sighed, that’s when everything went to shit, catching Mary in bed with Peter.
John turns when he doesn’t get a reply. He must think Sherlock’s in his mind palace as he walks over, Sherlock’s completely frozen in place as he contemplates the situation.
Somehow they made it to a cab.
God Sherlock looked gorgeous at the party, like always, and was distracted by him all night. That’s probably why he didn’t notice anything going on with Mycroft and Lestrade. He’d have to have a chat to Greg about that, see how he feels about it. Mycroft’s helped him out a lot over the last couple of years with all the Mary stuff and when he went back to active duty, this would be the least he could do.
The car doesn’t even fully stop before Sherlock jumps out towards the door and leaves John to throw some money at the cab driver and apologise to him as well. Sherlock has the door opened and as soon as John closes the door behind him the begin to yell at each other.
“John” he starts. The sound of Mrs Hudson hauling something up the stairs makes them both turn their heads. John’s hand is out of his hair and he clear’s his throat.
“John, stop being silly.”
He says, gesturing to Molly who’s sitting on the couch next to Mrs Hudson.
Sherlock’s reaches for him and John joins their lips. John pushes Sherlock back on the bed and Sherlock flips them over. He kisses Johns’ neck, moving further down towards his penis. Sherlock has gotten a lot better at this, after some careful guidance from John and his own skills of observation. John loves it when Sherlock sucks him off.
He couldn’t just blurt out ‘I love you John, would you be interested in a romantic relationship with me’. How pedestrian was that. He and John weren’t pedestrian. Never have been.
“You asked Lestrade and I answered. Don’t ask questions you don’t want to know. Just like I don’t ask questions about you and my brother.”
“That new bloke at the yard then? The one Sally mentioned?” His tone of voice sounds a bit jealous. Sherlock’s not sure if he like it or not.
“Sorry he was a bit of a prick Greg, you know he doesn’t mean it”
And as if by magic Sherlock lifts his head blinks several time, stretches and turns to John.
John wasn’t the only one at the table who noticed Mycroft was silent for the rest of the meal and excused himself afterwards.
Sherlock braces his hand on Johns’ chest and slowly starts to grind his ass against John’s hope. John grabs Sherlock’s waist and when he begins to move up and down on his cock, John thrusts up and I to to Sherlock. They set a fast pase and they’re both moaning in pleasure and Sherlock just rides John until he’s coming. And John fucks him through his orgasm until he spills into Sherlock’s used hole.
