“I can—.” Dean cuts Uriel off by walking up and pushing at his bandaged hand, making the Angel hiss in pain and pull himself closer to Mick, who manages to keep them both upright. Dean releases the Angel quickly and offers a sincere apology in Enochian, making Uriel look at them in surprise and confusion. Mick gives Dean an annoyed look that Dean ignores in favor of speaking to the very upset Angel.
, fully his. The idea that some of them weren’t, were pushed on him, weighs heavily there too. He remembers the attempts to get him with Jo, even though he always saw her as a little sister, over Ash who he liked flirting with. He remembers Gordon and the failure to even continue the friendship after he saw how the man worked. Finally, fully, there’s Alistair - the man he was Placed with to save Sam from the same fate.
The final is from their father, written by his main advisor Bobby Singer, saying that they are to return at once and witness the union between Sam Winchester and Lady Jessica Moore, and to accept the proposal of someone Father had found who was ‘far above their worth, but would dane to enter into engagement with them’. Dean had to laugh at that last one, though it comes out far more bitter than they’d expected it to. They let out a sigh as they head to the small office to work on their replies, debating on exactly how curt they’ll be with their Father’s demands, and what might keep things at bay for the time being. For all they’d once looked up to and idolized their family, the years of being cast out and forgotten by all had only shown them exactly how bad things could get, once their supposed usefulness was done with.
Dean chuckles, shaking his head. “I don’t see why you should, unless it’s important. If it is, it’s best you ask either of us, so that you can get a straightforward answer.”
Castiel sighs as he looks over the information, standing up to walk and look at it. “You’re sure about this?”
“I have not seen an Angel unfurl their wings, only ever heard of it,” they pause before saying, “Though having seen it now, I see why you are considered so...compelling.”
Mick looks hurt, but shakes his head as he tells Dean, “Rest up for today. We’ll get this all settled tomorrow.”
“I got some information on it, I’ll send it over to you when I’m in a more secure area,” he glances around before continuing to walk, “I’m off for the day. Is there anything else you want to bitch to me about, or are you just checkin’ on me?”
“Alone?” Rachel asks incredulously, Dean offering a strained smile, obviously having answered this question far too often. He’s darker than he’d been before, and looks far happier in some ways.
Balthazar being on their side is a surprise, though he smirks when Castiel asks him about it as they walk down the entrance towards Fielkett for the dance. “They might not be the best for social things, but they at least are fun, and good in a fight.” He glances over at Uriel sternly, “You need to speak to Mr. Davies if he’s here. I won’t stand this pining of yours.”
The woman in Dean’s arms stiffen suddenly - not in surprise, Castiel notes - and Samandiriel looks ready to throw up another shield, but Castiel stops him with a simple touch. He considers reminding Lord Winchester that this is Dean Smith, not Millie Winchester, but Dean appears to find their arrival to be inevitable. Lord Winchester stops when he sees the group and crowd, instead glaring at Dean and looking past to the dead Hunter. He seems to be more annoyed at things as Dean finally asks the young woman to sit to one side, then looks back over to Lord Winchester and Master Singer in something like resignation.
The two men leave, Bobby in a huff, and Crowley full of satisfaction. Uriel walks up to Castiel, watching him glance around. “What do you need?”
Still, if this was the Winchesters, it means the Men of Letters are working to gain the trust of the Hunters groups. If that’s the case, this particular incident will
The tea and breakfast are ready at the same time, Dean quickly serves them for Allan as he opens the tabs to start the list of things to go through for the day, and the cases they’ve been asked to investigate. Anyone can petition an Investigator, and though these ones are on the Second Tier, they work throughout the Tiers and even into the Garden as needed. So far, Dean had not accompanied Allan on any of the higher Tier or even into the First Choir, though to be fair, they had only been on a few simple cases. Not a lot of fun either - the cold cases always caught Dean’s eyes, as did the ones that the LEOs and Investigators didn’t take seriously. The Queue, where most of the cases were reported, tended to be full of such things, and Dean often spent his free time looking over them. Freelance work, hiding under different names, had helped for a bit. Of course, Allan figured him out quick - another thing to hold over Dean’s head - but had seemed glad that Dean was doing ‘good work’ for those who normally weren’t helped.
Millie is silent at that. They knew the story, somewhat. They knew what the Raphael Garrisons had done, and what many said happened was very different from what was heard before the Smith group had met Magnus or anyone else. They don’t want to ask Cas too much about the event, not wanting to bring up bad memories, and instead says, “He appears very young, to have gone through such hardship. But then, I don’t think we all realize how that event was not too long ago.”
The talk soured after mentioning the Seraph, everyone quickly finished up their breakfast and grabbed the needed items for their day, heading further up and into Sandover. Dean’s own Investigator is on the top floor, and he gets there quickly, tapping twice on the door before entering and offering a smile to the man who helped him for two years.
“A new shop opened up, and we hoped to look at it before Balthazar gave us some long-winded description of it,” Uriel mutters, though he’s looking around like he’s waiting to see someone.
“Samandiriel is missing, and I heard news from the town. That Hunter, Creaser, returned last night and tried to ask about something.”
“Uriel probably wishes to speak to Mr. Davies about the spirit,” Meg smirks a bit at that as Castiel gives her a look of annoyance.
“He is. But much of this would be dropped if they would simply accept that family doesn’t belong in one area, that it’s why the Placement was made! To have enough money and clout to create a child is one thing, to create it for a purpose is another, but to throw away any child born of desire or on accident...I cannot get behind that. I cannot get behind what they say about Dean Winchester, other than to say that he is
Still, Dean’s attitude seems to be one that’s nervous overall, enough that Castiel wonders about it, and hopes that it’s nothing too serious.
The man smiles. “And carpentry, yes.” Dean raises his eyebrows in amazement as he looks around the area. “However, while I am good at that, I am also one person. My friends also have practical skills, but they are different, and not so easily put to fixing up a house like this.”
The others were forces of nature, but this one was wrapped so tightly around the human base that it was simply a glowing person, inhuman blue eyes locking on him as Dean takes his chance. He grabs the rebar nearby, and as soon as it gets close, he twists and hits it. The momentum of the hit sends him sprawling back, and close enough for him to dive into the open sewer grate, falling into the gray water and waste as he hears the thing screech above him. The water ripples as Dean swims, moves, and does his best to not think about what he’s bathing in. He’ll need a sick day after this.
“You are right. I do apologize for my tone, and for how it must have sounded. However,” he pauses to look at Dean, noticing how close he...she?...is to Castiel, and how much of them seems far more pained by the words, and that simply translates to anger, “I do wish to know...why you would call yourself something you are not.” Dean blinks, surprise the only emotion on their face now, as Castiel continues, “You said you were the most dishonored, ruined...why say such a thing about one who, upon their arrival here, managed to do what the rest of your family failed to do? Why say that when you being here brightened us, and created a new garden for which we could admire? Forgive me for asking...but why do you believe you don’t deserve to be saved?”
“A few of them do,” Dean argues back as they pause to check the entrance and disturbed wood over the main entrance. He glances around the entrance again, noting the familiar magical seal before blowing out a breath in annoyance. “Well...that could be either Bailey or one of the uncles. Never did get their names right.”
.” Castiel frowned at the anger, but waited as Dean let out another, annoyed huff, then looked over at Castiel and, after another glance around the woods, offered a hateful smirk before bowing low, “Allow me to formally introduce myself, before you start such a courtship with one with such
Uriel steps up, the darker man in his own simple brown and white suit, also without flairs, glancing over before saying to Castiel, “There. The new owner of Fielkett and his entourage.”
“Well, brother,” Benny comes up with him, smiling as well as Mick gives him a look but doesn’t object to his presence, “if that’s the case, why not join me down at my niece’s restaurant? She’s got some mighty fine pie set up, and you’ll love the cookin’.”
“At least one of them likes a Smith party, even with a dress,” Mick mutters as Millie takes his arm. He pats Millie’s hand, and they catch a glance of Uriel glaring daggers at the two of them. Mick seems ready to do more, but Millie pulls away a bit. “Don’t start that. You got in enough trouble last time.”
Castiel smiles a bit as he leans up, locking Dean into a deep, long kiss that has Dean’s knees weak by the end of it. “Funny. I thought it was that a Seraph caught you.”
What Castiel says sticks in their head, though, more than what had been said by everyone else about the title given to Dean after it all. They aren’t sure why, but perhaps Castiel is simply the final one to really drive in that none of what happened should have given Dean such titles, or perhaps it was more that after so many others - Hunters and others seem to feel the punishment didn’t fit the crime, and that included others who knew even part of the information.
The protection from spirits and Fell-touched is still set up, while the rest appear to be getting irritated and red. Dean could easily put things off until the Angel is alright, but not for much longer past that.
that you are aware I’m a Seraph, and then the question will be if you can become one as well.” He looks at the time, and then lets out a breath. “Leaving you to work also allows you the time to contact whoever you must, and if the Men of Letters are trying to find you, it also allows you to get a head start.” He sees Dean realize the plan without a word, Castiel reaching to hold his wrist with the tracking bracelet. “I will always come when you call, Dean.”
“Well, then I guess I’ll see you around, if you do decide to buy here. Good people here, but a bit...wild. Just as a fair warning.” Dean starts to drive off, Castiel moving to follow him but not able to after the cloud of dust he kicks up as he drives away. He couldn’t know who Castiel was - not to him at least - but perhaps he believed Castiel to be someone else? It’s not surprising, with the emphasis put on accepting ReEvaluations. He still waves out some of the dust and pulls out his phone again, making the call.
“Maybe, though I doubt they’ll be around. Sad to say, the life of a Hunter brings up too many threats.”
“I hate dancing,” Uriel mutters, but Balthazar’s sudden happy movement to the party gets both of them, as well as Naomi and Samandiriel, to quickly head over as Balthazar gives the Smith sister a kiss. Uriel glares at him as he pulls him back, stating to Davies, “Our apologies for him, Balthazar does not know when to avoid such things.”
Dean sighs, nodding. That lie is easy enough to work into something semi-truthful. “Yes. At the time I…I wasn’t sure how long I’d be here. It was easier to put down a pseudonym. With all that happened--.”
He glares at her as Meg chuckles and shakes her head. “Whatever rumors there are about Mr. Smith, he at least is asking for your help and the help of the garrison. Isn’t that enough to bring him into your good graces?”
Both men look at him as he smiles. “Dean Winchester has gotten his Placement, and accepted the envelope. We should have updates about it…” his tablet dinged a notification as Balthazar smiled. “Ah, there. Wonderful, we don’t—.” Balthazar doesn’t finish his sentence as Castiel strides out of the room, heading for the elevator and the Placement area of the Centre. It doesn’t take him long to get there, finding Dean sitting and looking over the results himself, his phone open and, it seems, checking the results himself.
Castiel Krushnic sighs as he looks at the old house on the outskirts of town, debating on if he should take it or not. It’s fairly close to Savage country, but considering his reasons for being here, having a place near Savagelands was a good idea, especially in a town where only ones leading Civilized life were near the Centre and the influence got less and less as it got further out. It was why Castiel and the others who wished to come here were grateful, though. Naomi viewed it as a way to relax, Uriel needed to recover from other events, Hannah was deciding on what they should do, and Balthazar...well, a change of scenery was always good for him.
The observation is enough to get Castiel to smile. “That is the conclusion I came to, though not for us, but for Quicksilver.” To his credit, Dean doesn’t even pause at the mention of what Castiel now knows as his alter-ego, as much as Dean Smith was a cover, or the one who bought this room was. “You never were so careless before. Even after your time in Hell. What did they give you in exchange for something like that, and why take the job?”
Castiel watches her walk back to Davies, wondering about the conversation and the strange turn it had taken. He didn’t think he’d been too rude, though he supposed mentioning and insinuating her brother was unpleasant might have led to the way the conversation had turned by the end of the dance. He couldn’t help it, though, since he’d rather be truthful about such things than attempt false flattery.
It appeared the Men of Letters were doing their best to learn from all the others who were hiding, and then utilize that against Echelon. The survivors from the failed coup obviously learned some lessons.
“Fuck me, what did they do to piss off three?” No one knew what or who a Seraph was – only that they were humans gifted with something that made them god-like. He knew he could hear them, but not why. Still, he’d never pulled any of them before Alistair’s, so it could be that Hell gave him something besides nightmares and a need to hide his true identity while playing good Echelon slave.
Dean sighs, remembering what he saw of Castiel’s talk with Sonny, and what Sonny told him afterward. “Maybe. But…” the memory of the room and coffee being made, Castiel watching the nesting birds, sticks in his head. “I kinda want to try for it. Even if I don’t get it.” Dean had been holed up in the annex about two weeks since this whole thing started, and maybe he was just getting antsy for the outdoors. Mostly, though, Dean knows that it’s because Castiel is...who he is. No matter what else, he knows Cas. He thinks he knows his brother. He knows Bobby for sure, and the bastard is probably going to kill Crowley if he has to deal with the man any longer than he absolutely has to. The main point, though, is that even if he knows them, he wants to take the test so he can finally know for himself who
“He is to me,” Castiel points out, getting her to glance away in anger, “and he is to Sam Winchester. Whatever else, he is important enough to start a fight with the Hunters over their treatment of someone they state they hold dear. I don’t know what else they might do, but I want Dean happy. He was not happy with the Hunters, I think. But until he speaks on it himself, we only have the reports.”
Bela chuckles before they get to the home again just ahead of the rain. Benny had taken a shine to most of the servants, and while he was treated as an equal out on the road, he enjoyed being with the servants and helping out. Mick was still out, checking on some cemetery or area nearby.  “One of the guys, Phillip, stated the Ganems were
“Yep,” Dean says, offering a bit of a smile. “If it’s ok, I can stay over for a bit, make sure things run smoothly. Means we get an earlier head-start tomorrow.”
The man sighed. “I hoped it wasn’t, but the others and I all agreed the month down in Town would at least keep them safe for now, and make repairs easier.” Dean looks outside at the various patches and areas indicating some attempts at cleaning things up. Dean lets out a huff as he finally asks, “So, since we’re all having a good time here, mind doing that introduction?”
Naomi looks surprised to see the two as Balthazar stands, saying, “Oh, Castiel, are you returning the favor for the Smith’s helping Uriel? Or did you decide to anger Mr. Smith by flirting with his sister?”
of the Seraphs to him, it’ll keep a few people safe. All he has to hope for is that it’s not the one who tried to grab him.
Dean shakes their head at the information. Samuel would’ve had their hide or tossed them out if he knew they messed up
” Dean quickly gets into ‘work’ mode, making notes as he gets some of the information and the report rattles on. He remains silent, not sure what Castiel had told anyone, but feeling Ward’s smirk as he works, and the Enforcer gives his own report on the ‘lack of evidence’ to conclude ‘where Quicksilver went’ on his end.
Allen shifts up a bit, still over Dean’s body as he preps Dean’s body, making his body sing in pleasure as the Investigator all but examines every inch of his body with his fingers and lips. “You’re so lovely and beautiful, every inch of your body wanting me.” Dean feels himself flush with what blood he has left, eyes hooded with lust as he looks and watches him looming over him, fingers opening him up and hitting a spot inside of him that makes Dean’s toes curl with each touch.
“As well as can be,” she tells him simply, “though he will be better after he returns with some more servants. After that, I will have to leave.”
The woman is radiant in a way, dressed in a white dress that obviously had been bought for her on short notice by Michal Davies. The green ribbons that were added to it since the week it was purchased only pull out more of the coloring, from the light skin of one who had been indoors most of their life to the dark blond hair that matched her brother’s own, though the dark accents in it only served to show how artfully it had been put up. Unlike her brother’s heavy-handed and often annoying attempts, the sister seemed to move as easily through society as her brother did not. He notices Uriel glaring at her, and slowly walks over to him, watching Davies and the Smith sister dance.
She sees him consider this as Mr. Davies heads out of the store, carrying a bag of some sort that appears quite full, and gets Meg to raise her eyebrow at him when he passes by. He tips his hat to the duo as he passes by, Meg watching him and trying to figure out what he’d gotten. Those mostly had dresses, but would they really want them? She glances over to see Uriel come out, Samandiriel looking a bit confused as well, as Castiel and she go back to where they stand.
"“Does this have to do with the fact that twice, Castiel ranked highest across all the categories, or because your brother left without attempting to get you back, even though your employment is currently open-ended?”"
Dean sighs, remembering what he saw of Castiel’s talk with Sonny, and what Sonny told him afterward. “Maybe. But…” the memory of the room and coffee being made, Castiel watching the nesting birds, sticks in his head. “I kinda want to try for it. Even if I don’t get it.” "
Uriel seems to shift at that, but only Castiel really notices it. Dean, when he sees Castiel again after taking a quick turn around the room, comes up to them with a smile, “When I met up with Millie, she wanted to thank you for helping against the Dreadfuls.”
“I hope you learn to have more weapons in your arsenal than simply what you use against Dreadfuls. They might not appreciate decent manners, but some would say society and people are far more dangerous than a Dreadful.”
“My, the rumors were true,” the buyer quickly comes out of the shadows, taking and checking over the item before the runner takes it back with a quick snatch.
“He won’t,” Uriel growls out, “and you should stay away. There’s no point in you returning when all you bring is such bad luck.”
, but those were becoming fewer and further between with each interaction. Still, Dean was always in a sour mood the day after Seraphs were called down somewhere - if he sensed them, it meant he was disturbed.
Castiel considers this, wondering about it, and then looks over to them both. “I don’t see why I should promise to not have any ‘designs’ on one who appears to believe they are already being courted by an Angel. I’m sure you don’t understand what that means, and as I do not know of a Lady Winchester, I cannot make that promise.” Now Master Singer looks upset, and Castiel considers a long moment before adding in, “You both arriving here could be seen as confirming my so-called ‘designs’ upon her, and now you both are acting as if the lady has no say in who she might choose to love or who she believes is best for her in her age.” He notices that both men appear only somewhat chastised by this, which is at least a start. If what they claimed was true, then he and Dean - or Millie - had to speak quickly. “If you both were here simply for congratulations, questions, or something else about anything else, perhaps I or my Garrison could have helped, but as we don’t know anyone by the name of Lady Winchester, and the only ‘Millie’ in the area is currently on holiday elsewhere, I suggest you speak to her brother, Mister Smith, at Fielkett.”
“A servant will be up with some things to help Uriel as well.” Dean adds, though he appears worried about something, “Whatever the spirit did, he’s a bit...ill.”
“As I said, we’re all here to make sure the Squirrel is doing good. I was called in to be neutral, along with a few others. After all, Hunters in some areas are a very exclusive club. One would almost think you’re all cooking the books to keep them all in the family. Naughty.” The hint and Crowley being here makes sense. The Coven supposedly had caused his mother issues for having him ‘unsanctioned’, and her work against them had been quite a push. He wishes that it hadn’t been brought to that, but he is glad he warned Dean’s friend now. Hopefully, things won’t turn so bad, but at this point, Castiel is the one with the so-called ‘claim’ to Dean that is stronger than Singer and Sam Winchester, unless something else is going to come up.
“I’m sure we’ll get along well enough, respect each way,” Dean finally says, offering a smile as Sir Adler comes in, saying, “Ah, they...they’re all…”
Uriel is silent at that, and Millie wants to leave the conversation there, but hears him mutter, “Yes. It’s better if you leave us alone.”
return to the Hunters, not remain here nor go with you, no matter what the report is. Sam seems insistent that another Evaluation is required, so that it can show that Dean belongs with them. Bobby is in agreement. Neither are budging, and Naomi has called for a Judge. Osiris and Anubis are arriving shortly, but Gabriel won’t be far behind.” She shakes her head again. “I hate this. All of this for him.”
to join the Men of Letters, and were having a whist party when the Dreadful got in. Apparently, the Campbell who came here was tracking them, but failed to notice both, only killing one of them in the party.”
Emmanuel Allen and one of the Enforcers he worked with, Ward, stood outside the door, looking a bit ruffled and like they were very, very upset. Allen looks at Dean, down, then back up again with such force it’s amazing his eyes don’t rattle around like some cartoon. Ward glances down only briefly enough to ensure that Dean is, in fact, dripping wet from a shower and naked, before he huffs as Allen swallows and says, “Dean…we need to come in.”
“He is also old enough to be hurt, and I’d like for that to not happen yet,” Uriel mutters, despite the quiet argument, and cracks his eyes open a bit. “I’m tired, but not dead yet, Castiel.”
“The Angel Castiel,” the footman announces as Castiel strides in, bowing as Dean Smith rises and gives a return bow.
The letter itself is simple enough, outlining how Uriel had come to be his sunshine self and why his attempt to court Mick had failed so miserably, but mostly, it spoke of Castiel’s own original misgivings about them, how the arrival of “Millie” had begun to turn his mind from dislike to care and love, and how their campaign against the Fell-touched had lead Castiel to understand that he did, indeed, love Dean as who they were, either as Dean or as Millie. However, he also acknowledged that he didn’t fully understand what it was Dean or Millie were leaving, nor did he understand the fear and despair they felt, and hoped the letter would clarify things and allow Castiel to become better.
The end of the maintenance shaft he’d taken is open, and he waits only long enough for the machines to head up before he quickly gets in and scales to the next hiding hole – one full of blissful clean air. He sucks it in greedily as he waits for the bots to pass, shaking and knowing he can’t stay long – the robots might not have noses, but the stink will show up sooner or later. He also has to be careful when he tosses his gear – anything leading to “his” apartment is going to be bad, and he’s sure Bobby and the others are calling for him, even after the multiple warnings. Still, he at least got in a solid hit on the Seraph. Maybe it even hurt him.
“He runs with them,” Bela points out, getting Dean to glance over at her, “and he all but called you baggage for the Campbells before. Wouldn’t hurt for him to feel it’s sting.”
Dean stops and turns back to the agenda, waving the hand with a bracelet on to bring up the information. “The agenda for today is open - you have a few meetings with regards to small things in various sectors, as well as talk about revitalizing some unused buildings as staging grounds for Investigators and others who work to maintain the peace.” That was usual. “Sir Ward and Investigator Hendrickson have asked to speak to you regarding security in the Third Tier, and Dame Milton has a meeting set up for you in an hour on confidential items.”
Uriel lets out an annoyed huff of air. “I’ll need to find Ketch then. The fool thinks he’s subtle. We didn’t figure out Mick until Ketch spoke to him in such a manner.”
Castiel glances at the two men before saying, “Gentlemen, more pressing matters have come up, and so you will see yourselves out, or the servants will ensure you are thrown out. Good day.” Master Singer looks ready to sputter out in indignation, but Castiel leaves them as he and Balthazar race out, wings starting to spread to aid them in rushing forward. “Uriel?”
“So long as you recover, that is what matters. Naomi went to where the spirit was said to be last. I hope she finds it before Davies does.”
“The motor thing was them pulling out some stunt, and you’re either playing along or getting played.”
Davis looks at it as Benny Lafiette and Bela Talbot ride up, the two arguing over something or other, while Dean shakes their head as they look over at the small entrance. The lawn is overgrown, and it doesn’t have much in the way of hiding places, and what had been the long road into the main entrance to the front door was now a mass of unkempt branches and dead leaves. Though not the way most came in, outside of carriages, it still showed that even before the attack, the family here had not kept up a good household.
It was now Dean’s turn to look away, eyes downcast. Castiel catches the barest hint of the look, but understands immediately. He says, “Forgive my earlier rudeness, as I asked. My beliefs, even during this conversation, have remained much the same, though new information has caused me to think perhaps I approached this in the wrong way. Allow me to at least write down what I meant, so there can be no way for you to misunderstand me.”
There’s a sudden slamming of the front door, getting Dean, Benny, and two other servants to rush towards the front. Others rush to the back or the protected areas, not about to get into any sort of fight. Dean and the others hadn’t demanded they fight for the house - better they leave and get help over die with the household - and both Dean and Benny make it to the foyer before hearing Mick say, “It’s us!”
. I got interrogated about where I was, what I was doing, ‘cause I was dumb enough to leave a trail. I need out of here,
“C-Cas…fuck, Cas, please, ah…ah, fuck,” he’s so hard, and each thrust is just spiking his pleasure again, “Ca-Cas…”
from being murdered by a powerful spirit. Or does he simply say he’s sorry after trying to scare someone who gave him a compliment?” Dean stalks closer, and though his green eyes are bright with anger, pain is there too. Castiel realizes what he said and how it might sound, and looks away in shame.
“I assumed you’d wanted to be followed, as that,” he points to his bracelet, “was still on your wrist. Mick is fine as well, though I’m sure he’s quite upset at the group he chose to be with.”
“I assumed they would, after what happened last night,” Allan sounds annoyed - Dean guesses it’s not because the Seraph was called, but because it failed to grab its prize. “Though Anna’s request is a bit strange.” He taps and allows it to scan, reading the confidential files as Dean considers his next move. An open agenda and an hour before work means no real time to go through files, and the agenda as it was meant Allan probably would send him out for the day. Good timing to investigate what he’d gotten, and maybe make some extra on the side, but beyond that he might be a little hard-pressed.
, his ReEvaluation. Still, seeing him here, and on this route, makes up Castiel’s mind. “No, I am fine. I was thinking of moving out to this house, fix it up, so that my family had a place. I’ve heard that the country is...good for such things.”
Castiel shakes his head before kissing him again. “I suppose that will have to work for us.” The kiss deepens as Dean leans back on the big bed, smiling as he watches Cas start to strip before he also pulls off his shirt and starts to get naked as well.
“Cas started it,” Dean mutters as Mick helps them to sit down, noticing his frown. “As much as I hate to do this, I think I have to go away on business soon. But my...sister...will be in shortly.”
“I already heard enough complaints and ‘compliments’ from Bal, I don’t need them from you as well, Dean,” Emmanuel Allan, Second Lead Investigator, mutters as he glances over at him in annoyance. HIs hair is once more a mess of black, and the dark circles under his eyes have grown, making the normally sharp blue eyes dull in comparison to their usual.
“I’m a bit better in the female role, so I hope you don’t mind?” Castiel shook his head as an answer. Though found the mention bizarre, at the same time, he’s grateful for keeping to his normal role. The two bow, starting the dance.
Dean chuckles, the sound one that Castiel finds very pleasant. “I’m sure we could figure something out for you.”
“Why do you say that?” Balthazar asks as Uriel watches him examine the layout of the sewer, maintenance tunnels, and the like before they spot it.
“Had a hard time sleeping,” he mutters, “and Allen called today...he didn’t sound so happy. I’m not sure what happened to get him to be so upset.” No need to mention Allen called at his home and figured out who he was.
Dean gets out of the shower just as there’s a sudden pounding on his front door. He jumps at it, grabbing a towel that’s just big enough to cover his hips and bits, down to his knees, gripping it with his left hand so the mark and his arm was to one side as he headed over, glad that he’d put everything away before the Seraphs descended, and opened the door as the pounding started again, angrily asking, “Wh-ah…sir?”
Dean looks at the hand cover his wrist, and after a second, puts his own over Castiel’s. It’s warm, but also shaking lightly. “It’s a lot, Cas. I was looking for him for so long, and now I can find him? Just like that? That you’re…you’re not…”
Dean is good to his word and comes up early each day. What’s even harder for those days, though, is Dean’s question at the end of each day is almost painful. The idea of having Dean over for the night, without the benefit of the Placement, is difficult. Castiel wants only to speak to Dean about this all, to convince him to come with him to receive it, to get with Castiel, but each chance he thinks on it, he...can’t.
The news quickly garners attention, and despite Castiel not really wanting to return to Fielkett after the stay a week ago, they still all get ready to head over to at least greet the new arrival. Castiel notes the setup is best to keep everyone safe, and most of the servants are from town, meaning Mr. Smith must have gotten those who knew how to protect everyone, and what he sees of the area shows well-lit sites to keep everyone safe, as well as well-stocked areas with arrows, bolts, and even gunpowder and rifles. He’s surprised at how well the hall and areas are set up, so he’s surprised when he finally sees the focus of attention.
She can guess, but still, it’s odd to see him there, instead of Balthazar. She still smirks when she walks up to Castiel, nodding to them all before asking, “What brings you to town?”
Dean pulls a bit at his arm, and Castiel lets it go without a fight before he says, “I got in contact with the guy who set up my…other jobs. My…the guy I was looking for was there. He needs me to help him.”
Castiel nods. “True. In the meantime, I’m going to head to the office. I expect you to be there, and act as you normally would.” Dean looks a little annoyed at the command but continues to get dressed. “We do need to speak there about everything you didn’t tell me.”
“The man who had the gun is former French Creole,” she tells Castiel as they go in for some refreshments, “From their Louisiana area in the colonies. Much beyond that is not known of Dean Smith and his merry band, but it’s said they have a storied legacy before arriving here.” She takes the offered apple and bites into it. “Rumors that Sam Winchester came around Fielkett shortly after the Smith group arrived are pretty high now.”
“My skills at speaking to people are rusty,” Castiel grants him, feeling this was perhaps a mistake. At least when his sister teased anyone, Castiel could enjoy it. “Though I will say your sister managed to...clear out...some of them.”
“So, are you ever going to throw a ball here?” The question gets Dean to turn fully to their guest, confused as they look over at Balthazar.
The two are interrupted by Balthazar running up, the other man saying, “Sorry to interrupt you lovelies, but I just got the news that our whole fight is now moot.”
Uriel is unnaturally upset by something or other for the next two days, and while Balthazar spends much of his time either drinking or checking through their arsenal - as his normal routine - Castiel works in silence to learn what he can. Naomi and Samandiriel work to strengthen Samandiriel’s abilities, practicing outside when they can, or going into town to work with the others who are also magically inclined. As such, he’s not surprised by a visit from Meg a few days after the disastrous ball, arriving with some news and gossip she’d gained from Sir Adler and others around him.
“Who rode you hard and put you up wet?” all three men choke at Charlie’s question, the red head looking between them all coolly over her tea. “I have money riding on this, so spill.”
Allen reaches to stop Dean when he heads towards the privacy screen, a strange feeling moving up Dean’s arm at the touch. His left shoulder tingles as he glances at Allen, blue eyes almost hypnotic as the fearful look has turned serious, as if something had flipped a switch. “Are you sure about this? All of it?”
“I would have not bothered you all, but the path there was full of Dreadfuls. I would like to send word first, so we might clear the path and not put anyone else in danger. Though none were quite dangerous, a lot of them could cause one. On top of that, though they are Dreadfuls, one could be powerful.”
“You’re never this late, and you might be hiding it, but you’re obviously sore. So, spill it. Who got in with the great Dean Smith?”
” Dean sighs. He’s not surprised that’s what Bobby is upset over. The motor would’ve been useful to fix a few things, or to take apart and try to reverse-engineer with what they had in the Outlands, but Dean’s sure he can get a few others that still work, without having to draw a Seraph down to the Garden again.
Castiel blinks at that, glancing around the room and his own sawdust-covered self before swallowing slightly. “Forgive me...but…”
Mick nods, understanding, then says, “What’s really upsetting you? You normally don’t act like this without some reason.” He glances around before leaning in. “It’s that sigil, right? We can take it off, it won’t be—.”
"Sonny sighs as he opens the barn door and walks up to the loft, glancing over to where Dean sleeps in the hay. “You’re being an idiot.”
Of course, his good luck runs out the moment he spots a dark-haired wall of a man walking over to him.
Castiel does his best to ignore the three as they leave, knowing that whatever else, the people Dean is leading out of this area are important to him, and that makes them important to Castiel for the moment. If he’s lucky, it won’t take long before Dean can return to them.
Castiel is quiet about it, and after Meg leaves, he goes to let Balthazar know about the job he will have soon.
“I was thinking...if she is not dancing with Mr. Davies, perhaps you could speak to him finally? And give him
The trail had been a very hard one to find. It had taken a lot of work, discovering only one safe house that had all the water used up had led them on a bit of a wild chase until the final bit that brought them to that block. That Dean lived in the apartment complex had crossed Castiel’s mind, but the idea of Dean being involved with Quicksilver had been so far from it at the time that when Dean opened the door to the one room where the last, faint scent of the sewer and composted permeated, along with everything else, he’d been too surprised to really act.
Dean shakes as he tries to not to argue. That was the part he never argued with Cas, because he doubts the Seraph or anyone else have any good answers for something like that. “
The information obviously worries the other man, but he nods after a moment. “Ok. I’ll tell him that, and we’ll call if we need it. If you work to keep them in the Centre, we’ll keep Dean safe here. Same with Jody and Donna.”
It was only after their father explained to Dean that Sam had been infected by a Fell-touched Azazel that Dean had begun to see the cracks. Still, they’d persisted, fought, and strived until they found a way to kill Azazel, though the curse that they’d put upon Sam was now upon Dean. Dean had accepted that readily - happily, as Millie Deanna Winchester-Campbell, Blessed Lady of that noble and Good alliance, would Dean have gone to anything. They’d been afraid of the death promised then, they’d been worried of how it would affect Sam, Father, and Mother, but they’d accepted it as their cause.
of Dean Smith, lord of Fielkett House, leader of the Smith band of Freelance Hunters, and gentleman who is currently going to be gone for a
“That...I didn’t think it would be you,” Castiel says, “I had hoped to bring you into this any other way. As for the…” he motions to where the mark is on his arm, “There is little written on the subject, but it’s likely due to a combination of what was done to you in Perdition, as well as what I was doing at the time.” Dean frowns at that, Castiel continuing as he says, “I was attempting to heal you. Another bit of literature suggests it could also be that your body is compatible with being a Seraph.”
That whole idea is almost too painful to think. Sammy’s the only family he has. But if he let Dean get set up to nearly get killed? And how had Mick not known that Dean was ‘the one’ until now?
Could he deal with them if they did? Would he be able to? Dean already knows he couldn’t – if they sent Charlie, that wouldn’t happen. Benny or Mick? Maybe, but
Dean shifts to the main road, glad that things are back to semi-neutral territory. “He’s worked his way up a few Choirs from me,” the pride carries, so he can at least shift the bracelet back to normal. “I’m thinking of going up there, though I’m a bit worried I’ll miss him if I’m just looking around.”
The tone does not change when Miss Smith disappears a few days later, though there are rumors as to where she might be. Her brother arrives at the same time with Benny and the new servants. The work to take out the Dreadfuls takes up the next few days. Naomi begins to waiver on their dislike when Benny arrives with a simple invitation, though he appears quite upset with the Garrison.
“Track for traces of human waste material and methane,” Castiel says, considering before saying, “in public restrooms or areas with heavy plant covering.”
“The bastard has a death wish!” Bal’s announcement is ignored as Uriel and Castiel head out, going to where the discrepancy had been found, pausing as they find the discarded mask but nothing else. Castiel moves back, allowing one of the other Investigators to get it for evidence while he thinks. Without knowing where Quicksilver is headed, tracking his next exit point is currently impossible. They might have to search the feeds for anything strange, but often Quicksilver is able to avoid the cameras, or blend in enough to hide where he is. This time, having gone through the sewers, he’ll need to clean up, or he’ll have to get a new set of clothing after discarding the others and cleaning off the rest of himself.
Mick pulls her into a hug, and the two head back in as Millie does their best to not let their tears fall.
He glances around as he gets into their servant’s area, waving to Benny and some of the others in the room. Most of them were Tiered and seemed to believe Dean had worked his way up from the Garden or a lower Tier to be here. None confused him for anything but that, and Dean was fine with it. Hell, he’d be fine if they thought he was some slave from the Garden, but then again, he’d originally gotten into his position by helping his current Investigator.
“He’s being used, as are the Hunters. I believe the goal is another coup - the Men of Letters are attempting to regain ground and destabilize us enough to cause a rift.” He sighs. “I think the attempt by Zachariah caused them to be bold, though the added confusion by Metatron would also cause the issues.”
“You don’t,” Sam sneers, huffing in exasperation. “I had someone match me fully. You know what Dean did to her?”
Millie lets out a breath, wondering about the way that was phrased. “Not all of it - I knew that someone was attacked by a malevolent spirit near here, but not much more due to how short our talk was before I came here. He heard tales of what happened and the loss, and disliked the idea of it happening again, but never got the full story.” Cas seems to stiffen a bit at that mention. “Was your garrison here during...the original loss?”
“Enough, Uriel,” Naomi mutters as one of the men comes up to ask her for a dance, which she accepts with grace, “whatever else, Fielkett is better being lent than having it fester. Though I’m curious how they got into the house.”
“I had a lot of work to do. Sorry for that.” He turns to look at the man and wink. “Besides, I thought you liked it when I made you wait.” At the glare he got, Dean chuckles a bit while walking over to him, “Not for nothing, but last time someone besides you looked at me like that, I got laid.”
time here.” Millie’s brother Dean smiles unhappily back at them, though the hair is a bit too long to keep the illusion. “I’m sure when Sam mentions seeing us here, Father will be excited to learn we’re near an Angel Garrison, let alone that one is
“The Dreadfuls made it from the woods!” came the alarm with a French lilt to its words, the non-fighters quickly rushing to safety when they realized what was happening. Sir Adler directs them as Castiel yells out to the garrison, “Balthazar, Uriel, be ready, Samandiriel, Meg, everyone, prepare!”
Hunters needed to be mobile, and so often moved in smaller groups like Sam’s or Dean’s. They also never really used seals similar to the one Dean had found, unless they were under employee, then they had that employer create or use it, allowing them to save face should things go south. Dean doubted that Sam had been the one to leave the seal: Father had taught the two to never be so sloppy, though he’d not always stood up to those ideals instilled in his children. Still, since he’d returned to England and went under the wing of Grandfather Samuel and the others, Sam had done more and more things that left Dean to question how well they really knew their brother.
“Need I remind you that even if I did take you in now, it would only be as a formality to the actual questioning? Naked or not,
“I like showing off, but that’s beside the point. Our arrival caused a scene, last I checked, and we owe it to the people here. If nothing else, we should also work to help out the servants and others we’ve got under our employ as well.”
“The metaphor was nearly good,” Dean remarks with a small smile, “though I see where there can be rust. With how the world is, we cannot help but find flaws in how we move through society, no matter what the rules.” Sir Adler smiles at them, apparently glad to see them dancing together, but luckily says nothing about it as they continue the dance, silent for a long moment before Dean adds, “I heard your Garrison were working to protect the area where the Dreadfuls were. Do you guys always work on your own?”
“Manners be--” Benny puts a hand on his shoulder, getting Mick to let out a few breaths before saying, “How soon?”
“You’re not.” Dean looks over at Castiel as he offers him a slight smile, walking over to his own desk to give him space. “We’re doing what we can, Dean. But to say that you’re pathetic for wanting to help someone you care for…that’s simply not true.” Dean remains silent as Castiel speaks, appearing more worried now than before. “Do you need me to come with you?”
“Are you alright?” Cas asks, Millie nodding as Naomi huffs in a way that gets Millie to glance at her, worried. The Angel glares at them as Cas says, “Naomi?”
about what Castiel had said. They instead focus on writing a letter, explaining things to Castiel. It takes three tries, the whole thing difficult to lay bare, but they manage it. Going out to deliver the letter the next morning, Castiel had surprised them on the road, looking just as conflicted as Dean. The two exchanged letters, and Dean had barely managed to make it back to the relative safety of Fielkett’s restored walking paths before tearing it open to read the inside.
More than a few hadn’t been spared, including Bela last he heard. He hopes it’s not true - Bela Talbot tended to survive a lot, and though they were not the best of friends, he didn’t want her dead. But Castiel had come down from on-high and judged them all sinners. Only the Investigator who’d also been there, and who Dean had helped and now worked for, had survived.
“If you say so, though I must admit, you should stop trying to protect us all,” Mick says with a sigh. Millie smiles a bit at him as they keep walking, Mick adding in, “I’m sure I can speak to Uriel later on, when you’re home and I’m out on my own.”
“It’s forgiven, as I’m not the wronged party. As it was between you and her, please write out that apology. When she arrives again, I’m sure she’ll give her answer.”
“The Gale’s got a lot of the same issues as here, so probably not,” Dean states as the servant leaves, “but we’ll offer an invite for them later.”
It means that the moment he leaves, back to his life as Dean Winchester, the others will all be his enemies.
The others all nod, and right after breakfast, everyone begins to prepare. Dean sighs as they go back to the smaller study that they’d picked out for their own, examining everything once more. Though Balthazar had been a good choice for setting up blessings in the home, he’d not exactly been the best for conversation. On top of that, the Angel had put up a few sigils a bit too zealously, resulting in pain from Dean’s own hidden rune. They’d have to update it, or at least do what they can to make it less painful. If not, well….
“I hate it. I hate him for not wanting you, and I hate that you want only him. I hate that...at the end of all this, he may even pick you. I just...I want you to pick me.”
Miss Talbot waves her hand casually. “It’s no trouble. We’re glad to help out and try to take care of our new home.” She gives both of them another small smile. “I’ll let you go and see Uriel now. I’d hate to keep you both.”
Benny looks like he wants to protest, but Davies nods in understanding. Benny mutters a curse before nodding himself, preparing his weapons, and heading in as soon as the small board is opened, followed quickly by Dean and Davies as Bela closes the board again and marks the time.
Dean pushes that thought of his mind as he hears the static build in the background. He’s near enough to the Walls to see the shaking begin, and it’s discordant enough to let him know that this isn’t one pull – it’s
Allen’s next kiss is far more demanding, pushing Dean back and down onto the bed. The feel of Allen’s cock straining against his trousers, lining up with his own cock as it starts to get interested. He moans again as Allen shifts from Dean’s lips to along his cheeks and down his neck, getting him to shift and push up against Allen, shaking as he grips Allen’s tie, his left-hand fisting into the sheets.
The newest addition to Fielkett is a woman who is, perhaps, very close to Dean or Millie in some ways. Miss Joanna Harville carries the name of one of the many Hunters who worked with Lord Winchester to secure Hingham Bridge. She is liked for her abilities but her crassness does her no justice. Still, Balthazar enjoys her company, if only because they got into a fight with weapons shortly after he insulted her, and it ended in a draw.
“The upset and the focus seems to hint at it, and I have a list of everyone taken. The two idiots are listed but from the day I got them their motor.” He pauses, hating that he must lie, but…. “Ward, an Enforcer here, thinks the Hunters are too stupid to use the motor, that they’re getting help from inside. I guess the raid made them think that Quicksilver is working for some other group.”
“There was a spirit as well,” Uriel grounds out from next to Mick, looking annoyed at the thought they might believe he was being taken out by mere
fully clothed. He’s still in the tan overcoat, black suit, and blue tie that somehow got turned around backwards. Dean reaches up with his free hand to twist it back around, but instead finds himself just holding onto it, like a lifeline.
, in his room, and with something that could spell trouble for him. Did he think that being shy and coy would do it for the Investigator? It was probably just a surprise at what was going on, but still…this wasn’t who he was.
“He has a point,” Castiel told Balthazar, glancing at the other Angel. “I’ve never known a Hunter or one of that stock to want an estate around here for any reason.”
Mick manages a nod as Dean drinks some of the breakfast smoothie. If he admits to being with Allen - Castiel - what the hell will the office gossip be like? What can he say for how they ran into each other? Charlie looks over at him for a bit, but his obvious upset seems to get her to realize that she should back off.
“He is still ill, but there is no sign the spirit did anything to his powers.” He dislikes mentioning it, but he doubts that Bela Talbot doesn’t already know it.
“Gentlemen, please,” the British voice gets both Castiel and Uriel’s hackles to raise, Singer turning and looking ready to fight as the new person walks up, “We’re all here to figure out what’s best for the dear Squirrel. No reason we should start the arguments already.” Crowley McLeod smiles at them all as he sees Castiel and the others. A former Daemon who now ran the Crossroads Institute. He could only be here if Gabriel or the others decided to not be here, or if the Hunters decided to bring him in.
He’s not bothered as he continues along and into the home, listening before he hears someone asking for someone else to not hurt someone, the familiar cadence getting his mind to instantly realize it was Dean. He walks easily towards the sound, getting to the top of the stair before spotting something that makes him smirk a bit. Well, that was the answer to why they wanted a motor. Keeping the shield up would take a lot of energy from the Walls and outside of it. A new motor from inside Echelon, and one for something so used as the Recycler?
Dean looks at him and smiles a bit. “We do, though our reputations are not always the same. And you are not always bogged down by familial responsibility.”
Dean nods in understanding, looking over to Benny and another servant, “I know some of the servants have homes, but we do need to keep them in for tonight, any still here, and some warding set up in the homes nearby if possible. I’ll send out the message with a protected servant - I think you mentioned your son was a fast runner and had protection?” The footman nods. “Ok, I’ll make up a necklace just in case - I trust you, but more protection is better.”They glanced at Bela next, “If you can, please send out word to some of the others too. If it’s bad enough to get an Angel, even if by luck, it might get bolder.”
Formal introductions are then made there for the other Angels besides Castiel - Joanna Harville, late of the Harville Wayhouse Estate, is nowhere near as graceful and honestly far worse than Dean was at their tact, enough that Castiel almost questions if Joanna is similar to Dean in some way, shape, or form, and has a male name to go there. Still, no one asks her reason for being there, as over the months many had come to accept Dean’s odd turn, Millie’s lack of appearance, and all the rest had gotten the townsfolk used to the strangeness of the Smith group. Meg was honestly happier to have someone to gossip with in Bela, and with Miss Harville now, perhaps Balthazar and Naomi will stop being so upset.
“No?” The thrusting slows, which only makes Dean whine from the loss. However, it does give him enough cognitive power back to finish his actual thought and voice it out loud.
“Quite the flattery,” she hums, not sounding particularly interested now, “but you also seem to keep your opinions and the like to yourself, unless you wish to avoid subjects.”
“I assume he killed her, since the only time you were so matched was when you were attempting to work with Lucifer.”
The group is quiet as he leaves, his mind focused on the time and what to do. Hopefully, the Seraph fucked off to wherever those bastards come from, and all he’ll need to deal with is maybe Hendrickson or some overzealous LEO. While beating up on LEOs was a bad time, he could fight if needed and had before. His reputation of being able to get out of wherever he was had grown, and he wasn’t about to lose it now for a timing issue.
Dean’s wiped by the time he gets to the apartment he uses as Dean Smith, and the possibility of calling in sick dances through his head briefly before he throws it out. He can’t afford the scrutiny of being out, and even if he takes that chance, what will he do with that time off? He already got into an abandoned, half-refurbished Third Tier apartment he used back before Cold Oaks and used up all the water ration before having to wipe down with alternate means. At least Smith’s apartment was still good, but too much there would also cause a few notices. The little dip had meant he now had to abandon two places in the Third Tier, and while he could see his phone blinking from missed calls and voicemails, he didn’t have the time to go through all of them or whatever Bobby had to complain to him about.
“I might, though I am waiting for the right Placement to see what they might want.” Dean’s quiet, nodding and looking almost annoyed. It’s another thing that Castiel has yet to figure out - each talk about Placements seems only to upset Dean in some way.
Castiel sighs as he looks at the information before him. All roads point to the fact that Dean Winchester needs someone to help him, and that until major changes are made, that will not be Sam Winchester or Bobby Singer. The two are far too close to him as he was, and as they’d treated him at the behest of John Winchester, to allow for anything beyond Dean to let them into his life when he had the chance.
“You seem lost in thought there,” Mick Davies mutters as he rides up, getting Dean to glance over at him, “That’s a bad trait in these times.”
The simple, straightforward manner in which Castiel says this seems to deflate Sam, but his anger only returns in a silent way that is in no way similar to Dean’s, save for the way he puffs up in annoyance and gets ready for a fight. “What did you say?”
“They didn’t catch him,” one of the other secretaries say, though some of the secretaries from the Garden also look annoyed at that, “He got away…but they did send in a Seraph. Castiel.”
Castiel’s still debating if he should go with this house or another when a postal truck drives up, stopping as the heavy sound of boots crunching on gravel follows it. He turns to look over when a rough but curious voice says, “Hey.”
His left arm aches as he rushes to the Walls, sneaking into the panicking area and quickly leading a few to safe hiding areas in the Scrapyard. The quiet from no Recycler being used is eerie and makes it even more difficult to hide in than normal. Still, the kids and their families quicky head off, ready to hide wherever they can, while Dean continues his work. He sets off a few more alarms and creates more chaos where he can, until he hears the familiar sound of something coming for him.
to show their interest, but will also cause issues for everyone. If Quicksilver was either working with, or was, a Winchester working with the Hunters, he’d been set up to lead them to the Hunters, get whatever information was in the two hapless ones, and then…what?
, their father’s voice echoes in their head, but their hand still shakes somewhat as they grip the reins. “But I am leaving soon either way. Castiel needn’t worry about me.”
“No more than normal,” Benny says with a shrug, “and it’s either I leave and hope he takes the bait, or he stays long enough to know I’m gone. The longer the man’s here, more likely he’ll spout something.”
The last two weeks have been far from peaceful, and all that Castiel can consider as he looks at the board and everything else is that the attempt to get information from the Hunters in a civil manner had only resulted in more bad blood between the various factions here. Sam had come with Bobby, and while both wanted Dean to come with them. However, each major revelation about the Evaluations only seems to drive home more and more that Dean is not going to work with them as well as before.
Of course, the moment he’s here, that means the others take notice. What were the Men of Letters really planning?
Castiel doesn’t argue, at least, though he looks ready to, and instead nods before heading his own way. Impala but her head against Dean, annoyed, and Dean chuckles before petting their dark horse. “Yeah, serious talk there. Sorry for bothering you with it.”
Charlie nods. “We do. Let me take you to one of our rooms, and an Evaluator will be with you as soon as possible.”
“Dean,” the sound of Allen - Castiel’s - voice brings him back to the present as he goes into the office, feeling more and more like a prisoner over the secretary he’d been just yesterday. “You’re late.”
He’s not even surprised when Allen has him turn over, though the main surprise is that he realizes he’s facing the mirror. Just seeing himself like this is enough to make him blush. He’s never been vain, and it’s been weird to see himself so flush and looking like he does. Dean’s even more surprised to see Allan behind him, suit rumbled and in disarray, coat falling to the floor, as he moves and pushes into Dean. The strange electric feel goes through him again, making his body feel like a live wire with each thrust.
Allan finishes his tea and hums briefly before putting the cup down for Dean to refill it. “If you’d like, you can take the rest of the day off to look into it. I can handle meetings for the day.”
The rest of the ride is silent, Millie getting off on their own as Uriel moves to direct the horses, not even bothering a nod to them as he leaves. Mick, who’s at the entrance, watches the exchange, before glancing back over to Millie, reaching over to touch their shoulder. “What did he say?”
“Emmanuel,” Dean’s voice cuts off the rambling, and he lets go of the side of the towel he was gripping for dear life, standing slowly to look at him in his full, naked self. He’s never seen such wide-eyed panic, causing Dean to feel like an idiot. He shifts and gets the towel back, shaking his head and saying, “I feel fine, sir. Just let me get dressed and I can head into work.”
Dean looks a little surprised by the invitation, smiling and nodding as he says, “Ok. I’ll do that. And…I’ll keep what you said in mind.”
Castiel steps forward and introduces everyone as cordially as he can, noting Sir Adler’s obvious need to keep things civil. Dean Smith, the leader of the group, easily greets everyone with Castiel, though something about his delivery on the pleasantries is rough and a bit uncultured before Sir Adler directs them to the next group. Uriel watches them leave, seeming to take note of the female companion to Dean - Bela Talbot - and the one who lingered behind a bit, Michal Davies, before letting out a sigh. “Well, they seem at least capable, if rude.”
If what Mick said was right, then they were using him to get to Sam. He debates on calling Bobby but doing so right now will only cause a lot of problems for everyone. “Makes sense, but why do this in such a roundabout way?”
“Perhaps, though to look at it as anything less that simply learning and still being your base self is, also, saying it’s not.” Castiel lets out a breath, steeling himself, “I suppose despite the deceit, I found myself looking past that into how you and your sister came to be so important to this community, and thus to myself. Though you did play your parts well enough - it’s obvious to any who considers long enough what the truth is, after seeing the ease with which you go as Millie, and the difficulty you have as Dean.” Castiel stops, looking over at Dean as he stands next to him, listening, his eyes holding in what appears to be some sort of a fiery annoyance. “Am I wrong, that you learned your skills from perhaps Mr. Davies, or even Mr. Lafiette? I’m sure you could have found more suitable men to teach you, but then I’m also sure the scandal was already a bad one that you’re here, dressed as Dean Smith, without a chaperone and as a Hunter. Though I shouldn’t be so cruel, as Naomi is as dangerous as any of us Angels with her.” Dean nods for him to continue, and Castiel lets out a final breath. “Despite it all, and the possible issues, I will have to say that I have come to feel you are near your true self in many things, and that I would like to begin courting you as Millie.”
Their father had said for an Angel to unfurl their wings, one should never look at them, lest they be blinded.  Their mother had claimed the Angel wings were actually a type of magic that anyone could use, but to hold such power was a sin.
Castiel nods and heads up with George, the servant in question, to the nearest guest room. Upon entering the room, he finds Uriel sweating and pale. His hand is wrapped expertly, and a quick check shows that the spirit did try something, attacking Uriel’s Grace, their power. Such a thing meant....
“You took your time returning,” Castiel’s voice is low and sultry in the dark room, getting Dean to smile a bit when he sees him.
Dean Winchester’s day is very laid back, compared to how his days had once been. He wakes up around the same time each day, though that’s more a habit he hasn’t quite broken just yet. He makes coffee, or if a child is up, something simple for them to drink while he comforts them about their nightmare or a bad dream. When Sonny gets up a bit later, he helps with breakfast for the rest of the kids that come in. From there, Dean either goes to work with the post office or goes to check for any other stuff that Sonny or the boys might need, or simply relax.
The week together only seems to work to confirm the Placement is right. Within just a short period of time, they work seamlessly together, fixing whatever issue comes up to them. Even Uriel cannot really work with Castiel so well. But each day, to have such a temptation, it made Castiel wonder if Dean knew what he was doing, who Castiel was, and what Castiel will ask of him near the end of all of this.
The next part always requires him to act, and he hates it with every fiber of his being. He readjusts the bracelet so it’s hidden under his clothing, ensuring he looks like some Serph-fearing member of the Echelon.
Bobby’s name isn’t on the list, which gets Dean to let out a relieved breath. He touches the bracelet, considering what to do next, before making up his mind. He might hate it, but having that backup is better than nothing, and despite it all, Cas has been a good person to him. Even if he knew he was lying, or suspected it, he had allowed Dean so much. The thought of leaving now is almost too hard, but he also knows this could mean he’ll give up on Sam.
“It’s enough of a rumor that it could be true,” Meg told him as he finishes his own refreshments and wipes his hands, “Secondary rumors were that he and Dean Smith had a talk before Fielkett was lent. Possibly because a member of Campbell closed it up.”
She smiles sadly at that. “I may blame him forever for taking you from me. I’m sorry, Castiel. I cannot stop my heart from how it reacts, nor my head for what it thinks.” She slowly stands. “Uriel wanted me to bring you down to the Centre. After that, I think I’ll head out. I can do more work...looking for things.”
“What needed to be said,” Millie mutters, “we’re not worth the time for the Angels. I’m so sorry, Mick.”
Seraphs, not just one. That meant taking a few scenic routes or getting my ass handed to me. I almost got chewed out for getting in late ‘cause of Walt and Roy’s dumb asses.”
Castiel frowns that the wording, then says, “I matched across the Placement board with Dean as my top pick. All points were met, at 95% or over.” The older man looks at Castiel with a hard glare, shifting as Castiel looks back at him before recalling a name. It’s not hard, though his hair is done differently makes things a bit harder to recall. “Robert Singer - the one who did Dean’s second Evaluation. I assume you knew what you were sending him into when he was...gifted...to Alistair? Or did that particular misstep only occur to you after his return?”
he knew. So why pull down the main Recycler right now, and why not get an older motor? Most of the ones used now were post-Catastrophe make, meaning they had to use different sources of power and run differently, to contend with the lack of supply from the older ones.
“No more than some siblings, no less than others. We were always together for many years, and now that we can be apart, freedom is odd in its own ways.” She glances at him as they turn. “Why? Were you hoping for him?”
Castiel considers the runic knife he’d seen, and debates on bringing it up before saying, “There are a few of us who could go over to check on it. I could easily send over our weapon master, Balthazar. He is as good a sigil-maker as I, but far more defense-oriented.” That wasn’t fully the truth, but Castiel didn’t exactly feel the need to go himself at this point.
The memory of the hard knocking, and seeing Castiel and Ward outside of his door, gets him to snort. “Yeah, really good job there.” The cool look that Castiel gives him makes Dean remember what he was willing to offer to make Allen believe he wasn’t Quicksilver, and... just….
Dean sighs. No point in hiding that fact. “Nope, they were very specific. I even told them to run and that you were around outside.” He doesn’t want the details of the attack or how they caught Walt, Roy, or the others. “But why do you also think they might be testing me?”
“Sam’s playing nice with the guys for a way in - he’s a Legacy, so I guess you might be too. Legacy puts you above me in promotions, but they tend to believe in the Cause.” He pauses before adding, “Ketch is a Legacy, so we have to be careful.”
“Keeping a nest out of a community is always important,” Dean says with an enigmatic smile, “as much as maintaining the wards as well. But keeping the community involved as well only means less likely for Dreadfuls taking over.”
It was also another way for him to work as Quicksilver. He’d not yet set that up, but he was on his way to it.
“Hello,” Castiel says, looking at the man, his phone with the photo, and blinking in surprise. His match is here...dressed as a postman. On top of that, he looks very familiar, though dressed much differently and with a far cleaner look to him than the last time Castiel might have seen him.
“He is also Quicksilver.” The silence falls down heavy, and Uriel looks at him with surprise on his face. “He is searching for something – I believe a close family member – who may be embroiled in the Men of Letters. He was approached earlier by Mick Davies.”
Castiel nods, though he doesn’t like it. Winchesters – a family that had disappeared when the Men of Letters had attempted their coup, not realizing they were doing it at the same time as Lucifer. Of course, considering they and Lucifer’s generals had run a string of underground Auctionhouses, it’s likely that was where they got their men and others from.
The tall runner doesn’t bother acknowledging the apparent jab at how difficult things might get, waving as he heads out. “Pleasure doing business with you all. If you need more help, you know where to get in contact.”
“Lady Bevell sent a letter,” Dean announces as they arrive at the breakfast table, picking the dark coffee to drink before they sit with the others, everyone looking to them. “Apparently the Ganems were part of the Men of Letters initiates.”
“You are always my friend and work-partner. You and Uriel are righteousness and anger in your own ways. If you must leave, though, please don’t be upset at me for the choice, and do not blame Dean Winchester for this.”
“He knows that I spoke to you, and that you were a lead to finding Quicksilver. I have not given a report of what happened after he left.” He sees Dean relax a bit more, though he still looks worried about something as Castiel sends him the files he’ll need. “I do need to request a favor of you, while I do make that report.”
“Some were lesser spirits, and they tend to try to ruin things for us no matter the occasion,” Castiel said, glancing around and testing out the area for the presence of infection by said lesser spirits, “No one in your party was injured?”
“We both know him well enough to figure out when he’s doing something wrong, but he still holds some sway over how we Interact with him and others. What was once family changed over the years, but that doesn’t stop old prejudices and feelings from still being just under the surface.”
“I’m sure there are a few in Sandover who can easily do the work well, without anything wrong. Perhaps you should be more open to teaching others, so the burden isn’t so big, or dangerous to you.”
He hears curses from too far behind him to continue at the same pace he’s at, but now is not the time to slow down, not in the agricultural center. If he’s not careful, they’ll catch up with him, which isn’t good. If he’s not
Meg glances at him before saying, “Perhaps the fact that the Dreadfuls attacked after so long caused some issues, though I’m sure Naomi’s failed learning of seals on Fielkett also colored your prejudice.”
“Tell the truth,” Millie mutters into the overstuffed pillows, “and then deal with the consequences. Again.”
Meg smiles at that. It makes sense - though Naomi was a woman, she was not gifted in embroidery, though she was able to deal with things as far as sewing and mending. In Meg’s eyes, if you had the time to learn to embroider while being an Angel, you obviously weren’t that good of an Angel, or had a lot of time on your hands. Of course,
“I like it here, despite the original shortcomings,” Castiel admits, “and if I do, it’s likely they will as well.”
“We think it could be that they’ll contact you soon, as they may have wanted us to attack the Hunters and believed we’d create more panic and issues through it.” Dean looks at him as Castiel continues, “The attack was a success on all fronts from what we can see.”
Naomi’s words echo with Castiel when Uriel returns from dropping Miss Smith off, his mood foul and his wings out. When questioned what had happened, he simply said, “Nothing.”
“Of course,” Allen says, seeming to take that as the truth, though his eyes darted too much around the main room. “I…should leave you to this, then. If you’re feeling unwell, please call out, and I--.”
He’s handsome enough…maybe Allen would want him for a possible turning of the other cheek? It’d explain why Ward left so quickly. It wouldn’t be the first time Dean did this, and Allen was handsome and nice enough. Dean might actually like it.
“I know the best people to call,” Dean tells them both with a smile. He had to play Dean Smith right now, until the heat’s blown over from that last part. That meant he had to be careful, and more than ever, it meant that he had to be cautious with how he dealt with Allen.
“Of course,” Millie tells him, doing their best to shoot or distract the Dreadfuls as Uriel gets further ahead. They hear a loud whining, blinking as they see Uriel unfurl their wings.
given us the house. I plan to send over a strongly-worded letter about it, and other parts of that letter.” They let out a sigh as they hand the letter around to be read. “Beyond that, it’s the normal drivel. Still, we should look through the house again, see if they left any hiding places.”
Dean wished they could say that having the two Angels over for the time they were was peaceful, but in reality, the stress intensified with each passing day. Castiel also didn’t help the quiet either, flirting between handsome and stoic to highly prejudiced and prideful at the wrong turn of phrase or smallest action. Dean hoped it wasn’t something they said or did, but the longer they were around the Angel, even with a few others there, the more likely it was that something
Working for someone like Allan was also fortuitous, now that he had full proof that Sammy was in the First Tier of this Choir. It’ll be hard to break away from two years of work, and if Allan finds him, he’ll be as good as gifted to the Seraph and executed, but finding Sammy was worth the risk.
Dean Winchester himself was a bit of an anomaly. His family always had good Placements, and all were put where they needed to be, but Dean was the failure. He’d failed to get a good Evaluation, and had ended up working as an Enforcer for quite a bit until getting a job to keep his brother, Sam, safe. When that had failed, Dean had been dragged back in by his work, and forced through multiple Evaluations. After the final one, Dean had managed to finish it, walk out, and kept going. Arriving at Sonny’s, a place he’d gone at fourteen for stealing food, Dean had thrown out his old life, and went Savage.
There were few other random conversations between the players before Davis says, “I always found some tend to enjoy things that are easy enough to get. Angels, though, are always very accomplished.”
“It’s likely you are compatible and able to become a Seraph. It would explain some of what you can do now, at least to some of the Seraphs. However, I believe the main thing you can do is notice our presence - your physical feats and abilities are your own.” Dean looks away, feeling strange for getting the compliment. He shifts a bit as there’s a chime, and Castiel motions to start the meeting. Dean moves to his desk as he spots Ward and sees the man give him a knowing smile. He glares back at him as Castiel says, “What is the report?”
Millie chuckles at that as they finish up around the town and head back. They’d figured out a few things, and now they might be luckily enough to have Dean and Benny return earlier than normal. Benny had sent a letter saying he’d shaken Martin, but that hadn’t stopped Millie and the others from worrying, and so daily walks and trips into town gave them more and more chances to meet more people. They’re all lovely, and as much as Millie wants to demand where this was when Dean was around, they know that will only raise more questions.
“You seem annoyed,” Meg Masters says as she walks up to him, smiling as Castiel watches Dean Smith speak to many of the others, though he doesn’t dance with any ladies who seem interested in him. “What could drive you to such upset?”
Smith and his own party don’t follow the non-combatants out, Michal going to the gun-wielding man as Dean himself goes up to Castiel, “You’re lead on the fight?”
Empyrean divided itself by the category of Angels left via Dante and other Christian faiths, with Castiel and the others being near the top. Seraph was within the First Sphere, acting as those who looked into various things and had the same power as many high-up leaders and the like. Uriel was one who, though dangerous in a fight, only gained the title of Powers in the Second Sphere. Balthazar was a Dominion, higher up on that Uriel in the Second Sphere, and Hannah was a Virtue. Naomi, like Castiel, was a Seraph, though her focus was more on giving out the Placements and interpreting messy Evaluations that might come in. Castiel was often called, among others in Empyrean, a cross between a Cherub and Seraph, as he not only contemplated the information given, but also was loyal to what he believed, as any Seraph was. Below them, the Third Sphere, tended to be the ones who interacted with and issued the Evaluations in a variety of ways - Angels for general Evaluations or going out to encourage others to join Empyrean if they were a high enough score. Archangels were Angel’s supervisors, and Principalities worked with Powers and Thrones to get the new Placements set up in the Empyrean group somewhere.
as myself. I am Millie Deanna Campbell-Winchester, eldest of the Lord John Winchester and the Blessed Lady Mary Campbell. You may, of course, call me by the name I chose for myself, Dean Smith.” He straightened, eyes blazing with anger, waiting as Castiel looked at him with shock. “Well, Angel Castiel, protector of Sandover and leader of the Garrison, what did you ask of me? That I allow you to
Bela Talbot huffs before heading away, leaving Castiel to consider what he and Dean had spoken about, but also what Bela Talbot had insinuated about Naomi. He wants to argue it, save for the fact that Bela
“Kids,” Dean tells them after dinner, getting everyone to look at him. “A few of you know...some people are here because of me. They’re over at the Centre, and they’re not gonna leave until either they decide who gets me...or until I go and tell them.”
? How far up does Sammy plan to go with these bastards? How far is he already? Disappearing from radar had not been part of their plan, and he’d had to do a lot to even try to catch up with him, let alone get to this point. Everything he’d had to do - all the people, the money, the work - and for Sammy to be somewhere up in the First Choir? Why is he
Allen nods, glancing at the handprint. “Yes. It’s become reported from others like you – those who have managed to leave Alistair’s hold and gain a normal life – that they sense the descent or powers of Seraphs. However, there is a problem.”
“And who’s fault is that?” Dean glances around the room and does his best to not feel too nervous. “So, you said I was being played. What makes you think that?”
Dean waves the idea away, though they are tempted by it. “I can handle things, Mick. I’ve been through worse. Besides, I can’t just take it out, and neither can you. Not without checking on a few things. We can ask the Angels for another one after we take care of the Dreadfuls nearby.” Mick’s worried look makes Dean almost feel ashamed for the deception. It’s nothing too hurtful, and if they’re lucky, things won’t get too bad anytime soon.
“My sister is competent and able to defend herself,” Dean assures her, “and while she is unmarried, she does tend to attack any she doesn’t know.” Rachel looks almost upset at that, but Dean simply chuckles. “Forgive the answer. One of the new servants went with her, as they were going to be near the girl’s home, and she wished to check on her remaining family.”
Cold Oaks, an illegal Auctionhouse, had been running human trafficking and death-matches, to create a powerful being with the technology Lucifer had attempted to use in his coup. That was where Sam Winchester has disappeared from, and where it was believed that Quicksilver had also gone after various ‘contracts’ were found. Those had pulled the people into a place known as Hell - a place to create suffering, to test out new technology, and to create more of those like the few that remained in Echelon after Lucifer’s exile. The one who ran it, Alistair, had been dealt with. The ones who were captured had to be put down, save a few now living and hiding out to avoid detection. The only one Castiel had managed to keep close was Dean Smith.
It was the Men of Letters, a group of elites bred In Utero who were considered “stolen ladders”, that came up with the first Evaluations and Placement, a series of tests to counter the schism and what they saw as another push back to the “darkness” of Uncivilized behaviors - not Savagery, as the ones who ran and gave up on Civilization as we know it, but to the failed past, the failed experiments that pushed humanity back for having ‘gone ahead too quickly’. Others quickly followed, and though there was some of that Uncivilized push-back, not enough to stop the rollout and have the basic Evaluations and Placements get taken up by everyone, changing the culture all but overnight. Civilized was now not divided so much, and got closer and closer to a brave future.
I used Millie as that's the name of John Winchester's mother, and I'm tired of all girls in the Campbell-Winchester family somehow being named Deanna first. So, Millie it is!
Sam motions to the others, the group turning to leave as Sam glares at Dean one more time before riding off, Mick muttering quietly at his retreating back, “Ride off, you Acteon.”
? And a family that was going to join the Men of Letters? It only seemed to add to Dean’s already-low expectations of the family they’d once held in such esteem. “Considering all that I would have done, and that we were both trained the same way to various extents, I didn’t think he’d be so stupid, or worse, that they’d leave it here in such a state. Grandpa would’ve had my head.” Bela gives them a sympathetic look, while Benny claps them on the shoulder to comfort them.
Uriel glances over at Michal as well, obviously worried about something he’d seen on the other man. Sir Adler and the others didn’t seem to notice the tension, more focused on taking care of the bodies than dealing with any potential hints of danger from the new group.
“Then I suppose you will have to find them out for me, and between us, we might get the truth out.” He glances over to where he sees Bela Talbot sitting by herself, walking over to offer her a bow and ask for the next dance.
with the Men of Letters that could easily determine if their threat is one they need worry about now or later, gets him to look away from Dean and try to control himself. He’d only just had Dean this morning!
“He does.” No point hiding that, though he’s pretty sure anything more will draw down a Seraph on him. “I need to talk to him about stuff.”
“Despite how he is, Balthazar is good for keeping secrets,” Castiel tells Dean as they allow Impala to walk for a bit, “But I see how that might take a bit to fully understand. I will keep that to myself, then. However...I feel your birth name might cause some problems, if not now, then perhaps later.”
Dean huffed, not looking at Castiel, but slowly nods. “I think letters might greatly improve our outlook on who the other is, if you were to try and court me.” Though he can’t see Dean’s face, Castiel hopes there is a smile on it.
Dean swallows, not sure how to answer and not even sure how this would change things. If he did do this, what would that mean? He was ready to do this when it was a hypothetical, but with it staring at him now, figuratively and literally, he can’t be sure if he should push for it.
“I do apologize if I have offended you,” Cas says sincerely, “Your brother mentioned it, and I was curious after hearing him mention that he never viewed you as accomplished by those standards.”
The first part of your life was still determined by your family, their standing, and what was expected or wanted for you, and how that would mold you in life. Beyond that, the schools, jobs, and Placement Centres would work through the child’s life, doing the data analysis, Evaluation, until it was time for the final part, Placement, occurred. It meant what had once been the town center was now the Centre, where all of the official records, work, and Evaluations took place. Of course, other Evaluations could occur depending on the person or the family - some groups had their own Evaluations and Placements, but everyone was built around the original template created, and only shifted to meet the specified demands.
“He was in reserve since he’s not done anything like this, and simply watched us work.” She noticed his worried look. “I don’t want him in a dangerous situation where he might get hurt. Not right now, either way.”
Uriel looks pained as Castiel does his best to remain between him and Crowley. “We will be. Though I will have to ask - if Dean Winchester decides to not to come or take up his Placement, and goes Savage...what then?”
Castiel growls against Dean’s shoulder as he thrusts one final time, the electric sensation making Dean climax as well, shaking as the Seraph thrusts into him a few more before he removes his hand from the mark on him. The moment that happens, Dean falls forward, exhausted from the sensations that still move through him. His mind hadn’t quite caught up with the fact yet that he allowed a Seraph to screw him so thoroughly that he doubts he’ll be able to get out of it without dropping everything of himself.
The winding pathway that Dean takes is testament to what he’d claimed earlier, though the fact that it’s also a bit slow and spotting seems to hint at him hiding the bracelet. Still, it’s obvious that Dean knows where he’s going, and how best to avoid detection were it not for the bracelet.
Uriel leaving was not planned. The sex…was not either. That was not something Castiel believed was to be for interrogation, but the moment he put his hand on the mark he’d left on Dean, when Dean managed to shake himself free and run, only to be found later by him again as Emmanuel Allen, had been…strange. Perhaps that was why? He couldn’t tell, and at this point, the answers were just as important as speaking to Dean on what was going on.
that all of them were thinking. With only Mick here, the one who’d wanted to bring him to Magnus, and that failing had resulted in them losing
said.” Millie tries but fails to keep the disdain out of their voice. When they look up, Cas’ blue eyes are shining brightly as he watches Millie, catching them off guard. Though he’s a bit shorter than Millie and Dean, he doesn’t seem surprised that both are the same height, nor does Cas seem to notice anything else that would signal how similar Millie and Dean look. It’s something Millie is used to in some ways, but Cas’ look is less about who Millie was or who they were related to, but instead more about
“I should apologize for the interruption again,” Dean says as he gets ready to leave, “I came over to pay my respects, and thank you both for protecting my sister in such a time.”
“Uriel was near the old cemetery, and some Dreadfuls appeared to be causing him issues. I helped him out,” Mick mentions as he cleans himself off, “and it was either leave him or bring him here.”
“They know the danger,” he tells him, holding up Donna’s instructions, “but we owe Donna for our rudeness, and I doubt they would cause problems for Jody. Thank you.”
have a point. Naomi knew basics on runes and such, while Castiel was more knowledgeable in such things. Perhaps if he asked her about it - beyond knowing it’s something about transformation and protection, and that their wards caused it to be painful in some way.
"Dean Winchester is not sure what is up with the guy who bought the old house at the end of the rural route."
Dean frowns, looking at him curiously before saying, “Ok. Well, I don’t deliver up here that often, but if you need anything, the Annex sometimes has some stuff, and so does the main post office in town.”
“Depending on what it is, learn to tolerate it, or, if not that, then we’ll have to do what we can to fight it. The Dreadfuls are unpleasant enough, but you learned to defeat them. Why not apply that to other unpleasant things?”
“Accomplishments differ between people. I could say that a person might be accomplished because they are able to do all that a woman is supposed to in order to be an ‘accomplished’ woman, yet that would not work if they weren’t also seeking to continually better themselves and understand things.”
It’s strange he goes from disliking Dean and the others to realizing how useful they are. He also realizes that despite her link to Dean, he does actually care about Millie, enough he begins to slowly work up the courage to write a bit more in the note beyond simply his apology for their callous misuse of protections. If anything, now it’s become more and more a long letter detailing how he would like to court her.
“I could, but that would also get us more trouble than we need at this juncture. I assume your tardiness was noted by your colleagues?” Dean’s still pale, but he glares at him all the same. “I either go and give the report on my own, or the moment you’re seen here, it’s
is. If that means Cas is in his life...he wants that, and he doesn’t want to have to sneak around for it.
“Luckily, they aren’t coming. The Ganems weren’t formally indoctrinated, and considering the failing to keep Fielkett, not to mention their losses, the remaining family has
” The mention gets everyone to mutter, but the buyer doesn’t look too upset over it, waving his hand to silence the people with him.
“He is recovering,” Castiel tells them as he examines the bookshelf. “I do apologize for interrupting whatever you were speaking about. I was hoping to get a good book.”
“I assume doing two things at once is tiring then?” Millie teases him, getting Castiel to cast her a look as they bow. “Forgive the teasing, but you seem far more serious than I...imagined.”
“Then is Mr. Davies not here?” Hannah asks, curious and looking around the room as Dean continues to move.
Sonny nods again, offering Dean a warm smile. “I’ll take you down tomorrow, unless you wanna try today.”
he jumped into!” Balthazar growls as he shakes off the changes, wings stretching up briefly before he becomes his normal self. “Honestly, this is a new suit!”
Allen leans in slowly, kissing Dean lightly. His lips should be dry, but they’re not. Dean’s not sure why, but the kiss is almost electric too, like a loop was completed to some degree. Dean moans a bit at it, and then lets out a sad sigh when the kiss stops, looking back up at Allen curiously as he watches him, heavy lust in his eyes.
“So far so good,” Dean tells him, the two chatting casually as he gets to the Queue. Mick was a Secretary as well, but appeared to be all over the place, not staying with any one Investigator for long. Dean supposed it was due to Arthur Ketch, an Enforcer – the more burly, dangerous versions of Investigators and LEOs – but it might be that he’s just a good guy.
“And...the other one?” The redhead Dean remembers from the Annex, and she smiles at him as he considers.
Crowley gives him a smile. “Of course. Would you expect anything less? Still, the point remains to be seen. If Dean Winchester does do another Evaluation and the Placement is with the Hunters, we’ll take that into consideration. If it places him squarely with the Empyrean group, then there’s little you can do besides complain.” He smirks at Singer. “Be sure to tell Moose that, why don’t you? He’s the one pushing this, isn’t he?”
It was a dismissal if he ever heard it, but Dean’s not about to look a gift horse in the mouth, so he heads out after making sure to check on the Queue, pick up a few odd cases that offered cash rewards and needed someone to investigate it, and then look into the package he’d gotten in exchange for that part and risking his life.
“That is not, but their family beliefs on what is needed for even an accomplished woman. I fear what they would demand for an accomplished man, though Dean never mentioned any standards for it. He did state his sister reached all the requirements.”
Millie watches the wings spread until they have got no choice but to look away, but by then they’ve seen the power released, and know why Mick risks so much to be near one, and why he cares so much for Uriel in particular.
“Um…ok…” he steps aside, with no other options left. Allen glances between the inside of the room, Dean, and Ward’s retreating back before swallowing and walking in, Dean closing the door behind him and doing his best to try to keep his left side out of Allen’s view. “What…were you looking for? Do you mind if I…um…” he motions to the privacy screen, feeling his face flush at his sudden shyness at seeing Allen
“Fine so far. The last case was pretty short and sweet, at least.” he shrugged. He could only say so much about any of the cases they just wrapped up, and the last one had been harrowing but strangely fun. It had also come right at the perfect time for him to take a few days off and do the theft he’d nearly got caught for.
“A motor was a motor. I didn’t realize the type until I got it, and I didn’t realize the scope until you came down after me.” The sigh is one of exhaustion this time. “Getting a new motor might help us out with trading, or even with refurbishing the stuff from before the Catastrophe, but I didn’t mean to down the main Recycler and pull something again.” Dean steps out from behind the privacy screen, most of his suit for the workday on, including a red tie and pale blue shirt. “You said that I was played, but I don’t work for anyone but the Hunters. The hell would want to set up something to take out all the Hunters and seal off those areas in the Walls I know you all went into?”
“Yeah, and we might get stuck in it,” Dean huffs, annoyance finally creeping into their voice, “I’d rather not have a cold right now.”
The effect was enough for Castiel to see that Lord Winchester put two and two together, though he’s obviously upset by the whole thing, and goes to speak when there’s more frantic knocking. Castiel resigns himself to not having any food until noon when he sees Balthazar at the door, though his frantic look is enough to get Castiel to forget the two visitors.
Naomi made a sort of hum that had Millie worried, though it didn’t take long before Naomi declared them “fit” and offered a carriage to head home in. Uriel had already appeared with Samandiriel and Cas in the front room, Cas looking over worriedly at them as Millie offered a smile to him. At least the check was quick.
Dean comes back to help get things set up, letting out a huff as they do. “I’ve been baggage to him his whole life, then he got bamboozled by someone he thought was like that.”
That gets Dean to pale, looking up at Castiel in a panic. “The hell do you have to report? You can just say I’m not Quicksilver.”
He goes down to the main room for some food hours later, seeing the group playing some sort of game with dice. Davies stands quickly when he sees Castiel and asks about Uriel, sounding concerned. The others wait for Castiel to tell them what was going on, Dean’s eyes seeming intense in the small room.
The next day, Castiel learns that Dean needs coffee with milk before he can really function without growling in anger or being upset with things like “questions” or “conversation”. That same day, he spots a few birds nesting in an old tree nearby, getting him to smile as he sees them. Having had Dean rest over, even for the night, and seeing him here for so long only makes him more convinced he needs to get Dean to accept his Placement. Being here with Dean, when they have such a high score, only makes him want to drive him down at the end of the month and get it all official.
“Recruitment,” an older male voice gets them both to look over at the door, the man with his hair slicked back and a trimmed, graying beard looking over at them. “Isn’t always done here. Not with Hunters. That’s in the blood, or in the training.” He looks at them both for a long moment before saying, “So...which one of you is the one that’s coming after Dean?”
He looks at her, seeing her wish for something like a romance from him. “Then I will still fight for him. I love him, Hannah. The concept was not enough. Meeting him here, having him be here with me...I love him as the old stories state love to be, and that makes me believe that he will match with me, on all things, no matter what else happens.” Hannah’s own blue eyes fill with tears at his talk, and he cups her cheek gently. “Hannah...we’ve spoken about this.”
Meg waits until Dean is far enough off before telling Castiel, “That was a bit rude of you, wasn’t it?”
Mick goes off to his own work while Dean stands before the door leading to Allen - Castiel’s - office, his hand shaking as he looks at the doorknob. He’d say that he was being an idiot, but a lot had changed in the past few hours. Hell, the past few
Before Naomi can protest, Cas speaks up. “She has a point, Naomi. One of the Dreadfuls spoke briefly. Lesser spirits, even in good bodies, do not speak. They could be heralds for a greater danger.”
He reaches for Dean’s arm, not realizing it’s the one with his mark, until Dean shifts to pull away, though he’s far too slow to allow it fully. Castiel is surprised by how much he’s shaking, as well as the hurt that appears in his eyes. He shifts a bit before finally leaning forward against the desk again, looking a bit put-out by how Castiel found him.
So sorry for the rushed ending! At this point I needed to head to bed and wanted to get it out. Also I have homework. I promise to update with more smexy times if needed.
not anything else I’d ever heard!” He lets out a long huff and looks over to Castiel, self-loathing shining in his eyes. “I fear I have caused you damage, and have made our standing with the Smith’s poorer than it was before.”
“Nothing concrete, but I believe a Hunter is in our Inn. He came in nearly a week ago, but has been acting quite unhappily. He tends to go on long walks and returns looking quite upset about something.” She huffs in annoyance, “I think he knows the Smith party - he saw Miss Talbot in town and was most agitated by her presence.”
Castiel considers the accusations for a long moment before stating, “You and she were trained by Lord Winchester, his estate, and by the so-called Blessed Campbell family and their allies. Do you believe your sister might actually allow such a thing to happen, or that your arrival here might not be seen as either confirming any report of her being courted, or at least that it was being discussed. However, I have not heard it, and Sandover is a small town.” A small enough town, in fact, that he’d not be surprised if they already had ideas about the true nature of who Dean and Millie actually are.
“I wished to ask who I should speak to, and as you have a younger brother and speak ill of your father, perhaps I should ask him...about this.”
“My sister, how could you?” He glances at the woman, who says something quietly to Dean before he lets her go. “Though I do admit, having to prepare a show and fight would be very interesting indeed. Shall it be at the next ball?”
Castiel glances at Dean, frowning a bit. He didn’t realize how alike Millie and Dean Smith were before recently, though their hair is only slightly different. He thinks even their freckles might be the same. It’s so strange, he doesn’t think he’s ever heard of any twins or siblings who look so much alike. Still, he does have to take what Dean said and mutter, “That is true. I will have to speak to the others about it, then. You do well to show us how many can get information and use it to not only benefit themselves, but also the community.”
“It’s already all over town,” Dean tells him, then motions. “Samandiriel needs you two. I’m not about to ask him to trust me.”
So the call from the guy is a bit of a surprise, and that it’s a call for help….Well, that just means it gives Dean something to focus on during the month. However, he isn’t about to just go down to help the guy. At the same time, he’s not surprised that the guy called him. The guy and his friends are not quite burning bridges, but the Savages here are not exactly happy with how things are going, and the few Placed are not exactly set up to deal with any of the work for everything that was needed, just themselves.
“He will still need the training, no matter what,” Castiel argues quietly as they enter Uriel’s room, “and he knows what he’s doing. He’s old enough to be allowed to learn, and to take the risk.”
Dean snorts. “I can lose your tail if I need to, even if you know who you’re looking for.” The playful smile is at least more like the Dean he knows, and Castiel wonders how much of that was Dean wishing to hide himself, and how much was the real Dean that he doesn’t quite know yet. He briefly wonders how much time is left before the meeting.
Dean sighs, nodding in agreement. “I’m still technically cast out, so no matter what I’m still Dean or Millie Smith. Sir Adler, though he doesn’t fully know the details as you do, knows that I am related to the Campbells by my breaking of the seal, and to the Winchesters through me being a disgraced Hunter and carrying a Fell-killing weapon.” Dean indicates the weapon they’d used before, one spelled to kill all Fell and Dreadful creatures they came across. “As much as I’d love to travel as well, and have taken a great deal of time to do so before my exile began, Fielkett has become my home...my real family’s home.”
“I know. But you can allow Samandiriel a few days, if not years, of quiet. Naomi knows what she’s doing.”
Finding Sonny’s is a lot harder than the notes that Donny Hascum makes it out to be, and he drives up just as he spots someone leaving the barn nearby, the older man frowning when he sees him. “Can I help you? This is Free-land.”
He shouldn’t be surprised that Dean contacted them so soon, but he’s more surprised that there’s another ‘mission’ for him. “Did they say why you need to help him again?”
“Funny,” Uriel muses from where he remains seated, “I could have sworn that such a thing means that he has more of a claim to him than you do.”
“We’re mostly here to ensure you have no designs on Lady Millie Winchester, and to ask that you promise not to have any designs on her. For some reason, she seems to believe you wish to court her.”
The kids all seem to get it, even the ones who want to be Savage and not take the Placements. Dean doesn’t discourage it from them, and he’s not going to prove a point to them, as he said. He’s doing this for himself, and to know, for certain. If the Centre is as neutral as it can get, it will answer the questions. If not, then Dean just gets to at least know he tried, and it’s not him that’s the problem.
Dean’s smile is a bit more genuine at that, reminding Castiel of Millie’s own smiles. “Well, for that, perhaps a dance?” Castiel frowns but nods in agreement before seeing Dean do another walk around the room and doing two dances - one with Miss Talbot, another with someone else that Castiel vaguely recalled as one of those who had lived here before they arrived. Dean finds him shortly after the break, as Castiel spoke to Meg about the work to protect Sandover and the few estates around the area.
On the postal workdays, he gets in early, gathering up parcels, mail, and other things to deliver out and about, traveling from the annex near the edge of town and out to the smaller homes, hidden camps, and old houses at the very edge of the township, between Civilization and Savagelands. He ends the route at a turnabout that leads to what is supposed to be an area to ‘reclaim’ the natural habitats, but really was just a place for people to run off to and hide if they decided civilization wasn’t for them. Next to the turnabout is an old house, a one-story farmhouse that Dean sometimes wants to get and fix up, even taking some time when he’s running early to go in and look around the place, but each time he looks at the sign for who to call, he has to pause. The seller is located in the Centre of town, meaning full-on Civilized, and someone like Dean can’t go there right now.
