He followed the flashing light until he came into the main processing room.  He could see every floor from where he was.  He could also see a gigantic fuzzy zapper suspended with long gnarly barbed tentacles in the middle of the entire structure.
A/N: Welcome back my faithful readers! I am so very, very sorry for the long wait. I have decided to do away with the litany of excuses (bullshit) and just get this show on the road.
Peggy shrugged. “Hardly anything, I’m afraid. Howard has been very tightlipped about the whole thing.” She answered pensively.
Barnes tilted his head to the side. “From what I have gathered he is quite the coffee enthusiast.” He supplied.
Of all of the things his arc reactor was capable of it could not stop his heart from falling to pieces. He doubted he could ever create something that could. He hadn’t felt this utterly helpless since his parents died. There was no puzzle to solve, no mission to accomplish, no villain to fight, no plan to escape and no foe to outsmart. It was just him, his fragmented team, his broken life and his shattered heart.
He’s running the idea over in his mind. At least mutants and aliens are tangible things with faces that he can shove his fist into, unlike a super pathogen or some sort of machinery that he knew absolutely nothing about.
Steve quickly threw his shield at the robot intending to sever its head from its body.  But instead of slicing right through like it would with the other bots it bounced off.  Realizing quickly that he was gonna have to get creative Steve backed off to plot.
To say Steve was a bit surprised by her strength was an understatement. Sure, he’s had fleeting thoughts about the extent of her potential due to his own enhanced state. How much of his own abilities had been passed to her? He had gotten a good taste of it just now. That tug was easily the strength of a fully grown adult. As he watched her golden curls bounce along with her excitement, as she led him to the pony ride, he idly wondered exactly what she was capable of.
“All right here's the plan.”  Steve began.  “I will head in to the facility first and draw out the remaining two.  You two stay out here and take out these three bots by any means necessary all according to Fury’s orders.  I shall alert you should I need assistance.”  They nodded in affirmation.
Tony sighed watching himself. That day was a real turning point for him. Steve had no idea that it was in those next moments Tony had decided to take the plunge and go down with the ship that was there on touching go relationship.
She began to reach her gnarled claw towards him, and Tony realized with a start that he was well within her reach.
A silvery flash appeared and struck down the last goon like nothing. It just past the Rhododendron disappearing the infernal radar gun from his hands all before you can blink.
“And get as much rest as possible.” Steve said as he walked through the sick bay doors where he was met with Physicians and a gurney.
Over the past few months, surprisingly and yet not so surprisingly, Steve became the person Tony started to trust most, at times even more than Pepper and that’s saying something. After the Subway tunnel collapse, they had started to spend copious amounts of time together. Usually Steve would be in Tony’s lab when he was working on upgrades to the suit or just threatening to donate Dumm-E to some sort of educational establishment if he continued to break things. At times they would talk about a random assortment subjects or if Tony was focused on a certain piece of equipment, Steve would just sit nearby and draw. Just being near each other was at times enough.
Back then there was a level of acceptance on Steve’s part because being so sick he couldn’t really physically do anything anyway. Now? He had one of the healthiest and strongest bodies in the world, a bit damaged perhaps, but he could feasibly do anything he desired but couldn’t because he was being restricted by the very people who he was meant to trust the most.
“Here!” Steve grabbed a stack of old newspapers from a pile by the door. “Trust me this will work!” He smiled as he started to ball up the pages and stuff them into the toe of the large waders.
What I plan to do is connect every living soul in the universe together using the souls of the nine realms. I will create tiny threads of energy that cannot be seen or felt that will bind every living creature in the universe together.
“I know how technology works; it would have left traceable physical evidence. And as for a super virus, it may be, however highly unlikely.” Tony construed.
“Okay, Babydoll,” he picked her up and placed her on the saddle. “Let’s not dawdle too much longer.” He poked her side and made her giggle. “We don’t want mommy to start worrying now do we?” He winked as he fished coins out of his pocket and inserted them into the machine.
“I’m s-still in one p-piece,” His voice broke painfully. “I k-kinda expected you …to d-drop a building… on me …or s-something.” He croaked out of breath still desperately trying to breathe.
After taking a moment to gather himself, Bucky continued. “He blames himself for what happened to me. The idiot.”
"Good plan, Cap." Tony said sometime later while the rest of the team aided in the cleanup of what was left of the charred beast.
He stood abruptly, the walls were crumbling away revealing black iridescent crystal underneath. The black haze in his mind grew even heavier. He was alone again except for Ellie.
"Tony, you're standing here with me, now. Do you really think you can get away with not doing what you came here to do because I can't remember what you did?" Steve eyed him admonishingly.
The boy, Dickie, snapped out of his trance. "Oh, yeah. Absolutely. Sorry." He said quickly getting the door for Steve and Ellie.
“How does it feel, Stark?! To have your life’s work your technology proven useless!” Rhododendron called out. His lackeys snickered ruefully.
“I killed him and his wife. I don’t deserve this!” He shouted once more before ripping the device off of the back of his neck.
Steve noticed that the same argument was about to be revived once more. Really!? He had to put a stop to it.
“Ah, quit, the stitches are fine.” He said pushing Tony’s hands away. “Yes, you are right about ‘some’ things.” He put a strong emphasis on some.
She sighed, "I am sorry that each of you had to witness this. It is not an easy thing to bear witness to." She spoke of louder so all could hear her. "But it was in fact very necessary. You needed to bear witness to exactly what I am capable of."
The moment Natasha realized she held Steve’s attention she began to weep.  She face planted into the Captains chest and started to sob uncontrollably.
He walked along the path where the roses lined the fence. He let his fingers gently brush against the delicate petals of the flowers as he walked by. He took note of the different hues displayed by the different bushes. There were yellow, pink, white, and red roses. The red ones were his favorite. He stopped at a red rose bush and lingered for a moment, admiring how the petals started out as a bright crimson red at the base and deepened to a few shades darker at the tips.
I apologize for any and all errors. It’s just little old me over here, and though I try my best I cannot find them all. Please, do not forget to leave me a review at the end and let me know what you think!
She gently slid the tip of her finger down is sharp nose and over his chapped lips. She continued down until she reached the middle of his chest. She braced her palm flat over his heart. She paused there for a moment as if feeling his heartbeat then jerked her hand back suddenly.
Ellie huffed and moved to her seat. Steve did the best he could to give her the better part of the potatoes and had even cut up both pork chops in an attempt to give her the better unburnt meat. Luckily, she didn't seem overly picky. The moment he placed the plate in front of her she tried to dig right in.
“Indeed. How many of those realms have you discovered that I have, let’s say, visited a world?" She asked.
Tony watched as he picked up the cracker again and this time took a bite. He sighed contentedly then continued, “I thought back to the kind of man I used to be before the war and even during. You are definitely right there is so much I must atone for. Doing my best to not let the world crash and burn sounds like a good place to start.” He mused.
Before he could perform evasive maneuvers he was hit by Dr. Dooms attack. His shield thankfully took most of it, but not all of it.
“Yes, I know! Exactly the point I’m making. After all that, it got me thinking that all of this is very invasive and still takes away what little stability and control you finally and painstakingly regained. You’re still so utterly vulnerable that you would instinctively fight tooth and nail to keep that control. So, I’ve come up with a deal for you.” Tony said as he started checking himself out in the monitors.
“I love you.” She whispered into his neck. She tightened her embrace around him as if the act could hold all the pieces of his broken heart together.
"Then why fucking don't you!? Really? It would be a whole lot better than having to listen to your cryptic Bullshit!" He shouted fully aware that he was now literally asking for it.
Steve looked away in shame. Despite knowing her influence over the course of events that had transpired, he also recognized the fact that he had his own responsibility to bear in all of this. He could have reacted better to the various situations given to him, they all could have.
“Gotcha!” Was all the warning Tony got before he was instantly jabbed in the ribs then having something inexplicably wet shoved in his right ear.
Before he could make the final adjustments, Pepper burst through the door. Oh boy, she was not happy. He sighed, he did not want to deal with whatever she came to bitch about. He just wanted to tinker with his stuff and wallow in self misery for a little while was that too much to ask?
Steve obeyed dutifully, opening his legs wide, watching the genius intently. Tony knelt down between his legs and began to run his hands up Steve's thighs, over his firm abdomen and strong pectoral muscles. Then back down over his biceps.
He was falling for Tony Stark.  And that thought alone scared him more profoundly then anything ever has in his entire life.  He shuffled slowly to his bed removing the various protective garments along the way.  He plopped down onto the bed with dismal abandon.  Face planting into his pillow.  He let out a tortured groan that reverberated through his entire being and allowed his thoughts to take over.
"Yes, it is true. You had warned me not to underestimate him, yet that is precisely what I did. The test I laid out for him, though passable, was perfectly designed to use his bullheaded stubbornness and ego against him. It was the one thing I could not overcome when calculating which of you I could get to say yes. Yet, in the end, ultimately, he yielded."
"They, her race, did not have names in the way you are familiar. By a certain age they tended to earn something of a title, a moniker if you will, that alluded to a physical trait or personality quirk." She replied looking off to the horizon.
Tony had used the device to peek in on Steve's dreamscape mind reality. His first several attempts were unsuccessful. Tony figured it wouldn't have been so simple considering Steve's role as Calamity's Keystone. Steve's mind had, in the past, been hidden from the Professor who was the leading most telepath the world. Tony knew it was a long shot. However, after making a few tweaks to the code he was successful.
"The hellish decrepit looking bird creature in the rift. If she is allowed into this world then she will consume all life on Earth, down to the very core of the planet."
Steve only shrugged. He had an odd look about him. The Captain looked him up and down, the tension was tight.
“Nah Uh, you are going to sit. Right. Here.”  Tony countered as he directed Steve to a chair by his work table.
All of the sudden there was a screech of tires on asphalt, horns blaring and a reverberating crash.  He ran to the scene.  It happened not three hundred feet from him.  As he approached the mess of broken vehicles he got a glimpse of something on the rooftop of a building overlooking the road.  He shrugged it off in favor of aiding the people involved in the accident.
“No, I did not. However, I wanted to. You are by far my favorite, love.” She smiled as she caressed his face. “Which is why I will leave you with this warning. Anthony is furious. And a furious Anthony Edward Stark is a very resourceful one. He will find you. He is utterly hell-bent on it. You do not have much time, love. The end is nigh.” She uttered with an air of foreboding.
They made it nearly two miles before they came across a massive wall of zappers. They were near the perimeter. These were the ones that couldn’t get through the Human Torch without being burnt to a crisp. He looked behind him and he can literally see the new wave coming like a cloud. He realized that part of it was a super electric shock wave making the ones present replicate.
There was the sound again. He bounded up to a house and took out the fluff balls crowding the way with his shield. He was sure the sound was coming from this house. He entered stealthily taking out fluff balls as he went. He swiftly located the basement to find the door locked. He took a deep breath before forcing the door open. It’s lock flimsy against the Captain’s strength.
"I'm fine, Babydoll, I just felt faint for a moment. It must be from the worry over your mom and the baby." He said knowing full well that such intense feelings like that were not supposed to happen with his super soldier enhanced body.
“Are you hungry? It’s not much but I have a few things with me.” He began to fish through his pack pulling out granola bars and such.
“No it wasn’t like that, well I first maybe, but as time went on I did think that it would be a great place to raise kids, you know…  Like my kids one day…”  Steve said the last part quietly as he trailed off waiting for Tony to start poking fun at him.
“Okay, Babydoll,” He said placing her on the counter. “Lay it on me.” He said as he began gathering all the ingredients he could find to make pancakes.
As hard as he tried, Tony could not rally his team. Almost each member had their own self-appointed task and had even began to try and out order each other. Tony technically was meant to be in command but he could not conceivably maintain control of his team, fight the Rhododendron and his lackeys in hand-to-hand combat in a failing suit and simultaneously figure out how to negate the strange technology they possessed.
At first Steve could not decide (and from the looks on other people’s faces he’s not the only one) whether or not Clint was trying to prank them. However, having worked with him the last several years he found that Hawkeye was being completely serious right now. It’s just the things he was saying were… Silly?... Ridiculous? Steve was far too exhausted for this.
Hydras programming was heinous and ruthless. Even after studying the Journal there was not much they could do. Natasha had developed a strange obsession with the Journal and the man it pertains to. She had been key in deciphering a lot of it. But without the help of those kids, Barnes might be completely useless and the whole trouble with the prison break an utter waste of time.
On a totally unrelated note who else is utterly shocked as fuck to learn Tom Hiddleston is dating Taylor Swift?
“Then you should hop to it. You should be out there spending time with this person. If this person truly matters to you then you should let them know. If your positions were reversed would you want to know you are loved and cherished before you were forced to leave?”
Tony watched as Barnes stood as the victor holding his chest. The genius felt so fucking lucky the soldier was on his side albeit a tad reluctantly. He swallowed the bile down as he took in the state of the agents, especially Rumlow. God, that was brutal. He suppressed a shiver as he called out.
Tony gritted his teeth in frustration. His mind already was trying to descend into misery and Barnes’s constant questions were very distracting and irksome. But, he bit back his scathing response and answered him anyway.
Bucky leapt to the man and snagged a cinch wire he spotted and whirled around on the fifth agent, wrapping the wire around his neck as he simultaneously used him as a shield against Rumlow.
"I bet." Steve couldn't help but to ask about the device and Tony's left hand, also. "And that?" He pointed to the tiny television-like thing.
“It is my intention to help in any way possible. The world needs us most of all right now.” Xavier said lightly, however with a very heavy meaning.
This case is making every one edgy. The lack of information is driving everyone mad. They need this. Something solid, something they can be sure of. Not knowing anything is a horrifying feeling.
“I don’t think so.” Said Bruce. “If she wanted to slow us down there would have been easier ways for her to do it.”
Tony took his hand instantly and hauled Steve up to his feet. "You all right there, buddy? You look like you're about to kill over."
“Oh, what the hell?”  Tony grabbed his glass and took a tentative sip.  It was followed by an even larger gulp.  Steve had to quickly grab his glass back before Tony drank it all.
“Do you promise to be good and stay in bed so I don’t have to restrain you?” Tony asked exasperated.
Steve was nearly behind the guy now.  The man was too busy gloating, he did not realize the Captains presence.  Before the deranged man could continue his tirade, Steve swiftly came up behind the guy and rammed a shield into the back of his head.  He was out with a light.  He dropped limply to the grated floor of the rafters.
Surprisingly, Steve found himself talking about Bucky and how he loved Steve’s pies and anything he cooked really.
“Steve already made that decision for you.” Bucky sighed, wiping his own face free of the tears. “If it’s any consolation, he’d be satisfied knowing it was you who pulled the trigger.”
“Ah, never mind, just a little side job, anyway I am so happy that I haven’t missed the main event!” She gushed happily.
She leaned up and kissed him once more before leaving the kitchen. Steve smiled to himself as he listened to Peggy say her goodbyes to Ellie. He gently scrubbed at the ceramic dishware, thinking how incredible his life had become. It's like his wildest dreams had come true.
He was dressed so oddly. He had on a dark gray T-shirt and black slacks in which the Captain could not identify the material, and were those sneakers? The shoes were like nothing he had ever seen before.
He pressed her close to his body, smiling deeply when she began to nuzzle his neck. He laughed as he gently set her down. She was wearing a baby blue sundress that made her golden curls stand out beautifully. She straightened out her dress and began to talk animatedly about what she was up to.
“Okay, repeat that one more time, please! I don’t think I heard you right. I mean, you’re doing great up there and-and I can hear you but I just want to make sure I was hearing you right!” Peter spoke up with his hand in the air.
“You want to read my mind? Then read it! All of it!” He grabbed her face and made her look him in the eye. He pushed everything to the forefront of his mind where she could see it. He forced it passed that barrier that Calamity’s touch created.
Tony sighed miserably, finally lifting his head from his knees. He looked up at the florescent lights on the ceiling, letting his head go back and thump against the wall painfully. He stared at the lights for some time, as if the white light could somehow bleach away his agony or at the very least enlighten him as to what exactly he was supposed to do with himself when this was all over. He took a deep breath and began to listen to the awful rhythm of Steve's heart monitor again.
"Oh well." He supposed that he was going to have to go check on Ellie before he went to bed himself. Peggy should be back soon.
“Well,” Steve began, grabbing a deep midnight shade pencil. “For a gold, which is metallic, you want to bring out its shadows and make them bolder. Light catches on metals differently than other materials.” He began explaining. He showed her the way the light bounced off of his gold wedding band. “May I?” He gestured to her drawing, asking permission to alter her work.
"Salutations my beautiful Midgardians!" Calamity exclaimed joyously as she floated down with serenity. "I thought you would lament to leave that in the pseudo realm." She nodded at the shield.
"Yeah, well you don't exactly have a choice either." Black Widow piped up suddenly. "Looks like it's growing."
He also heard a delicate bird song overhead and began to watch the birds flit about merrily. They suddenly sprang into the sky with mirth and elation. There were many birds gliding and diving all the while singing their little hearts out. They flew, Steve noted, like they enjoyed it.
In order to close the hole, he would ideally need to go back to the tower and create five new spatial disorders. No, not disorders, resonators. With the sole purpose of closing the hole and stabilizing everything back to relative spatial wavelengths.
Tony used his watch armor to stun the first occupant he had visual on. Bucky simultaneously and swiftly slid low against the floor and quickly took out the second occupant by sweeping his legs out from under him then twisting around painfully to punch the guy in the face knocking him out.
“Okay fine. I’ll meet you at the bay doors in a half an hour.”  He stated as he was walking out the door.
"Here you go, sir, just sign here and you're all set." Anna said handing him a clipboard and a fancy paper bag with a parcel inside.
“He was my brother. He may not have been blood but there was a good chunk of time where he was my entire world, my only family.” Steve’s smile was bittersweet.
“Okay, people! The meeting room will now come to order. Please, everyone be seated.” Fury announced while half glaring at everyone with his one eye.
Answers first, then he’d wallow in self misery till the end of the world. God, that sounded horrible. Clint and Pepper were right, he needed to pull himself together.
"Why?" She mused. "Why anything? Why does why exist? Why does existence exist in of itself to ask why it exists?" She pondered.
A/N: I'm back! Sorry this is gonna be a short one but a good place to end it. Two more chapters to go I hope you all are ready.
“Tell us,” Xavier started, “If you are going to be so forthcoming why are you doing what you’re doing?”
He pulled Peggy close to him relaxing immensely as he absorbed her warmth and comfort. He adjusted her slightly so he could wrap his arms around her wide middle. He concentrated on the fluttering movements of his baby for a moment.
“Where is Dr. Banner right now?” Tony said while initiating the start up program for his ‘space phone’ as the Captain called it.
Steve had a pretty good idea what the main event was that she was referring to. And if it was going to be anything like the last encounter, pain was a guarantee.
"So, your plan stops here?" He asked apprehensively. He was actually a little torn from that knowledge.
Tony called ahead to make arrangements of sorts.  They went into the back door and were lead to a secluded booth.  There were very little people in the restaurant which was fine.  Tony stepped out of the suit and had it slide into the booth before he did.  Steve was really digging the restaurant.
“Calamity? If you can hear me, please, come to me. I need your help!” He shouted out loud berating his foolishness every step of the way.
“My dear Anthony, no matter how much you wish it, your foul looks cannot kill me.”  She sighed exasperatedly.
Seriously!? Steve was meant to be restrained so he wouldn’t aggravate his wounds. Their specialists said that his injuries might not be healing right, so they were taking precautions.
“I did not stop them in time, the pale one activated a silent alert and the short one will come to in a few minutes.” He replied in a huff, struggling to regain balance against the wall.
Just when Steve was going to give up and write off the poor little Becka as a lost cause, his last life giving breath into her spurred a fantastic coughing fit. She spittled a whole number of things into his mouth but he didn’t care. She was alive and that was all that mattered.
“Now, you’re gonna listen good.  I need you to read this book to me and tell me what I need to know.”  Commanded the rotund one.
"I didn't realize, oh God!" He pressed his hand to his mouth in mortification. "But you didn't say…"
He launched off the precipice and plunged into the fray, ushering in the Calvary. Like a call to arms his command signaled the previously comatose X-Men and Avengers alike to join the battle. Heroes swarmed the battlefield, three Quin Jets and an X-Jet flew overhead unleashing a barrage of attacks and deploying fighters.
“Look at what the cat drug in.” He drawled as he aimed his arrow at the final remaining birdie bot, his eyes never left Tony’s visage. “What do you want?” He demanded as he released the arrow hitting the birdie bot dead on, eyes still focused on Tony. Absolutely remarkable.
All that pain, physical and nonphysical, started to recede and become numb. That was until the pain in Steve’s abdomen reared its ugly head again making him cry out suddenly, causing a massive coughing fit. The pressure receded for a moment before becoming more forceful. Steve saw Bucky’s hands on his abdomen where he was bleeding out. At first he thought Bucky meant to finish the job before realizing his palms were flat against his chest applying pressure to stave off the bleeding.
“How can I if it means she gets to keep you!? You don’t know exactly what she means by that! She may make you her slave! Or worse!”
“What all that means is that it will be insanely painful. I’m not joking in the least. Are you ready?”
"Right you are!" Tony replied with a grin. "So, dinner, I feel like Italian tonight." Tony spoke of arbitrarily.
Without warning, Tony broke the kiss and leaned back. They both stood breathing hard for a moment before Tony spoke up, panting.
The moment the Captain felt the man's touch he flinched and backed away slowly. "Uh, yeah," Steve said in a rush, swallowing thickly. "I'm fine! I just, uh," He scrambled for something to say. "I just remembered something important. Uh, I gotta go." He said pointing behind him in the direction of his house.
And so Steve fell into a restless sleep thinking about all of the ‘if onlys’ and ‘what ifs.’ If only he were faster. If only he had been stronger. What if he had realized sooner the danger had not passed? What if he was the man Bucky needed him to be? What if Bucky had lived?
Just when Fury was about to ask what was happening his own concealed devise, a tablet, started to emit its own alarm. The Professor was deeply pensive trying to concentrate on the probable cause of this new chaos. Everyone else was waiting with baited breath. Waiting for an explanation.
“OK, I believe that is a wonderful idea. I think we will definitely feel better after a nice hot meal.”  Steve smiled at Tony appraisingly.
All of the sudden Tony heard scuffling and groaning. When his body was moved to face the Rhododendron and his goons he saw that one had been taken out. When his body stopped moving he realized the source. Clint was out of hiding and using his bow to launch rocks and rubble at the group. He had successfully knocked out one of them while they were distracted watching their new toy.
“You are stupid and insane. I don’t even know why you are so hell-bent on jumping through so many God damn hoops for me. I sure as hell am not worth it.” He uttered despondently.
When he first had woken up in this time he didn’t really get a chance to fully understand where he was before Peggy pulled him into the house and explain what was happening to him. He took his time to really appreciate what he had for a time before loading his Princess up into the car and driving off.
“What are you doing here, Calamity?”  Steve asked roughly, his thoughts and hormones in such disarray.
He could not help but think that things would be significantly different if he weren’t the Keystone. Hell, a lot would be different if Calamity hadn’t shown up at all.
“Dumbass, are you always this jumpy? You did say the offer was still open, didn’t you?” Barnes smirked at Tony.
Sure enough, he had succeeded. Steve stared down at his drawing of the man with shock, awe and… Reverence?
“Excuse my language, please, but it was necessary. Don’t you see what is happening? This is starting to be just like what happened with Loki.” He paused as he gave them all reprimanding looks.
“Come on, Jar. ETA on system reentry?” Tony demanded as he began pushing buttons on the panel again.
The device is partially powered by and directly connected to the Tesseract that is located on Asgard. Tony figured out how to sync Earthen technology with the grand ancient technology of the gods.
Fury was still unconscious and Bruce was cradling his head in his hands speaking softly to Natasha what sounded like a slew of apologies. She kept reassuring him that it wasn’t his fault. Clint was the only one remotely lively, pacing back and forth near the window of the common room they were currently occupying.
Yet despite all the strength in his enhanced body, all his sharp reflexes and superior instincts; he let Bucky, his entire world, slip right through his fingers. He let his brother die.
Tony logged it into his search algorithm the more dots the better the connection. He had Jarvis searching through all of the patient archives for anything connecting them to the siblings. While Jarvis was digging Fury had Maria, Tony, Steve, Clint, Natasha and the Professor reconvene in the Super Duper meeting room. Hank, Bruce and Coulson stayed with the victims.
The man paused, looks down at the device in his hand, then looked back up in incredulous astonishment.
Steve sighed as he walked into the studio and took in his, Peggy's and Ellie's recent works. Rocky's girlfriend is indeed the most magnificent and radiant pony in all the lands. Steve smiled. Next to Ellie's work was Peggy's watercolor paintings, she had just finished a royal purple bearded iris. Her technique was exquisite.
His friends? Suddenly, he felt something crack and then there they were, crystal clear in his mind. Nat, Clint, Bruce, Thor, Maria and Fury too. And of course, Tony. He remembered them all!
Tony didn’t even take the time to change out of his fancy suit before he issued his do not disturb protocol and began a project that had been nagging at the back of his brain for some time now. He could sense Dumm-E behind him retrieving the toolkits. He rolled his eyes before starting to draw up schematics for his experiment.
The Captain inwardly cringed. Harker was the guy that had control of the Winter Soldier. If Von Doom was looking for Harker’s base here in San Jose, then there was a good chance that the Winter Soldier was also here in San Jose.
"But she said something that got me thinking that maybe Steve and the others are not all that in control of what their dreamscapes are." He alluded.
“I had figured that she might have been concealing herself in some way.  A thought had occurred to me when Xavier was explaining that as soon as she used her powers, he felt the force of her intrusion and that the victims and the alien itself was beyond even his own mental capabilities.  I thought that maybe that is why it was so difficult to find her before, that not only could she conceal herself from our abilities but from our technology as well.  Using what the Professor told me about her energy and her force we started developing a desynthesization program.  Although according to the simulations we were far from using it successfully on the victims.  But I thought of, instead, using the program to desynthesize her energy from the footages and eventually the program worked and when the rendering was done her face started popping up everywhere.  And then I called everyone here. The end.”  Tony finished with unconcealed attitude.
I could understand if her death meant someone else could survive. But this murder I could not understand.
Steve may have been good at fooling other people there was no fooling James Buchanan Barnes. Bucky can see it clear as day in his pale blue eyes. Steve was scared.
Just as he was about to give up and leave, the door opened abruptly.  Tony stood there with an air of impatience that served to put a deep scowl on the Captain’s face that morphed into a full on glare when Tony rolled his eyes.
“I wanted to see if you were all right.”  He replied almost sadly.  “So much is happening all at once and I fear isolating yourself like this is not in your best interests.”
The tension in the air was acrid. Thor shifted on his feet uncomfortably. Steve and Fury stared each other down before the Captain finally broke the silence.
“I can’t Tony, there is something very fishy going on. I know Calamity is pulling the strings on this but there is something about that soldier. I have to figure it out.”
“Oh my gosh, Tony, this is delicious.”  Delighted in surprised at the wonderful flavor Steve began to suck on the straw more vigorously.
He wrenched his right arm out of Iron Man’s grasp painfully, intending to twist around and bash his elbow into a weak joint in the armor. Tony saw it coming, however, and grabbed Steve’s wrist and pulled out and twisted brutally, successfully dislocating the Captain’s arm and breaking his wrist while crushing his hand. Steve wailed in perdition. He could feel the force of it tear minutely at his vocal cords.
They stood in companionable silence for a time watching the last of the light fade away.  Both of them very well aware that there won’t be too many of these moments left for either of them.
Steve closed the bathroom door behind himself and set down his clean clothes on the countertop. He opened the curtain to the shower and turned on the stream. He stood back for a moment and took in his surroundings. The bathroom was beautiful, the toilet, sink and tub were genuine porcelain and the fixtures were a lovely brass. There was a large mirror over the medicine cabinets over the sink. There was an elegant shelf that held an assortment of fluffy towels and wash cloths. He ran his fingers over the fabric of the towels and was delighted to find that they were incredibly soft.
They screamed daddy daddy over again until they both ended up tackling him to the ground.  And he just laughed heartedly while the mom watched laughing at the doorway.  They then got excited again and said that they made a new friend and gestured to me.  I shook his hand and he said that I was welcome there any time.  It was definitely the best summer I ever had.”  Tony stopped for a moment smiling wistfully at the memory.
He downed the last of it in one go, remiss to waste it but entirely aware that he was immune to its stimulating effects and that it's only positive benefit, it's comforting warmth, was entirely absent.
Finally, I got it to look halfway decent. Although I feel like I should warn you that it does get quite monologuey, but here it is! Don't forget to leave me a review at the end and let me know what you think.
Agent Hill and Coulson cocked their guns. An agent flew into the room out of breath with a pained expression. Fury looked at the agent exasperated already knowing what had happen. So he started to fill in the rest of the class.
The X-Men had gotten hit the hardest. Of all of Xavier’s crew there were only four remaining.  Charles, Hank, Scott and Ororo were the only ones left.  And with gut wrenching horror and a wretchedly jagged pill to swallow they had discovered that Calamity had claimed the entire school, every single member, just before her arrival to the Avengers Compound.  Their own misery was rolling off of them in waves.
He sighed into her hair and brought his arms up around her body and hugged her back. “I love you too, Nat.” He murmured faintly.
He began to meander through out the halls, mostly lost in thought. He wondered where his relationship with Tony would be right now if he hadn’t been chosen as the keystone, if he didn’t have but days left to live. Would they… Could they really have been together?
“Jarvis initiate the ‘tough nut’ protocol and the lockdown protocol.”  Tony shouted. “We need to protect the compound.”
“Kevin, it doesn’t matter. They will protect you from the zappers. Right now this is the only way to get you kids out of here as safe as I possibly can.” Steve replied holding the child’s shoulders and looking him in the eye.
“What are you doing here?” ‘Yes!’ He thought as he managed to ask clearly without muttering or stuttering.
"God, this just keeps getting better and better. You drew this house for me before." He said gesturing to the house and property around them. "You told me this was the perfect place to raise a family. Let me guess, let me guess: 1955, dream house, ring on your finger," He pointed at Steve's left-hand. "You married Peggy Carter."
Soon enough Steve's attention turned to his latest work. That red and gold flying armor. He idly wondered about the man that flew something so… Ostentatious. What kind of man had the gonads to create and fly something like that?
Tony cursed himself madly at his utter lack of self-control. His biggest vulnerability was proudly on display. He can see the soldier taking in the mess of scar tissue radiating out from the reactor socket wall. Tony had become all too aware that Barnes could kill him now, quickly, efficiently and easily and no one or nothing could hope to stop him. This only served to further cement the decision Tony made regarding the soldier. Tony watched as Barnes began to shrink in on himself further. He had absolutely no intention of harming Tony and our genius knew this, could see it in the Soldiers eyes. Tony knew he could kill, however, easily.
“I’ve been waiting for this!” Brock exclaimed in a heated rush. Bucky only stared. “You made me look like a fool when we infiltrated that fucking church and you weren’t where you were supposed to be!” Rumlow growled.
“Okay, I’m going to attach this to the back of your neck now.” Tony slowly approached the soldier. Bucky made a few more adjustments to the cameras as Tony slowly moved the soldiers dark hair out of the way to expose his neck. “It may be a little cold.” He said and gently stuck the device on his neck. “Okay, step one done. How do you feel?”
No! Bucky wouldn’t! Unless he was made to forget again… No! He could see it; he was becoming himself again.
Steve looked Bucky in the eye, silently communicating with him attempting to convey his most broken and desolate thoughts. It felt like they were standing in that deserted street for hours when it was only mere seconds.
Then, Tony got a glimpse of it, Steve’s wrist seemed to be pulsating with dark energy. Now that was foreboding…
The Rhododendron only continued to laugh, "Removing the power source will destabilize the gravitational field and expand to cataclysmic proportions!" He surmised as he swiftly brought the rock down on the arc reactor, destroying it.
Steve looked to Thor then to Tony for and explanation. Both gave him worrying glances. Thor leaned in and whispered to the Captain that he would fill him in later. He abruptly sat back straight as a pin when the doctor glanced his way.
Tony bit his lip not in concentration but in primal fear. The code was near completion, but he could feel it, he wasn't going to make it. He felt his heart drop to the pit of his stomach as his team continued to cry out in pain and urgency.
Steve and Ellie disembarked and began walking in the direction to Francesca's. Steve spotted the store in no time and began to quicken his stride in that direction. Because of his brisk pace, the sudden and unexpected yank on his hand almost made him hit the floor. He had managed to catch himself before he face planted just in the nick of time.
Now that he was alone with his thoughts, he noticed something odd. He was surrounded by the sounds of heart monitors and one in particular, he had realized with remorse, was slowing down ever so slightly.
“Where is Tony?  And Natasha and Clint and Johnny and everyone?  Did they make it?  Is everyone okay?”
Eventually various teams began to return from their missions and the news of Fury’s death was utterly morale busting.  Of course they weren’t allowed to know the truth yet, just in case there were double agents at work.  Xavier remained vigil at keeping a look out just in case.
“You should ask Clint what it was like.” Tony cringed. “To have that kind of control taken from him, his free will stripped away? You can’t even imagine what it’s like to be responsible for killing your friends and comrades. Clint and Barnes are not like you and me, Tony. We had the choice. They didn’t. Go talk to him.”
“You call that sloppy!?” Tony demanded astonished, looking at the men take in out with such efficiency he barely had time to blink.
It wasn't even because the government had him by the balls due to his numerous recent transgressions. You know, the prison break and the infiltrating secure restricted facilities, thing. Those actions were necessary.
Bucky suddenly sucked in a jagged breath. He began tearing up a little. “It’s receding.” He whispered.
“Hey, this is no time to panic.  We are the ones responsible for dealing with this issue.”  Director Fury shouted out in an authoritative manner.  It seemed to do little good.
As they crossed over the threshold Tony initiated a startup program. “Jarvis! Start her up!” He turned to Steve abruptly, “Okay! Stay right there.”
He was so god damned out of it he barely registered someone up in the rafters.  He was talking.  Steve assumed he was addressing the group.  He had to get closer.  He kept to the shadows holding his breath determined not to make a sound.  He managed to make his way up the rafters.  The closer he got the more he could hear this strange man speak.
For the next two hours Johnny, Steve, the kids, and their parents spent some quality time together.  Steve dug out some blank canvases and let the children have at it.  It was fun and messy.
Steve nodded then a sly thought came to him and he rolled his eyes to himself. He could not pass up the opportunity.
The extreme severity of the situation was starting to call for dangerous measures. Then this miraculous young man stepped up and took control simply and completely.  Truly with this man they could overcome…
Well now at least they knew where they were all coming from. The problem was they could not get there. The little bastards were as thick as a cloud in that area. Definitely way too thick to get there.
Another hand joined Ellie's on his wrist. He looked up suddenly to see Peggy standing next to him smiling, cradling a squirming bundle.
He hoped some quick wit would hide how much he just wants to crawl into a hole right now and never come back out. He had no idea what Tony was thinking.
He held up the arm and indeed, it looked something like a metal human skeleton arm with copious wires, micro-hydraulics and what looks like an arc reactor core embedded within what would be the humerus bone.
“No one can save you!  The troops will be infiltrating the city shortly.  Aren’t they in for a surprise?”  He grinned slyly.
Tony eyed him queerly, the soldier now holding the genius’s full attention. He began moving the wand about again, this time watching Barnes closely. The soldier pressed his mouth together tightly and was staring at his right hand in utter determination.
I found out very quickly that ripping their souls out of their bodies caused the most pain. After that, I ripped out all the souls from the entire tribe. When that did not soothe my pain, I ripped the souls out of every single living creature on the entire planet. And when that could not satisfy me I tore the essence of life itself out of the planet.
Don’t forget to leave me a review at the end of the chapter and let me know what you think. So, without any further ado, on with the show!
“Not for this procedure.” She answered. “I’m not going to let you two get distracted anymore.” She said with conviction. “I don’t care what you two do to each other any other time but during medical procedures you two are going to stay focused. One little mistake could be costly.” She looked from one to the other as she thoroughly scolded them.
“Did she specify who she took?”  It was Scott Summers who asked this time.  He had just entered the room.
Steve chuckled, "How is it you went from trying to solve the universes biggest questions to harvesting souls? What does it all have to do with Yggdrasil?" He wondered.
“If that,” he pointed at the hologram. “Is all there was to it, I would have completed it weeks ago. If the encryption wasn’t the most gnarly thing I’ve ever encountered, I would have completed it weeks ago.” He shouted in frustration. “All of this,” he gestured wide. “Is still an approximate rendering. Whatever is in that Crystal, is petabytes of data. As in several dozen, maybe even hundreds of petabytes.” The genius stressed imploring, hoping everyone understood the magnitude of his near impossible task.
Tony turned and glared at him just as Natasha elbowed him in the ribs. Tony snorted derisively at Clint’s exclamation of pain. He turned back to the soldier.
Iron Man sighed and turned the final device over in his hand for one last inspection before quickly making his way to the infirmary.
"Uh, y-yeah, yes it is." Steve replied hoping it actually was. "I'm actually looking for a whetstone for the mower blades."
Though many hid it well, everyone was appalled by the contents of the story. Some retained stoic faces yet others could not hide their revolted reactions to the life story of Gloria and Jimmy. Clint being one,
Tony regarded him with awe. To be perfectly honest, Tony was not expecting a complement. “Thanks, I think.” He smiled.
He wasn’t going to anyway. He knew how Bucky needed this, he’d be damned if he took that away from him. So he nodded and let his friend get work. Wanda had backed off a bit giving them space and went to sit with her brother who was still blissfully asleep.
Tony had come to the realization that the fucker probably has some sort of operational spatial distortion on his person, essentially a force field. Enough to avoid any and every attack aimed at him. Likely a clear straight punch in his face standing still wouldn't work. Probably the only thing that could work were heavy explosives. Unfortunately, Tony couldn't risk something of that magnitude in such a confined space.
“What if we pulled more people in? It would be cruel but I’d want to know and I’d want the chance to fight.” He replied firmly.
A/N: Welcome back everyone! I am so glad that all of you have come back to read this next chapter. I love you all!
“I’m going to go check on Agent Hill. She is currently gathering the case reports.” He nodded at the Professor as he strides out of the room leaving the Professor alone with his thoughts… and the thoughts of nearby agents.
“No, no the simulations are still…  They’re…  Just shut up and follow me.  Everything will be explained when we get there.”  Tony replied with shoddily veiled anxiety.
"It does indeed sound like a wonderful fantasy. And one I thought was truly impossible until I found out it was not."
“I’ll do what I can to take care of this, Stark. You just stirred up one hell of a hornet’s nest.” He sighed. “Barton, get us back to the tower ASAP. This soldier needs medical attention.” Fury commanded.
“Ow. Ow. Ow. Stop!” He grabbed her hands so she couldn’t hit him anymore. “You’re the one who distracted me.”
He knew exactly how he would like to spend it. This wasn’t a fairytale with a happy ending or some cheesy romantic comedy. He knew realistically what he could or couldn’t have. A romantic relationship with Tony was just not in the cards. Just like a quiet life with Peggy wasn’t either.
"The bus stop? I thought you might have spotted me, at the time I believed it to be impossible but here we are."
“Say it. Say why you can’t ask him yourself. I’d really like to know.” He provoked, his tone deadly sharp.
As Steve walked briskly to Tony’s lab he kept thinking about the comatose bodies of people popping up all over the east coast. He had just finished watching the most recent news reports on the subject and the latest information was disconcerting. He had been keeping track of those various news reports that talk about these particular cases. The number of cases had increased by the dozens in such a short amount of time. It had been about two and a half weeks since the first case sprang up and already fifty two more cases had been reported. The media is starting to talk about a possible epidemic. Each case that pops up makes Steve more and more nervous.
He winced in agony as his stitches protested his movements vehemently. When he was able to focus again Iron Man was trying to stabilize himself.
It took everything Steve had not to start laughing like a lunatic. Never in a thousand years would he thought he would ever have his brother back. Now all he had to do was figure out how to keep him alive.
Tony sighed and ran his hands through his hair as he tried to calm his nerves. He desperately tried as hard as he could not to think of Steve but it was so hard. Memories of Steve permeated his thoughts everywhere he went. It was a near impossible task but if he allowed his thoughts to linger too long on the Captain his heart sputtered in agony and his mind shut down. And right now, his mind was the only real weapon they had.
The Captain took a moment to take in the man's visage, recognizing the same messy dark hair and stylized beard. He noted that he wore those odd sunglasses and was also startled to perceive a faint glowing blue object in the middle of the man's chest. What was that?
He created a containment field of lightning giving Steve the opportunity to head for Harker. Before Steve could even get close to the nauseating man, he was stopped by the woman. They faced each other unmoving.
Tony hoped that the bots that the Rhododendron created didn't have the same safeguards. It didn't matter too much regardless, the way to negate each problem he encountered had been percolating in the back of his head for months. All he really needed now was time.
When Tony finally managed to goad Steve into verbal battles, that bastard had a hidden talent for poetic insults. He was so sophisticated about it he never had to use a curse word one. Tony still felt some of those barbs. Now, the genius found, however, how Steve ended up being like that. It was no wonder considering he had to spend most of his life with a creature like Barnes.
“After what happened your friends decided unanimously that it was in your best interest to keep it from you because if you knew you could die.”
All of a sudden, an incredible force descended down upon him and he instantly froze, completely unable to move, unable to breathe and thus completely unable to press the last key.
He shook his head. He remembered Tony. The mystery man he had been trying to figure out this last week. He remembered his sudden appearance in the barn last night and how all his notes, drawings and paintings had disappeared.
He wouldn’t be able to use weapons but at least he wouldn’t have to sit there in a dead suit. Iron Man stood up shakingly.
He had warred against himself on deciding whether or not to get up that morning.  As he slowly peeled himself out of bed he had decided that he would carry on throughout the day as normal as possible.  At the very least for duty sake if nothing else.  He took a shower and put on fresh clothes.  He looked at himself in the mirror trying to concentrate to suppress his thoughts.  He put his game face on and walked out the door to head to the nearest common room.
Steve barely heard her as he watched Ellie salivate over the ice cream. He smirked as she looked up at him with a pleading expression, begging to dig in.
"Steve and little Eleanor, it's good to see you again!" She jovially greeted them, giving them a hug each in turn.
When the genius finally made it to his room and walked in, he stared at his perfectly made bed. He really did know how important sleep was. But he also knew the moment he laid down and closed his eyes Steve would be there. It did not matter in what form the Captain presented himself, good or bad, the guilt and pain would be there all the same.
Steve watched amusedly at the antics of his team. He was happy they were all right. But if Clint manages to get into it with Thor, well, he’ll just have to ask Clint later what kind of flowers he’d like at his funeral.
As they spoke there was still a part of Steve’s consciousness that was hyper aware of Tony’s absence.  But he still listened as intently as possible.
"No." Steve huffed petulantly. Peggy only laughed at him. "Sorry if I woke you. I tried to be quiet." He said sheepishly, realizing the time.
His amusement morphed to shock. It was a memory! Chills ran up and down his spine. The more he tried to cling to the memory of burnt gray eggs and an excruciatingly familiar face, the more it wrenched away.
Director Nick Fury looked at his team. Really looked at them. If this was truly the end, he couldn’t think of a finer bunch of people you would rather share the end with.
Over the next few days Steve meandered throughout the top two floors of the tower looking for anything he could use to make his escape. He had decided eventually that it really was the best thing his friends could have come up with in regards of containing him. He was high up enough that simply jumping out of a window would either be lethal or immensely painful and crippling. Also being so high up meant even if he could trick his way past his team he’d have to find his way through security on over a hundred different floors.
Steve stood with all of the children still latched on to him to greet the parents.  The children were delighted.  He held out his hand best he could before they all had bypassed his hand and tearfully joined their children in hugging Captain America.
Steve smiled sadly at her. "Don't worry, Babydoll." He said as he handed her the last plate to dry. "It happens. They come and go."
It's not like she abandoned or mistreated her dolls either. Just the other day she had taken them all down, changed their clothes and brushed their hair and had apparently held an important club meeting. She was probably going to do it all over again to introduce everybody to Princess Avalon.
When Peggy was finally moderately convinced, he went on to head to the kitchen to prepare breakfast. Mercifully, Ellie had slept through that entire fiasco and had only emerged when the smell of bacon roused her. Thankfully breakfast had been cooked to perfection as Ellie was all too eager to point out.
When they reached the property, Ellie ran straight to her room to introduce her new doll, Princess Avalon, to the rest of her collection. Steve set everything down and proceeded to make their dinner.
Tony pulled up the work stool that had been pulled over from earlier, and had plopped down heavily on it. He noted with disdainful amusement that it was the very one he had welded back together after destroying it in a raging meltdown some weeks ago. He put his elbows on his knees and held his head in his hands and let out a stuttering breath. Still not quite believing that the code was near completion and an end was in sight.
“Okay people, this is obviously becoming horribly redundant, Mr. Stark what if you got?”  Fury stated with tired resignation.  It has definitely been a long couple of days.
Tony sprang from his seat, darting to the launching platform. As soon as he stepped out one of his many suits enveloped him. Even before the last of the mechanisms were in place he blasted off into the sky, heading straight for Baltimore.
“Laugh it up asshole, just remember I am the one solely in control of your level of pain. Keep fucking with me and we will see how we match up at the end of this operation.” Tony warned darkly through clenched teeth.
We watched weekly as Bucky stopped cold at his response, staring at him horrified. He just uttered the one thing he could to get through to him. If there was anything he could say to get through to Bucky “his Bucky” if there was a part of him that existed, that was it. Bucky had always said that to him to remind him that he was never alone. When he had nothing he had Bucky. In a nutshell that one unassuming line was their way of saying “I love you, no matter what.”
“No, whatever pain she has in store for you isn’t the kind you can just shrug off, it’s the kind that will rip you apart, the kind you can’t come back from.”
Tony did not think that he would ever be able to thank his team enough for their courage, determination and tenacity.
“I don’t care! It’s still delicate work that will affect James on a physical level if you mess up.” Tony rolled his eyes and Bucky flinched at being referred to as James. “And subsequently,” she continued unfazed. “Lead to major injury or even death to you if he unconsciously retaliates.” She concluded.
That one statement was probably the most open and painfully genuine thing he’s ever said to anybody. Bucky was taken aback by Tony’s sincerity and unconcealed vulnerability.
Eventually Steve decided to just haul the rolls over one shoulder. He was very capable after all. Once he got them into position he turned to find Elaine staring at him pointedly.
At this point, Tony was not surprised that the Rhododendron had somehow came upon that conclusion, but he was extremely annoyed that despite the Rhododendron's apparent vast knowledge the fucker couldn't seem to figure out that it was Barnes that killed Harker, not Steve.
“Yeah, well I had to find you fast.  Something has come up and we all have to go to the super duper meeting room.  Or what’s left of it any way.  So come on Cap, we gotta go.”  Tony stated while grabbing Steve’s hand and pulling him off his seat.
Before he knew it his face was forcefully pulled up.  His pale grey eyes met Tony’s stricken brown ones.
“No if we trapped it here there would be no telling how it would end up attacking people. Like what Professor Xavier said before, this thing would create havoc among the crew making them easy prey.” He paused for a moment Fury was about to interject but Steve continued.
“She touched everyone… I wonder what she did to everyone else?” Natasha asked to no one in particular. Only Clint and Bruce recognized the far off look in her eyes as she subtly rubbed her belly.
Tony smiled and left. As he walked down the corridor door to his lab he frowned slightly. He thought about how Steve was likely in a lot of pain right now and they couldn’t do anything about it because his body metabolized drugs too damn fast. He had to do something about that. He put a pin in that idea for later. Right now, there’s one thing thousand times more important to focus on. If there was even the slightest possibility that he could figure out a way to save Steve from Calamity’s clutches, then that’s exactly what he was going to do. She said she couldn’t be stopped but what if that was because she was sorely underestimating Tony Stark? If the possibility existed, then he needed to find it asap. A good place to start was to figure out what was exactly in that code…
"Hmm," he hummed, looking around the floor and spotting the elevator in question. "I don't see why not, let's go." He smiled tugging her hand.
“Alright you heard him. From what Hawkeye had managed to gather they’re easy to destroy. However they seem to be multiplying rapidly we need to find their source.”
“Because you are not ready. One does not simply pick a fruit before it is at its sweetest nor a flower before it is at its loveliest if one is seeking perfection, the absolute best out of something.” She explained with an air of reverence.
Natasha and Clint were beside themselves with shame. They had allowed themselves to act so childish in such a serious situation. They were professionals damn it!
“Well, I’m going to take a tea break to think it over. You want to join me?” Steve asked to them both.
This was strange, he knew that Tony was just here and that he had dropped a couple of bombshells on him. But Steve couldn't remember what those were…
Tony walked into the range and spotted Clint immediately. He was using the little birdie bots that Tony created to fly around the room as moving targets. Barton never missed. He darted around the obstacle course and hit every single one with insane accuracy. It was jarring and breathtaking all at once. Tony approached closer and Clint spotted him instantly.
“Well…” She started. “The deer was attacked from an unexpected place. She was sure she was safe but turned out to be wrong.” Steve nodded for her to continue. “So, the moral of the story is bad things can happen when you least expect.” She concluded.
He nodded, “Soviet made, no rifling and completely untraceable.”  He looked over to Natasha with an odd expression.
“EVERYONE! Shut the FUCK up!!” He bellowed, his voice low and commanding with a boom that penetrated everybody’s mind like a grenade.
God, just when Tony had finally, finally given in and let himself really feel for the Captain and hope and yearn for something… More… He truly felt they were building on something. But it was all an act. It was nothing!
The next few days have been vastly grating on Steve’s nerves.  He had been receiving a variety of responses from his team.  Everything from elated gratitude to indignant concern.  His primary team had been relieved and accommodating, however, some of the newer members had questioned the soundness of his mind seeing as his idiotic stunt had been thoroughly suicidal.
“I’m getting there!” He snapped. “Just as- as I was sure we were going to lose you, Calamity showed up.” He swallowed thickly. “I could see it in her eyes, she was coming for you. She removed me from your side like a rag doll. I couldn’t stop her. But then you were whole again. She healed you.” He stopped and squeezed his eyes shut before taking a deep breath.
The scene laid out before Steve seemed to be so familiar like déjà vu… Damn it’s the Loki incident all over again.
“I was going to kill Nat. That’s what I was aiming to do.” He whispered. “If she hadn’t knocked me out…” He cut himself off.
She looked up at him and smiled wide. "The baby's coming! We need to get to the hospital!" She finally got out.
Tony blinked in surprise when the Rhododendron was no longer on top of him. The red flash he saw led him to believe that Thor must have taken the bunny away. He did not have time to breathe a sigh of relief. The mother's cry of frustration shook the very ground around him. He turned his attention back to the hole. A bony claw scraped against the ground mercilessly.
She threw on a look of utter intense concentration as she posed herself like a jockey. Steve laughed and began to announce for her.
He was actually very thankful.  With what Bruce told him, Professor Xavier was capable of seriously amazing things, and those things could very well help them out tremendously in their current predicament.
“Hey, hey it’s ok. It’s all taken care of trust me. You just relax, please.” Oh shit, Tony just said please.
Not just any roar, a painfully familiar roar that Tony swore he would never in his entire life feel so God damned happy to hear. The Hulk roared again, apparently much closer now. Tony collapsed in relief when he the doom bot left to investigate the new development.
Steve lied stunned upon the rubble for a moment, his vision blurry and his breathing labored. He was sure that he had cracked if not broken a few ribs. Before he could even gather his bearings properly, the bot had grabbed his leg up in a vice. It had started to bear down with a crushing force. Right when Steve felt the bone start to crack the bot lifted the Captain into the air and drove him back into the floor. He emitted an anguished scream as he felt his body try to crumble with the force. If his ribs weren’t broke before they were now seeing as he started to cough up bits of blood. One of his ribs must have punctured a lung.
He remembered who he was, where he came from. He remembered being that scrawny kid from Brooklyn, joining the Army, becoming Captain America, losing Bucky… He remembered waking up in the future and becoming a part of the Avengers. He remembered falling in love with Tony Stark and getting deeply involved in the Calamity case. And, he recalled mournfully, sealing the deal with Calamity and subsequently living out a perfect, peaceful little heaven.
Steve woke up sometime later with a raging headache. He glanced around him to find the room empty. He made to get up only to find he had been thoroughly restrained.
He tried to shake those thoughts out of his mind. He was making his escape to apologize. But he did think about it and yeah Tony was going to be pissed. If the situation were reversed, he would blow a gasket. He made his way out into the hall anyway.
"I didn't chicken out." Tony replied instantly without thinking, usually not one to leave a dig at his pride unchallenged.
But in his opinion, the genius found that he liked times like this the best, when the captain was at his most calm and happiest.  His eyes were a deep and warm stormy grey, the only kind of storm he would gladly become lost in.
Steve sighed in relief despite the overwhelming fucked up situation and the fact he was pretty much dying right now.
“Steve, you do realize everything you just told me only serves to prove my earlier point, right?” He smirked down at him.
"Where's the fun in that?" Tony remarked matching Steve smirk with one of his own. Steve watched him expectantly. "Okay fine! Steve, my beautiful Captain America–"
Steve worked his way deeper into the city trying to get everyone he could out of the biggest danger zones. Soon enough the Captain heard some good news over the coms.
“How would that even be accomplished? There is no time to build a spaceship or even a series of spaceships for that kind of capacity. Regardless such a sentiment seems a bit much.”
“You’re the only one who can figure out how to save these people Tony! How to save Bruce and Sue and …”
Bruce looked about the room. Clint and Natasha were talking in hushed voices near their seats. Tony was teasing Steve about something. The poor Captain was getting that look on his face. Fury was at the front of the room developing a sever eye twitch as he watched the occupants of the room. Coulson had just walked in and looked like he wanted to develop the same eye twitch as Fury. Looks like there was only one person left to arrive.
As Tony explained his findings he had displayed the various photos and video footages of the victims on the newly replace monitors showing them where she was within the 69 seconds of the fall of these victims.  Natasha had searched these footages a thousand times and still cannot believe that they are in front of her now with the woman clearly visible to them.
Tony looked out of the elevator to see what the commotion was only to have the sight that greeted him make him pale in trepidation. What had to be fifteen agents and guards started charging through the corridor coming from the direction the Strike unit came from.
A/N: Sorry for the late update! Seriously it’s still better than waiting a year so no complaining! Lol. I pretty much had to work a week straight after the fourth and then Pokemon Go happened… I am not sorry. So here it is, enjoy!
“I just went through everybody’s vitals.”  He said.  It’s passed sixty nine seconds. Everyone is fine.”
Natasha was still tearing up every so often while Clint tried to comfort her.  She had fallen for the good Doctor and Steve’s heart broke for her.  If Tony fell he did not know if he could summon the strength to continue.  He almost could not go on after Bucky died but his fury over Hydra’s existence was enough fuel to keep going.  And back then he had Peggy too, an unspoken promise between them of a bright future together.  Bucky would’ve wanted that for him.  Even if it didn’t work out that way at least there was a future to look forward to.  Now?  This was the end of the line.  Perhaps that is how Natasha found the strength to be here now.  She had likely accepted the fact that all this was going to happen anyway.
Suddenly, an all-consuming clap of thunder resonated throughout the area. Tony might have grinned impishly.
“Sir, Miss Romanov is requesting entry. Shall I let her in?” Jarvis’s voice pierced through Tony’s mind suddenly.
Steve, Ellie and Angie had been waiting in the waiting room of the maternity ward for nearly 6 hours now. Ellie was asleep on his chest and Angie was asleep next to him. Steve and Ellie were not allowed to see Peggy due to some potential complications that have Steve quite worried.
Tony leaned back to look him in the eye. Steve’s eyes were perfectly between gray and blue with icy undercuts. Stunning, yet Tony knew he was in desolate turmoil. If Steve had his way, he would be running the streets this very moment trying to find Barnes.
There was screaming and shouting happening all around him but he could hear none of it. His mind was so utterly focused on Bucky he didn’t even sense Iron Man make a move. He was so focused he could not process anything else but Bucky’s visage. The way his gaze shifted around a moment in fear before his right arm fell limply at his side and many expressions flitted across his features. He looked Steve in the eye and held that contact adamantly. He silently conveyed remorse, gratitude and acceptance.
"Mmhmm. Keep telling yourself that." Iron Man noticed the Captain looking from side to side, scanning the area. "If you are looking for the shield, it is about 800 meters that way." Tony pointed to the North East side of the battle.
“Well, it’s true, you leave much to be desired now, but that doesn’t mean you are really anything less than a hero. As it had been painfully pointed out to me recently, if you had the choice, truly had the choice, you absolutely would not have let those things happen. Right?”
It started off just after the breaking news report. Tony skimmed through the footages until Steve began to set up his easel by the window and watched as he began to make unassuming preparations. Tony wasn’t quite sure exactly when he drugged the girls but he was sure it was during their tea break. The genius balked at Darcy’s commentary about the Thor’s website and then again at her insinuation of his and Steve’s relationship.
This was followed by a chorus of 'count me in's' and 'me too's' from various honorary Avengers and X-Men alike.
Everything else had actually been going spectacularly well the last week or so. He had solved the puzzle and completed Calamity's code. Using that information, he had successfully repurposed his BARF device and had looked into the minds of some of her victims that he had access to. Realizing that the victims were playing out some sort of perfect fantasy in a dreamscape mind reality, curiosity had of course eventually consumed him.
Tony was fiddling with the thumb drive in his hand. He was debating with himself what he should do with it. Steve was absent mindedly watching him.
As Bucky walked out into the bright sunlight he took a quick sweep of the area, swiftly identifying all possible ways he could be compromised. He did his best to avoid those avenues and proceeded to work his way to the predetermined rendezvous point. He did not know how the rest of this day was going to go down, but he could feel it deep in his gut that it was not going to end well. At least at this point he was not being rapidly swarmed by the government or the Avengers. Which means he hadn’t been discovered yet. That means they had time.
Tony was out there somewhere, fighting the big fight all the while believing that Steve hated him. That sentiment could not be further from the truth. Steve needed to find a way to let Tony know the truth. Despite everything that happened, (and let's face it there were some things Steve was still entirely angry about) Steve still loved Tony completely.
This situation is beyond fucked up. Sorting through his feelings for Tony on top of everything that is happening with Calamity is almost too much to bear. Honestly, he shouldn’t even be letting his thoughts linger on the Tony situation. The world really needs him to focus right now. And if they all fail, in the end his feelings for Tony are going to be a non issue anyway. Yet here he is, still thinking about it.
Tony's response was a bit more intense, "So, what? Is that what you want the souls for? Power and life?"
“I don’t know what the fuck they are! They are roughly the size of a basketball, furry, and they produce enough voltage to shock the shit out of you. If exposed to a normal person long enough, it could kill them.”
Okay, so that was a minor (major) miscalculation on his part. Tony assumed that they had stitched or stapled or at least bandaged Bucky’s wound, but no. They didn’t do a damn thing! This guy has been walking around and fighting with a fucking hole in his chest. What the fucking fuck!?
“You can’t keep me in the dark like that! Tony, that was not your call to make! You should have told me straight up from the start and trusted me to make that decision on my own.”
“What? Why? We can’t really do this without you.” Like seriously most of their plan hinged on her help.
"We can go home now, Steve." She said through a wet happy smile filled with hope. Hope and a promise for a happy, peaceful future. A future that he yearned for all his life.
He seriously could not wait till this was all over and he could remember again. This was just getting ridiculous.
Hopefully he could figure it out before Tony finds him or before Calamity claims him. Which could happen any time now…
The soldier’s movements were so fragmented Steve was able to gain the upper hand. He managed to knee him in the gut and punch him in the face before the soldier could block. Steve used the force of that momentum to sweep the soldier’s legs out from underneath him. He hit the ground hard but flipped back up to his feet instantly.
“It’s encrypted. It’s going to take a while to hack, it’s pretty complex.” Tony replied dryly. They all deflated dramatically.
“We’ll good thing I have a friend that’ll fix all this.” He replied as they walked through the house.
The fact that Bucky could survive after everything to this point despite, well, everything he could go a few hours without those IVs.
No, it was because that mother fucking pink bunny had apparently tore open a black hole in the middle of New York City.
Days passed in a blur and a restless eerie calm descended upon the Avengers. It had been three weeks since the Baltimore massacre and not a hair nor hide could be found of any new foe seeking to wreak havoc upon the world. It scared Tony more than he was ever willing to admit. Something big was coming and the uneasy peace made Tony’s nerves stretch tighter than a guitar string.
He sighed deeply as he took in the hopeless state of his lab. He had just gotten it back in order after he blew it up a little over a week ago. He had gotten distracted and left some volatile components unattended. He really should have known better than to start that particular project while his mind was so frayed after everything that happened in San Jose and after. It really didn’t help when Pepper showed up to do her “I am really worried about you and I’m going to nag the shit out of you to show you” thing in addition to the “You made a shit storm on the media again and now I have to put out your PR fire, so I’m going to bitch at you and hope you don’t do it again” thing. He really liked that one the best, he thought sarcastically.
“You are welcome.  I’m sorry I could not help you like I hoped.  Sometimes I feel I can be rather useless without my abilities.”  The Professor admitted forlornly.
Hank looked to the Professor for guidance.  He was not completely sure how to handle the situation but then he figured maybe a sedation dart would do the trick.  The when Hank truly did look at the Professor he found that he was in absolute deep concentration straining with all his might to achieve something.
“Shortly after Professor Xavier and Hank arrived back at the school in New York they had gathered as much information as possible about what had occurred there.  They sent that information to us to analyze in hopes of aiding with the case in their absence.  What they had was even clearer footages of the strange alien woman that is likely behind all this.  I had Jarvis utilize Shield Security Software. Using the new footages I had Jarvis scour the Internet, looking through pictures, security cameras, cell phone cameras, any media footage that were present during the fall of any of the victims.  And we got hits lots and lots of hits.”  He stopped, looking at everybody who now held a look of perked interest.
The top layer of the beverage was the pale yellow lemonade immersed in the crystal like ice cubes and the bottom layer was this gorgeous almost fluorescent like purple liquid.  They both stared at the glass transfixed for a little longer before Steve slowly put the straw to his lips.
Steve took a deep breath and continued from the moment he woke up in the tower. He pressed on in explicate detail. He recited word for word his conversation with Fury when he told him that he was literally going to be locked up in the tower on house arrest and barred from duty and under constant surveillance. ‘For his own safety.’
“I agree with you Steve.” Tony said quietly. Steve’s heart nearly leapt out of his chest when he heard Tony say his name, despite the terrible mood. ‘Wow, I am a horrible person.’ He thought with a sigh.
He swiftly rolled to the left and used the momentum to fling himself up and simultaneously strike with his shield.  The soldier had anticipated his move and blocked the shield with his arm while at the same time punching Steve in the face with his right hand.  That one may not have been metal but it still felt like a battering ram.
He was working on another painting of the odd futuristic armor that had been plaguing his dreams. He was utilizing his art studio in the barn and had begun making significant headway in replacing the stale work he had before. The strange suit of armor had quickly become one of his favorite subjects. He worked on his paintings and drawings to give himself something to do while Ellie was at school and Peggy out with Angie.
“You know, I don’t envy the position you’re in.” He muttered lowly, his voice was thick with deep turbulent emotion.
“I love Steve… More than anything. But for the life of me I can’t figure out what happened! How it all came to this. It all feels like horrible joke to me. People don’t feel for me the way he claims to.”
Then, as if drawn by the alluring siren call of hell itself, he slowly looked down upon Steve's broken comatose body lying deathly still upon the hospital bed in the infirmary of the tower. Like delicate crystal, the last of the recognizable fragments of Tony's broken heart shattered.
"Okay, Babydoll. You ready for breakfast?" He asked looking down at her tear streaked face as she continued to break out into giggles.
Tony has always been the same person no matter what and he doesn’t in the slightest have the urge to drag his ass into a dark corner and beat the life out of him over it. But there is something… when he thinks of Tony’s preference, it does stir up some modicum of feelings that he doesn’t recognize.
Tony honestly did not know what to do. The entire world was under attack and there were but twenty members of his team left, and one of them was somewhere in outer fucking space. He had sent his Iron Legion prototypes to deal with the fuzz buzz and doom bots popping up everywhere. Unfortunately, the doom bot knockoffs were truly a major threat. However, being fakes, there were some obvious weaknesses he could see from observation alone that were quite exploitable. Jarvis was well-equipped to deal with those vulnerabilities. Regrettably, his Iron Legion prototypes were hilariously outnumbered. If they were taken out too soon a lot of people could die.
All because of Steve Rogers, the man out of time. At only the very sound of his voice and his adamant resolve he was able to restore faith.
The Captain began his onslaught fists in an attempt to subdue his dark assailant. The soldier tried to buck him off but Steve was unyielding, tightening his knees around the soldier’s ribs. The Captain gave the deadly assassin a jarring headbutt that resounded with a sickening crack. Steve saw flashes but wasn’t going to stop for the life of him. The soldier stopped his assault just long enough for Steve to grab the edges of the mask and rip it off.
Tony’s chest constricted and he dropped his head in his hands again and tried to contain his dark emotions. He took several shuttering breath’s, each more jagged than the last.
“My dear Midgardians, your Earth is the seventh. Of course the quicker I find my keystone the less evidence of my presence gets left behind.”
"Sounds like a nice fantasy. I don't see how that is possible without encroaching on free will." Steve replied skeptically.
“Clear. Once you reach the appropriate level the halls are free to travel, however, despite my efforts, many officials are gathering to bar your escape from portal B – 03, Sir.”
Everyone stopped cold and stared at the Captain in absolute shock. After the occupants of the room gathered their bearings most were thinking the same thing. Did he just drop an F-bomb!?
Tony sighed. He removed the armor and had it go stand a ways away before removing the letter from his satchel. “Here. The first part is for you guys.” Tony handed the letter to Sam.
He was shaken out of his thoughts when the soldier took a deep breath that subsequently led to a coughing fit. The small trickle of blood on the corner of his mouth did not go unnoticed.
After a moment, Tony felt a pair of hands on his shoulders. He looked up into Barnes’s face that was still twisted in misery.
At first, he thought that maybe it wouldn't have been so bad to stay in the fantasy world and let it play out, he really didn't have to fight so hard to break free from it.
Steve ignored him.  He was sure he could reach the core.  If anyone could it would be him at this point.  Hell, he’s gotten electrocuted so much by these things today, what’s little more?
Tony began to wave the wand around Barnes’s shoulder, holding it at different angles to see the wider picture on the inside. All of the information was piecing itself together on a holo-screen.
If the army got involved there would be no one left to save by the time the third team finally arrived.  It was now or never.  He braced himself and struggled to his feet.  He groaned and gritted his teeth, each step was a slice of hell but he continued.
“Well it’s not like I broadcast it! That kinda shit happens if you get blown up enough!” Tony retorted rubbing his ears.
Despair was thick in the room until the Asgardian prince spoke up once more, “Do not despair my friends,”
Steve was half expecting for the Professor to weigh in on his new revelation.  When he remained silent, completely silent, the Captain looked up at him.  The professor was just sitting there ever patient, odd…  He was expecting him to intervene within his thoughts and say something like “It is not you they do not trust it is this dangerous matter.”
He helped Becka into the other child coat. He looked around the boxes before finding the boots that accompany the coats.
“What!?” His mind flashed to when Calamity tried to bargain with him to trade his soul. Alarm began to blossom. “What do you mean a deal? Steve, tell me you didn’t make a deal with
But before the hysteria could grow within him he picked up on a very familiar sound in the distance. He stood up quickly and flinched harshly as his body protested his effort. The sound of the flight stabilizers of Stark Industry repulser technology grew faintly louder as Iron Man came closer.
Steve walked out of the toy store with a heavy heart and a considerable dent in his wallet. He sighed heavily knowing he was going to get an earful later when Peggy found out. But he decided that the look of pure joy on Ellie's face was well worth it.
Still, none of that compared to the state of his heart. He was sure if it could have a physical manifestation it would be utterly unrecognizable. The sight of his brother’s graphic death was set on constant replay in his mind.
Steve vaguely registered Fury dismissing them. Thor clasped Steve on the shoulder leading him out. Tony gave them a sidelong look before turning with Bruce to continue working on the simulations. Thor caught the odd look in Tony’s eyes before directing Steve away to plan out what they were going to do.
Bruce felt the Hulk back away the moment he heard Steve’s voice. There was something in it that made even the Hulk retreat. Bruce had always felt clam when interacting with Steve, we was always so respectful, patient and wise. It was always a pleasure to have a sophisticated discussion with him. Even from a man out of time there were always concepts that were timeless.
She smiled apologetically at him. Steve watched with mounting tension as they left. Now that the two non-fighters were out of the way he could get this party started.
“How do you choose? What made you deem earth worthy enough of the cut?” Tony spat out, his displeasure at the situation holy on concealed.
“Idiot!  How would I know?!  It’s not written in English you fool!  Get me a translator!”  He screeched.
"You wish to give me a nickname based on the similarity in hers and my name?" She asked surprisingly astonished.
“Yep, it’s bi-neuraly augmented retro framing. By hijacking the hippocampus I have access to a variety of stored memories. This is still very much in the beginning stages and this is the first time that I’ve really had an honest to God breakthrough with it. What I’m hoping in the future I’ll be able to use it to potentially clear traumatic memories.” He explained almost with a hint of uncertainty.
“From the moment she made eye contact with the mysterious woman to the moment she stopped was exactly 69 seconds."
A/N: Just Two more chapters left. I can hardly believe it. I've been working on this for 7 years now. Just the last of the Story and an Epilogue. I've got chills.
“Please, trust me I know you are fully capable of continuing on. Hell, I’m sure you would still out March the commandos any day of the week baby and all.” She smirked. “But you don’t have to. Let me take care of my best gal.” He said with the best winning smile he could muster. “You’re so strong Peg. I doubt I could ever do what you do.” He sighed wistfully.
“Why can’t you trust us to find him!? You don’t have to keep risking what’s left of your life needlessly.”
Tony grabbed the arm and inserted the primary neuro-clasp rod deep into the bone anchor, deftly locking it into place before anyone could blinked.
He turned to the journal swiftly, hoping to write down what little he could remember before he forgot again. When he grabbed the Journal he froze, staring at it disbelievingly. Cold chills ran up and down his spine.
“You are so stupid!”  Tony nearly wailed.  He grabbed each side of Steve’s face putting a grip on his ears.
“Why put off the inevitable? Ever since I fought that assassin there has been something scratching at the edge of my mind. Like a word just at the tip of your tongue.”
“Well, connecting it to a device that isn’t connected to the Avengers or Shield servers and doesn’t have Internet access would solve that problem.” Tony supplied.
She sighed. "I know you do. I just can't help but to fathom all the trouble my two darling flitter mice could get into while I'm gone." She pouted.
He knew the man standing before him attacking him now with unrelenting fists. His demeanor however was no longer cold and calculating. It was now white-hot with fury. The soldier’s movements were now sloppy and disjointed. Something had cracked in him. This new behavior made Steve all the more alarmed.
Yeah, he told himself he was never going back to that place but after reading the letter he decided it was worth the risk. He felt mildly better as the armor enveloped his body.
Steve didn’t know whether or not to be angry that they were gambling on his personal life or utterly relieved that they were so nonchalant about the fact that he and Tony could very well be in a homosexual relationship.
She smiled sadly as she patted his cheek fondly. She walked away to join her brother. Steve watched her go absently. He watched as she smoothed over a growing disagreement between Bucky and Pietro. He grinned briefly before turning his attention to his sketchbook. He had a few blank pages left, just enough for a letter. He went over Wanda’s words to him again.
Over the next three days for all intents and purposes the Avengers grew. Fury was on radio silence from the government. The last thing he told them was that they had yet to make any real progress. They do not need those people with their petty disputes and wayward agendas holding the reins on this case. This was no longer in an issue of National Security or even global security. This now involves the entire universe essentially.
Tony paused. "No of course not! But why give us a chance at all? I know I am going to beat you! You could have come and gone and none of us would have even known, I know you have the power to do so." He shouted angrily, completely outraged at her insistence at playing this deranged game.
“Don’t worry Captain.  They are all fine.”  He said soothingly while rubbing Steve’s back.  “They all made it out safely because of you.”  He said.
“Perfect! You ready? Once we get you out of this we will have like a 10 minute window before they realize I’m pulling a fast one on them.”
Steve looked out over the skyline of the cityscape from where he stood on an isolated balcony of the Avengers tower as he anxiously awaited Tony's arrival.
The genius’s annoyance did nothing to diminish his concern, however. As advanced as the mechanics and technology used in Hydra’s cybernetic arm was; their execution was crude at best. It really went to show that they cared nothing for the subject. Barnes was merely a convenient body. It hurt and sickened Tony to no end. Tony was never ever going to admit it, he’d die first, but Barnes had become something of a friend despite every single fucking thing that has happened to this point.
A/N: Welcome back everyone! This came in a bit earlier this time, yay. Thank you all for those of you who took the time to leave a review. It is always much appreciated. Without any further ado on the show!
“Uh, I don’t know, however many three pots is? Anyway, it doesn’t matter. You gotta come see this!” Tony could barely contain his excitement as he grabbed Steve’s hands and hauled him to his feet and began to drag him to his personal lab.
He began to cry miserably and couldn’t bring himself to finish the rest of the letter. He couldn’t bear the words of encouragement that will surely there.
After finishing a second Sunday together, Steve and Ellie began walking hand in hand down the street to the drugstore. There was a kiddy pony ride just out front that Ellie wanted to play on before heading back to the house.
“Don’t try, it’s written on your face and all over your behavior. Whatever you feel for this person is strong. This person means the world to you and you have no idea what to do about it. You hide yourself away trying to avoid the whole mess in front of you. You’re so full of self-doubt and self-loathing you’re afraid of messing it up, afraid that they would eventually realize they made a mistake and afraid to put yourself out there on the line to expose yourself only to get burned. So, you hide, hoping that they decide you’re not worth the effort and leave. Just so you can sit back and say ‘See it wouldn’t have ever worked out anyway.’” She sighed when Tony became visibly distraught.
Calamity continued, “From stopping me from claiming your world all at once?  Yes there is a possibility.”
“Fuck You! Everything I said is true! Steve is everything to me. If I could take his place I would. I begged on my hands and knees for that crazy bitch to take me instead.” He really did.
“Okay, children, back on task.” Natasha piped up coolly. “It’s 2 o’clock. Let’s continue with the procedure, please, before I smack each of you upside the head.” She threatened with a sweet smile.
Everyone complied but Tony. He remained frozen staring at the captain’s wrist. Steve could see were Tony’s mind was heading.
Suddenly, Tony was sucked out of his torment by a series of resounding explosions. He snapped his head to the sky and watched as the helicarrier went down in a fiery blaze.
The next thing Steve knew he saw Antman fly off of the roof he was on and land on the street out cold. Shit! Half of his team was down. He needed to concentrate. He took a deep breath and centered himself. He can hear a clap of thunder and Tony’s repulsers. They must have engaged the soldier.
Tony lost his grip on the pavement and was violently sucked into the sky. His heart beat madly with fear as the wind rushed past his face and tangled through his hair.
Steve shook his hand firmly and his gaze fell to the glowing blue object on the man's chest. Steve couldn't resist asking.
“Why do you still have it if it doesn’t work well?” Bucky asked nodding to Dumm-E who was holding on to a box of glass vials no doubt containing some sort of caustic fluid.
"Daddy! Daddy, look!" She exclaimed holding out her butterfly net with a beautiful orange and black Monarch butterfly captured inside.
Tony rolled his eyes painfully. ‘Seriously!? He’s going to pull that crap now? In what universe is Steve or any of us going to allow that?’
"Man of Iron!" Thor's loud voice boomed over the coms. "Lady Widow has given me a communications unit."
He should have just let him rot in there. The only reason he hasn’t tried to kill the guy himself, yet, was because Nat threatened to put a bullet in his head if he tried. Honestly, he was maybe 60% sure she was bluffing but decided he did not want to find out the hard way.
“And I have something very special in store for you, Love.” She said mysteriously as she’d reached up and planted a kiss on Steve’s forehead before completely and utterly disappearing.
Yeah, bring him in and what? Lock him away too? He did not say that though. No matter how much he wanted to argue that lovely point. Instead he thought of another possible argument.
“Thank goodness!”  He exclaimed utterly relieved.  All of his worries have been put to rest.  Now that he knew everyone was safe and sound exhaustion took over.  Before he knew it he slipped back into a deep sleep.  Before he was out completely, however, he heard the faint muffled sound of his teammate’s voices.
And with that they both began to laugh. Steve’s laugh morphed into a grown as his newly stitched wounds became agitated.
Steve wrapped his arms around Tony without thinking and fell asleep instantaneously to the slight illumination of his ark reactor. Tony was mildly shocked at first by Steve’s absent minded forwardness but settled in and listened to Steve’s strong and steady heart beat. Like the most enchanting the lullaby Tony fell asleep quickly enough.
When ‘One Last Breath’ by Creed started, Tony breathed a sigh of relief. Barnes visibly relaxed then fully turned to the monitor to begin his mission to rifle through Tony’s files anew.
“Possess?  Oh dear no!  You silly creature why would I need to take a body when I can make my own?  All the ingredients of an average human body are relatively easy to acquire.  Most I simply dug right out of the earth.  This way I can make me fit my true visage as close as possible while blending in with your race.”  She stated as if it were the most obvious thing in the world.
He rolled painfully on the ground avoiding two attacks. His chest burned as the evasion jarred and stressed the tenuous connection his suit had to his arc reactor. He hoped the computer remained undamaged.
Next, she changed into a creature that seemed like it could be the spirit of fire itself. She reminded him of Johnny greatly then.
A/N: Hello! Welcome back to this wonderful adventure we’re having together. I know some of you are concerned that Steve has yet to go back in time. Have no fear it will happen by the end of chapter 25. Don’t forget this is a work in progress and it is going to be much bigger than I had ever hoped to anticipate. When I first started this I figured ten or fifteen chapters tops, to me it has grown to be something far more spectacular and I thank you all for your humble patience and support.
Steve and the others became worried. No snarky reply? Not good. Whatever info Tony has it must be very serious.
They were getting close to the point where Kevin can use the sonic pulse. Just a little further. Six of the zappers all of a sudden swarmed Steve and they got him in the chest and back before he could disable them.
"Sir, we have a visual." Jarvis zoomed in and Tony could see Steve sitting on the beach with Calamity.
“I really enjoy looking at in progress work, I love watching the pieces go from the early stages to the finished masterpieces.” Peter laughed.
Tony sighed, “yeah for now.” Now that he was sufficiently caffeinated he knew he could not put this off any longer. “All right, let’s head over to the lounge area over there so that we can talk.” He paused when his stomach growled rudely. “And maybe attempt to eat something.” He added.
Rumlow apparently didn’t like his utter lack of response because in seconds he was charging Bucky with an enraged roar. His fists were raised ready for combat. Bucky dodged right, sidestepping slightly. Rumlow’s punch missed his face by mere millimeters. He felt the air displacement flutter over his bullet grazed cheek.
The hardware store was his first stop. He was happy to note that the bus stop was nearly just in front of the store. He made a note of it for tomorrow.
I apologize for any and all errors, and please do not forget to leave me a review at the end and tell me what you think. Without any further ado, on with the show!
Steve found he liked the idea of the barn as his studio rather than to house unruly animals. That pigeon was a nightmare. The barn itself was unassuming, very ordinary and typical looking and painted red. Steve walked up to the doors and lifted the latch.
"And in some cases from what it looks like there have been outside parties doing their best to cover shit up and to make sure some of this never came to light.”  Tony explained, trying to get all these tired ass people to understand what he had discovered.  Some were just not getting it.
Yet, it still didn't stop Steve from seeing it for what it was, the coup de grace. Somehow Steve had alarmingly, single-handedly, unwittingly delivered the deathblow to the man's already abused, fractured, tortured heart.
“It is true, my dears.  I am so sorry…” She smiled sadly.  “I have taken your kin.”  She confirmed mournfully as she began to fade.
He wallowed in self misery for another half hour or so. He couldn’t help it. He indulged himself in his own pity party. It’s just... It’s just he thought he really was doing something right for the first time. He truly loved Steve. And he thought maybe just maybe the Captain felt the same way. At least it felt like it anyway.
The only modicum of consideration they allowed him was that he got to be present for Tankar’s interrogation.  He couldn’t participate mind you, but they allowed him to be there nonetheless.
“He said it is a really ancient form of data storage, lost in time from an extinct race from millennia ago. As in, it’s stupidly rare and no one knows how to work it. Thor left for Asgard this morning to inquire about.”
When he hit the coast he quickly found an abandoned factory to lay low in. It was old and constructed out of bricks. Most of the windows were shattered and graffiti covered many of the walls. But it was empty and secluded.
“Hello, Professor Xavier. We spoke via video phone.” Bruce introduced himself and offered his hand to the Professor.
“I’m sure you can agree that eating just that one apple today is not all that healthy, why don’t we find someplace where we can have an honest to god dinner?”  With that Steve looked relatively appeased.  A nice hot meal would do them all good.
Tony got up from the work table and motioned Steve to follow. He walked to his main computer and pointed out the various stats that were shown on the screen.
Some of the other occupants of the room had started to calm down now that they’re was an honest to god plan in the works. Along with Mr. Stark and the various agents of SHIELD, they’re still trying to track the face of the mysterious woman they had captured on the helicarrier.  Now they have something connecting all the victims together and a plan to, if not fix the problem, at least get a glimpse inside the minds of the victims to get as close as they can to figuring out why all this is happening.  OK, so the cranky level of the room is starting to wane.
Realizing that Tony and Bruce were not on this mission; the Captain felt relieved.  Fury probably felt it prudent that they remain working in the lab.  Which for once was fine with Steve being as he didn’t really wanna be near the genius right now anyway, even though deep down that’s all he wanted.  Damn these conflicting emotions.
Steve tightened his hold on him then moaned deeply when Tony swiped his tongue along the Captain's bottom lip, encouraging him to deepen their kiss. Steve couldn't get enough of Tony's unique taste and the feel of his velvety tongue against his own.
Antman and Iron Man made sure the doom bots stayed clear of the evac zone. Thor attempted to thin them out as quickly as possible. Tony had informed them that the bots were all likely linked together. He said that it was a possibility that when one fell the others learn from their fallen comrade and adapted. They had to do this quickly and carefully.
Hank paused for a moment confused at the new voice but continued, “Well, to put it simply, the patients are happy.  Really, really happy.  I have no idea what is going on in their noggins but whatever is happening they are extremely happy about it.”
Steve smiled as he began to ascend the stairs and hear Eleanor singing to herself. As he got closer he recognized the song as “You Are My Sunshine.” His chest tightened as he listened. Her voice was so melodic and clear, it was enchantingly beautiful.
A/N: Wow, that one was so charged… too soon? Lol. So yeah tell me what you think. I love hearing from you guys.
“When Tony succeeds in s-stopping you I still belong to you? Will I remain where I c-choose to be or do you have other p-plans for me after that?”
“It’s alien technology, Pepper. The encryption was just a taste. This thing? It’s beyond me.” He stated with melancholy. “Yeah, maybe if I had more time. With weeks, months or years I could do it, I could figure it out.” He took a deep breath. “We don’t have time.”
“Hey, at least I don’t have an entire twenty channels on YouTube dedicated to my, oh so mature and sophisticated public appearances.” Barton retorted.
He ran to the end of the bus but when he looked across the street the man was gone. There was absolutely no sign of him. He searched the streets, observing the other pedestrians to see if any were reacting to a strange man running about. But all seemed utterly unperturbed.
Suddenly, a cable attached to an arrow wrapped and anchored around Iron Man’s waist. Tony turned and saw Clint with a fierce grip on his bow bracing his legs against an exposed girder of a fallen building. Natasha’s arms were wrapped around his chest helping him stay grounded. Then, the Hulk roared as he stooped to hold on to Natasha.
His chest was heaving deeply from the exertion, his vision was blurry and his face was wet. He felt the tears roll down his cheeks and realized with gut wrenching horror that he was crying.
, victims none of those five mutants were even using their abilities.”  Steve was in awe. Mutants were frightening but at the same time really cool like the Professor.
“Yes we do! Your soldiers blood is on these, we cannot leave a trace of it for the enemy to find.” He replied sharply.
"It was the deal we made." She answered. "It is much like that idiom you spoke of. He made his bed, now he must lie upon it."
“I couldn’t!  This is hard for me too Cap.”  Tony visibly deflated.  “Look, I know this is horrible for you but I’m trying to keep…”  He broke off to take a deep breath and force the tension out of his muscles.  “I’m trying to keep you alive.”
That one night when Tony got super wasted Steve didn’t even consider that one of the genius’s deepest darkest secrets was that he might very well fancy the same sex more over the opposite.  The good Captain still didn’t know how to feel about that.
Unfortunately, it seems that three of the bots now noticed Tony huddled in the alleyway. He snapped the laptop close and bolted out of the alley, the doom bots in hot pursuit. Now that he could see them closely, Tony could recognize the features that told him they were indeed based on the adaptable doom bots. However, he could clearly see that they were Rhododendron's knockoffs, which means they have blatant physical weaknesses. Tony grabbed a large steel pipe jutting out of the rubble and turned on the closest one and brought the pipe down hard on the neck and shoulder joint. It crumpled instantaneously.
He went into his first conversation with Tony. He explained how the genius had brought up a valid point in his annoying passive aggressive way that Steve should chill and spend time with his team being that he only had days left. But Tony only wanted to spend time with him. Steve explained how he came to the realization that it was something he genuinely wanted, to literally spend the rest of his life with Tony.
Bucky turned and looked up at Tony with wide innocent eyes. “Taking advantage of my full, unrestricted access to all your personal shit.” He replied, his innocent façade never wavering.
Eleanor was obviously very put out, she had been told that she was not permitted to go in to see her mother, but it could not be helped.
He smiled kindly at Steve.  The Captain could only blink.  He heard what Hank was saying but it just wasn’t sinking in.  Hank analyzed Steve’s reaction.
A/N: And another one bites the dust. How did you like it? Leave me a review and let me know what you think.
“Believe me, offering you such a gift is merciful beyond comprehension. You do not want to be aware of the harvest, love.” She said never breaking eye contact. “Your role as keystone is a brutal one. I suggest you take my offer.”
The thing is it wasn’t so much a terrible idea, it is actually considerably a good one. However, in regards to their tiny little planet who is only now finally catching up technologically with other advanced races in the universe still doesn’t have quite the grasp on some kind of global escape plan.
Yes I know how the nine realms function in the original mythology but for the purpose of my story I'm treating the branches of Yggdrasil as quasars. A system of galaxies and worlds all connected by the spark of life.
“It’s okay Tony, if you recall when we first met you weren’t all that fond of me. Certainly not enough to care”
“And if we go back a little over a minute… Look here in the far corner. This woman, I don’t recognize her.” She was indicating a woman with long raven hair tied back in a braid.
Tony took a deep breath pulling himself out of his thoughts. He had a pretty good idea where to start.
"I sense your apprehension and incredulity. It radiates off of you in splendid waves. Know that the remorse and compassion you feel for your enemy now is exactly why none of you will share his fate." She began to stock straight towards Tony.
“I needed you to tell me if what he wrote was true! Immediately after reading the letter I headed straight to the Raft.” The genius replied defensively.
Sure, he was totally going to come out of hiding just to have the shit electrocuted out of him, again. He had enough of that on the last mission thank you very much. He did not fall for Victor’s taunts. The Captain was usually as cool as a cucumber when dealing with his enemies. Only Tony knew how to get a rise out of him.
“I know how you feel Buck, but this is something I need to do. You all are my friends and if I have the capacity to save you then I’m going to try.”
“Ah, I haven’t felt such amusement in what has to be eons!” She mused as she’s moved a lock of Raven hair back.
Tony huffed and rolled his eyes. “I’m making sure you’re not going to die on me.” He said pointing to the blood. “Things like that become good indicators.”
He had realized some time ago that he wasn’t healing right. He could see it in her eyes now, the realization. Steve felt that if he thought back far enough he could possibly pinpoint the point in time in which his body was not responding the way it should. It must have been after the fuzz buzz incident, after Calamity healed him and inadvertently created his mind barrier. At that time it must have done much more than he had initially anticipated.
Tears of shame and regret ran down his face mixing with the blood from his gash. The doom bot geared up to deliver a deathblow but stopped.
“Excuse me?” Steve was thrown through a loop, he was expecting Tony to utter something far more explicit.
Steve really did not know how to respond to that. He was just coming to terms with his weird condition himself. He thought long and hard on how to give her a proper answer.
The Captain was truly beginning to understand why falling in love drives people crazy.  He thought the beginning of their relationship was rough when they hated each other.  But now it’s so much more complex.  He loves Tony.  That, he definitely knows for certain.  What he doesn’t know is exactly where Tony’s head is at.  Sure, Tony had kissed him, or did he kiss Tony?  He couldn’t remember, it was amazing though, but it was also right after he woke up after the zapper incident and emotions were high.
“I was wrong okay!? I thought he betrayed us! Betrayed me… Clearly something else happened that I’m not aware of!”
“If I could sit down with you professor and have you describe to me with as much accuracy and detail as possible the energy wavelengths then I could create a devise that could reverse the effects and I would even conceivably be able to track E.T.” He said smoothly looking back down at his phone.
Sensing a long story, Steve planted himself beneath a nearby tree. Calamity stood before him her arms crossed in discomfort.
Just when Tony was in the middle of another deep and long-suffering sigh, one of the remaining legs of the rickety stool he sat upon suddenly gave out and threw the genius onto the floor. He groaned pathetically and began to laugh miserably at his deplorable and ridiculous predicament. It truly felt like hitting rock bottom as he lay unmoving upon the hard cold floor that was still littered with jagged shards of glass.
He crushed the device in his hand before throwing it to the floor and watching in bitter satisfaction as it shattered into thousands of tiny pieces. It must be what his heart looks like.
Tony frowned. He really did feel for him. He couldn’t even begin to understand what Steve must be going through.
Steve moved Clint away from him as he lifted his shirt. All they saw all was pure milky skin. None of the bruising from the doom bot attack remained.
Barnes hummed deep in thought. He turned a cracker over in his hand and focused on it like it was the most interesting thing in the world.
"Okay, so if it needs multiple focal points to materialize, then it's not quite the schematics I saw, meaning I'm not going to be able to disable the machines, easily anyway." He admitted.
“If I find out I could have done something and didn’t and they die I will never forgive myself.  I won’t know I would be any help till I get there.  I’ve got to try!”  He said solemnly.
He also noted that his wounds remained untreated. His arm had not been relocated, his hand and wrist were throbbing painfully even more intensely because they were twisted and bound so brutally within the confining jacket. His ribs remained unset, making it incredibly difficult to breathe regardless of the restraints. The stitches were still torn, he could feel his blood still leak minutely. On top of the other torn muscles and fractured bones caused by his efforts to escape the marking on his wrist till burned like fire.
“I am glad you are well my friend, I am going to go check on something.” Thor said suddenly, wanting nothing more than to get out of that firestorm while he could.
“Listen, I’ve been in your head. I know what he means to you, even now.” She grimaced, her own opinion of Tony cringe worthy. “Do you really mean to leave it all the way it is? To have so much remain unsaid?”
“I just have to make a few adjustments to the program beyond that there is nothing more I can really do at this point.  That and eventually talk to Xavier are about a desynthesization device.  But then again, if the big guy said there’s no cure then…”  Tony trailed off.
“Whatever you do, do not let them touch you!” The Captain ordered as he quickly destroyed them with his shield.
The adaptability of the doom bots were confirmed when he tried to hit the second one the same way only to have it block his attempts. They have learned from their fallen comrade. At least that wasn't the only weakness he could exploit.
We were walking the Woodlands together, she was gathering various plants for sustenance when it happened. A sharpened projectile had sailed through the air and found purchase in her head, penetrating her brain. She was dead before I could even comprehend what had happened.
“You read this right?” Tony began after a moment of silence, gesturing to Steve’s letter. “Do you believe what he wrote in this?” He held up the letter once more.
She eyed him skeptically. "There is nothing beautiful about those." She wrinkled her nose at the lumpy mashed potatoes and scorched pork chops.
When he felt far enough away he hid behind a dumpster and he pulled out a ball cap, hoodie and a pair of aviators out of his pack. He also pulled out a blanket and set it aside. He put on the hat, shirt and glasses before wrapping his shield in the blanket. He squared off the edges making it look like it was neatly folded up, then he strapped the shield to his pack, it rested right against his back. He walked past an old shop window and was glad to note that he looked like an ordinary transient. Easily overlooked. He did not know exactly where he was going to go next but he definitely knew he had to get out of the city.
"Tony, I have a visual on a few of the machines producing the gaping hole of death." Hawkeye said over the coms.
“Hey, hey, hey, it’s ok. I'm taking you back to the helicarrier myself.” Steve’s eyes widened significantly at this revelation.
"Eyes on me, Steve, you're gonna want to see this." Tony smirked mischievously, his voice an erotic timber.
“Then it's settled. Steve trusted you. Went to stupidly insane lengths to make sure you were okay, to make sure you were safe. He’s rarely wrong right? Come on, if Steve, Captain fucking America says you’re good, you’re good.”
"None of that, Dumbass! You hear me? You do not get to give up, now! We are all going to keep fighting to the last possible second!" Barnes shouted at him from about two hundred meters away where he had been fighting off a group of doom bots that now lay dead at his feet.
“Good.” He said softly. “I’m going to make another adjustment.” He warned as he began to adjust some of the settings. “How does this feel?” He asked.
The second more slender silhouette handed over a worn leather bound book.  The first man snatched it away greedily.  He began to eagerly thumb through the book.  His expression morphed from giddy excitement to sour crossness.
He grabbed the sandwiches and they sat down at the table together. They ate in comfortable silence. Steve ate a bit faster than Tony, being as ravenous as he was. As Steve was focused on eating he didn’t catch Tony watching him with a look of adoration. Before the Captain could catch him he started a conversation.
Bucky didn’t answer but kept reading. His face took on a more serious expression as he began to read more intently. At that point Steve gave up and dropped his head back on the cement in dismay.
The child obeyed and got close to Steve. The Captain strapped one of the devices around the child’s hand.
All of the sudden, his vision blurred and he lurched violently to the right. Luckily the sudden shift made Rumlow miss his next attack. Bucky shook his head while sprinting away clear it. He didn’t have much stamina left. He was losing blood much more rapidly, now. He could actually feel it begin to drip down his legs. Bucky knew he was going to have to take a hit in order to incapacitate this guy. He just needed the right opening.
“I really wouldn’t have usually, I had successfully avoided going on it for years but Bucky had been rejected by a dame earlier that day, first time in a long time too, got slapped in the face and everything.” He laughed and continued,
Steve made the awful mistake once again of looking down at her puppy dog face. How was it even more intense than the previous one?!
His eyebrows rose. He wasn’t even sure he dreamt of anything at all. All he knew was that it wasn’t a nightmare.
“I’m watching you! You had better behave yourself, you got me? Or else you’re out of here.” She eyed him intently.
‘It’s fine.’ He thought. ‘The amnesia is temporary.’ He reminded himself. ‘What’s important is what to do with my time now.’ He sighed.
Tony Stark bit his lips typing swiftly as he inputted the last of the digits to an algorithm he created in an attempt to figure out the Rubik’s cube like mess that was the data mass Calamity handed to him. He waited with baited breath for the results, hoping desperately for a break. Alas, it was a failed attempt, yet again, as the negative readings flashed across the screen. He groaned miserably and ran his hands through his dark messy hair for the umpteenth time. He sucked in a deep breath and began tapping out the beat to the Led Zeppelin song currently playing before coming up with yet another possibility. He released his breath before he began typing away once more.
There was once a time in which he could not see the color red correctly. It always looked like a greenish gray color. Now, however, the hue was one of his favorites and he could not help but to truly admire how red appears so frequently in nature. Steve ran his fingers along the velvety soft petals reverently.
“Oh my dear, you amuse me so.”  She laughed.  “Which is why I feel the profound need to apologize to you.”  She declared earnestly.
As he got closer to the ground below he pressed his legs to the side of the support beam and launched himself away from the towering structure in something like a horizontal jump. It altered his trajectory enough to reduce his agonizing impact with the asphalt. He landed nearly clear into the street. People around him started screaming.
He took a deep breath and gave Harker yet another well-deserved glare at the same time wondering if he could catch the fat man before the Winter Soldier caught him. Unfortunately, his question was answered as a dense body collided with his own.
Oh no. God no. He felt his heart drop to the pit of his stomach. He felt sick that he had automatically jumped to that conclusion. And worse yet, that meant that the kisses they shared after, on Tony's part, were absolutely genuine. Steve felt nauseated and horrified that he had only kissed Tony back to manipulate him. Even if Anük was pulling the strings, it didn't stop the fact that he did it.
After ignoring Bucky’s subsequent response at calling our genius a Dumbass again under his breath Tony placed the device on the back of the soldier’s neck right at the base of his skull.
Tony had a very difficult time bringing himself to do that last part, however. He vehemently insisted that he was the one that needed to set the device on Steve but had avoided it till now.
“Bucky, it was my choice. I wanted to spend what time I had left making sure you’re going to be okay. I wanted to save you like I-“ He swallowed thickly. “Like I couldn’t before.” He said finally choking back to sob.
Twas nearly two hours later, Tony finished the altercations to his programs and was seeking out a decent cup of liquid gold.
“It’s because you are a good man, plain and simple.” Tony stated resolutely. “Of the few times Steve had ever opened up about you he had nothing but fond and admirable things to say. I can tell, you were his hero. Imagine that, Captain America’s hero. Not to mention the stories I’ve heard Natasha tell.”
Tony sighed heavily, there was no getting out of this. The bastard had probably watch the security footages anyway.
“It’s such a shame though, that Captain America met with such an untimely fate. You’ll be next though, I promise!” The Rhododendron shouted.
He grabbed a small cupcake and stuffed it in his mouth in an attempt to distract himself from his emotions.
He didn’t need him to finish that sentiment. Tony knew what he was talking about. If only he had pulled his head out of his ass long enough. In the end Tony didn’t risk his heart. Not really. He could make excuse after excuse as to why he put it off. But in the end he was still too much of a coward.
He’d done it again, mentioned Steve offhandedly without even really thinking about it, only to realize too late and have it all crashed back on him. He had been doing a good job, keeping himself busy enough not to think about him, then bam. It always finds a way to sneak up on him.
“After Dr. Banner contacted me I had taken it upon myself to seek out the potential suspect using Cerebro. Had the suspect been a mutant I would have seen it.” The professor concluded.
Now this threw Steve a little, he was sure this man was a genius and what genius did not know the year?
“Indeed, if we were not in such a hurry I would have suggested we have a pint.” Thor stated wistfully.
There are still a few surprises to reveal yet. So, keep on reading! I hope you all stay with me till the end. ;P I love all you guys who are still here with me! Thank you so much and please don’t forget to leave a review.
Tony began flying around the perimeter of the battlefield. He began launching tiny devices and landing them in strategic locations. When the last one was in place a containment field was activated.
He groaned audibly. "Sorry Babydoll, I'm fine, really. Just distracted." He said as he turned off the burner and began to plate up their food.
They sat down comfortably and had Jarvis send up some snack items. Fruits, meats, cheeses and crackers were among the foods laid out before them. They were easy finger foods so they could eat at their leisure and not be pressured to eat anything more than a single cracker if that is the absolute smallest amount either could keep down.
Now, however, there was a whole new level of complexity to the circumstances that he did not understand. After what Natasha told him and the footages he viewed, he knew something else entirely was wrong. But, for the life of him he could not figure it out. Steve left for a specific reason, whether it was because of Tony or another reason entirely, he needed answers.
Steve sighed deeply and grabbed Bucky’s hands off of his shoulders. He held them in his own hands and noted the difference in temperature. He looked back up to his brother’s face intending to engrave every detail into his memory. Steve looked deep into his eyes and was truly thankful to have him here with him this very moment. Bucky’s gaze was searching. He desperately wanted answers but allowed Steve to take time to gather his thoughts.
"Anyway, I just wanted you to know that I did it, Steve. I figured out how to stop Calamity. Everybody is going to be okay. All our friends, everyone. So, you can rest easy now knowing that. I hope.
“Dr. Banner please summarize the victims’ conditions.” The Director ordered still slightly irritated by Tony’s snarkyness.
They quickly followed after Johnny.  They arrived to the kitchen to see Sue hunched over Reed’s still body, crying hysterically.
Tony's mind came to a screeching halt and his heart skipped a beat as the jolt of agonizing recognition ripped through his body down to his soul.
Suddenly, much to his surprise, the odd mysterious suit of armor flashed into his mind. It was the most gorgeous hue of red, he felt. It had just the right touches of gold and felt somehow like something Royal, not so much flashy, not entirely, but something more grand and powerful with an adamant statement. A proclamation of sorts.
Sending Dumm-E valiantly into the fray, armed with the celestial decimating weapon was the pentacle of unpredictable. One of Tony stark's most beautiful definitions.
That chill in his spine morphed into full on electricity. His lungs constricted and his heart beat wildly. He threw a hand over his erratically beating heart as Calamity’s words echoed around in his mind again and again like a never-ending hurricane.
“I’m sorry but it’s just not that easy for me to accept.  You heard what Thor said yesterday, no cure.  No cure.  If one of us gets caught, that’s it, kaput.”  Stated a distraught Clint.
God, he could not wrap his mind around any of it. She had her hands draped over her stomach lovingly. The ring on her left hand caught his attention. It was his grandmother’s wedding band. It was one of the few possessions of his mother he had left. Now Peggy wears it.
A/N: And welcome back everyone! Sorry it took so long for me to get this out, Endgame fucked me up in more ways than one (see authors note at the end for explanation). But I’m back and ready to finish this!
“Oooh so strong!” The drunk genius’s shouted as he started running his hands over the Captains strong biceps.
“And a punctured lung with four broken ribs accompanying it. They have been set and are also in the mend. Only five others are bruised. That was quite the attack Captain.” She stated with a sorry smile.
Now he was brooding alone in his studio.  Mulling over everything.  As it was Xavier took his X-Men on a mission.  They left sometime yesterday after the assassination to follow a lead on Calamity, leaving the Avengers to deal with Shield responsibilities.  Despite being on radio silence there were some cases they just could not ignore.  But Fury was still casting a smokescreen over the Calamity case.
“No, I mean it’s kinda shocking, you know? My best pal fancies men. Because I did not see that coming and yeah, back in 1945 I would have been creeped out a bit but after everything that has happened in the last seventy years? I really don’t care.” He replied running a hand through his hair pulling it out of his face.
No matter how hard he was desperately trying to deny it, a very large part of himself actually did want to kiss Tony.  Wanting the genius’s words that were likely a joke to be very serious.  For the longest time he had been trying to deny that these feelings stirring inside him were nothing but a figment of his imagination.  But after experiencing the incredibly strong desire to kiss his best friend he could no longer ignore what was happening.
Tony was glad the Professor had brought such ideas to the table.  It had been eating away at him after contacting Thor that he would be of little use in this situation.  But working on creating a piece of machinery that can help aid them in any way even if he has to do it with someone else is exactly where he wants to be on this case.
“Jesus fucking Christ Tony! You really did stage a prison break!” Clint shouted disbelievingly from his perch in the pilot seat.
Steve shook it merrily. "Thank you, considering the projects I've got planned, I'll be returning soon." He smiled and turned to make his way out the door.
Everyone stood there in pregnant silence, staring at each other. It felt almost like an eternity before someone spoke up.
Steve had consumed him completely, mind, body and soul. No one could ever take his place in his heart. Surely Steve must know that he wouldn’t, couldn’t be capable of straying.
“Yeah, it’s too bad you’re banging Tony now, and here I still thought I had a shot.” Darcy replied mournfully.
Tony wanted to smirk when he just barely caught the moment Barnes mouthed 'Bucky', his now instantaneous response to anyone trying to call him by any other name. However, he was unable to retort out loud considering the chance of igniting Natasha's ire.
He just barely grabbed the ledge of the window.  He nearly slipped as darkness obscured his vision.  He was barely hanging on with his right hand.  He tried to haul himself over the window but every time he used his legs to assist him he howled in agony.
“He isn’t.” Pietro interjected. “You should have seen the shit storm he tried to create. We almost could not stop him.”
He finished off the last of his tea before it gesturing for Peter to follow him. He led him through the compound until they came to a room that was Steve’s art studio. The Captain let the young man in and let him scope of place out. As Peter was going through some work he hadn’t seen yet Steve allowed himself to get lost in thought.
His attention suddenly diverted from Steve’s eyes to his pink tongue.  The Captain had started to lick the fudge off of his spoon in a very provocative manner.  Tony was practically scandalized.  His pants had become quite uncomfortable yet again.  In an effort to distract himself from his erotic thoughts the genius started to quickly consume the last of his sundae.
She paused and looked out into the distance pensively. "I do not recall if I have a name. I have been known by many titles these past eons, I never really thought to keep one."
He had the soldier pinned to the asphalt. He was putting up one hell of a storm of a struggle, but Steve was adamant to see what was behind the mask. He knew once he found out there was no going back. That the answer he sought would surely destroy him. However, he decided that not knowing was infinitely worse. He wasn’t going to let this soldier slipped through his fingers, not this time.
“Alright got it.  You should go get changed, it’s a bit nippy out there, especially if you’re riding with me.”  Tony winked at him obnoxiously.
“I have JARVIS keeping me updated on the cases. Since I think around the eighth reported case I’ve been keeping track. Only now is the media making the connection to pretty much all of the recent coma cases on the east coast. People dropping in Main then Georgia, Florida and Virginia. All with the same symptoms.” He said as he pulled up news reports and patient confidential information (leave it to Tony to illegally have confidential patient information).
Barnes stood up quickly to face Tony. He remained close to the wall, however. He was in a near state of shock.
“Ahh. Exactly what I wanted to hear.” She patted the cushion next to her indicating for Steve to sit back down. He reluctantly obeyed.
Steve thought he could kiss Tony forever.  Somehow this was the most at peace his heart has felt in well…  Nearly a century.
“I don’t like this Tony. What could possibly cause something like this? Is it a new super virus? Is it unregistered technology? Could it be the works of an alien or mutant or or…”
"I'm sorry. I didn't know what was happening most of the time and in the end, I just couldn't stay." He admitted.
It has been almost two hours since the Avengers learned about the doom bringing Calamity. Thor had discussed with Steve what to expect regarding their journey to Asgard. He explained briefly how the Bifrost works and how to conduct himself accordingly to whom ever they were speaking with.
“Oh no! You do not get to shut me out!” She shouted, grabbing his wrists and making him look up at her. He moaned pathetically.
It seemed to tear its attention to the distance behind it. Then Tony heard what must have caught his attention.
Bruce was shaking violently while Natasha tearfully was trying to keep Bruce calm. Xavier and Thor were both stone silent and Fury promptly fainted.
"He exists to me! I can't think straight, and I can't tell you why, but I know he's out there somewhere and I love him!"
“But how?  How would me knowing make me die?”  Steve looked at Charles apprehensively.  “If I knew would someone try to kill me?  Would I simply kill over? Would my head explode?  How?”  He tried to project his desperation through his thoughts, hoping the telepath would understand why he needed this.
Maria flew in in a frenzy practically screaming that she had found something. This particular piece if information might be the most crucial piece of info they had at present.
He stopped. The closer he got the more he was able to make out the fine details of his long-lost best friend. Like the way he was hunched over staring at his clasped hands in his lap. Steve could see the strain on his face but was happy to note that he was stable and in one piece.
Steve stood in the middle of the barn lost. Why was he in here? Did he come to grab something? Why the heck did his cheek feel tingly and his wrist itched like the dickens?
"Good, the mission went smoothly. I haven't had an episode since… You know." He used his left hand to gesture nonchalantly.
“Oh come now, don’t stop on my account.”  Calamity chuckled from where she was standing, rifling through some of Steve’s paintings.
There was no telling how truly formidable Harker was. If he had managed to hack and infiltrate Hydra, Von Doom, Stark Industries and likely Shields servers, then he could potentially have access to any number of classified dangerous data all over the world. Not just any dangerous classified data, but devastating weapons data.
“Oh no, I don’t want anything.  Just for these kids to grow up happy and healthy.”  He said with an awkward smile.
“You asked where I wanted to eat, and I want to eat good old fashioned American Food.  Just find a place nearest here that makes the best bacon cheeseburger and we will go.”  Steve stated resolutely.
He crash landed heavily about fifty meters from where he started. He sat up quickly and analyzed the threshold for the pseudo-void himself.
Another shot rang out and a bullet glanced off of his shield. Eek! He was supposed to keep moving! He had to get off the roofs.
He had to find him first! He just had to. Steve was just about to go into panic mode, but he could sense everybody getting ready to take him down. He saw the glint in a Natasha’s eyes. He had to remain calm and come up with a plan.
As the elevator made its way up, Tony looked over to Bucky. He was hard to read, surely he was still in severe pain but he showed no hint of it. He could tell that he began to bleed through in a few spots. Tony suspected that he probably already tore some stitches.
“Oh? Is that an order, Sergeant? You should know I don’t take orders well.” Tony snarked as he activated the wand.
“It really is the end of the world.” Tony gulped and unlatched the steel case. He shook his head to purge his ominous thoughts then cleared his throat. “Okay.” He began. The others pulled up stools and a workbench making themselves comfortable. “This is the first step, the preliminary skeletal design. Its primary purpose is to get a good look at how the bone anchors and cybernetics will hold up. Technically, it’s fully functional and can work perfectly well for everyday use, but definitely won’t hold up well during battle.”
“That’s true, what if she told Tony he was wrong because he actually is close to finding an answer?” This response came from Maria that just came through the door with Jane in tow.
'Heh, he said my name... why does it sound so fucking good coming from him?' was The Captains last thought as he fully relaxed and allowed himself to fall into nothingness.
“Unfortunately I cannot tell you, it would be like giving away the ending to a long and wonderful story.” She replied wistfully.
to say he was nervous was an understatement. The moment he walked through the doors it felt like world was watching him. Mercifully being so early in the morning it was most empty save for the staff and early birds taking care of business.
He could see his team relax significantly in the corner of his eye. Even Natasha was standing down. His full attention was brought back to Tony as the genius began to kiss him, in front of everyone!!
“Yes, please do. It’s the perfect way to simulate exactly how you would react in battle. That way I can tweak and make adjustments to any flaws I overlooked to accommodate your fighting style. Also, don’t sweat it if it breaks. I want to know its limitations.” Tony explained.
Everyone looked at the professor disbelievingly. They were silent for a moment while the news sunk in. Clint was the first to break the silence.
That means Steve was going to have to rely on his sharp senses. He slowed down a bit and tried to focus.
“Yes.  After what happened your mind has been hopelessly out of my reach.”  He answered, his stricken expression never leaving his face.
“What are you saying!? What do you mean ‘what time you have left??’” He demanded almost shrilly, grabbing onto Steve’s shoulders. It took so much effort not to shake the answer out of him.
“I believe Mr. Stark is onto something.  At this point in time we cannot afford to quickly rule anything out.  To me it makes sense that a penetrator of minds such as this alien foe would choose minds that have had havoc, chaos and true evil thrust upon them.  Such minds would be much more susceptible to such an assault.  In the meantime, I think it would be a wise idea to find out what exactly is going on in their heads.  If I may, Director,” Xavier motioned to Fury silently asking for permission to continue.
It was a tiny humanoid-esk crystal-like figure with wings. Some of his team members that had managed to shake off their initial shock had tentatively moved closer to get a look at what Tony was now holding.
“Rumlow.” Tony breathed out and Rumlow’s smirk widened to a feral grin as he pointed a gun at them. Both raised their arms slowly.
“That might actually be up for debate depending on who you talk to. But I’m going to go with a definitely not.” Tony smirked hopping out of the chair.
Steve watched and studied her face intently as she began to dig through her various folders picking out her favorites. Steve tried as hard as he could to commit every detail into memory. He desperately hoped the next time he was meant to lose his memory that there would be no way in hell he could forget her.
"That's right, Stark!" The Rhododendron sneered. "It's not just spatial, it's dimensional!" He cried gleefully as a black chrysalis ejected out of the blackhole and collided with the pavement next to Iron Man.
It’s not like he and Tony could have ever been together anyway even if Calamity didn’t happen. Tony was just too fickle. Just because Steve love Tony didn’t mean Tony felt the same.
She pulled away slowly and looked up into his eyes. She gave him something of a wry sympathetic smile, letting him know she understood what he was feeling. She patted his cheek then bounded off after Barnes.
After taking the stand they encircled each other looking one another squarely in the eye, daring anybody to back down from the silent declaration of duty, honour and heroism.
Tony growled as he tapped his forehead against the glass tube that now housed his new suit. He was so sure that the Calamity case was nearly solved, that this whole nightmare was almost over. He had figured out the code, built the desynthization program. All devices except one had been deployed, he only needed to set the timer and of course place the last device on Steve.
“A bit young I think, but they really do seem to love each other. It’s such a shame though… I could see the way she looked at Ellie. She really loves children, it’s so unfortunate that she won’t be able to have children of her own.” She replied conversationally.
"Oh? Me trying to claim all the living souls on your planet wasn't exhilarating enough for you? How do people normally meet within your race?"
“What was that you idiot!?” She wailed as he punched him five times in the arm to emphasize each word.
Fury was beside himself with, well, fury. As he watched everyone hustle about the room his eyes fell upon the seemingly lifeless victims lying upon gurneys, whilst wires hooked them to copious machines that monitored, calculated, and beeped. Those victims were his agents and he is responsible for them. They were definitely showing the same symptoms as the other 73.
Because of this odd relationship they had developed Barnes had apparently found himself trusting our genius, as an evidence of his adamant decision in trusting no one but Tony to handle and oversee his horrific and traumatizing operations to get a new battle-ready arm. Trust and believe, after everything Sergeant James Buchanan Barnes had gone through, the operations would indeed be horrific and traumatizing. Tony, in good conscience, could not, would not leave him alone for that. Especially because the soldier needed to stay completely conscious through the entire thing. And of course, it’s the way Steve would have wanted it…
"Of course not, Sir, you volunteered." A voice sounded from the device that Steve realized must have been a high tech com-unit.
Then the small child Tony began to play Moonlight Sonata. The whole thing was so shocking and beautiful it nearly brought our Captain to tears.
She proudly held up a drawing she did their little family. Steve stared at the drawing shocked. The skill level displayed in the drawing was that of a 12-year-old or at least Steve thought that’s around where his skill level was when he was 12. Eleanor couldn’t have been more than seven years old. Already she was an artistic protégé. It depicted Steve holding onto Peggy with Eleanor delightfully wedged between them as she grinned widely while embracing Peggy’s round middle.
Before he even began to realize it he had drawn that farmhouse of old once more.  As soon as he realized what he had produced he sighed.
"I did not say what the price would be? How did you not know? I told you from the start I wanted the souls. How did you not suspect where offering your soul would lead you?"
They walked on for a time in silence enjoying each other's company and the ice cream. Steve laughed when they had finished at the same time, both munching on the cone delightedly. Ellie sided up to Steve and grabbed his right arm nuzzling it. Steve smiled and pulled her close as he walked on.
“I guess it’s good that I can get back on track but what I still don’t get is why Nat got so bent out of shape over this. You know she threatened to put a bullet in my head? Like three times.” Tony whined.
“It’s always nightmares.” Barnes continued in a whisper. “Every night and day nightmares. It’s always the same, always remembering what Hydra did to me and subsequently what I did to others.” He said darkly.
This flight was a thousand times more awkward than the last one. Everyone was desperately trying to avoid whole keystone elephant in the room thing. It frustrated Steve to no end.
There was no scent or sound or trace of the man anywhere. There were no tracks in the gravel, no other discernible disturbances. He could tell something as insignificant as the paperboy having come and gone but could not find any traceable evidence of the man. It irked Steve to no end.
He found a tree not far from the road and sat under it. He didn’t really think of anything in particular. He just sat and watched the world live. We watched the clouds move in the sky which was still changing colors. He noted that it was turning from gorgeous golden hues to the brilliant illustrious blue. A small breeze formed and gently caressed his skin and lightly played with his golden hair. The zephyr also pranced through the field of wildflowers, making all of the beautiful splashes of color dance and sway to a tender melody.
"But- but my Lady! I'm so close! If you could just open the rift again, we could win!" He pleaded hysterically.
Tony walked in with that superior cocky air about him that usually pisses people off immediately.  However, Steve knows he does that to stay confident and in control when he’s unsure of himself or nervous.  He finds it ironic that Tony’s approach, meant to put people off, only served to make Steve more relieved.  He’s glad to know Tony was just as uncomfortable as he was.
Steve nodded in affirmation. He was incredibly thankful to be of use even as a potential pack rat, but at the same time wholy concerned about traveling to a distinct galaxy to do so. It is truly incredible, the thought.
“Eleanor, darling, Daddy is right in front of you. You do not need to shout.” Peggy admonished the child.
Hours turned to days and the number of victims has grown exponentially. The number is deep into the hundreds and the media is in a frenzy. Tony had made little progress in his desinthysisaion simulations. At the very least the simulated patience aren’t blowing up, imploding or turning into goo anymore, that’s something at least.
So, as they settled down into a well-worn and immensely comfortable leather couch in Tony’s lab the genius put on the third film of the original Star Wars trilogy insisting on rectifying Steve’s pop-culture ignorance. Ten minutes into the film Tony was out like a light leaning heavily on Steve shoulder. Twenty minutes in and Tony had found his way onto Steve lap and the Captain didn’t have the heart to move him.
