“I’ll try my best,” Cas promised and then proceeded to cringe the very second the car thudded through a pothole in the road. Already the path was dangerously slick with rain and muddy puddles that gave him little to no perception of their depths, and the windscreen fogged up from the heater but he wouldn’t dare risk Dean getting hyperthermia from the cold. He would have to be as swift as possible without hindering his caution, which was never an easy feat.
A short (and very late) chapter update, but this story is rapidly approaching its end. This will be the year I resume my stories and hopefully finish them all, and I hope you are as eager to read them as I am to write them. :)
Castiel was trying hard to understand. It all seemed so easy when he was an angel: there was always a duty to work, someone important to protect or a problem to solve. It made sense to do those things when his species dictated that was the purpose he was there to serve. Even when he rebelled for the Winchesters he just tied himself to a new mission and committed his time and attention to keeping them alive. But since becoming mortal, he had realised that humans weren’t programmed the same way. They weren’t created to do any one thing and freedom came as a natural desire that so often seemed just within reach.
“Oh dear lord, are you going to start reciting poetry or something?” Dean wrinkled his nose in mock disgust.
Dean kissed him then, his lips soft and gentle. His hands rested at the dip of Cas’ lower back, and Cas, awestruck, automatically put his arms around Dean’s neck. He held Dean close, deepening the kiss—perhaps a little too eagerly as Dean’s back hit the kitchen counter with a clang of the stacked pots and pans tumbling over from the impact.
to lose. He imagined how good it would feel to simply fold beneath his own forbidden will, to just allow his vision to irreversibly blur and to see exactly what he wanted. To see Cas without the burden of deep down knowing it was someone else.
Dean blinked but saw nothing but white dots in his vision and he finally forced himself to move. He shifted on his knees and felt along the dirt for Sam or Castiel. Instead, his hand found metal and he took hold of the demon knife. He clutched onto it for dear life and listened to the faint breeze in his ears.
Cas nodded wisely and switched out the cassette tapes so he had something to do with his hands. Neither of them had been paying any mind to the music though since that first song ended. Dean was still on Castiel’s mind, and he wondered if he was on Dean’s. The hunter appeared almost at ease again with his posture softening and easing back comfortably against the seat, with one hand dropped away from the wheel and instead rested casually on his knee. Castiel mimicked him and leaned his shoulder against the car door.
“I knew,” Dean confirmed in admittance. “It felt wrong not to leave it there, you know? I wanted to keep it safe where he wanted it.”
“The way I hear it, you two hit monster land and hot wings here took off. I figure he owes you some backstory.”
It was a lot to take in at once, each flavour battling for dominance over his taste buds, and he decided he liked it. As he took another few bites, the fillings started to slip out from the bread and fell onto his plate. Dean made what could only be described as a sound of distress and forced himself to swallow before he was really done chewing.
“I’d beg to differ,” Dean smirked. His thighs tightened around Castiel. Impatiently, he pulled Cas’ shirt off and actually ripped a hole in one of the seams. He dropped the torn shirt to the floor and fumbled with Castiel’s belt. “Don’t even bother getting dressed,” Dean said, tugging the belt free, “I want you all the fucking time.”
“Oh, that one is for me,” Dean said, grinning like a silly schoolboy as he reached over and took it out of Castiel’s hands and tossed it into the backseat. “Though feel free to borrow it if you want.”
It had been the first time meeting again in person since he’d left. The visit was far too short-lived, without even the briefest of moments to embrace let alone kiss or speak words outside of following portals. It hadn’t been intimate or at all personal. The ‘I freaking love you’ had been uttered to the empty space where Castiel had been standing only seconds prior. Though, Dean had later received a voice message that said only;
“I’m good, but thanks,” Dean protested stubbornly. He shifted awkwardly, his cheeks flushing a little red.
Yet here they were: naked together with Dean’s arm circling his waist, his fingers tracing the contours of his back, with the marks of each other’s lips on their bodies.
When Dean resumed his nightly visits to Castiel’s room at night, Castiel greeted him with a soft smile and a kiss. Not once did the greeting feel tainted by Dean’s somewhat erratic and irritating behaviour. Not once did Castiel opt to distance himself, putting a defined space between them. If anything, he tried to cognize what it would be to stand in Dean’s shoes, and he likely sought an explanation from Sam to better be able to do that.
And Dean didn’t find out for what seemed like the longest time, but when he did, he wished he had never found out at all.
“I don’t know, Cas. How bout you tell me? I would’ve thought that you would have a better understanding of the concept of time… you know, being an ex-angel and living for millennia and all that,” Dean nudged Castiel’s side, amused.
Cas was as relieved to be here as he was afraid. He hesitated to knock on the door. He knew he should but still dreaded what he would find inside. Somehow, despite it all, he still found himself delaying the inevitable. Time did not favour him or the angels. The longer he waited the more the world was cast into chaos. He knew this. Yet, his untethered human emotions made it harder to act on instruction or wisdom alone. His once unwavering commitment and fearlessness had vanished with his stolen grace.
Dean’s heart sank a little. He swore he could feel it breaching his stomach, the beat churning his insides and threatening to make him ill.
“Sorry,” Sam murmured and started to take more care, depositing the dishes into the sink one at a time. All that could be heard was the gentle slosh of water and soap. “Hungover?”
As Dean urged him to drink more water and endlessly kissed and caressed his skin, his own illuminated lantern couldn’t quite reach the depths of Castiel’s hollow centre, and the light very barely graced the dark edges. Cas knew Dean was trying, even if Dean himself didn’t quite know it yet. But he’d realise soon enough. And he’d just as soon see how pointless his efforts were, and how wasted his time was.
After Cas showered, he wrapped himself in a towel and treaded back to his room, only to find his bed made with fresh sheets and blankets, his pillowcases switched out for brand new ones. When he heard the faint rustling of movement, he peeked his head around the corner and witnessed Sam retreating from the bathroom he had just vacated: Cas’ dirty clothes clasped in his arms. Cas felt a quick pang of guilt. The boys had been gone for a little over a week, assumedly sleeping for only a couple hours at a time, hunting tirelessly for whichever awful creature had been taunting the town and killing innocent civilians. They had been busy saving lives, and Cas had been moping on his own.
Castiel somehow doubted that, but he decided not to argue or question Dean. Whatever this plan was, it made Dean happy, and that was the main thing. At least Dean had these small things to tide over his anxieties whenever Castiel was too far gone to help. Whenever Cas lost himself, Dean had Sam and the inside jokes they shared with another. Cas smiled sheepishly and made sure the plastic was set firmly in place before standing.
And he thought that maybe this onset of sudden and intense apprehension was nothing more than a fear of doing something wrong. It was inexplicable. Confusing. But it occurred to him that he didn’t want to sing purely because he thought he would get the words wrong. There seemed to be something blasphemous in that. Like he would be committing a major disservice to what was now his own kind. He thought how this may have stemmed from this ever-present belief that he didn’t belong here… or—anywhere, for that matter.
Thanks for reading, guys! I hope you liked this chapter (took me forever to write haha.) Let me know what you thought and I hope you're looking forward to more.
“And Cas? We try to ship the god squad back upstairs, and what do we do with him?” Dean asked tentatively.
more. Dean had become a captive of his vices, and Sam could only ever watch and agonize over what his big brother was doing to himself.
Dean who was now lost to the world; first holding onto Castiel, then the bedsheets, and then Cas again. His hands found Castiel’s arms and clawed at his skin as he cursed aloud and arched his back against the bed.
He had asked uncertainly. Dean, with his forefinger and thumb pinching the bridge of his nose, his eyes shut tight, shook his head, discomfited by the whole ordeal.
Dean sighed and considered the truth to his words. Before he could say anything though, his phone started to ring. In a panic, Dean pulled over to the side of the road without slowing down and skidded to a sudden stop all at once. They both jolted forward in their seats and Sam caught himself with a hand against the dashboard. Dean dug his phone out from his pocket and answered it breathlessly, barely taking the time to recognise Castiel’s caller id on the screen.
“Only a little,” Dean admitted, “I’ve been worse. But… thanks for letting me crash. If it ever happens again, just know you’re free to kick me out if you want.”
“I guess not,” Cas mumbled and slowly got out of the car. There was no denying his allure to Dean, or how it had grown even stronger at the sight of him half undressed and so assertive and vivacious.
,” Castiel explained, “and aside from that, she was there for me when I woke up in that hospital. She was kind and beautiful—”
Dean looked up from his computer screen when he heard Sam’s approaching footsteps. Absently, he picked up his bottle of beer and drank the remainder of it in two swigs, and then turned his attention to his strung-out brother. Sam sank into the chair across from him, his body deflating in exhaustion and hopelessness, and looked to Dean pleadingly. For days now Sam had been coming and going from the basement, disappearing for an hour or two at a time as he tried unsuccessfully to speak with Castiel. The angel was simply disinterested in conversation, and, apparently, held his tongue no matter what Sam said. Nothing was enough to issue a response, though, to be quite honest, Dean didn’t know what Sam had tried—he hadn’t cared enough to ask, and had refused to listen whenever Sam brought it up on his own accord. Dean had meant it when he said he had no intention to play any part in this messed up prisoner interrogation; not when the prisoner was Castiel.
“Yeah,” Cas agreed. He lied. His entire body protested at the effort, but he masked his discomfort with a forced yawn.
Castiel reached out and placed his hand on Dean’s shoulder in the dark. He hoped that the sensation Dean’s touch brought to him could also be given in return. Maybe then Dean would well and truly believe that Cas never wished to go—that Castiel was nothing but truthful when he said that he always appreciated the time he and Dean spent together. That he would miss him.
Dean hadn’t had a drink in two weeks. He could barely remember going a day without even just a swig of something, whether it be whiskey or beer or something he couldn’t name from a suspicious, unlabelled bottle. He’d long since grown accustomed to the withdrawals that followed total sobriety, and he was all the more accustomed to dealing with them the only way he knew how: by drinking.
Cas opened his mouth to apologise once more but he stopped himself. Instead, he breathed—a great and pronounced breath that made him choke.
“Anyway,” Sam continued on after a minute of uncomfortable silence. “We’re trying to devise a way we can track the Nephilim. If we can find him then maybe we can find the portals or even stop them altogether.”
A small part of him found it funny and his mouth twitched into the minutest hint of a smile, but the bigger part of him was still hung up on the rude awakening that he hadn’t wanted or needed, and so he didn’t give Dean the benefit of a response. But when he tried to think about something else, only one thing came to mind. Though he had fallen asleep without his usual self-loathing first, his dreams had still been flooded with nightmares that had kept him tossing and turning throughout the night; the only evidence of his restlessness being the state of his blankets and sheets the next day.
Dean cleared his throat and finally stood. There was an imperceptible tremor in his left knee as he made way for the door and he could barely feel any sensation in his hand as he reached for the handle.
Dean had witnessed Cas survive against the odds time and time again, sometimes outright bad-assing his way out of a tough situation. So it easy to forget sometimes that Cas wasn’t invulnerable. He could be hurt, or killed. Just one false move and an angel blade could slide between his ribs, or pierce through his heart. Dean wasn’t a stranger to angel deaths; the whole bright flash of fading grace and the dark shadow of wings permanently burnt onto the ground. But he still couldn’t picture Castiel’s lifeless body in another angel’s place.
“I wish I knew,” Dean said dejectedly. “I keep trying to remember. Sometimes I think it’s come back to me, but then I’m never sure. And I don’t want to spend the rest of my life thinking the wrong words.”
Castiel suddenly grabbed Dean’s arm in alarm. His cheeks were puffed out like a chipmunks', making his lips tighten and eyes strain. Dean couldn’t help himself. His quiet snickering evolved into a proper fit of giggles and then unrestrained, boisterous laughter.
“Hey,” Dean said sharply. Cas jumped, startled, before shrinking in on himself, his shoulders slumping so he looked small, unassuming and very weak. “Right now, you can’t see yourself clearly. But I can.
“Good. That means you can get up now,” Dean smirked, obviously feeling smug and satisfied. “The car is leaving in three minutes. If you’re not in your seat in time, then I’m leaving you behind. Capiche?”
“Yeah. Just, uh, setting a few things straight.” Cas replied quickly, once again standing to attention, sweeping the dense conversation under the rug as if it had never happened.
Cas looked to Dean who seemed more relaxed than before, but his fingers fidgeted on the steering wheel and he gnawed on his lip. Once or twice Cas saw the hunter open his mouth and then close it again, as though he was lost for words. Cas too didn’t know what to say. He turned back to the window, resting his arm against the door.
The two armies clashed, causing lightning to strike overhead, which was promptly followed by a thunderous echo that almost deafened Dean. It was a flurry of bodies swarming together, moving so swiftly that it became impossible to follow who was who, and more impossible still to determine which of the two hoards was winning the battle. There were brief flashes of silver as angel blades were used to strike the demons dead, and bright explosions of blue as the angels exerted their power against their enemies. But there too came an abundance of dancing red and black as the demons tore into their foes.
Once out in the open, Dean’s free hand sought Castiel’s and slipped easily into his loose grasp. His calloused palm was warm against Cas’ cool skin and their fingers intertwined. Cas squeezed back and turned his attention to the window.
Dean shuffled in closer, his eyes closed and lips parted, almost as though he was already on the verge of sleep. Peering at Dean’s watch, Cas realised it was only three in the morning, a couple hours earlier than Dean’s usual time of visitation. Something had brought him from the comfort of his own bed to instead settle himself in the confined, overly warm space of Castiel’s.
“Free me!” Castiel commanded. He shook his cuffed hands in front of Dean, his blue eyes clouding over with untethered ferocity and inconceivable brutality—the look of his piercing stare was murderous. A pure and terrifying rage that threatened to kill them all. Dean was suddenly genuinely afraid of him.
Dean ignored him and tried to focus on the news article he was attempting to read for the third time. Somehow his eyes still glazed over the words and he found himself staring at the same sentence without taking it in. He knew it was pointless. He knew there was nothing to find though he desperately wanted there to be. Dean wanted an excuse to leave for a while; to take his frustrations out on something without the burden of guilt He wanted to hurt something, because perhaps then he himself could stop feeling. Even if only for a little while. With his mind on a hunt, he often found he could get through most anything—it was the drive that kept him going when he really just wanted to stop.
“Err, you should—,” Dean started, sidling in a little closer. Something meaningful glistened in his eyes, and he moved with definitive motive. Dean knew what he was doing and what he wanted. Cas, however, was far too perplexed to imagine what that could be. They both heard a door opening down the hall and Dean swiftly stepped backward, using one hand to scratch awkwardly at his chin. “—Use less conditioner next time,” Dean blurted, visibly wincing. His voice echoed down the hall.
Cas felt the tremors of carnal instinct overthrow him, his grip on Dean’s body tightening with no plan to ever let go. When he could, he kissed Dean wherever he could reach: his back, his sides, between his shoulders—wanting to show him in every way he could that he wanted him more than he had ever wanted anything. As he thrust into Dean again, hitting something powerful and splendid deep inside him, Dean screamed.
In turn, the nightmares returned, ferocious in their torment and leaving him gasping for air and soaked in sweat. By the fifth day, his sheets needed to be washed, but he left them as they were. This, too, was something that held little to no importance. He thought about how much time humans spent washing sheets, making their beds with them, only to wash them again, and wondered how many days or weeks or months this would equal to in a single lifetime. And he wondered why it should matter. It seemed fruitless to do anything that would inevitably be undone. In truth, he considered giving up television as well—unplugging everything and remaining motionless in the dark. If only he could sleep the days away.
Instead, as Dean finally touched the sleeve of Castiel’s trench coat, the angel struck him with a single back hand punch that sent him flying. The air was ripped from Dean’s lungs at the impact to his gut, and he landed, hard, some feet away. The back of his head collided with the base of a tree and immediately he could feel blood dripping through his hair. Lightheaded, he felt for the wound and his fingers came back warm and a slick, dark red, but he couldn’t tell the severity of his injury from touch alone. He saw the shadow of Castiel as he advanced on Sam, blade ready to strike with no hesitation or remorse—it didn’t seem to matter that they were human. Castiel had no regard for God’s creations. Sam and Dean were in the way, and Cas was not about to let that stand. Particularly after they had dragged him to a world so unlike his own.
Dean scoffed. He couldn’t contain his laughter this time, chuckling quietly and grinning despite himself. He sank back down into his seat, finally allowing himself to relax in Castiel’s presence. This felt easy. Too easy. A part of him knew he ought not to give into this without a fight. But he also knew, and Sam knew, he was already losing. The worst part was that he didn’t care. If anything, Dean
Cas didn’t like to think about it because it was hard to think about Dean that way without getting… well, hard.
thing?” Dean asked, stopping once again to peer out the window. There was now a vein starting to protrude from the skin of Dean’s forehead as he struggled to reel in his anger.
“Oh, I, uh, didn’t realise,” Cas stammered, his cheeks now red for a whole different reason. “I’m sorry, Dean. I’ll use less from now on.”
Dean’s touch turned harsh and his motions grew almost aggressive, giving Castiel everything he asked. But there lingered something far more genuine. Dean’s intensifying frustration was more than raw passion.
“Just promise me this, guys. Please, ask questions first and shoot later,” Sam insisted, “just the one time that I ask.”
Sam tossed the keys to the Impala into Dean’s lap. Dean jumped and nearly dropped his cup of coffee—laced with a dash or two of whiskey—on his legs. A little sloshed onto his thigh, burning him through his jeans, and he wiped at the stain with disdain.
“Cas! Seriously, if you don’t shut up I’ll have to find a way to make you,” Dean warned and leaned his head down onto Castiel’s shoulder. Cas tensed for a moment, taken aback at Dean’s sudden willingness to not only be in his vicinity, but also to be so close as to touch him. After a moment, Cas relaxed and slowed down as they turned off the path and back onto the main road.
“Dean, I need to stop,” he begged breathlessly, gripping Dean’s seat tightly in white-knuckled fists, “Please stop the car. I need air… I need…” He wasn’t sure what else he needed. To get out of that car, to splash his heated skin with cold water, to have Dean say something to him; anything at all.
Cas hummed again but he couldn’t open his eyes anymore. Dean’s story was the distraction he needed. Or rather, Dean’s voice was. It wouldn’t have mattered what Dean decided to talk about, because it wasn’t so much the words but rather the fact Dean was there to say them that made all the difference. Like having Dean there in the next bed the night before. Just having Dean nearby allowed him to forget his troubles.
Dean turned his attention back to the werewolf, offering up a sadistic smile, “You know what, Mutt? ... I believe you.”
Castiel looked at him again with that same intrigue and confusion that Dean had often seen in Cas. The same head tilt and furrowed brow and slightly puckered lips. For a moment, the wildness faded from his eyes, leaving them an innocent and honest blue. And only for a second, Dean swore he recognised a flicker of sympathy—but this quickly passed; so swiftly in fact that Dean believed he may have imagined it.
Dean took advantage of his exposed lips and kissed him gently. Castiel lazily kissed back, his hand instinctively reaching forward to find Dean and touched his bare chest. Only then did he become aware of their continued nakedness and the warmth of Dean’s leg pressed between his thighs. Were it not so early in the morning, he would have smiled.
make you feel better. I promise,” Dean said, again sounding sympathetic to Castiel’s alcohol-induced illness. “Don’t rush, yeah? Try to relax.”
Dean kissed him one more time before moving for the door. Castiel frowned and peered down at his feet, trying with his limited memory of the night before to recall just what had led to Dean sleeping so distant from him. To remember what it was that had enraged him so. And then he thought of something. Something he hadn’t understood at the time and still didn’t understand now.
And maybe it was just the prospect of being so close to him. To see him in the halls. To see his profile in Cas’ old doorway and to see the flash of his trench coat whenever he rounded the corner.
Despite the comfort and distraction of Dean’s affection, Castiel’s thoughts had already surpassed the bunker’s walls and were traversing the world outside them, picturing death and destruction in every direction. It wasn’t quite the mindset he could make love to, and so he took Dean’s touch as nothing more than innocent banter, which ceased eventually when Dean finished his food and got up to clean their plates.
Cas had expressed time and time again his doubts of an angel being able to pass through the portal meant only for the escape of human souls. He’d decided long before they’d found it that he wouldn’t be able to follow the hunter to freedom on the other side.
“Well, you know what they say… you get used to anything if you’re around it for long enough,” Dean glared intensely at his feet. He knew if he looked up he would see Castiel’s alluring curious expression. Dean couldn’t stand that. Not right now. He didn’t need to miss Cas more than he already did.
“How are you, man?” Dean asked, all earlier signs of elation completely gone—the smile had been effortlessly wiped from his face.
Dean was silent. His body tensed and his grasp on Castiel’s shoulder lifted as if infuriated by just the thought of touching him. Castiel clumsily sat up on one elbow and gazed down at Dean. His eyes were so hazed by liquor and exhaustion that he simply couldn’t see what he was looking for. He couldn’t read Dean’s expression or even try to make sense of what he had said wrong—that’s if he had actually said anything wrong at all.
Sam was lifted off his feet by the demon that somehow managed to tower over him. Their hand clasped tightly at his throat until his face began to turn red beneath his own blood. He struggled, tugging at the demon’s hand with weak fingers, his legs flailing and losing all sense of composure as his lungs became void of air.
Dean laughed quietly. Sadly. Sam knew of the pain, but not of the extent. There was no way he could—not when his love for Cas differed from Dean’s. His love was familial, a kinship; a best friends who would conquer the world for one another kind of love. Their love was sitting across from one another over open books, Sam with his third cup of coffee and Cas only halfway through his first. It was talking aimlessly for hours on end, Sam asking questions on science and history and philosophy, and Cas asking questions on literature and media and sociology.
What had he done to arouse so many doubts and concerns in the hunter, and how could he possibly dispel them?
“We’ll gank Metatron,” Dean promised, “hell, I’ll kill him with my bare hands if I have to; don’t you worry.”
Castiel was dizzy, his skin still prickling with intoxication, so he had to focus on the movement of his wrist now and his grip, dazedly concerned that maybe he was doing it wrong since he’d only ever touched himself before. But his touch elicited more breathless moans from the hunter and Dean cursed quietly, his hips thrusting into Castiel’s hand on their own accord. Cas took that as a good sign and quickened his pace, only pausing once to spit on his hand for more lubrication.
“Do I still make you nervous?” Dean breathed; his chest rising and falling rapidly as Castiel had successfully taken all the air out of him.
The windscreen wipers were on their fastest setting and yet it was near impossible to see where they were positioned on the road or whether any cars were approaching them from the opposite lane. Castiel couldn’t afford to be careless but Dean was making it difficult to focus with his cheek pressed to his bare shoulder, his breath warm against his skin. This was the closest they had been all week since that drunken night together in the back seat. In that time, with Dean dedicated entirely to the case, Cas had been left alone with his own thoughts.
Dean slipped his hand down and took Castiel’s erection into his palm, easily stroking him again. Cas buried his face into the crook of Dean’s neck, his breath coming out fast, hot, and heavy as he so suddenly lost any sense of control. He let out a muffled whimper into Dean’s skin, his wet lips brushing against his skin in half formed kisses, but he now was so frenzied with his heart absolutely racing and his mind once again whirring that he could barely do even that. Sensing what Cas wanted, Dean tilted his chin up with his other hand and locked lips with him in a heated kiss.
Castiel gently touched Dean’s hand and immediately withdrew with caution. But Dean said nothing. He hadn’t noticed the tears welling in his eyes, threatening to spill, but he felt the first tear as it slipped down his cheek. He wiped it away with the back of his hand and turned his back to Castiel. Dean didn’t want him to see him like this. It brought down more bricks of the wall he had built between them. And now it was dangerously close to tumbling down altogether.
Beyond that, they oftentimes made each other happy. Castiel could make Dean laugh without ever needing to try—and was usually baffled as to what of his words was actually so funny. And Dean could somehow distract Cas from any and all problems that so often harassed his thoughts.
Every night, when Sam was sure to be asleep, Dean ventured to Castiel’s room and stayed there until the early hours of the morning. He’d sit comfortably on the sofa in the corner whilst Castiel sat cross-legged at the end of the bed. The TV in front of them illuminated their faces as they watched movies together. It was Dean’s idea to introduce him to more media than just music and trash television, and so far the angel seemed to be enjoying it. He usually stared at the screen with unfathomable curiosity, his lips slightly parted in intrigue, and he’d clench his knees in his hands each time a particular scene became tense or frightening. He’d often glance at Dean to observe his reactions and sometimes mimicked them, quickly learning the specific emotions certain films aroused.
“What happened to your bed?” Dean asked, gesturing to the naked state of Castiel’s mattress and pillows.
He realised that whatever thing that stole his light had taken so much more. It was such an isolating thing. He knew better than most anyone that the universe was infinite and that life prevailed throughout this world that he had come to love. But, somehow, he was still alone in it. All that he knew to be true, and all that he had seen with his own eyes, simply didn’t exist inside him anymore. He could see and hear it and touch it, but he remained on the outside looking in. He was numb to it. He was as much a part of it as he was apart from it, and he still didn’t understand how that could be.
He couldn’t put the feeling into words. It was so different to the times where he had masturbated in the privacy of his bedroom back at the bunker. This was a whole new pleasure; a new stimulation he knew very little about but was finding he liked very, very much. But there was even more to it than that. It was feeling safe in another’s arms, the lingering promise of need in a kiss, the trust in entirely losing yourself in another person. Castiel was starting to understand. He’d acquainted himself with an inexplicable longing sometime before now but couldn’t have imagined what it was like to actually fulfil those desires. But now he felt it; raw and true and remarkable.
Castiel sighed and closed his book, not bothering to bookmark or remember the page. He didn’t care where the story would have led him. Ultimately, all stories ended the same way. Even his own.
Sam rolled his eyes and shook his head, finally allowing the subject to drop but Dean knew that his brother was still thinking about it. Pondering what his strange older brother was on about this time. It seemed that no matter how much time passed or many times he caught glimpses of the private life inside Dean’s head, Sam could never truly understand him. Not all of him, anyway.
“Okay, your highness,” Dean agreed and turned on the shower, hopelessly turning on the hot tap only and testing the spray for even an ounce of warmth.
Dean fell into them with ease—lost for a moment with someone he thought he could adore; someone that made him genuinely happy.
Dean opened the door to the storm, and the harsh wind ripped the handle clean from his hand and near sent the hunter to the floor as it smashed against the wall with a loud crash. Heavy rain gushed in through the open doorway, the wind making it more like a dense mist that very nearly drenched Castiel as he rushed forward to close the door. The hinges resisted at first, the wind too strong, but Cas didn’t need to exert much energy to force it shut.
“Sorry,” Dean turned onto his back, but his hand found Castiel’s in the dark and gently caressed the back of it and traced his fingers delicately.
With Sam’s permission, Dean hastened his pace and reached for the door handle. “Yeah, like I’d do something that stupid,” he scoffed but made a face when Sam wasn’t looking. He hadn’t any need to be honest. They both knew that Dean wasn’t so much himself anymore—or maybe he was actually more himself than he had ever been; it was a little hard to tell when his life had never been consistent for long enough a time to make an accurate assessment. What was really the default setting for him? Near constant grief? Or the sparse moments of clarity and contentment in between?
Though they had discussed the events at the pub a few hours prior, neither of them had made an effort to strike up a conversation. Instead, upon coming in through the motel door, they had each gone about doing their own things. Castiel had taken a long shower before changing into his pyjamas early for the night, leaving Dean to browse the web on his laptop, before they switched places and Dean took the bathroom and Cas the couch. But it was comfortable. They circled each other in what felt like a familiar pattern in which no words were needed to express what it was they wanted to do.
Dean did his best to ignore Sam’s stare and gestured meekly to the books and papers scattered across the table.
He sighed and tucked his phone back into his pocket, pushing himself off the side of the Impala and settling himself back in the driver’s seat. Sam automatically handed his lukewarm coffee back to him and resumed reading an article on his laptop. He held a half-eaten protein bar between his teeth, occasionally gnawing on it and drawing it further into his mouth. More crumbs fell onto his thigh and on the car seat, warranting a heavy groan from Dean.
“Do you have to be so heavy handed all the time?” Dean shuffled around Sam and reached for a mug. He paused only to peer into it and then decided it was clean. Or clean enough. Neither of them were very thorough with their dishes.
“You didn’t get out. So whose fault is it?” Dean was still waiting for the allegations to come, still expecting Cas to turn on him. In a way, Dean kind of wanted him to. He wanted it over and done with.
Perhaps even He had never planned for something so pure to exist through the hands and vocal cords of ‘lesser’ creatures. Humanity had possibly defied him and made something beautiful from the rubble of his failures.
The fourth time Dean wanted to kiss Castiel was when he had watched a reaper murder the former angel right in front of his eyes.
While the television shows were boring, Dean’s constant commentary was not and Cas was entertained less by what was happening on the screen and more by what was coming out of Dean’s mouth. That was the only reason he hadn’t already gotten into bed to just lie there out of boredom. Since being human, he had found that he didn’t hold the same patience that he had before and he was always in need of something to do or think about.
Only when the waitress returned to the table did he unwind the thread and leave it sitting on his knee. His finger flooded with red as the blood coursed back through his flesh. He watched the waitress set down his coffee and sandwich. She placed a consoling hand on his shoulder briefly before turning and leaving him to his last meal. He watched her go. When he picked up his spoon, his finger had already resumed its natural colouring.
Dean tore off the roll and tucked it under his arm, his expression suddenly distant and lost in thought. Then he chuckled darkly and peered at Cas through his lashes, blinking daringly at him in lust. “I reckon we can find something else to do with this… something less PG.”
He would have to try again eventually, though. Once he made it to Richmond he had no choice but to attempt reopening that line of communication in order to be given a more specific address. That fact was the only thing that held him from continuing onward with haste. Now that he was as close as he was, a delay didn’t seem such an unfortunate thing—that would be if it weren’t for the risk of running out of gas. He was spending a concerning amount of time now with his foot lifted off the accelerator, just allowing the car to roll. It felt like a terrifying sacrifice of control, especially as the rain hadn’t dissipated, only lessened.
“It runs through a clearing not far from here. I'll show you.” He just needed time. Purgatory was an unforgiving place with flesh-tearing evils at every turn; which meant there was a chance, however slim, that he could escape their capture. Or better still, there was a chance that he could gain the upper hand and slaughter them both. And he would take his time with the hunter. After all, it was a hunter that got him there in the first place.
“Just drive, Dean,” he said bitterly, turning to face the window. Now that the initial shock of being woken up had faded, he was starting to feel tired again and he yawned.
The point was, Castiel had never seen Dean so much as flirt with a man before. And sometimes Cas did misunderstand or entirely miss these cues or implications, but he didn’t think he had ever been
“You know it is, Dean. You know it.” Castiel squeezed his hand, healing the red crescent marks in his palms. “Sam can’t do this alone, and I know you don’t want him to. I can do this on my own and bring you in if I find what we’re looking for.”
But what good did it do? What lesson did it teach if the consequences were too dire to ever be at a risk of repeating? The angels had fallen and Castiel’s efforts to return them to Heaven may very well be fruitless. There was nothing he could do to make them fall a second time. There was no lesson, only regret.
“You’re sure about this, Dean? Just the one vampire?” He asked uncertainly and leaned forward in his seat to gaze anxiously out the windshield.
Once he heard John’s raucous snores fill the quiet room, Dean often slipped out of bed and tucked him in, taking care to remove his shoes and socks and to turn him onto his side lest he choke on his own vomit. Dean always took care of John.
Castiel pulled him into a tight embrace and Dean melted in his arms, breathing in the scent of his coat and feeling the material beneath his hands. It was tempting to just hold on and never let go. Like he could pretend for a few moments longer that the world wasn’t ending—or at least
. I’ve wanted to for a while now. And I hope you can forgive me for that. But I can understand if you can’t. Or won’t.”
“You want him locked up? Fine.” Dean picked up the cuffs and offered them to Sam. “Go right ahead. Cuff him and throw away the key—,”
He didn’t bother trying to read it now as he waited in the car, instead watching Dean as the hunter trailed through the store, filling up a basket with various packets and containers. Eventually he emerged with multiple bags on each arm and a case of beer clutched in his hand. Cas quickly opened the magazine and pretended to have been reading it the entire time rather than watching the hunter, but Dean just laughed as he got into the car. Castiel glanced over the top of the magazine, confused as to what was so funny, and then Dean reached forward, took the magazine from his hands, and turned it the right way up.
“Thanks,” Dean said whilst appraising Castiel was a crooked smile. “We’ve really gotta get you your own clothes, Cas. Look at these pants, they just seem to fall right off you.”
Castiel considered it and looked to Sam apologetically. “It’s, uh… edible. But I wouldn’t choose to make it a staple of my diet.” He decided that was a sufficient answer that would have to appease the both of them. Quickly, he resumed drinking his beer and then bit into his burger. With his mouth full, he hoped neither of them would attempt to ask any more questions.
“Dean—” Sam started, correcting him on his manners. But by the disinterest in his eyes, it was apparent that his heart simply wasn't in it. He knew by now that Dean would persist, no matter if he was told not to.
Dean ignored him and cautiously raised a hand, though he hadn’t yet considered his intentions. He just needed to know Cas was real. Though he hadn’t decided whether to embrace him or to place a protective hand on his shoulder. Maybe just to touch the material of his coat would be enough to convince Dean that Cas was well and truly there. And maybe it would be enough for Castiel too; to convince him that Dean, too, was real. Dean hoped Cas would recognise him, even if he wasn’t sure why or where from.
“Yeah, I guess so,” Cas muttered, also throwing a cutting look at Dean. Dean had clearly endeavoured to leave for another hunt without so much as telling him. He was going to allow Cas to wake to an empty bunker, with probably just a note to explain where it was they had gone. Even worse, Cas imagined, the note would have likely said nothing more than
“Like you wouldn’t believe,” Dean groaned. He sat down at the table after pouring himself some lukewarm coffee, and then stared into the cup without drinking it. His stomach churned. “Alcohol doesn’t seem to take the way it used to.”
Benny would stand aside as Dean would cut and tear into a werewolf or vampire, and he’d wait without argument until it was all done and dusted, and the creature’s head was lying at Dean’s feet, bleeding onto his shoes.
What was he to think if suddenly they hit a dead end and all the evidence of Castiel’s continued existence just stopped?
He knew deep down that it wasn’t true—he could rationalise and remind himself that he had felt this way many times before and he had always survived it. He could tell himself that nobody ever died from this, and that this dread inside him was nothing more than a harmless trick of his mind.
“Fill this out,” the woman instructed, sliding a form across the counter and then disappeared into the back room. She wasn’t gone long before coming back with a key. Dean exchanged the filled out form for the key with a sly grin, probably trying to get any kind of reaction out of her but she was unperturbed as she looked between the two men. “Don’t forget that
And then he had died again when Metatron stabbed him. There was pain then too, but the life drained from him slowly and he just felt empty somehow. He thought that maybe his body had been in shock—which would explain feeling numb—but it was saying goodbye to Sam that was the worst. He remembered Sam’s arms holding him up and half carrying him across the room, and he remembered losing mobility in his legs as he slowly died. Dean remembered how it was so different from the first time: most likely because of the mark of Cain.
Dean shook his head, “I’ll have to text Sam tomorrow that we took care of the vamp. He doesn’t need us.”
He had never had the chance to thank Castiel the way he wanted. Or to apologise as profusely as he knew he should. He tried so hard to remember in hindsight that while it was right in the ethical sense to fight against the God squad rather than alongside or for them, Cas was still fighting his family.
Cas cast a quick glare at him before forcing himself to drink a few sips of the water. It wasn’t as bad as he thought it would be, and he didn’t immediately get sick like he thought he would. Satisfied, he drank the rest and passed the empty glass to Dean’s waiting hand. Dean got up and refilled it with water from the tap before resuming his position on the floor. He was already dressed for the day—fully dressed for once, as if knowing not to anticipate any sex—and looked well-kempt despite not having yet showered, and sleeping just as little as Cas, if not less than.
After all, that seemed to be where everything always went wrong. Dean selling his soul to Hell in exchange for his brother’s life could arguably be where this whole mess started. Unwittingly breaking the first of the 66 seals, Lucifer being freed from the cage, Castiel’s God rampage; it all seemed like dominoes falling into place, all leading him here to this hell adjacent nightmare.
Castiel’s head was swimming, and both Dean and the storm that continued to rage around them became overwhelming. There seemed to be hardly any reason left within him. All the strength it had taken him to leave in the first place was breaking, leaving him tired and vulnerable to all his own desires and selfish ideas.
The distance was hard and the threat of loss loomed, but these things were not the end. Right now, despite the difficulty and the anxiety, there had to be enough hope to tide Dean over. He would be no good to anyone inebriated or recovering from said inebriation. He was horrid enough to Sam as it was when he was sober and he felt bad enough for it. There was no good in worsening what was already next to unbearable. So, he simply agreed with Sam’s suspicions about his headaches and promised without conviction to drink more water and give him a turn at driving so he could sleep awhile in the backseat.
Dean turned around in Castiel’s arms and easily graced the corner of his lips with his thumb, wiping away a dab of either peanut butter or jelly. Dean rested his thumb at Cas’ lips who obediently parted them and gently sucked. Dean smiled and withdrew his hand, leaning in for a kiss. Their mouths tasted sweet as their kiss swiftly deepened, and Dean had to stop, breathless, before they went any further.
“Me neither,” Dean shut off the ignition and turned to face Cas, “Last and only time had the downside of a dead kid trying to pull me under. Think it’s time for a redo. And hope nothing touches my foot.”
Castiel rested his cheek against his fist and paused midsentence, the words seemingly fading away into oblivion. His eyes flickered greedily to Dean and back again, trying with some difficulty to avoid Sam’s attention.
“Shhh. Just try and sleep,” Dean whispered and nuzzled his face more into the crook of Castiel’s neck.
“Maybe,” Purah allowed, bending down and forcefully moving Castiel into a seated position once more. She lifted his arms above his head and chained his cuffed wrists to the wall. He wasn’t going anywhere anytime soon, not even to Heaven. “There’s no real rush,” she said, “besides, I quite enjoy hearing the funny sounds his lungs make when there’s no air in them.”
Dean arched his back more, seemingly shaking on his forearms with his head drooping forward. “Holy fuck,” Dean agreed, trying to peer back at Cas. “Fuck me raw,” he urged Castiel, “I want you to fuck me so fucking raw.”
Instead, he gazed up into the piercing green of Dean’s eyes, with the blue of his own dipped in insecurity. The hunter must have recognised this, as he offered a calming smile and leaned up to kiss Castiel tenderly on the lips; all heat easing for a moment into something calm and quietly intimate. Dean’s hand found Castiel’s and entwined their fingers, and only then did Cas feel comfortable enough to withdraw and slick the length of his erection with his own spit before guiding it back into position between Dean’s legs.
Dean appeared again in the open doorway after a minute or two, already dressed in his jeans and t-shirt, and he tossed some clothes at Cas. “Still wanna curl up in bed with some food and tv?” Dean asked.
When Dean had been doing the abandoned load of washing, Castiel had seen the waistband of his pink wash-dyed underwear when he bent down, and all the restraint had been swept from him. Cas easily lifted Dean up onto the washing machine as the cycle started and caressed him fast and hot and slick in time with the rumbles of the machine.
“Faith?” Castiel couldn’t follow. And he searched Dean’s face for any sign as to what he meant. He wanted desperately to understand as Dean’s tone recognisably darkened and his words faded into one another in hesitant mumblings.
“Alright then… well, let me just bottom line it for you, Dean:  I’m going. Whether you take me or not.”
“It was very good, Cas,” Dean laughed and lead the former angel out the door into the cool night air, “I think you’ve had enough to get a decent hangover for tomorrow.”
And he was still dumbstruck as to how he himself somehow fit into that ideology now, when he’d believed otherwise for so many years.
“Earth to Cas,” Dean waved his hand in front of Castiel’s face and grinned when the former angel shook his head, startled. “You’re adorable when you daydream like that,” Dean teased, though he seemed half serious as he gazed upon Cas with genuine adoration.
Cas looked for himself and saw lines of thin, black cord weaved through pink to red scars. The marks were sure to take months, if not years, to fade—assuming they would ever fade away at all. Cas suspected that these horrid reminders would remain with him until the day he died. But the alternative was to already be a rotting corpse buried or burned on the pyre. All things considered; Cas was grateful for his scars.
And as he shut the door behind him, his hand lingering on the cold handle, he thought how Castiel may very well have followed in Cas’ footsteps—destining himself for death.
Stumbling in from the garage, Dean’s hand clasped in Castiel’s, they felt the shadow of the bunker hit cool against their heated skin. It swept over Dean in an instant. It sent a shiver coursing down his spine. He trembled inside his coat and leaned into Castiel for his everlasting warmth. But he was cold too.
“Hey, Cas. How’s it going?” Sam asked, approaching him slowly. As he drew nearer, Cas recognised the exact second Sam caught a whiff of him. He tried to appreciate the effort Sam put into masking his repulsion.
He knew for sure then that he wouldn’t ever be okay again... if he had ever truly been okay to begin with.
His erection ached, already prodding hard against Dean through his jeans. But Dean’s naked cock was a firm presence at Castiel’s thigh. Cas reached down and took it into his hand, stroking the entire length of it gently. Dean groaned, his knees almost immediately buckling. Their lips parted for a moment and Cas took to kissing Dean’s neck instead, eliciting yet another moan from the hunter.
In what world would these irrational fears make any sense when the reason behind them still eluded him?
He turned the page in an attempt to distance himself from what he had done and what he wished he could somehow repair. And then something else drew his attention.
“Yeah. A different way,” Dean chuckled but made no attempt to elaborate further on what he meant. His hand was still pressed to Castiel’s upper thigh and his fingers lazily traced the seam of his jeans.
“He was doing fine for a few days. He was doing really good, actually… and then he just…,” Dean sighed, “I don’t know. He just suddenly lost it and everything fell back to square one again. He can’t or won’t talk about it and I’m kinda afraid to ask.” Dean paused again, but Cas could hear the quiet, methodical pattering of his feet as he paced. “No, I haven’t told him what’s going on…” Pause. “Because I can’t, Sam, I just can’t. I look at him and I just see this broken shell and I can’t bring myself to tell him, knowing it will tear him apart.” The pacing suddenly stopped short. “He can’t do anything, Sam. It’s not even that he’s human now, it’s just that he is so fucking hopeless, I don’t think he has it in him to try anymore.”
Benny held up his hands in surrender. “You’re the boss. I just think you gotta face facts here, Dean…”
Castiel’s heart fluttered almost nervously. But also enticed by the suggestion. He couldn’t begin to imagine what exactly they could do with it, but the notion of finding out intrigued him and he nodded eagerly in response. Dean stepped forward and kissed him, purposely taking his lip carefully between his teeth and claiming rights to it. Cas sighed softly into the kiss and ran his hands up along Dean’s bare chest.
Sam couldn’t ‘get it’. Though Dean knew he would try. And he didn’t blame him for not understanding. Yet he was still left with a sense of loneliness. Isolation that near robbed him of breath. He had little doubt that Cas would feel it too, were he still alive to feel anything at all.
Then Dean started to see him. He saw him by the side of the road, his coat tattered the way it had been in Purgatory. It was Cas the way he had seen him last, like no time had passed since. Dean slammed his foot on the brake and then reversed, turning to look out the rear windshield, but he couldn’t see anything. The trees swayed lazily in the breeze, cicadas clicked faintly in the distance. It was just him and the open road. Dean pulled on the hand brake, got out of the Impala with the engine still running, and stood, lost, in the middle of the road, his heart hammering and his skin crawling—but the hope was spent. There was nothing, and no one, to see.
“Breakfast,” Cas wrinkled his nose, quickly dreading the possibility that he would have to sit in front of the toilet again so soon. Perhaps he wouldn’t actually find himself capable of leaving the bathroom for the remainder of the day.
Dean immediately stepped forward and took his arm, trying to pull him back a step without any success. Castiel’s feet were firmly planted, immovable, and there was nothing Dean could do to hold him back if he wanted to leave. He was only human and Castiel was an angel. Castiel had only ever stepped back with him because Dean had asked. But it wasn’t enough just to ask anymore. This was far too big; it was too important.
The hunter was simply fuming, and sought to use any distraction he could to keep himself from snapping and saying something he probably shouldn’t. But as Dean fastened his pace and clenched his fists, Cas recognised that his composure was bound to break at any second with what was sure to be a violent outburst.
His—or their—love was different. It was a ‘conquer the world for each other or die together in it’ kind of love. Their love was sitting side by side in front of the muted TV, together sipping beer at the same pace, not quite touching at the shoulders but eventually at the ankles as they inevitably knotted together. It was the comfortable silences on long drives to nowhere; Castiel’s favourite songs from Dean’s collection playing on the stereo. It was in the way they cared for one another when they each refused to—or simply couldn’t—care about themselves. It was in shameless, lingering looks and in secret wonderings. And in a bond so real and so profound Dean felt like he could almost see and touch it. Because it was a sensation so solid in his chest, he could hardly deny the possibility that he really could were he to just reach out and try.
Dean blushed a little and started to dig in Castiel’s bag, hiding his face from the former angel, “Absolutely not… I just… peeked at them.”
After that, Castiel slept effortlessly and without the perturbing nightmares that so often stole his dreams.
Dean paused and looked him up and down. His shirt sleeves were still rolled up, his coat left messily folded on one of the cars, and his collar a little loose without his tie around it. Even though he was an angel with all kinds of inhuman strength and fast healing abilities—and even though Dean trusted he wouldn’t actually crash the bike to begin with—it still didn’t seem like appropriate motorcycle attire.
Cas scooted up onto it with his back half leaning against the windshield and was careful not to damage the paint with the heels of his shoes. Dean settled himself at his side and offered him a beer. Castiel doubted that the alcohol would do him much good but took it anyway and opened it without taking a sip. Dean however, took a large swig and leaned back against the windshield, closing his eyes. Cas tried to mimic him but ended up staring at the hunter instead; appraising the look of contentedness on the hunter’s face. He observed the length of Dean’s eyelashes and the faint spattering of freckles on his nose, and gazed at Dean’s lips for a few moments longer than he probably should. He looked away only when Dean opened his eyes.
love kind. And it had gotten him here to this state of indescribable pain. It had given him nothing more than an endless agony.
Again, it was a ridiculous notion he knew rationality could immediately dismiss. Yet there it remained. And it nagged and screamed and tormented him for hours at a time, insisting that the trap was there and he had merely escaped it the last time. It would be safer to stay in bed in the warm confines of the blankets. But he didn’t want to wake Dean. He didn’t want to alert Dean to the madness rattling inside his head. It sounded insane to his own ears, let alone to someone else’s.
“You, I suppose,” Castiel admitted, “but these feelings you arouse are beyond what I can understand. There are enough words for it: lust, longing, affection, attraction, endearment… but before they were only ever words and now it’s almost impossible to make sense of what it is to feel them.”
“Okay, sure, but uh… you know you talk in your sleep, man,” Dean said after turning down the volume on the stereo. “It’s mostly nonsense but, uh, some of it’s coherent.”
This would likely be their one and only chance to do what they had forbidden themselves from doing in the past. It was reckless and wrong and quite honestly inappropriate. But that’s what made it so fantastically wild and tempting. That’s what made it memorable. Cas took Dean’s hand in his and led him down the hall, pulling him in for more kisses as they neared Sam’s room. Outside his door, Cas pushed Dean against the wood and tugged at the material of his shirt, lifting it up and over his head. He took Dean’s nipple between his lips and sucked, licking the firm nub with the tip of his tongue, and nipping it with his teeth.
Dean remembered one night, a week or two before finding the portal, when they had stopped so Dean could rest. Dean had his back against a tree, and he shifted slightly, trying to make himself comfortable on the uneven terrain, and as he turned his head, he swore Castiel was asleep. The angel was sitting so still, his head dipped low, and Dean could see his back rise and fall as he breathed evenly. Dean had quickly turned his head back and closed his eyes, deciding not to whisper Castiel’s name to see if he’d look up. Because if Castiel really was sleeping, then that meant he was even weaker than he had been letting on, and that terrified Dean.
Dean murmured quietly into the phone, “I better go. Get some sleep, yeah? And listen to those tapes.”
Dean’s eyes flickered wisely for just a few seconds as he knew—to the extent that he could—what Castiel was thinking and feeling. He smiled gently and leaned into Cas for a kiss, this time taking advantage of Cas’ clean teeth and minty breath, and kissing him longingly on the lips. Cas kissed him back, but even with his whole heart in it, he knew it felt like a bare-minimum effort. And he was sorry.
“Word is Metatron tucked some of your grace away in case he ever needed it. Impossible to say where. But I think you know.”
Castiel shivered and his skin became littered with goose bumps. The hairs on his arms stood on end. His face grew hot. Nothing thrilled him more than the thought of Dean wanting him so badly. He imagined them in bed together, their bodies only barely touching before they inevitably curled into one another. He imagined them side by side on the couch watching their small television—as they so often did—with their hands unable to resist the temptation to touch, Castiel’s thighs eventually straddling Dean’s hips. And he imagined them alone together on a long drive, the call of the backseat too strong to ignore, making them stop at the side of the road in the middle of nowhere in a passionate heat.
Without the answers he wanted to hear, Dean was obviously distraught, storming onward with a rage fuelled determination that quickly wavered and then he walked like an empty shell, hope abandoned. It was evident mostly in his shoulders that slumped forward, and in his hands that he compulsively clenched and unclenched, and Benny was starting to see the signs more and more often. He started to worry that maybe Dean would simply give up. After all, Dean had clearly said countless times that he wasn’t leaving without Castiel, and he obviously meant it. Which could only mean one thing: Dean would die here.
Castiel looked at him. The flat emptiness of his eyes startled Dean, and he heard the shuffle of his brother’s feet as he took yet another instinctual step backwards.
Castiel nodded and unbuttoned his cuffs and expertly rolled his sleeves up to his elbows. For extra measure, he loosened his tie and pulled it free from the collar of his shirt. Dean blinked, admittedly taken aback. He slowly set the coat down on the hood of another vehicle in the garage. It was the most naked Castiel had ever been; at least that Dean had seen. It was hard to redirect his attention away from that fact.
“I’m hanging up now,” he announced loudly, interrupting Dean. Dean immediately fell silent. Cas hesitated—too polite to follow through with his threat.
“Huh? What is…?” Castiel sat up and glared at the light streaming in through the open window. How could he feel so much worse waking the second time round? Where before it had been unfortunate, now it felt downright cruel and uncalled for.
“It’s part angel—part archangel, to be exact,” Castiel said, “power like that always draws attention, even if it doesn’t want it too.”
Castiel held his head in his hands, burrowing down into his knees with his back arching against the wall. He closed his eyes. Concentrating with everything he had, Cas prayed to the angels, just hoping the right one could hear him. Having heard nothing since he had left the bunker, he had feared the worst. Maybe he had completely lost the ability to be a graceless angel. Perhaps he had subconsciously closed himself off from them, knowing how deeply they resented him. Or the angels may have changed their minds. What good was he to them now?
Thanks for reading, guys! I hope you enjoyed this very late chapter! Also, do you all like this alternate Castiel more than canon Nazi-Castiel?? Cause I sure do :P Let me know what you thought in the comments- I always love reading your feedback. xoxo
he was actually saying goodbye. The signs had always been there, but Dean had turned his back time and time again, refusing to listen, refusing to see what was so very clear. He hadn’t been ready to say goodbye then, and he still wasn’t ready to say goodbye now.
In that moment, he decided to always take Dean up on his ideas, no matter how crazy or ambitious or outright stupid. He would give Dean just about anything right now were he to ask, and he would have no reservations about it. Just as long as Dean wanted him.
“I don’t like being woken early,” Cas answered quickly. He could feel heat travelling up his neck and into his cheeks but there was nowhere he could turn to hide the sudden redness from Dean.
“Now you’ve gotten us in trouble,” Dean grumbled and nudged Castiel’s arm. Sam stepped forward and took the newspaper from them, neither of them attempting to hold onto it.
Right now, however, his envy was redirected. He felt a sudden and intense pang of jealousy, wishing like crazy he had never left Castiel alone. And Dean recognised that Castiel wished he had never left either.
“I think so… not word for word or anything but... What’s your point?” Dean patted the space next to him and Cas obliged his invitation and sat down with his shoulder pressed against Dean’s. The hunter’s hand very barely traced his leg in a lazy backward and forward motion; travelling the length of Castiel’s thigh to his knee. Cas melted under even this slightest touch. He felt like he could tell Dean anything despite all earlier objections about doing so.
Knowing some of the shows Castiel watched in the privacy of his room, Dean knew Castiel had at least seen people kiss. At the very least he understood what the action was, and perhaps he even had a loose understanding of why people did it. And he was kissing Dean back.
“Isn’t that why we’re still driving? I caused a scene and insulted your hospitality and made you leave your food behind without finishing it.”
Castiel’s head was still swimming as he climbed into the passenger seat and leaned his head against the window. The stereo remained silent and so did Dean as they got back onto the road, the motel seeming like it was miles away through in reality it wasn’t far to go at all and they were soon back on a familiar road.
But Dean was waiting for him out there somewhere. Dean would be in his car, blind to the world speeding past as he drove too fast, his mind riddled by all his worst fears and his throat aching for boundless booze. And then, eventually, Dean would give up and go home. Home to the bed he and Cas had once shared. Home to the pillow and sheets that smelt like them. Home to the cassettes he’d never want to listen to again; tearing the tapes from their casings and pitching them into the fire of an empty pyre. Watching them turn to ash on the blistering wood, thinking how the absence of a body didn’t mean that nobody had died. Because Dean would know. And he’d think the worst: that Cas had taken his own life.
He wasn’t too pleased with himself, either. It was his car now and had been for a number of years. He loved and adored it, and expected to age alongside it. It would be a disgrace for its underside to rust and its engine to collapse. Dean could never bear to see it demolished long before its time, and it had many more years yet to live. He had rebuilt this car time and time again, dedicating much of his time to reviving her to her former glory. She deserved that much. Baby had been his and Sam’s home growing up, and Dean often still considered it as such rather than the bunker.
“We don’t have time to argue about this, Dean. It’s too risky for one of us to go alone,” Sam said and turned around to gesture to his bruised eye and the healing slashes down his cheek.
As Dean knelt between his legs and took his erection into his mouth, Cas started to wonder if it were true. Perhaps the absence he felt inside would obliterate him completely once Dean parted from him. It was another of those irrational notions that he couldn’t help but dread.
“Why are you awake, Dean?” Cas murmured, struggling to get comfortable. The bed wasn’t really equipped to fit two grown men so he didn’t dare try to rearrange himself too much as he was already lying precariously at the very edge. Eventually, he snuggled his head deeper into his pillow and accepted that this was as good as it was ever going to get.
“Do whatever you want, Sam. But I’m not playing any part in it,” Dean ground out, and parted his brother without looking back. He didn’t need to to know Sam was watching after him.
Castiel winced and took two instinctual steps backward. His shoulders tensed and he shrunk in on himself, making himself small. There was so much he had to repent for. Perhaps more that could be covered in a lifetime. Maybe he never could.
“If you’re talking about bad smells, Dean, then that was probably you. I don’t think angels can pass gas,” Sam said, only half sarcastic.
Thanks for reading, guys! I feel like it is taking me longer to update now, but I promise new chapters will keep coming until it's finished. Any feedback you have to offer would be greatly appreciated! I hope you are liking it so far. :)
Dean shivered again, and Cas watched him as he shifted almost uncomfortably in his seat. Cas immediately felt a pang of regret in seeing Dean’s obvious discomfort and he withdrew his hand with no further attempt at touching his skin. But then Dean put his arm around Castiel’s shoulders and held him safely at his side; their wet bodies now flush together and the shared body temperatures became almost too warm suddenly.
Dean glanced up at him and saw distress glistening in his eyes. Again, he suddenly looked like he had shrunk in on himself, the trench coat becoming three sizes too big in the blink of an eye. Castiel took a noticeable step back towards the wall like he didn’t want to leave.
Dean kissed him then, effectively cutting him off midsentence. Cas was so relieved to receive any display of affection from Dean that the thought was swept right out of his head. The words dimmed and then disappeared entirely from his tongue.
“I tried it, Cas,” Dean told him, his eyes a little unfocused as he too began to succumb to intoxication, but he was steadier in his movements as he was a far more seasoned drinker than Castiel.
Castiel dipped his head down again, and this time it wasn’t because of the churning in his gut or because of the imbalance of his woozy head. It wasn’t because the toilet seat felt cool against his boiling skin or because the sleep deprivation was threatening to pull him under; even there sitting uncomfortably on the bathroom floor. It was because he found no reason to keep his head upright. It seemed easier to fold beneath the torment of the void—the empty space where the light used to be.
Weirder still, however, was the fact that Sam apparently had no idea what he was talking about when Dean eventually felt the grudging need to bring it up after one particularly long visit from Castiel. The moment the angel disappeared with a faint flutter of his wings, the pages of their lore books flipping at the sudden breeze, Dean’s shoulders loosened. He hadn’t even noticed them tensing. He sheepishly rubbed the back of his neck, feeling the muscles in his biceps relax, and he wondered, horrified, that perhaps he had been flexing them.
Castiel sat upright. His brow was slick with sweat, but his naked body was cold. He flexed his icy fingers and hoped that the tingling sensation would leave them. Instead, the tremors only seemed to seep further in and spread down to his toes. As it did, he felt a tightness in his chest that refused to alleviate despite each heavy breath dragged into his lungs. Cas licked at his lips and tasted the salt of his own sweat, but his tongue was bone dry, his mouth seemingly dying of thirst. The dark encasement of Dean’s room suffocated him.
Over the coming days, everything was better. Or rather, they were better days than the worse days, and Castiel found himself capable somehow of smiling and kissing Dean with genuine affection. The weight on his shoulders had supposedly alleviated, though something inside him warned that it had merely shifted into a temporary balance. All the same, he was struck by this sense of calm before the storm and he fell into it with ease.
“So you have to have the human experience. The road trip is a classic. You’ll love it,” Dean explained dismissively and started the car, adjusting the rear view mirror while he waited for Castiel to gather his thoughts and shut the door.
“How you feeling Cas?” Dean was relieved to finally be asking, though now he was worried at the possible response.
He groaned painfully as he was put down, a little too roughly by hands that had little practice with tenderness in these horrid times. He knew this hastened help from a hunter. The knowledge pacified him, and then he felt some comfort at the familiar scent of the Impala’s aged leather seats. He could feel the fine cracks in its surface. Castiel sniffed the air and smelled the faint and secret wisps of lavender—the scent only he and Dean knew to even look for. It grew stronger as Dean settled down beside him and lifted his head gently onto his lap. Dean’s fingers carefully ran through Castiel’s hair and caressed his scalp, soothing him and distracting him momentarily from the pain.
slowly, gently grazing the marking with his thumb. Still slightly intoxicated, he felt a bit woozy and out of place. The sensation in his legs had dulled to a faint numbness and he felt unsteady on his feet; almost as if he were swaying on the spot like a boat on the sea. He leaned against the table, applying most of his weight on one arm. Yet he remained shaky. His fingers trembled over the carving.
Realising what he’d said, Cas’ face flushed completely scarlet. “No, of course not. I just want this—” He snatched the paper free from Dean’s arm and bolted without any pause for thought. He ran down the hall and skidded along the tiles as he turned right when he should have gone left. Now he had no idea where he ought to go and he could hear Dean running behind him.
And, in his unwillingness to say goodbye, Dean drove Castiel home and didn’t ask him anything. He didn’t look at him again. He just wanted this hour, just this one, to pretend that things were the way that had once been.
Dean melted under his touch, and he always longed for more. It took more strength than he would ever care to admit to refrain from excessive touching and more deliberate, passionate kissing. Even still, every embrace before his departure started to linger more and more. Sometimes the one kiss turned into two or three and Dean would silently chastise himself as he walked back to his room, but his cheeks also flushed an elated pink—he could only punish himself for so long before giving in to the warmth Castiel brought him.
There was a sudden and faint dial tone that Cas didn’t recognise. He frowned, straining to hear if Dean was still on the other line.
Not hearing any of it said aloud set Dean’s teeth on edge, and his shoulders sat in a permanent state of tension as though coiled at all times in anticipation for the accusations yet to come. And he still hadn’t decided what he ought to say for when they did.
Castiel had never behaved in such a way, keeping the door ajar so slightly that Dean truly felt unwelcome.
“Now is a good time,” Dean said, turning the music down to a less offensive volume. Finally, Cas could actually hear himself think.
Dean just stood there, lost. He didn’t know what to do with himself anymore. Sleep had escaped him, no case could keep him preoccupied, and there was nothing he could do to bring Cas back. Benny had said so himself that there was no way to crack open the locked box that was Purgatory, and even if Dean could somehow do it, he knew he’d only be bringing back a corpse; assuming the leviathan left one behind at all.
“Yeah. Has been for a while, to tell you the truth,” Dean admitted. “Let’s just say I hadn’t found the need for that porno for a while… turns out you’re all the fantasy I need, Cas.”
He placed his hands against Dean’s chest. Dean’s grip tightened protectively on his waist and he leaned in closer so their foreheads were pressed together. Cas couldn’t see his face anymore, so he instead watched as Dean’s legs began to shake.
Dean unsteadily stood up from his chair and turned to face Castiel who didn’t think to back away or make room, so they were suddenly standing very close together. Dean wasn’t ready to lose Cas again—to stop seeing him. Castiel turned slightly and looked at Dean, his blue eyes glistening with apology and understanding. Dean could so easily fall into those eyes.
Dean slowly stood upright, his heart still hammering in his chest and his hands were shaking. He was still trying to wrap his head around losing Castiel and then getting him back. It seemed he was right in thinking that he was spoiled in somehow having Cas find a way back to him each time he was taken away
Dean retrieved his gun from his belt and prepped it to fire if need be. Considering Sam’s lack of concern, he doubted he would need it, but he knew it was best to remain vigilant nevertheless.
Cas nodded and wordlessly stripped down. Dean stood waiting, never averting his gaze. Castiel stepped into the shower and Dean slid the curtain shut again, casting them into a dim light and a denser cloud of steam. The hot water burned at Castiel’s skin, but he didn’t complain. Between the two of them—both trying to fit into the relatively small space—the temperature was somehow bearable. Dean automatically placed his hands on Cas’ waist. The spray of the shower was now directly over him and washing the shampoo out of his hair. Cas smiled at him, more genuinely this time, and gently ran his fingers through Dean’s hair.
“You know what I mean, Sam. It hangs around the guy like a bad smell,” Dean retorted, opting not to mention how the energy was anything but bad. In fact, as it grew, so did Dean’s liking of it. Were he to be honest, he’d admit how he’d actually started to miss it when it, and Cas, were gone; which occasionally were for long, uncomfortable periods of time.
Cas stepped forward until their toes were almost touching and his chest was dangerously close to Dean’s. There was only a few inches difference in their heights and so, were he brave enough, Cas could easily lean forward that little bit more and kiss him. In fact, his lips were already hovering precariously close to Dean’s, and, curiously, Dean wasn’t retreating.
“Try a bath instead,” Dean suggested. He stood up and reached down, took Castiel’s trembling hands, and helped him to stand too.
“I think I heard something about it,” Dean granted and climbed into the driver’s seat out of habit. “Even smashed you’re still the voice of reason. But how do you plan for us to get home now?”
Thanks for reading, guys! So sorry about the long wait, especially for such a short chapter. I am currently having an extensive and troublesome writer's block. Hopefully, chapter 12 will come soon with a lot more to offer!
Cas turned around and took Dean’s bottom lip between his in a tired kiss before pulling away. He stopped to take a wary breath before stepping into the shower. Immediately he hunched his shoulders and crossed his arms, his eyes boring into Dean’s with unsettling annoyance and gloom. The water was freezing, and he now resented the entire concept of showering despite it once being one of his favourite human experiences.
In fact, the car was now somewhere else entirely. Looking out the window, Cas saw not the exterior of the bar where he had been the night before, but instead the exterior of what appeared to be a diner. He couldn’t fathom how and when he got there and could recall actually taking the keys away from Dean only hours earlier. It was impossible to say where he had put them since he couldn’t remember much of the finer details beyond what he and Dean had done together. He assumed that had he been sober, he still wouldn’t be able to remember anything aside from their intimacy. Nothing else seemed all that important.
Cas looked up at Dean. A small smile played at the edges of his lips as he watched the pink of Dean’s cheeks darken into a flush red; the silly schoolboy grin he once adorned now closely resembled something awkward and shy.
Too much rode on Sam’s reply. There was only so far Dean could push him before his influence was rendered entirely useless. Sam could think for himself, and he could put his foot down wherever it so pleased him.
“I don’t know. I just saw something,” Dean replied quietly, unsure as to why he couldn’t seem to look away from the window.
Sophia crossed her arms and turned her back once more, standing stiff and straight—clearly uncomfortable in a human’s skin. Cas reached out to touch her shoulder but quickly withdrew his hand. He knew it wouldn’t be wise to touch her. His touch wouldn’t be a comfort. She would likely shudder beneath his hand or pull away in disgust. And Cas wouldn’t blame her.
“Sam,” Cas responded, and then Dean’s brother burst in through the door, his brow furrowed in disbelief. But yes, it was Castiel that had spoken, he hadn’t just misheard.
Frustrated. Broken. Dean had tossed the book aside and kicked the drawer shut. With the blanket gripped in white-knuckled fists, Dean’s head had dipped forward and his eyes closed. There was nothing there for him. There was nothing left of Cas; nothing he could hold onto. But then he had seen it: the edge of something peeking out of the Bible on the floor. Picking it up and tugging it free from the pages, Dean had discovered a photograph. It was one he couldn’t recall being taken: he and Cas side by side leaning against the Impala, beers in hand. Dean was inclined towards Cas, trying to hear him over some now forgotten sound, and Cas’ lips were at his ear. Their hands were near touching, their palms pressed against the hood of the car. Cas’ coat was caught in the gentle wind, blowing the tan material against Dean’s denim-clad legs. And Dean was smiling. Laughing actually, at whatever it was Cas was whispering to him.
Thanks for reading, guys! I hoped you enjoyed the second of five chapters. I have some ideas for another Destiel story that I am currently plotting out and intend to start writing soon!!
Dean didn’t want to mention how closely his symptoms resembled those he suffered when withdrawing from alcohol. He hadn’t had a drink for a long time, but the current state of things had him dying for a taste… or two… or three. He was well aware it would be stupid to give into such urges. But it was tempting all the same. The temporary relief it promised was a lure he wasn’t eager to deny, but he did so nonetheless, knowing perfectly well what it would lead to. And, he told himself, he had no real reason to surrender.
Castiel’s soul was tainted by shame. Dean was trying to explain so coolly and keep his tone so steady, but Cas could see the legitimate agony the recollection caused him. The search had made him restless and even now Dean felt like he was still looking—Cas was here but he wasn’t whole; a part of him remained in the cracks of those broken cobblestones and caught in those suffocating cuffs.
Dean startled and fell backward, knocking the bucket over with his leg. Dirty water sloshed onto his jeans and flooded the floor.
Cas shouldn’t feel this desperation. After all, he knew nothing if not solitude. By now he knew how to be alone.
“Welcome to my shitty version of ‘me-time’,” Dean said, “some cheap bath salts and a crappy candle.”
“I’ll try,” Dean promised idly. His fingers dipped into the waistband of Cas’ pants for just a few seconds before withdrawing. Castiel’s cheeks immediately flushed red, and heat crept up the back of his neck. “There will be a next time,” Dean confirmed.
Now that he was settled on his preferred liquor, he stood up to get another despite Dean suggesting he wait, and insisted he had no need to stop. Though the hunter made no effort to stop him when he came back with more, allowing him to drink quickly without much pause for breath.
“You will,” Dean reassured him, but then reconsidered, “or you know… maybe not. But it’ll be funny either way. Come on.”
“Man, you always have been—and always will be—weird. But that isn’t a bad thing,” Dean explained and dried his hair. “I just mean that it’s weird that we’re… you know.”
Castiel watched Dean pace the length of the claustrophobic cabin. The hunter would stalk the short distance from one wall to the other, pausing shortly only to peer out the window to the dark, blank canvas that was the outdoors. It was impossible to see anything out there; the shadowy storm clouds having swallowed the moon a few hours prior. Nevertheless, Dean persisted in looking in a futile effort to check on the state of his Impala—fretting that the raging winds and heavy rain would somehow shatter the windscreen or scratch the paint.
“At least you had the gift of sight. Mine was robbed from me,” Cas pulled away; immediately cautious of history possibly repeating itself, and he stepped out to grab a towel. He could feel Dean’s eyes on him as he wrapped the towel around his waist, and had to quickly remind himself that there was nothing new to see.
“He was worried,” Sam decided finally. “He wanted to be there for you and I could see that, that’s all.”
He could hear the water running in the bathroom and it occurred to him that Dean had already showered not even an hour before, but he figured that meant that maybe Dean knew what Cas was thinking and was now finding any way possible to distance himself from the former angel.
Dean described them as the daytime giants, and informed Castiel that the same people were much rowdier at night when they switched their beer out for much harder liquor. This was the only reason why Castiel remained cautious and purposely avoided making eye contact—as both Sam and Dean had told him that most strangers might not take kindly to being stared at. He thought it was best not to set them off. It was hard to say whether he could hold up in a fight anymore; not since his reflexes had slowed considerably and all his power had been stripped from him. As it turned out, skill couldn’t always combat strength. And he wasn’t about to test it anytime soon. But he sometimes thought he seemed foolish sitting there beside the hunter with nothing to offer him, not even the protection he was once able to provide.
Dean had had nothing but time to dwell over these reflections and cruel wonderings, which was more reason for him to want to lobotomise his grief. He’d rather the torment of feeling nothing at all to feeling everything all at once. Perhaps then he wouldn’t be staring at Castiel now with all rationality being swept out of his grasp.
Dean let out a heavy sigh and his posture visibly slackened. His back hunched and he crossed his arms tightly across his chest as if attempting to barricade himself from something. Or as though he was trying to hold something important within himself as it tried to break out. Dean never liked feeling vulnerable like this; not when it was real and true and demanding. The hunter had built a life out of repressing his fears and seeking refuge at the bottom of a bottle. Anything to avoid expressing his fears aloud for anyone to hear—even Sam. Even Cas.
Dean thought that perhaps nobody in Castiel’s life had ever shown mercy or weakness before. Neither the angels nor the demons ever hesitated to kill. Maybe, for the first time, Cas was fighting someone who didn’t wish to kill him.
The radio was quiet and did nothing to interrupt the silence that had fallen between them during the drive back to the motel, but neither of them reached out to turn up the volume; though Castiel’s hand had twitched a few times as he tried to draw enough courage to do it.
Dean visibly tensed, and it didn’t escape his notice when the hunter actually scooted forward to be as far away from him as possible without hindering his ability to drive. Castiel wiped the sweat from his brow and he pulled uncomfortably at the material of his shirt where the collar felt too tight like it was restricting his throat and constricting his chest. The backseat had to be shrinking. Or he had to be growing—which seemed far less likely.
Dean kissed him then. He took Cas’ bottom lip between his and kissed firmly and passionately. And Cas simply melted into it. He cupped Dean’s ass and pulled him in close, their hipbones brushing together. Dean gripped the front of Cas’ shirt, tugging at the material as if urging the buttons to undo themselves. Dean’s tongue traced his lip, longing to taste him. Castiel obliged him, parting his lips slightly.
“I don’t hear you singing,” Cas pointed out and crossed his arms. He rubbed his left arm absently and looked to Dean with pleading eyes.
This continued long into the night, the bottle emptying as each hour passed until he set the finished bottle aside. The room seemed to have blurred edges as anything and everything lost its detail, his heavy lidded eyes passing over them with disinterest. It was all his but none of it seemed to matter anymore. It was his home, yet it felt too cold and empty when it was one person short. His hand fumbled for the light switch and he clumsily shifted further back onto his bed and lied down. He stared into the dark abyss above his head and idly considered the prospect of it falling down on him—in a way, it very much felt like it had already.
Thanks for reading, guys! Wow... so that took a while. Sorry about the wait! With everything going on at the moment, there may be more time between chapters, but not to worry! I will still be updating both this story and my other one (Destiel: I Need You). I hope you enjoyed this chapter. Let me know in the comments what you thought! (I'm oddly happy with this chapter... odd because I'm never happy with my writing hahaha) :D
At the very least they had hoped that maybe they could distract themselves from it, but the TV was outdated and only had three channels that worked, and they had been arguing for hours before compromising and switching between two of the shows during ad breaks. The picture quality was barely passable, with the faces on screen sometimes not having any distinction so much so that they occasionally looked faceless. Still, they endured, since there was nowhere else to go and nothing else to do.
By the time Cas made it to the abandoned building by foot, his clothes were entirely soaked through. He stood shivering at the door with his arms wrapped tight across his chest, clasping the material of his heavy coat in either hand. The rain had picked up some ways back, drenching him within seconds. By now his skin was a few shades paler than normal. The wind had battled him all the way here, making the already sullen journey all the more perilous. He had barely been able to see the road ahead of him, let alone this desolate building surrounded by overgrowth.
His mind was in a fluster. He had most definitely done something he shouldn’t have. He knew this crossed a line of some kind—broken a rule he knew never to break. Castiel had done something so unspeakable and inappropriate in a space that wasn’t his own. Dean could never know. There was no physical sign to suggest he hadn’t just done exactly what Dean had granted him to. Yet Cas feared that Dean somehow knew already, despite being hours away in Sioux Falls. His immense guilt and embarrassment convinced him that Dean, either in his car or back in his bed, already suspected what he had just done, down to the last miniscule detail. And Cas thought—as irrational as the idea was—that Dean would return with accusations already on his tongue. All Cas could do was apologise, but he knew no number of repentant words could ever justify or remedy his actions. A part of him hoped that Dean would somehow understand, but he knew how slim the possibility was. Were it him, he likely wouldn’t fathom the reasoning behind it. But Dean was different. Dean was more experienced, adventurous, and even somewhat ambiguous—it was actually difficult to assume what Dean did or did not like, as there was more to him than Cas thought he knew. Dean always found a way to surprise him.
“Show me,” he instructed gently and waited for Dean to lower the blood soaked shirt from his head. Most of the blood had washed away from the lower half of Dean’s face in the rain, but his forehead was still caked in it and the wound itself was dark and bleeding a little. He was relieved to see that the flow of blood had slowed to a near stop and tentatively reached up to get a sense of how deep the gash actually was. Dean winced but said nothing and allowed the former angel to poke and prod at him.
“I’ll try, Dean,” Cas promised, “I’m not really sure what I should do. I sometimes wake myself up but not always and—”
Dean laughed softly, his green eyes igniting. “Well, yeah… I mean, I never thought we’d actually happen, you know? It was kind of like an unrealistic fantasy.”
Before Cas could say another word, Dean enveloped him in an overzealous hug that would have winded another human, but the angel seemed unbothered, with his arms still hanging at his sides. Dean buried his face into Castiel’s shoulder, both hands gripping the material of his dirty coat. Secretly, he breathed the angel in. Since Cas never perspired, he still smelled the same; like honey and vanilla.
“Oh. Well, I dunno. Different stuff, but mostly movies; horror movies specifically. Somehow they’re still fun to watch though they lose their edge a bit when you actually kill monsters for a living,” Dean explained thoughtfully. “It’s just kinda hard to keep up with the times, you know? I don’t remember seeing a movie that came out after the 90s.”
Dean could barely focus on the road and his foot was steadily pressing down harder on the accelerator. He knew he was going over the speed limit, but on a long open road like this, he could probably get away with it. Inwardly, he vowed to confiscate that cassette when they got home—Castiel hadn’t earned the right to hear it.
“It’s a wonder you haven’t accidentally killed yourself,” Dean sighed and pulled out of the gas station, “and this time there was already a warning sticker on it.”
“I don’t like the word romantic,” Dean wrinkled his nose, “I don’t know. It just doesn’t sit well with me.”
Once again Castiel had been rendered speechless, which, as Dean said, coming from him was rather serious. Rarely was Cas without words, even if they were the wrong ones or something unknowingly and innocently naïve. He always, even if it took him some time, found something to say. But now he had nothing, and he knew that this came to him in a state of permanence. He saw no appropriate descriptors finding him in future, or even inappropriate ones, and he didn’t dare do injustice to it by trying to use any old word in its place.
Castiel dropped to his knees, his erection uncomfortable in the confinement of his jeans. He ran his hands across Dean’s inner thighs, teasing him. Dean leaned back with his hands pressed firmly against the bed, his knuckles fisting the blankets beneath him. Dean’s erection, the head slick with pre-come, stood long and firm. Cas took a moment to appraise it, his bottom lip between his teeth. His heart was hammering. This was exactly as he had imagined: Dean bare and vulnerable and hungry for him. Cas finally licked up the underside of Dean’s cock, starting at the base, and then he flicked the tip with his tongue. Dean threw his head back, his breath coming loud and heavy. Clutching Dean’s hips, Cas took the head of Dean’s erection into his mouth and sucked. It was gentle and teasing at first, his tongue circling it wetly.
“Bullshit,” Dean dismissed him, his voice practically booming in contrast to the quiet music and the absolute stillness of the room. Castiel shivered. “If you’re a burden, then what the fuck does that make me?” Dean looked at him expectantly, waiting for an answer, but Cas didn’t have one to offer him.
The constant warfare was exhausting but Dean didn’t dare rest his eyes even for a second. Though he certainly dreamed of what a couple hours sleep would feel like. He yearned for it. And it was quickly becoming a desperate situation. So finding Benny, or rather, being found by Benny, was like a godsend.
Dean had somehow gotten ahead of him was now pulling on some socks before his shoes, eager again to head out and find somewhere to eat. Cas left him in the bathroom and dug first through his own bag for the missing belt and then resorted to looking through Dean’s as well. Neither of them had been paying much mind to what got packed where as they shared all their clothes and didn’t carry much else.
Castiel wished he could once again feel that excitement and illicitness of those long ago daydreams. He wished humanity and Earth appealed to him the way it once did. Cas wanted to see the same beauty he once had. It was still there of course… there for a second and gone the next. But, he realised that perhaps it never truly left at all. Sometimes he just couldn’t see it. The complexities that once fascinated him now haunted him instead. He was blinded by the dark ways of the world and suffocated by his small, helpless role inside it. The once-been angel badly imitating a human being.
“While we’re being unserious, I have to ask,” Dean said abruptly and grinned slyly at Cas. The hunter raised his eyebrows knowingly. “What was that back there? Near shoving me off the bed?”
Dean sat down with his back to the wall, his knees near pressed to his chest. He hung his head low and crossed his arms atop his knees. All his previous rage had withdrawn to his core, presumably settling there in wait—it could never truly pass. Not when it came to Castiel, at least.—now the hunter appeared small, maybe even numb.
“I’m glad you’re back, Sam,” Cas said eventually, shattering the void in the only way that felt right.
And maybe Dean’s love for Castiel had never really been reciprocated. And Dean decided that was fair. Though a part of him believed it weren’t true. It felt false on his own tongue to say that there hadn’t ever been
Dean felt a tightness in his chest that refused to alleviate. Each breath in seemed shallow and cold and he was very quickly unaware of anything else. For all he knew, Sam could have still been rambling, and Dean was just too lost to hear him. And it didn’t seem to matter, anyhow. Dean understood plenty, but the threat of repercussions, whilst serious, didn’t scare him the way they should.
The angel had dressed down: stripping off his coat and likely hanging it up on that lone hanger in the closet, kicking off his shoes and setting them neatly by his bed, and leaving his tie over the armrest of the chair.
Dean chuckled darkly, “I appreciate that. But right now that doesn’t really make any of this better. I could see you were hurt and confused, and I left you in the dark anyway.”
Dean carefully closed his door behind him, providing evidence to suggest he was fast asleep inside. And then he walked the few doors down to Castiel’s room and hesitated with his hand rested on the handle. Still, despite being awake for hours contemplating, Dean had no real idea what he was doing or why. He felt the need to say something but couldn’t think of the right words. The longing had been strong enough to lead him here despite rationality dictating why he should have stayed in bed.
Dean suddenly shrugged Castiel’s hands off him and walked swiftly out of the room and down the hall to his room.
When Cas didn’t respond, tilting his head in baffled surprise, Dean sighed in defeat and sifted through the bottom drawer under the sink and held out a small bag of bath salts. Cas took it and peered into the bag, giving the contents a curious sniff. He recognised it as the scent he sometimes found lingering on Dean—the one he always wondered about the origins of.
“Woah, woah, woah… let’s not go there,” Dean interjected quickly, laughing quietly despite himself. “I keep forgetting it’s back to square one with you.”
It was the one and only scar Cas allowed, deciding that it would be the one physical reminder of what they once were. The memory that would survive when and if all others perished.
He didn’t know what was right or wrong anymore. He was finding it harder all the time to deny the things he wanted and the things he missed. And now more than ever, he thought it impossible to ever say goodbye.
Dean guided Castiel to Sam’s bed and pushed him down onto it. He hooked his hands into the belt loop of Cas’ jeans and shimmied them off slowly, taking his time and making Cas wait. Little did Dean know, Cas wasn’t in any rush. Dean began to tug his own jeans off when Cas reached out and stopped him.
Unfortunately, just as the timing and the locations of the portals was spontaneous, the worlds they led to were equally impulsive. There seemed to be no rhyme nor reason to where the rips led them, and so they had ventured many times to worlds quite like their own, but just a little different. It was disconcerting in itself to see a timeline in which John had purchased the god-awful hippy van instead of the Impala, or a universe in which Sam and Dean had been born Samantha and Deanna. Dean was sure there were far more worlds lying in wait just beyond the realms of his reality, but he was far from eager to see them.
“Then what do you think we should do?” Sam asked and crossed his arms. “Do you think we should do nothing? Keep him chained up in the dungeon forever? Let Mum die in the apocalypse?”
Dean raised an eyebrow and had to force himself to expel the pride he felt at hearing that, like with Cas, he and Castiel shared a more profound bond. He couldn’t help but feel momentarily exhilarated by the thought. But he quickly cast it from his mind and banished it from ever returning.
How long had it been since Castiel truly saw the Earth—if he ever really got the chance before it all fell into destruction and chaos?
Dean laughed despite himself and good-heartedly punched Sam’s shoulder. Sam pretended to rub the impacted area in agony and swore under his breath, cursing Dean and any children he may one day have. It was like old times, just for a moment.
“We think that maybe the portals are opening in Jack’s vicinity, whether by accident or on purpose—”
“What the hell, Sam?” he cursed. He set his drink aside and stood up, staring down at the dark patch of denim. The keys clattered on the floor.
“I have no fucking idea,” Dean breathed, his body shuddering just at the pleasure of being touched through his jeans.
Dean’s wrists fought against Castiel’s grip, wanting to undress him entirely, but Cas wouldn’t let him—not yet. He liked this: Dean beneath him, begging for him and eager to give anything.
Dean smiled at him sadly, leaning into him, knowing the weight of Cas’ ghost wasn’t on his shoulders alone to bear. Castiel would help carry it too if only Dean allowed it.
Dean shook his head and took another quick drink, purposely turning his back in a futile attempt to conceal just how intoxicated he was, and just how lost he had become. He knew that what he had done was wrong, and he understood what made it wrong… and whilst he felt guilt at being caught, he did not regret doing it. Castiel had filled the void where Cas used to be, and kissing him made Dean feel whole again.
Dean made the sound again, but it was somehow emptier than before, “Right. Because you know what? Nobody made you do it.”
He averted his gaze and his once loving touch faltered and faded away entirely. His hands fell at his sides like dead weights, each and every finger suddenly numb with pins and needles; he couldn’t possibly make use of them even if he tried. Cas gnawed on his bottom lip, surely so hard that he could just about draw blood, and his already weak knees threatened to buckle beneath him.
He left his coffee to cool and bit into his PB&J. The waitress had meant well, but they had used strawberry jelly instead of grape. The taste lingered on his tongue and made his uneasy stomach churn. But he bit into it again and again until it was half gone. He blew gently onto his coffee and took a cautious sip. There was no sugar—not a single grain.
This time Cas was unwilling to speak. He stubbornly leaned back in his chair and the chains eased off his chest.
He did feel marginally better now that he had showered. Certainly a lot cleaner and more awake. But it was impossible to know how long the sensation would last. At least he had the sense now not to retreat back to his bed; new sheets or not. It was only a matter of time until Dean returned, and Cas didn’t wish to disappoint him by going back to the same pathetic position he had been in before. Sam and Dean deserved better than that. At the very least, he could find a way to be of some use to them. Even if only a little. After dressing in an oversized shirt and a loose pair of jeans, he made his way to the kitchen and peered at the cluttered remnants of what the Winchesters had left behind. Dirty dishes had been left soaking in the sink, most of the water having since evaporated. The benches were littered with crumbs and questionable stains from whatever sauces and drinks had been spilled. And Cas was sure that, were he to investigate further, he would find food turning mouldy or sour in the fridge. He realised he could start here.
Cas honestly didn’t feel ready to say goodbye or goodnight, but he knew he couldn’t keep Sam waiting, and Dean deserved a decent night’s sleep after the long week he had just endured. He swallowed the “don’t go” that he wanted to say, and instead said; “I will. I’ll see you soon.” The farewell felt less permanent that way as if Dean’s return was imminent rather than a distant idea.
‘You’, Cas thought but didn’t say. He pressed his cheek against his open palm and closed his eyes with a small shake of his head. “I don’t know, Dean. Uh, television, I suppose… Reading on occasion. I do quite enjoy hot showers. The smell of coffee in the morning. The feeling of clean sheets. Erm, bees are quite interesting—”
There was a long, heavy silence and Castiel didn’t move at all. Though Dean tried, he couldn’t meet his eye. He cleared his throat awkwardly, and resisted the temptation to stand and walk right up to the angel, and to put his arms around him. Dean couldn’t think how he should try to console him; assuming he should even try at all.
Cas leaned against the edge of the car with his palms pressed against the hood. He hung his head low and took a few broken breaths. His arms very barely shook; a mere unperceivable tremor, but a tremor all the same. Castiel was afraid. Very afraid. Afraid of what he must do, and that he may be too weak to do it. He was afraid of dying slow. He was afraid of what would become of him after.
“Look, Cas… this is obviously about what I said. The human thing… and I’m sorry. I think I just got kinda used to this, you know? It gets easy sometimes to forget that you didn’t ask for this to happen.” Dean said.
Each time he saw the tan coat in his peripheral vision, something akin to hope set alight like fire in his chest. There were those few torturous seconds in which he actually thought Cas had come home. He always did.
“I know how you get trapped in your own thoughts sometimes,” Dean explained, pausing to kiss him again. “You lose yourself in them.”
Castiel tentatively reached up and brushed his thumb across a bruise on Dean’s neck. Somehow, despite all the evidence, that one little bruise was the only thing that convinced him it was all real.
Sam’s phone suddenly rang and he stood upright to answer it. “Hey, Jody,” Sam said, peering at Dean. Sam lowered the phone to his chest to muffle the speaker. “Dean, stay here for a minute, okay? I’ll be back soon.”
The accusation stung and Cas recoiled. “I’m not avoiding Dean. I want to be—” He cut himself off, realising he was all too close to broaching a line he wasn’t meant to cross.
Dean smiled at him from the kitchen table and patted the stool next to him. Cas swallowed hard and stepped further into the room, deciding halfway to the table to sit opposite Dean instead of beside him. He wanted to be able to hide his hands beneath the tabletop to mask the deepening etches of his nails in his palms. He didn’t want Dean to see the jitter of his left knee. He didn’t even want to imagine how his face looked up close. He didn’t want Dean to recognise the pale shade of his skin or the heavy bags under his eyes that had only deepened from the lack of sleep the night before.
He could tell he wouldn’t last much longer, not since his anticipation had grown from the very first kiss and Dean just seemed to be everywhere at once; his body tingled with incredible sensations from head to foot. Cas gnawed on his lip, forcing back an unbelievable number of moans and he stared up to the dark, cavernous space of the car roof and thought dizzily about where they were and maybe where they would be the next morning. And to think he had almost rejected the night in its entirety; having nearly suggested they sit in an uncomfortable silence instead.
being ridiculous? Pot calling kettle black, don’t you think?” Dean grumbled. He focused on his phone, his hands shaking as he found Sam’s number and tried to call him. Cas watched on and slowly seated himself on the edge of the cot again. “Come on—” Dean grunted, shaking his phone and trying once more. He held the phone to his ear, his expression becoming more aggrieved as he couldn’t get through to his brother.
“You could have slept in my bed if you wanted. Nice clean sheets. And it doesn’t feel like 90 degrees in there either like it does here,” Dean offered, “I wouldn’t have minded.”
“You’re hopeless,” Dean teased, purposely mocking him as he finally joined him and sat down in the backseat; barely finding room with Castiel taking up most of the space. “Scoot over a bit would you?”
Castiel didn’t, his eyes still locked beyond Dean’s shoulder, and there came the abrupt sound of glass and plastic cracking, the spark of wires flaring for a brief moment before settling. Dean startled and turned around, shielding his face from the fine spray of glass that shot from the broken set. Castiel swept Dean’s other hand from his knee. Dean peered back at him warily, genuinely afraid of what else he could break.
They had stopped at a hotel that somehow proved to be even worse than the last one: with the carpet and wallpaper even more dilapidated than what Cas had already seen so far. Worse though was the strange smell that permeated the room. They had already tried opening the one, small solitary window on the far wall to air out the room, but the smell still lingered. And neither of them could describe what the odour actually was—each time they thought they had the appropriate descriptor they ended up reconsidering and deciding that it was something else entirely. It took them an hour before giving up on trying to label it and had simply tried to ignore it ever since. But time had done nothing to dull their senses.
Castiel wanted their last time to be different. He wanted it to be something Dean could think back on fondly. He needed the lasting memory of him to be lively and passionate; the way he truly felt in the stolen depths of his being. He wanted Dean to remember him and smile. As it stood, Cas was sure that Dean would one day stop and regret what he had done. It wasn’t fair. Dean deserved so much more. And Cas wished to leave with traces of Dean’s warm kisses on his skin and an ache between his legs where Dean had made him feel whole.
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel said, his voice thick and gruff. His eyes pierced Dean, boring into him with unapologetic composure.
“Please, just give it a little longer. I’ll call and tell you when it’s best to come home,” Dean said gently, “if you really, really need me, then I’ll be there. But, Sam… I mean
The tension between them right now was palpable. Dean was more often than not a fleeting figure that left the room just as Cas entered it. He was a shielded back that deflected every longing gaze and a hardened fist no tender hand could hold. On the rare occasion he lingered, Dean’s eyes were faraway pools which Cas would oft times swim in but could now only drown. His expression was lost and hazardous, a fire fuelled by Castiel’s unruly flares. Because Cas had
Their eyes met, both distraught. They had spent all this time searching for this very moment whilst both dreading they’d actually find it. Dean wanted to save his mother so bad—still believing she was there to be saved—but he wasn’t ready to pay with a sacrifice. Nobody had asked, but fate had a way of taking from him: taking and taking and taking until there was nothing but his broken soul left. And when it was all gone, Dean felt his body carry him rather than the other way around. He rotted from the inside first. It always begins at the core.
Castiel hesitated and rubbed at his steadily healing wounds. He was always uncomfortably aware of the stitches and gauze scattered across his body. The tight layers frequently kept him up at night, unable to toss and turn whichever way he liked. He was ready to be rid of them and was desperate to sleep deep and long afterward, hopefully with Dean nestled against his back—a prospect that seemed more and more distant with each passing day.
Then Castiel let him go, staring at him with agonized eyes but the posture of a deflated soldier—always trying to stand tall and fight for what was right, or good, or significant: and Dean still couldn’t believe that Cas seemed to think of him as all three. And he could never thank him enough for all he had done. Couldn’t put into words what his life had become since Castiel walked into it; quite literally in that shack all those years ago. Sparks flying and surrounding him symbolically in light.
Instead of nightmares, he simply dreamt of Dean and awoke missing him. But he was somehow capable of climbing back into the driver’s seat.
“You’re right, I did,” Dean granted, “but I also said it was tempting. I gave into it. Couldn’t help myself.”
In Dean’s absence, it all seemed a lot less problematic—he didn’t have to try so hard to conceal his true desires—but of course, this meant his mind was free to explore other things; things that sent him spiralling to a darker place from which he felt there was no return. Whenever Dean
avoiding him. He knew he couldn’t delay the truth forever, but he had been looking for the best time and way to address it ever since he first woke up in the hospital. He had clung to the desperate hope that he would have more time, even as it slipped all too quickly away from him. It would have been easier with some answers, a plan he could use to soften the blow. But he couldn’t leave things like this much longer. His silence was carving a wound that no amount of time could heal. He was wasting too much time longing for miracles that would never come. And the longer he bit his tongue, the further Dean would drift, and by then his grace would be gone. All their suffering would amount to absolutely nothing.
Dean gestured again for the angel to follow and this time Castiel did without argument, though there remained a perceivable tension in his posture and a hesitance in his stride. Dean walked ahead of him to the garage and checked the contents of the trunk, ensuring it was fully stocked with everything they could possibly need. With the uncertainty of these portals and the worlds they led to, Dean believed they were still completely unprepared. Castiel opened the car door with some difficulty and settled himself in the backseat, and Dean closed the door behind him to save him the trouble.
Dean fumbled for the door handle, refusing to leave the kiss for even a moment. The door pushed open at his back and Dean stumbled inside, falling hard to the floor and dragging Cas down with him. They fell together in a startled, half-undressed heap, their lips red and swollen from frantic kisses. Cas planted one hand on the floor beside Dean and quickly propped himself up, gazing down at Dean with wide eyes. Dean stared up at him with equal shock, his brow raised and mouth hanging open in an unspoken “oh.” Then, he began to giggle, quiet at first but then suddenly bursting at the seams. Cas peered down at their feet and saw the strip of Saran wrap trapped around Dean’s ankles.
some mistake. One that he planned to rectify; he was going to get Castiel home to where he belonged.
“I guess you would know what that’s like,” Purah granted and thumbed Castiel’s carved lips, “but… I never chose any of this. Do you know what I did in Heaven, Castiel? I was never like you. I wasn’t a soldier. I wasn’t a fighter. I never hurt anyone.”
But he hadn’t truly considered what would happen if his life crept into those worlds. Dean hadn’t cared. He had lost Mary, and he had lost Cas, and that was all that mattered.
“I don’t suppose I have any other choice,” Castiel huffed, but he was failing to hide a smile. He was almost as excited as he was nervous.
Quite simply, he loved Dean. And he loved the unexpected simplicity of it all. He found that being loved in return made the sensation of love itself into something he was rather than something he had. Though it remained unfathomable as to how that could be. Slowly, however, he learned that there was no purpose in questioning it.
“Music?” Cas had of course heard some music before, but he hadn’t ever really stopped to focus on it, instead having it there only as background noise.
It had been a while since Cas had last seen Dean this livid. And he had been the reason why back then, too.
Despite knowing this to be true, Dean still wouldn’t change a thing. He couldn’t even if he wanted to, but if changing the past meant burying Sam that night he was stabbed in the back, then Dean wouldn’t even hear of it. Sam was alive, and that’s all that mattered. And he knew that somehow, someway, he was going to find his way back to his little brother, and he was taking Cas with him.
He hoped the sacrifice was worth it. He hoped it was better this way—that he could correct his mistakes, and that Dean could find solace without him.
More to the point where it mattered not whose life he must take. More until that desperate plea for mercy no longer landed on deaf ears, instead fuelling his desire to kill. Until he wanted to hear the cries because they made him feel more alive. Dean had already begun to slip into this irreversible void from which he may never have returned. But that hadn’t stopped Cas from trying to bring him back from that edge.
“Rarely,” Dean admitted, “we usually just eat out or pick up what we can from gas stations. We’re on the move more than we are at home.”
“Your turn to babysit, Sammy,” Dean muttered sourly. He forcefully shut the door behind him and fled to his own room.
Dean relaxed some of the tension from his shoulders. He hadn’t noticed his muscles becoming so stiff in the first place. Relieved by the change of subject, he nodded. “Looks like it. It might close before he even gets there, but it’s good to be sure,” Dean said.
“See it wasn’t that I was weak. I was stronger than you. I pulled away. Nothing you could have done would have saved me, because I didn’t want to be saved.” Castiel admitted.
“I don’t understand,” Sam announced aloud to himself, throwing up his hands lividly before outright pushing the book in front of him as far away as the table would allow. Loose papers scattered and fluttered to the floor. Wordlessly, Dean stooped down to pick them up and he placed them back on the table in a haphazard pile. He didn’t think there was much more he could do to help. After all, he couldn’t have slept more than four hours over the past three days, and slowly but surely he was beginning to crash. Though, Dean thought that perhaps Sam had slept even less—he couldn’t be sure as Sam still disappeared for hours at a time, most likely withdrawing to the archives and researching there.
Cas’ cheeks went a pale pink when Dean hooked his fingers into his waistband and pulled the newspaper free. He was relieved not to have it digging horribly into his thigh anymore, but stared hopelessly at it, knowing he would never get the opportunity to read it.
“That’s not it. I’m just worried that maybe, if push comes to shove, you’ll pick them,” Dean said. The hunter gnawed on his lip. His fists clenched and unclenched. His jaw tensed. “I’m worried that something will happen and you won’t be there anymore.”
At that point they had no idea how much further they had to go, and Dean had to contemplate the idea that maybe Cas wasn’t strong enough to make it.
“You can just ignore me, you know. Or better yet, call me out on it. Toughen up and call me a douche. I’ll either stop or smack you one.”
“It’s your turn,” Dean said, gesturing wildly at the small television set. The sound had once again faded out until it appeared that the people pictured on the screen were simply miming.
“Oh, the pie.” Sam seemed hesitant to believe it though he was the one who perused the list and bought the ingredients.
Which was why Dean wouldn’t let Cas zap away on his own, making him endure the long car ride though Cas had commented numerous times that that method of travelling was slow. While Sam was perfectly good company, Dean liked the idea of having Cas sit in the back seat and hearing all his unusual commentary on the journey. He hadn’t wanted to give up his chance to spend more time with his angel, and he had known that Cas would feel obligated to meet Dean’s request not to fly off and leave them behind.
Sam followed him further into the room and stood with his hands open at his sides in disbelief. His tall frame made the room feel smaller, and Dean was tempted to ask him to leave—not that Sam would actually do as he was told.
“Cas? It’s just pie,” Dean said gently—too dazed to be hurt. “Pie-like,” he corrected, trying to lighten the mood. But Cas remained steeped in the dark.
He recalled the one time he had gotten too tired to drive, his eyes heavy and head drooping, his hands slipping dangerously low on the wheel. He had pulled over to the side of the road for a quick 20 minute rest. Then, with the startling flutter of his wings, Cas had appeared in the passenger seat. Dean had immediately sat upright, his eyes suddenly wide and alert. His racing heart had only settled once he recognised that there was no danger.
“Well, clearly I do, Dean, because so far you’ve been the reason why we’re missing them,” Sam argued.
It was in their nature to be cruel. No matter who to, and no matter what for. Heaven’s soldiers were expected to bleed but not to feel the pain. And they weren’t expected to love either, but they were ingrained to hate.
Suddenly, Castiel couldn’t even hear the music anymore. His pulse was pounding in his ears. As far as he was concerned, the room was completely bare, bar Dean. Cas cleared his throat awkwardly and turned his back to Dean again, hastily tugging at the covers and feigning a chill. In reality, he was paranoid about concealing the ever-growing bulge in his pyjama pants. He realised he was probably already safe from prying eyes, but made an extra effort to ensure it all the same. Trying hard not to focus too much on the discomfort between his legs, Cas listened for the music again, actually wishing that it was the loud rock music Dean usually listened to. He suspected that it would have provided a far better distraction.
“Thanks, captain obvious,” Dean groaned, unceremoniously shoving his phone back into his pocket and turning his back to Castiel.
As an hour passed into two, his focus was struck with images that he hadn’t procured on his own. They were put there, burning into his retinas. Since losing his grace, his dwindling communication with the angels had contained nothing but words. He heard their voices, often screaming and agonising over broken wings. Over time this had faded into nothing, until recently with the angel calling his name. Cas had been reduced to the bare minimum as if a trace of grace had granted him those few months of being something… more.
He looked at Castiel and tried it. Dean looked at Castiel and allowed Cas’ ghost to come into focus. And Dean saw him. Castiel must have taken some time to neaten his appearance: washing the dirt from his face and combing his usually dishevelled dark hair. His tie had been refastened at his neck—though forever twisted the wrong way round despite his efforts—and perhaps he had even attempted to wash the stains of his old world from his coat in the sink. It was such a human thing to do. A Cas thing. And Dean wondered how he hadn’t noticed before. Perhaps it was because he had been trying so hard to look without seeing. But now he couldn’t look away.
He could imagine that gruff declaration of loving words. The sheer desperation of them. Even the simplistic nature of his words and the sharp edge to his voice. It wasn’t a common thing to see Dean Winchester beg. So when he did, there was no denying him. Cas, of course, wished that had always been the case. There were times when Dean had begged Cas to discontinue the path he was on, and he had refused to yield. Every time, Cas should have listened.
“A compliment completely void of ulterior motive?” Cas cast him a knowing look and waited to see if Dean would dare lie.
Benny had survived just fine on his own, which was a strange thought since technically he was already dead. He didn’t need Dean in order to live, not since he’d grown accustomed to the wild planes and the raw purity Purgatory maintained. Were Dean to die, Benny would continue on just as he had before, which really seemed like worse a fate than death. Sure it was pure, but Benny couldn’t not resent it. There were things up top he needed to see, people he had unfinished business with, history he needed to bury. And he would be damned if Dean kept him from that. He was going to keep the hunter alive if it took everything he had, just as long as he got out. And if that meant finding the angel, well, then he’d find the angel.
Every part of Cas wanted to say no. To retrieve his blankets and hide beneath them. To be swallowed by the four walls of his room. But he didn't say it. The only thing worse than being granted the peace of dreams was to deny the Winchesters the appreciation they deserved. They had taken him in when all reason dictated that they ought to turn him away. They had given him a room to call his own and had given him free rein to the contents of the bunker, including the food in their fridge and full access to their bathroom. They had given him a few changes of clothes and a toothbrush. Before leaving on their hunt, Sam had moved the television into his room for him, but Cas hadn't so much as turned it on. Sam and Dean had gone beyond what he deserved to make him feel welcome and comfortable, giving him safety when he ought not to take it. After so many mistakes, each one somehow even more treacherous and irreversible than the last, he couldn't begin to fathom what it was that made him forgivable.
But he had never intended to be drawn to his friend; attracted to his emerald eyes and his damn-kissable lips and his broad shoulders and…  Cas had to stop and focus on something else. Anything else. Still in a daze, he dragged one of the blankets from the bed and settled himself on the couch; purposely laying the blanket over his lap in case he needed to conceal himself from Dean. But he needn’t had worried, because it was a long time before Dean opened the bathroom door and peeked his head out.
“No, there were. I just…” Cas paused to scratch behind his ear. He was sure the tips of them were tinted pink. “I fell asleep,” he decided. He thought it might be easiest to eliminate what had occurred in the time between putting his sheets in the wash and falling asleep here. The shower. The tapes. The magazine. The blissful moments of untethered sex as he masturbated to thoughts of Dean. And the second shower.
But now he could see what the angel wanted him to see as if he were looking through their eyes. He saw angels falling. He saw wings burning as they hit the atmosphere, feathers tearing away from their roots and dusting like a cloud of ash on the world below. He saw angels lying dead with the skeletal remains of what had once resembled wings as a shrivelled shadow at their back. He saw the angels suffering in a world they didn’t know or understand.
“Castiel thinks it may be possible to follow the energy Jack emits. Kind of like a beacon,” Sam explained finally.
He had to take it and make it enough to carry him. Because it was up to him to help the angels back home. To help Dean have a long and happy life—even if that meant Cas was no longer a part of it.
“He came here with the intention of helping us. If we just gave him a moment, I’m sure he’d try to do that.”
Castiel appeared to be sleeping when Dean pushed the door slightly ajar and peered inside. His head was dipped forward, his torso straining against the chains as his body weight was applied to them. As Dean cautiously stepped through the door, he recognised the shallow rise and fall of Castiel’s back as he breathed. But Castiel couldn’t be asleep. Angels didn’t sleep. That was unless they had been massively weakened; their grace stripped near bare to the bones, leaving them a mere shrivelled entity inside a vulnerable human body. It wasn’t unheard of, but it wasn’t exactly common either, and Castiel had done nothing strenuous to strip himself of power.
“You have shamed us. Defiled us. Slaughtered us. And then cast the last of us from our home. There is no forgiveness after that, Castiel.”
Sam was still clutching tightly onto his sleeve, pushing him toward the portal, but then Dean saw him. There, amongst the battling swarm of angels, was a dark-haired man wearing a trench coat, whose tie was twisted the wrong way round. There was Cas, angel blade in hand, his face and clothes splattered with demon blood and dusted with the ash of Earth.
It seemed wrong not to have Sam’s ridiculously long legs taking up far too much of the front seat, with his laptop propped up on his knees, somehow accessing the internet no matter how isolated from the population they became. He missed Sam’s mundane mumblings about the research he had conducted—far too many strenuous spent reading the most insignificant facts that completely enthralled him but bored Dean.
world. He wanted more time to pretend that he still had a future where he could say and do all the things he wanted but never allowed himself to.
Now he was making the heart choice rather than the smart choice; which was perhaps the most human decision he had ever made.
“I don’t understand,” Cas said, confused. Sam chuckled and gathered all the empty containers, wrappers, and his beer bottle, and disappeared down the hall towards the kitchen.
Castiel withdrew further and inched his way back to the foot of the bed from where he had come from, and planted himself there as though he was resuming the task of channel surfing. As if nothing had changed. As though he hadn’t caused any need for concern by acting without invitation.
“You don’t think it’s more of a risk taking him with us? What’s to stop him from turning around and stabbing us in the back and making a run for it?”
But then, alone without Dean’s eyes on him, Cas couldn’t sleep. His eyelids felt heavy and his attention was sparse, but still he couldn’t let himself go. His mortality was suddenly so real and physical in his chest and he couldn’t think beyond his missing grace and wings. He shouldn’t feel cramped or tired or cold. He shouldn’t have needed to stop twice for bathroom breaks since going back on the road. But nevertheless, he felt and needed all of those things, and he didn’t have anyone to blame aside from himself. And he imagined how the angels must feel with their own wings torn and useless, their way home sealed and their lives as they knew them, gone. This, too, was something he was held responsible for.
Dean shrugged uncomfortably and Cas tightened his arm around Dean’s waist, trying and failing to hold him in place.
He handed Purah the angel blade and then stood back, watching and waiting patiently for his turn. Purah tested the edge of the blade with her thumb and then cut open Castiel’s shirt. He flinched at the sound as it tore. There was nowhere he could go and nothing he could do. He was hers to play with. She could do whatever she pleased with him, no matter how frightful and callous those desires may be. There was no choice but to sit and endure her until she was done, and then Tabbris would have his way, cutting and hitting whatever was left of his unmarked skin.
“I haven’t seen Lucifer with my own eyes,” Castiel muttered finally, “and I haven’t seen your mother.”
Cas fell quiet and soon melted into the curve of Dean’s body; his back against Dean’s chest and the hunter’s knees rested perfectly behind his; their legs fitting together like two puzzle pieces. Despite it being a double-bed, they established a place together directly in the middle and the edges were cold with abandon. They silently agreed not to let each other go.
“This method is messy,” Cas complained, his hands now covered in sauce and grease. Back when his vessel had been hungry for red meat whilst under the effects of Famine’s power, he had consumed hundreds of burgers, but they were all neat in that they were made up only of bread, meat and sauce. But what he had here was nothing like that—there was far more to it, and he had yet to get used to it.
But then Cas was startled at what came to the table. It was a burger but the size of it was just baffling and there are so many fillings that he couldn’t recognise from just looking at them. He couldn’t understand how Dean could eat so much, and usually in such a short amount of time. Already Dean had dug into his own burger, squashing it down a little between his hands so he could bite into it.
Cas was immediately struck with surprise when he found it wasn’t as crowded inside as he had anticipated; with most people swarmed either at the bar or around the pool table in the corner. Fewer people were smoking than he had imagined and so he had a clearer picture of his surroundings which helped ease his nerves. The music was loud, and he could barely hear Dean over the noise until they distanced themselves from the speakers and found somewhere in the corner to sit down. Dean leant across the table and raised his voice a little to be clear over the music and asked what he wanted to drink.
Thank you so much for reading, guys!! I hoped you enjoyed this. And keep an eye out for my next Destiel story called 'The Road Trip', which I should hopefully be starting to upload soon (Have written over 18000 words so far in the first draft with a long way yet to go).-- Not canon compliant story of Dean and human Castiel taking a road trip together. I think you'll really like it.
Cas hitched his bag up more securely onto his shoulder and followed silently after Dean. He still felt unpleasantly cold and wanted nothing more than to shower and curl up in bed in the comfort of his—or rather, Dean’s—pyjamas. There was something to be said of this particular human experience that he hadn’t realised he had been missing, and was sure that it wouldn’t feel the same for an angel. Even now, were he to get his grace back, he imagined the impossibility of living a lifestyle like this without overthinking it. There were too many intricacies involved like the texture of the blankets and the recognition of changing temperatures without physically being able to feel it. There was still that simplicity to human kind that awed him where it disgusted others—where the angels saw reason to look down upon the humans as lesser beings created with the burden of mortality.
Cas stood huddled beside the pump and watched as the numbers ticked higher and higher. He felt the cash in his pocket, fearing he likely didn’t have enough to afford a full tank. Despite knowing it probably wasn’t enough for the remainder of his journey, Cas removed the nozzle with the tank barely half full. He hadn’t thought to bring any food or drink with him since he hadn’t exactly anticipated all these delays. Now he realised he would eventually need to fill his grovelling stomach and satisfy his parched tongue. Again, he was reminded of how inconvenient it was to be human. It aggrieved him to suffer as so many humans did every day. And to know there was nothing he could do to help them when he couldn’t even help himself.
“A little,” Cas admitted, lying only about the amount. He always missed Sam and Dean whenever they were apart. But, since losing his grace, he felt more aggrieved by the distance. By the utter isolation. He found he didn’t like to be alone. Since they’d left, Cas sometimes caught himself thinking of Dean and missing him. It had been difficult to ignore his absence.
Castiel shrugged grimly. His thoughts instantly went to death as a definition for ‘out’, but he refused to say as much. He saw no reason to make matters worse.
In the brief seconds outside absolute delirium, Castiel pictured the morning where he could wake up encircled protectively in Dean’s arms. He imagined their naked bodies pressed together so intimately, but with no sexual connotation aside from the blissful memory of the night before and the daydream of more nights together in future. He couldn’t even begin to understand where this notion came from, as he had yet to see as much in the movies and shows he saw and in the very few books he read.
“Meaning?” Cas asked, taking advantage of Dean’s sudden motionless and resumed his work. The collarbone was a difficult position to work with, and the cut was long and jagged, but he did what he could. Cas slowly finished applying the bandage and inspected his work, deciding whether he was satisfied with it or not.
Dean grinned, his eyes suddenly alight both in mischief and self-satisfaction. He too was aware of all the future mornings to come where he could wake Cas as he so pleased in exchange for a kiss or a tired embrace. Without discussion, it became apparent to both of them that Dean was secretly clingy at heart and a cuddler in nature. Something Castiel honestly hadn’t expected. Were it not the abominable hour, he would have been thrilled at the discovery.
Castiel braced himself and cast a wary glance to the hunter; worried that, in his state of emotional turmoil, he had pushed Dean too far too soon. After all, he had known not to expect anything—certainly never this much.  But he wanted answers. An explanation. To understand what he realised may never be understood. He’d concluded last night that his feelings for Dean were that of love, but he had little to no idea of what exactly that entailed. And he certainly wasn’t practiced in the art of love or how to give or receive it.
Somehow, though, Dean suspected his hope would be short-lived. That break was likely never coming again.
“I didn’t think I was supposed to comment on it,” Cas explained, his hand still on Dean’s thigh but his fingers now twitched lazily closer to his crotch.
“Indiana,” Cas said and peered at the map. Miraculously, it looked as though he was on the right track.
“What’s that you said about kindness? There’s nothing kind about insulting your brothers and sisters this way,” Tabbris stood at her back.
“I better bloody hope not. I don’t think there’s a name for what comes after yeti.” Dean laughed and Sam pushed him half-heartedly.
“What do you suppose I’ll do?” Castiel pointed out, lifting his cuffed wrists to emphasise his imprisonment.
Dean groaned and got up from his chair, making a show of limping all the while, to smack the side of the TV which they had learned would temporarily fix the volume before it would inevitably disappear again.
Glancing over, Cas could see hickeys on the skin of Dean’s neck and he blushed when he thought about how it was his lips that had made them. It was his kisses that had marked the hunter, but Dean had obviously tried to conceal them with the collar of his coat. Dean didn’t want people to see them. Maybe he didn’t want Cas to see them either, which was a painful thought Cas really wished he could reject. Unfortunately, Dean’s tense jaw and stiff composure said so much while the hunter actually said nothing at all.
He was sorry for running away, for abandoning Dean without so much as a note or a phone call, for not trying harder to be happy with what he had, and for making Dean feel like he wasn’t enough when he actually meant the world to him. There was so much to be sorry for, and not enough ways to express it.
But then he looked up from the sink and saw Castiel’s reflection in the mirror, standing just beyond his shoulder. It was the same face he’d left behind at the portal, facial hair and all, but Castiel’s gaze wasn’t that of desperation, instead it was that of heavy burden. Almost like he didn’t wish to be there.
Dean thrust into him again, his breath hot and heavy against the back of Castiel’s neck, and his lips brushed against his skin. Cas shivered and leaned his forehead against the wall. With every thrust, Cas felt a rush of adrenaline and untethered lust. There wasn’t a world outside of where they were. Dean whispered into his ear, every word said in the throes of desire. But there was something so soft about them. Even with Cas submissive against the wall, succumbing to Dean’s every wish and command, Dean’s voice was nothing but loving and genuine. And Cas wanted to believe him. He wanted to hear the delicate ache of honest and raw need and have it resolve any and all doubts he still had. But something inside him wouldn’t let go.
There had been something so pure about it. And perhaps that was why Dean had already taken to teaching Castiel many similar lessons. And Castiel had been just as eager to learn, always pushing for more and seeking a complex explanation behind even the most insignificant of lessons. Yet, something felt different this time. It wasn’t that Dean felt as though he wasn’t learning as much in return, because he was, about a whole other reality no less… but the purity was tainted somehow by something just beyond Dean’s understanding. Maybe it was the difference between years to months, or perhaps it was down to being saved by the dead and not by the living.
“You aren’t going it alone, Castiel,” Sam said and placed a hand on his shoulder, pushing him back toward the portal.
Thanks for reading, guys! This chapter has been a long time coming, and, again, I apologise for the wait. I think I finally have an ending in mind, so hopefully, there won't be as much time between chapters from now on (famous last words). In any case, I hope you enjoyed this chapter! :)
“Why would I?” Cas tilted his head a little to the side in confusion, with his brow furrowing into that familiar look of curiosity and bewilderment.
“It was the happiest I had ever been,” Cas admitted. He knew he ought to lie, if not just to make Dean eager to leave him behind. But it hurt enough to run, let alone to try to lie as to why he was doing it.
“So… what’s up, Martha Stewart?” Dean asked curiously. Cas could hear him turning off the heat and stirring the apples. The sizzling completely died down.
Dean got up from his seat and moved to sit across from Cas, wishing he could instead sit at his side and pull the angel into his arms. He wanted to embrace him; wanted to feel Castiel’s face nuzzle into the crook of his neck. He thought about burying his nose and lips into Cas’ hair, his hands lazily trailing up and down the length of Cas’ arms as he comforted him. He knew he’d never know the right words to say, but he hoped that his kisses could say what he needed Cas to know.
Ever since Jack had disappeared portals had been opening and closing in various locations around the country. He and Sam had been making ways to follow them but it was impossible to keep up. The portals oftentimes disappeared just as abruptly as they appeared, opening one second and closing the next before anyone even had the chance to process what they had seen. Similarly, there was simply no telling when and where they would show up. There was no discernible pattern in their whereabouts, though Sam had tirelessly searched for one. He could only theorize that they came as Jack left, or perhaps Jack himself had no control over the splits in time and space. Maybe they existed as a product of his abilities. A consequence of using a power too strong for this world.
“There you go,” Dean smiled softly, his green eyes tainted with concern, “feels good to stretch, yeah?”
“No,” Castiel said. He found it impossible to lie. A falsehood, even as simple as a yes, was too much for him to bear.
But when Dean had left, all these things had left with him, and Cas could never accurately replicate it. Something was always wrong, and he still didn’t understand what it was or why. He silently hoped that with Dean’s return all these comforts would come back to him too.
Dean was abruptly pulled back to reality and he felt a weakness in his knees like they couldn’t be trusted to keep him standing upright. He hesitated to look Castiel in the eye, afraid now of what he might do or say because everything seemed both right and wrong all at once. Kissing Cas seemed appropriate, and necessary, but also forbidden somehow—like Dean would be crossing an important line were he to pull Cas in and feel his lips against his own.
The broken bones throughout Dean’s body were once again intact, the agony immediately fading from them without a trace. Dean’s sight was suddenly restored, the white blurred edges of his vision clearing and bringing Cas entirely into focus.
“Fook oof,” Dean said around his food, wet flecks of spit and bread flying from his mouth. Cas absently wiped the table clean with a napkin. This time even he understood, and tried not to smile at the vulgar language.
“Cas!” his voice quivered and his eyes started to brim with unshed tears, wishing he was wrong; wishing there was still somehow a chance. He had already lost so much, and now he had lost the man he loved. But he still wasn’t ready to say good bye, and he doubted he ever would be. He just didn’t know where to go from here or what to do. His hands slipped away from Castiel’s face, hovering for a moment by his chest, wanting to hold the material of his shirt: wanting desperately to hold onto him.
And then they all disappeared from the car and appeared together in the middle of nowhere, illuminated by the bright split between worlds.
The longing to kiss Castiel came first when Dean saw him at the water’s edge. The sensation was strong, the allure of Castiel’s lips stunning Dean and his heart started to hammer in his chest. He just needed to be near Cas, touch Cas, hold Cas. He needed to embrace him and feel that he was really real.
Cas knew Dean only meant well. He was trying to silently make room for the former angel in the Winchester home.
“Dean?!” Cas dropped the blade with no regard for it or the dead body in front of him or the blood splatter staining his shirt and face. He cared only for Dean’s wellbeing, and the hunter was bleeding profusely now.
Thinking of it, Castiel thought it may be time to pray. There was no good in delaying any longer. And with his whole body on edge, the threat of a gun-toting man playing at his mind, Cas thought that the presence of an angel may be the best thing for him. They had called to him in desperation. They longed for saviour. Castiel was offering all he had to save them, and so he trusted that they wouldn’t kill him—not yet. He was better off with the angel than alone out here, still paranoid he was in trouble.
They were quiet for a moment, and then Dean cleared his throat, his eyes averted. “Right. And I’m asking you again… to stay. I want you here. Hell, I
The world of the apocalypse was no longer in their sights, and it was impossible to say when and if they would ever see it again. And instead of Mary, they now had the Castiel from another dimension. The trio scurried apart and took to their feet, Sam instinctively reaching for his brother. Dean still hadn’t begun to comprehend what was happening, and what choices had led to this, but the chance eluded him still as Castiel retrieved his angel blade and held it poised in warning.
It appeared as though they were stopped at a gas station, though it was impossible to tell where, and Cas decided that it didn’t matter. It didn’t seem as though there was an itinerary for their road trip, and there wasn’t a destination in mind either, which gave the journey a sense of endlessness—as if the two of them would be on the road forever. Castiel liked the sound of that though deep down he knew it wasn’t really the case. They would eventually have to return to the bunker, and Sam and Dean would resume their hunting and Cas would bury himself in the fictitious worlds from the television screen.
“That’s fucking humiliating, Cas. I needed you and you left me,” Dean resumed his pacing, the tremors steadily growing into quakes. Castiel could see Dean’s skin redden as heat rushed to his face; as if his blood was literally boiling. “Tell me you weren’t thinking. Tell me you were just that stupid.”
So instead of all that, he let the angel go and brushed his knuckles against Castiel’s facial hair. “Nice peach fuzz.”
“Well you weren’t wrong,” Dean emerged a few minutes later and turned off the lights before quickly climbing in beside Castiel. “Froze my ass off in there,” he complained.
If he did in fact imagine it, then that meant he could, hypothetically, force it out of existence. If it truly wasn’t real, then he had no excuse for still believing in it. That idea was as disquieting as it was unpleasant, and Dean found himself shunning it before it could take hold.
“Well, as a human I get to see everything through a new set of eyes. Everything is less focused, less detailed… Humans overlook a lot. But somehow that makes everything all the more beautiful, you know?”
“There are some tapes in my room,” Dean said, “some artists and tracks I never got around to showing you.”
it.” Dean insisted. Cas could tell that Dean was likely getting animated with his hands as he spoke, as he often did when he was passionate about the topic.
When Cas didn’t move on his own accord, Dean gestured for him to follow. He reluctantly went after him and murmured a quiet apology to Sam as he passed. When they reached the hall, Castiel kept going, leaving Dean behind in his wake. And Dean made no attempt to stop him.
Dean blinked, apparently startled and overwhelmed. But there flickered the acknowledgment that maybe Castiel was right. It was there in his eyes, and in the discernible flinch in his demeanour. Dean opened his mouth to protest. To lie. But then Sam peered around the open doorway, his brow furrowed.
“I’ve been trying to understand, Dean. But this—,” he gestured wildly to the blank television, “they’re only stories. I’m trying to learn lessons from fiction, and it’s confounding me. It’s like trying to replicate an already poor imitation of humankind… and I don’t even know what the point is anymore. I’m not sure I ever knew.”
Cas peered up at him, his blue eyes dipped in lost hope and profound pain. He hated having his own words thrown back at him like that. Because they didn’t apply here. It was absolutely true: Cas didn’t think he deserved to be saved—he knew it. But the words didn’t carry the same weight when passing through Dean’s lips. Cas was this empty shell of burden and wrongdoing and self-destroying arrogance.
He stared at the lobby of the motel as they entered, quickly discerning that the interior was as worn down as the exterior. The wallpaper drooped at the corners and the carpet was scuffed and stained with questionable substances. Even the check-in desk was chipped and marked with numerous coffee rings and ink splatter. It certainly wasn’t anything special, but it wasn’t unlike the hotels Sam and Dean had stayed in before, so Cas somehow found it comforting in its familiarity, and his shoulders finally started to loosen out of their previous tension.
The demon before Dean dared a few steps to the left, trying to angle themselves to an advantage, and Dean adjusted his stance accordingly.
Castiel suspected as much but had still felt compelled to ask. It was the only thing he could think of. It was the only thing he wanted before… before whatever is going to happen, happens. It was what Dean made him the first day he arrived at the bunker a weak and defeated human being. It was what Dean made him every subsequent day when every other dish went by untouched. It was what Dean prepared with care, cutting it diagonally into two triangles, with just the right amount of both peanut butter and jelly. The coffee never went well with it, but it was all that Cas ever felt compelled to drink. When all else had fallen apart, Cas had these things to comfort him. In many ways, they kept him alive.
His face was suddenly violently plunged back into the water and held there for a longer time. His broken nose hit the bottom and, with his eyes faintly open, he saw the water cloud red with his own blood. After that, he saw spots and the creeping dark edges as he began losing consciousness. His mouth, that had once refused to open, parted and flooded. As he tried to breathe, his throat and lungs filled. He felt heavy so quickly. His whole body was turning limp and the dead weight was heavy inside the confines of his vessel. It was suddenly a relief that his grace was gone, there couldn’t have possibly been room for it and death all at once. Castiel was breathing; drinking in the contents of bloody water and killing himself.
He stopped in the doorway to the kitchen with his hands clasped together in front of him, his fingers wringing together and pressing firmly into his palms. His nails dug deep into his skin, carving fine, red crescents into it. The tips of his fingers were beginning to go numb again, and he knew it wouldn’t be long until his hands could no longer feel anything other than pins and needles.
“K…keep going!” He ordered. He was almost too much of a quaking mess to get the words out, “oh…m...my fuck…”
Dean shook his head in disbelief. He refused to acknowledge the truth to Castiel’s words. He felt the weight of Cas’ ghost all the time, and, until now, only the act of imbibing liquor had set that weight free—at least for a time. Dean had been doing this to ignore what couldn’t ever be dismissed. In so many ways, it often felt easier to make himself feel worse instead of better.
For a long time, Dean had kept his drinking under control. He had been proud of himself while it lasted. He had distanced himself from his father in the way that mattered most—he was a good role model to Sam, and a reliable caretaker even when he was probably old enough to take care of himself. Which was usually more than what could be said of John.
“Or I’ll make you,” Dean threatened. The hunter only waited a few short moments before gripping the blanket and trying to tug it away from the former angel.
Sam joined him then, turning on the hose and using the cold water to soothe the minor burns to Castiel’s skin. It eased the pain only for a moment, but it all came back in sudden crashing waves the moment the water lifted from his reddened flesh. Desperately, he waved Sam off, unable to stand the recurring pain.
He moved and held Castiel’s face in his hands, caressing his cheeks, but all he felt was a body slowly turning cold.
Cas smiled to himself and dipped his head down so Dean couldn’t see it. It was the smallest of gestures, and Dean was downplaying the importance of it, but this was Dean opening his world up to Cas and giving him free rein to do what he liked with it. This was Dean letting Cas into his true home and saying; ‘move in’. This was Dean telling him exactly where he belonged and that he was wanted. And nothing could have made Castiel happier.
“Sorry,” Dean shook his head and stared straight out the windshield. His fingers, tensed into claws, tapped the top of the steering wheel. “I really don’t mean to be such an asshole.”
“Richmond. I don’t know anything more specific than that at this time,” Castiel explained, somewhat weary, “but I think I’ll cope once I get that far.”
“About me?” Cas asked, apprehensive. It certainly seemed like it was about Sam and Dean; Cas wasn’t really sure where he himself came into it.
“Well, you know, I was worried. I mean… you showed up here without your grace, all dinged up and exhausted. Then we take off barely a week later. Kinda felt like an ass for leaving you alone,” Dean explained quickly. He cleared his throat uncomfortably and kicked his feet up onto the table. He closed his eyes and tilted his head back against the seat, crossing his arms over his chest. As Dean moved, his shirt slipped to reveal dried blood across his collarbone. Cas quickly stood up to investigate.
Cas picked up the small glass first and eyed it for a moment before giving it a wary sniff. It was pungent and Cas wrinkled his nose is distaste but tossed it back at the same time as Dean. The hunter seemed well accustomed to the flavour and took to drinking his beer with ease whilst Cas made a face and pushed his empty glass away. He didn’t understand how Dean could drink this so easily and even go back for more, but he didn’t voice this and just shook his head before using his beer to take away the bad taste that lingered on his tongue.
