John seemed drawn to it by some sort of variant on gravity, and so Sherlock found himself also approaching the stall. The owner barely looked at them, as there were a couple of other customers already being served.
“See you in the morning, Sherlock,” John said, and Sherlock waited until he had closed the door of Mycroft’s old room before closing his own.
“No, that’s what I’m saying,” John insisted. “You know when you’re giving someone an injection and you have to get rid of the air bubbles?” He looked around for support, but saw blank faces except for Sherlock’s, whose gaze was intense and serious, but encouraging. “Because if you don’t and you push air into someone’s blood, it kills them almost instantly. So, I was just thinking, you might not need access to all sorts of chemicals to…” his voice faltered upon seeing no change in his companions’ expressions.
, Sherlock thought. He found John’s attempts at romantic entanglements quite pitiful; he didn’t seem to be able to hold anything down for more than a couple of weeks.
Sherlock was standing near the door of the toilet with police tape draped around it, speaking to an officer. John caught his eye. Sherlock discretely held up a finger –
“Me and Mike’ve got to go,” he explained. “Half an hour ‘til kick-off, so we’ve got to go be with the team.”
“Hey, John,” the boy replied, and Harry recognised his name; John had talked about him a few times before, had said he was a good friend. “Who’re you talking to?”
Sherlock had a small mole on his neck. John was watching the low light fall across the curves of his skin before it disappeared below his collar. As usual, Sherlock had the top couple of buttons undone, revealing a triangle of skin that tapered down from his…
Sherlock didn’t think about how their thighs pressed together, or the way he could feel John’s arm moving against his own as he settled. Instead, he began to explain the notes and where to position his hands. He reached across and plucked John’s hand from his lap, placing it gently on the keys, thumb on middle C.
His sister had posted a photo with Clara on Facebook, her hair even shorter than John’s now; Nadia Gazi had sent him a friend request. And
The exam was hard. John was still writing when the head invigilator called for the students to put their pens down.
“Just over two hours, I know,” Sherlock finished. “Yes, fine – but these are the only circumstances under which I will ever watch a James Bond movie with you.”
John kept his gaze on the back of the boy in front of him. Mike was three boys behind him. The Boscombe boys were doing the same to his right. And while he could see none of that, the knowledge was… nope, not comforting in the slightest.
There was a pause, before Sherlock turned his head and gave him a look so empty of conviction that John’s instinct kicked in and he raised a hand to his roommate’s face. His skin was icy. “You need to sleep.” Sherlock turned back to staring out of the window. “Sherlock, come on.” John said. “You mustn’t do this to yourself.”
“He teaches Italian, yes?” Sherlock asked, and Anderson affirmed it. “And does he have any friction with any particular boys in the house?”
John fell back on his pillow and felt the arms of sleep embracing him like a mother might, his lullaby his own breathing.
“Feels a bit weird,” John said, poking around in the communal breadbin in the kitchen of the common room. “Wandering about the house in my pyjamas at half eleven on a Monday morning.”
Sherlock stopped. His lips formed a silent ‘Oh,’ as understanding whipped through him. So much data gathered from this one piece of paper in his hands… Sherlock folded up the note and stuffed it in a drawer for future reference and began pacing, twirling his phone in his hands as he thought.
“I know. It will take some time. But I believe that being away from there, with all those memories, will help you so much. Honestly, John.” John looked down at his hands twisted in his lap. “By all means, honour your father’s memory. Remember him. But celebrate his life. Don’t dwell on his death. And try to think what he’d want you to do. He wouldn’t want you stuck in the past. He’d want you to enjoy your life, be brave, put yourself out there.”
“Yes, I know. But we heard something about him - someone said he beat someone up,” John said quietly, watching Muhammad’s face. “We heard he broke a kid’s ribs.”
“So this is what my thousands of pounds in school fees are going towards,” Mrs Watson joked. “For you to wake up to this every morning.”
) to appreciate the reality of a thirteen year old being snatched from a place of supposed safety. Nadia gave him a small, sad smile, and sat on her brother’s bed. She pulled a hoodie that had been abandoned on top of the duvet onto her lap and rubbed at it with a thumb.
“I take a bath in bleach, I know,” Sherlock finished, John’s small exhalation of laughter making his mouth curl upwards.
“They told him he had three days and I refused to sleep. He was unconscious for most of it, and the drugs they had to give him for the pain were so strong that he barely made sense when he did wake up. I remember only a couple of instances of lucidity but they were so short. Too short. On the last day, I was holding his hand and I blinked and when I woke up, the nurses were trying to loosen my grip so they could take him away. I missed it. I fucking missed it. And in a way I’m glad. Is that selfish? I don’t know.
“This whole not-arguing thing. You obviously have an issue with me joining the army, so let’s talk about it.”
“He keeps playing in the wrong key on purpose,” the boy seated at the piano muttered after a moment of strained silence. At this there came assorted agreements from the rest of the assembled, except the Hulk, who remained silent.
John nodded. He couldn’t think of anything else to say. Well, he could. But he knew Sherlock wouldn’t want to discuss that. Her. Discuss her.
“Well, to take my little brother home, if that’s all right with you, Mr Watson,” the man said, eyebrows raised.
John was searching fruitlessly for a way to ask Mike about Sherlock, but fortunately, Mike pointed the conversation that way himself.
Sherlock was walking with John down the road to the shorter boy’s house. It was mid-afternoon, the sun glaring down at them from behind a thin veil of clouds. They were both in school uniform, but they had tied their ties around their ankles, linking John’s left to Sherlock’s right like they were running a three legged race.
By the time John fell asleep, face illuminated for a few minutes by the light of his phone left resting on his chest –
“Er…” John racked his brains for any memory of such a person. “Oh! You mean married to Mr Turner the geography teacher, mother of Lottie Turner who does army with me, works in the tuck shop Mrs Turner?”
Had sex with her parents in the next room; had sex with own parents in the next room; walked in on own parents having sex; kissed a boy.
Sherlock stood there, feeling a little out of place, holding two bottles of beer and looking on. John was, as ever, perfect in his role as medic, an instant friend to this child. John made a joke Sherlock didn’t hear, and Louis laughed a small, hiccupping giggle, and the smile that bloomed on John’s face in response felt like a drop of warmth in Sherlock’s bloodstream.
“Good, because she’s with this guy called David these days,” Dan informed him, and John was pleased to find he was pleased for her.
He looked ragged. Undone. He was coming apart at the seams, his eyes red, sweat shining on his skin. His mouth was open, his breathing harsh and quick through it, his hair was wild.
“You know, John,” Lestrade yelled, and they stopped and peered over the banisters. “That boy next to you is going to grow up into a great man, whatever he does. But with you by his side, he might even turn out to be a good one.”
“You never know when you’ll need to burn something,” Sherlock said, face serious as a funeral, and Harry wasn’t sure if he was joking or not.
“You’re right,” he said quietly. Sherlock turned away from John and made to climb up onto his bed. “Except for one thing.” Sherlock froze, one foot on the ladder.
He watched as his friend calmly crossed the room. “Taken care of,” he said vaguely and sat on the bed next to the boy. And sat there.
The house smelt of old furniture and laundry. Did it always used to smell like this? It must have done, but he must only be noticing it now because he’d been away from it.
“I mean, it was clearly a metaphor, he wasn’t actually dead,” Mike was saying as they walked through Doyle after their English lesson, but John’s mind was elsewhere. He usually received a couple of texts from Sherlock during each period, regardless of whether Sherlock himself was in a class or not, generally something along the lines of
“Transport, yes, I know,” John finished wearily, “but the brain needs fuel too – I thought you’d know that, being such a child genius and all.”
“Oh, trust you to show me up,” John berated him, trying to sing the words he could remember as Sherlock continued.
“It’s not as if I could lead a sodding party of people into that house, discretion was the priority,” Sherlock reasoned. “Besides, three’s a crowd, and all that.”
“Uh,” John said as he craned his neck as subtly as possible, but an older couple swayed their way into his line of vision and obscured his view. “I can’t tell, people are in the way now.”
I just wanted to say a massive THANK YOU to everyone who has read and commented and left kudos and just wow, I did not expect so many people to be so lovely. I'm sorry about sporadic updates, but 'tis a busy year and I am a procrastinator. So, yes; thank you, thank you, thank you for all your support - you are all such wonderful people and I hope to be seeing you soon x
He touched two fingers to the boy’s neck, held his breath. Yes, there – a pulse, a pulse – he pulled open his eyelids – no discolouration, just rolled back. Track marks on his arm – find the needle? No, that could come later – move him? Think back to first aid courses – mind blank – fuck. Maybe? Depends on the nature of – fuck – of – of – no, don’t move him. Not supposed to. Should call someone – who? Not the san, he’d be expelled, they’d have to tell. Who would have had experience with this, with Sherlock?
Sherlock went to the pool that night, but couldn’t concentrate. Now that Victor was gone, he’d had to steal the keys to the back door of the male changing rooms to get in: much less glamourous. He’d swum a few lengths, but found his mind wandering all over the place, so he got out and sat on the side, legs dangling in the still water.
As he marched down the passage John didn’t know what there was. He knew the case had pushed Sherlock, but he didn’t realise how far. The thought of him relapsing had never crossed his mind. John had thought he’d been clean. Apart from when he’d turned up at his house over the holiday. And then in his kitchen –
He had tried knocking on the door of his house, but Harry must have gone out. He was rummaging in the pockets of his rugby bag when he heard his name being called.
John blinked. Was that what he had been doing? He realised it might have been. John didn’t know what to say. He supposed he hadn’t really achieved anything. There was no way Charlie would stop posting, and he himself would probably appear on the page by the morning. But he felt better, on his walk back to Doyle. Like he’d done something with the pent-up energy that had been building all day.
“Second place goes to a house who wowed us last year and this year were almost as technically perfect as our winner. Their performance built beautifully, and that performance was Funke with
John was laughing, along with Mrs Hudson, at Sherlock’s mortified expression, so he couldn’t answer for a moment. “Because it was funny.”
The next day in his chemistry lesson, John could feel Anderson and Sally glaring daggers at the back of his head, and he could only just fight the somewhat smug smile he could feel on his own features.
Silence descended upon the small room again, and John knew a hundred and one questions still remained to be asked, because he’d asked himself all of them and more, over and over and over again, and he’d never found answers to any of them.
John felt his lips part in a silent gasp. John dying. John dying was what the army meant to Sherlock. “It’d be much more mundane - very little actual combat - ” he heard himself saying weakly.
“Well?” Harry persisted. John watched his mum’s eyes crinkle over the top of her mug and fixed his sister with a smirk of his own.
“Essential skill for disguising oneself effectively,” Sherlock replied, moving back into John’s space and tilting his head up with a gentle push. “Close your eyes and stay still.”
“I don’t believe it for a second.” John dismissed as he took the second package, wrapped in the same paper as the first. It felt much the same as Harry’s did, but firmer and heavier.
“Congratulations,” he said, and John took a step towards him and for a moment Sherlock thought he was going to kiss him, but he was simply squeezing past him to walk up to the stage.
“Thanks,” John said, searching for a way to phrase his next request. “And, uh, could I, maybe, not, uh…”
He had done it ever since he was six, maybe six and a half, when he had read a book about sleep disorders because Mycroft had left it lying around. He counted his pulse, as it dropped. He counted his breaths, as they softened. He tried to identify when he slipped from alpha to theta, but had only succeeded once. That time, he remembered, he had been fifteen and falling from a high like a skyscraper, and he had been concentrating so hard on feeling his sleep cycles that he had slid into a lucid dream without realising. The dream itself had been boring, quotidian – he had been arguing with his brother, and his mother had told him off. He had sought Redbeard out, but of course, he was nowhere to be found. He only existed in Sherlock’s mind palace, waiting for him on the hearth rug.
Sherlock felt his mouth drop open, felt his chest constrict. He went to turn away, to cover himself, but then John said,
“You have a younger brother. You didn’t used to get on with him when you were little, I presume; brothers rarely do. You didn’t really mind leaving your old school, as is shown by your lack of desire to keep in touch with your friends from back home, or your family, come to think of it. Your phone has flashed multiple times with incoming texts; Harry Watson, Mum Watson. You organise your contacts by surname, you're making it easy for me. An unsaved number - you mustn't care very much about that person, am I right? One interesting thing - nothing from your father. Suggests he's absent, doesn't care all that much about you - or dead, of course."
Mycroft looked exactly the same to John. Pristine clothes, carefully arranged expression. That woman Anthea was behind him again, texting still. John’s meeting with her felt to him like years ago.
“And the answer to the question you’ve all been asking is; no, you do not get paid. But money should not be an incentive to further your learning and you should all consider this, as it would look fantastic on your UCAS forms.”
“I’m going to go see what they’re doing,” John said mainly to himself, for lack of anything better to say or do, getting up and descending the ladder. Sherlock gave him a barely-listening hum in reply.
John didn’t laugh at him. Not maliciously, anyway. He laughed at him like he thought Sherlock was amusing. John didn’t mock him – not maliciously. He mocked him like he was joking. Like he meant the opposite of what he was saying. He mocked him with a gentleness that Sherlock had only observed from afar.
He took a breath and turned, heading for the door. Just as he stepped over the threshold into the corridor, however, a low buzz erupted from inside his room – the sound of his phone vibrating on his desk where he’d left it.
“Was he good looking?” Eric asked, and everyone looked at him. “What? Is that not something you’d ask if we were talking about a girl?”
“Don’t trust me,” Sherlock finished. John sighed. “I’m doing well, John. And besides, you made me make that stupid promise in the kitchen.”
“So, good New Year’s, was it, then?” John teased. The Watsons stood in their living room surveying their work, and realising that they had never seen their house more clean.
Content warnings for vomiting, a character not eating, a situation involving animals and fire, and suicide. For details and how to skip, please see
“Yeah, we miss you, man, it’ll be just like old times,” Pete added. “And Sherlock can come too if he wants.”
The boy, really extraordinarily tiny, with dark hair and eyes like pools of black light, turned to him. “I’m here for a physiotherapy appointment.”
“No, really, they were. It was good, I was good. But then they started getting worse again, in the last few weeks before school, before Bart’s. I knew you’d freak out if I said anything, and I could handle it anyway. I can handle it, Harry.”
John sighed. Against his better judgement, he reached out and caught the boy by the arm as he began to walk away. Anderson looked at him, down at his hand where it was gripping his forearm, and back to his face. John let go.
The other two cronies burst into loud laughter, and John could feel anger coiling in his gut. He was about to open his mouth to retaliate when Sherlock rounded the corner, not acknowledging the boys’ presence.
Content warning for a description of drug overdose by a minor. To avoid, please skip the part between the sentences "Lestrade had already had..." and ""Never have I ever robbed a shop..." Open this information in another tab
They had to push through the Pullman boys returning to their seats, but they found the door to the backstage area without too much hassle. They sidled into the bathroom without being noticed as they heard the audience fall quiet in anticipation of the next song.
“Obviously not,” John said, feeling stupid. It was one of the few times John remembered that he hadn’t been to St Bart’s for years, as it sometimes felt, unlike the six hundred other people in the school.
“I think that whatever my opinion on the matter, you’re just going to go ahead and do it anyway,” Sherlock replied, making his brother sigh.
“It’s disgusting,” Sherlock said, truthfully. And yet he found himself taking another gulp, if only to feel it coating his throat in its sickly-sweet warmth as it ran down his oesophagus.
John pushed him in the side, hard, out of the way of the oncoming car. Heard him calling him an idiot. Calling him stupid.
“Look.” He held up the envelope, and after a few seconds of John looking at it blankly, explained, “It’s the same handwriting as the graffiti.”
“For most of the first half term, Sherlock had been stealing equipment from the science labs. The thefts were very cleverly done, I have to admit. About once every couple of days, we’d come back to house to find Sherlock with another test tube, or spatula, or bottle of acid on his desk. I was in his classes for sciences and I swear to god, I never saw him take anything. I was even his lab partner for a bit, and I spent way too much time watching his hands to try and catch him at it, but I was still none the wiser by the time the seating plan changed. Those kinds of things break such a lot anyway that the teachers never even noticed that stuff was going missing.”
His friend was sitting on the floor a couple of feet away from him, sketchpad in his lap. He seemed to be concentrating, hands slightly raised over the paper as if working out proportions and spacing in his head. He made a small sound and got up, flicking the main lights off and fiddling with something on his own desk that Sherlock couldn’t quite see from his angle.
“They didn’t really expect it, to be honest,” he continued, sitting on his own desk and watching his roommate at work.
Victor hummed and crouched down and rummaged under his bed. When he straightened up again, he had his fist closed. He walked back to Sherlock and opened his fingers. In his palm lay two pills.
posting something, but of someone mentioning his own username in a comment. John navigated to the post - the first one
And the rest of the swimmers at the deep end of the pool, words intelligible. He raised his eyes for a moment, saw them all crouched on the side, slapping the tiles, mouths open in primal shouts.
When he lay back down on the fridge, it was for the last time that evening. He was glad to put his shirt back on when John finally finished with the drawing, but only because, he was pleasantly surprised to realise, he had become really rather chilly.
“For Christ’s sake,” Sherlock spat, pushing past John to stand inches from Eddie, who blanched. “That is literally the worst idea I have ever heard, and I live with
Sherlock groaned. “Can’t you do it for me?” he whined, knowing the petulance in his tone would irritate John but
“I honestly don’t know. I don’t think he’d tell me if I asked.” His mum said nothing. “Do you want me to go and wake Harry and Clara?”
“Exactly! She doesn’t know what she’s on about, can’t teach to save her life,” the other boy grumbled, slowing down as they reached room nineteen. “Anyway, I’ll see you later, John,”
Friday passed in a sludge of revision for John. Sherlock went to his anthropology exam, came back. Said it went fine. Said his nausea wasn’t too bad. The evening came: the rest of the lower sixth seemed in good spirits, and celebrated the halfway point of the exam period by playing a video game in the common room. John convinced Sherlock to stay for a little while after dinner and watch them. John kept stealing little glances over at his roommate and thought he saw a small, amused smile curling on his lips. But soon enough, he grew bored and John followed him back to their room.
John was fine, the concussion having basically faded within the next hour. He was a little put out that he couldn’t finish his rugby practise, but other than that –
John laughed. It was either that or punching the twat. “Fucking diva, you are,” Sherlock’s eye-roll was practically audible. “When do rehearsals start?”
The sound of their feet on the old staircase, the wood creaking beneath them. The mess of Sherlock’s hair in front of him.
Sooner than John would have expected, they launched into the first chorus, and his arms seemed to move of their own accord as the choreography seemed more muscle memory that anything else by then, and he was surprised to find the grin plastered on his face was not false in the slightest.
, Sherlock thought. It was getting shaggy, his fringe getting a little too long. Unkempt in sleep, it was all over his forehead.
He heard Sherlock pause in whatever he was doing. “John… have you got amnesia too? Can I do a blood test – no, better, can I take a urine sample so– ?”
“Well, not quite a genius, but certainly above average,” Sherlock said, and suddenly he was off, buzzing, pacing, hands to his lips in the way that he did when an idea was unscrambling itself in his brain. “Air in the bloodstream basically induces a heart attack – someone only needed to have one needle to kill all three of these animals – I need to take blood samples.”
“You forget, John,” Sherlock said quietly. “That Anderson has given me more bruises than I care to remember, and Donovan encouraged him.”
Early the next morning, John awoke suddenly. He looked across the room; Sherlock was asleep in his bed. The room was silent. John sifted through his muddy thoughts, still thick and heavy from sleep. He didn’t recall a nightmare - the way his heart was beating was not the same panicked, flailing flutter he felt when he awoke from those dreams. It was beating heavier, slower, his breathing catching a different place in his chest. And then his dream came back to him.
He felt a hand catch his and hold it up. He looked at John, who had his eyebrows raised. “There,” the shorter boy said. “Now we match.”
“You look like that sand castle’s offended you,” John said, grinning at the expression on his friend’s little face. He had a plastic shovel in one hand and appeared to be patting down the sand of the roof of a sandcastle with it. “It’s your hair I can’t get over, Jesus...”
Sherlock saw John punch the air and open his mouth in a cry of triumph he couldn’t hear as he felt himself jostled on all sides by the spectators seemingly vibrating with joy.
“I’m not going to ask you to show them to me unless you want to, they’re private. But what kinds of things have you been drawing?”
“Hooper, your isolation’s up.” The teacher at the door said. “Lunch is just about to end. Go and get your books for your next lesson.”
After two more lessons, it was lunch. Sherlock was nowhere to be seen, so John went and sat with Mike and his friends. They chatted about this and that, and John soon left them in search of his roommate.
Mrs Turner nodded once, and just as she turned to go to the machine, John felt Sherlock press himself against his side and add,
Sherlock looked at him and narrowed his eyes. “Mmmm, no it’s not,” he put the mirror down. “At least, you don’t think so.”
“I thought she was overreacting about something trivial, initially. I was going to tell her to find help elsewhere, but then I saw her ring.”
His hand was still resting on the cool stone of the windowsill and he retracted it quickly. He stood for a moment, breathing slowly.
He turned to her, but what he was about to say evaporated from his mind as he saw a purple bruise on her cheek, badly disguised with makeup.
“Anyway. I was hoping,” she said, hopping down from the desk and indicating for him to follow her out of the classroom, “that I could ask you your advice on this particular piece I want to write. You see, I find your roommate fascinating. I’ve had half an eye on him since he was in year nine and I’ve always wondered, how does a person end up like that?”
“John Watson, if you buy your sister stilettos for her birthday, I will ban you from this household, do you hear me?” His mum ruled.
Edit as of 06.05.2020 - I deleted the 'placeholder' chapter that followed this one in order to make way for the actual chapter 33. Unfortunately, that means all of your beautiful comments got deleted too - but I read and replied to every single one. I cannot express enough how much your continued support means to me. A long (but also incredibly short) year has passed since I posted that placeholder and I finally have a new chapter ready for you. See you in a few days.
Mike and the rest of the lower sixth were sitting on and around a sofa on the far side of the room. Mike indicated for John to go over to them, a worried furrow between his brows.
John snorted. “Don’t judge a book by its cover, Mr Holmes. I may not be a primadonna, but I’ve done my fair share of dancing.”
“For crying out loud,” Sherlock breathed. “All of that is unnecessary and messy and disadvantageous. I only did what he wanted to get more drugs. Okay?”
“Death after twenty four hours, unconsciousness after twelve; that only applies if you’re, for example, hanging from your ankles or something like that.”
John and Sherlock stood at the window, side by side. John felt the wind buffeting him, blowing his hair away from his head and a shiver down his spine. This was Sherlock’s roof. John felt overwhelmed. By the darkness of the night, by the brightness of the stars and the moon, by the icy air, by the gentleness of Sherlock’s admission.
Sherlock took blood samples from each of the animals, pocketed the vials, and stood up. He seemed to be waiting for someone to say something.
Sherlock was sitting on the arm of a sofa, in a group of around ten other Doyle boys. He was saying something about freestyling and butterflies, and it took John a second to work out that he was talking about swimming. And then it hit him.
“Saint Bart’s Herald, one pound, special Boscombe game discount, last issue of the term!” and Sherlock remembered the email from Kitty Riley that he had forgotten about in the mess that had been the last few weeks.
John leant against the wall of the entrance to the tube station eyeing the leaden sky suspiciously. There was the after-taste of rain in the air, and his hair was still slightly damp from the retreating downpour.
Sherlock turned to look at him, and John realised he must have been watching him for a little too long.
“Reminds me of Christmas at home,” John said, and his voice betrayed neither sadness nor happiness, simply a bittersweet-ness, a wistfulness.
“Oh, I don’t know. Really… old, cold buildings with teachers who were all ancient and, like, beat you - the kind of stuff you see in period dramas on telly.”
He and Sherlock texted until around midnight, when Sherlock told him to go to sleep. Which John did with a smile on his face.
“Where’ve you been?” Harry called accusingly from the sofa as John walked past the living room door and up the stairs. “Rugby finished, like, an hour ago,”
. Victor was in a green uniform with heavy boots, raking a flower bed. He didn’t usually work Sundays; punishment from his father for something. Probably caught high again.
“What?” John caught his arm, confused. “That’s all right, Jamie,” he said, turning back to the other boy. “I've got one. Thanks, though.”
“That’s a cheery way to start a conversation,” John replied lightly. Sherlock said nothing. “It’s going to rain again, come on,”
“Obviously, we had no idea where Sherlock spent his time if it wasn’t the dorm – when he wasn’t in lessons, he seemed to vanish off the face of the earth. We would have presumed that he spent his days visiting friends in other houses, except, well. It was Sherlock. He doesn't have any friends.
sorry, but you’ll just have to go without.” At this, she rose, walked to him, and placed a perfect, poisonous kiss on his cheek.
“So, what exactly are we doing running through the woods at night, having caused a school-wide power outage?” asked John, trying not to slip on the wet leaves underfoot.
“After a couple of months of that, I broke up with Mary, and then a couple of weeks later, when I came out of therapy, there he was, sitting in the waiting room. But he looked different, and I realised I hadn’t seen him at the supermarket for, like, three weeks. I smiled at him, tried not to look like I was surprised, and walked past. But then I turned back and I saw what was different about him. The left side of his face had been really badly burnt.”
“Okay, okay, shut up, you brats,” Lestrade was shouting, and the noise died down. “Alright. I have done some calculations, spoken to some other House Masters, and assuming they were all telling the truth, I can tell you where we came.”
In the shower, Sherlock’s mind began to reboot. The previous night was lacking in clarity. He walked into the living room of his mind palace to find a tip he didn’t remember creating the night before.
“I started waiting for him after therapy, and we’d spend the rest of the afternoon together. The first time I went round his house was after therapy. He lived quite far away from me now – he said he used to live closer, before. But now the Tube journey was, like, half an hour from mine, even on a Sunday, which is when our therapy sessions were. Still are, come to think of it. He never came round mine, though. He didn’t like being around people he didn’t know, so we never took the Tube to his, only ever walked, even though it took three quarters of an hour because we had to take all these back streets.
It was bad that night. John was thrashing in his duvet, limbs entangled, gasping and sobbing and he was going to choke as his movements became ever more frantic – he threw his duvet off himself and scrambled to the ladder. Sherlock was on his feet, Latin falling to the floor. John put a foot on a rung but slipped, as his limbs seemed not to be under his control. Sherlock had moved to his side and was calling his name as loud as he dared, but John didn’t react as he stumbled to the floor, feet too heavy and arms useless, reaching for something on his desk as he pushed past Sherlock, breathing one word, disyllabic, over and over again like a prayer. He fumbled among his belongings, by chance catching what he was looking for and clutching it in his shaking fingers – his phone. John tried to unlock it but his fingers were shaking too much and the tears were coating his cheeks shiny wet, his vision no doubt blurry and indistinct. He seemed to become more and more agitated, face screwed up and breathing harsh and loud, too loud. Only when he dropped his phone and his legs gave out from underneath him and whispered – “Can’t -,” that Sherlock realised what was happening.
“He’s been what, Sherlock?” he said softly. Sherlock opened his mouth but nothing came out. “Sherlock. What’s Dave been? Answer me.”
“I… she… seems like a very successful socialite,” John replied delicately, feeling Sherlock’s scrutinising gaze on his face.
Before he had even made a decision, Sherlock swept the books he had been considering off the shelf and strode to the front desk. He tapped his foot impatiently as the librarian scanned them (he was sure she was going slower than usual, probably still grouchy about those two-year overdue books that he had only just returned), and as soon as she was finished, he grabbed them and left the building.
He waited, listening to the traffic on the street below. Another thing he’d noticed upon his return: the congestion charge had done fuck all.
He fought to keep underwater until his lungs began to sting. He broke the surface, a great gulp of air rushing in. he forced himself to keep his vision trained on the end of the pool, to pay no attention to who was next to him.
When he returned to Doyle, room twenty-one was empty. John tried to relax. He reached for his sketchpad where he had tucked it in a drawer a couple of months previously, hoping the old feeling of pencil on paper would distract him. It did not.
John could see, sometimes, that Sherlock was close to an edge. The edge between what and what he wasn’t exactly sure, but he did sense a potential in his friend, like water underneath ice. He’d never felt even a semblance of unsafe in his friend’s presence, could only see humanity in his eyes. But John had wondered, in the depths of nights when he couldn’t sleep, what it would take to push Sherlock over that edge. And then felt horribly guilty, as Sherlock played him something on his violin, or deduced something just to make John laugh. John knew Sherlock as no others did: wholly, truly, deeply. And what made him human was his choice to be just that.
John sighed. “Well, then, I suppose I’d better get back behind the desk, then,” he said after a moment.
It was night; the moon was full and close, he could see streaks and mottled patches of grey on its surface. It lit, with its fraudulent light, the field, like a floodlight, throwing everything into sharp contrast.
John, as reliable as ever, had burst in, extricated them both from the situation, and then everything had started to go downhill. Which was an understatement.
“You don’t mind paying do you? I think I left my wallet in our room,” Sherlock’s face was all pastel colours, a copy of the softness that reshapes the features of every lover, subtle, but there all the same.
It was grey as Sherlock had promised, made from an almost tweed-like material, shaped and stylish. He took off his jumper and put the blazer on, closing his bedroom door to revel the mirror on the back of it. He stood in front of it. Sherlock must have known every last detail of his measurements somehow – John tried not to ponder that too hard – because it fit like a glove. John ran his hands down the fabric, feeling a small spark of something in his stomach. Something like excitement.
He was exhausted. He’d exhausted his mind, he’d exhausted the information in it, he’d exhausted himself. It was a long time to go without food and sleep, he knew that. He had also gone for longer.
Sherlock had no clue what the time was, and had no desire to. He only knew that he never wanted the sun to rise if it meant the end to whatever this night had become, this bubble in which he’d held John’s hand and his waist and showed him the stars.
“That it was,” Sherlock grinned. John grinned back. Unashamedly, unabashedly, unapologetically. There and then, after having not slept for days, after having split his hand on someone else’s nose, after having laughed himself winded with his madman of a best friend, John felt happier than he had in a long time. He felt alive again, after so long dead.
John joined the audience next to Mrs Hudson. He felt a small eddy of nerves in his stomach for Sherlock, though he knew better than to worry about him.
“No kiss goodbye?” Victor called after him. Sherlock held his composure until he’d tiptoed out of the Trevor household, whereupon he shivered violently, wiped his face with his sleeve and spat a good few times onto the ground.
“I wouldn’t have to be indiscreet if you didn’t text me and then get pissed off if I didn’t reply within three seconds,” John replied. Sherlock only raised his eyebrows, so the shorter boy tried to get the seriousness of the situation across. “You know she reads out your texts if she confiscates your phone.”
He tried to list the places Sherlock may have run off to, but that turned up frighteningly few results. John sometimes forgot that he had only known Sherlock a couple of months, but that night was not one of those times.  He found himself wondering whether he should go back and ask Mike, or Lestrade, but that was not what made his footsteps falter.
“Sherlock,” he said, but Sherlock was in a world of his own and didn’t acknowledge him. John put a hand on his wrist and squeezed, and then Sherlock broke out of his mind palace and looked down at him. “Are you - ?”
“Richie!” John called. The boy didn’t hear him, so he repeated himself, again to no avail. He finally caught up to the boy, placing himself in his path so the boy had to stop.
John had been trying to conceal his laughter, but failed. “Nothing’s funny, it’s just brilliant - and fucking awful - that if you don’t like someone, you expose their secrets in public… Remind me not to get on the wrong side of you.”
Sherlock splashed him back, and John had to retaliate, but he soon realised who had the upper hand when Sherlock dived at him and pushed him under water.
He didn’t remember nodding off, but he must have done so, as the next thing he remembered was John nudging him with his feet beneath the duvets. The end credits scrolled past on the screen, and John had turned the volume down so the accompanying music was barely audible.
Half an hour later, the old man had set them some reading and retired to his desk. As soon as he’d sat down, John had reached into his folder and quickly brought out the paper, setting it on his knee. He flicked through, and found the reports on the house competitions, then the pages on the house art, and opened it, the paper now resting on Sherlock’s right knee as well as John’s left.
“Oh,” Sherlock said, turning and jogging back to the pile of woggles. He picked up his gun and, after a moment, the vest, before returning to John.
Sherlock looked at the mess the boys had left behind. He would have to go to the police. If he had just met two adults, then he would have ditched the drugs –
Sherlock shrugged, unsure of what to say. John slapped him on the back and walked past him back into the living room. Sherlock grinned inwardly and followed.
“Listen, we’ve both had a tough few days, so – I don’t even know how you got him to come up here, but – ”
“We’re going to have to turn some lights on soon,” John mused. “Do you want something to eat? I kind of fancy some toast…”
Sherlock stopped poking at the potatoes. “It doesn’t mean anything to me. I feel no less than the usual amount of distaste one should feel for the armed forces of a former imperial power.”
The mousse came off his skin the same way it had gone on: greasily. He dragged the pad across his cheek, revealing a thick strip of pale grey.
“Oh, thank God,” he breathed as his Sherlock descended into the basement. “You scared the shit out of me. Listen, you need to help me, Muhammad’s been knocked unconscious and I can’t undo these knots. Where’s that man? The one at the door.”
“Hey.” John bristled and took a step forward, at which Angelo stood up a little straighter. “You think it makes you more of a man using language like that? Trying to validate that pathetic pubic hair you’ve got growing on your upper lip?”
“Sherlock, you do realise that you just left three dead animals on someone’s kitchen floor with absolutely no explanation of your plan, if you do actually have one?” John was saying to his friend as they walked.
“Oh! Yeah, I remember now.” John returned his attention to his washing, separating the colours from the whites. “What about it?”
“I didn’t! I don’t know who did that, but we’ll find out. I’ll find out. John?” Sherlock noted the rising panic in his own voice at the silence of John’s, and gripped the other boy by the shoulders. “Don’t – please, don’t – John, I only cut off a hang nail, I didn’t pull the entire nail off – don’t you remember?”
John spread his fingers in a wave almost too small to be seen, and Sherlock lifted his in a tiny reply.
“Sir, if you’ll excuse my intrusion,” came a deep voice from John’s right. He turned to see Sherlock standing next to him as if he’d always been there, his marble face serious but patient. “Our attention was called to three dead pets and now there are people who believe that Angelo De Luca is the murderer.”
“Then we’ll have something concrete,” John finished, and Sherlock nodded. They both began examining the other animals.
“What-” John began, but got no further, as Sherlock put a finger to his lips and ran. John rolled his eyes and followed suit.
“Murdered.” Sherlock whispered. His new-found friends’ eyes flicked up to his in alarm. “Or suicide. Coroners said suicide.”
, he thought, as he watched Sherlock pacing back and forth in the dark, murmuring under his breath and staring at John’s phone.
John wasn’t a bad singer, Sherlock realised. He could hit the notes, and his voice was strong, but it lacked finesse, but Sherlock wouldn’t have changed it for the world as John turned to him and the two boys sang at each other.
The next thing John knew, he was watching Sherlock walk out of the door of the building to wait by the entrance to the hall at the back of the auditorium. The rest of Doyle swarmed into the wings, and Mike threw an arm around John’s shoulders. “Here we go!” he whispered.
John was inflating an air mattress with a foot pump, softly singing something to himself about cardiac bruising. He had changed into his own familiar pyjamas, a fragment of the tableau of school looking irrationally out of place in such a homely environment.
Their housemaster looked at them, smiling, nodded once, then seemed to catch himself. “Right. To bed, both of you.”
“Yoohoo!” Mrs Hudson pushed the door open and poked her head into the room. “Good morning, John, sweetheart, how did you sleep?”
“Why-” the door shut in John’s face. He pulled it open and started again. “Why were you chased by a farmer?”
John caught his eye, then smiled at his family – a quick twitch of the mouth. And then his gaze returned to Sherlock’s own. John was there and still the boy who made him laugh and softened his edges and called him a friend, and looking at him like he wanted to remember his face.
– and a series of predictable events that led to the eventual conclusion wherein the protagonist got engaged and then reunited with his family, whom he grew to love, despite their ‘eccentricities’. This Sherlock had deduced before the first scene had come to its long-awaited conclusion.
“Our aunt came to stay.” Mycroft said wearily. “Well. Not stay. She moved in. We didn’t tell Sherlock because we knew he’d just refuse to come home from school. When he did come home on Friday to find her in our mother’s old chair, he went to his room and didn’t come out for four days. Needless to say, we all tried to coax him down, but to no avail.” He sighed. “When he did come out, finally, yesterday at around lunchtime, he was being uncomfortably civil. Even ate with us. I went to my study, thinking it was all right to leave them alone together, but not five minutes later, I heard the door slam and Sherlock was striding down the driveway with a bag over his shoulder. Viola – our aunt – looked so much like our mother when I questioned her about it. Anyway, it was only after a few hours of worrying that I realised he’d go to you.”
It was cold and lumpy. It slid through his hair and down his face, but he could feel himself laughing despite himself. A rational voice in the back of his mind told him it would have been interesting to make a graph with units of alcohol on the Y axis and amount of time spent giggling on the X, but Sherlock barely heard it, as he was more preoccupied with chasing John around the kitchen, trying to wipe the concoction off his face and transfer it to John’s somehow.
kind, that I didn’t know what to say to do them justice. I know now that I should have said thank you. From the bottom of my heart, thank you.”
He followed Sherlock upstairs, but was too slow – as he reached the beginning of Sherlock’s corridor, the boy was coming out of his room, violin and bow in hand.
It was still snowing lightly outside, so Sherlock and John decided against going for a walk in the village. Instead, they lounged in the drawing room.
Nadia, who had separated herself from Sherlock’s surely sub-par hug, put a protective hand on her brother’s back. “Thank you,” she said simply. “From the bottom of my heart, thank you.”
“Wait!” Mike exclaimed, face splitting into an astonished grin. He turned to him, one knee folded on the sofa. “You
to, knew how to manipulate touch to get what he wanted. Of course he did. But he didn’t know how to touch without pretending to be somebody else.
“Yeah, sure,” John said, a little taken aback at Sherlock’s wording, taking out his phone and composing a text.
“Okay,” John said, eager to get Sherlock somewhere quiet. “Come on, I’ll give you the grand tour,” he said, mainly for his mother’s benefit, as he led Sherlock upstairs.
“From the way he’s checking his phone, I’d say an affair came to light. Check the local news tomorrow.”
“Actually, I’m okay,” Sherlock said. He saw John’s forehead furrow and mouth open in the beginning of a protest, and turned on his heels and strode back into the ward. He could sleep now, he told himself. Now the girl was gone, he could sleep.
His mind had flitted around the subject of John’s Christmas present over the past few days, but nothing perfect had come to mind. And it has to be perfect, Sherlock thought. It has to say everything I can’t, everything I feel when he’s with me, because language is fallible and tongues stutter and voices falter. Then he had tried to pinpoint exactly what he felt when he was with John, but that had felt like looking over the edge of a cliff; vertigo. So he had stopped and put it to the back of his mind.
“It all started when Mrs Hudson showed me one of her old tutus,” Sherlock began. John did his best to listen, but his hands were remembering being enfolded by Sherlock’s.
“You looked like a drowned rat,” John giggled, getting up. Sherlock opened his mouth to reply, but Sally interrupted.
The man regarded the boys before him for a moment, before exhaling wearily. “Listen, boys, we don’t have the physical evidence from the police, and I haven’t heard from Anderson and Donovan yet, so let me go through the proper procedures and then come up with a solution.”
knock, Stamford?” Sherlock drawled, trying to eliminate the breathlessness from his voice, which would not have helped the situation at all.
John spluttered a surprised laugh at that last one, not thinking about the way his cheeks suddenly felt warm. “How do you know that?”
“Get in,” he said, and John’s stomach flipped. After that display of effortless ability, he knew he was going to look childish and risible in the water. But he knew he couldn’t stand on the side in his floral swimming shorts forever (and even they looked stupid compared with Sherlock’s tight racing shorts). So he sat on the side at the shallow end and slid in, thankful that he was tall enough at least to be able to stand in the water.
They both slid down and out of the tree, John zipping up his jumper and shivering against the cold. The moon was high, sometimes visible, sometimes not, as wispy clouds drifted across the night sky.
He was at the window in two strides and pushed it up. Without a pause for thought, he climbed on top of the fridge, crouched on the window sill, and leapt out into the air. He caught the branch of the old oak and swung himself up, before shifting around and looking expectantly at John.
me,” Sherlock spat. John said nothing, but studied the vehement face of this strange boy sitting opposite him. Sherlock whipped around again to his work and threw himself back into it with a feverish intensity.
The boys guiltily withdrew their hands and thanked John, who straightened up as the party retreated back down the path.
But John knew he himself had some peace-making to do before he could judge Angelo too harshly. The thing he was trying not to feed meant something about him, too.
Several sets of equally confusing and unhelpful directions later, John finally found himself looking up at a tall, grand, red-brick house. The sign by the door proclaimed it to be Doyle boarding house, built in 1895. It was a tall affair, strangled with ivy, and with muffled music drifting from a window somewhere.
The bus took him out of the town via some increasingly dark country roads, winding through the fields until the lights of a small village became visible up ahead, a sanctuary in the night that equally comforted and worried John, for reasons he didn’t try to understand.
Baynes showed his disbelief in the only way he knew how – through a string of colourful expletives. “And is he?”
John wanted to move, wanted to run for the door and up to the roof, but his feet would not move. He was breathing too fast, too shallow. He felt dizzy. He felt the icy fingers of panic poking their way in through his ribs. “Yes. I remember.”
“Oh, wow, Sherlock, the pumpkin looks great,” he smiled, moving to run a finger over the inside of the holes. “Not jagged or anything.”
, getting him to understand. The relief. The anxiety. Sherlock’s pale skin against the darkness of the night. The walk back to school. Their breaths in the quiet air. Sneaking through Lestrade’s garden. Sudden laughter. Some stupid joke about Lestrade owning a rabbit. Shushing themselves, each other. Giggling in the bathroom, hearing each other giggle in the shower. The sobering with the return to normality, looking at their timetables for the following day. John making a half-hearted attempt at homework. Sherlock pacing for what felt like hours, John telling him stories from his old life – he had called it that, his old life – to distract him from the unease he knew he felt at the case having been taken out of his hands. Telling him about Mary, about Dan, about his father. Sherlock returning very little, but the eventual slowing and sitting, the wide eyes in the low light.
“My parents’ bedroom is just down there.” Sherlock said, almost as if it was an afterthought. He looked down the passage, and John followed his gaze. “Viola sleeps in there now.”
John laughed again. “Uh, it’s the same, but more. I know I'm really in it when, like… it’s like your legs aren’t really connected to you anymore. That’s when I know. Because in your head you’re like, ‘
“Oh my God…” breathed John. Mike looked up as if he’d forgotten John was there. He looked a bit shaken. “You okay?”
Sherlock laughed, something which didn’t happen very often. “Bribery,” he admitted. “One particular apprentice groundskeeper is astonishingly easy to corrupt.”
After they’d finished their lunch, John led Sherlock back down the escalator and they meandered to the other end of the building.
“I’m worried about him,” Angelo repeated, voice taking on an edge of desperation before he seemed to catch himself. “Uh. We’ve got a cricket match in a couple of hours. If we don’t find him, we’re fucked. I’m worried we’ll lose.”
“Shall we go into Mrs Hudson’s?” John suggested, Sherlock humming in agreement and swinging his legs off John’s knees.
John sat opposite Sherlock and opened up the garish green box. It was full to the brim with medical bounty; antiseptic, bandages, plasters, antihistamines, butterfly stitches… John got to work.
John’s phone vibrated again. A message from an Instagram account he didn’t know asking about God. John’s thumbs hovered over the keyboard, debating a reply, when his phone vibrated again - another message. Then again, and again, and again, and John decided this had to end. He navigated to
“I’d also like to welcome the PDS students who are coming for the first time to Saint Bart’s. It is a great shame that your previous schools can’t take you back, but we hope you will find a home here.”
John resisted the urge to sigh. “They never have boiled eggs on Fridays. Boiled eggs is Wednesdays and Mondays,” He explained. He watched Sherlock thinking for a moment, before continuing. “So either she’s lying…”
She nodded. “I was feeling fine at dinner, but just as I was about to go to bed… I thought it was maybe just my period but I’ve never even had cramps before.”
John closed the door behind him. “Well, it’s Carl’s, and I assumed that, him being - I just assumed he wouldn’t have a file anymore.”
The last performance of the evening was given by the previous year’s winners, according to Mike. John was surprised to see Jeannette sit behind the drum set, realising he hadn’t even known which house she was in until that moment.
Early the next day, exactly one week until the final day of the half term, Sherlock vomited in his sleep.
He hadn’t been clean at all. Of course he hadn’t. He never had been. John had just, what, assumed? Hoped? Blindly believed? That Sherlock hadn’t been pushed that far, not far enough to go back there. But, of course he had, and John should have seen. Should have at least considered the possibility. The signs were there.
He heard a sudden laugh come from one of the doors on his left. He ditched his heavy bags on the floor, walked up to the door, and listened. Muffled chatter was coming from inside.
John opened his mouth in confusion. “I – no, I – ” he laughed. “I wasn’t calling you pumpkin,” he shook his head. “I meant we should go and carve the pumpkin now - you know, all hallows eve and all that?
“I thought it was pretty good, for a first go,” John replied. “And you didn’t try to stab anyone with your bow, so that alone makes it a success.”
The open windows of the practise room did little to cool the occupants’ tempers, which rose by the minute, Sherlock’s included. He knew his comedown had something to do with it, but the others had no excuse, and when Barnaby The Mountain had started threatening him, Sherlock rather detachedly found himself intrigued at the reaction of different personality types to provocation.
The train journey was a lot shorter than he had been expecting, and he almost didn’t get off at the right stop. He had to check whether it was, in fact, the right stop, because it looked almost as if it had been abandoned. But it was, and John made his way onto the road, following Sherlock’s instructions and turning left, walking up a gentle hill until he found what he hoped was the right bus stop.
Mrs Hudson turned to go, smoothing her hands down her dress, the purple of the fabric dusted with flour. By the smell that had drifted into the room with her (
John lifted a hand in a wave in response, and as he began walking down the street to the main road, he heard the door close, and that was it. He slung his backpack over one shoulder. He was on his way.
One foot in front of the other in front of the other in front of the other. Feel the studs dig into the earth.
Harry had started to protest, but Mrs Watson had already started winding her way through the mob to Lestrade.
“As enjoyable as that is,” Sherlock replied, all sarcasm dropping from his tone as he continued, “I just remembered something.”
“You need to stop,” John threatened, tightening his grip just enough to make Charlie aware that he could. “You need to stop posting all that bullshit. Or I will find you again. And next time it’ll be less nice.”
“Oh. I see.” Sherlock’s confusion at what John thought was a perfectly normal response to seeing your roommate in pain was both funny and saddening at the same time. John pushed the thought from his mind and focused on his first aid kit hunt.
“Neither do I, to be honest,” John admitted. “I tried it with Mary once, while I was, you know, but she just laughed at me and we didn’t finish and I didn’t speak to her for, like, a week.”
“To Lestrade’s,” Eric said, as if it was the most obvious thing in the world. “He always does this, a beer for the sixth form after a house event. Never announces it or anything, we just tip up and he happily provides.”
Sherlock almost couldn’t watch. He heard John shouting something, louder than he had ever heard him, and more primal. However, Sherlock couldn’t make out what he was saying as his shouts were drowned under those of the spectators, under those of the Doyle team, under those of the Green players, under the rain.
evading censorship…” Sherlock turned. He was smiling. “She’s a good journalist. But she’s not smart.”
Sherlock was bumping his suitcase down the stairs, mind full of Doyle, when Mycroft swanned into the hall.
“Wish I could, Sherlock,” John sighed. “Seriously, I wish I could, but this is due first thing tomorrow and I’ve still got another four hundred words to write.”
John thanked her and waited until she’d bustled out of the room again before crouching at Sherlock’s bedside.
“More people will die. You’ve seen what I did to Carl, and what I could do to poor - ” Sherlock saw John flinch. “- to poor little Johnny. I can and will do it again. And all the while, while you run around after me, I will be watching you, much, much closer than you could ever imagine. You’re going to kick yourself when you twig.”
“There’s some extra components, I think they’re optional – the frankincense and sal-ammoniac might be a bit hard to come by, but you kindly provided us with some rose leaves yesterd- ”
John had danced with Sherlock before. At the ball, drunk; in his living room, on Hallowe’en. At the turn of the new year, with Sherlock’s hand on his waist. He remembered a similar terror, then, and then relaxing. Then softening. Then wanting to put his face to Sherlock’s neck. Now, it felt as if this waltz was repeating a conversation they had been having that night. But it felt as if something had changed - the tone, or the volume, or
Sherlock had stopped eating four days previously, stopped sleeping three, and hadn’t left their room for two.
“All sorts: You can do catering in the dining hall, behind the counter stuff in the tuck shop, in the library, in the san, at the sports hall, at the swimming pool, with the groundskeepers, help out with the theatre, laundry - though I don’t know why anyone’d want to do that... IT support, lab technicians, at Speedy’s – what’s Speedy’s?” he asked, glancing up and catching Sarah's eye.
The secretary had tried to make the isolated PDS students go to lunch, but had quickly backed down after Sherlock had asked him about his wife’s affair.
The next few minutes were a whirlwind of goodbyes, slaps on the shoulder and promises to meet up in the holidays that would probably never come to fruition. One by one, the boys left, the group outside thinning until only John remained.
John turned to go, but hesitated. He turned back. “Sorry, sir, but shouldn’t it be cleared out? His file. Just to clear some space?”
Hello all - I am sorry from the bottom of my heart for the hiatus, but as I have said, these last couple of months have been composed of schoolwork and sleep.
He twisted, looked at the spray of light freckles over his shoulders. Watched the muscles under his skin move with his bones.
Tom glanced at Sherlock’s father, who was sitting on the sofa opposite. His father gave him an apologetic look.
John sat at his desk, trying to force some last minute maths revision into his head without much success. His pen kept wandering to the margins, doodling patterns and figures.
The man at the desk was bald and middle-aged, and seemed more grumpy that John wouldn’t’ be able to do his shift at the san that afternoon than worried about him, which made Sherlock feel itchy with annoyance.
“Consulting Detective,” Sherlock corrected absent-mindedly, as he paused the recording and spun around to lean backwards against his desk, hands to his lips in that praying way of his. “I don’t have one yet.” He was distracted momentarily by John checking his phone, once, twice, thrice –
“No, not now. In the spring. When the weather gets warmer. Neither you nor the horse would enjoy it today.” Sherlock explained, his cheeks not feeling so cold now that John was smiling at him like that.
One moment of weakness when he was fourteen. That had been it. He had been lonely and afraid and unhappy and angry and empty and so
never seem to end well.” Sherlock had seen the results of what the boys of his year had termed ‘serious’ relationships crash headfirst to the ground due to the very nature of the environment they lived in; rumours spreading faster than cholera and hormones running high, undiluted in constant company and a dearth of privacy.
Sherlock’s world narrowed to the two metres of water directly below him, tinted dark by his goggles. He was almost certain his heart had stopped beating, his breathing so shallow he could barely feel it passing through him.
“Thank you for your time,” Sherlock said, tapping John lightly and moving away, John hurriedly following suit.
“Yes, yes, I know,” interjected Sherlock, trying to rid John’s features of the fiery cocktail of worry and anger that had settled there.
They stood for a moment in silence, before Sherlock resumed naming the guests. Some county council members, the Holmeses’ gardeners (“Plural?” “Plural, John. It’s a big garden.”), someone who Sherlock suspected to be a spy, a hotel chain owner, an ambassador of some description, and Mycroft, standing, by himself, by the French windows.
Sherlock had been the one to get up first. He hadn’t wanted to. But he had. Because there was only so long he could pretend to be dozing. So he’d sighed and sat up, groaning involuntarily with a mixture of sluggishness and surprise at the fluidity of the room around him.
“Oh,” Mike said, frowning as he recalled the hurried conversation during a rugby practice. “Oh, yeah. Ages ago. You remember that?”
Sherlock did as he was asked. Viola planted a kiss on his cheek and he tried not to think about his mother, or visibly recoil. He succeeded on one count.
In a very short amount of time, Harry and John were having a wrapping paper fight, throwing the rubbish at each other while their mother laughed.
“My name is John Watson, I go to Bart’s as well, I’m in lower sixth,” John said quickly. “I’m here to help you.”
His phone buzzed violently in his pocket, and he groaned at the flashing name on the screen. He answered it and put it to his ear.
, John,” Sherlock exclaimed, feeling the skin of his mouth burning and wiping his face with the back of his hand. “I didn’t even mean to spit it out,”
He swallowed once and raised his face, forcing himself to keep his eyes off the ground. He watched the faces of kids he didn’t know stream past him for a moment before stepping into the playground.
“No. No, you’re only saying that because you can’t handle your fame,” John teased. “Don’t worry. Everything will have blown over by next week and you’ll be hated again, back to the status quo.”
The clapping that ensued seemed to go on forever, and, for Sherlock’s sake, John wished the whole ordeal would hurry up and be over with.
He was jealous. It was scary, possessive, threatening jealousy, but he was jealous. It was plain as day. Jealous that Sherlock had a friend – he’d used that word,
The boy caught John’s eye before settling the instrument underneath his chin and staring straight ahead.
His mother only realised that he’d left the house once he’d returned, carrying a bag of shopping and a new haircut.
John couldn’t think of anything to say, so he excused himself for a moment to find their discarded beers. They were where they’d left them on the side of the piano, and when he returned to Sherlock, the television was showing the BBC coverage of the London New Year’s Eve fireworks. The presenter was chatting to various spectators, and John handed Sherlock his bottle. His friend smiled at him, and John felt himself return the gesture.
He bounded back to room twenty-one, barely feeling the stairs beneath his feet. He closed the door behind him and exhaled again. The room was quiet, the sounds of chattering from Lestrade’s garden floating in through the open window. He exhaled once more and allowed himself to think for half a second about what had just happened before he had to stop and try not to scream or punch the air or burst into tears. Instead, he did what Sherlock would have done and began to pace, needing to move or he would combust.
He was talking about a lady called Mrs Turner and something to do with her necklace, and John wasn’t paying any attention. He was more concerned with negotiating the swarms of hungry students that were creating a veritable gridlock inside the hall. He politely pushed through the crowd forming around the pasta bar, Sherlock at his heels, still rambling on.
Dave had gone to spend Christmas with his parents, and Clara had gone to her uncle’s for a few days, so Christmas Eve was a small, strictly Watson affair.
John let Mike pay and load his arms up with plastic bags. Once they had all of the food, they walked back to the house.
“Wow,” said John, more than a little astonished. He wouldn’t have thought that Sherlock would have been so tactful at physical fighting – verbally, John knew that he could cut anyone down to size with one word and a smug smirk. He tried to imagine what a thirteen-year-old Sherlock would look like, and couldn’t help spluttering a laugh at the image that popped into his head.
Sherlock was currently telling him about a mishap Mycroft had had with the Christmas pudding, panini in one hand, the fingers of the other absent-mindedly playing with the straw of his drink.
Sherlock turned and swept out of the room with all the grace of a brewing  thunderstorm, Lestrade following behind, looking exhausted already.
As soon as they stepped into the wings, John threw his arms around Sherlock’s neck. He heard a small “oof” of surprise in his ear and they stumbled a little as Sherlock was thrown by this new extra weight hanging off him.
Sherlock forced himself not to fidgit. “And I’ve been trying so hard to watch my figure,” he lamented jokingly.
“Oh, it’s just beautiful, Sherlock,” she said softly, and Sherlock nodded once. “Truly. Is it – is it for someone? You haven’t composed in such a long time,”
“Harry. Stop.” Her mother said, as gently as she ever said anything, which these days was not so much gentle as firm but not angry. “Thank you for saying sorry. Now let’s forget all about it because I for one need something to drink.”
He sat back, and smiled at Sherlock for a moment, before seemingly catching himself, swallowing, and slipping into doctor mode. “How are you feeling?”
“Rice and that Mexican chili,” she recounted, and John flicked a glance to Sherlock, but his roommate didn’t even so much as notice. “And jelly for pudding,”
Before John could reply, the whistle blew for everyone to get back on their feet. Mike jogged away and John didn’t have the time nor energy to speak to him again.
“No,” John refused. “No. Shut up. When we met - the day we first met, you knew all about my sister, about my
“Alright, enough!” John interjected, not liking Henry’s tone. “Pack it in, the both of you. If we’re going to argue about this, could we at least do it in a language we all understand?”
, read the headstone, and John felt a smile tugging at his mouth. He tried to tamp it down, to match the glum expressions of those around him, but gave up. He let himself smile. Finally, Sherlock had told him his full name. John remembered the night he had told Sherlock his middle name, the way Sherlock had teased his own. John had put his hand in Sherlock’s hair. Even though Sherlock had probably had no input into what was to go on his headstone, seeing his name was like Sherlock gently reminding him of that night, of their laughter in room twenty-one. It felt like Sherlock was beside him, whispering a joke in his ear as he used to do in crowds. A private thing just for John, just for them to share. So John let himself smile, even as he felt his heart slowly, willingly start to rip itself into pieces.
Sherlock could hear his brother’s condescending tone of he ever got wind of Sherlock’s presence at the game – dear god, little brother. You’re into rugby now?
“There was someone else in the house,” John explained as they went inside. “I only saw his shoes, though – he was coming down the stairs into the basement when he must have heard me and Muhammad talking and took off. I couldn’t catch him though, he was too fast.”
“Harry’s probably out somewhere with Clara,” John said into the quiet as he and Sherlock took their shoes and coats off. “Mum and Dave are coming home a bit later, so I think it’s up to you and me to make dinner, my friend,”
Sherlock could feel John’s chest rise and fall with his breaths, slowing now. There was a hand on the back of his neck and Sherlock’s own fingers were gripping the deep purple shirt like they were never going to let go.
“Sherlock, of course, was having none of it, and told Glen to piss off. Of course, we were all awake by this time, and I asked Sherlock where he’d been and what he’d been doing. He said it’s none of my business and that we wouldn’t understand even if he did tell us. That didn’t go down too well. Glen, being Glen, said something like,” Mike put on an aggressive Scottish accent, “"You saying we’re stupid?" And Sherlock gave him this icy glare and went,
The taller boy made straight for Mrs Hudson’s kitchen, but John began taking off his shoes and coat.
“Right here,” John assured him, and Sherlock began to sit up. “Brought you sustenance. Tomato soup, some bread too.”
PS – I haven’t heard from anyone in a while in terms of comments – should I take this as a case of no news is good news, or…? Because if there’s anything you think I could improve on, please tell me! Again, I write this for you guys, so please let me know how I’m getting on. Much love x
John risked a glance at Sherlock, who had let go of his hand at some point. John had never seen him blush before; it was a subtle brush of pink across his cheekbones, but John knew it was betraying the deepest mortification Sherlock had ever felt if Sherlock was feeling even a fraction of what John himself was.
“Have they been bad?” Still, even after all this time, still this subject was talked about with an annoying delicacy.
John was leaning against a wall just outside of the exit of the Tube station nearest to his house, sipping at the drink in his had that had only just cooled down enough to do so, scanning the crowd. He managed to support both cups with one hand while he pulled out his phone to check for texts, but nothing new had come from Sherlock since about an hour previously.
“I’m sorry for what I said earlier. About – you know. When I called them freaks. I know you want him back, I was just trying to get you to... sorry.”
“July the sixth,” Sherlock replied, shoving his hands into his pockets, seemingly done admiring his gloves.
But Christmas was just over a week away, and time just kept on passing. So he took a step closer to the cliff’s edge again.
John could imagine the careful way Sherlock would have been speaking if this conversation had been face to face. He knew what he was saying underneath. An invitation. John had accepted after the first sentence, but wanted to make Sherlock ask. Just to hear – see – him ask, make him admit that he wanted his company. If that was selfish, he didn’t care. So he replied:
It felt to John like Sherlock hadn’t been in their room at night for most of that week, and it felt strange to go to sleep in an empty room. He had been so used to it when he had first arrived at Bart’s, but now it was something rare and the room felt cold.
“Don’t worry, she’ll forgive you,” the woman at the till said to him, smiling at him as if to reassure him of something.
So Sherlock knew. John told himself to calm down. He knew Sherlock wouldn’t be able to care less – he had plenty of evidence to back that up. He knew it was just the adjustment to another person knowing the thing he’d tried hardest to bury. And he also knew that if there was one person in this world he could trust, it was Sherlock, despite everything. So he took a breath and pushed his thoughts away.
Mrs Turner silently brought the steaming cups over to the till and set them down a little carelessly, coffee slopping over the rims.
“We can’t tell anyone,” Sherlock repeated, inclining his head towards the wall, “But I’m sure Richie Brook is going to be perfectly safe.”
“Don’t be stupid,” Sherlock said. “You were just doing it, when I was holding you. All that’s different is that I’m not holding you anymore. You’re not going to sink, you physically can’t. Just remember to keep kicking. Come on.”
He was willing himself not to fall asleep, having flopped onto one of the sofas in the drawing room. John had been sitting on the floor next to him for a while, but had gone to the kitchen for something a couple of minutes ago.
“Maybe it didn’t mean anything at all, Sherlock,” John would reply, regretting bringing it up and banishing Sherlock’s good mood.
As he approached, he could see two figures waiting for him, one tall and coat-clad; the other shorter and unfamiliar.
Content warning for underage drinking. It comprises (pretty much) the entire second half of the chapter, from 'Sherlock had grinned and flicked the kitchen light off' to 'Sherlock said goodnight to John...'. Open this information in another tab
John fought a grin. He felt himself about to burst. He took a breath and raised himself onto his tiptoes. He kissed Sherlock gently on the cheek.
John realised long after the house doors had locked for the night that they still hadn’t eaten. Worry and stress had dissolved his appetite, but as the school began to fall quiet in the darkness and he felt a little more able to breathe, it returned with force. He ordered himself and Sherlock pizza and climbed down the old oak to get it. They ate sitting cross-legged on the floor of their room. John allowed his right knee to press against Sherlock’s left, allowed the touch to ground him.
The previous few seconds had been a rush of ball – body – earth, and now he was lying on the hard ground on his back. He was aware that the sounds of the game were moving swiftly away from him towards the goal St Bart’s was defending, but the rolling, roiling grey clouds above him seemed so very close that he could reach out and grab one, a concept that seemed more interesting than the game they were uncomfortably close to losing.
He was walking to the steps that led onto the stage, violin still under his chin but bow by his side –
“Sherlock?” John mumbled quietly, rubbing a hand over his eyes. He turned his head to his left and upon seeing an absence of the lump made by Sherlock’s legs, repeated Sherlock’s name, sounding more awake, voice laced with concern.
“And you, Mr Watson,” Mycroft returned, also ignoring Sherlock. “Thank you again for taking care of my wayward brother. If your mother wants any… remuneration for her trouble, then – “
Someone pushed past them, and Sherlock remembered that they were standing in the kids’ colouring book section of a stationery shop. He blinked and shifted, drawing his gaze up to that of his father.
Sherlock wanted to ask John all of these things, but a voice in the back of his head (that sounded uncannily like Mycroft’s) cited ‘politeness’ again, and so he deleted the long and interrogative text he wasn’t aware he’d been typing as he thought and sent a shorter, safer one.
Sherlock smiled at him, and John flipped the switch of the lava lamp that was sitting on his desk. Sherlock turned off the ceiling lights and the room was lit up with a dreamy red glow.
“Hey! You two mind telling us what’s going on?” Sally asked, and without turning to look at her, Sherlock explained.
He touched the side of the shallow end and tucked his legs underneath him as he did a tumble-turn. Braced his feet, pushed, and didn’t let himself surface this time until his throat began to constrict.
As soon as he’d sent it, however, he realised what he’d done. He hadn’t even thought about it when he’d added the kiss, it had just happened. He stared at the text – sent, received, and now, read. What if that crossed some sort of boundary for Sherlock? What if that altered something?
John pushed his maths to one side. Sherlock was still muttering to himself and it was intensely and acutely annoying.
“I was asking out of interest,” she insisted. “But also I can’t go to the supermarket today like I was hoping because I have to cover Elaine, she’s come down with something nasty. Could you go, John? The list’s on the fridge.”
“Forty minutes feels like years on a coach,” John replied. “So,” he quietened a little as one of the teachers began speaking to the assembled students about the time to reconverge, “what do you want to do?”
Despite Sherlock’s best manipulative strategies, John refused to let Sherlock see the drawings, and locked his sketchpad in his safe before getting into bed. Sherlock thought that a bit ludicrous – he wasn’t that desperate. But he found himself contemplating how to acquire the key that was hanging around his friend’s neck as he slept while his mind wandered away from the chemistry lab report he was trying to finish.
Some time later, Sherlock and John stood around the kitchen table flicking their hands to try and rid them of the strings of pumpkin innards sticking to their skin.
, Sherlock thought, and considered joining in, but realised that his presence would alter the trusting atmosphere the boys inside had managed to build up. So he slid to the floor and pressed an ear against the thin wood of room nineteen.
John passed through an archway into the quadrangle, and braced himself against the biting wind that felt like sandpaper on his exposed neck and face. The floods of students pouring out from their classrooms gave no protection from the elements, and John was struck by the rather bizarre desire to be a penguin.
John picked at the tape and carefully peeled off the wrapping paper, uncovering a white garment folded into a square. He took it by the shoulders and held it up, the fabric tumbling open.
He was interrupted by a loud banging off screen. He lowered the laptop slightly, eyes on something beyond the screen, as there was the sound of a door opening.
“Oh, come on, Harry, let an old woman get a bit sentimental, would you?” Mrs Watson said, from serious to joking in a split second. Sherlock saw where John got that ability from. She let go of his arm. “He’s a damn sight better than those kids he used to hang out with – that Dan Isikwe, do you remember him? What a handful.”
“Look, John,” Sally said, her voice less accusative now. “All I’m saying is, one day, solving murders won’t be enough for him. One day, we’ll be hearing about some horrible killing on the news, and that boy will be the one responsible. So just be careful, yeah? Because psychopaths get bored.”
Sherlock began busying himself on the right side of the room, moving the detritus that obviously belonged to him off John’s new bed and desk. He cleared his throat. "I regret that you saw all of this. You will come to realise very promptly that I am by no means what one might call a tidy person.”
“See, Sherlock likes to think he’s better than the police,” John explained. “More accurate, quicker, better dressed – ”
Sally narrowed her eyes. “Yeah – irregular, very irregular, and faint, then not there at all, obviously.”
One night midway through the week, John woke up when Sherlock returned to the room. It was around two in the morning, and Sherlock had wet hair.
John struggled against Sarah’s grip, but it was joined by Kitty’s now. “You don’t know what it’s been doing to him, he’s been - he’s been - ”
John pursed his lips. “Fine.” He let Sherlock go on his way and made his way to Eddie van Coon’s room.
His shoulders were square, his steps sure. His arms were relaxed by his sides. Only the rate of his breathing betrayed his nerves. He was looking for someone in the crowd, eyes moving from face to face, gradually inching closer to where his family and Sherlock were standing.
“This is Ovid,” he said, indicating a small shelf filled with old hardbacks. “He’s one of the greatest poets of the ancient world.”
There was the sound of footsteps on the floor above. John dropped his bags and found the golf club kept just inside the door, holding it out in front of him.
But when Sherlock’s silence remained expectant, he elaborated somewhat reluctantly. “I don’t like the thought of fourteen year old you and illicit substances and someone older than you. Creeps me out.”
“It wasn’t, uh,” Anderson started, then cleared his throat, a gesture which betrayed a depth of emotion that John hadn’t thought he would have displayed. “It wasn’t pretty.”
“It’s not the winning that counts, Sherlock,” John said, and Sherlock took another step. As he got closer, he could see that John was shaking. “It’s the taking part. I’ve already set you some - puzzles. You’ve not solved them yet, have you? Disappointing.”
It had only taken robbery to instigate it, but as each day passed, John could feel himself becoming a little more comfortable with life in that strange place.
The roads back to Doyle were empty save a few gardeners and teachers with a free period – and as he scanned each face, he realised he was looking for something, someone.
“Look, I’m really sorry, but I’ve got to stay home tonight,” John apologised. “We’ll meet up another time, yeah?”
Harry and Clara ambled down the quiet street, and it might have been the alcohol, or it might have been her and Clara’s hands brushing together as they walked, but Harry felt rather giddy.
“You should definitely wear it next time!” Molly enthused. John had been telling her and Jamie about Harry’s lab coat while they pretended to sweep the floor of the empty ward.
They began to walk towards the loose window, steps echoing throughout the hall. The sun had broken free of the horizon, its bright, warm light making the events of the night feel like a bad dream, fading like morning mist.
After dinner, Dave and Mrs Watson retired to the sofa, wine glasses in hand. Harry and Clara went to sit on the back step, watching the cloudless night. So, after a moment, John went up to his room, and it didn’t even cross his mind to feel left out.
Sherlock stood for a moment, then went to the cutlery drawer. Only when he walked out of the kitchen did he smile for a moment. Then Harry and Clara burst into the house, loud as usual, and any peace was thrown out of the window.
“We have about ten minutes, maximum,” Sherlock said quietly, as he turned them off the road and down a hill, across a field and into the woods, their running slowing to a more comfortable jog when they were under the cover of the trees.
Mike avoided his eyes and shook his head. "We were young, we were angry at him, we were..." he sighed. "I can't justify it now. It became our normal, our status quo. I wish we had seen sense, I wish we had known what was coming, but... we were blind." A pause. Mike cleared his throat.
But Sherlock did not cross that space. He just watched as John inhaled a deep breath and brought himself back to room twenty-one, closing the door on the memory of that night for now.
“Yeah, he’s – uh – can I talk to you?” Without waiting for an answer, John slipped out of the room, closing the door behind him. Lestrade looked a little taken aback, but when John produced the broken padlock from his pocket, his brows furrowed. “He was on the roof,” John explained quietly. “Just sitting – nothing, uh, illegal was up there, either. He must have managed to break this somehow.” He handed Lestrade the twisted metal.
John and Mike chatted about Mike’s apparently failing relationship with the girlfriend he was going to meet up with as they walked through the house. Harry had to admit to herself that Doyle didn’t seem nearly as unpleasant as she’d imagined. She supposed it was only natural for her to imagine the place that took her brother away from home to be Draconian and run down, but she was overwhelmingly glad each time they rounded a corner and the walls remained clean, neutral colours, the pictures hanging there remained full of smiling faces, the carpet remained vacuumed, the boys they passed remained surprisingly normal – much like the boys Harry passed on the street or in her school, save the more expensive clothes and actually half decent haircuts.
Lestrade threw a few bits of ham into the frying pan. “I can imagine. Yeah, that should be fine, I’ll email his teachers.”
“I don’t feel it,” John said. “I feel like I’m just trying this on. Have you seen all the people outside?” he indicated towards the window. “It looks like the world and its wife have come out to see this match.” He turned around and looked Sherlock in the eye. “I’m a little bit terrified, to be honest.”
, but John took no heed, “ – then I will. I have been told I have a bottomless stomach, so we’ll be fine.”
Sherlock looked up. John was looking at him levelly but expectantly, and Sherlock caved. “He’s been divorced three times, John.”
Unbeknownst to John, Sherlock was sitting not ten metres away from him. He was cradled in the crook of the oak tree that stood outside their window, watching his phone light up in his hands with each call that he could see John initiate. He could also see John’s reactions to Sherlock not picking up go from anxious, to worried, to concerned, to unsurprised, to annoyed, to resigned.
A tremendous roar erupted from those spectating on the sofas, and John looked up to see Freckles’ character crossing the finish line in second place, with Mike’s following in seventh. John laughed at the strange situation of a bunch of teenage boys being so competitive over a crappy Wii game - most of the other houses John had visited had Xboxes, but Lestrade had obviously spent the house funds on something else – his divorce, according to Sherlock.
“Celine’s French.” Sherlock began, and John watched him speak. He had his eyes closed and his voice was a little rough, and John thought he was nearly asleep. “She and Viola went to school together in Paris. The family splits their time between England and France.”
“Arsehole,” he said, but he was smiling again, and Sherlock wanted to wipe away the mud that was smudged just below his left eye.
“You’re bloody useless, you are,” he sighed, fetching two glasses from a cupboard. “What do you want to drink?”
The fire was glowing softly in its grate, the logs crackling and shifting every now and again. Its light was making John’s skin glow.
Sherlock picked up his cutlery and began to twirl his fork in the pasta. He and John had had that argument so many times it was beginning to become tedious, predictable, even. But it was still necessary.
“Ugh,” John said, “that’s still going on? I don’t particularly like the girl but leading her on like this is a little cruel, don’t you think?”
John closed his eyes momentarily as she looked away, feeling pre-emptively apologetic, because he knew Sherlock was watching, and he had to keep the conversation going, despite never having spoken to her before today.
Once his mouth was clear again, John gulped in as much air as he could, exhaling it in uncontrollable laughter, turning his back to the sink and sinking to the floor, clutching his stomach. Sherlock did the same next to him a moment later, and he was laughing in the way he did when he couldn’t stop himself, low and gasping. John could feel his friend shaking, his right side pressed against Sherlock’s left. John wiped his eyes and leaned his head back against the cupboard they were leaning against, trying to regulate his breathing.
“Full-house rehearsal at four thirty today, here, in the common room,” he finished. Sherlock huffed.
Doyle walked back to house singing, the senior team forming a line of maroon and blue that spanned the entire width of the road, arms over one another’s shoulders and around one another’s waists. John was on the left edge, and he beckoned Sherlock over with his free hand.
“Now, to the graphite category.” Sherlock immediately started paying attention again, acutely aware of John’s presence beside him. “There were several strong contenders here, as this was the category with the most entries. Congratulations to all those who entered for making our decision so difficult. Our winner was Seyi Babalola from Green house, with our runner-up being John Watson from Doyle.”
John sighed. He tried to get an image of a jittery Sherlock sitting alone in some dusty Latin classroom out of his head.
Said catalogue is hosted on my new tumblr, which is specifically dedicated to my writing. If you would like to interact with me there, please go ahead! I will be tracking the tag ‘clueda’ so if anyone has any art or anything else related to this (or any other) story (not necessarily of mine!) that you want me to see, make an original post with that tag, or alternatively, you can submit it directly to the blog. The blog’s url is clueda. Go
,” Sherlock sang, a little louder. He hadn’t sung since he was of primary school age, before his voice had dropped and he had been kicked out of the local church choir for bad behaviour, and now he was terrified of his voice cracking or singing off-key, but John was still laughing happily and no-one was paying him the slightest bit off attention, so he sang a little louder still. “
“I know,” he said, as if it was the dullest thing in the world. Which, to him, it probably was. John had noticed that his friend often had that effect on others of all ages, despite his youth, and it was no great stretch of the imagination to see why. If John didn’t know Sherlock and saw him in a crowd, he knew that his strange face would linger in his memory.
Over the next couple of hours, Sherlock stood behind John and watched as he effortlessly performed the menial task his mother had assigned to him. Even when a group of pre-teens had threatened to egg his house, John had swiftly diffused the situation – without bribery, no less. It was impressive, Sherlock was not afraid to admit that. John was tirelessly cheerful and affable with each and every ring of the doorbell, not slipping into irritation as Sherlock would have done hours ago.
He turned to Sherlock. He opened his mouth to say something, but the sight of Sherlock holding in his laughter, lips pursed and eyes watering, dissolved all of his self control. He collapsed, putting a hand over his mouth so stifle his laughter. Sherlock spluttered and tried to control himself, but failed, which made John laugh even harder, Sherlock’s wheezing chortling joining his own. John put his glass of water down on his bedside table so he could sit down on the floor and put his head in both his hands. He heard Sherlock join him.
“Unfortunately, we don't have a tent," John said, shooting a look at Sherlock. "But we can go one better and make a fort?”
“Don’t ask,” Sherlock interrupted. “Nobody knows, nobody really seems to care, and, in fact, it seems to be some sort of honour.”
John found Sherlock standing with his back to the door, gazing out of the window, when he returned to their room.
They were walking up the lane towards the family’s stables, being careful not to slip on road that had been made lethal with black ice. The air was sharp with frost, the sky white. Sherlock’s favourite kind of weather.
Harry looked at him and in her eyes, fear and hope were battling for precedence. “It’s a penalty,” she said, “to us.”
In the basement, Muhammad had been cut free of his bindings and was being looked over by paramedics. He had a blanket around his shoulders and a tear was tracing its way silently down his cheek. John introduced Sherlock and they told Muhammad a little about what had happened. John tried to be as charming as possible and soon Muhammad began to stop sniffling. The boy confirmed Sherlock’s deductions and added extra bits of information, like his attacker sneaking up behind him and pulling a pillow case over his head before he could see who it was. He wasn’t entirely sure when he had been knocked out, but the paramedics said that it didn’t matter, a point which Sherlock contested until John raised his voice.
Sherlock said nothing, but gathered up the cosmetics spread over the floor. “Oh, come on, don’t get sulky with me.”
John took another bite, watching his friend across the table. He was regarding the sandwich in front of him with an expression of nausea mixed with intense but barely-masked hunger. His hands, pale and thin, where they rested on the table, were shaking slightly.
Molly was right. When John got back to room twenty one after his first two lessons, Sherlock was in a colossal sulk. His moodiness was radiating from the room. The lanky creature was pacing, up and down, up and down, and John had to dodge around him to get to his side of the room.
He passed a hand through his hair and it came away damp. The light sheen of sweat on his skin was turning cold, a shiver running down his spine. This, he noted carefully, was the worst nightmare he’d had in a while.
His gaze caught on the fingers of Sherlock’s left hand as they gripped the neck of the violin, pressing down on the individual strings with precision as his other hand drew the bow smoothly across them. John rarely saw his roommate play with his eyes closed – he usually only did it when he was thinking extremely deeply. There was a small crease between his eyebrows, and occasionally his mouth would twitch as if anticipating replying to someone.
Sherlock looked at him, and John couldn’t read his expression under all of that fatigue. “Tomato and basil,” he corrected after a moment, and took the cup and bread John held out to him.
Sherlock’s face flurried through several more emotions - confusion, curiosity, evaluation, realisation. “You won’t take the money?” John shook his head.  “But…” Sherlock’s eyes flickered away again - comparison, discovery, doubt, certainty and finally, tentative, stumbling hope. “You can accept... the other one?”
But he didn’t say any of that because Sherlock’s gaze had not lightened, had not moved away. It was heavy, pinning John in place, his heart fluttering. Sherlock was still speaking, John realised, still saying something with his gaze, something else, but John couldn’t understand what, and it felt for a moment as if they were dancing again. They were still holding hands. Sherlock hadn’t taken his away. If anything, it was gripping John’s tighter. John looked down at them once more, and the way Sherlock’s fingers were curled into his against the rough stone made something slot into place in his mind.
“Yeah,” John said. Seeing Sherlock was about to chastise him for his lack of precision, he clarified. “The san.”
John considered telling him that he should consider becoming a ventriloquist as he appeared to have an aptitude for it, but all he could manage was a small, “Yeah,” as he watched Sherlock step over the threshold.
“Then, about one in the morning, he came storming in; banging the door open and letting it slam behind him, stomping down the entire length of the dorm to his bed and turning on his desk lamp, waking us all up. Glen’s bed was right opposite his, so he told Sherlock to shut up.”
. “That necklace was your mother’s, yes? Needs a polish. When did you get your braces off, last year? Bite correction
Sherlock lined up with Doyle’s other three senior competitors, gnawing at the strap of his goggles. John could feel his nerves from where he was standing.
“Only two years,” Percy said, looking back at Sherlock, who was hovering over the body. “I mean, in dog years, he was the same age as me…”
When he’d turned back around again, John frowned, noticing now the smudges of orange on his white collar. The boy had looked at him as if no-one had spoken to him yet that day, as if he’d believed himself to be a ghost, invisible.
John was distracted from the slightly sour turn the conversation had taken by his phone buzzing again.
Sherlock, on hearing John’s question, tried to wrestle the phone off him. John easily held him off by using his free hand to hold both of Sherlock’s thin wrists together. Sherlock was strong, but John was stronger.
“Good.” Sherlock said, making John draw his eyebrows together in confusion. “If you’re nervous, that means you’re thinking. And that means you won’t get arrogant and make stupid mistakes. It means you’re sane.”
He and his brother appeared to be negotiating something, and then Sherlock stood up. Mycroft did the same, and announced to the assembled what they were going to play, and it only then struck John that he had had no prior knowledge of Mycroft’s apparent piano abilities, but had accepted it anyway.
John must have felt Sherlock’s gaze, because he looked up, and his eyes were a deep grey-blue. He smiled at Sherlock, then went back to his work.
Sherlock was curled up, his back to the door. John walked quietly into the room and peered at Sherlock’s face. His eyes were shut tight, his untidy curls thrown across the pillow. John smiled.
John looked back at Sherlock and then back to the girl. He nodded and the girls gasped. “Can I tell you a secret?”
. You must bear in mind, my locus, my memory place, is huge. I use it to store almost every piece of information my senses gather, whether I am aware of it or not.”
Sherlock sighed. “When you pretended to wash up for fifteen minutes and got soapy water all over yourself because you were surprised to see me there.”
“Because your brother is your brother, not your servant,” John said, then paused. “Do you have servants?”
‘Manned the desk’ was a relative term; John spent more time pushing himself around the ward in the wheeled chair from behind said desk, which was what he was doing while Sherlock played.
The car turned off the winding, potholed lane into a pair of open iron gates, ornate and rusting, which led onto a long gravel driveway lined with horse chestnut trees. At the end of the driveway was another gate between two small brick buildings, and it was here that the taxi finally stopped. John opened the door and almost fell out, eager to welcome the fresh air into his lungs after the journey. The taxi driver opened the boot and helped John lift his stuffed suitcase onto the ground. John stuck his hand into his pocket, feeling for cash.
John walked up to her and lowered his voice slightly, to something more private and respectful. This was taking too long, they needed to go.
What was different about this case? Why could he not see even a glimmer of a shadow of a dust mote of a lead? Why?
“Whereabouts in London do you work?” John asked, remembering the day he and Sherlock had met Mycroft on Tower Hill.
Sherlock remembered that the cutlery was kept in the kitchen, so he walked back into the central corridor and made for the kitchen, but was halted by Mrs Watson spotting him and exclaiming,
Then there was a picture, of the present John had sent Sherlock, out of the brown paper and sitting underneath a Christmas tree, surrounded by other presents.
began slowly and whimsically, Sherlock plucking at the strings. He and Mycroft were working together more harmoniously than John had ever seen them before. Sherlock coped magnificently with some impossibly high notes, and John realised how much he’d missed hearing his friend play. Of course, he’d heard his waltz, but there was nothing like seeing him move with the music, as if the violin was controlling him, not the other way around. There was nothing like seeing his face, smoothed over in concentration, calm even in the faster parts, of which there were many. John now understood why Sherlock had called it ‘technical’, though his face never betrayed any signs of difficulty. John couldn’t take his eyes off him; he was mesmerising.
“Thank you, baby,” said John’s mum as he handed her the tea. She wrapped her hands around it. John tried not to think about how easily he could see the thin bones in her fingers.
Mycroft twitched an eyebrow. “No, Sherlock, unfortunately not. And being what you are now, it’s even more crucial that you – ”
your hair, there’s a difference. Anyway, he just caught my eye and smiled at me a little too paternally.”
“Thank you for dinner, Mrs Watson, it was delicious,” Sherlock said as he entered the room.  “Would you like any help with the washing up?” he asked, to which John’s mother turned around with a look of pure surprise on her face.
, Sherlock had said. “You said I must love her a lot. I don’t. I hate her. I wished her dead. But she isn’t. She’s brilliant, more brilliant than Mycroft and I combined. She drowned Redbeard. She told me she was going to do it. I didn’t believe her until my parents were taking his body away.”
Surprise, surprise: Tall-Dark-And-Moody was nowhere to be seen. John slung his bags onto his bed and kicked off his shoes. That evening, all that really mattered was hot chocolate and that last little bit of homework to finish off before bed.
“It’s nice to see he’s kept himself tidy, at least,” Mrs Watson commented, surveying room number twenty one.
“No, I – ” John turned his shower off. “I actually had a hunch that you didn’t think whatever she would find was important. I was just hoping you didn’t do it because you wanted her out of the way or something,”
“I know what you mean,” laughed John. “I don’t think anyone fully understands 'em. Almost from another planet, all of them.”
John rolled his eyes. “Ah, yes,” He went back to buttering the toast. “How could I forget. So what do you think this means?”
“Let’s go, John,” Sherlock said, walking towards the door and hearing his friend’s laughter rather than his footsteps follow him.
Sherlock led him round the back of the house into the garden, confident in the knowledge that it was too dark for the people in the dining room to see them. Neither boy spoke, just listened to the sounds of the wind in the trees and their footsteps on the frozen ground, the rustling of the coats.
He returned upstairs to find Clara tying Harry’s wet hair into a plait, both of them sitting on the floor. They both looked much more sober.
But for Sherlock, the crowd had dropped away, leaving nothing but the ball, the players, and John. He was playing magnificently, Sherlock thought; even with his mediocre knowledge of the sport, he could see that there was a certain elegance to the way he ran, a certain delicacy about the way he passed the ball, a precision in his dives to the increasingly muddy earth.
“Okay. Okay, yes, that makes sense. What about the circle on the window, then? Or why Eliza had that pendant?”
He didn’t look at the photographs mounted on the walls. Especially not the one with her son and himself laughing on a pair of swings as the sun set.
“Same as the earrings,” Sherlock agreed.  “I don’t think it’s a coincidence that both this and the Turners’ case began with stolen jewellery, but I can’t quite work out the connection yet.”
There was a debate over the legitimacy of London as a county which Sherlock didn’t listen to, and considered leaving once more, but the questions resumed so he remained.
He wished the others would stop interrupting and let John finish. He sounded as if he was in distress and Sherlock wanted to come bursting in and drag him away, to shield him from what he knew those boys were thinking. But he couldn’t, or they’d know he’d been listening.
Sherlock didn’t like direct conversations. He thrived off ambiguity, ambivalence. He talked beneath his words, around them, through them. And there was no ambivalence here, not even in a potential joke John could make about Sherlock’s vanity, if he said it was beautiful. And for some reason, for some god damn reason, he couldn’t say it.
“However, I have to say,” Lestrade went on. “It was… weirdly effective, you great drama queen, so well done,” he finished, and John thought he heard a softness in his voice that was almost paternal –
“Doesn’t that piss you off?” John asked. When Sherlock didn’t answer, he explained. “Like, it kind of pisses me off when Dave sleeps over, because I know he’s sleeping where my dad used to sleep. It’s a dumb thing to be pissed off about, but I can’t help it.”
– that the first notes of Eric’s bass almost made him jump. A bump on the left side of his body reminded him he was supposed to be swaying. He could feel himself blush as he began to move, but then Sherlock began playing again and now he was so close that John could see his eyes and they were fixed solely on John’s. John smiled at him and was given a barely detectable one in return; two private greetings.
His hair was standing up in all directions, eyes still half-closed. He stood next to John, who could feel the heat radiating off his rommate's skin, still warm from bed.
And then his eyes snapped open again with the realisation that he had technically come out to Mike that afternoon. His initial reaction was something akin to mild panic. Was he not supposed to be feeling freed, unburdened? Why did he feel so… exposed? And then his mind fled down a well-trodden path:
A movement in the edge of his vision pulled him out of his head a little. John was drawing in the condensation on the window: a dot, another dot next to it, a bracket on its back underneath, a circle around those three components – a smiling face. John noticed Sherlock watching and smiled at him.
A tiny ‘hello again, how were the hols’ text, nothing worth writing home about, but a text from Sarah all the same. John had thought all hopes of them meeting up again had been fried by Sherlock’s… well, by Sherlock, but maybe luck was on his side. John sent a message back, and was waiting for a reply when -
Sherlock snuffled but otherwise didn’t stir. “Sherlock,” John tried, a little louder. “Wake up, now.”
“Anyway. We tried ringing the number that texted you and nothing. And when I asked, Muhammad said Carl was beloved by all, so our motivation is some twisted killed-for-love deal. We presume that the killer took Carl’s shoes - why? To get you hooked on the case? They must know that when you can’t solve a problem you’ll die trying - ” Sherlock shot him a look. “Sorry, bad choice of words. And then there’s Richie. He seems to not know a thing about what happened at the pool - maybe someone made an AI thing that imitated his voice?”
“You really needn’t have bought that second one,” Sherlock said, indicating the second bacon sandwich John had set down on the table as they sat. “I’m not hungry.”
After they had been dismissed, John meandered back up to his and Sherlock’s room. He paused by the door. Long, mournful notes of a violin were coming from inside. John opened the door very slowly and very quietly, so as not to disturb Sherlock. John found him standing at their window, playing the violin absent-mindedly, staring out into the darkness. Sherlock was completely correct about his own abilities; he was extremely good at the violin. Even from behind, with layman's eyes, John could see that he coaxed the notes from the instrument with graceful ease, and John was entranced. The melody he was playing was excruciatingly sad, and vaguely familiar.
Sherlock had the good grace to exhale a dry laugh. “No, admittedly. When I saw Nadia coming toward us, I could see she had a problem of quite some weight she was on her way to get guidance with – even you probably saw that.” John was about to protest the use of ‘
“Ready?” Mrs Watson asked. John nodded and got up. They each touched the gravestone as they passed it, and walked out of the graveyard, leaving the corpses to their slumbers.
I have been working on this for about five hours today so I am going to stop typing now before my fingers fall off.
Sherlock waved as John pulled him away from the front door and down the path. Harry and Clara, in their rolled-up school skirts and with their swinging pony-tails, were several metres in front of them.
“Yes. This man is a well-known drug dealer who gets most of his clients through the school he used to attend, our school, so we thought we’d try at his house, and called the police just in case.”
John’s alarm was defunct the next morning, as the sound of Sherlock’s violin woke him up well before it was due to go off.
“Mm, my great grandfather built it. Not himself, of course: he had it built. Been in the family ever since. It’s a shame I’m not here so much anymore. I do miss the place when I’m working.”
John said something, another apology, but his mind was racing. Just then, the bell rang, and the next thing John knew, he was walking through the doors of the science block. He walked up to his biology classroom and cast a glance inside - Sherlock wasn’t there yet, so he oscillated outside, tapping his fingers anxiously against his folder.
John returned that gaze. Something about that girl made him feel like a cat with its hackles raised.
“Oh, hell, yeah,” Mike stressed. “The Christmas and New Year period was the worst. He didn’t lash out at anyone, but he was really jumpy, and you could see that it was a physical strain to keep being polite. He would drum his fingers on his desk all the time, and bounce his legs when he was sitting down. He didn’t sleep much, and he paced about, day and night. There were other little things he did, like fiddling with pins all the time, that worried me a bit, but weirdly, he didn’t even attempt to relapse. Or, if he did, which is more likely than not, I certainly didn't notice. He has a lot of self-control, which made me wonder why he got into it in the first place. I asked him once, when nobody else was around, but all he said was ‘bored’ and then refused to talk about it again.”
John deflated the air mattress as Sherlock took a shower. The brothers had gone to find their mother after breakfast, leaving their belongings on Sherlock’s floor. John collected their clothes and put them into their bags. He dismantled the fort, returning the cushions to their rightful places and folding the sheets.
He was holding a ball of screwed-up pages from his Latin textbook in the blue flame of a Bunsen burner with a pair of forceps, watching the flame shift from colour to colour as different inks caught alight. John was sitting at his desk, reading over a poem barely visible within tangles of annotations, highlighter in hand. The only sounds were the rush of the flame and the crumpling of the paper as it burned.
Instead, he turned his attention to the square of floor underneath the sign claiming Doyle’s lane at the deep end. He made a comment to Mike about which year nines and tens were lining up to compete in the first race, and then swept his eyes around the room once more.
Again, the man’s words were drowned out by the cheers of his boys, for whom second place was still cause for celebration.
“Right, on to the drawing room,” Sherlock said, leading John out of the library and back into the corridor that they’d come through. The next door down was open onto a room larger than the library, but just as stuffed with furniture. There was an impressive fireplace set into the wall on their left, above which was mounted a large television screen, the only modern feature John had seen in the house so far. Arranged around the fireplace were various sofas, and behind them was a grand piano, polished to a shine. The room seemed to run behind and underneath the staircase, and one of its longest walls was mainly comprised of huge French windows that opened onto a terrace. John couldn’t see much beyond the terrace, but it had steps which led down to the garden. The moon was just visible behind a tree, bright in the night sky. There was some music coming from speakers that John couldn’t see, quiet and classical.
“Night, everyone,” he said, surprised but beyond relieved that his voice sounded regular, strong. He forced himself to meet eyes, to smile. His throat relaxed as the others replied, and their expressions betrayed nothing but their usual warmth. Ollie slipped past him, presumably to go to the bathroom, and then it was just Mike in the room behind him.
“Can’t believe the government has the nerve to put those things around kids,” she muttered, stabbing a sausage. “And around kids who’ve seen their own families be torn apart by them. Disgusting.”
“I was the one who broke up their marriage. He was having an affair. It was obvious. With the cleaner. He tried to cover it up, and had been quite successful in doing so for quite some time, but I knew. Obviously. When I realised the gravity of the situation, I told my brother, who took the matter into his own hands. I was glad to see him go. I was six.”
John followed Sherlock to the centre of the attic and watched as he opened a skylight in the ceiling. The attic being in the roof of the house, the window wasn’t difficult to reach, and as soon as he’d opened it, Sherlock beckoned John over.
John’s haircut wasn’t helping Sherlock’s urge to put his hand just there, just at the nape of his neck where the hair began. To feel the softness of it between his fingers. Not as much as he’d hoped.
After that, the sneezes became more and more frequent, until they reached their zenith with a full-blown sneezing fit at breakfast the next day.
“I took a course in lie detection meant for police officers when I was nine. Sure, it’s a little rudimentary, and I would have liked to have taken – ”
“What, to help you woo your three counties?” Sherlock said playfully, but immediately after it had left his mouth, John felt him tense, as if he hadn’t meant to say it. John couldn’t think why – it was a joke about Three Counties Watson, from the time they’d played
“There,” he said, indicating the back of the Guinea pig’s neck. John looked closer, and noticed a small patch of dried blood there, between the shoulders, at the base of the neck.
Conversation had been a little forced between them since that afternoon. It felt to John as if they had not only been trying to avoid the elephant in the room; they had been trying to do so while playing Twister with it, and John's arms were beginning to shake with the effort. Now they had two hours to kill. Alone, with nothing to distract them from the events of the day.
He illuminated his path with the phone as he wove between the graves. Some headstones were broken. Some had police tape over them, flapping gently in the breeze.
“Just with, you know, all your blood rushing to your head,” John continued, and Sherlock could feel the air around him move with his friend’s speech.
John laughed with the rest of the house, and put a hand on his friend’s shoulder. Sherlock was smiling.
John began to spin them, and their socked feet were slipping on the kitchen tiles but the only thing that mattered was how warm John’s hands were on his cheeks and how strong his grip was on his jaw and his eyes, so blue from this distance, so deep, and Sherlock had never felt so – so –
“I don’t know what that is, John,” Sherlock huffed. He began to pace. “All I know is that she seemed deeply offended that I didn’t plan to attend.”
John wrested his arm from Sherlock’s grasp but felt his back hit the wall behind him, Sherlock a little too close for comfort. “I’m fucking worried about him. I don’t expect you to get it, Sherlock. You wouldn’t understand feeling protective of kids, you don’t have a younger sibling, but - ”
John had gone to lunch with some assorted Doyle sixth formers. He had joined the queue as usual, a paper cup, a plate and cutlery on his tray, as usual. A few slices of bread, a baguette filled with something – had hadn’t bothered to look before picking it off a shelf. In transition from the serving area to the tables, the bread had migrated into his pockets.
Mrs Watson wiped her hand on a tea towel before shaking the one that Sherlock had offered. John watched as his mother visibly caved, as countless others had done before, under his roommate’s frankly sickeningly slick manners.
, he wanted to say. This was exactly the kind of situation that Sherlock could not resist - a puzzle to solve, and high enough stakes to make it exciting. Unfortunately, this was also the exact kind of situation that Sherlock would let rip him apart, and if there was even a slim chance Victor was back... But John did not say any of that, hanging up on a sigh. He put his phone away and headed in the direction of Victor’s house. He wasn’t sure which missing boy he was expecting to find there, but he had no other ideas.
John’s mouth fell open in confusion at the rapid burst of French, but his confusion quickly turned to surprise as Sherlock fired something back, matching Henry in language and tone.
Anderson hesitated before replying. “Yeah,” he said finally. “We’ve been kind of… on and off for a while. But recently we’ve been on, and I thought everything was fine – ”
He pushed down a swelling tide of nerves, took a deep breath and braced one hand on the back of Sherlock’s neck. The boy’s skin was icy and he was shaking like a leaf, but John positioned the syringe, took a breath, and pushed the trigger.
Sherlock paused on the stairs and the look in his eyes was sombre. “Because on Monday afternoon I came back to our room and lying on my swimming trunks was an empty syringe.”
John cringed. Sherlock had a point. His and Anderson’s history was long and sour, and everything had seemed so calm lately that John had almost forgotten. “I’m sorry. You’re right.”
“Yes you are! Nearly a year! You’re a baby!” John laughed, reaching up and ruffling Sherlock’s hair. At his protests, he teased, “Sorry, what was that, baby face?”
Eddie held out the booklet. Sherlock made no move to get up. From the kitchenette, John mouthed at Sherlock to ‘
He wiped a little of the condensation off the mirror and tried to part his hair as he liked it, but gave up after a couple of attempts which resulted in it flopping haphazardly over his forehead. He rubbed himself dry with a towel and donned his pyjamas. One last check to see that he hadn’t left anything out of place, and he unlocked the door and left the safety of solitude once again.
“I don’t think anybody actually likes wine.” John said as he dug the metal of the corkscrew into the cork. “Your family at dinner? Pretending to keep up appearances. I think it’s a government conspiracy. So we’re going to start with vodka.”
They made their way over to the science block in silence, John striving in vain to keep up with Sherlock’s impossibly long, purposeful stride. The building which housed the labs was, unsurprisingly, an extensive, red brick, old thing, with long, pearly columns adorning the façade. High up, close to the roof, were three engravings; one of early distillation equipment, one showing a set of old scales, and the other depicting an antique microscope. A wave of students, young and old, streamed through the heavy-looking double doors between the central two columns, and John and Sherlock followed.
“Ninety four percent,” Sherlock said, putting down his glass and grabbing a knife from the countertop. He carefully sliced open the envelope and tipped its contents into his hand.
Sherlock watched his family talk, observing the lines in his mother’s skin and his brother’s receding hairline. He fiddled with his cutlery and tried his best not to think about their funerals.
“Hey, John, where’s our consulting violinist?” Lestrade called over the hubbub, voicing John’s thoughts.
Sherlock was awake when John joined him in the land of the conscious. But there was nothing sluggish about his transition. He sat up and gasped once, and Sherlock was two steps up his ladder before he knew why or how.
Fun fact: I wrote the bit about Sherlock's dog before series 3 aired, so when HLV was on it took all of my strength not to yell "I FUCKING CALLED IT" because my family were in the same room. True, I didn't get the name or breed right, but still!
He had his violin across his knees, hands resting unnaturally casually on it. His back was held straight and John could see his chest rising and falling quickly and shallowly.
Sherlock’s charming smile and bright eyes had been left in the kitchen. It was evident he hadn’t eaten or slept for a few days, probably since the last day of school. His lank hair framed a ghostly pale face, and he moved with the lethargy of a dying man.
“This can’t go on, Sherlock,” he said. “That big brain of yours, so brilliant, and you’re wasting it.”
Her friends copied her, growling. Sherlock could feel a smile tugging at his mouth, chastised himself for being irrational, and recited the periodic table of elements in alphabetical order in his head in order to focus.
“Neither would be fantastic,” Sherlock said seriously, and there was a small flicker of his eyes that indicated surprise when the people around him laughed in response.
“John,” Sherlock cautioned quietly. John pretended not to hear. He had reached the end of his tether.
“John,” Sherlock turned to him. “Nobody will be in there; it’s a Saturday night. The security cameras have been turned off with the rest of the power – I made certain of that. The only thing we have to worry about is time. For safety, let’s say that we have to be back in our room in five minutes – that leaves a margin of about two, three minutes for errors - which will
I joke. Anyway, seriously, thanks so much for bearing with me, and I hope to be seeing you all a lot more frequently in the near future. :)
John snorted an incredulous laugh and opened his mouth to say something but before he could, the doorbell rang. He didn’t really want to argue with his roommate, so he let the matter drop and got up.
The deep escalators made John’s head spin, as always, and the Victorian tunnels channelled hot air into a rushing wind that swept John’s hair off his forehead, as always. On the crowded platform, John’s eye was caught by a group of girls about their age, talking with their heads very close together, giggling around their chewing gum, and looking at him and Sherlock. Specifically Sherlock.
John sighed. “Sorry, sir. Yes, sir.” As the doctor walked back to his office, John grabbed the pile of papers and got up, making his way to the wall of cabinets that lined the back wall of the room.
“They’re not huge rivals, but – ” Mike was saying, interrupted by the sound of rapidly approaching footsteps behind him. They both turned around to see Sherlock striding up to them, his hair mysteriously wet. “Hey, Sherlock, where’ve you been?”
John paused the film he had been watching, took out his earphones and closed his laptop. Reluctantly, he fetched his sketchpad and pencils from his rucksack and settled back onto his bed.
The tube station was only a few minutes away, and while Sherlock bought a ticket, John stood next to him and marvelled at the variety of people swept along in the crowds in front of them.
“Tell mum I love her and that I’ll call tomorrow.” John said, his voice a little hoarse from the couple of hours of disuse. Harry nodded, then gave him a quick hug. “If you don’t cause too much trouble, I’ll see what I can do about those stilettos.” he smirked. Harry grinned.
Sherlock gave him another look before continuing. “Therefore, it is only natural that I am interested in crime, or, more specifically, solving crime. It is a pastime, a favourite hobby of mine, just as ‘
“What time do you call this, Watson?” came a voice from the reception desk, and John smiled, turning to Jamie Lancaster.
And he was, John thought, with Eurasian features that seemed perfectly proportioned in clear skin – but Eric laughed.
So they did. They were now facing the way they’d come. Two garages were separated by the short alleyway they’d walked down, and through that alleyway they could see the dull green back of one of the bike sheds.
“Sherlock, what the fuck is this?” he jumped down to get a closer look at the skull. He turned to his roommate, whose only answer was a cocked eyebrow. “A human skull? Seriously?”
house, or the house of his parents more likely. He looked too young to own the house - he still had acne. Sherlock stood in front of him and said something, to which the man replied something else, and soon the two were conversing tersely. The man had his arms crossed and his shoulders back and was apparently trying to look down his nose at Sherlock despite them being roughly the same height. John could not see Sherlock’s face, but his body language was languid and nonchalant, with a somewhat arrogant cock of the head.
He was about to push the sheet of paper back to Sherlock when he noticed a droplet of black liquid trailing slowly from Sherlock’s nose.
“No,” John replied. “I want the kind without alcohol in it,” the arm disappeared. “The other stuff makes me want to throw up.”
John had to keep himself from snickering each time it was said. “Lestrade’s back, finally. Oh. He’s just found out about his wife’s affair and… yes; she’s moved out and they will be getting a divorce within the month. How dull.”
“We, gave away your old uniform, Sherlock,” his father said. “We’ll have to buy you some more tomorrow,”
He had hated himself for weeks afterwards, wanted to wind back time and do the whole exchange over again, but he didn’t know what he would do if he could. But then he’d grown tired of the confusion and sadness and confusion and shame the memories brought him, and shut them out. Built walls. He’d almost forgotten about it all by the time he came to Bart’s and his life was swept away by the boy in room twenty one. But now all those emotions had come rushing back in one great tidal wave of regret, and he felt miserable.
“Why, do you know who it is?” John took a step towards him. Charlie kept looking at him with that even, amused expression, and John thought absently that he looked just as much like a shark as Kitty did. And then he realised. “Wait. It’s
Mummy was running down the corridor behind him, making the floor shake a bit. Mummies weren’t supposed to run. It wasn’t ladylike. Sherlock bet it also wasn’t ladylike to crawl across your son’s bed like that, not so fast and so ugly. Mummy got very close to Mycroft and whispered his name, and touched him very lightly on the arm. If it were Sherlock, he’d probably just give Mycroft a big hug, like Mrs Hudson’s hugs, and tell him that jelly and ice cream would make it all okay again. But Mycroft wouldn’t want a hug right then, Sherlock thought, if he was so upset about mummy just touching his arm – he nearly punched her! Why was he being such a baby? Why didn’t he just stop crying?
They went back to silence for a while. Sherlock watched John. His breathing rate had slowed right down, so much so that Sherlock wondered whether he was holding it. In fact, he was certain he was, at points – when he was drawing a particularly delicate or precise line, Sherlock imagined. His eyes were almost black in the night that was rapidly spilling through their window, the sun having disappeared below the horizon about half an hour ago.
“Now, I think we’ve all had enough of speeches for one day, so I’ll keep mine short and sweet…” he began. His straightforward, informal way of speaking had John chuckling along with his anecdotes from the year that was rapidly approaching its close, and then he was calling the upper sixth forward and giving them each a card and saying how much he had enjoyed being their housemaster and John realised that in just a year’s time, that would be him. Since he had first stood looking up at Doyle’s red-brick facade in September, unsure, carrying his bags with him into his new life, John felt like he had passed through a thousand lifetimes’ worth of experiences. And yet, he knew that in a year’s time when he would look back, it would all seem to have been a fast, fleeting thing. He blinked past tears that sprung in response to watching Lestrade hug a tearful Eddie and turned to Sherlock, not to speak but just to share this feeling of
He turned towards the eastern corner of the graveyard and felt the hairs on the back of his neck stand up.
At lunch, Mike and John sat with the rest of their friends at their regular table. As they ate, John’s eyes wandered about the dining hall. On the table in the furthest corner sat a huddle of bronze-skinned figures, deep in conversation.
Five minutes later, John entered the ward with a glass of water in his hand. The girl, Angelica, was lying in one of the beds with her eyes closed. Sherlock was still playing his violin, though John could have sworn he was doing so quieter than before.
John sat down next to Mike, sinking a little too far into the sofa to be comfortable. He laughed. “Weirdly, no,” he said.
“I know you would have, but not all of humanity has the pleasure of being freakishly fast texters like you.”
“Come on, John,” Sherlock said, tapping John’s arm as he spun on his heels. “A little walk to build appetite never hurt.”
Mycroft was screeching like that baby bird Sherlock had found half-crushed underneath daddy’s car last week, half under his breath. Except this was worse. No matter how hard Sherlock pushed his fingers into his ears, he couldn’t make the sound go away.
John looked to the ceiling as well, at the faded shapes stuck there with ages-old Blu-tack. “Yeah… I put them there when I was, like, eight. Never got ‘round to taking them down. They barely glow anymore.”
A mixture of responses came to mind – most of them involving class-A drugs. However, Sherlock didn’t think that John would smile upon that request. What was the correct answer here? The bland ‘
John was taken aback. He had thought Sherlock had deleted that. Or had pushed it into the farthest corner of the attic of his mind palace at least.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and shifted his grip on the plastic bag that held the clothes he had been buried in.
“I’m fine, passing tests, winning rugby matches, the usual,” there was a snort from someone off screen, and John turned to the source, looking a mixture of annoyed and amused. “Okay, we haven’t won the last couple of rugby matches.”
That was a colossal lie, and they both knew it. But Harry said nothing. “Just make sure your posh-arse roommate knows what’s up, yeah?”
“I’ll go in first,” John said as the pair approached their biology classroom. “After last lesson’s debacle with the Bunsen burner and poor Alice’s plait – ”
“We don’t even know your name, dear. Stay for dinner, at least,” Mrs Hudson reasoned, putting a hand on his arm.
The changing room was eerie. Neither boy bothered to turn the lights on – the skylights in the ceiling provided just enough ambient light to get changed in.
“Okay,” he sighed finally. “I’ll get it sealed up better this time. Thanks for telling me. Night, John.”
“N-!” John began, an aborted cry of anguish as he felt his balance go and both boys tumbled into the water with an almighty splash.
“He tests all of his new pieces on me, dear. He didn’t tell me who it was for, but I see the way he looks at you.”
“Your brother put up a fight, bless him, he did a wonderful job,” Sherlock said as he walked over to Muhammad’s area, and peered at the books on the nightstand. “Ah! Clever boy – clever boy who reads all of these detective stories; he knows what the police, fictional or otherwise, would look for, the more clues the better.”
“Man, it was kinda lame last year. The only highlight was the Doyle lot trying to take over the DJ equipment,” Jamie said.
John narrowed his eyes. He hadn’t mentioned a word about neither Anderson nor Sally in his Herald piece – he didn’t see why he should have, the focus of the text was mourning the loss of the animals anyway. “Any time,” he said dryly, making to move away again.
“Shit,” John breathed. “Cinema?” he suggested, nodding at the building not far ahead. “There’s that new Bond showing and we’ve still got – ”
Mummy kept telling him to breathe with her, whatever that meant, and kept counting. Sherlock wasn’t sure that was necessary – Mycroft was sixteen now, he definitely knew how to count. Maybe he’d forgotten how and that was why he was so upset.
Mike had knocked for John and Sherlock that morning before breakfast, as usual, and having learned that Sherlock wasn’t going, asked him if he wanted anything bringing back from the dining hall. Sherlock, who was already deeply engrossed in whatever experiment he was working on this time, gave Mike such a look that John had had to usher Mike out of the room before the situation could turn sour.
“Take this,” John instructed, handing them a glass of water and aspirin each. They did so, and, under John’s orders, drank the orange juice as well. “Better?”
“Sherlock,” he began, resolving to say something, anything, what he had meant to say hours before. His friend replied with a small hum. “You know this is going to go fine, don’t you.”
“So, yes, well done everyone,” the man concluded. “And now it’s off to bed – no lie-in tomorrow, I’m afraid. The blessings of Saturday school, eh?”
“Ah - John,” he said, eyes darting around as if he was scared someone might see them. “Stamford said you’d be here.”
“We’re just waiting for one more of you lot to turn up, a girl by the name of Molly Hooper, d’you know her?”
“No, wait, don’t put your top on,” John said, and Sherlock didn’t want to analyse the way his stomach flipped. “Come into the bathroom and I’ll clean you up. Come on."
Forty minutes? That meant Sherlock was about, what, three miles from school, and that also meant that John either had to endure forty more minutes of Mike’s friends.
The air was cool enough to make him thankful for his scarf, leaves skittering along the pavement under his feet as he walked. It was good to be back in London again, to hear the city breathe.
He turned around. John was standing behind him, rugby ball under one arm and his first team uniform dirtied with the same mud that was smudged just below his left eye. He was so serious, the line of his mouth like it had been sketched in one fell swoop – or was that the wrong expression?
John had no idea why or how he and Sherlock always got caught up in so much trouble, but he now knew that he couldn’t deny what he’d suspected for a while: that there was no way all of this could have been coincidence. There had been too much, too frequently, too close.
“I worry about him. Constantly.” There was a pause. “But, I would, for various reasons, prefer if our little meeting would go unmentioned – we have what one might call a, shall we say,
He looked over at John. He was fixated on the movie, but his blinks were becoming slower and heavier. He stifled a yawn. Sherlock knew he hadn’t slept properly in days. Sherlock knew it was his fault. But he couldn’t go through this case alone. Sarah’s wretched film night had proven that. He was a mess by himself – he was a mess with John, but with him, at least he felt safe. From himself.
“Sherlock,” John called, moving a chair out of the way. He felt his friend get to his knees beside him. “Dead cat,” John whispered.
He turned his head to see Sherlock curled like a cat to his right. John didn’t know how they’d done it, but they seemed to have gravitated towards each other in the night, Sherlock now almost nestled into John’s side.
John winced. “Okay. Okay, okay. So M came and took them away as soon as you left to come and get me.” Sherlock said nothing. “Sherlock.” Sherlock remained silent, but John felt him squirm in his grip as if he was trying to get away, and that made John panic. He slid his hands down Sherlock’s arms and grabbed his hands, probably too hard, and pulled him back into him. “I believe you.”
“Oh, do you have the money? I’ve got everyone else’s,” Mike asked. John handed him his and Sherlock’s shared sixteen pounds. “Sherlock, will you keep watch? Lestrade shouldn’t see anything as long as he doesn’t leave his house, so tell us if he does, yeah?”
John wasn’t really sure what had just been negotiated in front of him, but Sherlock was striding off out of the room and Mycroft was following, so he followed suit.
“Hello?” He called, pleased to hear none of the fear that was prickling at him reflected in his voice. “Here I am! Before sunrise, just as you asked. Can we stop playing games now?”
sorry, John,” Sherlock said quietly. Before John could say anything, he continued hastily. “I was bored and I – ”
“Mum, is it okay if Sherlock stays the night?” John could feel a questioning glance from Sherlock upon the side of his head, but did not turn around to answer it.
“It’s like…” John began, remembering a day he’d spent with his mother at the vets when he’d been young, one of those ‘bring your child to work days’, remembering her giving a cat an injection, between the shoulders, at the base of its neck. “Like someone gave it an injection.”
John swept his eyes around room twenty-one. It was bare, the first time he had seen it thus since… well, ever.
His mother berated him the entire car journey back from the treatment centre for his apparent fear of commitment.
Sherlock and John said goodbye to Nadia and Muhammad, and to Molly, who was still a little pink in the cheeks. Sarah gave each of them a kiss on the cheek as she left, and soon it was just them and Lestrade in the foyer.
It was as if a dam had burst: the spectators flowed onto the pitch like a tide, streaming around Sherlock, and he lost sight of John momentarily. His eye was caught by the boy who had scored the final try being lifted above the heads of the crowd by the boy everyone called the Hulk. Sherlock recognised him now: a year eleven whose name, which had always escaped Sherlock, was being chanted over and over. A draw, their worst result of the entire tournament. But it could have been so much worse.
John laughed. “Right, for that, I am forcing you to watch crap telly and you are going to fucking hate it. Come on.”
“What’re you reading?” he asked in response, propping himself up on his elbows to better look at the thick book Sherlock had on his knee.
Sherlock cursed himself. The boy sitting opposite him with the gunmetal-blue eyes had let down his guard and Sherlock had taken advantage. And now John was verging on angry. The face that had been open was now closed.
– Sherlock had lost the feeling in his toes, fingers and most of his limbs. It also seemed he had lost all feeling in his head as well. Everything seemed very logical from here on out.
“She’s not - I was just saying that it has to happen at some point tonight; it’s Sherlock’s first ever sleepover and I’m making sure he covers all the basics,”
“Hey, let me have a look at you,” he said, taking a step back. “Oh, wow,” he said, and then worried that there was a little too much enthusiasm in his tone. But Sherlock did warrant it – he was wearing a black suit; tailored, probably, to fit snugly against his body and make him seem as if he’d grown. It was elegant and simple, making him look slim, but not thin; tall, but not gangly. Underneath was a purple shirt, so dark it was almost black and just as tight as his other shirts, stuck to him like cling film. “Looking very dapper, Mr Holmes,” he said.
Sherlock did not sleep that night. John did, but fitfully, in little bursts, waking when he heard a noise, or thought he did, or felt like he was falling from a great height, or thought he felt pressure against his skin.
“He thinks you’re fit!” Mike yelled from the other side of the bathroom. “Piff! Peng! Buff!” John leapt across the room, taking his toothbrush out of his mouth and flicking he bristles, spraying toothpaste and saliva all over Mike’s face. “Super se- ew, John, what the fuck!”
“When Glen swung a punch at his head, Sherlock dropped, grabbed Glen’s ankles and pulled them out from underneath him. Glen fell backwards suddenly and heavily, and Sherlock was still holding onto his ankles tight while he fell so he couldn’t do anything to protect himself from the impact, and the back of his head slammed into the floor. The rest of us - well, except Vlad – rushed in to try to pull Sherlock and Glen away from each other, but before we could do anything, Sherlock was standing over Glen. He still had his shoes on, and he stamped on Glen’s stomach, hard, and again, with his foot twisted so he got Glen’s solar plexus and winded him. Then, Ollie, who was closest, managed to get his arms around the little bugger and drag him away, but not before Sherlock kicked Glen in the spine, which was exposed from when Glen curled up on his side to protect his stomach. Hmm, I kind of fancy a Magnum.”
Sherlock stood upon the Watsons’ doorstep, a brown satchel slung over one shoulder. He looked momentarily startled to be greeted by two teenage girls, but his features instantly reformed into what John had named ‘The Greeting Face’, polite and unthreatening.
, but held himself back. Sherlock could do as he pleased; John had no right to lecture or condemn or feel as crushed as he did. John knew it wasn’t about the substances, anyway. It was about Sherlock finding comfort in something - someone - other than John.
“No, sir; it is rather unusual, which is why we ask you to be sympathetic with his punishment, as this situation is rather an exceptional case,” Sherlock interjected slickly, and John had to admire him for his boldness.
John loved the way Sherlock spoke. His voice was refined by the country air he’d grown up in, each consonant holding the vowels perfectly in place, but it was more than that. It was the way his eyes lit up with humour, how quick they were to take in his surroundings and react to them, how his mouth was never vulgar in its smiles or the way it drew out words that John understood but would never have said. The way he said his name. Something about the roundness of the ‘O’, the way he managed to fit so much into one syllable. Different to how anyone else said it, but in a way that John couldn’t exactly pin down.
He jerked backwards, nearly falling. His coat was caught on something. In something. In John's fist.
“No fuckin’ way, you’ve given it to me now,” Claus retorted, slapping away Glen’s hands, which were seeking Claus’s pocket.
The noise was barely audible – so loud it was almost silent. He could, though, hear Doyle chanting his name –
John began to struggle to his feet, and Sherlock suddenly realised he should help in some manner – he offered out his free hand, which John gripped tighter than he was expecting. With the help of the coach, the boy stood, and wrapped an arm around Sherlock’s neck, Sherlock’s own finding John’s waist.
People began to join in as the song continued, and soon the whole house was singing, shouting, chanting along, the chorus probably heard in the village.
As he handed over the money, Sherlock muttered a “Thanks,” to him, and, rather unexpectedly, kissed him on the cheek.
He looked away, back to the informal dancefloor that the guests had created. Two of the littler children were dancing together in an amalgamation of a variety of ballroom dances. John laughed. “Aw,” he cooed, “look at those two.”
Tom cleared his throat and continued. “So, Mr Holmes, Mrs Hudson. I’m sure you’ve read the leaflets we posted to you prior to your son’s return, and I’m sure you know about the various acts and bills the government has put in place to protect your son and people like him. However, what you may not know is that there also, unfortunately, must to be acts and bills to protect the living as well. To that end, as I’m certain Sherlock understands, it is
“I woke up in the middle of the night one time, I don’t remember why. I could see his figure silhouetted against the window, and it was so strange to see him there again that I just watched him for a bit. I kind of missed him, really. For all his shortcomings, he made things interesting. He must have realised I was awake because he stopped moving about and turned around. I could just see his face in the moonlight. He put a finger to his lips in a
So, on that first night, he slipped out of bed, out of the house, out – into the night. He picked the lock of the library door – a job which would take him seconds now, but then, his fingers were almost numb by the time he stepped over the threshold.
“Do you listen to a word I say?” Sherlock replied, but John knew that the bastard loved the sound of his own voice so much that he wouldn’t mind repeating himself at all. “Mrs Turner, the woman who lives down the road.”
“Don’t think that simply because you share living quarters with me that you have some divine right to intrude on my personal life,” Sherlock said, each consonant sharp, each vowel a stab wound. “Because you don’t.”
Underneath the staircase was a door, held ajar by a rubber doorstop, and labelled with some Clip-art text that read 'MR LESTRADE'S HOUSE - PLEASE KNOCK'. There were voices, laughs, thuds and creaks all over the house; the sounds of strangers settling back into the routine of living together. John had read the school prospectus back to front, and when he'd found out he was to be assigned this boarding house, he'd all but memorised its page.
“Oh, thank God,” Mike breathed. “Because then there would have to be a room shuffle and someone would have to take your place, and you wouldn’t get many volunteers for that, let me tell you,”
Content warning for description of drug use by a minor. The act isn't described, but addiction and the come down is. To avoid, please see the parts to skip
, he remembered – “This is for you,” he said, holding out the cup he hadn’t drunk from, and Sherlock lifted a gloved hand to take it.
John reached for his mug and poured him another measure. “You’ve just got to swallow it as fast as possible,” he grinned.
– will you stop talking my ear off about it?” Sherlock asked wearily. John didn’t think his tone was entirely justified, but living with Sherlock was all about negotiation sometimes.
“John. Quite frankly, I don’t care. Now, if you don’t mind, I want to try and get back to sleep before I have to face the day.”
“Yeah, but I need setting spray,” John repeated for what must have been the hundredth time in the last two minutes.
John could feel a small smile growing as he looked at the sleeping form before him. With Sherlock there was no stopping distance; when he applied the brakes, he applied them hard, and everything simply ceased. The world went quiet. Still. Eerily silent, like the eye of a storm.
“Don’t worry, I had ulterior motives,” Sherlock grinned, the memories coming back. “I ground it up and put it in Mycroft’s tea – he didn’t come downstairs for
Sherlock turned and looked at him in the way he did when something was mildly confusing, but before he could say anything, one of the upper sixth sitting in front of them turned around and irately shushed them.
“I could learn all of the course content from books, or the internet, or getting a job,” Sherlock said. “So I’d just be paying nine thousand pounds for… what? Parties? Living with people I won’t like?”
You’ll be fine. I know it. You’ve always been so brave. Stoic… little Viking, even when you were a kid. Harry the Terrible, Harry the Great…” Then to him, quietly, privately. “Take care of them for me, John.”
“So, basically, the options for sleeping arrangements are either we’re in my tiny room or we’re in the living room.” John was saying.
His eyes had been drifting, unfocused, about the room, and had settled unseeingly on his roommate, still on the floor. Sherlock’s hunched shoulders seemed to sum up the best part of the past week pretty succinctly, and John remembered suddenly that he’d completely forgotten his drawings in all the stagnant chaos. His sketchpad was on his desk, and he leaned over the side of his bed to get it, squishing his insides and feeling all his blood rush to his head.
John described the book Sherlock had sent him for. The boy raised his eyebrows at the mention that the book in question was on the topic of the representation of male genitalia in sculpture throughout history.
It took John and Louis a few moments, but they eventually managed to pull Sherlock off his bed. The boys collapsed on the floor, Sherlock trying his best to look annoyed and fight the grin that John could see pulling at his cheeks.
Once he’d finished with that, he placed it on top of the hat and wrapped the whole bundle in the wrapping paper. Then he wrapped the entire thing in the brown parcel paper and scrolled through his and Sherlock’s text conversation to find the address he’d texted him.
The singing that ensued wasn’t much like singing at all – more like a slightly tuneful football chant, but Sherlock’s violin rang out clear into the air, a singular cry like an owl’s in the night.
“Actually, that wasn’t really a question; those locks of yours need a wash,” John said, ushering Sherlock into the bathroom.
John watched as Sherlock’s gaze dropped to his hands. John had never seen him so vulnerable-looking, that robust chainmail of his falling away despite his best efforts. Something tightened in his chest.
referred to. His parents? Mycroft? Doctors? Kitty had implied doctors. Lots and lots of doctors. “I had no-one I wanted to talk to, so I didn’t,” Sherlock continued nonchalantly. “Until I got Redbeard.”
“And who’s this?” The baker asked, turning his wide grin to John. “I don’t think I’ve seen you around the village before, lad.”
Sherlock laughed, and theh baker frowned as if he didn’t know why. They chatted a little more and the baker gave them two fresh pains aux chocolats for free when he handed over the others he'd bought.
When John returned to the kitchen with Sherlock in dutiful tow, there was a smattering of only half-sarcastic applause, which Sherlock smiled tightly at.
The platform was almost deserted. One of the strip lights overhead was flickering, and John was struck by the sudden sub-zero temperatures after having been in a stuffy train carriage for so long. He wanted to put his hands in his pockets, but was wary of stretching the blazer even slightly. Then he remembered – he had a scarf, at least, that he had packed last-minute.
Sherlock wasn’t sure what to do with that information, that John’s gaze had been fixated on his neck for an undetermined amount of time while Sherlock was elsewhere, so he put it in a box by the back door for further consideration at a later date.
Sherlock heaved a sigh and got up, going over to the laptop and pausing the music before anyone could sing. “We are not listening to that.
John’s veins were pumping lead around his body; he was becoming heavier with every heartbeat, and pulling on his pyjama trousers was a herculean effort. But he couldn’t sleep. If he did, who would watch Sherlock?
John snorted, and Sherlock felt himself dissolve. They both erupted into ugly, eye-watering, undignified laughter, letting go of wherever they had been gripping each other and covering their mouths with their hands. Even though next to nothing made sense in the laughter and the warmth and the fizzing in his veins, Sherlock knew that John was so close to him that he could feel his heat, radiant and golden.
John noticed him watching him. He caught Sherlock’s eye and flashed him a smile, which Sherlock tried to return.
Angelo was slapping John’s face, and Sherlock felt himself about to run onto the pitch, to shout, to do something, but then he saw John’s eyelids flicker.
At first he hadn’t believed it, but he got older. And then Redbeard was taken away. And Mycroft went to boarding school. And the kids from the village had thrown stones at him on his second day at the primary school. So he didn’t go back. Spent his childhood in the family home. And then had been sent to Bart’s. And had been ostracised and mocked and punched and kicked and laughed at.
John woke on the morning of his seventeenth birthday in a cold sweat. He was alone in room twenty-one, Sherlock’s bed already empty and perfectly made, as ever. The house was still, the only sounds being the muted chatter of the birds outside and his own breathing.
“Christ alive, Sherlock,” John cursed, torn between wanting to laugh and wanting to slap his friend across the face. He went with laughter.
“I didn’t get another chance to talk to her after that,” John explained. “So, what is your hypothesis, Detective Holmes?”
“It was my idea,” Molly called, not turning around from where she was hunched over Mike’s tray. John heard Sherlock exhale a laugh beside him.
He watched John gather his things and he reminded himself that he’d see him again in just under a week – four days, in fact, which was barely any time at all.
As a hush fell as the stage lights did the same, the boys turned away from Sherlock again, and he settled back in his seat. He leaned down to slide his violin and bow under his chair, and when he straightened up again, John frowned at the sight of his friend’s hands as he folded them in his lap.
Victor looked over Sherlock’s shoulder at the approaching John, then back at Sherlock, then back to John, before his eyes settled on Sherlock’s, a grin spreading across his face. “No,” he laughed. “No way.”
Sherlock kept looking at John. John knew it was because, even thinking mostly about Mike as he was, he kept looking at Sherlock. It was automatic. If Sherlock was in the same room as him, it was an effort to look at anything or anyone else.
