It doesn’t stop her from saying, “You and Tiberius have been friends for years, Anthony. No one has heard from him since he arrived at the villa. We’re all worried.”
Steve thinks, briefly, the way he has every morning this week, of shaking his tail, but he figures it's not Clint's fault Tony is being so distant and stubborn, so he keeps his pace even and steady and only jogs for three miles before he cuts it short and ducks into a coffee shop, dropping into a seat across from Clint while he heaves and gasps.
"Just getting coffee. What are you doing?"
He looks at it, and his brows furrow. He's never heard of the lobbyist heading the committee, has never heard of the many ambassadors who are backing it.
"I think if the Accords Council feels it's necessary, it must be. The Accords Council is to protect the civilians of the world, isn't it?"
a tiny voice murmurs.
“Those weren’t real!” Clint snaps, and Tony arches an eyebrow.
"Yeah. Tomorrow is--tomorrow is good."
They're
Steve murders Howard and stages it to look like a suicide. If you'd to avoid it, please stop reading at the scene break after
He knows that, knows it like he knows a smear of red on the highway was an animal.
"Alright them. The help hasn't complained so I'm gonna just keep doin' what I've been doin'."
, of all fucking people, being thrown in his face, like Tony doesn't spend his nights and days and hours in between flirting with Pepper, and sure, it's different, they're friends and they work together, but that
Howard is looming over him and he can smell the Scotch on his breath. Obie is pouring a drink, ignoring them, and Tony can feel tears burning in his eyes.
Peggy freezes when she sees him. She didn’t know about them, then. Her gaze darts between them before her expression settles into something quiet and still.
“Well then. Let’s not keep him waiting,” Tony says lightly and ignores the looks Rhodey and James exchange, choosing to lead the way out of the royal suite and down to--
Steve breaks.
She goes quiet, and then very quiet. “What happened last year?”
It takes a week before Tony finally emerges from the workshop. He comes to Steve, pink and warm from his shower, and collapses into bed with Steve, and his kiss is biting and angry and desperate, but it's still given, freely given, and Steve feels the hot burn of tears, as he holds Tony close.
No one said anything about it after that night, when the stood around JARVIS' corpse and threw accusations and fury and he couldn't respond because JARVIS was
It’s bitter and ugly. “I have a stack of divorce papers and a house on the market that says he did.”
is safe," he says. "You’re home and you're safe, and yeah--fucking
Tony, predictably, doesn't want to talk about it.
“I could get it
"Hey," Sam protests, mildly and she rolls her eyes.
He'd never liked that Tony was so smart.
Tony smiles and shrugs. “Who knows? I’ve reinvented myself a few times, Capsicle. Maybe it’s time to do it again.”
Barely, but he does. From the corner of his eye, Tony can see Steve, the tense frame of him, the fury in his drawn set features, and he wonders if he’s right. If Steve would kill Howard, for hitting him.
Steve isn't stupid enough to think he's sleeping, and it doesn't surprise him, when his voice drifts from the dark, almost painfully empty. "I don't know what game you and Stark are playing. I don't even know that
There’s no response, not at first. Then there’s a muttered curse, and the keys jangle when they hit the ground, his wallet slapping down next to them, and the lazy voice is urgent now, and Steve twists to look at him.
There is stubble burn on his belly and on his thighs, and a pleasant ache in his ass, and Steve is still asleep in his bed, the first time Tony hears the words,
"Did you fuck her?" Tony asks, abruptly, the fight draining out of him. "Was it like fucking Peggy?"
Tony shoves his hand in his pockets. "Fury saw the Avengers as the endgame. He saw a team that could save the world, if we played our cards right. And he was right, you know--we did. But that's where he stopped
"Where?"
Howard.
Two days that stretch endless and speed by faster than he can blink, but there is a marriage to consider and respect, his daughter to consider.
Sometimes Steve feels every single day of his one hundred years, and wonders what the hell he's doing.
he doesn't recognize as a warning, and he looks at it, the briefing he doesn't have the security clearance for because he's a civilian now, and not under contract with SHIELD or the DOD or any of the other alphabet agencies.
"Was the Raft on the chin enough?" Wanda snarls.
who could steer Tony at all, making her one of four people in the world and the only one at SI.
“Pretty little slut,” he murmurs, soft, fond.
“You think I will now?” Steve asks, genuinely curious.
“You wouldn’t have listened, if i hadn’t.”
"Ms. Everheart, it's always nice to hear from you," he starts, fake bright cheerful.
He's panting, a little, and Sam is staggering along at his side, cursing him with a wheezing voice, when they hear them.
weary and resigned.
It’s the way he positions himself, between Tony and the world.
"He told you about prom?" Steve demands, his stomach clenching and twisting and Clint pauses, gives him a weird look and Steve swallows. Sits back. That was--that was too intense. He needs.
There’s something in between the lines of Jarvis’ report, something he can read clear as day and he isn’t sure if it’s reassuring or terrifying.
“She had a family,” Steve says, softly. “In--the time I came from. She had a family. Children and grandchildren. A niece. She was happy.”
He thinks about it.
But Tony had never once stayed in a box Steve tried to put him in and he was too damn hungry to accept anything but everything.
Steve Rogers was traveling the globe, rescuing babies and righting wrong and—“The PR campaign was very well done,” she says, reluctantly. “You’re seen introducing a new line of tech while Rogers and the Rouges are rescuing trapped miners—people have very short memories, especially in America. It wasn’t
When he pulls back, Tony stares at him with tear bright eyes and he’s never looked more beautiful, and it’s the first time that Steve thinks--
"Is she--"
His phone rings, though, Bucky’s ringtone, and he sighs. Scoops up his wallet and keys and goes home.
"Why?" Peter--his name is Peter, and he's Tony's protege, the one that Tony would pin his entire world on, if he were forced to pin them on someone. "Why do this?"
He frowns, because Steve never notices, when people look at him with hungry eyes, but Tony knows his mother, knows what it looks like when she’s staring at someone she wants in her bed, a lesson he learned from his first tutor and the gardener and the pool boy and fucking Hank Pym, because Mama had very little in the way of discerning taste, when she saw something pretty.
It’s almost clinical, the way that Jarvis lists the injuries, lists the inciting incident and the way that Rogers reacted, the surgeries that it would take to put him back together.
Especially since he'd seen the way Rogers had looked at him, before he shepherded Tony from the mansion, like he'd happily tear Stane apart and leave him blood on the ground next to Howard.
Tony goes quiet, watching her, and she wipes away the tears. Her face is blotchy and red, and he loves her, fiercely, loves the way she cries with such ugly dignity, the way she has always been steady and solid for him, the way even now, she is better to him than he deserves.
He punched Howard, the first time he found a bruise on Tony.
“And you’ve always wanted
His phone buzzes and Tony pauses in the middle of what he's saying as Steve glances at it. "If you've got somewhere to be," Tony says, leading, and Steve shrugs. Tucks it away.
"What the hell," Peter breathes, and across from him America is cursing, low and steady. Jessica has already bolted and his comm is ringing, Hope calling in as Harley drops next to him.
But Tony is leaving them, leaving
It doesn’t matter which, because Tony can hear them both, and he smiles, and curls close and kisses him again.
"Do you want
Then Tony pulls away and sniffles, stepping back out of his arms and turning. "Goodbye, Steve," he murmurs.
They took care of each other.
"And Steve pined," Natasha adds, smirking. "If you try this again--" Tony makes a choked noise--"make sure Steve doesn't act like a love-sick puppy."
It unfolds in little things, and over the next two months,
He nods, not bothering to vent the scream climbing his throat. Pepper sighs and hooks her hair behind her ear. “Between that and the new Accords—there isn’t a way to stop this. The public perception is there and they
He doesn’t pay any attention at all, until Bucky hisses in pain, and his head whips around to find a kid poking at the still healing stump.
His heart is pounding and he wants to wave it off, wants to hide from that expectant stare and the curve of his lips, and the burning itch in the back of his mind that he’s missed for
"I don't know what you mean," Tony says, and Rhodey huffs.
"We have to put together a timeline," Tony mumbles, curling against him, sleepy and warm.
Tony frowns up at him, and Steve shifts, lowers himself to rest against his chest, peering up at Tony. "You know I'd do anything for you," he murmurs and Tony softens, melts into the couch a little, his fingers brushing through Steve's hair. "I--I don't like that he's using me to hurt you."
It’s easier. Like a slowly tightening band of tension gone loose, there’s an ease in the house and between them, now. Steve’s needy, reaching for Tony more, his hands gripping tight on his hips when he goes to his knees and sucks him off in the early morning, when he crowds against Tony’s back in the workshop, bending him over the table and rutting against his ass until Tony whimpers and spills into his sweats, and slumps across the table.
It hits like a blow, and Tony shakes his head. "No."
Steve blinks at him, and the boy grins, shyly. “I’m Tony Stark.”
When Loki reads the news, he is sitting in his husband's lap, and Thor is braiding his hair. A pair of puppies play at their feet, and the winter is just beginning to thaw the Iron Keep. They should return home, soon, he thinks.
"We'd win," Steve says mildly and Tony tips his head to the side, kisses Steve's knee fondly.
Well.
Tony fidgets while he waits. Dumee is slumped on the couch, panting lightly, bright eyes fixed on his master, and Tony strokes his ears for a moment, nervous and uneasy here, where he's always been at home.
His smile isn't the soft one he wears when he's happy, or the wide excited one Rhodes always brings out.
"Did you have something to do with it?" Ross demands, and he blinks.
“I’ll cut you off. I’ll leave SI to Stane and damn you to hell for it. But my heir will not be a cocksucker. I will burn the company to the ground myself first.”
“Steve!” Tony shouts, and that small
That kind gentleness is gone, and there's only a cold, dangerous sharpness to him now.
This--a tiny vial of ink.
"Anything wrong?" Steve asks, a hint of that sleepy sweetness draining away and Tony kisses him, hard and shakes his head.
oblivious, can he? But he's stand there, smiling, happy like all is right with his world, like the little witch isn't ready to rip Tony apart for
He was dead. He died fighting the wars the Iron Kingdom created, with their weapons, and Tony didn't deserve to have him back, didn't deserve anything --not even the love that Pepper gave him so willingly.
"Yeah. Um. It's been--"
Steve flinches, his gaze darting wildly to Tony’s face.
Victim blaming, child abuse, graphic violence, implied manipulation and gaslighting. Basically all the horrible people in Tony's life are horrible.
She makes a noise, something wounded, and he looks at her, guilty.
She’s haunted him, cold and distant and inescapable for decades.
Rhodey is silent, watching Tony with narrow eyes. He reaches out and takes the coffee from Tony, swallowing the dredges and picks up his tablet, flicking the stories to holoscreens. The stories glow, a brilliant arc reactor blue in the dim bedroom. Rhodey flicks through them lazily. The indictment, the expose with confidential sources about Ross' ties to mutant hate groups, the op-ed piece on the Accords spring boarding Ross' bid for the White House.
“Tell me what you want,” Rogers says, finally, and some of the fear tightening his gut goes loose and he nods before he begins to speak.
"I don't want to lose you," he says, helpless.
Steve's quiet, and then, "What happens now, Tony? To us."
"Ross," Rhodey says. "From start to finish, this has been clean and fast and impeccably timed--it's the kind of coup that you and Pepper executed when you cleaned Stane's people out of the board."
have a seperate story. Because I fell in love with Loki here and he is a chatty bastard. But this one, Tony & Steve--their story is done. I hope you love it as much as I loved writing it.
There's something very satisfying about it, scrubbing Howard's blood from the floor when so many times it's been Tony's.
The knock comes while he’s pouring coffee, when he’s almost asleep on his feet and only the fact that he has mid-terms to facilitate keeps him upright.
because of that. They knew Stane was crooked, but this--this is exactly what Tony has been waiting for.
That in a fucking Tom Ford and loafers, he's holding his own against the Winter Soldier.
It was enough.
Mind the updated tags, check the end for spoilers.
Steve Rogers. It was a choice I made.”
Steve laughs, and shrugs. "I've been doing dangerous shit since before Tony met me,"
Also mind the tag updates!!
Tragic and lovely and
“Of course there is,” Tony bites out, arching an eyebrow. A small smile tugs at Bucky’s lips, but he manages to keep a straight face.
Sam is quiet, steady. Patient. Sam is his solid rock, the person he's been leaning on since before he ever realized that's what he was doing, and now--now his team is a disaster and Bucky is in ice and everything he thought he knew is a mess and Sam is still quiet, steady. Patient.
"My friends think I'm your kept boy," he murmurs, and Tony shudders. Steve bites the curve of his ass, fucks a finger in, too dry to feel good but Tony just sobs and presses back against him, begging wordlessly for more.
confirms it.
"James Rhodes. Who the hell is this?"
That’s what this is about.
Bruises on the soft skin of his thighs, and the finger shaped bruises on his back, and Steve's hair slipping wet and soft under his lips.
He sighs and saunters after his father, after Obie, and hopes Mama has the good sense to leave Steve alone in his absence.
Steve didn’t offer to help because he thought Tony needed it--he offered because
It happens often enough that Tony notices, because Tony notices everything, tracks the metal hand on Sam’s ribs, the way that Sam’s gaze ticks to Bucky, his smile a little sad.
(See the end of the chapter for
He reads it and lets a smile curl his lips, just a little. Presses back into Thor, and is given a kiss on his shoulder for his troubles. Gentle fingers comb through his hair and he sighs, closing his eyes.
, was the thing, because it was familiar--glass that kept him on the outside looking in, where he'd spent his childhood in boarding schools, where he lived, at MIT, until Rhodey made a space for him.
"But you don't deny that it's
Tony blinks, and sticks his hands in his pockets, smiles lazily. "I recall. Since my name is on the deed."
His smile is wrong.
Steve's arms tighten and then he lets Tony go, and slips into his suit as Tony slips into the shower.
“I think that you love Tony and i think you enjoyed what you did, In the Maldives, because it was justice, as well as protecting him.”
of, when he'd walk into the kitchen and find them laughing, caught in a story that Tony didn't know. It hurt when Natasha came home, dragging Clint behind her, and fell into Steve's space without pause, when she passed him information with a smug smirk and didn't share with anyone else but no one else seemed to be lost.
“Cut it in half for me,” he says, and Steve smirks, reaches over and neatly divides the burger while Tony picks at the fries.
Bucky stares at him, and he can see familiar pain in his brother's eyes.
“And Stone?”
Their Princess still charmed them and claimed the favor of the Knight of Spiders when the Kingdom held a tourney.
Tony perks up at the mention of his best friend, the way Steve knew he would.
Happy doesn’t say anything, when he sees Tony, although his face goes very pale and his hand clenches as he pulls open the door to the towncar.
“You have a good day, Tony.”
"Probably until you decide to quit doing dangerous shit."
“I never make it easy for you, do I?” he asks, soft and she makes a noise, small and heartsick. “Tell me.”
Steve grins, because Rhodes has been Tony’s best friend for longer than he’s known Tony, is closer to a brother than anything, and if he’s here--
There are too many people in the room—Wanda and Rhodey and Vision and Sam, people who he likes, i
It’s enough to keep him in the Tower. If it wasn’t, the empty space at his right, the scars snaking up and over his face, shoulder and ribs--they were enough.
Tony still dreamed, sometimes, about the army on the other side of the wormhole, about a mad killer that hadn't come for them, but
Rhodey is watching him, sharp and probing and Tony wants to squirm under it, wants to turn away from him, but he doesn’t, just waits until his best friend’s expression lightens and a smile, small and almost relieved, tips up the corners of his mouth. “You haven’t told him.”
“You always knew,” Steve breathes.
The furrow in his brow deepens, and Tony sighs, but he doesn’t any anything else.
It takes three days before he stumbles across the first one, the same wiry kid from his living room being cornered by two men with honest to god face tattoos.
to them. Hating someone, gossiping about who they're fucking--it's not worth being on Tony Stark's shit list.
him, that Rogers had been recovered from the ice--it was too late. Tony was already there, and wrapped up in Rogers.
There is a period of adjustment. A few months when the Ironborn march armed through the Keep to protect the queen regent and the young heiress. Months of letters sent from the Six when Anthony sets aside his crown.
” He smiles then, shifts and Howard is reminded, suddenly, of the endless tests, the ones that measured his strength. “What do you think I’d do for the man I love more than life itself?”
Rhodey stirs, his face creasing for the first time, and Tony smiles, waves at the empty prison. "Whoever did this, General--it wasn't me.”
Steve threw the lights on, floods the bedroom with it, and Tony whines, curled around himself, as small as he can make himself, and shakes through the terror until Steve’s voice finally sinks in, pierces the terror and Tony
He nods, a jerky thing, and Steve’s smile blooms, bright as sunshine.
“He doesn’t deserve the indignity of a murder trial,” Steve says, very softly. He leaves the gun in Howard’s hand, and it falls, limp, against the bloody ground.
," Steve protests. "I'm just--not avoiding it."
Well, and he talked back. He did that. It was a bad habit, a loose sharp tongue, always poking at Howard.
"There's been no proof of life, but--we think so. No body and not enough blood to think he's been killed."
"She," Pepper says tartly, "is sitting right here. And he's right."
"Sorry about that," he says, completely insincere and she smiles like she doesn't buy it for a second.
Pepper breathes a laugh, and stands. Tugs him toward her suite and he follows her, to the familiar comfort of her rooms, where they have always been a family. She closes the door after them and says, softly agreeing. "Tomorrow."
thing."
,” he snapped and Steve laughed, mean and quiet, too aware of Peggy asleep on the other side of the house.
“They’re forever, Buck. You--he’s told you.”
His voice breaks and Rhodey understands, abruptly.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Hello, Mr. Stark," she says, professional and beautiful in her towering knockoff heels and just out of season business suit. "I don't have an appointment, but--I think you need to see this."
"So you support the Raft prison, then? You support the interment of the so-called Rouges in that prison?"
Their King still blows up fields and buys out taverns. Their Queen still rules with an iron fist and a kind smile, an ruthless efficiency that sees a prosperity and wealth to the kingdom that they hadn't experienced in generations.
“Damnit,” Steve muttered. He tossed his phone onto the couch and moved about his apartment, putting things back into place.
“Yes. Sorry- is this a bad time?”
“Come on. It won’t be too bad. Remember last time? You were pleasantly surprised by how nice the party was.”
Natasha rolled her eyes. “Don’t listen to him. Things have been going really well.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Later that night, after the event, Tony’s question bounced around Steve’s mind. The question was such a simple one, but he couldn’t get it out of his mind. It kept nagging him. He didn't understand why though. He wasn't interested in anyone. He knew that he wasn't. Or did he know that? If he wasn't, why would the question keep poking at him? If Steve was interested in someone...who was he into?
A home. That’s what Tony had given him. When he came out of the ice, he had been so lost. He hadn't had any friends. He hadn't had anywhere to really call “home”, but Tony tried to make him more comfortable; he invited him to the Avengers facility and helped teach him more about this century. Sure, their relationship hadn’t always been ‘great’, but Tony still helped him feel more at ease, more welcomed in this century. It was surprising, really, how much their relationship had grown considering how they started out. When he had first joined the Avengers, Tony and him didn’t see eye to eye at all. Steve thought that he was arrogant and selfish. After the battle in New York, though…well, he realized that he was wrong. Tony was so much more than he had originally thought; he was kind, selfless, caring. Sure, knowing that didn’t stop them from bickering, but they at least understood where the other was coming from. They tried to listen to each other, learn from each other. Through the years, Tony had quickly become one of his closest friends, if not his closest friend.
“Good evening,” Steve said.
“I know that I can’t,” Steve murmured. He winced; he never wanted to talk about this with him. He had just wanted to get over his feelings without telling him. That way he could’ve spared Tony from looking like he just got hit with a curveball that he had no idea was coming. "I didn't want to feel this way."
“No, it’s…fine.”
Steve knew that he should look at him as he said this, but he couldn’t. He didn’t want to see his reaction.
The professor walked to the front of the room and glanced at the students. She began lecturing about some case that happened a while ago. Steve glanced at his notebook and smiled softly. Perhaps this day wouldn’t be too bad after all.
“You’re on,” Happy said, brushing past him.
“It’s fine – do you want to talk about it?” It wasn't, but how he was feeling at the moment wasn't important.
“Thanks, er, for having me over.”
Steve thought for a moment. He could mention the things that he had been thinking about, but he knew that he couldn’t talk about them with Tony. “No, that’s all,” Steve replied. “I’ll see you tomorrow.”
“So…what you said earlier is true – I caused all of this.”
“It’s not done yet, obviously. I still have to color it in...the final product will look much-”
“And why would I do that?”
“Definitely are surprised.”
. Celebrate this moment with
Bucky nodded. “And I’m glad for that. When you were talking about him, I kept waiting for you to tell me that you had feelings for him, but you never mentioned it. The other day I asked Nat if you had talked about it with her but she told me that you never did.”
Steve laughed softly. “I’d be hurt if we didn’t.”
Slowly but surely, Steve found himself not thinking about Tony as much. He still missed him, but he could manage to make himself think about something else if his thoughts turned to him. Sometimes he thought about texting him since he was feeling better, but he could never bring himself to because he was worried that if he saw him, all of those old feelings would come back. So, he kept his distance and tried to keep himself busy. He figured that when he was ready to see Tony, he wouldn’t be worried about his old feelings coming back.
[Then why would I have given you my number? –Stark.]
“I appreciate that.” He looked down at his hands. “Tony…my intention was never to hurt you. I never wanted to do that-”
“I’d like to have your sausage pizza with onions.”
So, tonight had to go perfectly.
“R-right, of course.”
Steve glanced at the paper and frowned; he didn't recognize most of them.
Steve looked at him. “Yeah?”
“Now?” Tony repeated.
Steve frowned and quickly typed a response back.
“What happened?” he asked.
“And ruin your big night?” Bucky asked.
“Sure,” Tony said. “So…what’s your favorite color?”
It turned out that shading the portrait took a lot longer than Steve thought it would. Once he was about three-fourths of the way through, Steve paused because he was growing frustrated at how
“That won’t happen. Besides…I’ll be right there with you. No matter what happens, we'll get through it together.”
“Steve?”
“I could have at least texted you,” Tony said. “You know - let you know how I was feeling.”
“It’s not
Steve glanced over his shoulder. Tony stood behind him wearing a gray tracksuit. His hands were tucked into his jacket pockets.
“It doesn’t really matter, does it?” Steve’s voice was barely audible.
“Good evening, everyone. Welcome to Art 101. We are all passionate about art, so let’s focus keep our focus on that.” Her gaze settled on Steve. “Remember that art is for everyone.”
“Anything for you?” She stared out the window that was behind Tony.
“I’m sorry, Tony.”
Steve’s gaze flicked to the top of the screen; he froze when he saw who was texting him.
Here's the next chapter!
“But then…I realized that I missed you,” Tony said softly. “I missed talking to you, asking your opinions about things, just being around you. So I decided to contact you. When we started to talk again…I realized just how much I missed you.” He smirked and shook his head. “You’re a hard man to not want to have around, Rogers.”
that easy though. It was the farthest thing from it, in fact. On one hand, he thought that he should go to the event because he told Tony that he would go; it would be rude not to. On the
I apologize for any typos or grammatical errors.
“Thank you,” Steve said. He sat down across from Tony.
“Of course.”
He brushed past Steve and grabbed a plate next to the stack of pancakes. He put some on his plate before glancing over his shoulder, his eyebrows raised, as if asking a question.
I hope that you guys enjoy it!
Sorry for the delay in posting! Here's the next chapter. Hope you like it!
She looked at him with wide eyes. Steve glanced at Tony before looking back Morgan.
him again. That wasn’t an option, though. The only thing he could do was to continue with his plan – which was to stay away from him- until Tony contacted him, which he doubted that he would.
He thought back to his drawings. Yes, even though he was nervous to show Tony his drawings, nothing had changed – he still trusted Tony more than anyone else.
“It felt very intentional,” Tony said, tone harsh.
“Tony, please, wait.”
“This was honestly the last thing I wanted,” Steve said softly. As much as he hoped this would happen, he hadn't wanted Tony to experience the pain that he endured.
. Smiling to himself, Steve entered the room. He didn't get very far before pausing, his eyes widening at the interior of the room. Along the walls were white columns of granite that met crown molding that had a diamond pattern engraved in it. The ceiling was painted white; three chandeliers hung from the ceiling, casting a soft glow to the room. In the center of the room were round tables that some people sat at; others stood around them, talking to the people next to them. On the opposite side of the room, there appeared to be a small stage that had a podium on it. The room was, in short, beautiful. Nothing like Steve had ever seen before.
That morning, Steve went to the kitchen around five. He buzzed around the kitchen, preparing pancakes, sausages, and coffee. Otherwise known as Tony’s favorite breakfast. Now, there was a chance that Tony wouldn’t eat breakfast if he wanted to get to work straight away, but he figured that he could always bring him breakfast if he didn’t stop by the kitchen first.
“Yes,” Steve said again, gaze still downcast.
Steve had gone on a few dates with other people after Sharon, but he always seemed to come to the same conclusion: Something was missing. Eventually, he stopped dating. He didn’t see the point in dating if he would just end up just not being interested in the relationship. Natasha had volunteered to set him up with someone a couple of times, but Steve had declined her offers. She had been surprised by his refusals, but she dropped it after Steve told her that he wasn’t interested a few times.
Tony smirked at Steve and got up, walking over to the apartment door.
“Okay – I’ll have whatever he’s having.” He gestured to Tony.
“You don’t want to hear about it, Tony.”
At the beginning, things were going well. It seemed natural to be with Sharon; conversations were easy and they had a lot of the same opinions. Their dates were decent, too. Steve always found himself having a good time. After a while though…something felt off. He felt like he was missing something. He wasn’t sure what exactly, but he just didn’t feel excited about the relationship. He enjoyed being around Sharon though, so he didn’t understand why the relationship felt like it wasn’t quite working. Shortly after he figured that the relationship wasn’t working, he ended it. He felt bad for ending it, but...he knew that it was for the best.
Again, sorry that it took so long to upload this.
One of the things that they wanted to do before telling the public was to tell Pepper. They wanted her to know before the public knew. They thought about informing Morgan about them, too, but they decided that Pepper could tell her when she felt like the time was right. Tony and Steve also talked about how they would tell Pepper – if it would be the both of them or just Tony. That discussion ended with Tony saying that he’d tell her. Steve had asked him if he was sure and Tony had said yes. Saying that Steve was nervous about Tony telling her was an understatement. After they decided that they were going to tell her, Steve couldn't sleep much and he spent most of his days drawing. Tony said that it would probably go fine, but that didn't make Steve feel any better. After all, Tony had left Pepper to be with him. Pepper had every right to be upset, even if Tony hadn’t known that he wanted to be with Steve when he got a divorce with Pepper.
“Erm, so…why’re you guys not with the rest of the party?”
“I do
Just like Steve had expected, the first month of second year was spent alone. Well, alone in the sense that he didn’t talk to anyone except for Bucky. He supposed that he shouldn’t be surprised. He had heard that friendships that develop during the first year typically break apart during the second year. Not because people suddenly stop wanting to be friends with the people they met during first year, they were just too busy doing other things.
Steve glanced up at him and tried to grab the remote from him. Bucky jumped back and held the remote above Steve’s head so he couldn’t reach it. Steve jumped to try to get it, but it wasn’t any use. He couldn’t jump high enough to get it.
“Because.”
I can't believe that this story is almost over.
“Yeah. The nurse gave me the all clear a few hours ago, but I was talking to Bucky and Natasha. Did they stop by?”
“You had nightmares about me?”
“I’d like to…give it a try.”
“I was not tired of the music. I just didn’t like the type of music that was playing.”
“What are you doing here?”
Although Steve had Tony’s number in his phone now, he refused to call him. Not because Tony had done anything wrong – he just met the guy – he didn’t know much about him. No, Steve was worried that somehow that he would annoy him. After all, this was Tony Stark…he had better things to do than talk to some average Brooklyn kid.
He winced as the words left his mouth. Geez, could that have been any more awkward? He had been with Tony for years now; he thought that he would have adopted some of his charm by now.
“I’m sorry, Tony, I never should have told you -”
“Well…I’m not feeling guilty anymore.”
Tony shook his head. “No...that’s okay.”
Strip? Steve blinked, almost sure that he hadn’t heard him right.
Steve rolled his eyes. He’d like to believe what Bucky was saying, but he just couldn’t. He has seen Pepper and Tony together – they make each other happy. He couldn't see Tony ever leaving her.
“Steve,” he said. His voice was softer, kinder, than he had ever heard it.
“Well, you’ve read it now.”
“We are here today to break ground on the new Avengers facility. This will act as a beginning of a new era for the Avengers.”
Bucky broke a piece of bacon that was lying on the plate and popped it into his mouth. “But, I have to say, I’m thrilled that you finally realized that you had feelings for him. It was dreadful to hear you talk about him.”
Three yards away -
Bucky took a piece of bacon and munched on it. “Love is a fickle thing. It’s strange, hard to explain, confusing-”
“I suppose that I don’t.”
“Pepper and I got a divorce,” Tony said; the words were barely audible.
“I know that my behavior has been odd ever since the battle. And I know that I already apologized for my behavior from that night…but I don’t think that’s good enough.”
“He means what do you like to drink,” Natasha said.
The study session lasted quite a bit of time, but they managed to get a lot of things done. And thanks to them – mainly Tony, though – Steve felt like he had a better grasp on the material. When he left, he felt like he’d be able to ace his exam.
“Did you want to call me?” Steve’s heart thundered in his chest. Tony had actually kept the phone with him. Carried it around with him. He couldn’t believe it. He thought that he’d throw it into a drawer or something. He took a sip of his tea and tried to focus on the way it tasted and not what Tony’s answer would be.
“Of course I did.”
“Ah…well, sorry. I’ll try to stop.”
“Ah, right. Well…I’ll guess I’ll see you around, Tony. Remember, I’m always here if you need me.”
Steve finally had a day off the following Monday. They were letting the concrete dry, so there wasn’t really anything that they could do. Since Steve had some free time, he decided to work on some art projects that he had been assigned the last time he had been to art class. He sat down at his kitchen table, a fruit bowl set in front of him. They were supposed to paint a still life. Steve slid his pencil over the page, trying to copy exactly what he saw before him. He grimaced when the outline of the bowl was complete. It looked…awful. Like he had started off being really concentrated on what he was doing, but had started to daydream halfway through. He grimaced and tossed the paper into the bin.
Did they not pay attention to anything that he had just said? He spent the last fifteen minutes going over his predicament.
“I wouldn’t have mentioned it if I wasn’t. I’ll be there around four - does that work?”
Tony nodded. “See? What that so hard? And now I feel better.”
After that…incident, Steve had to get some fresh air. He didn’t know much about time travel, but he was sure that having Scott coming back as various different ages was not what should have happened. He leaned against the column of the building and stared out into the grass field in front of him. If they couldn’t get time traveling sorted out…then all of this would be for nothing. They would be right back where they started.
“I know,” Tony replied, gaze on the table.
Steve nodded and bit his lip. “How about now?”
Steve walked to the front door of the apartment with Tony trailing him. They didn’t say anything, each content in their own thoughts. Steve paused by the front door and looked at him.
He looked at his phone, waiting for those little bubbles that showed someone was typing to appear. They didn’t. When five minutes passed, Steve sighed and pocketed his phone. He picked up his sketchbook again and turned to a new page. His pencil slid across the page, going this way and that. Steve stuck out his tongue a bit as he shaded in part of his drawing. Well, he supposed it was more of a doodle than anything – he was just drawing what was in the room that he was sitting in.
Here's the next chapter!
Steve didn’t want this conversation to continue, but he knew that if he deflected Tony’s statement, Tony would just keep pestering him until he spilled the beans.
The feeling of Tony’s lips on his own made the harsh lines of Steve’s face soften. He shifted forward, closing the distance between him and Tony so their chests were touching. Tony’s mouth twitched against his own; his hand cupped Steve’s cheek, his gently caressed Steve’s cheekbone. Steve let out a small sound of approval. His hand slid around the back of Tony’s neck and so his fingers threaded through Tony’s hair.
“Well, I know that I am. I was too late-”
He held it as Steve slid his arm through the shield’s straps. It was lighter than his old one, but...besides that, it felt the same. Better, actually. He couldn’t quite put his finger on why.
“Everyone is their own worst critic.” He saw Tony's feet shuffle closer to his. Their toes were almost touching; just a few inches apart. "I promise to tell you what I think about them – I won’t lie.”
For the next week, everything was pretty much the same. Steve arrived at the site early in the morning and took a group of people with him to search through a new section of the debris. Once they cleared a section, the construction workers would go to that area and start removing the debris. It was a slow process, but Steve could finally see the grass in some areas. Slowly, they were making a difference.
The blonde furrowed his eyebrows. What did he mean by that? Of course it was surprising. Steve didn't think that they would ever get divorced. But, here Tony was, insinuating that Steve somehow knew that this would happen.
“Well, if you change your mind, I’ll listen.”
“And? What did you think?”
“I can get it.”
Feel free to leave kudos or a comment.
Steve’s cheeks grew warm. “Thanks, Tony. I appreciate it.” He rubbed the back of his neck. “When are you getting discharged?”
Knowing that didn’t make Steve feel any better though. He still had woken Tony. Made a scene. Sure, no one except Tony had seen the scene, but that didn’t matter. It still happened. He bit his lip and glanced at the mattress. His hand curled into a fist. He was the leader, the Captain, of the Avengers. He was supposed to be strong and here he was, having nightmares. Being weak.
He put the shield in the case that Tony gaze him. He zipped it up before he took Tony’s bag out of the trunk and followed him into the facility. He stared at Tony’s back. He was here. He had come back. Yeah, it was only because he had figured out time travel, but he had come back. Finally, Tony was home.
“I told you that nothing was the matter,” he replied, back to him. He placed some bacon onto a plate and brought it back to the island.
Tony let out a soft laugh. “Well. That would be a good reason to lie, but I’m not lying to you, Steve.”
“I’m joking, Steve. It’s nice to see you, pal.” He squeezed his shoulder gently.
“Took you long enough,” he teased. His gaze slid down Steve’s outfit before sliding back up. “Seems like you took some dressing lessons from me?”
I hope that you enjoyed the first chapter; here's the next one!!
“S-sorry.”
“How long have I been out for?”
Steve winced. He glanced down at his lap; he couldn't look at Tony - he couldn't bear to see the hurt on his face.
Steve couldn’t scold him for what he did…after all, that was part of the job. But that didn’t mean that he liked what Tony had done, or had been about to do. He sighed deeply.
"Since you're busy I can come back another time to talk about it -," Steve said, worried that he had overstepped. He should have just told him that he had finished it when all of the Avengers and them ate dinner together.
Steve stared at him for a moment, unsure why Tony was mentioning this. He rubbed the back of his neck.
(See the end of the chapter for
The question took Steve by surprise. So surprised that he almost walked into a low hanging branch. Tony had to grab his wrist to stop him from moving. Pausing at the sudden feeling on his skin, Steve glanced at the spot where Tony’s hand was. He blushed and pulled his hand away.
Steve nodded. “I can’t believe that I never read this before.”
, Steve Rogers. It wasn’t that he hated the questions about Captain America; Captain America was one of the best things that had happened to him. But people seemed to just see him as that and forgot that there was a person who was separate from that title. That he was more than just the shield. That he was interested in more than just being a superhero.
“What, drink coffee?” Steve offered.
“That doesn’t sound very reassuring.”
“I ordered some calamari along with some salads. Apparently their calamari are supposed to be the best in town.”
Before Steve could respond, the waitress came over with their food. Steve pivoted in his seat so he was facing the table now. Bucky tilted his head at him, as if asking him what was going on. Steve just shook his head and looked down at the table. Hopefully the conversation that he had with Tony was now over.
“I know it did,” Steve said, voice soft. “I didn’t mean for that to happen the way it did…I didn’t mean to make any of this happen.”
He knew that Bucky meant well, but this was ridiculous. Didn’t he hear anything that he had just said? Tony had a family. He was happy. He wasn’t going to come around. Even if he somehow magically did, Steve would never be able to forgive himself.
“You could say that.”
Steve frowned at him; there was so much to try to sort through. Apparently Tony had been more focused on him than Pepper. Leaving him that day at the coffee shop made him feel worse rather than better. He and Pepper tried marriage counseling but it didn't work because Tony wasn't in love with her anymore. All of these things were important, but all he could focus on was how if he had never said anything, maybe Tony would've put more effort into his relationship. Maybe Tony would still be with Pepper.
Steve nodded and watched Tony, wondering if he was going to say anything else. When he didn’t, Steve pointed to the doors behind him.
At that moment, Steve realized just how close Tony was to him. The blonde didn’t let him finish; he closed the distance between them. His stomach fluttered. He stepped closer to him and cupped his cheek, gently guiding him closer to him. Steve's eyes fluttered shut; everything around them disappeared, became background noise.  All that mattered to him was the man in front of him and how that restless feeling that he had been feeling over the last months had finally disappeared, like he no longer was searching for what was missing from his life.
His texts must have really not reassured Natasha though, because one day when he had just gotten home from work and was about to make a sandwich, there was a knock on his door. For a split second, Steve hoped that it was Tony. Why he would visit him, he wasn’t sure, but still Steve thought it might be him. Steve wiped his hands on the towel next to his cutting board and padded over to the door. He opened it; Bucky stood on the other side of the threshold; a smirk on his face.
“But it was your building.”
Tony glanced towards him.
Which he didn’t really understand. They were all pursuing law so the readings that they had to do should interest them.
“Aren’t you normally running at this time?”
“No…what did you mean?”
“Maybe she’s more of a Captain America fan.”
Tony shrugged. “Well, they are nightmares. I don’t particularly like to dwell on them.”
Steve sucked in a breath. “Really?” He didn’t know why it was so hard to believe him. Tony would be honest with him either way. It wouldn’t be like Tony to say that he liked it when he really didn’t, regardless of how long Steve had worked on the project.
“Dinner?”
“Could’ve fooled me,” Tony muttered. He tore off a piece of bread and popped it into his mouth.
“Only took an age,” Tony teased.
“Sometimes,” Steve said, his voice a bit softer than before.
Steve bit his lip. “What do you think?”
“It’s okay, Tony. You were healing. I understood.”
He read the text again and frowned; what on earth did they need to talk about? He thought everything had been pretty clear when they had that conversation six months ago at the coffee shop. He bit his lip and texted the brunette back.
“Of course, how could I forget?”
“…And I would like to introduce our two guests tonight, Tony Stark and Steve Rogers.”
Here's the next chapter!
Steve stomach churned; his gaze shifted back to Tony. He noticed how the corners of Tony’s mouth were turned downwards. Oh. Tony was…upset. He hadn’t meant for him to get upset. Guess he had been too caught up in his own thoughts to see how his actions were affecting the other. He frowned at Tony.
The night went quickly, much to Steve's surprise. Steve had thought that with all of the speeches and food courses, it would’ve dragged on, but it didn’t; each speech was somehow the perfect length and the food courses seemed to appear within minutes after they had finished with the previous course. The conversation at the table wasn’t horrible, either. It seemed to flow smoothly and everyone was included in it. Steve even talked more than he thought he would. When he had finished his dessert, though, he didn't feel the need to stay. Tony and Pepper were talking to each other near the table and only a few people remained at the table.
is not the time for that, Buck," Natasha said sternly. "Steve, you won’t. You’re a good friend to him, Steve, and you’re going to go there to support him, just like you have before.”
Bucky nearly jumped out of his chair; he slammed the book shut and looked at Steve.
He frowned. "Not at the moment, no.”
Thirty minutes later, Steve found himself in front of a quaint pizza place that Tony had shown him during one of his first weekends as an Avenger. He had been starving after his workout – he had done a longer one that day – and Tony had suggested that they grab a bite to eat since he was hungry, too. He had taken him to this pizza place, claiming that it was the best pizza he’d ever had. Steve had thought that he was bluffing, but he had been right. That was one of the best meals he’d ever had.
“Slow and steady wins the race.”
His legs were burning, but Steve forced himself to run faster. He had to get there. He refused to let Tony go at this alone. Allow him to face Thanos alone. Last time they weren’t together…he wouldn’t let them be apart now. No, not after everything.
So, instead of heading there, Steve decided to spend a lot of time at the gym. It helped him get his mind off of his current situation. Not that it was
Just as Steve had expected, the ‘get-together’ was a party. There was music, drinking, and dancing. Dancing. Steve shuddered at the thought. The only positive, he supposed was, that there weren’t as many people at the party that he had thought that there would be. And even though there was music, it wasn’t obscenely loud. He could actually talk to people without having to scream over the music.
Her name washed over Steve like a bucket of ice water. Right. Pepper. He nearly slapped himself; how could he forget about her? Just because Tony was here didn’t mean that she was gone; it didn’t mean that Tony didn’t find her important…that he didn’t love her. Tony was just here because he wanted Steve to draw a portrait of him because he thought it’d be neat to have. Not anything more. And Steve certainly respected Pepper enough to to not do anything that would come between her and Tony. Steve took a step back and nodded.
“We’re unable to pick our own partners?”
“And?”
“I’m glad that she got to you when she did.”
A familiar roar.
"I don't think you are," Steve says mildly, a little concerned that Tony immediately went there with this conversation. "But--"
The girl cocks her head. "You've seen him after an engineering binge?"
And the talk slows.
"Hey, guys--that's Steve Rogers!" he shouts, and Steve smiles, all innocent aw shucks and the kid
But they'd been broken for a long time, before he walked away.
"You knew?" Tony says, almost
"Why are you doing this?" Rhodey asks. He flicks through the file slowly, but it's too dense and Tony's notes are covering almost
"I have one last secret," he says and Steve tenses because he
, not really. Rhodey would never let him be, Peter, the other New Avengers--they all came close, claimed him as their own, made him family when he wanted to isolate himself.
"It won't pass," Sam says, a hollow kind of desperation in his voice.
“Dad worried about the deal with Viviastone?” Tony asks, his smile sharp and angry and Maria has the good grace to look a little bit ashamed.
“Peggy’s always been cruel when she’s hurt,” Bucky mutters, curled around Rhodey in their big bed. “And her godson seduced Steve--she’ll never forgive that.”
Rhodey huffs, and comes into the room, his braces whirring, his tread steady and just a bit slower than Tony remembers from too many mornings of being dragged from his bed by his brother.
Rhodes looks back at him for a long moment, before he looks out the window. He doesn’t answer the question.
me. And even you--this is going to be impossible, if we tell people. It works if everyone believes it. If the entire world believes I broke the Avengers, and the only way to make the entire world believe that is if I actually do."
Come and spit and tears smear on Tony's face, a pretty mess and Steve hums as he fucks him. "My sweet pretty thing."
"You like it," Tony says.
They spent two years together, the best two years of his life, when Tony lived in Peggy's kitchen more often then he didn't, when he spent his nights curled up in Steve's bed and his mornings teasing Bucky about his bedhead and tinkering with the arm he'd designed.
He’d woken up in Rhodey’s bed, bundled in his dirty clothes and soft blankets and Rhodey cussing up a storm in the ensuite and that was that. Tony made sure that Rhodey never felt the consequences of protecting him, and Rhodey made sure that Tony was
Tony ruins one pretty debutant.
He wants to be the one who gets to hold him and cajole him back. But that's not his right anymore.
. “You’re breaking the Avengers,” Steve says, voice a rough accusation.
“I’ll fall,” he says, the fear bright and bitter in his throat.
Rhodey flicks an eyebrow up and says, evenly, “I was willing to believe that--but then he kept talking about how he’s talked to Howard. Wanna explain that?”
"Wake up," Rhodey says and his voice is sharp, sharper than Tony is used to. He sits up and takes the coffee Rhodey's carrying. It's too sweet but he's been stealing Rhodey's coffee long enough he doesn't do much beyond a small grimace.
“You left them in my coat.”
He sobs, after, collapses into Steve’s arms and cries, all fitful and guilty, and mumbled apologies smeared against Steve’s throat.
"I'll go," Rhodey says, and Steve watches as the older man follows Tony from the room.
When the Mandarin and AIM blew his life to pieces, sent his house tumbling into the ocean, and Happy into the hospital and he was dead again--no one came looking.
He pressed and pressed, and he pressed against glass, and every single time Steve smiled at him and didn't speak, every time they fucked and didn't talk, every time Natasha stopped talking when Tony entered the room--it all shattered hairline fractures in glass that he could see, because he was pressed against it desperate to get on the other side.
The ring on a chain with Steve’s dog tags, hanging around Tony’s neck.
And he smiles.
Super Human Registration Act.
Her expression crunches, something ugly that reminds him of the first time she came to the dorm, when she swept in almost an hour after Steve arrived, and found Tony sprawled asleep in Steve’s lap. Rhodey and Steve had been talking quietly, and Steve had smiled at Peggy, friendly and pleased and she’d dropped a book, too loud, startling Tony awake.
The voice is friendly, almost lazy, and Steve sighs a little. The gun prods his back, and a hand plucks his wallet from his back pocket. “Just--let’s be real easy about this, alright? I need the keys and your ID for a few hours. You don’t make a fuss and Boss’ll make it worth your while.”
He wonders sometimes if that’s because of Peggy, because of the marriage that Tony hated.
“Anthony,” she snaps, a bite of reprimand and he rolls his eyes.
"He's kinda dumb, though," she counters and Steve chokes on his muffin.
lunges the few feet that separates them, and Howard jerks, too late--
--doesn’t kiss Tony and nod, and put the world’s problems aside. It makes something twinge, cold and scared, in his belly.
He looks at the knight, crouched protectively around the princess, and he sees the flicker of a black gown, the flash of scarlet, before he falls, throat opened and pumping out his lifeblood.
and I’m damn tired of you acting like being here is an imposition. You wanna go, fine, we’ll help you how we can--but quit acting like it’s us chasing you away.”
But they don't make sense, strung together.
Bucky laughs, and it’s wet and wounded and hurts.
"You answered the questions," Rhodey says, sharply and Tony falls silent because he hates that tone in Rhodey's voice. "But you didn't tell me shit. You
A child's giggle sounds, when Steve backs him into the workshop table, and Tony jerks back, his heart pounding.
. He expected it, really, but the way that hostility bubbles up as he steps into the room makes him want to falter, want to turn and wait.
“Wouldn’t be the first time you got busy with an audience,” Bucky says, lazily, head on Rhodey’s shoulder as they drive. There’s a beat of silence.
Tony’s laughing when he hits the table, and groaning when Steve rips his shorts, filthy and wet now, down his long legs. He screaming when Steve fits his cock to his tight hole and pushes in, too big and too fast,
Bucky touches his jaw, kisses him, a deep hungry thing that’s so softly adoring it makes Rhodey keen, arching up against the warm line of him.
Tony thinks he is.
“He doesn’t,” Tony says, and there isn’t any surprise in his voice, or embarrassment. Just sticky contentment that makes Rhodey smile. “I’m just the kid he helped raise.”
Because Rogers might be a shattered hollow shell, might be a rabid dog--but there was a leash, and Tony Stark held it.
“Welcome back to the United States,” he says.
"Of course he is. You think so too," Tony says, exasperated. He strips off his shirt that Clint had spilled wine on and says. "Stane is just playing possum."
It's surreal and intoxicating and he wants to drown in it, in the scent of Steve and the taste of him, of the wet pressure of his mouth moving lazily against Tony's and--
Steve looked up at him, probably looking at him for a touch too long. He didn’t mean to – it just happened.
Steve turned towards the bar again and leaned over his drink. He fished his phone out of his pockets; no new messages. Steve stared at the screen; maybe that was a good thing. Maybe it meant that Tony was at the event. At least he hoped that he was. He downed the rest of his drink and ordered another one.
“And then I can leave? You won’t force me to stay for longer?”
“A good kisser, too,” he said.
“Why do you do that?” Tony asked eventually, once he had eaten most of his burger.
“Yeah, yeah, I know.” Tony dropped his hands from his eyes and looked at him. “I just didn’t want to hear something like that.”
"No, that's fine. I'll sit at the table."
“I can’t believe you came,” Steve said.
They began to talk about the book, sharing their opinions and ideas about the characters and the plot. Sometimes they would get off topic, but Steve didn’t care. It was nice to do something with Tony that wasn’t just fighting bad guys or talking about how he was so behind in technology and pop culture (which Tony found to be a great offense). To find something that they both liked.
Steve couldn’t help but smile at Tony saying his name. Over the years, Tony had only called him by it a handful of times. He let his hand fall from his shoulder and turned towards the door. He smiled at Pepper and Morgan before leaving the room, allowing them to spend time together. He wished that his conversation hadn’t gotten cut short, but he knew that Tony had to spend time with his family. After all, they were his family. Sighing, he made his way back to his own room. Although the nurse said that he was free to roam about now, she still wanted him to spend at least one more night here. He walked into his room, finding it empty. Steve wasn’t sure if he should be thankful for that or not. He got back into bed, carefully lying back down. His body screamed in pain as it settled into the mattress. He made a note to ask the nurse about medication when she made her rounds.
Steve had just turned on the tea kettle when he heard footsteps coming from the entrance of the kitchen. He glanced over his shoulder.
Tony glanced at him, startled.
“I wouldn’t say that.”
“I’ll swing by, then.”
idea yet he was late? He knew that Tony cared, but to be late for the event that
“Come on, Steve. You could have fun. Or at least more fun than just sitting around and watching some tv show that you can watch later.”
“I haven’t used it lately,” Steve muttered.
“When can I leave?”
Three days after they agreed to take a chance on each other, an idea for a date came to Steve. A while back, he visited an art gallery. He liked it so much that he went back to it. During that visit to the art gallery, the owner had asked him if he just liked looking at art or if he was interested in creating some of his own. Steve had told her that he enjoyed drawing and was taking an art class. She expressed interest in seeing Steve’s art, so he came back later that day with some of his art pieces; he was nervous about showing her, but he didn't know if he'd have that opportunity again. Luckily, she liked the art. A lot. She liked it so much that she offered to display his artwork at the gallery for a few weeks. Steve said no at the time – the idea of a lot of people viewing his art still made him nervous. Now though, after being chosen to pick out his and Tony's first date...well, perhaps he’d just have to change his mind. Steve took out his phone and dialed the owner’s number, hoping that her offer was still standing.
“I can’t believe we won,” Tony murmured.
“Of course; we wouldn’t have missed it,” Natasha replied.
“Coming!” he yelled.
“Steve?” Tony asked.
“It’s been okay. Professors seem to be assigning a ton of readings…but they’re not too bad.”
Steve knew that he should just accept the apology, but he didn’t understand why Tony was apologizing. He wasn’t upset that Tony didn’t contact him for a bit after the battle. He knew that Tony was healing. Sure, he didn’t like it at the time…but they eventually talked again. That’s all that mattered to him.
Steve bit his lip. “And Tony-?”
Tony nodded and stretched.
“Did you know that he was coming?” Steve asked Natasha.
“Why do you have to be so pragmatic?”
He ran over to where Tony was battling Thanos.
“No, it’s not like that…” Steve said softly. He kept his gaze on the table.
he could be blamed for this. But…maybe Tony was right. He could’ve just said nothing; he could’ve made an excuse, told him that he had an emergency or something. He hadn’t needed to be honest with him. Yet, he had been. He had thought that had been honoring his promise to Tony, but maybe…he had been secretly hoping that something like this would happen. But that didn’t mean that he actually
Steve been frowning a lot? Steve must have seemed confused because Tony held up his hands. “It was a joke, Steve. I’m glad that you had a good time.”
“You’re staying, Steve,” Bucky said, as if he knew exactly what Steve was thinking.
[7. See you then. –Stark]
“Bucky, I told you, I need to study for -,” Steve said.
“Steve…it’s just a walk…you walk every day.”
Steve shut his book and bounded out of his bedroom. He practically ran to Tony’s lab, hoping that he’d be there. Sure enough, Tony was standing near his table which had a holograph suspended above it. Steve placed his hand on the scanner outside of the door; the door unlocked. He walked in and held the book in the air.
“So how have things been?” Steve asked, tucking his hands into his pockets.
When it was two months since he had left Tony in the coffee shop, Steve thought that maybe he'd contact Tony because he felt ready. He took out his phone and typed out a message. He stared at it for a few moments before sighing and deleting the message. No, he wasn't ready to see him again. If he saw him, he knew that he'd just want to be with him again. He thought that he was probably being paranoid, but he also didn’t want to meet up with Tony just to have to tell him that he couldn’t be around him again. It was best just to stay away. Not that he wanted to. He wanted to see Tony again and talk to him again. Ask him how he was. He just be
“Steve…what is it? Did I say something wrong?”
Tony laughed and moved into the room, taking a seat on his bed.
I apologize for any typos or grammatical errors.
When Tony returned, it seemed like the Avengers never split apart. That Tony and Steve had never been apart. Well. It almost seemed that way. Tony didn’t seem to initiate conversations except for when they were planning their mission, which was called “Time Heist”. Steve hated the fact that they weren’t talking like they used to. They used to seek each other out to talk, but now…it seemed like Tony was just avoiding him. Steve wanted to talk to him about his past behavior and apologize for what had happened seven years ago, but he never was able to find the time.
“No, it’s definitely worth reading. When you’re finished with that though, I have a list of other books that you should read.”
The blonde quickly thought about the plans he had tomorrow; he couldn’t think of any. He had taken the day off from the site to work on his art.
“You? A terrible host?” Tony waved his hand. “Definitely not.”
“And you’re watching a cooking show.”
One moment, the battle was going well. They were winning; Thanos’ armies were retreating and they had the gauntlet. The next moment, Thanos and Tony were in the middle of the field, battling each other for the gauntlet. At least, that’s what Steve thought he saw – his vision was fuzzy after being knocked out.
“That’s great, Tony,” Steve said, but he couldn't stop his gaze from falling to the floor. The corners of his mouth twitched downwards. He willed his mouth to shift shape, but it refused.
Feel free to let me know if there are any typos or grammatical errors. I did edit this chapter, but a few might've slipped through.
“I just haven’t been looking,” Steve mumbled.
(See the end of the chapter for
save the universe.”
The waitress handed Steve his dish; Steve thanked her before digging in. While he ate, Tony and his conversation kept replaying in his mind. There was no way that Tony was going to let this conversation just go. Yes, he had said that whatever Steve said was okay, but he knew that Tony would want a better explanation. When Steve was finished with his meal, he tossed the money that he owed down on the table and excused himself. He didn’t bother to wait around for the others’ permission to leave. He just bolted out of the restaurant and made his way home, away from the restaurant. And the conversation he just had.
“Er…sure, yeah. We can take a walk.”
“Are you sure?”
Tony didn’t say anything. Silence fell over the room. Steve thought that maybe it would go away within a few seconds, but it didn’t. Steve drummed his fingers along the table, trying to distract himself from the lack of noise. He wanted to say something else, but he figured that it was best to…let Tony be for a bit. So, he sat there, drumming his fingers along the table, hoping that he hadn’t said something disastrous.
After Sam stopped by, Steve kind of had a better idea of what he wanted to do next. The plan wasn’t concrete, but it was something. A bit after Nat and Bucky left, Steve changed into clothes that Natasha had brought with her and made his way down the hallway. When he saw that Tony’s door was open, he poked his head in. Tony was sitting up in bed, a book in hand. Steve knocked on the door; Tony’s head lifted from the book.
The next day, when Steve was in his bedroom sketching a picture of the Iron Man mask, Tony knocked on his door before coming in.
The waitress arrived at their table, a glass of water in each hand. She placed one in front of each of them. She introduced herself and asked them if they were ready to order. Steve shook his head; Tony put an order of garlic bread in that they could split and told her that they’d need a few more minutes before they ordered their meal. She nodded and padded away from their table.
Thank you so much for reading this chapter!
him for this. Sure, he had told him about how he felt, but he left so Tony could continue on with his life. So that he could stay with Pepper and Morgan.
Steve sighed. “You know what I mean.”
“She didn’t buy that.”
“You could be an artist, Steve...like...a professional artist,” he said, looking down at Steve.
“Do you really have to ask that?”
Steve glanced up at him.  “No.”
Tony stared at him for a long moment, his gaze searching Steve’s face. The tears that Steve had been blinking back rolled down his cheeks. He brushed them off of his face with the back of his hand.
Here's the next chapter! Hope you like it.
Well…he did have a point. Slowly, his gaze rose to meet Tony’s.
“Whatever beer you have would be fine.”
“Yeah, everything’s fine. Just…got lost in my thoughts for a moment.”
“Of course you do,” Bucky teased.
Steve paused, unable to shake the sight before him. His breath caught in his throat.
“I’m going to go back home…to Pepper and Morgan.”
Bucky didn’t say anything for several minutes. Maybe it was longer than that; Steve wasn’t sure. All he knew was that it seemed like ages had passed since he spoke and Bucky had still not said anything. Steve shook his head and moved towards his half-made dinner.
Oh…well, that question was surprisingly simple. Steve had thought that Tony would ask him a much more serious question than that.
Steve started to pace again. Tony could totally reject him, tell him that he was lying. Tony didn’t reply – he just stared at Steve.
I can't believe that it's finally here! The last chapter.
“Sorry I’m late,” he said, taking a seat. “Traffic was bad. I hope that you hadn’t been waiting for too long.”
“And, you are?”
“Me neither.”
Tony smirked. “Did you really think that I wouldn’t stop by at all while all of this was happening? Give me some credit, Rogers.”
“Excuse me?” Steve said, his cheeks burning.
want to be around you.”
“No, not at all,” Steve replied, voice tense.
A silver car was waiting for him right outside of his apartment – he had called one before he got in the shower. He got in and told the driver the address of the function.
“If he’s not here when I wake-”
Tony cocked his head to the side and glanced at the stack of pancakes that was behind Steve.
with him. The corners of his mouth twitched.
“That works.”
Steve imagined Tony in his lab, tinkering away at whatever he was building. His hair was probably sticking out in every direction and he probably had a coffee mug in hand or close to him. That’s usually how he was when he had seen Tony in his lab before. He smiled softly at the image.
“You wish,” Steve mumbled.
The art class passed slowly because Steve kept thinking about whether or not Tony had texted him. He could just check his phone in class, but he didn’t want to do that. The teacher had said during the first day of class that it was against the rules. Huffing, Steve focused back on what the teacher was saying, the eraser of his pencil bouncing off of his sketchbook.
A few minutes later, his feet pounded against the sidewalk; the sound was comforting. It was something cement, solid. Something that kept his thoughts from wandering too far. He sucked in a breath as he turned the corner, moving towards a small park. At this time of day, the park was full of kids and families. Steve stuck to the path that cut through the middle so that way they didn’t have to worry about him accidentally crashing into them. Which, wouldn’t happen, nor did Steve ever do something like that. That’s what he liked to tell himself, anyways. One time, when he was just out of the ice, he didn’t realize how busy these parks could get, and this man seemed to come out of nowhere and he almost ran into him. The guy yelled at him for almost running into him. Steve had apologized to the guy, but he hadn’t seemed to care.
“Morning, Tony,” Steve said, smiling sheepishly at him.
“You know what I mean, Tony,” Steve retorted.
“Really?”
“Well…help yourself,” Steve said, gesturing to the island.
“Did you hear what she said, though? It’s going to be difficult…we need to prepare for it.”
What a lame excuse, Rogers.
“I’m not lost, I was just looking around.”
“Just tolerable?” He rolled his eyes. “I bet by the end of our walk, you’ll find it not just tolerable, but enjoyable.”
“Buck-,” Steve said.
Steve sighed as he finished up tying his bowtie. He straightened it before shrugging on a black suit jacket. Glancing in the mirror, he took himself in. His hair was longer than he usually wore it; it came to about his ears. Some errant curls peeked out from under his ears. He knew that he should get it cut, but…well, he liked wearing his hair a bit longer. His gaze roamed over the rest of himself: the white button-down shirt, navy bowtie, black suit jacket and black trousers. He honestly didn’t think he looked too bad. Nodding to himself, he walked out of his bedroom and out of his apartment.
“I know, Steve. I appreciate it…and thank you. For helping me. For getting there in time.”
“That was nice of them.”
Tony rolled his eyes. “You try to use it every chance you get.”
Tony’s eyebrows furrowed.
Thankfully, Steve didn’t have to give his speech right away. Happy told him that they’d let their guests find mingle for a few minutes before Steve stepped up the podium. That was surprising to Steve since that wasn’t originally how they had planned the event, but he wasn’t complaining. Since he had more time, Steve walked around the room, talking to some of the people who had helped plan the rebuilding of the Avengers facility. The conversations were brief, but the tension in his shoulders seemed to melt a bit as he got to know the people that he would be addressing.
“What happened with your divorce with Pepper?” Another man asked; Steve glared at him. Did they not respect anyone's privacy? That was between Tony and Pepper; they had no right to know what happened between them. The man ducked his head. “Sorry, Cap,” he muttered.
Sorry for the delay in posting! Here's the next chapter. Hope you enjoy it!
“Thanks,” Steve replied. He let out a long breath; he had done it. He had given the speech without any incident, without tripping over his words.
Tony arrived several minutes after Steve thought that he would. Steve assumed that he would be late, but he didn’t think that he’d be this late. Not that Tony was actually that late. He got to Steve’s apartment fifteen minutes after 7.
They turned down a smaller street that was lined by trees. In the middle of the street, a building with large windows loomed. A red carpet led to the front door. On both sides of the doors, people with cameras stood. Steve sighed when he saw them. He had hoped that there wouldn’t be any paparazzi here. He glanced at Tony, who was still facing Steve; he raised an eyebrow at him, as if waiting for him to answer his question.
He rubbed the back of his neck. “Sorry…I didn’t mean to.”
“Why not? I made it for you.”
Tony glanced over at him and walked over.
“I do
Steve blushed a bit. He wasn’t really used to talking about art with other people. It was something he did just for fun. Or did it when he felt like he really needed to get out of his head a bit.
“Is this seat taken?”
“Oh.” Steve blinked. “Sure, but only if you don’t mind.”
“Yes…it was,” Steve said quietly.
Bucky glanced at the ceiling before looking back at him. “You’re a fool for realizing this when he’s married.”
The answer should’ve been simple; Steve should just go to the event because he told Tony that he would go to it. It
The story begins.
Even though I edited the chapter before posting it, I apologize for any typos or grammatical errors.
“A home, huh?” Tony asked, gaze flitting to Steve.
When the day came to tell Pepper, Steve paced around the living room, waiting to hear back from Tony. The brunette had told him that he’d call him once he was on his way back. Finally, Tony reported back. Thankfully, Pepper took it well, or as well as she could’ve taken it. She was disappointed that Tony was already moving on, but she was glad that being with Steve was making him happy. At least, that’s what Tony told Steve. He didn’t know if Tony had been sugarcoating what Pepper said or had actually telling him the truth. Either way, Pepper was fine with them being together and was okay with them announcing that they were a couple.
Steve shook his head. “No! Not surprised.”
“What’s the worst thing that can happen?” Nat asked.
Steve sighed; he looked back up at the man.
He closed the book and exhaled slowly. Well that was certainly an experience. And now he understood why Tony had made notes all over his copy of it. A small smile appeared on his face; there was something sweet, almost endearing, about Tony getting so invested in this book that he had to make marks all over it to express his thoughts.
Steve blushed. “Yes.”
Thank you for your continued support; it means a lot to me.
“And is supposed to be with me instead?” He laughed; this whole conversation seemed ridiculous. They were talking about something that most likely wasn’t going to happen. “You don’t need to try to give me hope, Buck.”
“Steve.” Steve felt a hand on his shoulder; he turned to face Tony, who was looking at him with that soft expression that seemed to be so fleeting after their battle with Thanos.
“It’s perfect.”
Tony shrugged. “Well, don’t stop talking.”
“N-no, I just…decided to wear this.”
Steve felt his cheeks get warm. He glanced down at his menu again, holding it up a bit so it covered most of his face. He felt Tony’s gaze on him, but he tried to ignore it. He perused the menu, trying to find something decent to eat. He found something that looked good within about a minute or two, but he kept his head buried in the menu until the waitress came back. Anything to keep himself from making a fool of himself in front of Tony.
Steve’s blush deepend; he glanced at his feet.
“Stop standing there and come over here.”
“Scout’s Honor,” Tony said, saluting Steve.
“Can I see him?”
“I apologize for my tardiness. I was trying to get here on time but picking out an outfit took longer than I thought it would,” Tony explained; the crowd broke into laughter. “Anyways, I am here now, so I suppose the event can finally commence. We are here today to officially begin a new era of the Avengers.” He dug the shovel into the ground and threw some dirt next to the incision he made in the ground. “I’m pleased to announce that the building of Avengers Headquarters has officially begun!”
“Sure.”
“I’m not in the mood to party right now.”
“And why’s that?”
“Well, I’m glad that you could make it.”
“I forgive you, Tony,” Steve said softly.
Steve stared at him. What was the wink for? Why did he have to wink after every little thing he said? It made it so difficult for Steve to have a conversation with him without looking like an idiot. At least, that’s the way that Steve felt.
“Talk about what?” Tony asked.
“You know, that’s exactly what I was thinking,” Steve said, smiling softly at him. “Actually…there’s something I want to show you.”
“It wasn’t intentional,” Steve mumbled.
The first time he went to class he was nervous; he couldn’t remember the last time he had drawn and when he had, that picture had been rubbish.
“It’s common knowledge. Ranking is important in law school.”
“Ah. And what were you thinking about, exactly?”
“Are you saying that I’m lying?”
“Right,” Bucky said.
Of course he was there. Sitting at a table in the middle of the restaurant, surrounded by some of his friends – Steve recognized most of them – was Tony. Slowly, Steve exhaled through his nose. He glanced behind him, at the door. Maybe he could slip out. No one would notice.
Thanks for your continued support!
Even though I edited this chapter, I apologize for any typos or grammatical errors that I didn't see.
He closed the door and walked down the hallway, into the living room. The floors glistened under the lights. The normally covered in textbooks coffee table was completely clear, save for a cup that had a pens, pencils, and highlighters in it.
“Yes.”
“Hey Steve,” Natasha said, entering the room. She smiled at him. “Nice to see you again.”
“I never knew that.”
For a moment, Steve was certain that he hadn’t heard him correctly. This couldn’t be Tony Stark. There was just no way. Surely Steve would’ve recognized him right away. Tony himself wasn’t that famous, but his father was. And because of that, Tony himself was a bit famous. At least for those who followed legal cases and such.
“But you’re hosting it.”
“I’ll be right there,” Steve replied. He turned back to the crowd. He didn't know if this would work, but he had to try. Besides, this is what the owner and him agreed to. No paparazzi inside. “The art gallery will not allow you to be inside since photography is not allowed. Now, you got your pictures. Please respect Tony’s privacy and my own, as well as those who want to visit the exhibit tonight. They do not want to be bombarded by flashes of a camera. If you try to get in, remember that there are security guards here.” He gestured to the security guards. “And if you somehow get past them, there are two Avengers inside.” He smirked at them. “I wish you all a good night.”
Guess so.
He had just finished brushing his teeth when there was a knock on the door. Steve’s eyes widened; was it that time already? Surely it couldn’t be. He glanced at his watch. Five o’clock exactly. Well, that was new – being on time typically wasn't something this person was known for. He supposed there was a first time for everything, though. Steve wiped his face with a towel before leaving his room. He ran a hand through his styled hair – he had swept it back a bit so it was out of his eyes- and walked to the front door. The person knocked again.
“Sleep.”
“What’s that?” Steve glanced at him.
Steve blushed crimson. He tried to come up with some sort of retort, but he couldn’t think of anything. Bucky smirked at him and left the living room, going into his own bedroom. He shut the door behind him. Sighing, Steve went back to his cleaning, wanting to make the place look spotless for Tony. A part of Steve thought that if he could impress Tony tonight, perhaps all of his worry about him not liking him later on would disappear.
Tony let out a laugh. “Of course I had to help. There was a chance of us reversing the Snap…bring everyone back. I couldn’t just stay on the sidelines.”
Luckily work picked up after that night. Steve wasn’t really needed at the site anymore, but Steve went regardless. It helped get his mind off of everything and he liked being able to help others. He was supposed to just supervise what was happening, but he tried to help people where he could; he’d hand them wood or nails or their water bottle if they had set it down far away from where they were working. Sometimes if a worker seemed really tired, Steve would take over for them. Anything to keep himself busy.
“Got some brain food,” Tony said, smirking at them. He placed it on the coffee table before taking a seat next to Steve. “And now the study session can begin.”
Steve shook his head. “It isn’t important.”
Tony sat down and took out his laptop. Once he was situated, he glanced at Steve.
“Whatever you say. You were the one who told me to guess…and I stand by what I said.”
“I haven’t been drawing that much,” Steve replied.
Steve turned around and smiled sheepishly at him. “Sorry – got lost in my thoughts.” He moved back to the kitchen island. “So…what am I supposed to do now? He’s married, Buck. He has a kid. I won’t do anything to disrupt that.” It pained him to say that, but he definitely wasn’t going to break that family apart. Tony was happy – that’s what mattered most to him.
“Yes, but about shallow things.”
Also, some clarification about a few things (that I haven't really touched upon):
An answer to the question that had been on his mind for weeks came one month after their talk. His text was the same as it had been that night– if Steve and him could talk. Steve, of course, said yes.
The comment took Steve so off guard that for a second, he thought that he hadn’t heard him correctly. All he had done was mention that he could frame the picture, but here Tony was, complimenting him for saying that? It didn’t make sense. Anyone would have offered that.
“I do talk to people.”
“I actually have to get going...I promised Morgan I’d be home in time for dinner.”
“Really? Not even dating anyone?”
He continued on like that, punching the bag over and over again. Finally, when his shirt was drenched with sweat, he walked over to a bench and sat down. He grabbed a towel from his gym bag and pressed it against his face, drying it off. He pursed his lips. His thoughts once again, went back to Tony. It had only been a week. He was probably just overreacting. Tony probably just wanted to spend some time with his family and rest. It probably had no reflection on the state of their friendship.
“How do you mean?”
Steve nodded. “I’ll text you my address after class.”
“Will you think about what I said?”
Tony stretched out his good arm and Steve shook his hand. A handshake didn’t seem right, but he knew it was best not to say anything.
hand, he thought that it was a very bad idea to go. He could make a fool out of himself, or worse, somehow make a fool out of Tony. How'd he do that, he wasn't sure, but things had a way of backfiring on him. Steve tried to tell himself that this wasn’t that big of a decision, that he should just go, but that didn’t stop him from ruminating over what he should do. Which is exactly why he decided to talk to Bucky and Natasha the night before the event.
One night, near the end of their first year, Bucky forced Steve to go out to a party. Bucky hadn’t said that it was a party – he said that it was a ‘get together’ – but Steve knew that that meant that it was a party. Steve wanted to study for finals, but that ‘wasn’t’ an option, apparently, because it was a Friday night.
“Thank you, Tony,” Steve said; tears stung his eyes.
“I’m fine to go now.”
"Well you do have a tendency to do that."
His lips pulled downwards. His stomach churned. Well, that just confirmed what he had already thought. But, there wasn't any point in talking about that. It was in the past and Steve had already moved past it, even if he was still a bit upset by it. His gaze flicked up to Tony.
From across the field, Tony’s gaze met Steve’s. Steve shook his head.
Tony peeled away from the wall and smirked. “Glad to hear that.” He glanced at the hostess who had just returned to her stand. “Table for two, please.”
Thank you for your continued support! Here's the next chapter.
Steve sighed. “Of course you do.”
“Am I interrupting something?”
Bucky ended up staying for dinner after that conversation. He said that all of that talking made him starving, especially since Steve was being so dramatic about all of it. Steve had told him that he wasn’t being dramatic at all, he was just expressing how he felt. The dinner didn’t last long, but it was nice. Steve had missed hanging out with Bucky; it made it feel like old times again. When he was walking towards the door, Bucky looked at Steve.
“I wasn’t staring,” Steve retorted.
Steve opened his mouth but then closed it. He pursed his lips and sat down next to the brunette, leaving a few feet between them.
“Are you kidding me? This is so much better than going to a board party. All of the talk about business would’ve been unbearable.” Tony shuddered.
“Just…thank you.”
Steve’s gaze flicked to the device before it shifted back to Tony. Of course he had figured it out. Of course he had. Tony thrived on these sorts of challenges – he loved proving that they weren’t impossible to solve. Steve grinned at Tony. He had actually done it.
“You should sit down…make yourself comfortable. You won’t be able to move for a while.”
“Onions and pineapple do not belong on a pizza together.”
“Is this the only Stark Industries event being held here?” Steve asked.
“It certainly isn’t.” Steve glanced at his hands. “You were about to sacrifice yourself.”
“You didn’t have to do that.”
“Steve?” Tony asked.
“Is this a date? Because you’re certainly acting like it’s one.”
The corners of Steve’s mouth turned downwards. Had he misread this entire situation? Maybe Tony hadn’t come here because he wanted to talk about that. He may have just come here because he wanted to talk to Steve.
bad, but he'd just focus on it if he had nothing better to do. He actually started to go the gym so much that the owner suggested that he work there; teach kickboxing or some class to some of the people that attended the gym. Steve had been flattered by the offer, but he turned it down. He told the owner that he’d keep the offer in mind though.
“I know, Steve. I was just joking.” He crossed one leg over the other and pivoted towards Steve. “But yes, I can make a list of books I can give you. I’m not sure if you’ll like all of them, but it’ll be interesting to hear your thoughts.”
A continuation of the scene from the previous chapter.
Steve and Tony sat so close that their thighs touched. Tony’s hand rested in Steve’s. Every so often, they’d turn to look at each other, which made Steve blush. He couldn't believe that tonight had actually happened; he couldn't believe that Tony liked his art. He thought that he would, but Tony's reaction was better than he could have imagined. The man said it was some of Steve's finest work. The car turned down the street of Tony’s new apartment.
“Then what is it? Do you not drink it anymore?”
“I understand. It’s been happening a lot to me, too, lately.”
close to him. He felt his finger accidentally brush against Tony's hand. Blushing, he glanced down at the brunette's hand, which was still between them. His hand twitched; he wanted to hold his hand, but he didn’t know if they wanted to make their relationship – or whatever this was – public yet. The papers would probably say that they were together because they went to this event together. Those would just be rumors though, unless they commented on the status of their relationship. He definitely wasn't ready to comment on their relationship. As they passed, various people in the crowd shouted at them.
He sat on the corner of the couch, a blue blanket draped over his legs, a paperback in his hands. When he decided to read in the living room, he was afraid that it would be busy, but thankfully it was empty. Steve didn’t mind living with the others, but he knew that he would never get to read if they were around. Just as he was about to turn the page, he heard a familiar voice.
It was a voice that Steve would always recognize, no matter how much time had passed. His gaze flicked in the direction of the voice. Tony was standing a few feet in front of him, hands tucked into his navy blue trousers. Steve smiled softly.
“Did I not make it clear that part of the reason why we got divorce was because I’m into you?”
Steve’s cheeks blossomed pink. He nodded and gestured for Tony to come in.
“Wait here,” Steve whispered.
Steve let out a groan.
“Not really.” It sounded awful to say out loud, but it was true. Without any missions…he wasn’t really doing much.
Steve wanted to ask, but he figured that it was better if he didn’t. Tony was here; that was all that mattered.
Tony raised an eyebrow. “Like what?”
“What?” Steve asked.
Tony grinned. “Excellent choice. I have to say, it’s one of my favorite dishes.” He handed him the carton.
Steve winced and stood up. He made his way to the opposite side of the table, across from Tony. He paced back and forth, not knowing what else to do; he couldn’t sit still and talk about this.
“In the flesh.”
“Ah, that.” Tony said; he picked up a flute of champagne off of the bar. “I did have a function to go to but that wasn’t as important as this.”
“That sounds tedious.”
After that little incident, if it could even be called that, Steve made sure that he was more mindful of his actions. He sat across the table from Tony and focused on the conversation, not on what happened earlier. Not on how he almost caused something disastrous to happen. He took a sip of his water and watched Tony as he described how Morgan did her first cartwheel the other day, seemingly oblivious to what had transpired earlier. He seemed so happy, so at ease, in a way that he hadn’t seen before. He had been happy before he got married, sure…but now he seemed truly happy. Something that he had always wanted for Tony. His lips pressed into a thin line. No, he definitely could not let what happened earlier happen again. He was Tony’s friend; he’d act like it. Even if it made his heart break to do so.
“Of course. Me neither.”
They worked on their project for about another hour or so before they decided to call it quits. The project wasn’t due for a while, so they figured that they could finish it up at another time. And, after that conversation, it had been kind of difficult for Steve to focus, so when he got done what he had planned to get done, he suggested to Tony that it was time to call it a night.
“That’s what I wanted to talk to you about, actually…I was wondering if I could help rebuild the Avengers facility.”
“It was good music.”
Morgan grinned up at him and hugged him. “Thank you.”
“We don’t have time for this. I have to do this-”
Groups of people mingled in the lobby; waiters with white button down shirts and black ties walked around the room with trays of champagne flutes. Some people who were standing along the edge of the room made their way up the staircase in the back of the lobby, which Steve assumed led to the room in which the event would take place. A waitress walked over to Steve and offered him champagne, but Steve declined. He’d probably have some later; first, he wanted to find Tony and congratulate him on his big night, just like Tony had when Steve was hosting the Avengers event.
Rhodey entered the room and nodded towards Steve. He shook Steve’s hand before sitting down on the opposite couch, next to Natasha. Steve’s eyebrows furrowed when Tony didn’t enter the room after Rhodey.
The car pulled in front of a tan building that had stairs leading up to it. Steve glanced at his watch; he was five minutes late. Well, at least that was something. Better than ten minutes late.
“Exactly why I should be apologizing- I woke you up.”
That was pretty much what Steve was expecting him to say, but hearing it still surprised him. He sucked in a breath before exhaling slowly.
I hope that you liked this chapter! Feel free to leave kudos or a comment if you want.
He took out his phone to take a picture of the drawing; he sent it to Tony.
Feel free to leave kudos or a comment.
Tony closed his laptop. He propped one of his elbows on the table and rested his chin on it.
Thank you for reading!
The fact that Tony Stark called him ‘darling’ did not go missed by Steve. The word bounced around his head; his cheeks grew warm. Leave it to Tony to make him blush from just one word. This wasn’t the first time that Steve had been called darling, but for some reason, it felt different this time. Like the name weighed more, meant more. Which was utterly ridiculous. Steve watched him for a few moments, lost in his thoughts. When he realized that he had been staring at Tony for a bit too long, he cleared his throat.
“Yes, you do.”
Tony had tried to talk to Steve, but Steve would try to bury himself in his phone or pretend that he was busy doing homework to avoid talking to him. Anything to get Tony to stop talking to him. But no matter what he did, the man still seemed to be interested in him.
A car was waiting for him (courtesy of Happy and Stark Industries) when he arrived outside. He thanked the chauffer as he got into the car. His heart rate picked up as they pulled away from the curb. His palms began to sweat. This was it, the big event. If he didn’t do a good job hosting tonight, this whole night would be for nothing. He opened up the window, trying to get some fresh air. Slowly, he inhaled and exhaled. He could do this. He was just hosting a bit of the event. Surely he could handle that. Thinking that he could do handle it but actually doing it were two different things though. This was more of Tony’s thing. Not Steve’s. When Tony had hosted functions in the past, he had always been able to get the crowd excited and get them to care about what the function was about. Steve wasn’t quite sure that he’d be able to do that. Years ago, when he was acting on stage as ‘Captain America’ during World War II, people would throw tomatoes at him. Hopefully the people going to the gala would be easier to win over then a bunch of tired homesick soldiers.
Find a date? Sure he could. That wasn’t the problem. The problem was…well, finding the right partner.
Steve knew that he was probably allowed to go on dates since Tony and him weren’t together, but he couldn’t bring himself to go on any. Not when he knew that it was only a matter of time before Tony hopefully contacted him. So, Steve waited. And waited. And waited. By the third week without hearing from Tony about their potential relationship, Steve started to worry that Tony actually didn’t want a relationship with him. That the kiss was something that seemed like a good idea in the moment, but Tony hadn't actually liked it. Steve knew that he could ask him about if he had made a decision, but Steve didn’t want to rush Tony – he knew that it may take him a while for him to come around. Instead of asking him about that, Steve asked him about other things – books that he was reading, about the Avengers, and what he had been doing. Anything that he could think of, really.
“What?”
“I’m sure that it will be tolerable,” Steve said, refusing to inflate Tony’s ego even more.
“You never let me finish speaking,” Steve murmured.
Tony looked at the drink before looking back at Steve. “You remembered it.”
Steve couldn't return the smile. He wanted to, but he couldn't. This wasn't the way it was supposed to go. He wanted to kick himself for feeling this way. All he wanted was to kiss Tony again, to forget the way he was feeling. But, he couldn't do that. Not when the beginning of their conversation kept replaying in his mind. Not after Tony took out how he was feeling on him. He wasn't mad at Tony - he forgave him for what he did, but he couldn't start a relationship knowing that Tony wasn't completely ready for this. He bit his lip and glanced at Tony.
Tony let out a groan. “I just left work and you’re asking me how work was?”
“You asked me a few weeks ago if I was seeing anyone and I told you no.”
A car turning into the facility’s driveway caused Steve to glance up. It was a black car, and it was turning around the corner much faster than it should’ve been. Of course, there was only one person who would take that turn so recklessly and still manage to be on the road. But…after their last encounter, Steve doubted that it would be him.
Steve bit his lip.
Steve glanced at the tower of clear bins that were stacked a few feet behind Happy.
“Is this where the magic happens?”
“No need to thank me yet, Steve.”
Feel free to leave kudos or a comment if you want!
“But -”
Steve smiled brightly at him. Reading books shouldn’t make him this excited, but the fact that Tony was going to spend the time to create a list for him meant a lot to him, especially since he knew how busy Tony was with work.
The titan snapped his fingers, but nothing happened. Tony smirked and held up his hand. The Infinity Stones appeared on the back of his hand. His armor appeared around his hand and forearm to create a gauntlet. The infinity stones slid into the gauntlet.
Really? That was his response?
Steve tucked his hands into his jean pockets. “Are you sure?”
Steve brushed his hand through his hair, smoothing it out, before he opened the door. As always, Tony looked like he had just stepped off of some sort of fashion magazine. He was wearing black jeans with a short-sleeve polo shirt that only had two buttons buttoned, exposing some of his chest. Steve glanced at his shirt, his gaze lingering a bit too long at the exposed area. He swallowed thickly.
Here's the new chapter! Hope you enjoy it.
A few hours later, the portrait was finished. Well, at least everything was shaded in. Steve was sure that he could work on it more, but he didn’t know if he needed to. It seemed good enough for him. He moved away from the easel and picked up his phone; he dialed Tony’s number. The brunette picked up on the second ring.
“Want to take a walk? I’m feeling quite stiff.”
His gaze swept over the crowd.
Steve pursed his lips. There went his plan.
Tony looked at him through his lashes; a frown marked his face. Steve wanted to leave, but he found himself sitting back down in his chair instead. He ran a hand through his hair and looked at Tony, who was looking at him with a confused expression.
The story continues.
"I do."
“Since the attack,” Steve began, his focus shifting to the floor. “I’ve kind of viewed things in a different way. I realized that I’m missing something. It’s something I’ve always wanted, I guess, but due to all of the missions I had to go on, I just ignored it. It didn’t seem very important. But now it seems to be really important. What I'm missing is a relationship - I want to have a relationship with someone.” Steve’s gaze flicked to Bucky, who nodded a little, urging him on. “You know that I tried to date Sharon, but that didn’t go anywhere. I liked her, just not in that way. I even tried to date other people, but that didn’t work out, either. I didn’t really know what I was searching for, but I knew that no matter how nice those relationships were…they weren’t the one I wanted to be in.”
“Oh, I’m good, thank you,” Steve said.
Tony raised an eyebrow.
Steve blushed deeply at that, unable to control his cheeks from heating up. He cleared his throat and gestured to the chair.
Steve’s gaze shifted to his lap. “Yes,” he murmured. He wasn’t proud of his thinking. It was just…how he felt. And, what had happened to him in the past.
“Well, that curtain is lovely, but I don’t know if I’d define that as artistic talent.”
Hope that you enjoyed this chapter!
“In my letter?” Steve let out a short laugh. “No…I wasn’t. I knew that I had messed up…but I still cared about you, Tony. I wanted you to know that I would be there for you whenever you needed me.”
They spent the next hour or so researching and taking notes. The room was quiet, save for the occasional sound of clicking keys or scratches of pen upon paper. Steve was actually surprised that Tony didn’t make any discussion. He thought Tony would want to ask him about his behavior as of late, but perhaps he was wrong. Maybe Tony didn’t care about his behavior that much. But…still, Steve doubted that was the case. Tony was merely focusing on what they had to accomplish instead of Steve’s behavior. A half an hour passed before Tony finally spoke up.
