John stops. 'I'm a doctor. I see naked people often enough, it's no difference. I've seen you naked before, too.' There's a pause. 'Of course, we don't have to do this. You can just stay here.'
'It's gonna come very soon, isn't it? His end.' She pats John's back and he knows she's mocking him. 'But don't be scared, John. He'll by lying down just like now, except there's less of a need for medical help.'
'Why exactly do you want to leave the hospital again?' he asks, feeling like an idiot indeed. Their banter has distracted him. He hasn't even told Sherlock about the coma yet though he wonders if Sherlock knows. The fact that he knew about Mary and Rosie, about Afghanistan and Anderson and how he talked to John as if talking to a friend builds up to the theory that he's heard everything that has happened around him. But why isn't he freaking out now? How can he be so calm? John composes himself. 'Sherlock. I mean, Mr–'
'221B Bakerstreet,' Sherlock mutters. He turns his head to look at John. 'I need to ask Mrs Hudson a few questions.'
'Only about 25% of the people who wake up from a coma ever regain the ability to walk. Besides, after lying down for so long, he wouldn't even manage to stand up. He might never talk again, coma often leads to brain damage, and well, we can't know if Sherlock wakes up at all. Also–'
John spends the lunch break in Sherlock's room with another coffee and a newspaper. Later, after his shift, he just goes there because his telly is broken. He's already changed into normal clothes again and deliberately goes after a nurse left the comatose man. If nothing happens, nobody will disturb the peace. John pulls the armchair by the window next to the bed to have a better view at the telly. He presses a button on the remote and the black screen flickers to life. Just in time for–ugh. Ads. With a sigh he mutes the TV and glances at his watch. Half of the film he wanted to watch is already over, but it's an old one he already knows.
“So what’s your story?” Jim turns his head and nuzzles Sherlock’s temple. “Poor circumstances, never had the chance to go to a real university?”
“Better end things with him quick as you can, Molly, before you walk in on him with one of his boyfriends,” Sherlock turns back to his microscope. “Will save you a lot of heartbreak.”
He tried so hard! Every day he made an effort to fit in, to be pleasant, and every time he was shot down. By Anderson, by Donovan, by that arsehole Dimmock who didn’t even take his hand when they met in Eddie Van Coon’s flat. John was eternally grateful that he shook hands with Sherlock that first time on the steps of 221.
John held his hand all the way back to 221B, up the stairs and into the kitchen where he sat Sherlock down, made him a cup of tea and toast with strawberry jam on it, took out one of Mrs Hudson’s old aprons and began to fill a large sponge cake with chocolate-and-cream filling with a tad of brandy spooned into it. The gold ring in John’s finger caught the light every so often, making it gleam so brightly it looked brand new or polished within an inch of its life.
At dinner, they were sat next to each other and though Mycroft attempted to get Mr Trevor’s attention, he only had eyes and ears for Sherlock. Mrs Holmes, amused by this newly struck friendship, consoled her eldest with a pat on the hand and an extra helping of wine she herself partook willingly as well.
here most because you take all the bloody space and no one else can actually fit here. Now go away, I’m sleepy.”
“Considering that I haven’t been involved in such affairs for fifteen years, I don’t think the name matters that much. You can give it to me, if you want. I am sure I can read it from the case files in any case.”
. The conversation takes a completely unexpected turn when John tries to convince her he and Sherlock are not a couple and she bulldozes him with a quick ‘Yes, you are.’
The man sitting across the table from Doctor Albertson, however, was the very opposite of the good doctor. His black attire first made John think he had to be a funeral director and that the government agent had been asked to wait in the other room while Doctor Albertson settled the affairs of a recently deceased patient, but then the man stood up and in his pose John read first military, then
Then she shakes herself as if to rid herself from a feeling that has followed her from the other room, is suddenly back at the bed and climbing on it to lean over Sherlock.
Sherlock is nineteen and ready to burst out of his skin. John is almost sixteen, so close to adulthood that Sherlock can taste it. He has long since outgrown the idiotic idea that marriage somehow protects love. He knows marriage doesn’t even require love, but it doesn’t mean he has stopped wanting to marry John.
“I am not being a child. I sometimes experience pain in my feet because of the veins. I need to lift them up when this happens. But before I can do that, you have to get your butt up, up and away from my spot.”
He goes to the ashtray and picks up the two pieces. He weighs them in his hands, tries to see if he could still put them together with some glue.
He turns to look at John. Instead of applauds, he gets a slap in the face from Miranda who storms away and a disgusted look from John.
Warm. Like the skin on the back of John’s neck must be warm now that he has been asleep for several hours, face buried in his arms. His shoulder must be aching. Sherlock tests the deepness of his sleep by walking past him and brushing against his back. That he can sign off as a stagger while pacing and thinking.
But John doesn’t care. He’s ready to give everything he has to help Sherlock, no matter if his muscles feel sore afterwards and his legs shake from the effort. He is actually surprised of the tenderness of Sherlock’s movements, having seen nothing but sheer desperation and animalistic lust in his eyes.
He had barely slept due to his own sneezing and the wheezing cough from Watson’s side of the room. The constant creaking of the bed boards had told him that Watson had been tossing and turning as well, moaning and gasping occasionally before going completely still.
He manages until they have boarded the train, until they are moving across the moor and John has been staring out of the window for fifteen minutes, the silence between them stretching and stretching and stretching and he must still have some of the drug in his system because suddenly he is talking.
John knows this which is exactly why he is walking so briskly towards the shining Mercedes. Along with built-in navigation system and nappa leather interior, the car also has heated seats.
John, sitting as close to his husband as possible, hands clutched around his cup of tea, looks carefully at Sherlock who is staring at the table, hands loose on his lap.
There is no reason to hate her anymore, she has the same kind of lock and key on her emotions for him as Mycroft does, as he himself has for his feelings towards John.
When he was little, he thought busses just went round the same route all day, changing the driver in the middle, but otherwise going on, round and round. He loved the city. He wanted to live on a bus so he could look out the window and see the ever-changing landscape while he did his schoolwork.
Sherlock lies on his side, pulse beating against the fingers grasping his wrist, and watches John sleep.
They lay down calmly for a while, Sherlock pondering on a new plan, John concentrating on holding him down while counting the minutes to their predicted release.
It is a beetle, a perfectly ordinary beetle. Well, you would think it was, if you knew nothing about beetles.
Lady Eva and Mrs Holmes noticed nothing, and Victor attempted his best to engage Mycroft in conversation about current political affairs – to which he replied curtly, sneering at his soup all the time – while Sherlock, having been placed on the opposite side of the table, slid his foot up and down Victor’s trouser leg. When his mother turned to ask him the name of that one philosopher she had been reading about (“Kierkegaard, mama.”), Sherlock engaged Lady Eva in a conversation, detailing the principles of the Dane to the small woman, all the while stroking her son’s calves with his toes.
He really didn’t. Of course he knew John would by now be interning in one of the many hospitals in London, but for once his fantasy of John in his white lab coat had been just that, a fantasy, not something that could be made real by cashing in a long-standing favour a woman in the university registry owed him and to actually find out where John Watson had directed his interest.
“Nice touch, this,” John continues. Sherlock knows he can’t help it and yet he almost screams at him to stop. “The pool where little Carl died. I stopped him. I can stop John Watson, too.”
There was no need, however. Mr Hartley looked positively deflated and just stared at Doctor Albertson’s desk.
He takes his coat from the chair and steps out. They can hear him on his phone, ordering the car to come pick him and Doctor Mortimer up.
“You do not say his name, you do not think about him. And you do not think for a moment that you could be half the man he was. You can keep your feelings and your condolences. You are
A derisive snort from John’s right followed the announcement, but he paid it no mind. But when offered a pen, his brother had signed the paper with a swift flick of his wrist before John even had had the change to reach for it.
He gives his contribution to the circus by giving out a few truths about the judge and is escorted out of the courtroom. John bails him out, a slightly defeated look on his face, but he is in the game. He knows what’s going on.
It was a strange feeling coming face to face with something that found you so frightening, such an utter threat to your very existence, that when the logical thing would be to run to safety, they froze.
John Watson is sitting in his armchair doing a crossword puzzle, and it looks like he is actually going to finish it as an inhabitant of 221B Baker Street.
Sherlock stands in front of him, naked and shivering, surrounded by clumps of dark black hair. His head looks smaller now, his skull delicate under the mere inch of hair, and John takes a step towards him tocheck for possible damage on the scalp. Few older scars and nothing more. Sherlock’s brain is still protected by unbroken skull, and John lowers his hand gently on the back of it.
Before exiting the building, Sherlock wipes the blood of the dead man colouring the bottom of his shoe to a rag one of the cleaners has left on a table before tossing it in the bin.
Without another word, Irene turns around and walks out of the door. On the landing, she glances back over her shoulder, suddenly looking very sad. The door closes behind her just when John emerges from the bedroom, dressing gown on, ruffling his hair.
Such an ordinary woman and yet she can still surprise Sherlock. She begins to speak of the murder they have been investigating, of course familiar with the case by knowing what some nameless policeman likes.
They are lying on their backs in the snow on a small hill near John’s home. From there they can see over all the little houses built extremely closely together in the small London suburb, count how many of them have a red slate roof or a black one, how many have had their antenna broken in the recent winter storm. But right now they have their eyes directed towards the iron-clad sky that promises more snow quite soon.
Military intelligence interested in him was never a good thing, especially considering his past. No matter what you had been told before, even a small blotch on your record might send the men in sharp suits back to you, asking questions you could never answer right, only to disregard the answers entirely and wheel you off to from where there was no return.
In the morning, the room smelling of sex and the sour aroma of two men breathing the same air for the whole night, the windows and doors closed to protect them from more than just the chill of the winter morning, Sherlock finally felt truly happy.
“You have set yourself back months of work, Sherlock. We have to start with a new, stronger medication immediately. We might even have to reconsider shock treatment. I think that, for now, it would be better if you came to stay in the hospital ---”
He looked at his watch again. He had less than half an hour before the car would come pick him up from his home, even less if Mr Holmes realised where he had disappeared and he would arrive to Mulberry Terrace to see another car waiting for him there.
He does not look at Sherlock but feels him nod, gets up and walks fast to the kitchen. Sherlock hears a glass clink, water run and silence as John gulps it down. Glass breaks against enamel, a hard kick sounds against the cupboard and John sobs quietly,
“What can I do?” he asks. “Surely MI6 has a way to handle these situations. You must have friends high up! Your superiors ---“
Or perhaps he enjoys the power over someone so small, struggling to pay for the lives of his children, ready to die at any moment.
In the car back to Baskerville, he dares a question he knows will make John’s shoulders even stiffer. Treading on very, very dangerous soil, he asks what went wrong with Louise Mortimer.
John dumps the socks covering the floor on the bottom of his closet. He climbs back to bed and peeks under the covers.
Sherlock, having been at Bletchley Park long enough to know what had been happening and guessing the rest did not take the news too badly, but John was clearly more affected by them. For days he wandered aimlessly round the cottage, walked out, trotted in a circle round the garden or disappeared into the woods. To him the war was real in a way it had never been to Sherlock. The amount of dead people were mere numbers to him, but to John they were each a person with a soul and a beating heart. For him the thick rain covering the earth each day fell on both the living and the dead, the mist covered both the houses alive with families, lovers, friends and enemies as well as the gravestones of the people they all had buried.
John walked back in a moment later, his wallet in his hands, his eyes cast down to stare at his fingers fidget on the leather surface. He looked up to see Sherlock push one of the tables under the window, the feet scraping horribly on the floor, and begin to unpack and arrange his radio equipment on it, the kitchen table still full of boxes and crates with their food supplies in them.
He stands up with wobbly feet and slumps against the car. Jim is looking at him, eyes dark again, expression stony like it was when Sherlock first turned to look at him after he realised he had no choice but to help him get rid of the body.
It's half eight when Sally Donovan comes in for a routine check and to change the artificial nutrition. By that point, Sherlock's asleep again and John has changed into his white clothes, but he doesn't much like the idea of starting his shift in thirty minutes and leaving Sherlock alone.
Sherlock instantly shuts up and looks at him again, gaze sharp. 'I've been dreaming about kissing John Hamish Watson for years,' he says then, cocking his head ever so slightly. It's the mix of blatant honesty and teasing spite, that makes John's knees go a bit weak. Then, Sherlock just shrugs and puts his feet on the coffee table. 'But I suppose, if nothing better comes around, I'll have to take John Clive,' he continues airily.
Once he's done, he doesn't exactly know what to do next. Are they gonna do it like this? Another position?
'Do you want me under you? On top?' Sherlock asks when John slicks up his fingers and rubs them against each other to warm the lube.
'The internet?' John asks, raising an eyebrow. 'Don't tell me you googled how to be a good… lover.' At what point exactly would they be “boyfriends”? There were going to get there, right?
It's his turn to toss the condoms, Sherlock declares and John indulges. When he returns, Sherlock's lying under the blankets and as soon as John is in reach, he gets pulled closer.
Sherlock doesn't seem to mind it much. His face is as emotionless and peaceful as ever. Well, if one is attracted to men, unlike John obviously, one could say Sherlock Holmes is a very handsome man. With those cheekbones and that philtrum. Oh, and the dark voice. John remembers it from the day Sherlock arrived. Fit body, too, well, back then anyway.
'I thought you're gay,' he mutters and lies down again, turning on his front. 'Turn it off, I want to sleep.'
'Was that a swearword coming ou-ouh-t of your mouth?' John mocks which is undermined by the groans and gasps that are escaping his throat.
But Sherlock grabs the glass with fierce determination, gaze focused on it as if it was a hard challenge. Which it is, since it's much heavier than the small plastic remote and that bit should have powered Sherlock out enough. He was asleep for about a year. It's a wonder that he can move his hands and arms at all and talk so naturally already, not more than a slight slur to his words.
'Mary lied to me about something and we had a fight.' On this day, he stays at Sherlock's for a while after finishing work.
, full stop) and looks up the wine card of the restaurant's website he's just opened. Someone talks to him and he answers, then he wants to check the champagnes of another restaurant.
'Why won't you tell me?' Sherlock asks instead of a greeting when they meet up the next time about a week later. He continually tried to pry it out of John as they texted nearly ever day. His guesses became more and more ridiculous. 'It's not a code for nuclear weapons, it's just your middle name, for heaven's sake.'
It's weird working in hospital and not seeing Sherlock for a longer period of time. Completely different to when John thought Sherlock had died because he was very alive and awake and close now and more importantly, John knew him now. A bit.
John raises an eyebrow and holds the glass away from him, even though he knows he's being childish and totally not professional. What is wrong with him?
Sherlock smiles a bit at his hands on the table. 'See, that was an advantage about everything having just been a dream: you're not yet used to my intelligence. I can still impress you.'
'Can't deny that,' he says and sit up. He slides a hand to the back of John's neck and kisses him deeply. 'Bedroom, come on. I don't fancy falling off the couch mid-sex.'
John clears his throat. 'I was joking. About the sexy thing. I didn't mean anything, it's all just fine,' he rambles.
'I can't believe I'm doing this,' John mutters and checks Sherlock through again. Whatever was in the drug, it resulted into a very weird sort of coma because Sherlock is in a better state than to be expected. Still, he is very weird. Clearly, his brainwashing skills though are perfectly alright. John fetches soup for to see if he can eat and then waits another thirty minutes until he finally decides to carefully remove the needle on the back of Sherlock's hand and sets him free from all artificial nutrition.
There's a small smile on Sherlock's face. 'You really think you're falling… in love with me?' he asks sheepishly. 'You didn't just say that, did you? Be honest.'
'Shush, Mike!' John needs to drink more before he can discuss that in more detail. 'I don't know, but I think he's in for it. He's got the experience with men anyway.'
'Wait,' Lestrade says and steps out of the room. 'Pull that on,' he gives John a white crime scene onesie and blue bags for his shoes.
John swallows and then continues. 'Like I said, we had him back at normal,' he tells. 'But just a minute after that it went really bad. Suddenly, everything changed and he was so close to, well, dying.'
Especially, when Sherlock returns and fires off one deduction after the other. Suspect number one is apparently a colleague's sister.
Sherlock pouts but he can't rebel really because he is weak and John is much stronger. Next to 221B Bakerstreet, there's a small bistro and that's where John is taking Sherlock, getting them both something to eat and drink.
'Well, I had a great evening,' John says and smiles. 'I started out as a very unusual date, but I had a great time.'
Sherlock scoffs. 'I merely pursue to act according to your general standards and manners concerning sexual and romantic encounters of all nature,' he says.
'Why didn't you say something last week then?' Sherlock snaps, pouting a bit. This should be considered childish, but John finds it cute.
John stares for a moment, then he narrows his eyes. 'You prepared that phrase to justify the fact you fucking googled dating advice.'
'You know what,' Lestrade says, 'at least he never had to be serious with you while looking at that stupid moustache.'
Sherlock gives John disconcerted look. 'Not that I'm an expert on babies, but I believe that's not what you're supposed to do with them.'
'I have to be there when they question Smith. You know the imbeciles at Scotland Yard! They'll ask only stupid questions, in the end he'll talk himself out of it! That's a serial killer, John!
They all go to that woman's place after finding out her address and Sherlock doesn't need more than one look around her bathroom to prove her guilt. His cold and analytical demeanour towards her is a new side of him. It almost scares John but then Sherlock turns around to look at him, just as if he wants appreciation. John smiles a bit.
'Hi,' he says when he reaches Sherlock. They haven't seen each other for months but Sherlock looks just like John remembers him. His curls are wild and he's wearing a suit, his coat and a scarf over it. His gaze is piercing as if he can look right into John's soul. There's this sour look on Sherlock's face when John greets him with a grin.
Another moment of silence, then Lestrade laughs. 'Fucking hell.' He pats John's shoulder. 'That was a good one.'
John glances to his girlfriend. 'There are other competent doctors there, you know that. This is my free time, it's bloody Christmas Eve. I have plans.'
Mike is quiet, looking up as he thinks. Then he shakes his head and pats John's shoulder. 'Sorry, buddy, I don't think I know anybody you could ask.'
He's only walking up the corridor the late afternoon, in casual clothes and on the way home when he sees people go in and come out of Sherlock's room in a hurry. Anxiously he speeds up, nearly bumping into Sally Donovan. 'What’s going on?'
'Do you think, Saturday is going to be the glorious night, Doctor John Watson finally gets a cock up his arse?'
John indulges him and presses his lips against Sherlock's. The kiss lasts and he presses closer. For quite a while the lie there and make out slowly in the most sappy way imaginable.
He goes back to the hospital, picks up a book he's forgotten there the other day and reads it. Silently.
Of course, John could text Mycroft, but Mycroft could just as well give Sherlock John's number if Sherlock wanted to talk to him again.
'She was so much more interesting in my dream,' he murmurs after a while. John's already half asleep. 'Except for the fact she kept flirting with me. That was annoying.'
On the next morning it's Philip Anderson, an ambitious but idiotic soon-to-be doctor, who's annoying John.
John looks up briefly to take a new catheter. 'Evening,' he says, glancing to the monitor again. 'This is a turn-up, isn't it?'
'How do you feel?' he asks Sherlock while beginning to check the monitor and feel his pulse himself. He is still standing like any normal person, for once not leaning on a cane.
John calls Mycroft but they still haven't found the guy who created the Moriarty drug. The fucking mixture isn't even off the market.
John's eyes widen in alarm. Somehow he manages to frown in confusion at the same time. And smile a bit.
'There's a reason why I'm the clever one,' he mutters, looking up again. 'Of course I'm happy, for god's sake.'
Sherlock chuckles. 'Nah, I don't think so. He's going to be annoyed like usual.' He glances around the room, eyes lingering on the walking cane leaned against the table. 'He's got the recording of Smith's confession, right?'
When Sherlock sits down, John steps over to the light switch and suddenly it's less dark in the room. The wallpaper though is of a dark, cold blue and Sherlock's pale face is a stark contrast against the shadows behind him. He's beautiful, smiling up at John like that. It's not the first time John's here: two weeks ago there's been a case and they pulled an all nighter. It had been half seven in the morning when they got to Sherlock's flat, excitement wearing off and exhaustion taking over. Especially with Sherlock. He hadn't said anything apart from a small, muttered “thanks” when John helped him into bed. John himself had been tired so after making sure Sherlock was fine, he left to go home. He'd barely even looked around the flat then but now, he glances at the furniture, the open kitchen and the tall windows. It's far from tidy in the flat. When John's gaze focuses on a microscope on the kitchen table, Sherlock's dark voice cuts the silence.
But eventually, Greg had to solve it by himself, for Sherlock is still in his coma after the third month.
She lets him get away with that change of topic and they continue talking about everyday life stuff until they've both finished their coffee. John wouldn't admit it but as much as he likes her, he still misses spending some of his coffee breaks with Sherlock.
'Hey, wait, tell me your name. Can you hear me? Hello? We need to know who you are!' John tries to wake him up again while someone at the door calls his name.
After several fruitless orders he shows two ID-Cards, one being his own and the other unmistakeably the stranger's one, judging by the face. John wonders where he's gotten it but then again the younger man didn't have a wallet with him so he might have left it at home (if he hadn't lost it). However, with the new information that the two men are brothers, it is decided to reunite them.
'As if.' He takes out the bowls and puts them under warm water from the tap for a moment while the water in the kettle starts to boil. Luckily, John's found milk, teabags and sugar. The quiet, only broken by the boiling water and then the spoons in the bowls as he stirs the sugar, is comfortable. It's good, John thinks, that they can have easy banter like this about seemingly everything and that the silence isn't awkward in the least when Sherlock is awake and watching John. It's good how they can sip tea from bowls together and talk about murder and medicine and lots of other things. Sherlock makes John laugh and seems less put off when he discovers more little differences between the coma and the reality.
'Mycroft? No, thanks.' With remarkable strength, he shifts to the edge. Sherlock tilts over when he attempts to get up and John catches him. The wet fabric of the gown is pressed against his own shirt and he feels Sherlock's fast breath against his neck.
'Happy, are you now?' he murmurs, in awe with this face and the soft expression. Especially when Sherlock looks away and sheepishly fiddles with the hem of John's shirt.
They haven't really spoken about the coma again. Sherlock doesn't appear to have the need for it and John doesn't know what to say.
, it's six thirty and he can call it a day. John hurries to take off his white coat and change into jeans and a casual shirt, but then he has to wait. Mary has agreed to picking him up right in the hospital at a certain place so he's standing there and trying to look busy with his smartphone. People walk past him, a hospital bed is shoved into an empty room right by his side and the door remains open because of a nurse running in and out. John didn't pay attention but in the from the corner of his eye he saw a mop of unruly dark curls that reminded him of someone. He forces himself not to look (because he's
Sherlock rolls his eyes and leans back, obviously exhausted. 'You're so much like the version of you I know,' he mutters. 'Well, that
He rolls on top of Sherlock now and there's another long series of kisses on lips and necks. John lets it grow slower and more tender eventually before he ends up aroused. Not tonight.
Sherlock slowly sinks down again, not looking at John. 'Ah, yes,' he says, tone emotionless. 'Yes, it makes sense to say that. It was very good.'
A myriad of emotions fly over Sherlock's face before he can school his face and straighten. 'So we never went to solve a single case together?' he asks coolly.
But John and Mary have left the room for Sherlock never really opened his mouth or showed any sign of criticism. Nevertheless, John does shave it off eventually. And he also moves in with Mary. They have a lovely little party, which John tells Sherlock all about the other day. He doesn't spend so much time with him as before but he comes to his room in some of the coffee breaks and sometimes even watches TV with him again.
John frowns. 'I thought you heard everything that happened while you were in the coma. Oh! Was Rosie a human baby in your dream?'
Sherlock snorts. 'You don't like reading romance novels anyway,' he says. 'Aren't you a doctor? Have a medical view.'
'Wasn't there any list?' Mycroft interrupts him suddenly, though without turning. He just keeps staring at Sherlock. 'There should have been a list.'
'I watched that film about secret agents last night. And there was this guy who blackmailed people with things he knew about them. He had this strange memory technique only clever people can use. Greg told me you're pretty damn smart, so do you have a memory house? A mind house or so?'
John smiles back. That patient turned out to be amazing indeed. 'Well,' he says then, 'They probably were alone in his room at some point.'
'Solve the case. I'm going to get some coffee.' Because he wants to stay. It's the middle of the night but John wants to be the one taking care of his patient and he wants to see if Sherlock is really as good as they say. He doesn't want to go home yet.
'Yeah, I want this,' John says. He sits up, straddling Sherlock, and slowly takes off his shirt. 'You too, yeah?'
There is a moment of silence. 'You haven't answered my first question,' John says then. 'when did you realise you liked …me?'
'Hamish. Doctor John Hamish Watson. Or Captain.' Sherlock smiles a little. 'Fifth Northumberland fusiliers. Injured in Afghanistan, that's why you used to walk with a cane. That walking cane over there.'
At the restaurant, some waiter puts a candle on their table. John doesn't quite know how to deal with it and looks to Sherlock.
Sherlock tries to toss a pen at John. 'I'm trying ask you for a break here, John,' he says. 'Some distance,' he adds when John frowns. 'I need time to myself to think.'
'I have a case for him. A nice, bloody murder, that might cheer him up,' Lestrade says then and takes out his phone. 'Wanna see the pictures?'
The door falls shut behind them and John grins at Sherlock. He takes off his socks quickly, then Sherlock backs him up against the door. 'I believe you wanted to take it slow,' Sherlock says in his deep baritone. God, it's hot. 'Take me apart, get to know my body.'
'He was oddly calm about it but Sherlock explained to me that he had dreams that were sort of contortions of the reality. So while he did seem to know a lot of things about me or the past months, he keeps getting them confused.'
'From experiments, too,' Sherlock says with a shrug. 'Molly Hooper managed to get me a heap of fresh toes from pathology.'
John forces a smile, eyes back on Sherlock. Did he call it a date to make sure John would come or does he actually consider it one? Had he had big feelings for the John he knew? Is this actually going somewhere?
Sherlock grins smugly now. 'I'm merely being attentive. And a genius, obviously. What's your world like? It must seem so simple and mysterious at the same time. When you can't–'
Sherlock's smile grows wistful and sad. 'We were just flatmates but on the second day, you killed a man to save my life.'
'You might want to see what's in the envelope on the kitchen counter,' Sherlock announces. By now the smile is in fact rather smug and pleased.
'John, I can practically hear your thoughts, goodness,' Sherlock mutters. 'The internet emphasises it's better to wait if you're unsure.'
John looks at it as if it's suddenly alive as well. His gaze flicks back to Sherlock, then he grabs one of the glasses and the water bottle that is also standing there for visitors. He gets up and brings the filled glass to Sherlock. By now, Sherlock has figured out how to use the remote to lift the top end of the bed to make him sit up.
'Mary. But she died from a bullet intended for Sherlock. Only after making a baby with me, of course.'
John opens his mouth to toss back another sarcastic comment, but then he decides to fuck it. He's not teenager, panicking before his first kiss. So he walks over with three steps and sits down.
'Go find them by yourself,' Sherlock replies. 'What if I come up from behind and bang you right there on the kitchen table?'
It is still comfortably quiet in Sherlock's room. He's still in the coma. John has to go there regularly, to make this clear. It's his patient and he has to check twice a day. But he's still in the coma. Status quo, no change at all.
'Can't get enough of me?' He pulls off his condom and Sherlock takes it from his hand. John doesn't even know if he's going to throw it away or keep it for experiments which should be weird but this was Sherlock.
'You can go harder than that, don't worry,' he breathes, gripping John's arms. 'More… more… fuck, yes.'
, John thinks, shifting a bit, handing sinking down again. A small smile plays on Sherlock's features but he visibly tries not to smile. His eyes are glinting, wonderfully blueish and greenish. As terribly cheesy as it may be, he loses himself for a moment, not yet leaning in. They have time after all and Sherlock doesn't seem like he's about to run away.
As to be expected, the he can't keep hold of the glass. It drops when he tries to drink and by the time that John catches it, it's already empty. He sighs a little and walks back to the table to refill it. His brain has shoved the OH MY GOD HE IS AWAKE AND ALIVE AND COMMUNICATING away to switch to the Professional Mode™. There's still an awkward silence though.
'Yes!' Sherlock says, then he frowns at himself. 'I mean.' He stops and blinks. 'What is going on? You want to get … romantically involved with me? Sexually?'
He groaned, leaning his head back gripping my hand, which I had conveniently placed back on his hair, and from his hair he slapped my hand on the leather seats of the cab, giving me an icy cold glare. His mouth had opened probably to say something along the lines of, 'but what if it is important to the case that I need to solve' but the voicing of his opinion was cut short when the cab came to an abrupt stop. The cabbie quickly turned around, sliding open the window separating up and was holding his hand out for the money we owed. Luckily for me, I was already so used to paying, my body had already taken out my wallet and pulled out some money without conscious thought. Which allowed me to get out of the car in record time, in order to keep up with Sherlock's long strides towards the crime scene.
"And killed your wife." His breathing sounded like a harsh pounding, each deep exhale of air sounding like rumbling thunder of anger, the lighting collected in it ready to strike on an unknowing victim. "And yet…" His voice cracked as his tone took a softer tone his whole face seemed to soften along with it as if he came to realize something he hadn't been able to crack before. "You still stay." He let a deep exhale out, all fight let within him, fading into a look similar to pain as he slowly turned his head away from me. His eyes unfocused, and glazed over.
I rolled my eyes as I turned on my heels, giving Mrs. Bull one quick glance over my shoulder before snapping my head back around following Sherlock out the door. As his hand pulled out in order to get the attention of any passing by cabbies, I took this opportunity to snap to him how stupid this man beside me could be sometimes.
The tea that used to be Sherlocks (that he didn't even touch.) Whenever I had tried to get up, Sherlock would snap his hand out his eyes wide and panicked telling me to sit back down saying how much he appreciated the little input I would give him. Despite the fact I hadn't said much of two words to Sherlock after he entered his mind palace. If I tried to continue to stand up, he would bolt up his back straight, and his shirt wrinkled as he gave me the expression that could only be described as his own version of puppy dog eyes. Those were the eyes I couldn't resist as I would plop back down at the same time as Sherlock as he would let gravity bring him back down onto the couch going back to ignoring the world.
"What does that make Lestrade then? A fetus?" The words were like a knife cutting through metal, Lestrade snapping out of his laughing fit to snap up his head to glare at Sherlock.
"It's an experiment." He was right beside me now leaning over my shoulder his head right next to my ear as he started to point his hands towards the hand in question. I quickly decided to close the door before he had the chance to fully point it out as I turned around, moving back to the counter with the milk in my hand, putting it next to the tea packets.
"Of course." Sherlock's body straightened up from his slouch, his eyes crinkling as a smile plopped on his face. He moved the files from his right hand over to his left so he was able to use his right to grab the edge of the paper,  and unfold the papers. He did with the speed that was as quick as he was willing to risk without risking the possibility of ripping the paper.
"Hello?" The voice was soft and quiet. A sound similar to a whisper in the wind. Whistling the emotion of wishing. A wish I couldn't quite decipher as to what they were wishing for. It made me feel as if we're not wanted here.
"Let me guess. He always does the opposite of what you ask?" I nodded my head laughing while Sherlock in the background of our conversation let out a harsh grunt of air, making public his annoyance at being the main point of the joke.
"Aww am I such a terrible person." I cooed in a human talking to a puppy sort of way, before turning my tone into a more stern tone. "Too bad cause you to live with me, and I will throw it away. No matter how 'crucial' it is." I made sure to physically make quotation marks around the word crucial.
"We are just here to help." I supplied to try and bring him off the defensive barrier he surrounded himself with.
"Yes, Lestrade." His words syllables strung out longer in his slightly hostile sarcastic tone even with his back turned towards me. The words spoke of an eye roll that even a blind man could see, one he surely making towards the detective. The same detective how slapped the papers into his gloved hand harsher than what was entirely necessary.  "Good." Lestrade's voice was a dark rumble of promise, the promise of making sure that Sherlock would hold up his end of the bargain. No matter what it would take to ensure that promise. "Make sure to keep him in shape John. I don't want to deal with Sherlock's screwups today."
I nodded thanks to him, despite him not really caring, as I quickly pushed my way into the cab. Plopping down on the surprisingly soft seats of the cab as I turned my head to look out the window. Allowing Sherlock to give directions to where he would want to go next, knowing he was unpredictable on where he would want to go to next.
"You're no fun." He murmured out in a slightly annoyed tone to which I removed my hand from his and started patting his hair.
"We. Only we would find this interesting." His eyes glinted with a sense of contempt, as he gently laid his hand on top of mine, curling his gloved fingers in between my ungloved fingers. "You do need to start wearing gloves outside, it's getting closer to winter."
"Wait." I found my feet stopped as my mind racked for the answer. Sherlock stopped alongside me,  pausing as he looked back at me in confusion, his head tilting slightly to the side. I felt another cold drop hit me, which reminded me why we're were going back in the first place. I picked up my feet once again and started walking forward once more.  "What if we're looking at this the wrong way." I heard him hum in response showing to me he was listening and waiting for me to continue. "What if we shouldn't be looking for what the killer left behind, but the victim itself."
"Jokes relating me to a child again?"  He growled out, finding the jokes ridiculously childish. His body now turned to the side, now being able to look at both of us at the same time.
I found myself laughing along with him, rolling my eyes at our immature behavior that seemed to always surround us during supposedly dark situations. "Only you could think that way about a potential serial killer" Shaking my head softly in return, still chuckling as he returned the gesture with a smirk of his own.
Poison. Each letter was carved deeply within the bark, each one more jagged than the last as if he was slowly getting more and more enraged as he continued to shove that knife deep within the harsh make-up of the forest. Taking a glance back at Sherlock, I saw his face full of wonder his bright blue eyes sparkling as he stepped closer to the letter in question before crouching to his knees. Everything else forgotten as he started looking over the corpse with his little microscope he seemed to have pulled out of nowhere.
"Indeed."  I jumped slightly at the sound as he turned his head toward me, giving me a small smirk. He stopped briefly, bringing his hands up from his side as he brought up the yellow 'crime scene' tape pulling it above both of our heads as he allowed me to walk under first. Following in my footsteps quickly after, now walking in front of me once again.
I heard a harsh slap and realized Sherlock had slammed the file shut, staring directly at me as if he were waiting for me to say something. I stared right back lifting up the tea to my mouth for one last drink of my tea before speaking up.
"Ah." I found myself facing him as I moved my pointer finger to land over his mouth. A silent command to be quiet. I could feel his smile expand underneath my finger as he reached up to grab my wrist. He pulled it away slightly, just enough so he was able to lean down and give the top a gentle kiss.
A slap that made my hand sting with pain which I ignored as I curled my left hand up into a fist and set it to the side, keeping my eyes directly on Sherlock as he recovered from the shock the slap gave him. He gently reached up to his face cupping his cheek in his palm before mumbling out something.
“So what’s with the bees?” He was now sitting in a slouching position as he used his hand to prop up his head as he awaited my answer.
"She became a disgrace in her town when the accusations got out. It's been a few months, the hate her husband's death caused had finally calmed down. She doesn't want any more attention, even if it just people apologizing." Sherlock looked at me, giving me a slightly sympathetic smile that seemed awkward as if he wasn't sure what to do exactly. Staring and waiting for my response he knew was to come.
"John." He grabbed my shoulders, pushing down my arm that was pointing at the door, moving his hands down my arms till my hands rested beside my body. He moved his hands back up to my shoulders after he was satisfied doing slight soothing circles, being extra careful on the one with the bullet wound. "John look at me." I snapped my head towards him, a full-on glare ready to meet his face that was most likely to be snarky, but it was not his eyes were empathetic, something that caused all the anger to boil out of me as my tense shoulders now went lax beneath his hands.
"The flowers around his heart are poisonous." This snatched my attention as I turned to the still crouching Sherlock who seemed even more intrigued by this investigation more than before.
This makes me question my opinion as to if he really would commit a murder like this. The way he explained himself could potentially sound incriminating, but yet he chose to say the truth. Whether it was because he knew he couldn’t or if he wanted to try and prove his innocence by giving his truthful answer to avoid suspicions for why he would be lying.
"Yes, Ms. Hudson." Sherlock had smiled as I found my way next to him near the door. "The game is on." With that, we were out the door within a second.
“What if someone’s life hanged in the balance?” Sherlock quipped up once again leaning even more forward as he continued to stare into Turner’s skull.
"Mrs. Bull?" The lady shifted on her feet, pulling the door open slightly so we were able to see more of the woman hidden behind the door. Her light brown hair fell over to cover most of her left eye, leaving one dark brown eye to gaze up at us. "Could we come in?" Sherlock was putting on a sympathetic tone, trying to encourage the other to let us in. Wanting to get more information on her husband's death.
"This better be good Sherlock." Lestrade had mumbled darkly turning his head towards the body behind him. His expression settling on one of slight annoyance but intrigue. Waiting for Sherlock to explain his reasoning for why he was interested in this case in the first place.
"Looks like it's about to rain." Sherlock had now tilted his head up to the sky, looking at the dark clouds looming above us with a somber expression. I found nodded in response, a nonverbal response seemed more appropriate for this time than a vocal one. For the hike down the trail, we had talked back and forth about the case of murder by bees, a case I told Sherlock I would call 'the sting of a thousand bees', to lighten up the mood as we had come up empty-handed. The evidence was just enough to prove it was a murder, but not to help figure out who the murder was despite the letters scattered across the murdered victim.
"That's payback." I retorted moving my hands to my hips slightly jutting them out as I started up at him, holding back my smile as I tried to give him a blank face. One that failed terribly as I saw the messed up curls that had individual strings all over the place, and the soft smile that had accompanied the curls laying upon Sherlock's face. A cute combination that brings a smile to my face as he walked closer towards me.
"How did he get away with that?" My voice was slightly higher pitched and more scratchy as I tried to get a grip on the concept. Had the killer of this man been correct after all?
"Apparently if you get enough bee stings, it could kill anyone, whether they have an allergy or not," I grunted as I saw the excitement flutter out of his eyes. He closed his eyes as he leaned back against the couch, his head turning to look at the ceiling. His exhale of breath sounded disappointed despite no words left his mouth.
"None at all," I spoke in a smirk, confident, I knew this would excite him, and felt rewarded as the in his eyes a glint of excitement formed. Calculating all the possible solutions, discarding some, and keeping others in the realm of possibility. He leaned even more forward as he elbows rested against his knees. Concentrating.
He seemed to have another miraculous ability because as soon as Sherlock's hand stuck out, a cab pulled over the side. Something I still struggled to accomplish dispute the fact he blended into the surroundings behind him. Just like before he had opened up the door for me, more excitedly this time we both entered the car, the door slamming behind Sherlock in his attempt to get to our destination quicker.
"What do you think I normally do?" That got a snort out of the stone face Lestrade, his eyes crinkling into a smile as Sherlock whipped his head around to give the man a snarl.
The crime scene was horrid. All of my time in Afghanistan could have not prepared me for this horrific scene. I thought the worst part of the war was watching my fellow men die slowly on the operating table, to which I was not able to save them and ease their pain as they passed on. This though was terrible on its own level. The man has been strung up, the ripped bark of the tree that was bent to hold up onto the man that had found its way shoved underneath the man's skin. His arms and legs held as far back behind as they could go nailed into the bark to keep the man suspended in the air.
I could feel his hand move from where it rested upon my waist move up, he brushed his hand up my side gently touching everywhere until the hand found its place on the side of my head. I could feel his fingers flexing to bent against the gloves as his fingers more soft soothing circles against my skull
I saw Sherlock paused, his face contorting before going blank, a common facial expression for if he was about to go into his mind palace. I paused with him for a second, before looking up to the sky, seeing darker clouds come closer our way. I pulled slightly on his hand, which made his feet move without conscious thought on his part as we continued forward. Me leading him to make sure he didn't bump into anything while he was deep into his mind space. I saw little dark spots of grey forming from where the droplets hit the concrete of the ground, Sherlock's hair was now slightly damp from the rain, some strands sticking to his forehead as his face continued to reveal nothing.
“You’ve never questioned my harsh tactics before? What’s so different this time?” When I turned to look at Sherlock he looked genuinely curious about the question, I  took in a deep breath and let it out, allowing myself the time to calm down, before I attempted to explain to the thick-headed, twig, the detective that he had crossed multiple lines.
"By deduction." Was his two-word answer as a cab came to a stop, and Sherlock popped open the door pulling it all the way out. Already waiting for me to get in first, so he may follow after.
"I hadn't really thought of it." Was Sherlock's bored answer as Lestrade let out an exasperated chuckle, turning his head back to look at Sherlock with wide eyes.
I couldn't stop laughing as I doubled over in laughter, hearing Molly join in with her own light higher-pitched chuckle. The words that had spilled out of Sherlock's mouth haphazardly we're absolutely, hilariously entertaining to me.
"Oh, God. I messed up, didn't I?" I whispered out, quickly realizing my mistake, Sherlock didn't think it was her at all. He let out a soft sigh, dropping his hands off my shoulders, but never breaking his eye contact with me.
“A few years ago, just haven’t hung around enough people to catch the accent I guess.” He mumbled out shrugging his shoulders in a circular motion.
“What if your business hung in the balance.” I saw fury akin to Sherlock’s as Turner snapped his head towards Sherlock, his eyes seething with anger as he spits out a bunch of profanities directed at Sherlock before snapping out a coherent statement.
Turner shifted and pushed the door open all the way using his foot to prop the door open tilting his head toward the house then back towards where we were standing. Sherlock instantly took the invitation upon himself and walked straight into the held open wooden door. I walked slowly behind him giving the guy a soft thank you as I took a step in order to walk through.
I turned my back on Sherlock and folded my hands across my chest, honestly done with seeing Sherlock’s confused face like I was acting like the crazy one in this situation. I swear sometimes Sherlock could be so dense that it felt as if I was talking to a brick wall instead of a human being. I felt Sherlock’s presence behind me before the words stumbled into my ear.
"I could work that out." I saw a smirk forming on his face, even as he turned his face towards the window to try and hide that fact.
I saw him lean down, hovering just above the forehead of the man, studying each crevice and bite mark. He was trying desperately to find some sorry for evidence of misconduct, any sort of evidence besides how this man's circumstances of his death, to prove that this man was indeed murdered in cold blood. Once he got to the feet, he stood straight up, his eyes tumbling with questions, one's yet to be answered as he shut the magnifying glass closed with one of the index fingers. He stood still for a minute as if he was contemplating his next move before his eyes turned blank as he decided what to do. He spun on his heels to face the hard face detective, bringing his black-gloved hand from his side, holding it palm facing up. He brings his fingers up and down, a sign for 'give me', as he spoke out what he demanded to have.
"Names have nothing to do with the potential of someone becoming a serial killer or not." He huffed out as he turned his head to look out the cab window, his brows pulled into a constant upset stare.
Its photo was one of the man's right hand, his palm was facing away from the shot, leaving the outside visible. This was different from how the body was laid out on the table behind us, most likely due to the customary actions of the morgue. It was hard for me to make out as the bee stings swelled their way around the, what I could only assume, cut. All I could figure out was that there was a definite scar of something right above where the fingers meet the base of the hand. That something was the thing I couldn't quite figure out. But I knew who could. I lifted up my finger, watching as Sherlock followed the movement as I pointed towards the spot in question, tilting my head up to stare up at him.
"So, what's exactly going on?" A perfect question to be asking at this exact moment as we have yet to explain ourselves, and we were complete strangers she just let into her house.
"Well, obviously it's the blonde highlighted brunette in the crowd over there that did it." His voice sharp with boredom, the words running off his tongue in an uncaring manner, like he wasn't sentencing someone to a lifetime in jail.
“Oh, you to jus’ trying to set me up aren't ya? Is that how you catch all your criminals by pushing them into the corner and make them confess something that makes them look guilty? Well, I ain’t falling for it no more! I want you all out of my house! I’ve dealt with enough crazy people coming to my beekeeping business this week.” His face was seething by the time he finished as he shoved a harsh point towards the front door, one of which Sherlock was already making his way towards.  I put both hands up to show I meant no harm as I mumbled out a soft,
"Seems so, " Was all that was spoken, leaning forward putting his hand on the seat in front of him, slowly giving new directions to the cabbie. The cabbie of which swore in return as it was the opposite way of which we were previously going, Sherlock, of course, ignored this as he leaned back. Turning his head to look at me with a soft smile, his eyes glinting with a hint of danger as he chuckled out. "This case just got a whole lot more interesting."
I felt a soft smile form without my consent on my face, giving a little sniff. Pushing back on my emotions that were previously begging to be released. He rarely apologized, when he did, it meant something, it told me that he meant it. This was something he didn't just do to anyone, it made me feel like I was in good hands, like he would care for me until he could not. It made me special. I heard the ruffling of the fabric against fabric before I had felt a soft but firm arm wrap around my waist, his leather gloves curling around my coat despite the limited grip his gloves proved to have. My mind blanked as he softly nudged my side, the purpose of the movement to encourage me to tip over. I gesture I gladly accepted as I put my head on his clothed chest. My eyes closing in comfort.
"That's the interesting part." Sherlock smoothed out with his bright shiny teeth coming into view. "They wanted it to be seen as an accident, " He paused for dramatic effect. "But couldn't help but degrade the dead man they saw as immoral."
"I have really been hoping it would be harder to solve." He grumbled out angrily, his tone lower than normal. "But no, the woman had to be hanging out in the crowd." He paused turning his head away from me to look back out the window. "Would've been much more fascinating if she wasn't." I couldn't help the chuckle that escapes out of my mouth as I shook my head at how hilariously upset he was that he caught the criminal quickly.
“Alright, the only reason I even let you enter in my vicinity is so then you can clear my name. I ain’t going to allow my business to fall apart due to false accusations.” His voice had a slight southern accent I noticed as he spoke more openly about his thoughts.
"Yes unless they were meaning rille. Which is not possible because I can see a K right here." His gloved hand pointed at the bottom of the man's skull. Lestrade and I turned our heads towards each other, and without speaking we nodded our heads. A silent agreement that we had both believed Sherlocks claims."I guess I should call this into the department then." He mumbled out, walking over to the right side of the room as he pulled out his phone out of his coat pocket.
“Yes.” John replied confidently. “It means you are better and more important to me than any other friend I’ve ever had in all of my life.”
Pale fingers tugged at John’s sleeve, and John found his left forearm under the piercing gaze of Sherlock’s eyes. Two red bumps stood out, perfectly spaced, just along the crease of John’s radial artery.
“It means exceptionally smart.” John explained. Sherlock looked extremely surprised to have something so complimentary said about him. “Brilliant.” he said to himself in awe.
“I really don’t know. I should be able to figure it out. I am a doctor.” John considered the bumps on his hand as he spoke. “It’s just so odd. This pair… it’s directly over the cephalic vein. It’s like whatever bit me knew exactly what it was aiming for.”
“John was sad for lose his garden. Sherlock is fix.” John nodded, expression embarking on a face journey from confusion, to awe, to touched joy, and back to a further state of confusion.
“I’m sorry.” Sherlock turned away. “I tried not to… please believe me, I did. I held myself back for so long, and then I told myself it would only be once, just for a taste… but then I’d had you, and I couldn’t stop.” Sherlock’s fingers fell into picking at a stray thread along the edge of his coat. “It was wrong of me, I couldn’t control myself.”
John let out a yelp at the strange feeling – initially it was painful, a sharp stab. But very quickly the pain faded into an odd tingling sensation. John felt as Sherlock took his first suck, and it was as if his own vein extended into Sherlock’s being. John looked down to where Sherlock’s fangs were deeply buried in his skin. John knew it should feel more painful than it did, but all he could sense was the intense connection.
“I can’t go out. Sunlight depresses me.” Sherlock was sliding backwards towards the floor at an almost imperceptibly slow rate of speed, like he was the human incarnation of the world’s only consulting slug.
All of the elder man’s righteous bravado had evaporated in the light of renewed circumstances and pain. He surveyed the room in a sweeping gaze of horrified defeat – one that might have caused John to feel for him in another situation and time. The man’s wavering attention turned to John – a feat, truly, given the snarling and blood covered visage of Sherlock mere inches above his face.
John returned a beaming smile of his own and paused to consciously note every detail of the moment, so as to preserve it in his memory for all his days to come. Let’s pull ourselves ashore.” John suggested. And they did just that, abandoning the skiff as they had found it, washed away aside the river Thames.
“What is store?” Sherlock’s ears had perked up at the mention of an unfamiliar word, the new normalcy of Sherlock’s inquisitiveness bringing a smile to John’s face, as well as a calm to his heart.
“This had better be of the utmost importance, Antlerson.” Moosecroft insisted in a haughty drawl. “There are many preparations for me to see to, you know.”
Moosecroft stepped out of the trees, an angry scowl on his face. He stomped over to Sherlock and prodded at him with his large, foolishly decorated antlers. “Why can you never follow instructions, brother mine?” Moosecroft admonished in the fawn language.
Sherlock turned a shade paler than usual and gave an odd huff in response, turning to his side on the couch and pulling his dressing gown tightly around him in the way that indicated he no longer wished to be spoken to. All was for well, as John had a shift at the surgery in an hour or two, and it was much easier to get ready and leave when Sherlock was lost in his mind palace, and thus unable to protest.
There was no time for a plan, so John took action. He threw himself to the floor in an over-exaggerated stumble and began to pathetically claw himself towards the other men.
Sure, John made small talk with the grocery clerk when he stopped into town, and would chat with hikers and such that would pass by his cabin on occasion. But other than that, John was left alone with only his memories of long-dead or far away comrades from the war, none of which would be stopping by to visit.
“Six on clock.” Sherlock repeated incorrectly, his nose crinkled with confusion. “John is eat dinner at six on clock.”
“I’m sure you’ll get it eventually.” John chuckled, giving Sherlock’s hand a squeeze. “Let’s get you home and then we can practice it again.” They practiced saying it the entire walk back and Sherlock never did say it correctly.
One day, Sherlock came across something that interested him greatly. He had traveled farther away from the fawn area of the forest than usual, particularly bored. As he traveled about, memorizing each nook and cranny of the uncharted territory, Sherlock came upon a group of bipedal, furless creatures. He immediately identified them as humans. Fawn culture warned of the dangers of humans. All his life Sherlock had been told that humans were to be feared and he was to immediately run to safety should he come across them. Naturally, this only peaked the rebel fawn’s interest. Sherlock focused his attentions on them, learning everything he could.
John did his best to follow Sherlock, although the quick and nimble fawn had to stop occasionally to wait for the army doctor to catch up. After about a half-hour, John began to worry. Did Sherlock really know where they were going? Everything looked exactly the same - it all looked like trees. They were far from the cabin and would be in a great bit of trouble if they got lost.
With a great sigh, Sherlock pushed this to the side of his Mind Forest. He had months before the cold of winter would arrive. For now, Sherlock needed to find somewhere safe where he could sleep for the night.
. It brought John overwhelming peace to have the thing he loved most in his arms, cared for by his hands. Their love was art, and this was how John crafted it - through closeness and tender care.
“People are idiots.” Sherlock watched as John took another sip of his tea, the flash of exasperation at this comment almost immediately fading from the human’s features.
“In your bed?” John finished where Sherlock had trailed off, to which the detective blushed and gave a sheepish nod. “I’ve thought of you... like that... before.” John admitted, wrenching the tiniest exhale of a gasp from the parted lips of the clueless detective before him. “Is that really so hard to believe?”
The chuckled comfortably floated away on the breeze, leaving the two quiet and together in the bobbing skiff.
“This is going to hurt a bit, okay?” John cautioned as he readied the surgical thread. “But I promise it’s going to make your cut heal faster.” John took an antiseptic cloth and gently cleaned around the wound. John found it was harder to clean off an arm that was covered in fur than it was to clean off the skin he was used to treating.
This “spirit” of the forest, as it was crudely defined by fawnkind, was something of nature. When it denied an incantation, it was not a judgment or divine intervention. Simply put, the denied magical requests failed to align with the nature of the forest itself. If something was against the natural order, it would not be permitted. This is why fawn magic could not be harnessed as a weapon, nor be used as a means to gain beyond what was needed to comfortably survive. It could be used for healing within one’s natural life cycle, but not for immortality. It was a just and unwavering truth, safe from the decay of politics. But of course, Moosecroft and the others had to warp it into a fairytale; an excuse to hold meetings and eat excessive and unnecessary treats.
“Come on, then. The bags are in the kitchen.” John couldn’t help but smile as he watched Sherlock scamper down the hall, filled with such enthusiasm at the prospect of unpacking the shopping.
“I was at the store.” John replied. “I’m sorry. I should have told you where I was headed. It’s just that you looked so comfortable, I didn’t want to wake you.”
“Now you see,” John huffed out in an anguished breath, setting the shirt aside, his scar completely bared to the fawn. John’s eyes were closed, shielding him from his friend’s reaction.
John slowly fixed it up. He tore down the existing structure and found that the foundation was still strong. From that he was able to rebuild and repair the cabin one section at a time. It took nearly six months of labor-filled days and tent-housed nights for John to repair the structure to the point that it was livable. Much to John’s relief, the end result was actually quite quaint. A small cabin nestled in the woods with its own garden as well as running water and electricity, the nearest town a 45-minute drive away. It was just the right amount of space to be alone, while also allowing John reasonable access to groceries and other daily necessities.
. Somehow the moon seemed to shine brighter, the plants and trees seemed to echo life. Everything was palpable in the air, and yet just beyond John’s grasp.
The evening had started out well – perfect in fact. Sarah’s family seemed to really like him, and a lovely feast was just being laid out on the table when everything went wrong.
John knelt beside the man, taking care to keep the wooden stake far from his reach. “You’re wrong about him.” John explained, like a parent to a child who has made a dangerous mistake. “I’m his friend.”
“John will see,” the fawn mysteriously replied. Before John could inquire further, Sherlock took his hand and began to lead them away from the lake in the direction of the cabin... their cabin, John realized. The cabin had become as much Sherlock’s as it was John’s in just a handful of days. Had it really only been a few days? It felt like it had been so much longer than that…
Those cases were the minority, another necessary evil in capturing the high that Sherlock chased. Not every puzzle can be solved, or has an answer one would care to know. Regardless, Sherlock Holmes was always there, compulsively seeking answers in the darkest of situations. And unflinchingly, John was and would always be there to repair him when the flavors of the unknown brought forth a bitter taste.
The detective in question had spent the afternoon deeply engrossed in microscope slides of his own skin cells, to which he was adding drops of various (hopefully non-toxic) substances via pipette, the mixture of which he was exposing at various lengths to a highly-focused heat lamp.
John sighed and gave up his inquiry. Perhaps he would try asking again later, when his flatmate was less intellectually absorbed.
, until both strings lay open and the fabric could be stretched just so. He would pull Sherlock out, exposing him above his waistband, cradling the detective’s most delicate parts with the most delicate care.
Sherlock looked at John very intently, and John wondered what he was thinking. John stared back at Sherlock, trying to read the emotion in his magnificent eyes. After a moment Sherlock looked away, and John could have sworn he had seen a bit of a blush on the fawn’s cheeks.
“Lean against me.” John huffed, gently hoisting Sherlock so that his body was supported by John’s smaller frame.  With some rearranging the two were able to manage a workable position, with Sherlock’s head pillowed on John’s good shoulder. Sherlock’s entire body felt as frigid as his skin, lifeless but somehow moving. John let a whimper of his building panic slip past his lips. “Something is very, very wrong with you Sherlock…”
Sherlock, ever perceptive, could sense that something was bothering John. “What is wrong? Is Sherlock do mistake?” the fawn asked gently, ears drooping.
John nodded, taking a careful first sip of his tea. He gave Sherlock’s mug a tap. “Give it a try.” The fawn leaned in and lapped at his tea, like a deer would drink from a stream.
“That’s because it isn’t for eating, you silly fawn.” John laughed. “They have value. You trade them for the things you need.”
From that day forward, the song, which Sherlock playfully named “Thanks Be To Watson”, was a Thanksgiving (and any night John wanted to hear it) tradition, reminding the men that they had plenty to be thankful for as long as they had each other, and that neither would ever spend Thanksgiving alone again, all because of the best Thanksgiving John Watson had ever experienced in all his life.
John was fast asleep in his armchair, huffing out grunt-like snores in no particular rhythmic pattern. This late-day nap was the exact opportunity Sherlock had been waiting for. Certain of the soundness of John’s slumber (grunt-like snores meant John would be asleep for at least an hour longer), Sherlock quietly crept out into the purple-tinted canvas of John’s yard.
John brought the fingers of his right hand to Sherlock’s cheek and wiped the escaping wetness from a sharp, cold cheekbone. “I know.”
John let his eyes roam over the exhausted detective beside him. Long limbs were flopped to the side, the hold of the seatbelt and the support of the cab door seemingly the only things keeping the detective from sliding to the floor. John knew that Sherlock hadn’t eaten or slept in days – it was amazing that the man’s body could survive being pushed to such unreasonable limits.
“Obvious.” The fawn said. His eyes were locked on John, seeming to see everything about him. “Sherlock.” the fawn said, motioning to himself with his uninjured arm. “Name is Sherlock. Am fawn.”
“Is get dark soon. John is like have supper on time. Six on clock. When hands like this.” Sherlock used his arms to mimic John’s kitchen clock.
Sherlock walked around the building’s exterior, careful to be quiet so as to not wake up any humans inside. Once he was satisfied with his initial inspection of the area, Sherlock decided to turn his attentions towards the source of the light that attracted him to the house in the first place.
“Sherlock?!” John cried with worry, bursting into the bedroom. He was greeted with quite a sight. Bouncing across the bedroom floor was John’s alarm clock. The round bells on the top of the clock were producing a loud cacophony of sound that could wake up even the most sleep-deprived soldier from his desperately needed rest. It had been ringing long enough to have fallen off the dresser, continuing its loud sleep-murdering dance across the floor.
“Sherlock is best friend of John…” the fawn repeated in awe, before continuing with confident resolution. “And John is best friend of Sherlock.”
Sherlock snorted a laugh. “When have I ever been one to joke, brother?” Sherlock kicked the rest of the cakes off the table, making a huge mess. “I, Sherlock Holmes am voluntarily leaving as an alternative to the council’s idiotic demands.”
To John’s surprise, he felt the light touch of furred fingers dancing over his ruined skin. He opened his eyes to see Sherlock examining his scar closely. There was no fear or disgust in his eyes. Only interest and concern.
“Tea, of course.” John began to pad his way to the kitchen, scratching at the late-day stubble on his chin.
“Sherlock. Your name is Sherlock.” John repeated, his expression one of disbelief at the whole situation.
“Stay behind me.” Sherlock commanded John in a soft rumble, sidestepping them both into the cloak of the room’s shadows. Four men began to descend the stairs, each shining a torch into the surrounding darkness.
NOTE FROM AUTHOR: This poor little fic that I have been meaning to update for so long is finally getting updated after a very long while of waiting. I'm going to start by updating each chapter that is already posted with some minor changes, rewrites, ect. Then I will be adding new chapters to finally complete this fic. Finishing this has been on my to do list for the past year, but I've simply been too busy to allot time and attention to it. Now I'm back (at least for a short while) and I'm ready to follow this fic where it takes me. Thanks for all your patience! Keep checking back for updates. Enjoy! - Frannie (johnlockhedgehog149)
“John is special.” The unexpected words from the normally aloof fawn somehow stopped and melted John’s heart all in the same instant. “Sherlock is trust John not to tell secret.”
John used to love being shirtless. He had enjoyed the feeling of the air on his skin, and had liked the casualness of simply existing without any thought to his choice of clothes. But alas, gone were the days of casual bare-chested evenings about the house, cruelly replaced with the obsessive layering of shirts and jumpers; a wearable security blanket that protected from the unsightliness beneath.
It was the detective’s turn to reach out a hand and cup the face of the man beside him. “This is more than I ever could have hoped to have wanted.”
“Is taste like water with leaves.” Sherlock gave the tea a second try, seemingly unimpressed. “Leaf water is… important?” He questioned after a moment, cocking his head to the side.
“Come on, you.” John initiated a mutual release of the embrace, extending his hand to Sherlock. “Let’s get home before the sun dawns.” Sherlock took John’s offered hand and the two pulled themselves so that both were shakily on their feet.
Also, John was willing to assist Sherlock in any way possible. So far, John had shown Sherlock how most everything in the house worked. John explained electricity, and showed Sherlock how to turn on and off the lights. John happily answered all of Sherlock’s questions, no matter how demanding their delivery was. John had even shown Sherlock the bathroom, and had helped Sherlock out of the toilet when he had fallen in after trying to use it.
When Sherlock felt he’d gone far enough he stopped, catching his breath under a particularly large tree. Once he was breathing normally again, and the ache in his legs from all the sprinting had faded away, Sherlock decided to climb up in the tree to further protect himself from being found.
John reached out to touch the cleverly-constructed leaf pouch that the fawn was holding. Much to the army doctor’s surprise Sherlock backed away. “Cannot touch! Is important.” He insisted.
The fawn opened his eyes and was met with the utterly dumbfounded gaze of John Watson, standing in his robe and slippers, clinging to the garden gate as if it was the only thing anchoring him from flying away into the sky above.
Sherlock would plod from the shower in his dressing gown and lounge trousers, clean on the outside and running on empty within. There was never enough sleep and there was never enough food, and by now, it was showing. Lord only knows how Sherlock survived before John’s care.
“We need to get you help.” John took Sherlock’s hand in both of his, gently but desperately trying to rub them to a stable temperature. The skin was not only cold, but incomprehensibly hard and fragile at the same time.  “You feel… Christ, you feel like a corpse.”
Sherlock had never known anything like the generosity of the man sitting before him. He felt he didn’t deserve this act of kindness, but this arrangement would solve many of his problems while also allowing him ample opportunity to study the short, sandy-haired human, who was greatly peaking his interest.
A few flicks of the lighter was enough to spark a flame, and soon the wooden stake was well on its way to becoming a pile of ash. John noticed that Sherlock kept his distance as it burned, though it could have easily been due to the fact that the stake was bloodied enough to elicit the distinct smell of burning flesh. John tossed the burning wood to the heap of bodies on the floor, reasoning to himself that they might as well burn it all. There would be no benefit to the Met directing manpower towards the comprehension of the inhuman claw marks in the elder man’s chest.
Thank you to all who are still with me. I've been meaning to update this fic for so long and am now finally adding a new chapter. I have more planned, so stay tuned. Lots of love - Frannie :)
For the first time in his entire life, Sherlock Holmes was truly speechless, the overwhelming emotions swirling through his mind visible only in the depth of his eyes and the subtle wobble of his bottom lip.
The light was coming from a small fixture by what Sherlock assumed was the front of the house. It illuminated what Sherlock recognized to be a ‘door’. He had recently learned the word ‘door’, and said it a few times proudly.
“We get ourselves cleaned and patched up, put something in our bellies.” John continued. “And if you don’t mind... I think I’d like to fall asleep with you in my arms.” It was John’s turn to look sheepish. “I don’t want to be alone tonight. I want to be with you, know you’re safe.”
“No, Sherlock. You did nothing wrong.” John sighed, taking a seat at the edge of the lake, his feet still dipped in the clear water.
John instinctively jerked his arm from Sherlock’s grasp and gave a gasp of a whole different nature, the sound of which sent a visible shockwave of shame through Sherlock’s frame. Sherlock’s eyes fell shut, shielding himself from the sight of John’s involuntary panic. It was as if the detective had been stripped bare in light of the cruelest scrutiny.
“No.” John cupped Sherlock’s face in both of his hands. “It was a bit not good, but I understand.” John pressed a breath of a kiss to Sherlock’s forehead. “I understand now, why you did what you did. And I want to understand everything.” Another kiss, this time to the very corner of Sherlock’s mouth. “I love you, Sherlock.”
John was extremely curious about the strange furred creature in his sitting room. “Do umm… do all the fawns speak like humans do?” he asked.
Sherlock, much to John’s horror, was dripping with blood – but it took only a moment to register that it had come from the elder man, who was writhing underneath the detective as sharp claws delved into the flesh of his chest. “TELL ME!” Sherlock looked absolutely feral, every detail of his face and snarl set at its most terrifying. “TELL ME HIS NAME!”
John was used to what he had internally coined as Sherlock’s “daytime pouts.” They tended to hit about one in the afternoon, and varied in both intensity and choice of complaint. At its most destructive, the daytime pout had the potential to cumulate with a violent outburst, usually taken out on an unoffending household object. Ever since the incident with the letter opener and the Union Jack pillow, John was determined to invent strategies for keeping the daytime pouts at bay. Namely, he was determined to encourage Sherlock to leave the damn flat for once.
Tree climbing was frowned upon in the fawn community. Sherlock never understood why climbing a tree was considered taboo. It was the greatest way to look out over the forest, as well as a handy way to keep oneself safe. Sherlock had taught himself to climb trees at a young age, always enjoying the view of the forest from up above. He benefited from the fact that the other fawns couldn’t climb. The tops of tress became an easy escape for Sherlock when he needed it.
Sherlock was first to the loo while John put on the tea, as was usual at the end of a case. Bruised and fatigued, Sherlock stood in the warm cascade of the showerhead and contemplated the blood and grime of the night as it spiraled to the drain. All the while his ears were tuned to the distant puttering of John in the kitchen, a familiar sound that brought a flutter to his heart.
Sherlock settled in the top of the tree, surveying the forest and the night sky with fond appreciation. He could see everything from there, including the night sky. It was beautiful. Sherlock rubbed his feet, which were sore from running. He needed to think about what had just happened, and what he would do next.
“It is very, very far away from here.” John mused, looking up at the perfect white clouds above, so unlike the skies he had seen during his time abroad. “The thing is, where I got hurt, it left a mark. A scar.”
Sherlock was sitting in his chair, staring out the window while petting his violin as if it was a creature that needed calming.
Sherlock backed away further, bumping into Antlerson. “You’re lucky a nice fawn like Moosey Hooper is willing to mate with you. I didn’t think they’d find anyone willing to carry the children of a freak,” he jeered with a sickening expression of disgust.
“Bored.” Sherlock announced on this particular morning, as soon as his eyes had opened, sprawled out on his back next to the coffee table. John shook his head and laughed. “How can you already be bored? You just woke up.”
“Do you live in the forest?” John asked, hoping some conversation might distract Sherlock from the inevitable pain. Sherlock nodded, not bothering to look up at John. “I see.” John continued stitching the wound. “And there are others, like you. Other fawns in the forest?” Sherlock nodded again, eyes not leaving John’s expert work on his arm. John carefully tied off the last stitch and traded off the surgical thread for some bandages.
Sherlock would flop onto the couch with his gown spread about him, bringing to exhaustion a dramatic flair. John allowed him these moments, because after all the outward exclamations and deductions, John knew Sherlock had considerations to see to within. No doubt Sherlock’s mind was more cluttered than the flat, a palace of disarray to be tidied by Sherlock alone. John would grab a quick shower, militarily efficient even as he gave Sherlock space. A straight bar of soap and a basic shampoo was enough for John Watson, and it was never long before he’d be out and cozied up in a clean robe and slippers.
“I’m sorry…” John managed to huff out between chuckles. “It’s just… you must be the only living being in the entire UK that doesn’t know what tea is. It’s practically a crime against the foundational pillars of English society.”
Sherlock wasn’t like the other fawns. He loathed the strict traditions his kind blindly followed. He couldn’t comprehend how the others were content to stay in the small section of forest in which they lived, worshipping the moon and the stars as if they had any actual impact on their existence beyond floating about in the sky above them. Sherlock despised the idiotic ways he was expected to spend his time; making flower crowns and singing folk songs about trees. All the others were idiots and Sherlock struggled to tolerate their presence around him.
“It’s not that. It’s just… I’ve been getting these bites,” John explained. “I think it’s been happening while I’ve been sleeping, and I’m trying to figure out what is causing them.”
Sherlock hissed, the sound like nails on a chalkboard made of steel, causing even John to cower where he stood. The men paled as Sherlock’s postured forward, his fangs descending and his eyes wild. Much to John’s amazement, dragon-like claws began to emerge from Sherlock’s fingertips – a terrifying addition to an already striking profile of otherworldliness. “TELL. ME. HIS. NAME.”
There was a gust of wind, like a gentle tornado. Before John’s very eyes, the brown wisps of dead plants he had been putting off clearing out from his garden began to turn green and fill with life. John watched his ruined garden slowly unfold, sprouts breaking from the soil and growing up towards the sky. Stems outstretched and leaves unfurled. Flowers blossomed and tomatoes ripened from green, to orange, to juicy red.
“What the hell?” he mumbled as he sat up, freeing himself from the tangle of sheets in which he had become entwined during a tumultuous sleep. He immediately grabbed his service revolver, which he kept next to his bed for safety, and made his way to the front of the cabin.
We were silent on the first few minutes walking back, giving me time to think inside my head. Giving me time to think out all the questions within my mind, and try to find an answer for each unsolved on. How do you find a murder that left no clues behind? I felt myself wondering before the answer popped into my mind. You find their weakness.
"There is two LL's," I mumbled out trying to catch up Lestrade in the 'breakthrough of the case' as Sherlock placed the hand back down on the table, keeping silent as his eyes glazed over, his eyes staring off into space.
"That means more danger than necessary could be brought upon you." He mumbled out, his eyebrows pulling into an almost angry expression, his black brows making his blue eyes stand out in comparison. His eyes had a look I couldn't quite place an emotion on as he continued to gaze out the window watching London fly by.
"The game is on?" I felt a smirk caress my face as he turned his head back to face me as the cab slowed down to a stop.
"It's her!" I shouted in a whisper, pointing back at the door of which we had just come out of. "She killed him, that's why she doesn't want the case to continue." I hissed out, turning my head towards the door to glare at it like it would melt allowing me to get to the woman inside.
“Everything Sherlock. Everything.” I turned my head to the side where Sherlock was hovering behind me to the right, his eyes putting on the puppy dog eyes, from which I only knew it was because he didn’t want to get banned from doing his experiments again. I turned my head back forward, not allowing myself to be the bait to that trick once again.
I just continued my walk to the kitchen, not saying anything in response. I had opened the cabinet door taking out the tea packet setting it on the counter before making my move towards the fridge. I opened the door and the light clicked on, I disregarding the hand that was stored in a clear container right beside the milk, instead, going for grabbing the handle of the milk pulling it out of the refrigerator.
Then he had turned his way back around speed walking forward as I followed closely behind him as he stuck his hand out to land a cab that happened to be passing by at the exact moment.
"It looks like a letter of some sort." His voice was a low rumble in return, his voice soft compared to the intense tone I took. "I just can't figure out which one." I found my eyes rolling without conscious thought, despite how smart he could be he always seemed to ignore the obvious answers to questions in favor of figuring it out using elaborate techniques.
"Oh…" Was the first word out of her mouth. "But the case was closed. They said it was over." Her voice became more frantic as she paced her way right beside Sherlock grabbing his shoulders and turning him to face her, shaking his shoulders back and forth slightly. "I thought it was over." Her voice sounded panicked now, as the thought of her husband being innocent was the worst possible thing to happen.
Sherlock was standing right beside me, his black-gloved hands tucked neatly within his coat pocket, waiting silently for the owner of the home. You heard the soft click of the lock before the sound of the door making a high pitched screeching made it to your ears as the door was slowly pulled open.
"Yes, that is all true. It is in our nature to seek out intimate relationships. The real question to be asking is whether it is truly beneficial or not. While correct in certain scenarios it can help you solve problems or get to solutions quicker, it could also lead you to panic and get things wrong. Which in return puts you in more danger than you would have been without caring." He glanced down at his hands, a stray piece of his curly black hair flung down from his face, covering up a slight view of his left eye. He didn't seem to care or notice as he lifted his head back up to look out the window. His stray hair seemingly falling out of the way of his eye with the slight movement.
Sherlock's ruffled up hair was blowing back and forth in the wind. His hands were resting against the cold railing of the bridge, the sky dark despite the hour as he looked over the crystal clear waters of London. We had ended up going on that walk after all.
"You realize you can always check the body." My voice came to a slightly exasperated annoyed tone lifting up one eyebrow as I stared blankly at the man in front of me. I could feel his face heat up as his eyes when blank, his mouth falling open into an 'o' shape. Before snapping out of his trance, quickly moving towards the body from where he had stood.
"Hmm?" I jerked my head to the side, not expecting a response as Sherlock lifted up his head from within his palm and turned to glance at me.
"She didn't kill her husband. I know that much." He gave me a soft smile that almost seemed out of place as he once again moved to stick out his hand, his gaze turning over to the side watching as a cab pulled over after a few seconds. Once again pushing my shoulders in order to guide me into the awaiting cab, because at the moment I was only half aware of the world around me, before moving to sit right beside me, giving the directions to our flat to the cab driver.
"Can you make out what this is?" I watched as his eyes furrowed together snatching the photo out of my hand. He tossed the other one's behind him onto the awaiting table, starting to pace as his eyes ran across the photo. I saw his eyes indicate a presence of recognition before he went blank face continuing to stare at it puzzledly.
I felt my lip pull up into a snarl on instinct, without warning. I found bubbling anger about to spew out of my mouth as I opened it up in order to call her out. Sherlock had beat me to cutting the knife through the tension though, with a statement and tone that was supposed to calm both of us down.
John Watson was a man of action, determined that it would take much more than a musty broom closet to contain him. He rummaged in the darkness, knocking aside mop buckets and bottles of cleaning spray. John managed to find a broom with a decently sturdy handle – not ideal in any sense, but it would have to do. The soldier took in a deep breath of air and swung the broom handle-first into the door. Again and again, John used every iota of his strength in a brutal assault. A quarter of an hour later, the broom handle was destroyed to a point beyond use, but the door had been splintered in more than once place. John tossed aside the ruined broom and employed his own body weight. A few solid slams with his good shoulder and John was able to burst through, landing in a pile of tattered wood on the opposite side of the doorframe.
“The others, I was more careful.” Sherlock ran the pad of his thumb along the raised indents of skin. “This was desperate, and sloppy. I never should have…”
“Did I tell you how brilliant you were tonight?” John would ask with a smile, to which Sherlock would nod, blush blooming on his cheeks. “Have I told you how much I love you?” John always questioned next, earning another nod and drawing color to posh cheekbones . And then John would undo the drawstring of Sherlock’s bottoms,
“Well, I suppose that is okay.” He acquiesced as he stood up. “Especially since you were so thoughtful as to come up with a surprise to cheer me up.”
John surveyed the room’s carnage - broken bodies in pools of solidifying blood, newly past the transition from living being to cold and lifeless flesh. In the midst of it all, John spotted the wooden stake. How and when he had discarded it he realized could not recall. Shaking the brain matter from the point with a firm flick of his wrist, John held out the offending object for Sherlock to see. “Tell me how I destroy this.” It was a command that left no room for negotiations. In lieu of a verbal response, Sherlock reached into the pocket of his Belstaff, producing a lighter and gracefully tossing it John’s way.
“Are they hurting you?” Molly tried to pass the query off casually, but John could tell it was part of a direct line of questioning.
“Not into humans, apparently.” John quipped with a shy smirk, drawing a rumble of a chuckle from deep in Sherlock’s throat.
Were John awake, he would have been incredibly amused at the sight of Sherlock attempting to break apart a hunk of brown root by hitting it repeatedly with a plastic spatula. When the spatula proved a fruitless acquisition, Sherlock tossed it aside and pulled a wine opener from the artillery of cookware tucked away in his antlers. This proved a better fit for the job, breaking the root into crumbles after a few minutes of determined jabbing.
That was an hour ago, and he was only now unlocking the front door of 221B Baker Street - cold, hungry, and alone on a holiday that is meant to be filled with warmth, food, and togetherness.
Sherlock sprinted through the trees for quite some time. He wanted to put as much space between himself and fawn territory as possible, just in case Moosecroft had attempted to follow.
He was so mesmerized with the porch light, he didn’t notice the small button next to the door that his tail was pressing lightly against. Sherlock’s tail waggled a bit and pressed against the doorbell, causing it to ring loudly. Sherlock gave a bleat of surprise and stumbled backwards, not minding the steps that lead up to the porch. He tumbled down the steps, landing hard on the rough ground below.
The light next to the door was unlike any Sherlock had ever seen before. It was definitely not fire, nor was it the light of a glow worm (these were the two forms of light utilized by the fawns). It was connected to the wall by the door. Perhaps the light came out of the wall? That seemed unlikely since the wall was made of wood. Perhaps it was magic? But the humans had no way of learning fawn magic, and Sherlock was certain they had no magic of their own. Sherlock stood tall as he could, bringing his face close to the light.
Just as the hint of wooziness dawned on John’s consciousness, Sherlock took a pointed final draw of blood and gently removed his fangs from John’s arm. Somehow it hurt more to have them taken out than it had when they had first pierced the skin, and John gave a shudder at the momentary pain. Sherlock laved his tongue over the puncture wounds and the skin miraculously healed over, leaving behind a familiar pair of raised bumps.
“No… I mean, not really.” John shrugged his answer cordially. “They itch a bit. Just a mild discomfort.”
In the days that passed after their meeting, John and Sherlock each found himself to be extremely pleased with the other’s company. Despite the obvious differences between the two, they seemed to fit in comfortably with one another, like pieces of a puzzle.
“There is something you don’t know about me.” Sherlock began, each word sounding as if it could be his last. John listened, focused deep in his friend’s eyes. “I don’t know how to explain it, I don’t know how you’d believe me. But right now I need your help.”
Sherlock knew he was a disappointment to his brother. He didn’t really mind; Moosecroft was an idiot like all the rest. In fact, in Sherlock’s mind Moosecroft’s high ranking in the council and decorated fur made him the biggest idiot of all.
“Blood bags, from the morgue.” Sherlock replied. “Tastes like death, but it’s enough to sustain me night to night.”
“Now you let it steep.” The fawn nodded and watched his mug as if it were about to reveal the cure to cancer, should one look closely enough.
“Moran…” The word croaked out with a rush of coughed blood. “Sebastian… he’s going to end you.” With that, the elder man fell limply to the floor.
As the pair went outside, John put on his gardening hat. Sherlock, ever opinionated, had announced upon first seeing the gardening hat that it was “stupid”. The idea of needing a specific hat for gardening confused the fawn. “Does wear hat help plants grow?” he had asked John the first day.
“I know you.” John took one of Sherlock’s hands into his smaller ones, relishing the warm life he felt within the pale skin. “I trust you, and I…” John turned his face away, failing to hide his blush from the world’s most observant eyes. “I care about you.”
Sherlock started down at the palm of his hand with a distant gaze. “I don’t want to be a monster.” The faint confession sounded like the words of a child.
“I’m going to need to stitch this,” he explained to the creature before him. “Stay here and I’ll get my medical kit.” Sherlock nodded his understanding and waited patiently as John disappeared into the other room.
Antlerson was nearly finished laying out the ceremonial flower crowns when he was stopped in his tracks by a troubling sight.
“Perhaps it is similar to how you can never resist eating seed cakes?” Sherlock coldly retorted, his tone harsh, even in the beautiful language spoken by the fawns. “Or is that also one of your ceremonial duties as head of the fawn council?”
Sherlock tried to think of anywhere he knew that would be appropriate. While he knew much of the land beyond fawn territory, Sherlock could not think of anywhere where he would be safe from discovery or attack.
John took a deep breath (when had he stopped breathing?) and nodded resolutely. “Anything.” Sherlock’s calmness flickered for a stunned moment – just an instantaneous blip of disbelief that most would be too unobservant to register. But John could see and observe. “Of course I’d do anything for you, Sherlock.”
“Do you know and you’re just not telling me?” John finally asked on a lazy Tuesday when both men were lounged in the sitting room long past noon, Sherlock in his blue silk dressing gown and John in his simple flannel nightwear.
“This is a tea bag.” John opened a packet of Twinings and transferred the contents into outstretched furry hands. The curious fawn immediately held the bag to his nose, inhaling intently.
The reactions of revolted pity that dawned at the sight of the bite marks made for an image that John would never forget. But truly, they were nowhere near as grotesque as the horrendous expression of shameful dismay on Sherlock’s features as the broken man allowed himself to succumb to his own self-doubts in the light of John’s feigned revulsion. John may have only caught a glimpse of the hurt in Sherlock’s eyes, but it was enough to cement his resolve to love the man for a lifetime.
“You.” Sherlock admitted, as if his desire were a sacrament. “I want you in my life. But it’s not just that. I want you in... in my...”
All the haughty indifference fell from Moosecroft’s expression and he immediately turned to investigate. Indeed, the roots of the sacred tree were letting off a soft and ebbing glow.
At this, Sherlock looked up from what he was doing, lips drawn in a tense line. “I’m sure it’s nothing,” he replied curtly, sounding very much unlike himself.
John was the first to narrow the space between them, shuffling forward with an extended hand. Sherlock considered for a moment, a swarm of details passing his mind.
“Come here…” John turned his friend away from the carnage of the room, pulling them close enough together that he could feel each exhale from breath as it left Sherlock’s lips. John tore a piece from the sleeve of his own shirt and took Sherlock’s hands in his, using the ripped fabric to wipe away the blood, one long finger at a time. “It’s going to be okay.”
Every iota of Sherlock’s visage was awestruck. His bottom lip trembled and the backlog of tears began to slowly escape his eyes. “John… you… you don’t know. Once you know… you could never… you don’t know what I am…”
“No fair!” John called out, smile betraying his attempted crossness. “You can’t just push me in the lake!”
Starkly visible in the center of the otherwise empty room was a tall light stand, much like what John would expect to see on a film set or stage. At the core of the fixture was an intense bulb connected to a portable generator, which shone a strong beam of light to the floor below. Curled up in the center of the light’s path and seemingly immobilized was a visibly agonized Sherlock Holmes.
John returned and hour and a half later with a trunk full of groceries and a few other purchases. Much to his happiness, the cabin appeared to still be standing. John’s anxiety about leaving Sherlock alone in the cabin had grown on him with every minute he was away. God only knows what destruction the fawn would be capable of if left to his own devices long enough.
“That should do.” John removed his bag after an appropriate steeping time. Sherlock did the same. “And now you add sugar or cream, if you like. Everyone takes theirs a little differently.”
There was another shuffle of movement and a soft cry of pain. By now John’s eyes had better adjusted to the darkness and he was able to see out farther. His eye was drawn to a small, huddled figure that was trying to pull itself away. It looked like some sort of animal, and it was obviously hurt. John’s heart immediately softened. He rushed in the house, setting down his revolver and grabbing a blanket.
“Well, I saw his website, The Science of Deduction, and I am positive it’s all just a big hoax. Just looking for attention.”
Sherlock surveyed the ruined plants, his heart filled with sadness. John cared so much about those plants, even if it was a silly thing to care about. Sherlock had never really bothered with caring about the things that others cared about. Somehow, John was different. Sherlock couldn’t bear to see him so disappointed. If only Sherlock had the right materials he could use his magic to fix them… but he would have to wander far off into the forest to gather what he needed. He didn’t want to leave John alone when he was upset.
Hope you enjoyed Chapter 7! I am hoping to get up Chapters 8 and 9 in the next few weeks! If you would like to keep posted about updates follow my tumblr. I am johnlockhedgehog149 there as well :) Thank you for reading! Let me know what you think.
John and Sherlock were tired out after their adventurous day. They just barely managed to finish eating dinner before falling asleep in front of the telly. Despite his garden being ruined, John could honestly say that he had just enjoyed one of the happiest days of his life thus far. He had a feeling it had been one of the happiest for Sherlock as well.
“John, you know I cleaned out those maggots days ago.” Sherlock didn’t even bother to look up from his work, clearly enthralled with whatever reaction he was witnessing.
On this particular evening there was to be a meeting of the fawn council. These meetings were held quite often- nearly every week. Despite the relatively steady weekly and occasionally bi-weekly occurrences of the fawn council meetings, Moosecroft and the other fawns treated each one as if it was a rare, precious happening. Why treat such a common thing as a unique anomaly? Everything seemed to be a reason for a fawn council meeting. Is it too sunny? Fawn council meeting. Is it too rainy? Fawn council meeting. Is Moosecroft in the mood to flaunt his high ranking in the fawn community and ramble on for an adoring audience, all while using the occasion as an excuse to add to his already fat appearance by eating seed cakes from the refreshments table? Fawn council meeting.
Moosecroft and the other fawns worshipped the forest spirits as if they were actual beings. For centuries fawn pottery and art had depicted horned beings that towered into the heavens, overlooking the forest below them with watchful and all-knowing eyes.
“Sherlock is not a hoax!” John said a bit louder than he had intended, feeling his anger heat up into a boil.
John stepped into Sherlock’s space without preamble and cradled the pale man’s sharp cheekbones in his smaller hand. “That isn’t someone like you.” The statement was an insistence, a command. “I don’t know what exactly it is that you are, but I know that any being that would take my life so heinously, be they human or not, is nothing like you. And I won’t have you compare yourself to them, even if you are the same in… breed.” John winced at his own choice of word. “Or whatever the proper term would be. I mean no offense to you, truly.”
“Then why wear hat for when garden? Is no point. Garden hat is stupid.” Sherlock had been sitting in a patch of grass, arms crossed grumpily.
Things immediately went back to the way they had always been – daytime pouts and nighttime cases, not gay pining and married-to-the-work obliviousness. John made tea while Sherlock dissected a tumor-ridden small intestine at the kitchen table. There was no change, really – save the fact that John Watson lay awake each night, hand shaking with a desperate ache to bury itself in soft raven curls, his mind lost in a desperate ponder over the meaning of deep baritone words.
“How did you…” John repeated stupidly, hand gesturing vaguely at the newly revived plants. The befuddled army doctor’s fingers landed on a leaf of his prized tomato plant, pausing to feel the texture of the veins laced throughout the greenery. “How is this possible?”
John initiated a gentle tug and soon Sherlock was being led away from the sitting room, down the hallway to his own bed. John let go long enough to pull back the covers - a well loved wool throw bunched with an assortment of fine silk sheets. John guided Sherlock down into the welcoming softness, and oh was it lovely after the pain and violence of the night.
Sherlock’s lips parted in a tiny exhale of surprise at the touch, his miraculous eyes looking from where John’s hand was in his, to the army doctor’s concerned midnight blue gaze. “John was supposed to be in sleep.”
“Fawn magic.” The words were almost inaudible as they fell from Sherlock’s lips. John’s eyes fell on Sherlock once again, considering him for a silent moment.
“Listen to me…” John instructed with care, allowing his finger to travel up and along a sharp cheekbone before pulling away. “Let’s get you out of here. Let’s get you home, and then we’ll figure out…” John gestured about with vague frustration. “… all of this. Whatever this is, we’ll figure it out.” John stood and offered his hand to Sherlock – a promise. “Like we always do - you and me, together.”
“What is money?” John’s hand was already in his pocket, having anticipated the follow-up question. He pulled a bill and some coins from the wadded up change, holding them out for Sherlock to see. “Some money is paper like this,” he explained as he flattened out the bill. “And some of the smaller-valued money comes as coins.” Sherlock’s furred hand went straight for one of the coins, eyes wide as he examined them.
John had worn his jumpers religiously since he returned from the war, keeping a thick layer of fabric between his scar and the world. This was the first time, outside of showering and dressing himself, that he had been shirtless since his return.
“Head Councilfawn!” At the call Moosecroft drew away from overseeing the placement of the seedcakes.
Despite having only known Sherlock for a few odd minutes, John was immediately concerned. “You… they sent you away? Why did they do that?” Sherlock’s eyes shone with a flash of anger. “Other fawns hate Sherlock.” he spat out. “Sherlock is freak of forest.”
The elder man, teetering on the edge of consciousness, turned his focus back to Sherlock. John wondered, in that moment, what the man was thinking as he took in the clear and present emotions on Sherlock’s face.
Sherlock spent his days exploring forbidden parts of the forest, beyond where the fawns were supposed to roam. There he experimented with fawn magic and searched for ways to cure his ever-present boredom.
“I can see that.” John had never been more confused in his life. Clearly this was evident on his face, as Sherlock saw need to further explain.
“May I borrow some of your skin cells?” Sherlock interrupted, focused fully on his microscope once again. “I need them for comparison, to see how they react differently from my own.”
John winced at the men’s cruel words and felt a twinge in his heart at the thought that this type of treatment was likely not uncommon for Sherlock. Anger roiling in his gut, the short man took a pointed step forward, only to be stopped by his companion’s arm. “Stay. Behind. Me.” Sherlock growled under his breath, no question in the strength with which he held the soldier back.
The first time John noticed it was roughly a week after he had initially moved into 221b. There was a slight itch near the ankle of his left foot. John had to crane his leg at an awkward angle to investigate, and when he did he was utterly puzzled by what he found. There were two raised bumps, approximately an inch apart. They almost looked like bug bites, but they were too large and far too perfectly spaced.
The fawn’s eyes widened and John could have sworn he could see some blush underneath the spotted brown fur on his cheeks. “I only wish I knew what that was… Christ, Sherlock. That shouldn’t be possible. That… how was that possible? You just… gave them life.” John let his gaze peruse the plants in question once again, shaking his head with the broadest of smiles on his face. All the while his fingers absent-mindedly pet at the fur on Sherlock’s hand.
John set down his mug. “You know, I don’t really know. It just is.” Of course Sherlock wouldn’t see the point to the hallmark of everyday British existence. “It’s just… very nice, I guess. And it’s something people do every day.”
“Was that you playing the violin?” John asked as he sat down. A quick worried, vulnerable look flashed over Sherlock’s face before he coldly replied, “Obviously it was me. I am the only person on this block who owns a violin, not to mention is capable of playing one.” This very Sherlock response didn’t phase John for a moment. “What was that you were playing Sherlock?”
Most interesting to John were the creature’s hands- unlike the hooves on its legs, the creature had the hands of a human, only different in that they too were furred. “What are you?” John wondered as he stared at the creature in awe.
Outside the thick curtains of Sherlock’s window the sun was alight, and the bustle of the morning’s goings on could be heard from the streets below. The rest of the world, so far removed from Sherlock’s existence, was turning like the cogs of an old and overworked machine.
John filled up the kettle and put it on the stove, making sure his actions were visible to his audience. It was as if John could see his friend taking notes in thin air, pen wielded by his intense gaze.
“John. John.” The fawn repeated John’s name a few times, quickly getting the hang of saying the syllable. “Hello John.” he proudly announced. “Is nice to meet.” Sherlock tried to stick his arm out for a handshake but immediately gave a small cry of pain. John immediately approached Sherlock, reaching for the injured arm. Sherlock backed away, holding his arm protectively.
“Fawns stay far away from humans. Live in far forest, in fawn territory.” Sherlock explained. “Never go where people can see.” John finished tying the bandage and admired his work. Then he put his supplies back in the medical kit and set it aside, sitting next to Sherlock on the couch.
After a few long moments, John managed to regain control of his faculties enough to slowly creep – yes, he was creeping, like a small child sneaking through the house in the night – his way around the back of the cabin. The sight that met him there was unlike anything he ever could have imagined, let alone expect to witness with his own eyes.
Gradually the huffs and chuckles died out, leaving a comfortable silence in place of the impassable tension from only minutes before.
“Come here, you git.” John pillowed Sherlock’s head in his lap, expecting the aloof man to pull away from such an overtly sentimental gesture. Much to John’s surprise, Sherlock relaxed into the closeness and allowed his face to burrow into the soft fabric of John’s jumper. Taking this as encouragement, and recognizing that a moment of such vulnerability may never rise again, John allowed his hand to gentle Sherlock’s raven curls.
“You hid yourself because you thought I’d be afraid.” Sherlock nodded at John’s understanding. “You tried to hold back, but you couldn’t, you never do anything in halves. So you drank from me at night, when I was sleeping.”
Sherlock looked down at his violin as if it was an alien object he had never seen before, and looked back at John. Without breaking eye contact, he slowly brought the instrument up to his chin and placed the bow on the strings. John nodded, and Sherlock closed his eyes and began to play.
It took a full month for the tumor-laden small intestine to find itself plopped in the hazardous waste bin, replaced with a fresh and youthful gangrene-ridden toe. During this time, John had completed one pulp fiction mystery novel (Sherlock deduced the ending from the cover), four crossword puzzles (Sherlock had provided approximately twenty answers without so much as looking at the page), and three increasingly aggravated rows with the left-most chip and pin machine (John was banned from Tesco’s for thirty days).
“Sherlock spy for listen to people speak. Taught self from what hear.”  John was immediately impressed. He would never have imagined such an animal-like creature to be so intelligent.
As soon as this was said, all that had not been staring at Sherlock were turned to look at him. Sherlock’s face set in the cold, blank expression he used as a barrier between himself and the world. He immediately knew this would not be good.
Opening up the cupboards and fridge, John realized that he desperately needed to pick up a few things from the store. They were out of pasta and bread, cheese, milk, and most importantly Cheerios, the lack of which Sherlock would be dismayed to discover upon waking. John decided to leave Sherlock a note and head out to town to grab the things they needed.
John Watson was not as slow as people thought him to be. It took less than an instant for all the pieces to fall in place, for him to wholly see and understand Sherlock’s improbable reality. It made John’s heart ache for Sherlock just as much as it terrified every rational cell in John’s body. But John Watson was never a man to back down in fear, even when faced with the impossible – and truly, none of this should be possible. John resolved to set aside the impending and quite frankly unsettling realignment of his worldview for another time and place.  All that mattered was Sherlock.
John re-wrapped his bandage while a seemingly oblivious Sherlock extracted the pronator teres from the forearm of his disembodied specimen, taking slow and exact care to keep the muscle intact.
“Why do you care so much that I attend this meeting? You’ve never been bothered by my absence before. In fact, I think the rest of the council prefers it.”
Just when John thought he couldn’t crawl any farther the shrubs ended, and John found himself in the most gorgeous clearing he had ever seen. To the north was a hillside covered with various fruit and berry-bearing plants. To the south was a lovely shaded grassy area surrounding a gorgeous lake filled with pristine water.
“That’s all his lot is good for.” The elder of the men replied with a gruff chortle. “Squirming as they burn in God’s light.”
“You aren’t one.” John spoke clearly as their lips parted. “You are so many things, Sherlock Holmes.” John rested his forehead against Sherlock’s and caressed his fingers over the thick fabric of the Belstaff, uncaring that it was splattered with another man’s blood. “Brilliant. Beautiful. Infuriating, at times. But never a monster.”
And oh, the look in Sherlock’s eyes. Because it always came down to that look, that disbelief, that wonder of
Sherlock focused John in the firing line of his scrutinizing gaze, mind visibly calculating as if the conversation were a high-stakes game of chess. “And if that were true?” Sherlock questioned softly, a tentative move.
Thanks for waiting everyone! More chapters coming as soon as I can write them! I hope this brightens everyone's day, and thanks from the bottom of my heart for reading!
Sherlock’s nod seemed all the more pronounced, given his antlers. “Is powers from the spirits of forest. Fawns take an oath. Humans are not supposed to know.”
“WELL THAT’S BECAUSE YOU ALL ARE IDIOTS!” John hadn’t meant to say that out loud, or to shout it so loudly. Before he could reassure Sarah’s family that practically everyone was an idiot, he found himself alone on the front porch with only a slammed door in his face to be thankful for, and a long, cold walk home to savor the taste of.
“John was take too long for get in. Sherlock was help.” The fawn said as he kicked about on his back. John splashed Sherlock as hard as he could and laughed when the fawn smiled and splashed back in return. All thoughts of the scar on his shoulder were replaced with blissful happiness as John allowed himself to have fun in the lake with his friend.
John smiled. Somehow, hearing Sherlock ask what something is had become John’s new favorite sound. Luckily for him, he got to hear it quite often.
“I couldn’t do what John does – putting up with someone who doesn’t have feelings.” John visibly tensed when the words came out of Sarah’s mouth. She had met Sherlock – how could she say he didn’t have feelings? John couldn’t come up with a response, as a protective anger began to simmer in the pit of his stomach.
“It’s a comment from the blog.” John explained, holding his mobile for the stone-still detective to see. “I posted a photo of my mystery bites and some whackjob in the comment section is alleging that I’ve been repeatedly bitten by a vampire.”
“Sherlock?” Releasing his grip from the fence, John took a few cautious steps forward and knelt beside his increasingly improbable friend. “What… what is this?”
“Give me… your arm.” John slowly extended his left arm into Sherlock’s trembling hands. Pale fingers undid the cuff of John’s shirt and rolled back the sleeve, exposing the skin of John’s forearm to the cold air.
“Your food’s going to get cold.” John said as he munched his eggs from across the table. Sherlock realized he had quietly been thinking for some time. He looked down at the plate of food with interest.
A series of cassette tapes recorded in code had led the consulting duo on a zigzag tour of the bowels of London. As was common in such a riveting case, Lestrade and his team had been left in the dust of the chase long ago, and were just as likely to catch up to Sherlock as John was to get a decent night’s sleep in the near future.
“Well… yes, I suppose.” John’s tea had turned out perfectly, and he couldn’t help but be pleased as he indulged in a few sips of that perfection.
Sherlock suddenly looked flustered, looking at John with a strange uncertainty in his eyes. “It was… an original composition.”
“It was the most beautiful thing I have ever heard.” Sherlock looked at John with an expression of awe, as if he had just discovered to meaning of life. After a long moment, he took a breath and softly replied “I’m glad you enjoyed it.”
It was Sherlock’s turn to breathe and nod, revelations and fear shining in the pale non-color of his eyes. “I need your blood, John.”
Fuck it. John grabbed a chunk of crumbled stone from the ground, shielding Sherlock with his own body and taking aim with the precision of a marksman. The rock shattered the bulb of the light and the filament within, generating a magnificent spark that shot its way along the cord, frying the generator in a burst of smoke.
John relaxed back into the couch with a contented sigh. He felt comfortable, he realized. He felt comfortable within himself. He felt confident even, good looking. He was happy to be in his own skin. It had been so long since John had felt this way.
An idea popped into Sherlock’s head. His ears perked up with excitement, and he quickly made his way back into the house. John was sitting in his armchair reading the morning paper, his face set in a frown.
What a stupid fool he had been to think he could walk about without a shirt. What a stupid, pathetic, idiotic fool. He couldn’t go without something to hide this… this monstrosity that covered his shoulder. His skin was marred, proof that he was broken. That he was useless and undesirable. This is why John needed to live in the woods, away from the rest of the world. Because it was easier, it was easier for him to not be seen by others. He could exist on his own and never worry about how others would react to seeing his body.
Sherlock had not told John how strongly enchanted this area of the forest was. When Sherlock had discovered it on one of his explorations outside of the fawn territory he had been astounded by the fact that none of the other fawns knew of a place where magic thrived so potently. Nearly all the plants had some magical use. Sherlock had spent much time experimenting here, discovering the many uses of the berries and leaves. Even the roots of some of the plants and the dirt they grew in had magical properties.
“The last meeting was held so members of our community could voice their concerns and complaints regarding the behavior of Sherlock Holmes.”
Some silent time passed – the sort of settling of being that came naturally after such violence and intensity. John watched the reflection of the moon billow in the water as the boat drifted along, all echoed by the calm and predictable splash of water along the skiff’s hull.
Sherlock snorted in amusement when he saw the table, laid out with seed cakes for after the meeting. He could just see his brother’s face covered with the sweet berry topping and he gobbled them down.
The street is suddenly full of screaming, running footsteps, luckily noises of struggle as someone pulls the gun from the attacker, kicks him to the ground, and someone is there, with John and Sherlock, trying to help, trying to see where they are hit.
Irene Adler breaks the tension by starting on the similarities between him and the disguise. He tries to look politely intrigued in turn.
Sherlock is up on his knees and elbows again, swaying gently and pleading no, no, no, no into the pillow.
“We oft are. Have been ever since you decided it would be a good idea to start writing about our cases and publishing them in the world wide web for everyone to see. The question, however, is: why am
It takes six months for them to hear from her again. Six months of staring at the phone and attempting to will the passcode out of it, for it to magically just give up its secrets, let Sherlock know if he finally won or lost and allow him to sleep his nights in peace. John begins to comment on the bags under his eyes and sigh at his uneaten breakfast-lunch-dinner that has been sitting there for hours.
Sherlock touches the wall above his head, hoping that on the other side of it John is sleeping soundly and without nightmares of men exploding to pieces over mines or IEDs.
He finds Sherlock in the bedroom. Which is cold. Because the window is open. Because Sherlock is an idiot.
blame yourself for this. If anything, we should be thankful that you appeared in his life. You saw the symptoms, you called us, you did the right thing. And when it comes to the hallucinations, he has had them for years, far longer than is typical. In his case, I’d recommend medication as well as ECT.”
John, huffing and puffing his frustration at Sherlock not letting him in before, walks briskly through the door and crouches over the body.
He twines their fingers together and leads on towards the single Chinese restaurant on the street. The lad behind the counter perks up when he sees potential customers approach.
Sherlock reads John’s blog when he doesn’t notice. Even though he leaves snarky comments to tell everyone he couldn’t care less, he actually spends a considerable amount of time poring over every word. He reads John’s notes on the Baskerville case especially hard, analysing every tone, every shift in his storytelling to find out how much others will gather from it about what happened in Dartmoor, how much John himself understood about it.
Sherlock hopes it will not come to that. John crouching over him while his brains leak out, or his blood bubble out of his intestines, or every bone in his body broken, or his hair wet from the Thames water and skin covered in seaweed. Or in the worst case scenario, everything all at once.
He glares at John, places the folder with its contents on the table when he sees John has something to say.
He can’t go to a hospital. A gun wound would raise too many questions and associating with a spy even more.
“So in all the years you’ve been a consulting detective, you’ve never considered that perhaps if a suspect pushes you in the Thames or drops a piece of evidence in a pool, you would - in the worst case scenario - drown?”
So they sit down for tea and biscuits and a briefing of what seems to be the biggest threat against the nation at the moment.
“But… if he created these… these people and only really got ill when we met, then it’s because of me, he hasn’t been ill before he met me ---“
He dreaded the day they had to start drinking Postum or some other horrendous mixture, and only because his brother had deemed other supplies more important than a decent quantity of quality coffee.
“We cut it down after Sherlock climbed in it and broke his leg when he was seven. Nasty business. The tree was hollow throughout. It was dangerous.”
He walked to the desk, making sure not to even glance towards the fireplace, and sat down in one of the chairs facing the older Holmes, who at the moment looked both mildly surprised as well as ecstatic by his actions. His brother, when he joined them to sit by John’s right after a moment’s silence, looked only immensely irritated and sat like a petulant child with his arms crossed over his chest, slouching in his chair with his gangly legs spread out in front of him.
At the clank of the letterbox, Sherlock trudges downstairs to see whether the taxidermy supplies he ordered have finally arrived. No parcel in sight (he is really going to call that company and tell them off), he grabs the few letters with a huff and makes his way back upstairs.
“Why, Sherlock! I have never seen you eat so much,” Mrs Holmes exclaimed one evening when they were having their supper.
Every soldier had lost someone, a brother or a father on the battlefield, a mother, a sister, or a lover on the home front. Death was everywhere, not just in the trenches where men shivering with the cold and fear cried themselves to sleep but at home too, in towns and villages plagued by bombs and the sound of the air raid siren that could go off at any moment without warning. The people lay in their beds, some of them dreamt, some of them were too afraid to even fall asleep. Until now, John had been one of the first, unable to sleep soundly but still sleeping, dreaming of the dead and waking up to the feeling of regret for being still alive himself, falling back to sleep with tears streaming down his cheeks.
Continuing lack of cases would most likely drive John to tear his (and Sherlock’s) hair out in clumps. But today John has had a good night’s sleep and a good day at work, and he is ready to face altogether hale and hearty Sherlock with whatever he may have to offer. Sherlock, too, has had a good day at the Yard pestering Lestrade and even getting a few teeth grinds from Anderson. He returns to Baker Street in good humour and is greeted by a flying crosswords puzzle. So he has something to do for the remainder of the evening, says John who hopes that finishing the puzzle and mocking him for the mistakes he has made will keep Sherlock quiet and himself from shucking anything harder than a paper at him.
But when Mrs Holmes wanted something, she also got it. Before she retired to her bedroom for her short kip, she had driven Mycroft into a corner with her insistence, the Wednesday next was agreed on, and Mycroft had no choice but to surrender. The evening ended with him losing spectacularly to his brother, who captured almost all of his pieces before taking pity and checkmating his king.
Like all men of war who spend enough time with each other in close quarters, they learned everything there was to know about the other in a matter of months. John talked constantly, told Sherlock stories about his childhood and his family, and after a while Sherlock found himself speaking as well, cradling a mug of tea between his palms, talking about some mischief he had caused to Mycroft on a trip to their grandparents’ summer house in Bournemouth when he was five years old.
Before that it was him who asked for it. Begged John to help him when it seemed like John would leave him to hunt the Chinese gangsters alone in order to “get off” with Sarah.
The winds had suddenly turned after November rains were over, bringing with them icy rain and more mist that buried everything for weeks. The sea did not freeze over, but it became cold enough overnight for ice to form over the rocky beach, making everything slippery.
In 30 seconds Sherlock is glad he has. When the windows come crashing in and he himself flies across the room, at least John is somewhere safe and sound.
“That’s how I knew you cared. You came to see me, even though it must have made you mad with boredom, doing nothing all day for weeks on end.”
John went still and his fists loosened. Sherlock could see the crescent shapes of his nails on his open palms.
“I hope you know what you are doing,” Mycroft whispered to him from his side of the table, glaring at the chess board from which Sherlock had just snatched his queen.
“But,” Sherlock continues, “I think it couldn’t be too awful if you accompanied me. I’m sure there will be food as well.”
“I don’t smoke excessively,” Sherlock lists. “Only when people are annoying. I don’t put unlabelled body parts in the fridge… anymore. I cook. Sometimes.”
“Doctor Watson,” Mycroft Holmes’ voice boomed from across the room, startling him again. “Please close the door.”
Sherlock dives in to his pocket and pulls out his lighter along with a cigarette, lights it and allows the woman to light hers from the hot end.
It’s too good to be true, this chance of being close to John like this, and it is disturbed all too early by a cough from the door. John blushes, Sherlock can feel it radiating from him though he can’t see John’s face, but he does see Lestrade’s and it looks like he is enjoying himself as much as Sherlock was while he was still sprawled on the floor alone with John.
But John does not reach for the Sig. His hand goes to Sherlock’s left, allowing his right to stay on the gun, and raises the hand to his face.
“I’m only chopping tomatoes. Nothing new or fancy about that,” says John, his lips pursing out in concentration when he accidentally squishes one quarter of the veg into a mush.
No reason to leave behind bloody footprints and give the Yarders more reasons to call him heartless.
The single good thing to come out of this is that John is watching the telly with him, actually talking to him (at least a little), as they watch the news about the events the next morning, the story completely fabricated by the right authorities.
John wrings the towel again and slides it over Sherlock’s trembling jaw. Scooting down the bed, John gets back under the covers and puts the towel against Sherlock’s neck. He presses his hand on Sherlock's face to sooth the trembles away with his fingers.
Usually this tone would have been awarded with a dazzling smile from any of the other nurses, even Nurse Ford, but now she glanced behind herself and leaned in to whisper, her voice hurried and far from flirty,
John’s smile grew wider and wider as the tale progressed, and to his surprise Sherlock realised he was smiling too. Not the devilish grin he usually had on when thinking about the ways he had succeeded in torturing his older brother, but a genuine, bright smile. It spread a warmth inside him, slithered from his mouth all the way to his toes.
She grasps his arms desperately and when he lets go her eyes are red and she is sniffling violently. He offers her a tissue, kisses her forehead and is out of the door.
Mycroft has a text alert on his posts but with a little bit of luck he is busy and won’t have enough time to figure out which pool he means.
Shaking his head, Sherlock begins to collect his papers. Jim be damned, he can find his own way back to the dorm.
John comes home and Sherlock plays his violin until he falls asleep in his chair. He has tried to talk about her, trying to ask the questions Sherlock doesn’t know the answers to himself. So when John is finally snoring with the back of his head resting heavily against the chair, Sherlock takes his phone and texts her a New Year’s greeting. Then he slides the glass of whiskey slowly out of John’s grip, takes a sip and pretends he can taste John’s lips on the glass.
After a moment of silence, Jim stops his snuffling and moves up to balance on his elbow to give Sherlock space.
“I promise you,” says John and drapes a blanket over Sherlock’s chilly toes, “that I will both love you
John moves from his spot at the table where he has stopped to look at one of the articles and on his way to the fridge he glances towards Sherlock’s bedroom. Lifting his eyes, he sees Sherlock staring at him and blushes crimson.
"45 Kings Road, London house number NW39." Sherlock laid out the matter of factly as he read the address from the files within his hands.
His chest cavity was ripped, his ribs snapped and shoved outward to be shown clearly, the supposed to be white bones were decorated with dots of dark blood splattered all across each ripped apart rib. All organs of which should be filled in the space between the ribs were gone all of which besides the heart. The heart had a green thorny vine wrapped tightly around the outside, squeezing the heart so it looks like it was going to pop at any moment. At the top of the heart rested a bright vibrant flower that was gently placed so that it was directly in the middle. Similarly, the whole chest cavity was filled to the brim with outlandish flowers of which I had never seen before in my life.
"Oh, it will be." The voice muffled as his mine focused more on the covered dead man in front of him, rather than how much his voice is projecting to someone who already could probably already guess what they were saying. Star gazed he walked closer to the body, slightly already bending down to inspect the black wrinkled plastic. The only thing in his way from inspecting the mystery that is the man who died from bee stings. Sherlock tilted his head up giving a soft glance, one that Molly instantly recognized and bringing her hand up to the top of the zipper, grabbing the silver handle as she pulls it back. The recognizable sound of a zipper being drawn back flowed throughout the entire room, complete silence being broken the noise of promise. The noise of adventure.
