"How was I supposed to know--"
At that, everyone burst out laughing, each of them having seen and been utterly disturbed by the sashes, bows, and notions adorning the wallpapers, drapes, and furnishings in the master suite.
“I disagree. A collectible gun is not worth getting killed over.”
Jessica entered and walked around the desk in order to peer at the small pile of post Dean had accumulated.
By the time the second ambulance arrived and insisted on taking Castiel away, he was feeling light headed from pain and exhausted from the adrenaline drop. At least at that point the place was swarming with APD, Bastrop County sheriffs, and Bastrop police. Even his lieutenant had arrived, unshaven and grumpy from the early hour, to collect Castiel's gun and badge and see to the paperwork.
"Lucifer is an archangel, too. They are brothers and as ambitious as it seems for Michael to be ruling Heaven, you must know that Lucifer's ambition has always eclipsed everyone else's. Without God around what's to stop him from ruling Heaven as well as Hell?"
"It's me, Bobby. I'm back."
Castiel drove toward downtown, interested to see how the meeting with Milton would go, but even more interested to see if his facial rec guy had gotten a match on the reflection. Cas was willing to lay fifty to two-fifty that was his shooter. Before he hit 12
“No, he’s right. In Heaven I am a multidimensional wavelength of celestial intent. If my wings were visible in Heaven, they would be multi-colored and luminous.” Castiel turned to Sam, specifically. “Only exiles have black wings,” he explained.
Just to be sure, Dean checked the drawer where Sam kept his old cellphones he saved as backups in case his Samsung gave out. They were sitting there. Dean booted each one up to see if Sam maybe left Dean a message of some kind. Nada.
“The girls at the hospital say this place has the tippy-toppest necessary room in the whole city!” Eileen grinned.
has likely convinced her father to stock it generously, indeed.”
Robert Singer stood to greet Lord Milton, and when he was ten degrees into a bow, Gabriel waved him off. “Please don’t. There’s no one here to see you being so proper, Mr. Singer. Ah. I see your eyes are open, Mr. Smith. I’ve got something here you might want.”
“Did you make it too hot?” Dean asked, before giving the rope a gentle tug to allow the cistern to trickle a thin stream of cold water in to temper the bath.
"Oh really?"
"You brought Silla to pick me up?" Claire asked by way of greeting.
Double-checking his pocket for the money and taking a moment to empty his coins from his dirty trousers into his clean ones, Dean realized he needed his dirty clothes laundered. He wrapped the clothes together into the shirt and stopped at the concierge desk. His bundle reminded him there were two shelled ocean critters biding their time within Eileen’s picnic blanket, and Dean hoped they survived their sojourn, if only for the startle Sam’s wife could expect at unwrapping the bundle on laundry day. Dean waited while the concierge filled out a laundry order and provided Dean with a receipt. Then Dean asked him about the address on his card, wanting to ascertain if he would need to drive or if it was close enough to walk.
Dean ran a hand through his hair. “As long as the water stays in the pipes, the clay will expand and contract depending on the weather rather than simply break apart. Eventually it will break down, but even so, I assure you that clay would be much less costly to repair than lead.”
The long drive offered plenty of time to make plans and talk about dreams. To Castiel, everything was new. Seeing the world through human eyes for the first time was delightful and exciting. For Dean, watching Castiel discover the joys of the sun on his bare arms, the wind in his hair, and a cold drink sliding down his throat was even more exciting. Love was a heady thing that colored the whole world with a beautiful brush, and the pair of them reveled in it.
Rowena spoke up to show that she was of a similar mind. “Have you come to the estate to reclaim your place, Your Grace? You know we would all support you.”
“I am beholden to the crown,” he began, earning Sam’s interest. Castiel stood square-shouldered with his hands behind his back like the soldier he was and continued, meeting the earnest hazel eyes directly as he spoke. “The crimes that I am paying for are not my own, and although the king dismissed them and released me from all obligations in exchange for my years in the army, his son did not agree with that resolution. In fact the Prince Regent has seized upon your new relationship with him in order to press me back into service.”
Castiel’s grace reared up against going back to Heaven so long as Dean Winchester was on the earth. He felt the sweet tendrils of it beckon to him from Dean’s vest pocket, alive and alert to Castiel’s presence once again since being awakened from Crowley’s spell by Eileen’s gentle reading of its secret name. He felt the tendrils of grace from the ring that nestled against the warmth of Dean’s soul, as though it fit, as though it were natural for an angel and a human to bond.
Once Sam returned, refreshed, from the gentlemen’s room, they walked along the Pleasure Pier to ride the Ferris wheel and the carousel. They discussed the roller coaster. They eyed its twisting wooden tracks as they walked by it. Eileen was eager, but Dean insisted it did not look safe. In the end Dean stayed in carnival row with a ball of cotton candy while Eileen dragged Sam to the rickety death trap.
That night, Castiel felt a twinge of guilt for allowing himself to forget the rest of the business he needed to discuss with his fiancé, but with the warm feeling of Dean’s love deep in his soul, he slept peacefully knowing he would tell his omega about the West Indies tomorrow.
"You know how our old man died, Detective Novak?"
Castiel slid down into the steaming bath with wide eyes, taking in all the features anew. “Ours?”
“Let ‘em. Cas is more important to me than—“
"Dean, when I first laid eyes on you on Friday night, you were having sex with multiple partners."
The lad leaned in close to speak to Castiel confidentially. “Between you an’ me, his grace only said it to keep the omegas from worrying. It’s obvious the escaped lunatic is an alpha.”
Dean told his friend of his dream of a few weeks’ honeymoon with Castiel in the north wing, with occasional forays into the orchard, which should bear fruit by then. They’d fill themselves with each other under the trees and then linger in bed together throughout the mornings.
’. “Can you get us a place out of the way of the band and the spotlight?” Dean asked, his head throbbing from too much sun. The fella in the penguin suit began to sneer, but looking at the fiver folded between Dean’s fingers— one of which wore that pink signet ring— seemed to change his tune. He smiled sycophantically then, pocketed the simoleons, and led the party to a booth along the seaside windows. There wasn’t much of a view of the beach at this time of day, but Dean had seen plenty of it earlier.
The singsong, smarmy voice came at Dean through the darkness. Brady had nearly caught up to him.
...in which everyone lives happily ever after
Charlie's face grew impossibly brighter, and Gabriel whooped and cheered. Even Bobby rapped his knuckles on the table and said, “A truly noble quest indeed.”
Novak gently laid his dog on the floor and got to his feet. Blood stained the man's crisp white shirt and blue slacks. He pulled himself to his full height, only an inch or so shorter than Dean's own 6'1". His eyes were glacier now. The jaw was set so hard that Dean's teeth hurt just looking at him.
Castiel would not face away from Dean, so Dean steered him, walking backward, to the sitting room behind the shop counter, and deposited the alpha onto a sofa.
“No.”
“He is alive, Dean. Do not be sad. Colonel Milton will be home soon,” she whispered to him, ignoring the nursemaid’s presence.
Dean looked to the grandfather clock at the side of the room and nodded. “Yes, that is likely for those globes,” he agreed. “But I was thinking of building this on a smaller scale. I will use the small globes on the mantel. I can rescue some scraps of wood from the stables to encase the mechanism.”
The doctor came and called for more tea and more boiling water and a bottle of whiskey and plenty of rags. Missouri went downstairs to tell the men to get the muslin bandages she had washed and ironed the week before from her shop, and Gabriel went out into the white night to get them.
"--No. No, I want to go with you."
She made to hand it over, but when Cas reached for it she pressed it tight to her chest, "Now, I know what you're going to say."
Castiel felt the hairs rise on the back of his neck when the front door to the place opened at 9:04. The hostess pointed Dean to the bar, and Castiel's eyes nearly fell out of his head at the sight before him.
“Very good, sir. May I interest you in a card game?”
Patience could barely reply; she felt it sufficient to throw her arms around her alpha’s neck and return the earlier stolen kiss.
“I wonder if the household keeps opium on hand. I didn’t think to ask last night because you were so stoic.” He settled the tray on the side of the bed and took up the teapot to pour it.
Cas’ growl deepened into menace before he buried his fist in Dean’s hair, craned his head sharply back, and sucked a bruise into his clavicle. Then, in order to get out of any further interruptions to his intentions, Castiel unbuttoned his own flies and distracted Dean most thoroughly.
“Yes! A quest! A quest!” Gabriel cheered, knocking upon the table.
“Tell me exactly what happened, Dean,” the protective brother growled in his alpha voice.
Castiel didn’t need to jot this in his notebook. So far Dean’s info jibed with his own day’s research.
,” Castiel corrected. It means one hundred years, but more precisely, it’s something you say to brides and grooms at weddings. To wish them a century of joy together.”
“Dean?” came the voice through the door.
ill. I shall send for a physician instantly!” Dean turned to the stairs, but Castiel called to stop him.
“Gabriel sent three boys out. They will find him.” For the first time all day, Castiel looked out the window and noticed that it was snowing very hard, the street lamp in the crossroads had been lit, and it created an ethereal white glow behind the driving snow.
“Chocolate or vanilla?”
Castiel just looked at him. "Dean, it's a crime scene."
Lady Charlie had some success with her electric light machine that day, creating a bright glow that lasted nearly five minutes within a hurricane lantern down by the creek, and she was more determined than ever to figure out how to maintain it indefinitely.
Balthazar rolled his eyes at the unlikely story, and Charlie snatched the note from Gabriel’s hand. Holding it out to Missouri, she said, “Will this be enough to get the supplies Dean’s order requires?”
"Same gun?"
“Add two portions of that meat, if the tray is for the colonel, and I shall take it up myself,” Dean suggested.
Castiel remained silent, seeing there was no reasonable conclusion to such an argument. Instead, he picked at the sand under his thumbnail until the fish course arrived. Then Castiel picked at that, too. He was eager for the vegetable course that was sure to be served next. He had eaten nothing but fish for so long that he barely remembered what vegetables tasted like.
“You’re eating before mass, sir?”
In the kitchen, as Jessica straightened Sam’s cravat for him and selected a rosebud for his lapel, the duke complained that going ahead with the wedding at this point was like shutting the barn door after the cows had all run away, but Missouri shut him up with a stern look and a glance at her granddaughter, who, though less flagrantly, was in much the same boat and blushing about it. Charlie held Patience’s hand unapologetically.
soundtrack. She also had some pretty old material represented: Banarama and The Bangles; Destiny's Child and Salt N Pepa.
Dean had sat rapt listening to them talk at Castiel’s little desk at the front window of their sitting room: What if there is a draught? What if there is too much rain? What if the field hands get sick? What if there is a fire? What if there is blight? What if the animals die? What if Winchester grows beyond its current means? And on and on.
Sam avoided him.
Dean chooses the Chevrolet.
“That is us, Dean. I will never be parted from you of my own free will.”
“I love you too, alpha.”
"I don't know. Around the first week of the tour. He always liked me to call him when I'd be traveling. He was like a sheepdog with us, always herding me and Sam, keeping tabs on us, trying to keep us together all the time."
Castiel squeezed his eyes shut and sighed. “I suppose I was. But please stop calling me ‘Grace;’ you’ve already given Dean the wrong idea. I no longer have any lands, nor rights to any titles, as you well know. I’m not even a soldier anymore, so I’ve nothing but the name I was christened with. I don’t see any of that changing so long as the Regent remains in place.”
Soon enough, a dustman arrived with a barrow of coal. Most of it looked to have been scavenged from other people’s hearths, but it was fine coal, all the same. Missouri watched as the man filled her coal bin and then departed with Gabriel’s money in his hand.
"It would explain why Michael needs his Sword," Cas glances uneasily at Dean.
“That was when he was a duke and heir to this very pile, and I was seventeen and still round from my first babe, though he had died in his crib after living scarce a week.”
“Where does it go?” he asked, entranced once again by the workings of the house.
“It’s customary for me to get you home safe, to make sure you’re alright.”
Dean looked up from admiring the shining lacquer on the carriage with wide eyes and an utterly amazed expression. “You, too, little alpha?”
"Not true. You capture bad guys. Have you caught the murderer, yet?"
Cas approached closer to where she sat on the polished concrete floor of the garage with Silla valiantly trying to sit on her lap and give her a shoulder to cry on.
"Ouch! What the fuck, du-- Cas?"
“Are you trying to pull me into that wet spot, Dean?” Cas asked.
Dean saw the moment when Castiel scented him, when the man’s eyes dilated before drifting closed, when his nostrils flared and his mouth opened slightly, tongue pressed against his palate. Cautiously, Dean watched Castiel’s expression change to hunger, and he prepared to flee, instinct grabbing him despite his good sense telling him that to run meant to be caught.
Castiel took Dean’s hand happily and followed him willingly around a corner into a room that shared the pass-through fireplace with the sitting room they had just vacated. Dean narrated, “This is the washroom,” pointing out a polished wooden tabletop that folded up onto the wall above it to reveal a large copper tub on the floor. The hearth on this side of the room held a kettle as well as a large cauldron, and several flat irons for laundry time. All of the implements were stored in an iron grate in front of the fire so the tools were always hot and ready.
In the end, it was settled that Bobby would join them in the town with Benny and his tools as soon as the smith was well enough to travel. As Benny’s mews had already been bought out from under him because of his failure to pay the tax, he had readily agreed to move to Winchester and blacksmith for the town and castle for a better life than the shitty one he had in the city, prices being what they were. Lord Milton commented that the castle’s forge was in working order because Dean had hammered a few odd pieces in a pinch. Bobby said he was glad to hear Dean hadn’t got too good to lift a hammer, and he mused that there might be room for him and his wagon at Winchester town, as well. Between keeping the castle’s horses shod and doing what barbering and tooth-pulling needs done for the villagers, he would be better off there than wandering incessantly, avoiding the revenue men in the capital. Besides, he thought to himself, Dean and Sam might need him, yet.
"What...?"
Cas laughed. "It was great. She's a wonderful cook."
“Get in me before I embarrass myself,” Dean whispered. Cas manhandled Dean onto his belly then rose up above him, braced on his arm, to kiss Dean senseless again. Castiel’s mouth was hot and wet and wide and perfect, and his tongue on the backs of Dean’s teeth was heavenly. Dean could kiss this man forever. But there was an endgame in mind, and Cas held his cock against Dean’s hole as he ripped open a condom with his teeth. The tease of flesh on flesh before the condom was in place had both their cocks leaking already, and the sweat that collected in Cas’s hairline beaded up and rained sparse sprinkles across Dean’s naked shoulders. Dean was twisted to his left, reaching for Castiel’s mouth like his life depended on each kiss.
“So, you’re telling me the only thing missing is a Polaroid of you and your brother from 1980. In the background of the picture is a framed painting that your grandmother painted of a place called The Hidden Grotto where you believe your great grandfather hid treasure in 1934 when he declared bankruptcy to avoid the IRS. The supposed treasure was amassed in the 1910s and 1920s when the infamous Dr. Baker fleeced a bunch of sick people of their life’s savings.”
“Get out. Mikey, you might wanna come see this,” he called.
Dean gets snowed in.
floor where most of the road crew and band were booked. Benny was there, and man if the manager was freaking about the lobby he must not have seen the 9
“Do you know who I am, lad?” he asked in what he hoped was a friendly manner.
Castiel looked over at his husband, taking in the tied bundle of letters in Dean’s hand. He took them carefully, surprised at the thickness of the stack and leaned away toward the candle to read the words on the top sheaf: “To my dearest husband.”
"Oh God, Cassie. You've really got it bad."
Dean side-eyed Cas. "Couldn't I?"
“It was your husband who sought me out,” he said. “He asked me, ‘You are a doctor, sir?’ And I answered him yes. He asked me ‘You care for these men I see hiding in the tall grass all over there?’ I answered him yes, but I was cautious then. He stood there with his red coat in his hand, and he has a real nice face, your husband. Easy to talk to when he isn’t wearing his red coat. He’s sly, though. He sees me get cautious, your husband, and he bids me good day.
“For a friend of Mr. Crowley’s, one-hundred, sir.”
Dean grins. "It's me. You got a phone I can use? I want to call Sammy."
Once upon a time, the land was filled with love, every alpha had an omega, and every lonely heart had a true mate waiting just for them.
uncle had taken it upon himself to give the Winchester boys a little of what he called “manly schooling” from the time their father died, leaving them on their own. When Dean dared to wonder what gave an itinerant farrier and sometime smith like Bobby Singer the right to school anyone on anything, Bobby’s friend Rufus, who was a hostler on the road toward Winchester, said that Bobby had long ago been a valet to a duke in a castle. Bobby argued that Rufus was full of nonsense, but even so, he was loaded with arcane knowledge about tying cravats and keeping boots shiny and minding one’s manners. Dean saw the lesson Mick was handing him for what it was.
The two of them treaded water and stared at one another, panting lightly and dumbstruck, a pair of lovers at the grotto like so many who had come before them, but each utterly unaware of the other’s lustful fascination.
Dean blushed to the tips of his ears and ducked his head. “Yes.”
“Thank you,” Castiel breathed through his shivers as he stumbled after the cantankerous man.
...in which the mates converse and the scientist is nosy
The road was plowed, snow piled in a high bank on the shoulder. Dean spotted a felled tree in the distance, and he made for it, hoping its length disrupted the bank of snow enough for Esther to breach it and join the road proper.
Dean snorted at the unlikely comparison, but it was cut off by Castiel’s sharp growl and even sharper lurch forward. “Do not insult Dean; do not think the thoughts you are insinuating.” He said it without raising his voice, but he stated the words slowly and deliberately, the deadly intent of the threat in them loud and plain. The alpha growl in his voice caused Dean to back up against the side table and lower his eyes, even though he was not the one being addressed.
“Church this morning, sir?”
...in which the omega receives an upsetting letter
Dean sighed. Boredom threatened to creep in and spoil his contemplation of the cloudless sky as he lay in the thick grass behind the stables. Nearby, Baby munched noisily, and farther off Nova did the same, the soothing sounds of their rhythmic chomping further lulling Dean into a stupor. Daffodils waved gleefully from the banks of the creek, and butterflies and pollen-drunk bees flitted around Dean’s prone form to investigate his brightly embroidered waistcoat for nectar; they quickly lost interest.
Dean hits repeat, just to hear the old man's voice once more and then makes sure to save it again.
“With our portion of the money we could go anywhere,” Cas hummed, voice low and dozy, the taste of Dean still heavy on his tongue.
"Do you want to tell me where we're going?"
“Of course, sir. Very good.”
He nearly fainted from delight at the exquisite flavor.
Jesse shrugged as his fist closed over the coin.
“Bela Talbot?”
Dean’s eyes went wide as dinner plates. “Me?”
"You were in high school."
Castiel laughed dutifully at the old joke and followed when she ushered him inside.
"Bingo."
“I’m Dean, and I’m driving.” Twirling his keys on his finger, Dean headed to the door and paused just long enough to see Novak pull the long-ago loosened tie from his collar. “You coming, Novak?”
Besides, he would prefer Sam Winchester be calm when he discussed his predicament.
Dean closed his mouth deliberately, the vision colorful in his imagination. “Thank you, Claire,” he murmured, hardly noticing she was on her way out of the room with the empty kettles
Charlie laughed and got to work reading her chemistry books to figure out what she would need.
"So I talked to him while I worked and told him of all the best days of the year to marry.
“You got some ID to prove it?”
The other goons in the gallery were not quite so notorious; at least Dean hadn’t heard of them in advance, so he paid their intros less attention.
As the animals began to stir in the early light, Castiel did what he could to clean the barn and stables left-handed and then went back through and tidied up after himself with his right hand, gritting his teeth through the pain. Dr. Franklin had told him he clipped the tendon and it would be slow to heal. Castiel had discovered that it hurt like a demon in cold weather and grew very stiff, to boot.
“Will you be going into the city right away, Sammy?”
Finally, a clothier knocked at the door. With him was the lad Gabriel had sent, panting and dirty, obviously having run dutifully to each task. Gabriel took pity on the poor, tired boy, and instead of the shilling he had promised, he gave the boy half a crown and six lovely apples in a string bag with a wink. Delighted, the boy pocketed the coin and hurried off to share his spoils.
"Does it?"
“Dean.”
“One, no one but me and the cops have visited you in the hospital, and B, when I went by your place, there was no second toothbrush, no stray bra, not even a single long hair on the floor that wasn’t yours.”
“You miss him.”
“You lost someone you love,” she said, and it was uncanny how it felt like a knife to the gut. He should know; he prodded at the dressings on his abdomen and shifted on the barstool.
Lady Charlie was the first to arrive back at the castle, having the lightest load in her cart. The phaeton she drove with a pair of matching white horses was, in fact, delightfully fast, sparkling new, and very fine. With a minimal, lightly sprung body atop four extravagantly large wheels, the tiny carriage sported two patented swans’ neck springs. Lady Charlie could not wait for Dean to see her in it, not only because he was a man who appreciated a well made machine, but also because she had his cargo of glass bulbs resting in a box of wood shavings by her feet. Plus, she carried, even more gently, the most wonderful news in her heart that she was eager to share with her best friend. She clicked her tongue at the horses, pleased with her purchase. Her wife would have the best carriage in the town because Lady Charlie would have the best wife in the world.
"What?!"
So this was it. His husband was dead.
“You liked the beach,” Cas commented.
Lieutenant McLeod was there to back the guy up. "Get in the damn ambulance already, Novak."
"That's right. They want to give you medals and promotions and interviews."
They stayed in that position for several minutes before the colonel could muster himself to move onto his side and relieve Dean from his weight. Upon moving, Dean squeezed the cock still buried deep within him and Castiel’s hoarse voice let lose another inarticulate string of noise.
“But Dean would welcome you both,” Charlie tried to argue and was interrupted again.
“A photo? Like these others? A family pic?”
"You too? Claire has a crush on him as well."
Sam scoffed. "Bonehead? Dean, I was a dead man. I survived."
"I'm not," Cas mumbled.
“He’ll need it more to get through the night,” Bobby replied.
The town’s citizens benefitted, too, from the clean water in every courtyard and the paving stones along the high street and the sparkling glass panes upon the windows that kept the cold outside. Fortunate as they were, they welcomed the newcomers warmly.
“We may be able to speed Mr. Singer’s work by showing the craftsmen that there will be money for them in Winchester if they will come.”
Dean turned to go, but heard her still nattering on behind him: “I suppose I’ll have to boil Lord Milton’s coffee all over again, as well.”
“I think she’s fine,” Dean murmured fondly, scratching her neck. “Thank you, Mick. It was kind of you to send the lineament.”
He was amazed at how well Crowley’s mail-order scheme worked to keep the budding town supplied with bolts of cloth, staple foods, tools, and supplies. The tenants leapt at the chance to get their goods without returning to the city that held nothing for them but dark memories, violence, and perhaps the odd arrest warrant.
So it was decided that each person would exchange a story with Castiel for one about his time abroad.
This was a home that had once seen prosperity. The cupboards with glass doors showed a fine porcelain tea service, some of the cups chipped, obviously much used, but once quite dear. The curtains, though faded with age, were of handsome damask, and though old, they were washed clean. The furnishings, too, had once been comfortable upholstered pieces, though now they were patched and lumpy. And the wallpapers, curling at the seams, were of a pattern Gabriel recognized from his own mother’s sitting room when he was a boy. But prosperity had left this place, long ago.
The next day, Gabriel and Charlie met for breakfast at an inn with a dining terrace that overlooked the park. It was a new fad on a fine day for gentlefolk to dine
Dean stood back at first and ducked his head to her most formally before she laughed and opened her arms to receive him. Dean took her offered hug and even kissed her cheek as Sam exchanged pleasantries with the others behind him.
Meanwhile they explained that Castiel had brought Lord Milton and Lord Balthazar along to invest in the town and establish independent businesses therein which might attract industrious tenants. Dean wondered why, with ten thousand pounds already, the estate even needed outside investors like Lord Milton and Lord Balthazar. The gentlemen laughed, but then Gabriel answered.
"Well, it is. She has a three foot wide poster of you above her bed."
Dean scrunched his nose, and was about to make a comment, but Pamela shooed Ash out to take care of the inspection.
Lady Charlie handed the moon over to Patience and next pulled something from under her coat. It was a very long pole. “Next, I present to my darling Patience, the sound of summer rain on this cold December afternoon.” Lady Charlie inverted the pole, and the beans inside it rattled down the clay pipe, mimicking precisely the sound of summer rain against a window. Soon the sound was drowned out by the “oohs and ahhs” of the crowd, and Charlie set the pole aside.
“A wedding!” Castiel laughed, so happy to know that Dean was safe and celebrating and so very close. “Tavern,” he hummed to himself, spinning in a circle, suddenly feeling so full of energy he could barely focus. “How wonderful! A wedding!” Castiel’s hands went to the top of his head and clasped together there as he looked around the kitchen. “A cake! I see a cake there. Is it a wedding cake?”
Castiel deflated a little at Dean’s lack of enthusiasm, but he powered on. “You’re right, but I have faith that even in the short term, although less profitable than this scheme might be when the railway comes through, it will still make enough at present to keep you well maintained.”
Castiel sighed and watched the beer bottle in Dean's hand drip condensation onto his shirt as he lifted it by the neck to his lips.
“Dean,” Castiel murmured, rising from his desk to walk around it and take his omega’s hand to kiss it fondly. “I haven’t seen you today,” the alpha stated.
It was nearly full dark at the caves’ edge when Cas stuck his head up to get his bearings. The flashlights were still now, pointing at the cave ceiling where a few feeble stalactites that had survived a few hundred years of human mischief clung to their dignity.
“I want you,” Dean stated plainly.
For the moment, he rolled onto his side to mirror Dean, and lifted his hand to kiss it.
The alpha fell to his knees on the wood planks of the tavern floor, and Dean reached forward to unbutton his frock coat so as to expose his shirt-covered girth to his husband. Dean put his hands gently into Castiel’s greasy, tangled hair and watched the alpha’s eyes fill with tears as he pressed his bearded cheek against the obscene distension.
Dean twisted to look over his shoulder at the door being described. “Colonel Milton,” he murmured.
Crowley tosses the handle of the golden leash to Zachariah. "I do not have to stand for this insult. Have Michael seek me out when he has judged the quality of my gift. As swords go, I am told this is a fine one."
Lady Charlie handled a length of rope on either side of her and was the first to follow Mick and the lead horse down to the stables. The horses, accustomed to traveling as a herd, followed fairly easily, and soon the paddock adjacent to the stables was full.
The man, despite feeling well, remains huddled on the grass.
“Let me guess,” he whispered, pretending to kiss her hair. Well, maybe he was nuzzling a little. “Morningstar will back off if I let you escort me home to watch my virtue.”
"What about from Robert Singer?"
“Tomorrow? We got coffee fifteen minutes back.”
...in which the alpha is ready to talk--until some old friends arrive
Dean nodded yes each time Dr. Franklin pointed out some geological feature, even though he had no knowledge of the geography whatsoever. A stray bean became a cannon, and a splat of jam became an outpost where the doctor slept and kept his supplies for doctoring the maroons of the island.
"Bobby?" Sam swivels his aim toward the old man. "Is that you or a demon wearing your meatsuit?"
Everywhere they went, the citizens of the town thanked Sam and offered him cakes and sweetmeats and their eternal vows of fealty.
A hush fell when the verse was done. No one was certain what he had been doing a moment before. The ladies looked around to see that they held bundles of flowers. The altar boy discovered a candle snuffer in his hand. No one spoke nor moved aside from glancing around, eyes rolling wild, taking in the cathedral like eyes newly opened somehow.
“What are you doing?” Dean asked.
“Oh you poor boy,” Dr. Franklin said, when he saw Dean. “You think I killed your man. I know that now.”
“Mr. Winchester, do you know what the light globe is made from?”
The blue eyes met his then shifted focus to the table top, to the folded broadsheet under Dean’s elbow. “That.”
“You’ve had lovers,” Dean interrupted.
It was no surprise that as soon as he kicked off his boots and fell onto his sofa, his eyes closed and he drifted. It was only nine-ish, but Dean was bone tired. Still, he jittered and shifted and didn't fall asleep fully. After a while he tried going to bed, but that was even worse. He got up and poured three fingers of scotch. After two of those, he finally fell into fitful dreams in his favorite chair.
Dean slid away from his alpha’s body slowly. And apparently, the color in his cheeks had not been improved by scenting his alpha because Sam’s face visibly darkened when he came eye to eye with his brother.
If it took longer for Dean to reach Falcon’s Rest than he had planned because of pulling off the road frequently, whenever the urge to smoke got to be too much to bear, well, neither of them minded.
“Citizen’s arrest!” Cas shouted and all three men stared at him.
With a shimmering smile, attributable perhaps to his new status as an uncle, or maybe to the good beer he had drunk, Dean greeted the fellow, “Welcome to Winchester!”
duke will say. At least for a day, he will have the ears in parliament.”
After those three shots, time lurched like it was in the wrong gear, and Dean knew he’d had enough to drink for a while. He looked around and remembered the sold-out show in his hometown. He was in the green room, pants unzipped, while a cute blonde and an equally attractive twink shared his cock. Life was good, or so he told himself in his alcoholic haze. He let his eyes close so he could just feel.
Seeing Charlie discouraged, Dean began to generate mathematical equations of his own. When Charlie’s phaeton first arrived at the castle, Dean had spent weeks marveling at the swan’s neck springs that suspended the chassis over the carriage’s overlarge wheels. He had drawn them in detail in one of his notebooks, calculating the torque of the springs, the weight they could bear and still bounce.
"You will. But you won't tell me when you do." Cas looks toward the window. "I'll keep watch outside." And instead of using the door three feet away, the sound of wings rustle and the angel is gone.
Castiel cut him off by curtly stating, “You will address his royal majesty, the Prince Regent, properly in my presence, Captain,” to which the soldier’s back grew somehow stiffer at attention. Castiel continued, all of his attention apparently on Dean and none of it on the soldiers as he said, “Dean Winchester, may I present to you Captains Bartholomew and Ion of the sixteenth. Captains, my fiancé, Dean Winchester.”
"Slang for detective, right?"
Castiel grimaced. “I suppose some people probably say so, Mr. Winchester.”
"So? Bobby owns lots of guns... Owned."
"They disappeared."
Cas gave Dean a look, "I'm not driving in my condition anyway, but thanks for the thought."
Both men were hyper aware that the other patrons had left. Dean's hand found Cas's thigh. Castiel set his empty glass back on the bar. He didn't protest or throw up a hand when Dean stepped in closer and hovered near his face. He said nothing when the singer's scent enveloped him and his breath warmed up his neck.
“Don’t be so fussy, Dean,” Charlie scolded. “You have already eliminated the carbon cloud I was originally getting in my bulbs. This is the brightest light I could have hoped for.” Even so, Charlie was delighted with the idea of testing a piston plunger but bemoaned the absence of anyone to make one for them in Winchester. She hoped that Benny would be well enough soon to travel and take his hammer back up in work for the town. The most recent letter received from Bobby Singer had indicated that the state of things in Glassblowers Street was taking on a dangerous edge, with more soldiers arriving daily to enforce eviction notices from new landlords.
“Not true, Dean. Look at the innovations here. They’re all well beyond my imagination.” He kissed his husband’s nose. “I saw your catalog, you know. You weren’t even going to tell me about it, were you? It’s ingenious. And your drawings of your little clockwork walnuts and wind-up doggies for sale in the back of the book. ‘Whimsical Walnut. Dancing Dog.’ You are not asking enough for them. Charge a shilling each.”
"Sorry, Bal."
Castiel grumbled but allowed Dean to tug him toward the doorway where Dean turned to address his brother once more. “First of all,
The doctor’s eyes grew wide. “In the West Indies, you say? No way is he in the West Indies, man. I just come here from the West Indies, and I made damn sure that colonel got out before I left.”
Dean braced himself to be frisked for the gun, suddenly regretting bringing it along, but to his surprise, the doorman merely waved him into the room in a less-than-gracious gesture and then studiously ignored him.
“If you were in Sam’s shoes, where would you be right now?”
Missing his alpha fiercely, but trying not to think about it, Dean spent the cold winter afternoons drawing tins of fruitcakes and tooth powders, baking pans and fancy buttons.
Dean was quiet for several steps as he worked through this information. “But, Jess, if there is no alpha, there is no knot.”
what teenage girls are like? Hell, let’s have a slumber party.”
“No, dear boy. Your husband had that planned, too.” Dr. Franklin scooted closer. “I ran him through with his own bayonet,” he explained, unhelpfully. “Here,” he knelt up and poked a finger into Dean’s shoulder.”
The next morning, Lord Balthazar offered to ride to the capital with Castiel’s letters, which the colonel was unwilling to let wait for the post. Meanwhile Gabriel, Lord Milton, was determined to stay by his stepbrother's side, in case of an incident. His duty consisted mostly of drinking port and naming Castiel an idiot each time he sighed or paced.
The chickens were delighted to get their corn, no matter if from a stranger’s hand, so Castiel fed them and took the egg basket when it was thrust into his hands. Not knowing the hens’ habits, it took him longer to find the eggs than he imagined Rufus usually took collecting them. Even so, he performed his task diligently, hoping that if he found one more egg, or just one more, perhaps the man would allow one for Castiel to eat for his breakfast.
. Dean was gonna lose it. He felt sick. Then the third degree.
“Cas,” Dean murmured incoherently as he tried to lurch into the hallway toward his alpha’s room. He merely ran into the doorframe, dizzy and unsteady from the excitement and disoriented from the deafening bang.
Dean tossed his room key into the air as he made his way toward the stairs, whistling a jaunty jazz tune that wasn’t fit for a Sunday. He caught the key in a fist and grinned to himself, hoping he was being watched. There was nothing like showing off like a right little shit to flush the heavies out of their hiding places, not if the magazine detective stories had anything to say about it.
“It’s not sour at all,” corrected the may-I-help-you person when he suggested this same idea to her.
Cas’s expression went mild. “Well, since your team found Mike and Luc’s fingerprints all over my house, the bail is set much too high for them to deal with. Apparently Luc has a past conviction on his record as well for domestic violence from when he was married, and Mike’s wife is unwilling to take out another mortgage to bail him out, so…”
Dean rolled his shoulders and ambled over to the man’s table, slow and deliberate, watching the handsome stranger’s eyes roam down his body and back up to Dean’s eyes by the time he took the opposite chair.
Dean motioned for Cas to swim in the opposite direction of the area the men were searching. Cas followed him, and they spoke low and very close. “Are those your cousins?”
Dean scoffed. “Of course not.”
“In that case, I accept.”
In preparation, he finally traded away his precious etui for a tattered great coat to cover himself with when they left the tropical waters and inevitably hit a frostier climate.
But no. Dean was too far from Castiel’s target to have been struck; he was coming up from the left side of the house toward the black sedan, low and slow. No way anyone from the car would have been able to see him yet with the Impala in the way and her lights casting long shadows and big targets on the house itself.
, and the coalition of Whigs that had gained substantial power in the government to curtail the regent’s dubious trade deals and unscrupulous cronyism.
“You see why I could not come to the door.”
“No one took a peep at my automobile, did they?” he asked.
Dean raised a brow at her. “A week and a day, actually, if you count the wedding lunch. But, I assure you that
When Charlie took her leave to dance with Max’s sister, a wide-eyed beauty named Alicia who looked terrified to be in the company of royalty and as stiff as her brother in her borrowed muslin gown, Dean carried his cup to the pianoforte so he could watch Castiel’s handsome hands dance across the keys in the waning evening sunlight. The alpha’s bold blue tailcoat appeared magical in the orange rays of the falling sun; the strands of golden thread along the lapel and cuff sparkled like wisps of the man’s own beautiful soul captured in stitching. Dean was so caught up in his fixation on Castiel that he missed Mr. Brady’s approach, and when the slimy near-stranger asked Dean to dance, the omega’s mind was so muddled with thoughts of Castiel that he could not readily create an excuse to save himself from the interloper’s arms.
“I remember.”
Dean’s mouth fell open. “That’s impossible,” he argued. “You said he had been swimming that morning.”
“I’m perfectly capable—” Dean began to rise.
The task at hand was not a pleasant one. Castiel could tell Dean Winchester was in a daze through the paperwork. He only let his eyes rest on the face of the corpse for a fraction of a second, no doubt wishing he could unsee the hole in the center of the forehead. Once the forms were signed, Castiel set a cup of coffee in front of Dean and took a minute to sit across from him at the yellowing Formica table.
Finally in his bed later that night, Dean shortened the wick on his lamp and closed his eyes. The night was quiet but his thoughts were loud. He wondered if Storyville was a real place, if the dead man was some kind of evil wizard, and if he would ever in his life meet a man as handsome as CJ Novak.
Dean did a double take. Maybe the lust hadn’t been so one-sided after all? “Homo—are you gay, Cas?”
“Thank you,” Dean mumbled.
“But wait,” she said as her eyes made sense of the way the several small drawings Dean had created would fit together into a working mechanizm. “How large is this? To fit those globes I already have, they would have to be the size of a standing clock.”
When he reached the eastern paddock, Baby saw him and stepped elegantly over the fence to press herself against him on the path. Castiel smiled as she nosed his pockets, and he scratched her neck vigorously. “Hello, beautiful,” he greeted her. “Where’s Dean, eh? Will you take me to the castle?”
“Thank you.”
The table was silent a moment before spontaneously breaking out in shouts and choruses of joy at Sam’s most welcomed news.
“I shall become very busy on the estate,” Castiel mused. “The town easily has enough residents now that we can sow all the fields north of the river road this year.”
Dean, for his part, remained silent, sipping at the water and staring into space, clearly lost in his own thoughts, and Castiel was drawn right back into staring.
He opened it slowly to reveal an ivory phallus.
Dean hurried to cover his error. “Not at all, Colonel. You’re very proper at all times.”
Pausing a moment from his task, Dean watched as the salts embedded deep within the canvas burned, creating an aurora of colored light throughout the room.
in a different script. Dean figured the door had been replaced since it was first installed. He was suddenly wary that things here might occasionally get rough. He entered the necessary room anyway.
“You may
Mistaking Dean’s wide eyes for fear, Castiel was quick to offer evidence that a thousand would be enough for them to live on, “I know it is nothing compared to what you have as a member of your brother’s household, but--”
Castiel Milton was altogether an unknown quantity, though. He had never elaborated on his position in the castle, and Dean was wary of him (and no less wary of his own attraction to him) and his little notebook. If he was there to report to the Regent about what income the crown could expect from the estate, then he could quickly become an enemy to Dean, who could see that any money at all would take several seasons to realize. The man brought with him not only a vast chest of bound books for Sam’s new library (“where the electric lights would make it possible to see as bright as day, even on the dreariest winter evening,” Charlie boasted), but also a grim faced assize judge named Sir Rafael who was to assist Castiel somehow in his task of making Winchester profitable. Dean had no idea why a man like Sir Rafael was necessary, but he was very much the Prince Regent’s man, an agent of the crown, so Dean did not dare to question his place among them.
“And what about you, Lady Celeste,” Gabriel teased, and her true name caused her to scowl, “When are you going to make an honest woman of Miss Patience?”
Bemused, but delighted by the woman, Charlie and her two hangers-on followed her into the glassblower’s shop Dean had directed them to.
Outside, Castiel found one of the new stable boys who had been hired on from town. Barely tall enough to reach a horse’s withers, the lad was busy oiling a pile of old saddles and tack that had been resurrected from storage in the barn loft. It looked as though they had not fared too well, but since the leather was of the best quality, with a few days of elbow grease they would look fine again. Any frayed pieces could be replaced.
"You cannot command me, human."
When Dean didn’t answer other than the ordinary grunt, Cas slapped his right butt cheek hard, leaving behind a hot handprint, eliciting a yelp. “Are you going to come? I don’t think I’m good for a reacharound, Dean.”
“That so? You here for the mining? Making your fortune?”
"It ain't no monster, boy. That's Dean."
Without considering that he might be expected to allow Castiel to lead the way, Dean stepped out of the house like one of his wound-up little automatons and traced his usual route through the grounds toward the town proper. It was a cool day, but sunny, and he wished he didn’t have to wear the coat and cravat for propriety’s sake because he longed to feel the sun on his neck and arms. He chanced a glance at his companion and noted he even wore a waistcoat under his coat, and Dean pitied him his inevitable discomfort.
He shut that window and pressed his face against the glass panes on the door, from which he could see the courtyard beyond a small garden. It looked as though every single house had its own private semi-attached outhouse and garden! The fountain at the center of the courtyard had spouts all around it, affording water access to several people at once, and eliminating the inevitable summer squabbles over water. Gabriel and Balthazar had really created something marvelous here.
Mick chuckled. “She’s ready for tricks, that one is,” he said, pointing to Baby. “She thinks she’s a racer, doesn’t know she’s a draught horse.”
And so it was that almost immediately, Dean encountered Lady Charlie down by the stream where she waded in rolled-up trousers with a miniature waterwheel.
Castiel offered Dean his hand, and pulled him to his feet. After securing that same hand upon his arm, the couple began strolling slowly back toward the castle.
Benny, with sweat beading on his brow and his body shivering harshly, made no sign that he heard or understood Gabriel, but when Lord Milton pulled the packet of drugs from his pocket, Singer was there to grab them.
“You love each other very much. I see that. That man will come back to you soon, Dean Winchester. You must believe it.”
“It is expected, alpha. I’m not naive.”
Lost in his thoughts, Castiel drove on autopilot to Seton Medical and parked in a spot designated for police in the garage. The whole way Winchester had remained silent, just the scent of alcohol and sweat occasionally reminding Castiel he was not alone.
“Well, yes. Much hotter, probably.” Lady Charlie coaxed him on with his idea.
Together they stared at the phallus a moment longer before Dean snapped the box shut and rose to store it in his room. “Thank you, Jess. This is such a relief.”
The tune still hummed through his head as he used his spare key to unlock the house. The place was clean as a whistle, as both men had been raised by a Marine to be tidy to a fault. Sam didn't even have someone come in to clean like Dean did. He was just neat by nature.
There was a lantern on the desk, barely visible in the darkness but still hot to the touch. Dean found his lighter in his pocket and lit the place up.
“I think it’s romantic,” Jessica sighed. “No one bites each other anymore.”
“It will help,” he explained, “because I will go to the capital and take my seat in Parliament to speak against this madness of civic vanity projects using taxpayer money that burden those same taxpayers by interfering with their homes and businesses.”
Dean shut the box promptly, his face burning red.
“Hulu.”
“Yes,” Balthazar rebutted cynically, “but he has the golden parlor now. Does he remember that he knows these people?”
“Yes, I see. What about the other pictures?”
“So Derek was killed for taking pictures of El Chavo.”
“How fascinating!” Dean enthused. “Electricity is something I would very much like to witness. I wonder if she knows of that Italian fellow—”
“Wait Dean, let me bail this tub for you.”
Claire finished scooping the crème fraîche into her pan and rolled her eyes while she was at it.
The brightness that exploded into the room was a sensation! Glowing blue for the first second or two before settling to a bright white light, Charlie’s device elicited shrieks and murmurs and even the toppling over of a chair; in short, chaos erupted while the congregation blinked at the electric bulb in fascination.
"So?" Cas prompted. "Claire here for dinner?"
"So you must think I'm pretty dense if I'd be stupid enough not to learn a lesson from being the one to find him and call it in."
They met briefly over Dean’s notes about the general store in Winchester. Currently under construction, Dean envisioned it a means of making more than merely staple items available to the town. During their discussion, Crowley did not mention letters from Castiel, and Dean was afraid to ask about it. He had received nothing since the letter from Mrs. Ion in November, and he was afraid that if he found the same was true for Crowley, he would begin to weep in fear for his husband’s life.
“I can show you,” he promised. A tense pause hung in the air between them before he asked, “Do you want me to show you everything, Dean?”
Castiel picked up his daughter's overnight bag and whistled to Silla. "He does have a job," he replied. "Sort of."
“I see,” Dean murmured. “So what is your plan, now?”
Several alphas swooped in to catch him, and he soon found himself in bed with his feet propped up and his sister-in-law holding his hand.
Castiel blinked. “Of course. To keep us well maintained.”
The obsequious manner with which he handled Sam was distasteful to Dean, to say the least. The man hung on Sam’s every word and laughed a little too enthusiastically at all of his jokes. Mr. Brady went out of his way, or so it seemed to Dean, to invite anecdotes from Sam that excluded all the rest of the company but included Mr. Brady. “Oh tell them about the venomous snake you encountered at Barcelona, your grace!” It turned out that Mr. Brady had pulled out his pistol and shot the snake in only two attempts! Even Castiel raised an eyebrow at the alpha and politely refrained from comment.
Through the ceremony, Dean thought about how overjoyed he and Sammy had been in their first winter living orphaned above the ovens on Glassblowers Street, for they were finally never cold. Sammy’s penmanship improved when his hands weren’t cramped from chill, and Dean was able to tinker then in earnest. He had kept at it, making enough to save up for Sammy to buy some secondhand clothes from a tailor that made him look decent enough to attend a school. With a headmaster’s recommendation, and his agile mind, Sam Winchester had been able to attend the second-oldest university in the capital. Dean’s mechanicals had become somewhat popular, and if the money he was able to save to buy himself a new second-hand coat and a pair of salvaged army boots to see him through the next winter ended up going to buy a ticket to the opera for Sam so that he could socialize with his new university friends and avoid being ostracized as a poor scholarship boy, well, Dean could probably find some new (used) socks from the rag man to keep his feet warm.
a stiff breeze coming in off the lake.
"I'm a detective. That's what I do. Besides, Samuel's right to privacy went right out the window when those prints on the gun did turn out to be his. Same caliber as the slug that took out Mr. Singer as well."
"Human, awaken," he commands after healing his hurts.
Construction continued in the town of Winchester at a steady pace despite Gabriel and Balthazar being absent. Dean, in fact, had taken it upon himself to take his “invigorating exercise” in the form of a daily walk into town to check in with the workers, making sure they had the tools, supplies, food, and rest they needed.
Dean scrunched up his face. "That. Is a damn shame. And lighten up. I'm joking. I'm not a novice at this cooking-out thing. I dumped the coals in my bucket of sand and rinsed the grill in water to cool it. I dumped the water in the mulch under the tree. You're good."
“No, I guess not, Sammy,” Dean said quietly, plucking at his own shirtsleeves that were rolled up to the elbows because he hadn’t even bothered to don a coat in the mild summer weather amidst the day’s outdoor work. “They’re not
“This is wonderful, Lord Milton.”
Cas suggested, “Go on a date with me first?”
Dean had been forbidden to ride Baby.
Dean recaptured his wits from his dreamlike meditation on his lover’s blue eyes and recounted the earliest years he could remember, when his mother’s soft hands had been a comfort before her death, and how afterward, his father could no longer afford their snug little apartment, how each time their father had moved him and baby Sammy to a new neighborhood within the vast capital city, he had found they were lowered by the move in every way: poorer, dirtier, hungrier. It had made Dean long to be away from his father, and when John Winchester had died, Dean had felt responsible for it. He still did, in some ways. Maybe if Dean had not left their little room in the city so often to go out sweeping up ashes for the pennies that the thankless work would earn him; maybe if he hadn’t been mudlarking with his toddling little brother in tow, maybe John would not have died alone, drowned in the gin he could no longer swallow.
Sam more or less ignored everyone but his new wife throughout the meal, so Dean ended up unable to escape the intricate dangers of noble chitchat with the rest of his neighbors. In all the years that little Sammy had toiled over his school books and quires of paper by feeble oil lamps, Dean for once was grudgingly grateful that his brother had taught him to read something more sophisticated than a fairytale and write more than just his own and Sam’s names and speak, if not properly, at least politely enough that they no longer got booted out of the coffee houses. Not frequently, anyway. Dean had felt deep shame through Sam’s lessons over the years, knowing that as Sam improved himself and tried to drag Dean up alongside him, the younger boy really had just acted to get ahead of the inevitable embarrassment Dean would cause him. It was all too common once Sam had won a scholarship to the university, in those instances when Dean managed to scrounge a few coins, that Sam would drag his brother with him to a coffee house to read the newspapers and listen to the politics. Now Dean’s ability to talk amongst finer people would be put to the test as Castiel was the first to include him in polite conversation, “Mr. Winchester, I understand you are very talented with machines.”
Dean smiled at the sound of his name on Castiel’s lips and did as he was bid.
Across the booth from him the detective opened and closed the menu several times without really looking at it, so Dean figured that either he knew the menu already, or he had already eaten. Both men were quick to order coffee as soon as the waiter showed up and introduced himself as Chad.
“I think El Chavo’s people got Bobby’s phone that night when they went in for the part to the Colt—we never found his phone on the scene—and they recognized the same thing I did,” Cas began. Both Dean and Sam peered at him expectantly until he went on. “You weren’t the only one who recognized El Chavo, Sam. Derek did, too. When we got into
Big gay love in the bad old days.
Lady Charlie and Patience were thrilled to return from their honeymoon to find a new baby to adore. They set up house in Winchester town, and Patience eventually became the glassblower while Charlie advertised her lights in the W-C Catalogue. Thus, the lady spent much of her time occupied with visiting great estates all over the country and Scotland creating lights for manors and rich eccentrics while her omega wife stayed at home teaching their children to blow glass. Lady Charlie’s lights remained the independent, clockwork machines that had to be cranked to Dean’s designs, but when large scale electricity generators were finally worked out, thanks in no small part to Charlie’s research, she was finally inducted into the Royal Scientific Society on her own terms. By then, of course, she didn’t need them, but it was a feather in her cap and a boon to female alphas, anyway.
“Willow and aspen,” the bald man lisped through his gums where teeth were missing and gestured with his hands. Gabriel handed over another shilling and waited for the packet of powders.
He thanked his lucky stars when he learned his task did not extend to wallpapers and linen colors. Such details were handled by Jess’ ladies in waiting: her youngest sister, Daphne and the equally juvenile Duchess Amelia Lancaster, who had both sat across from Dean at the wedding lunch. The pair of them, each five years younger than Jess and Sam, mere girls of sixteen coming out of their first season, in fact, were to be found tittering and nattering all over the castle, seemingly always underfoot, and ever several decibels louder than necessary. Dean ignored them as best he could, and they never did more than curtsey to him and skip along their way, giggling, when they saw him.
The princess across the table interrupted. “Don’t be modest, Colonel,” she scolded. Then to Dean, she added, “He has a most elegant penmanship and a peculiar style for keeping accounts and ledgers of every tiniest thing in the entire kingdom! Why, even Sir Marv, Papa’s personal scribe, aspires to adopt Castiel’s new methods for the royal inventory,” she beamed at Castiel. “It is a well-known jealousy.”
In a little embroidered pouch, Dean found a variety of small bones, from a young cat or rabbit, he reckoned, and seven teeth. Human teeth. And not the man’s own, either. These were milk teeth. Baby teeth. And finally, there was a dark feather, a long one, by the looks of it, but it was cut up into short segments, about an inch each. The rest of the bag was just stuffed with some crunchy dried leaves, aromatic, but not like rolling tobacco. Dean had heard enough stories from the other fur traders to know magic when he saw it, and no way in hell he was storing this kind of danger in his barn and burying it in his own yard.
"She has one trick. Want to see it?"
When she felt his stomach growl though, she rang the bell and had Kevin bring up some finger foods and tea for them to share.
Provided no other option, Cas obeyed with the consoling thought that at least he would end up at the same hospital as Sam and, by extension, Dean.
“What the hell happened?” Sam’s voice snapped Dean’s eyes open, and he saw his brother staring down at them with his shrubby sideburns disheveled. Dean followed Sam’s gaze toward the floor and felt sickened to see Brady’s brains splattered around. The blood seeped out in a wide pool, extending to the place where Dean and Castiel stood. Dean noticed the warm wetness under his bare feet and felt his stomach twist in disgust.
They dozed lightly and exchanged soft half-sleeping kisses and touches throughout the rainstorm and well past moonrise, at which point the alpha thought he should clean his omega with his mouth. Dean blushed to feel his alpha’s tongue buried deep within his hole, wriggling against the sensitive flesh therein. Meanwhile Castiel moaned and suckled and sent vibrations throughout Dean’s body that made his nipples stand hard and his cock spurt forth. So it was when Castiel took Dean’s cock into his mouth that the whole sweaty process kicked off anew until Dean was incoherent with his hunger for the alpha and then incoherent from the alpha’s attentions.
At first, Castiel did not feel a sting of pain. Instead, he felt the blood rush to his groin as the physiological reaction to his omega’s bite reshaped his molecules. No longer was he no one. No longer was he merely Castiel. From that moment forward, he was Dean’s mate, first and foremost. Instinct grabbed Castiel, and he captured his mate in his arms and rolled them so that he hovered over Dean. The alpha, too frenzied to worry over the fine linen, showed off his impressive strength by tearing Dean’s shirt apart before planting his own deep bite upon Dean’s throat in response.
When Dean accidently brushed his boot against the man’s outstretched foot beneath the table, he could have sworn he felt a warm tickle along the line of his chest where the feather was nestled under his vest. Up close the man’s eyes were as vibrant blue as the sky after a storm. Clear and shining. Hungry.
Castiel cleared his throat. “Will it do?” he asked, rather more brusquely than he had intended.
Dean slipped his hands around Cas's waist and stepped up close. "Why not?"
"Sixty years ago, maybe."
Dean did not hide the fact that he was with Ellen, chopping onions and potatoes in order to avoid Charlie who had gone mad with a list of a thousand things that could go wrong with the lighting ceremony. He had left her in Patience’s good hands for the day and was delighted to be in the right place to taste every pie as they were prepared.
Everyone tittered, and the moment moved on. Dean mentally slapped himself for being overly familiar with Jess in front of these snobs.
"Not while a murder with two kills under his belt and no leads is still on the loose in my city, Dean."
Claire answered the door when Cas rang the bell, and before he could blink he had a face full of blonde hair and an octopus around his waist.
“Omega!”
...in which the omega is very attentive
“I—” No further noise came, and Dean grew agitated. He pulled at the hair above his brow and called again.
Street, his phone rang.
“Is it true you used leeches on it?”
Dean gasped and half stood before realizing that his legs wouldn’t hold him. Sam was suddenly there, propping his brother up, evidently having been listening to the story all along, and Bobby pulled his knife on Dr. Franklin, who looked unconcerned, if slightly surprised, at the vicious eyes now glaring at him.
Castiel wondered what other lurid nonsense Jesse wiped his bottom with, but he had learned all he needed for the moment and bowed out of that conversation.
Castiel took in the state of the room-- wet floor, boiling kettle, startled husband-- and he dropped his paper and pencil on the pantry shelf and, grabbing him by the arm, guided Dean into a chair.
Castiel looked up and nodded his head. "Well, Singer was on the floor when he was shot, the killer standing over him. Lyles was lying down, maybe startles between lying and rising to a sitting position, and the shot went through his nose."
For his part, Castiel was leaning far forward in his seat on his bed, stretching toward Dean with his whole being, eyes blown dark from the opium and nostrils flared from his anger as he worked to breathe it away and recapture his earlier peace. “Dean. My dear Dean, I am sorry for Gabriel’s insolence. Please alert me if anyone who is here on my account is ever less than a gentleman toward you.”
Sam’s brow creased, but he half stood from his seat, digging into his trouser pocket for a coin. Once his hand emerged with a variety of monies in his palm, Eileen reached out and selected a penny before dropping him a kiss and turning on her heel and creeping into the crowd.
The short drive home up Lamar, over 12
“What does that mean?” Sam asked, reaching out to touch the feather but missing as Dean pulled it out of his brother’s reach.
“Charles, I think?”
After a moment, though, Cas's brain caught up with the situation and he entered, just in time to hear the shower turn on somewhere in the house. Castiel allowed himself to poke around until the shower turned off: there were photos of the Winchesters with Robert Singer out by the lake, on a boat, and standing by a classic car. Castiel even found some 18-year-old whiskey and a bunch of home-canned jellies and jams. There were envelopes piled on the bar that were yet to be opened and handwritten messages stuck to the fridge with magnets made from CDs.
“Yes, Meg.”
Cas narrowed his eyes at Dean, "Don't you start in on me. I eat... Breakfast. I eat breakfast everyday, the most important meal of the day."
“That sounds very exotic,” Colonel Milton commented, ignoring Dean’s abrupt change of subject.
The detective wrote something down. And then a knock at the door broke up the meeting.
Dean reached up and pulled at his alpha’s hair, “I thought I told you to knot me, alpha.”
Lord Balthazar had gone riding with another duke from his club that morning, sending a note to Gabriel to let him know they would lunch at the palace afterward, so as not to expect Balthazar to arrive at Glassblowers Street before evening. Gabriel knew that his business-minded brother was already at work to form his political coalition. Besides, Balthazar had Castiel’s letter to deliver and his social niceties to attend to, so the lady and Lord Milton made their way back toward Glassblowers Street on foot, enjoying the fine day, and popping into shops along the way so Charlie could buy flowers and sweetmeats for Patience.
"What the fuck, Cas? I told you to stop reading my mind or whatever it is you're doing."
He yelled in surprise when it happened, wholly unexpecting the rush of wet and cramping. He had grown accustomed to his body’s constant aching of late. Various pains assaulted him at all hours. So he had ignored the pains the night before and that morning. Suddenly the pain was too sharp to ignore.
Seemingly to Gabriel, she said, with her back still turned to him, “I keep bandages on hand. Always burns and cuts in my line of work.”
Dean stood in the doorway and breathed.
When the dinner was finally concluded, which Dean only knew because Ketch stopped trying to refill his wine glasses, and the ladies got to their feet, he sighed in relief and stood stiffly, bowing to them as they retired to the parlor to embroider or whatever ladies did while the gentlemen lingered at the table to smoke. Dean did not smoke, so he remained standing after they had left the room. He had sat too long at table and was weary in his bones from his late traverse through the estate with the colonel and his later disappointment at the colonel’s absence.
Dean interrupted. “You should have told me about that, Cas. If I had known we were dealing with spy shit I wouldn’t have taken Baby out to the cabin that night and led them to us. You wouldn’t have that hole in your arm.” Dean felt guilty about leading El Chavo right to Sam and getting Cas injured.
“What if,” he mused, talking more to himself than to Charlie, “What if instead of a large generator for the entire house…” He trailed off into a thoughtful hum.
“This. You didn’t eat this at all, child. You should be eating more than some tea cake and apple jelly.” He rounded on Castiel, “You don’t take care of your omega, Colonel Milton? I expected better from you!”
“No, but it’s funny to watch you turn purple.”
“Sorry, Dean, I thought we were cool to drop trou in front of each other after your display in your skivvies this morning.”
Not only had a change settled between the pair of them, but also a deeper understanding had occurred to Castiel about what it would mean to be a part of Winchester. As Dean fiddled with the unspoken words flying through his mind and their footsteps stirred up a light dust on the road and the edges of the horizon pinked, he realized that they were words he had never dared to dream up, even after what had happened with Sammy: true mates.
Dean leaned in toward his alpha ever so slightly to try to catch his calming scent in the crowded room. “I am better now, alpha.”
“Ellen!” Dean scolded mildly. “There’s no need for all that. I’m sure he’ll explain once that foreigner is sent upon his way.”
Dean held the coin out to the fella and said, “In that case, better tell him I’m a good friend,” The man passed him a calling card with an address and a time scribbled on one side. If Dean worried about the peril of trading on Crowley’s name in the town Crowley sought to move his trade into, he didn’t think on it long. Surely there were multitudes of games and who knew how many rings of this style floating about.
In his bed, that night, the big white bed that he and Castiel had shared but once, Dean lay awake in the darkness thinking of his husband. Eventually he worked the mechanism on his hand torch and read all of his letters again, even the one from Isabella Ion. The stack of replies he had penned sat in a small box on his desk, waiting to be delivered to their owner.
“Please, leave the bandages. Come closer.”
Cas couldn't reply, but he grunted an affirmation, and Dean's hands were everywhere: attacking Cas's belt buckle, grabbing at his ass, thumbing open his buttons, pulling at his hair. Cas gave as good as he got: backing Dean toward the bed, mussing up his hair, and pulling the silk shirttails out of his trousers.
Feeling better, Dean heaved and rolled himself until he was face to face with his husband, or belly to belly as the case was. “You’re the one who made this town, Cas. Everything you see now is something you put in motion before you left.”
"Paperwork?"
“Oh, do be reasonable, Castiel,” the governor scolded. “We have improved their savage little lives a thousand fold. We feed them, clothe them, house them, and teach them the King’s English.”
Dean turned to smile as neutrally as possible at the interloper to his solitude, and he was met with a most handsome face. The man was near to his own height and had dark, artfully mussed hair and deep blue eyes. His cheekbones were high, his nose straight, and his jaw sharp. Dean had expected to see some sign of mockery or haughtiness in the man’s expression, but he found none. Rather, the stranger looked at Dean placidly, eyes tracing Dean’s features in a way that was wont to bring a blush to Dean’s face.
“What’s memorable about it?”
Thus decided, he rang the bell, determined to spend his day in the bath to stave off the worst of the fever and aches. If it became too painful, he could always request a dose of the laudanum. He remembered the feeling of it from his first ever heat, when little Sammy had feared so for his brother’s life that he had fetched the traveling man who was known for his potions. It was Bobby Singer who had explained omega biology to him, dosed him with opium, and instructed Sam to bathe Dean’s head in cool water through the night. That night had turned into four nights, and by the end of it both boys were achingly hungry and exhausted.
They were both insensible with lust and frenzied with passion. Each man chased his pleasure in the other’s body unabashedly. Dean’s hand grew slick with their combined precum, and Cas panted onto his chest as he thrust at a rhythm in harmony with Dean’s own.
At five o'clock he made his way to Amelia's house, and when he got there, he took Silla out of the hot car to lounge in the front yard while he gathered his daughter and her things.
The detective merely nodded to him and turned to go down from the porch, his trench coat flapping behind.
Castiel was almost out the door on Dean's heels when he went back for his weapon. He barely had time to jump in Dean's car before it peeled out.
“Dean.”
The room grows loud again, and angels crowd in to peer at the creature on the leash.
“Patience?” he choked out, covering his eyes until his thumb found the button on the torch that killed the circuit for the mechanism.
Lady Charlie, without a seat in parliament, stayed at the estate, and as the highest-ranking alpha in the house, she was in charge. As such, Dean and Jessica were constantly submitted to Charlie’s chastisements to eat healthful foods and take invigorating walks and keep their spirits up for the sakes of the babies. When Dean’s belly stopped balking at everything he tried to eat, he began to eat quite a lot, and that belly began to protrude. He only became increasingly irritable as the summer heat ratcheted up, his buttons grew tight, and his hands and feet swelled or throbbed or both.
Balthazar bowed and said, “At your service, madam.”
"You peeked.”
fond of cake. But he took the plate from Castiel once the duchess handed it over, nonetheless.
He needed to get the guy talking first.
“What could you say to the regent that a thousand citizens of the capital aren’t already saying?” Dean demanded. “I would ki--” Dean stopped himself. He was about to say something treasonous before getting hold of himself. “I would kick the regent’s teeth out, if I could,” he amended.
“When I can put my hands on a forge for an hour or two, I can make many things.” Dean blushed. “I suppose it is rather ambitious, but I believe I can do it reasonably.”
“Well then,” Charlie said as though reading Castiel’s mind and daring him to follow through, “it is time you post the banns.”
Crowley looks around the room, unimpressed. Angels stare at him, similarly nonplussed. They had expected him to be a slathering beast with horns and tentacles. But he wears a human vessel and is small to them. The only difference between him and the man on the chain is Crowley's obvious lack of a soul.
Pausing with the water bottle at his lips, Dean looked up at the cop. His eyes were blue. Like, so blue.
He chuckled. "Yes you were." He walked her to the back staircase and up to her room. "Your bathroom is through there," he pointed out, handing over her overnight bag. "Just come downstairs when you're ready. Do you want Silla to stay with you?"
If he spent his dozy hours in the morning sun daydreaming of Castiel’s kisses, well that was no one’s business.
The man, on the other hand, gets a few interested looks and tilts of heads. He glows with an astounding beauty and is made finely by God's hand. Castiel can tell that his perfection makes some of the other angels uncomfortable. He is the embodiment of God's grace, a reminder that Michael is definitely NOT God, that perhaps in following Michael they are making an egregious error.
There was one from the 911 Operator calling him back after he reported whatever happened at Bobby's and hung up on them.
Dean said nothing for a long stretch while Ellen petted his hair, and she was about to stand and put out the last light when he sighed and looked up at her with his blown-out eyes. “What if I’m not enough for him?”
Not many people were in the tavern at that point, since the spectacle had pulled them out of doors, and the food was all outside. Dean did not settle by the fire in the tavern next to Jess where she nursed her baby. Instead he excused himself from her company and let himself back out the door to walk up the lane toward the smithy. He wanted to speak to the doctor again, if only to ask why Castiel’s things had not been sent back to Winchester. Where was the silver pin?
"Because," he looked up and leveled his gaze at Dean. "I've got a court order to look through your brother's phone data and a warrant for his arrest if he pops back up."
“Oh! I shall seek her out then.” He stood and then paused and turned to face Dean with wild excitement in his eyes. “But that gives me another idea.” Gabriel looked to Dean with eyebrows raised.
His skin felt hot and clammy, and he shivered with chill until he dove under a cover and felt suffocated. It was the early haze of gray clouds lit from behind, causing his window glass to glow faintly, that brought him to alertness enough to realize he was in heat.
“You have not been listening,” Dr. Franklin insisted. “The whole plan was there,” he stated calmly, as though nothing was wrong, though by then Dean’s hands were shaking so fiercely he could not lift a beer glass to his own lips and tears clouded his vision. “All there in terrible French,” Dr. Franklin said, “and every detail thought of before I could think of it myself. So I take it to the men and I show them the silver your husband handed to me, and I tell them the plan that is on that paper, and we agree. All for England where every man is free.”
He usually had better decorum when informing the families of murder victims of their loved-one’s death, but seeing
“Let me hear you, omega,” Castiel encouraged as his thrusts began to skip outside of the rhythm he had set.
The entire castle, it seemed, was suddenly in Dean’s sitting room as he dragged a cloth around his kitchen floor with his foot, horrified at the thought of the others seeing the mess.
When Bobby's door flies open, Dean and the angel are nearly nose to nose on the stoop, staring each other down like bitter rivals.
After that late dinner, Dean took a spot in a wagon pulled by Baby that was heading back to the castle. Walt had told the wagon driver, Mick, who had spent the afternoon at the castle instead of in the town, that all the lights in the town were lit, so Mick detoured the wagon throughout all of Winchester for everyone to see them. Beside him on the driver’s seat, Ketch held Mick’s hand tightly as they wondered agog at the marvel of electricity. The twitchy draught horse, unaccustomed to the faint ticking whirr that the mechanisms made, was glad to be shut of the town and back on the road to her stables and the hay that awaited her there. Dean imagined that Baby, at least, was hoping for something other than dried hay as a New Year’s treat that night when she got home.
Dean's eyebrows shot up. "Definitely not your usual teenage fare."
“Silla has met him, and she approves. And what’s wrong with Balthazar? He’s a good friend.”
“He is my true mate,” he said in a low voice, as though the curtains might overhear and spread the gossip.
Once he acknowledged the truth, he felt it in his bones: the ache in his weary limbs and lower back, the throb in his groin, the dampness between his legs. Everything about a heat was discomfort and shame, and Dean lay as still as possible with a pillow over his hot face for as long as he could stand it.
Once Sammy was tucked in to the downstairs guest room (He was restricted to the ground floor because of his wheelchair), Cas snapped his fingers at Silla who was trying to make herself comfy on the memory foam kitchen rug in front of the sink.
“No, sir,” Arnold assured him, wringing worried hands. “The police will are still upstairs. They will want to discuss the matter with you.”
Outside, Crowley said, “Your husband’s last letter asks me about your health.”
Normally not one to comply with typical omega stereotypes, Dean was helpless against the wedding fever.
WARNING: (mpreg)
. The bruise would last a while. At the moment it was deeply red and starting to purple a bit. Otherwise, he was pale as a sheet of paper. From behind him in the mirror, he saw a portrait of
When an express rider rang the bell during breakfast one morning, Dean’s heart dove into his shoes. He felt the blood drain from his face as he heard Ketch open the door, and he clenched his fists in the tablecloth waiting for the letter to make its way into the breakfast room.
“Dean Winchester!” Dr. Franklin exclaimed as he pushed the man to his right to make room on the bench for Dean to sit. “You are the man, sir! You are the man! When is that baby due, now? Let me guess. Six weeks? Eight weeks? Where is Colonel Milton, then?” The man’s smile was infectious, even though his questions were somewhat astounding.
Sam looked shocked.
"Ohhh! Someone else has a crush!"
Soon, Dean was panting and pulling at Castiel’s hair as the alpha dug his fingers into the globes of Dean’s ass and pressed their groins together. A low rhythmic alpha growl vibrated both their chests, reverberating through Dean and lighting his every molecule aflame.
Charlie made an O with her mouth and then was distracted when the dingy sign for Glassblowers Street came into view. Gabriel rolled his eyes when his friend’s pace increased, but he followed her without comment.
“Oh shut up, Sammy.”
“He has sent Ion and Bartholomew to ensure I depart the morning after our wedding to fulfill this duty an--”
The angel sighs. "Lucifer."
Inside, he found that Missouri and James both had massive smiles on their faces. Dean was ushered to her table while Missouri, who was evidently using her large hearth to bake bread for the evening’s feast, made him a plate of bread and cheese to match the one already in front of James. Though he had just eaten pudding, Dean was constantly hungry and did not protest the snack.
“Balthazar and Gabriel have decided to stay on,” Dean said, “to take up their seats when Parliament convenes in the coming weeks to denounce the way hard-working people are losing their homes and businesses to extortionate rents or tax schemes, biased judges, and this movement to destroy working class neighborhoods in the name of ‘beautifying’ the city.”
Inside the kitchen doors, Dean paused long enough to draw a cup of cool water from the sink pump and quench his thirst. With a deep breath he continued his path into Ellen’s domain to steal a scone and whatever meat was turning the air to ambrosia. Before bursting into the hearth, though, he calmed himself; having been taught his lesson by Mick already, he didn’t need to hear it from Ellen, as well.
“Of course. I shall send the girls up with them right away. Will there be anything else, sirs?”
Castiel and Gabriel were just outside of the dining room drinking whiskey and discussing the day’s post when Dean entered the room. Castiel’s voice cut off mid-word, and he was at Dean’s side in an instant. “Dean,” he said, and the omega held his breath, waiting for the rest of the sentence, but nothing else followed. Instead, they regarded each other closely for an unreasonable stretch of time. As Dean looked into the alpha’s striking blue eyes, he noticed that Castiel had dark circles beneath them, and if it were possible, his hair was more of a wreck than usual. Dean smiled a small, private smile to see how his heat had affected his mate. “Castiel,” he greeted.
The officer nodded and closed the door, but the detective stood up anyway. “What are your plans, Dean?”
Castiel looked horrified, "Dean, it's not my pool. It belongs to the main house. I hardly ever even swim in it."
“Well now, I was trying to tell you last night: I’m going up to Crowley Corner to get some supplies I ordered from Garth. I had planned to repair some posts today and do the trip tomorrow, but ain’t no reason I can’t do it today and haul you along in the wagon.”
“I have been consolidating my investments lately, Dean. Instead of pieces of various companies here and there, I have sold off much of the international trade, which I find not only risky but also unsavory, and put the money into domestic affairs, instead.”
“Morning, Detective. Didn’t think you were going to make it in today,” Trina greeted as she poured his cup of coffee.
"Can she do tricks?"
“Dean told me I smell delicious,” Castiel sniped back.
Dean said, “Will you hand me my letters?” And after Jessica had gathered them together into a small stack, she did as she was bid.
Dean balanced the laden tray on his hip and knocked at Colonel Milton’s door. He heard a grumble from within and let himself in without further fuss. He knew a maid had probably been in already this morning to put hot water in his ewer and empty the chamber pot.
They sat quietly together for a while before Dean whispered, in an altogether different voice, “Give me your hand.”
When the baby moved beneath his alpha’s hands for the first time, Dean’s breath caught in his throat and he stopped trying to hide. He took Castiel’s wrist and placed the big strong fingers directly over the activity and locked eyes with Castiel as the alpha felt it.
“C and D,” Castiel mused. “It is beautiful,” he said.
“His grace has everyone out searching for some scoundrel.”
Ever fastidiously picky about the quality of his creations, Dean was delighted with the clarity that the blue burn off of spirits left inside the glass globes. He began to wonder if a piston plunger would be able to draw the air out of the glass instead of using a burn that could potentially damage the platinum.
Cas smirked. “It’s an herbal ale.”
Castiel’s eyes widened enough to show the whites all around the deep blue iris. His mouth fell into an O and he appeared to stop breathing.
“You been in town long?” Dean asked, to feel him out and to hear that voice again.
"Well, is there something you're not telling me about your involvement in the murders or in some shady business that could lead to murder?"
"I didn't say."
“You sent him here, didn’t you?”
was on display. Claire had pretty eclectic taste in music for a thirteen year old, and the walls that were not all about Dean paid homage to a lot of girl bands: Hole and Elastica he recognized from Claire's enthusiastic review of the C
Missouri nodded that she understood and disappeared out the door. Moments later, she was back with four men and a wood-framed army cot that looked old enough to have been in the colonial wars.
“What?”
She smiled, “Of course.”
There wasn’t a lot to say in reply to that statement. Dean moved his arms off the table when Adam showed up with their drinks.
prints."
“Nah. I got my wagon. Traveling farrier, most times. Do some doctoring and barbering and any odd things that need doing.”
"Not if you're going to call in the cavalry and get Sammy killed."
“I made it for him,” Dean muttered.
“Sometimes I like to annoy my baby brother.”
She smiled sadly, “Art don’t put food on the table, sir, but Dean Winchester will if I make him his order.”
“Really?” Dean looked to Cas to confirm this.
“I’m not saying anything, Dean. I’m just asking questions. Why didn’t you leave a voicemail?”
“I don’t need jurisdiction. They killed my dog!!”
Dean, arrested as ever by the intense scrutiny of those earnest blue eyes, stood transfixed a moment before reaching into his pocket and wordlessly producing the letter. He watched as Castiel took in the seal and realization dawned. This was the letter they had been waiting for, the letter upon which every happiness hinged.
The thought had already occurred to Castiel, but based on what the info he had, he’d ruled it out as unlikely. Still, he looked at his watch. Milton was due downtown to answer some questions at two o’clock. Uniforms were already watching his back. “You watch too many procedural cop shows, Dean.”
“Is there something between you?” Sam asked. His eyes were black from the smoke and his lax hand relinquished the pipe easily when Lord Balthazar took possession of it again.
“You’re Dean’s alpha, ain't you?” he asked through a suspicious expression.
Cas got out of the car, too, glad for a chance to stretch his legs, thrilled for the silence in the absence of the motor running, to hear the robins and bluebirds singing overhead in the ponderosa.
The noise that emitted from Lady Charlie’s throat in the next moment was not unlike that which a falcon makes when calling to its mate: high pitched, loud, and terrifying.
"No 'Break a leg?' No phone call? No text?"
Zachariah cut him off. “On the contrary colonel, we have given them their souls. We teach them about Christ and ask only that they hold themselves to his example, yet they betray us at every turn! Despite the gift of everlasting life we have bestowed upon them, they choose to run from salvation or pray to false idols or laze about in the sun instead of thanking us for showing them the door to heaven.”
“Hmm. Clay would surely break down or crack as soon as lead, wouldn’t it?”
"Ship it," Cas mused.
The breeze picked up in the south field, creating a susurrus of sound in the eruption of flowers. In the distance, a light from a small hut stood out against the slowly darkening sky.
“I texted him. Still no reply.”
“Yeah. Say, can you tell me your name again, mister? Slower this time?” Dean turned his head all the way to the right so he had his good ear pointing right at the man.
Dean slapped Baby good-naturedly on the shoulder and took off apace back up toward the castle for some breakfast, leaving Mick watching after him and wondering if things could actually turn around in Winchester with a new duke looking out for the place.
“I was very worried you might be tempted to forget me,” Dean murmured, threatening to stab Castiel with the sapphire cravat pin still in his hand. “And that was before I knew you were leaving me for the West Indies.”
“How is that even possible?”
“Bartholomew, Ion. I was not expecting you.”
"All I do at work is write stupid reports. It's a skill you'll need forever."
Dean sat down and pulled out his laptop. Maybe he was being hasty with the wedding plans. He opened the bookmarked page at Tiffany’s and typed in a new search—for bracelets this time. For now, anyway.
, he scoffed.
“Oh,” the one called Captain Ion said, remembering something and striding back to his horse. “I’ve brought your coat,” he said rummaging in his pack. “Lighter weight than what we wore in France, and the newest style. I thought you had written your measurements wrong in your letter but I see,” he said gesturing to Castiel with a bundle wrapped in brown paper, “that your shoulders really are broader, now.”
Dean sighed and slapped Castiel’s hands away before pulling the tabletop back down over the tub. He patted it with one hand in invitation for Castiel to sit there. “You, sit. Take off those boots while the water is heating. I’ll let you look at my hideous belly all you want once you’re in the water.”
He could not read it if he wanted to because tears clouded his eyes. He nodded to her, not trusting his voice to answer without breaking.
"From Sam?"
"She loves to cook, Dean."
Dean sighed and ran a hand through his hair. “Sorry, man. Let’s start over. How’d your meeting with Sam go?”
"Sam, just leave it."
“—I know.”
“I was wondering if there are more supplies for Colonel Milton’s feet?”
Over the following weeks, the children ran daily through the halls of the castle to find Dean again and beg him to be their general. Each day the snow fortresses behind the stables grew grander until midwinter was nearly upon them, and Lady Charlie was helping Dean teach the children to build a catapult from green branches. They were eager to lay siege to the enemy fort, unwittingly manned by three dopey stallions and the sheepdogs that minded them. Thus demonstrating the cruel machines of war, hurling snowballs into a field for the dogs to chase and then run in confused circles when the balls vanished in the snow, Dean was red-cheeked and wrapped in wool when Lord Crowley dropped by again with a purse full of money that made Dean’s eyes widen and his pocket feel so heavy he might fall over.
"They'd ship it."
“It’s a black, late model sedan,” Cas narrated. “From here it looks like the plate matches your UFO.”
“I have many brothers,” Castiel replied.
It was after ten by his watch when Dean showed the little card the toilet attendant had given him to a doorman at the address.
They remained isolated in the shack for three days and nights. Each day a basket appeared on the sill of the open window, wherein Dean and Cas found hearty cold foods and bottles of wine and ale. No one disturbed them except the cat that evidently lived at the cottage. She brought them mice and moths and other dainty wedding presents.
Dean nodded, understanding that Castiel spoke in precise patterns and knowing that the alpha would not be rushed.
The group was on the move, heading in a swirl toward the open doors of the castle. There was a pause in the commotion as the household staff presented themselves to their master and mistress, and then the trunks and packages were handed down to the footmen and dragged up the back stars. French wine was popped open and glasses were handed round while everyone talked loudly, each of the party barely hearing himself over the din of the others.
Castiel shouldn't have been surprised at the scene that greeted him when he delivered the news to said rock star. Celebrities like the infamous Dean Winchester took what they wanted and fuck the consequences. Sure, those two kids sprawled on the floor would have a story to tell their friends, but one day they’d wake up and realize they were just something to use and throw away.
Dean nodded, internally dancing that his baby brother had finally decided to be a man. Externally, he voiced his worry, “Don’t get yourself locked up.”
“You haven’t even finished--” Sam sighed since Dean had already stalked from the room and was by then out of hearing distance, “your breakfast,” he finished weakly.
Sam gets up to follow, and Castiel stands immediately, "He should not be outside the wards."
Jessica paused in mid step before ducking her head and placing her free hand atop Dean’s. She took a breath before replying. “I have many siblings, and several are omegas, so trust me when I tell you what I know.” Turning them to walk again under the watchful eyes of the family portraits, she continued. “Mated omegas are perfectly safe without their alphas. Even true mates. It’s the lack of a knot that can cause the omega to become ill during heat.”
Dean stood.
, ate virtually alone. Lost in his own thoughts, the meal was all but over when he realized he had used the same fork for every course and the same knife to cut his meat and to butter his bread. Mortified at his flagrant misstep in table manners, he felt obliged to eat absolutely everything on his plate so as not to appear wasteful and frivolous with the household goods in front of Ketch and Adam. His belly was achingly full when he belatedly remembered the sow out back with her piglets that would have wanted his table scraps. If he had a shiny penny for every time he was filled with mortification during that meal for how he sat, how he ate, how he wallowed in his thoughts—especially for assuming Castiel would be as eager as he was to spend more time together—well, Dean’s pockets would be heavy, indeed.
Sam's gun arm shakes. "Heaven?" His mind works furiously over this news. "Heaven? Dean was in Hell. He went to Hell."
Bobby sighs and leads Sam up the steps to the front door. "Against other angels, apparently. Let him tell it. It's a long story."
The traveling party was jolly along the road, but Charlie was tired from riding by the time they reached a livery that would take in their horses in the capital, and she vowed to buy a speedy but comfortable rig for the journey back out to the country.
He cut his thoughts off. It was Sunday night, the one night a week he allowed himself to really tune work out. There was nothing wrong with taking a little time for himself. After all, he couldn't do anything more with the case until he had his team in tomorrow morning.
Dean ate his tacos with a fuckton of salsa at the table with Charlie but refused to look at caskets on the internet with her. He was quiet while she talked about funeral plans, but when he finished his food and felt refreshed and headache-free, Dean pushed his plate away and scrubbed a hand down his face. Somehow Charlie being here, discussing the funeral details in her ineffable manner cemented the truth for Dean. Bobby was really gone.
Looking up from the letter at last, Sam appeared thoughtful. Balthazar gestured for the paper, and when Sam handed it over to him, Dean asked, “Why did Bobby write to
“I have not told you much about my time in the army, have I, Charlie?”
Dean sighed. “If you tell me once more to wait, I will cut off your cock and take it upstairs without you.”
Dean reached up and pressed a nearly invisible clasp at the side of the initials and the device opened slowly with the faint ticking of tiny clockworks. The C and D inverted, each on its own hinge, like a blossoming flower, to reveal a lock of hair sealed beneath them with a dollop of wax. Castiel gazed at the love token and felt his eyes grow wet.
It was late morning when Dean reached the main road into Falcon’s Rest. The day had grown darker and colder as it waxed, which did not bode well for Dean’s journey. He stopped to put Esther’s blinders on before they joined the road. Motorcars always spooked her. He couldn’t do much about the noise of them, but he pulled a few apples from the bag and sliced them with his penknife, feeding her two pieces for encouragement and pocketing the other to apply to her face as needed.
Fearing that a fox or a badger had tried to take one of the little dogs for a feast, Dean pulled on his trousers and then took his new hand torch to investigate. Immediately ducking away from the stairway upon glimpsing a movement in the corridor, Dean’s heart hammered against his ribs. He peeked around the bannister, and what he saw made his blood turn cold. Under the gaslight at the head of the corridor, that scoundrel Brady lurked, his unmistakable form hovering about Castiel’s door.
Dean meets smugglers!
“I’m not.”
On Saturday, Dean asked Cas over because he knew Cas was going to spork his own eyeballs out in frustration if he didn’t get a chance to talk to Sammy and put the whole case to rest in his mind.
"I was only doing my job in the moment."
“Your son,” Dean hummed. “Well, then you’re Patience’s father!” He grew excited.
“And now you have an income from Winchester and you have changed those old investments for new investments which I signed contracts for,” Dean narrated.
If that fucking cop thought Dean was going to sit tight at home while the quicksand chased Sam down, he had another think coming.
“Did you catch them?” Sam asked hopefully.
Castiel stood up abruptly, “No!”
That day, as a storm blew in and snow painted the view from his window white, Dean finally read his letters from Castiel. The first surveyed his anxiety at leaving Dean, his loathing of travel by sea in the manner of a soldier, and the weariness he felt with the company of his men, already. Dean found himself at turns smiling at Castiel’s descriptions and then weeping at the emotion his husband could express with a pen.
Castiel opened his mouth to answer, but Dean’s hand immediately covered the alpha’s lips. “You don’t need to answer that asinine question.” The cut was bleeding steadily, and Dean was concerned for Castiel’s beautiful tailcoat and waistcoat, not to mention his alpha’s swelling eye. “Come on,” he decided, taking the colonel’s hand. “This needs tending to by someone more skilled than me and my handkerchief.”
“And she did a fine job, raised my grandmother to be an artist. She always said she married Mr. Novak just to change her name from Baker.”
“Oh. Lord Milton, thank you.”
“Do you know what the link is between Bobby and Derek, Dean?”
Lieutenant McLeod must have heard it all from his office because he called, "Novak, get in here," before Cas's butt even hit his chair.
“Nice, Benny.”
It is the sound of a shotgun cocking that alerts them to a third presence.
Dean:
Castiel asked, “Then could it have been after three, three-thirty?” Could Dean have had time to get back here after Castiel dropped him off to murder this kid?
“Tomorrow!” Patience exclaimed at the look on her grandmother’s face.
“I’m fat.”
________________________________________________________________________
Castiel remained silent for some way along the lane, so Dean spoke to try to draw his alpha out of his shell. “Your friends are staying for the wedding, I suppose?”
Dean’s eyes grew wide, unable to fathom such an amount of money. Having survived his entire life on pennies scraped together in dire circumstances, factoring a living in pounds, let alone in hundreds of pounds, a
The youngest lady, her highness Jessica’s sister, looked delighted by the intrigue. With wide eyes she began to speculate, “When I have ridden Formosa in that direction, I have encountered Lord Crowley on occasion. I wonder if his grace has gone to seek the villain at Lord Crowley’s estate.”
Dean felt hot tears streak down his face, and he pulled his handkerchief from his pocket. He had embroidered a whole set of them with the C and D monogram he had created for Castiel’s wedding gift. His needlework wasn’t great, but it caught Dr. Franklin’s eye.
Upon a look from Jessica, Sam shooed everyone else out of the room and closed the door behind himself. The alphas exchanged wary looks in the hallway and hovered until Lady Charlie led them back down the stairs and away from Dean’s door.
“Dean, I have neglected you of late.”
“He said he was a scribe. A bookkeeper.”
“The platinum burns very hot, you said? Hotter than tin? Hotter than spirits?” Dean asked.
The water pump, an enormous steam engine that Lord Balthazar sent in a wagon train of five teams of six, was erected, fitted with pipes, and fired up to supply the entire little town of Winchester with water to tap-fitted fonts at the top of each street. Dean explained to all the residents that in addition to piping clean water into their courtyards, it also drained the filthy water away.
“Now, I really would like some tea.”
Jessica paused with her eyebrows high to glance at Dean and regard his reaction to Captain Ion’s wife’s words.
“I have no jurisdiction here, Cas.”
Castiel thought Charlie was quite right in her righteous fury, now that he had the gist of it, but his mind could not focus on comprising a list for her so long as an important detail was outstanding.
“Oh, don’t think so loud, Dean. I’m just here to serve the drinks.”
“The fact that we haven’t been able to locate Samuel Win—“
When Dean finally hoisted himself out of the water, his wet boxer briefs left nothing to the imagination. Dean dried his face and head off first before wrapping the towel around his hips and then stepping out of the soaked cotton drawers. He ambled in his bow-legged fashion over to the table and sat across from Castiel, reaching for his glass of tea.
The intimate endearment made Castiel pause to assess Dean more closely. “Are you drunk, omega?” he asked under his breath.
"Claire, this is my boyfriend, Dean."
Dean waited impatiently at Coffee People, inside of Book People for Cas to arrive. He tried to look anything but impatient, but the guy was late. He checked his watch again and wondered if this place had been a good choice, after all. Dean liked this place because it had ample parking, unlike most of those hipster joints around Sixth. Plus it had books, which meant good people watching. He was almost to the point of lifting his arm again to check his watch when he spotted Cas ambling over toward the cafe with his nose in a book.
"What? What does that mean?"
Cas nodded. “He’s the oldest, so yes. But I’ve been trying to reach him for two days, and I’ve got no answer, so I’m calling Sam.”
"It's me, Bobby."
“Just. It’s weird I haven’t hear from Gabriel. This is his kind of adventure, really. Not mine.”
Dean was quiet for several moments, and Charlie waited patiently for his stoic veneer to crack.
In tender, the man had over two-hundred dollars. Dean lost count once he got to the small coins, but he was sure it was a lot more money than he had ever seen at one time in his life, considering he did most of his business in life trading furs for credit in town and using the credit to buy food and seed for his garden. The cash money and the man’s rings and the gold teeth and the snakeskin boots… Dean began to wonder if he should store the body in the barn and bury it after the thaw and just quietly keep all that treasure. However, Finders-Keepers was the law of the land, and Dean doubted that even the sheriff would suggest the corpse’s wealth belonged to anyone but Dean, considering the man had been foolish enough to get himself dead on Winchester land. If any doubt troubled Dean about hiding the body or turning it over to the undertaker, however, it was the last item he found in the dead man’s pocket that convinced him to take the body to town.
“Cas.”
Cas looked from Sam to Dean and back again. By now, Dean was kneeling beside his brother, who Cas could tell was feverish and weak.
Missouri interrupted, “Child, we cannot go tomorrow. It will take time to ready our house to sell, and there are many people here whom we cannot abandon so quickly,” she said firmly.
“It is unlikely that Lucifer would spare enough of a thought for a human to hold a grudge against the third counsel on his vessel’s trial. It is only me and Gabriel he will be angry with for now. He’ll soon grow bored with that, though, and Gabriel has hidden us and all of your family anyway. Our disappearance for a short time will be done from an abundance of caution.”
With the mail order scheme that Castiel had arranged with Crowley, the people of Winchester were well supplied, but with the expansion to that project that Dean had initiated with Crowley directly, the people had potential to grow. The growth of the town meant there were jobs for everyone, and jobs meant growth for the town. The cycle fed itself delightfully.
Dean put the dangerous things away. He took a sheet of thick, crumpled waxed paper from his pack and unfolded it on his lap to wrap the rest of his meat in. Storing the food away, he wrapped the rabbit skin the same way and tucked the wet side away from the food. He kicked out the fire and started packing up the man’s stuff.
Gabriel continued telling Dean that Rafael had been able, in his capacity as an officer of the courts, to review the officially filed ledgers for the neighboring estates to see how much tax each of them had paid in the last few years and compare that to their real worth in order to estimate how much the tenants of Winchester, if they could ever scare up some tenants for Winchester, would be expected to pay.
“--We have a cooper in town, now?”
At the opera, Sam met Princess Jessica. Dean had never seen a true mate meeting with his own eyes. He used to listen to Sammy read the passages from novels, and he had heard the stories in the tavern, but he was not really clear on how it happened. But he did know that it was a profound thing. No sooner had Sam attended the opera than he was invited to the palace!
“Like what?”
Exiles in arms
“Jesus fucking shit,” Dean articulated when his orgasm hit. He spurted onto Castiel’s stomach and then felt Cas claw at the back of his neck as he came next on Dean’s hand. Cas brought their mouths together again and they devoured each other’s passion until they settled there under the skylight in Castiel’s bed and simply held one another in the silence.
Back at the grotto, they spelunked in silence until midday when the pre-packaged Wal-Mart sandwiched tasted like manna.
“He does, doesn’t he?” Charlie agreed, heaving a sigh and letting her tool clatter onto her tabletop.
“A spring coil!” she exclaimed. “I never would have thought of a spring coil! It won’t need a waterwheel or wind or anything!”
“Electricity is no easy thing to harness. It comes naturally through lightning, and I have seen miraculous machines to harness it, but creating it from nothing is not so easy.”
Castiel watched the blue white light of his collected grace swirl at Dean’s breast, but he didn’t grab it and take it with him. He left it where it was, safe in Dean’s keeping.
Dean couldn’t stop a grin from taking over his mouth as he replied, “As far as I’m aware, sir, you outrank everyone in the house, save the princess and the duchess. No one needs permit you to lunch where you will.”
it, the image was fleeting. He thanked the powers that be for that fact.
"Jesus, I know what the word means. What about them?"
"I turn my phone off during shows. Phones have been known to spike the mics."
Pancho Villa smoking menacingly. With a shoddy salute to the general, Dean turned away from the mirror and rejoined the lady in the hallway. Taking both his shoulders in hand, she turned him toward a door marked EMPLOYEES, and he suddenly found himself on a soft but musty couch.
Dean’s ears rang. The image of Bobby lying on the steel slab flashed in his mind. The image he would never forget. Now, he saw it morphed into the slightly round face bordered by dark hair and big, round, gray eyes enhanced with guyliner. Except now, the face was pale and slack like Bobby’s. There was a hole right in the middle of his forehead,
“Who the hell are you to tell me to shut up, bisexual man?” Luc mouthed off.
"Warded? Against what?"
Patience only nodded and her smile grew when Charlie, looking smug but very pleased, stole a chaste kiss on her cheek.
“One moment!” he called before cursing to himself. “Damn, damn, damn,” he muttered as he pulled his shirt back over his head. By the time he had got his arms in the sleeves, the knock had sounded again, and he had no time left for his jacket before the delay would have been outright rude.
"Was it the murder weapon?"
“They’re always wanting something, you know, old chap. I have to keep ten girls doing nothing but carrying water to the fields for them to drink on demand, or they simply won’t bring in the sugar,” he complained. “Ten girls to feed and look after, who do absolutely nothing all day! Next, I suppose I shall have to buy ten boys to fan the field hands with palm fronds as they work! Whipping them does no good, you know. They welcome the whip because they will play up the anguish of a single lash and lie in the dirt caterwauling, and then there is no work being done at all, with all the other lazy blighters stopping to stare and scowl. No, we only whip them once a week at most here. And we give them ten water girls. We spoil them, we really do.”
“The boots don’t come off,” Dean said, tearing his gaze away from the feather, as if emerging from a dream. "They’re too small for me, anyway, so I didn’t try too hard, but— what would I want with fancy boots like that?”
Neither of them sees the way Castiel's eyes flash at the blasphemy.
“He alpha?” Singer asked. “And he’s a Milton?”
of shaving goods. Unpacking the tiny case in the morning sun on the beach, he held the mirror between his knees and shaved with soap and seawater, carefully preserving his sideburns in the fashionable manner he detested.
“It is,” Dean agreed. “A very fine morning. Nova and Baby look eager to plow today.”
Dean noticed that Castiel’s coffee sat growing cold on the table without the man so much as touching it.
Finally, Dean hefted the body onto his shoulders to carry like a dead deer. It was stiff, which made situating it across his shoulders a little tricky, but once Dean snapped the dude’s shoulder, he could hang onto the poor bastard well enough to keep his right arm free for his rifle.
She toyed with a plan to attach an electric turbine to the steam pump Balthazar had purchased to move the town’s clean water uphill, but the mathematics of the process were forbidding. It would cost more in coal to add the extra weight to the steam pump than the savings in electric light over gaslight could produce for the town.
He looked up, spotted Dean and smiled.
“I don’t care about sales.”
Dean scoffed at that and deflected attention away from himself. “You did it, alpha. You made the deal with Crowley in the first place, and then he showed up to hand me money. I started paying more attention then, learning about the mail-order idea. I spoke to him a few times, and as more and more people moved into the town to stay, I knew they needed goods. So Crowley gave me an inventory for his stores in the capital with prices and everything. I pinned a bill to the tavern door advertising the opportunity to hear me speak about ordering goods and supplies on a Tuesday evening, and practically the whole town showed up. The tavern took in over two pounds that evening. We had to do the same thing twice more so more interested people could attend.”
“Castiel said you were intelligent. I’m beginning to wonder if he’s thinking with the right head.”
"What?"
In order to save himself from making a scene, he decided to make conversation. "How was dinner with your daughter?"
Dean rolled his eyes, “Aaand?”
“What’s the buy-in?” Dean asked.
Dean feels his stomach jerk out from under him as Castiel works some angel mojo and the landscape changes again.
Luckily, country propriety dictated that a waltz was entirely improper, no matter what took place at Almack’s in the city, so Dean did not actually find himself in the rude man’s embrace. Even so, Brady clearly delighted in every opportunity to touch Dean, to let his hand linger at Dean’s shoulder during a turn or even rest upon Dean’s waist at a toe step. Dean felt his temper rising at each stolen touch, and he was near to striking out at the man when the bell rang for the cake, and Castiel’s hands stilled on the keys.
Dean nodded and got in the car.
“You’re a tax man?” Dean asked for clarification of the rather vague information he was receiving.
Eventually Castiel shut the place down and nursed his last drink while Balthazar closed the register and swept under the barstools.
Dean rolled his eyes, and compromised by holding out a hand for Castiel to take. “Come with me, then. I’ll show you.”
Dean felt a cold sweat erupt upon his palms.
“Alright then, I will return to complete our transaction, but I beg your pardon for the delay.”
"You feel better," Castiel points out.
Sammy was going to have a fit.
Castiel nodded absently and felt a pang in his heart. She was growing up.
Dean squinted into the feeble autumn sunlight.
Dean, flustered, bowed to her and ran off with the key.
No such luck. "A falling out? Over what?"
Dean leaned forward to whisper to Baby that she had better act like a proper lady on the tour. Her ears twitched, and without Dean so much as tapping her flank, she fell into line behind Castiel, heading for the town.
On that pronouncement, Castiel swiftly bid everyone good evening and practically carried Dean to bed.
"I'm sure that helped."
Dean chuckled. “If Walt gets a shilling a week for cranking the lamps, then I think your field managers can get a shilling a day and rotating days off,” he insisted.
He had to focus. He was a soldier. The mission was to earn his way back into his Father’s house, not into Dean’s heart.
“Omega like you, right?”
"It's the tune," Dean said. "The melody makes it a hit. The lyric is secondary."
“Dean is not the Duke of Winchester,” Missouri stated sagely.
If Dean notices the way Bobby's eyes dart to the side he doesn't mention it. He just waits impatiently for the phone which he dials asa soon as it hits his palm.
When the doorbell rang, Dean didn’t have a chance of hearing it with the tools buzzing and grinding away on top of the metal playlist he had on for ‘atmosphere,’ so Charlie answered the door. Detective Novak wore aviators and a trench coat, which was a bit much for March, but she conceded in her mind that there
He narrowed his eyes, nudging the emptiness in the back of his mind.
“I just thought you’d want to know, since Colonel Milton is not returned yet, that a dispatch arrived an hour ago with the royal seal.”
It was Adam who arrived with a pitcher of cool mint water and a plate of Ellen’s biscuits. “Ellen knew you would ring eventually, sirs.”
“Ah, if we three shall be colleagues as well as friends, you both must call me by my given name. We are equals, after all.” Sam raised his glass in turn to Lord Balthazar and Lord Milton.
“Do you want his clothes, Dean?” Pamela asked. "Maybe we could perform a seance with his underthings."
Before he could leave, Ellen added, “And have little Kaia fetch all of her clean ironing for bandages.”
Castiel’s heart ached with longing, but he retreated, folding errant wings back into himself. He had allowed too much of his essence to converge here, and his vessel languished without him. It wouldn’t do to allow it to wither while he lingered in Dean’s presence, unseeable yet praying to be seen.
Castiel blinked his eyes open and yawned so widely his jaw popped. Dean groaned and curled himself around his husband.
“Tonight. Later. I have to meet Claire in half an hour, Dean.”
“Well, then,” Dean said, “You know I do miss Sammy.”
The kitchen bustled to life when it learned that Winchester castle’s missing alphas would all be returning this day from the capital. Dean helped Ellen to create a light repast for himself and Lady Charlie, and he helped Kevin carry it upstairs to their workshop where they could eat and talk freely together. He was eager to get the new gossip.
This had Dean roaring with laughter as he pulled over at a turn-out on the road to let the radiator cool for the last leg of the climb.
"It's just questions."
“That’s a pretty bruise, Cassie. How’s your vision?” Balthazar asked Castiel as the colonel filled a plate from the kitchen trays and watched Dean fidget with the golden tinderbox on the mantle.
Patience broke out of her eye lock with Charlie and turned. “Bobby is tending him. After the old grouch berated the soldiers in language that would make the ladies on Balsam Street blush, they left affronted that an old man would talk to them like an officer. Bobby went to work right away on Benny, but—yes. The bandages,” she finished, seeing her grandmother’s basket.
“Please, call me Charlie. Miss Bradbury was my father.”
Sam’s chin did that thing where he looked like a knight who got his helmet’s visor stuck funny, but he didn’t insist on following Eileen himself.
“His Grace? Do you mean Sam?” Dean puzzled as he trailed her to the bathing closet and supervised, well out of the way, as she decanted the boiling water into his copper tub. How could Sam have come home without his having heard about it?
Dean frowned but pulled the business card out of his pocket. Castiel Novak. What a weird name. “I’ve got your card, Detective. If Sam wasn’t missing, I’d give him your message.”
Dean looked up and noticed that everyone was retreating through the double doors in pairs, so he good-naturedly took Castiel’s proffered elbow and allowed himself to be led through to the grand table. It didn’t occur to him until later that Castiel’s gesture of allowing Dean to touch his person was shockingly intimate for acquaintances that had only just met. In Dean’s former circles, bowing was utterly foresworn for being a symbol of the crown’s tyranny, and casual touching was altogether normal; Dean had often seen Bobby Singer shake a man’s hand upon meeting him. However, Dean had been thoroughly, if hastily, trained in the manners of the gentlefolk before the wedding day had arrived, and Sam had stressed the importance of touching no one. It was all still new to Dean, though, and he wondered if, in this case, taking Castiel’s elbow signified anything. He had taken it as a matter of course that a man of Castiel’s bearing was probably an alpha, and he finally reckoned as they neared the table that the offered elbow was merely a gesture that signified that the alpha recognized Dean as omega. Of course, in polite society it was the custom never to stand close enough to accidentally scent another person, and designations were strictly never mentioned outside of families. Therefore, Dean kept his conjectures, and his nose, to himself.
Dean snapped out of his fantasy and turned. The detective held the front door open and waited for Dean to take the hint.
Castiel cropped the photos he wanted to ask Dean about and looked at his watch. It was just hitting midnight. Too late to go and question Dean, but not too late for a much needed drink. He drove toward home with the folder of pictures under his arm and handed his Trailblazer off to the valet at Jeffrey's. The restaurant inside was sparsely populated, but the bar had a few familiar faces. Especially the bartender, Balthazar.
Before Dean could react to that, Balthazar spoke to Gabriel, “Brother, I think we should go there.”
The man’s blue eyes looked startled for a fleeting moment, like he couldn’t believe Dean was speaking to him. “Yeah. Fine. I’m just going to find the, uh, euphemism.”
Before he let himself get tense about it, though, he went to Sam's closet. The suitcase was there. He took it out and unzipped it. The overnight bag was there. Nothing appeared to be missing from the closet. The razor and toothbrush were in their rightful places by the bathroom sink, but the laundry hamper was full. Sam did laundry on Tuesdays and Fridays like clockwork because he didn’t like his workout clothes to sit in their own mustiness too long.
He had just written down the order for more laudanum, a necessity in a house as busy as this one had recently become, when an unfamiliar pitch of anxiety sprang up in his gut. He instantly grew annoyed with himself for having physical nerves at the anticipation of talking to Sam.
They stared at one another for some moments, Dean’s mouth agog and Jess worrying her bottom lip between her teeth to quell her smile.
Castiel nodded and slipped into the water. Dean knew it was cold by the way Cas’ shoulders tensed, but the man made no sound and before he could protest, he was submerged and moving to the caves, belied only by a faint ripple on the surface of the lake.
Castiel Novak locked eyes with Detective Dean Winchester, and for a moment they were both stuck in stunned attraction. Novak shook his head slightly and forced himself to look away. “My brother may be in trouble.”
Castiel felt a sweat prickle across his chest, and for once his trench coat felt less like a comfort and more like a hindrance.
“We didn’t exactly hunt for it. Grandma went up there with her easel and we had a picnic basket, and Gabe and I did some mean swashbuckling with fallen branches, across from the grotto, but we didn’t go to the caves. It never crossed our minds. When we were with Grandma and she was painting, we stayed behind her instead of in front of her. We played in the woods.”
Sam tore open the letter and gasped, “It’s from Bobby,” he muttered. “Mr. Singer,” he clarified for the younger ladies. “He’s in the capital doing some recruiting to bring more people to Winchester, and he says the entire community is a tinderbox. Since he is no longer an insider among them, he isn’t sure of when, but he says the citizens of Glassblowers Street are planning to riot against the landlords and the soldiers who demand higher payment or immediate eviction.”
...in which it is a fine day for a walk
"What kind of--" Sam falters. "What kind of creature was that, Bobby? What's wearing my brother?"
The first fat drops of rain were cold upon Dean’s face. But the fire under his skin burned hot as he pushed back against the alpha.
“Don’t know this guy,” he said, stopping on a photo of Sam Winchester, “but boy would I like to.” He winked conspiratorially at Cas before focusing again on the selfie. “I remember him. He stopped at my booth and bought a pristine vintage Led Zeppelin album without batting an eye at the price tag.” Under his breath, he continued, “Wouldn’t mind getting my tongue lost in those dimples.”
“He went with the other one. Bally, I think he called him, to call on Lord Crowley and alert him there’s a thief in the neighborhood.”
“And they were unkind to you?” Dean remembered Ellen’s story and bristled at having Castiel’s bullies under the same roof he slept beneath.
“Meaning?”
As sleep claimed him, Dean thought the plan through in a dream: the crossroads, the box, the dirt, the deal, the reunion, the kiss.
"Dean Winchester, meet Silla."
"Dean, this is my girl, Claire."
"No. If your brother is involved--"
With that thought in mind, Cas moved toward the front door instead of the window. His movement attracted attention, and another two shots rang out in the night, but he made it to the door. Then several things happened at once.
Through the windows, the light from the hearth inside Missouri’s shop glowed from her multicolored windowpanes, scattering rainbows across the street stones. On the opposite side of the crossroads, a building of a middling size was under construction, and Dean said it would be a general store.
"You're alive," Dean sighed and got to his feet. He approached Cas with swift strides but stopped himself before throwing his arms around the other man, considering his bandages.
“Couldn’t help but notice you don’t like the gin, loverboy,” Meg cooed.
Throughout the following days, Dean and Charlie were inseparable as they worked on the electric lights. Dean missed Castiel, as he had ridden to the capital on some personal business and had been gone a few days, but the pining omega kept himself busy with his work and tried not to let his wistful mood bring Charlie down. It was a fine day just after Easter when Dean and Charlie were in her workshop together that Castiel returned from his business. Dean went to the alpha immediately, but Castiel excused himself from his omega saying he had important letters to write and needed to be undisturbed, so Dean buried his disappointment behind a brave smile and carried on as though the alpha were still away.
Dean ducked when she went to run her fingers through his hair. He knew the score. He could wipe this table clean, pocket the dough— all two grand of it— and he could take Meg back to his hotel and keep her for the night only to wake up bright and early Sunday morning a broke corpse. He was not the fool everyone kept taking him to be.
“They were before,” Dean assured him, without any thought to the impropriety of such a compliment. The omega, in his sympathy, was utterly without guile or art, simply stating a fact that he woefully mourned.
“That devil,” Dean admired.
Castiel beamed at Dean. “There, you see. You’ll ride Baby.”
“You, uh, got a name, mister?”
Looking back on this later, Dean would think he’d been outside of his body, looking at the scene down in the morgue like a stranger. It was surreal to be walking through this shit green corridor full of buzzing fluorescent lights next to Douchey McCop. Even more surreal was having a bunch of papers shoved at him, the pull of the sheet over Bobby’s face happening before he was ready, the coroner’s assistant’s Smurf scrubs, the too-bright bleachy smell of the place.
Castiel’s face transformed from concern at discovering Dean had no appetite to wide-eyed guilt at having not been aware of it sooner. “I… I should have,” he stuttered, shamefaced. “Dean, I’m so sorry.”
Sam looked rightfully disturbed. “Huh. Poor kid.”
for twenty-four hours." He had the nerve to finger the air quotes around the word "missing."
"If you don’t mind, I have to swing by my place first to check on something."
Colonel Castiel Milton arrived a week later than Dean with his own small retinue that included a pair of rowdy men in misleadingly austere waistcoats and fine hats. Dean was introduced to Lord Balthazar, Earl of Milton and Gabriel, Lord Milton before the pair of them vanished to a neighboring estate to shoot. Additionally, Castiel brought along the lady scientist he had spoken of at the wedding lunch. She had lofty hopes to outfit the castle in the new electric light mechanisms that she had seen demonstrated at a grand expo in France, and which Dean recalled Sam reading about in a newspaper. The scientist’s name was Lady Celeste Bradbury, and although she wore breeches and bowed rather than curtseyed, Dean could tell she had been born into her title, unlike Sam. She insisted upon the name Charlie instead of Celeste but nonetheless had an air about her of regal authority, like a queen, though she chose to wear bobbed hair and outlandish cravats. Dean liked her instantly and was outraged on her behalf that the Royal Scientific Society would not allow her a membership on account of her gender. After all, she was blatantly alpha, which should be the only thing that mattered. She wore her designation unabashedly as a badge of honor, and Dean respected her refusal to compromise her personality in favor of propriety.
When Charlie saw the new member of their party, her hand dropped the five pound note onto the counter, and all sense left her head. This was the most beautiful young woman she had ever seen.
Both Gabriel and Castiel looked over to him. Dean became suddenly self-conscious about the way his cheeks bulged with the over-large bite of eggs and toast he had shoveled into his face. He chewed deliberately and swallowed, even taking care to sip at his tea to clear his mouth. “I’m available,” he clarified then. “I know how to use a hammer. I even have a little crucible, and I can fashion nails, if needs be. Or straighten old ones for reuse.”
“I thought you were going to question me some more, or something?”
"Claire? Sweetheart?"
Castiel followed orders well; Dean had to hand that to him.
At the end of his patience, Dean was ready to saddle Baby and make his own way there when Charlie said that she and Patience would drive a wagon into the capital in order to transport as many more people to Winchester as possible. Dean approved of this plan and furthermore was absolutely determined to join his friends. He reasoned that since the mission would require an overnight trek back to Winchester, the ladies would need someone to handle a rifle on the wagon in case of footpads. Benny had already driven one of the construction wagons from the town to collect people, too.
Dean looked at him as the words sunk in. “Oh,” he said. “Catholic church is it?”
"Saving the world, though."
When the ambulance driver had loaded Sam and tried to get Castiel to ride as well so they could get the bullet out of his arm, he flatly refused to leave a single deputy to manage the crime scene. He said he’d be along later after his colleagues showed up. Dean left in the ambulance with Sam with a promise that someone would be back for his car.
“Butter first, please,” Castiel mumbled, and Dean buttered the muffin and added a generous dollop of the marmalade before handing the little plate to his patient.
"No. No, it's fine. I'll take him to... somewhere. I'll take him somewhere."
“Paying?” Castiel was alarmed. “Sam’s letter said to expect them but not to have ready money for them.”
Lord Balthazar, seeking safe passage as well, also bowed before following Gabriel out and saluted Dean with, “Your humble servant.”
Dean looked at one of the great globes and recalled what Charlie had taught him about the function. “A strip of metal is heated until it glows.”
“What fool thing are you doing, you idjit?” he asked gruffly as he uncapped the tin of opium.
"Why?"
Missouri pretended to find something very interesting with the lace on her fan as she whipped up a breeze for her face, but Charlie did not back down nor release her omega’s hand. “I have a quest,” she said. “We will wed as soon as I complete my quest.”
Castiel tried to read whether Dean was joking, but the singer looked too tired to mess with him just then. Dean turned his phone around and showed the blurred image to the detective.
“Indeed,” Jessica smiled. “You are Winchesters, after all.”
Dean startled when a phone rang in the quiet. Detective Novak reached into his coat and muttered a greeting. A few grunts of inquiry then wonder then acknowledgement emanated from him before he stowed the phone and leaned closer to Dean.
Realizing his breathing was heavy and labored, Dean pushed himself up from the ground and stomped to the water’s edge. He managed to cup a handful of cold water onto his face and cool his fervor. Annoyed with both his biology and his vivid imagination, he decided it was time to head back to the house and try to distract himself elsewhere. Or to see if Castiel was finished with his letters and willing to spend the afternoon kissing. That would be fine with Dean.
Castiel raised his eyebrows into an impressed expression and dis as bid. With the coat off, he decided to lose his suit jacked as well, and he sat rolling up his cuffs and loosening his tie while Dean swam. He didn’t really have more questions for Dean, and he should go ahead and leave; but he wanted to enjoy the tea and a nice sunshine for a few minutes anyway. At least that’s what he told himself.
“No,” she stated unequivocally.
As for Cas, Dean nosed up under his ear and kissed his throat and put his hands anywhere they would reach until Sammy started whining about it. Castiel was bright red and mortified when he was able to slide away from Dean’s hands and mouth and finally meet Sam again, under semi-decent circumstances.
Dean pushed Cas onto his back and straddled his lap, and Dean’s groaning picked up again as he speared himself on Cas’s cock.
“Has Silla met him? Does she approve? It’s not that Balthazar guy, is it?”
“Dean, please don’t. If I wanted a physician I should have rung the bell myself. I promise you I am not ill. There is nothing to be done for me for now.”
Later when Dean walked across the sofa on his knees, he smiled to himself at the aching bruises he felt there. Sex was the best feeling, and feeling sex after the fact was amazing.
"Mr. Winchester, I'm going to have to ask you not to leave town."
“Jesus, Dean.” Cas wiped his hand over his mouth and scratched his eyebrow with his thumb. Dean couldn’t take his eyes off Castiel’s mouth and he stepped forward again, chasing in for more until Cas took another step back and held a firm hand to Dean’s shoulder.
Dean looked over his shoulder at Castiel, amused at the reaction his presence commanded in the two dragoons. Unlike Dean's, Castiel's face showed not a hint of amusement. His eyes were hard and his jaw was set.
“Dean,
Dean’s eyebrows rose, and he looked to Castiel to determine if he were the Colonel she mentioned. It seemed he was, for Castiel smiled mildly at her, making creases appear in his cheeks, and Dean liked the look on him very much. “Her highness teases me because I was foolish enough to dance with her at her coming out last season, and I stepped on her fine slipper,” Castiel confessed.
"Is he rich?"
Dean steps back. "Angels now. I've been on the rack in Hell for thirty years until some two-bit crossroads demon abducts me and takes me to that shitshow that got me stuck with a friggin' ANGEL?"
“I hope to gain his leave to speak to your brother when he returns from his honeymoon.” The colonel added, more directly to Dean. “Until then, Dean, I should very much like to… have the opportunity to become acquainted beyond the capacity of working together.”
As much as he was loath to get off of Castiel’s lap, Dean knew they needed to be out of Sam’s earshot for what came next, so he pulled Cas up the stairs, slowly, pausing more than once to bite at Cas’s throat against the banister and drop Cas’s shirt over the landing. By the time they made it to Dean’s bedroom, Cas’s lips were kiss-slick and swollen dark. Moreover, his nipples were hard as nails, his belt was gone, and his button fly was open.
"Damn right you're not a hero... But." McLeod waited for Castiel to look up at him. "But you captured a notorious criminal with a vast network of underworld baddies in his pocket. You took down a menace."
“No. But face. Like you’re about to say But.”
“So as a part of Princess Jessica’s dowry, you must be heading to Winchester to make sure my brother and I can make it profitable again.”
“Cas,” Dean coughed, and Castiel turned to see that the men still grappled though now without the gun between them, thank God. He ran over and cocked his pistol in the strangers face and leveled it at his temple until he stilled.
He heard footsteps above his head and looked around the room a bit more. There was a cupboard with soap flakes and tooth powder and all manner of household items he did not recognize. He briefly opened a small casement window at the end of the room and stuck his head outside, which he discovered was not outside at all, actually, but a little semi-attached outhouse fitted with a painted commode seat!
The winter sunlight was feeble, but it was still an hour or so from sunset, so presumably, he had plenty of time to find Dean. Smiling along the track toward Winchester, he was delighted to see how well worn the road was. He was enchanted by the new windows he spotted on the old cottages he passed. He was thrilled by the new buildings and animals that greeted him along the way. Castiel was amazed by the changes that had come over the community in the nearly nine months he had been gone.
"Let's get you home to sleep. Your car will still be here tomorrow."
“Well, good day, Mr. Winchester,” Crowley tipped his hat.
Dean takes action.
“Come in,” he said.
The duke was even more stunned to see that the old tavern in the middle of town had been fitted with new windows and a shiny lacquered sign with his coat of arms painted in white and the words Winchester Arms painted in red. Dean took his brother inside to sample the ale that Claire’s mother Jody and her omega Donna brewed in their cottage at the creek that fed into the little lake that lay between the town and the castle.
Luc caught on, “No, I am.”
Jess regarded the portrait, “The chin is very familiar, yes,” she murmured and then turned to poke a fingertip into the cleft on Dean’s chin.
Dean spluttered. “I sharked
...in which alpha and omega reunite and take a moment to enjoy life's modern conveniences
"Robert Singer is not. And he is known to be the Righteous Man's friend."
“Well,” Claire continued, “even though his boyfriend was there, he was flirting with you the whole time, even though anyone could see it really ticked the guy off.”
“Plus, Sam Winchester hasn’t even taken his seat yet,” Gabe said. “Everyone’s dying to hear what the
“Both of you, please,” Castiel cut in. “My apologies for the intrusion, your grace, but a matter has arisen about which I do need to speak with you most urgently.”
That was all the invitation Ellen needed to vent her spleen. “I have not! Not in all my born days have I had a man, an alpha, of all—Who does he think he is coming into
“He hasn’t done his Friday laundry and here it is: Saturday.”
Dean considered her gentle prodding. His eyes homed back in on his letters from Castiel. If the alpha did survive the dangers of the West Indies only to return home to find his husband and child dead… It did not bear considering. He sighed.
“Why?”
She did have the good decency to look abashed at her outburst. “You’re right, Mr. Winchester. Quite right,” she patted down her hair. “You run along now and tell those men to wash themselves. If the breakfast is cold when they drag themselves away from the horses, they’ll blame me instead of their own fool heads.”
The next morning, Cas grumbled about waking up in the wet spot, so Dean pulled him into the shower and made him forget all about it.
“Your Grace, you
Throughout the night, the frogs sang loudly as Castiel wrung as many orgasms out of Dean as he physically could before the pair of them finally fell into the deep and tranquil sleep of thorough satisfaction, mid-kiss, replete with love and satisfaction, yet oblivious to the fact that the hunger would return twofold upon their waking.
Once the fire was crackling, and his fingers were thawed, Dean skinned the rabbit he had found in his snare and fixed it onto some green sticks to roast over the fire. While he waited, he decided he ought to see if the dead man had any identifying papers or anything of value. Dean went through his pockets, made note of the rings on his fingers, and pried his mouth open to check for gold teeth. The jaw was a bitch to crack open, but Dean was pleased to note there were three gold teeth, more than enough to pay the undertaker to give the dead man a Christian burial. Satisfied, Dean pulled the little box of salt from his pouch and set to eating the rabbit. While he chewed, he opened the papers he had found in the innermost pocket of the man’s waistcoat.
Despite the fact that he has no concrete reason to trust Dean’s word, Cas finds himself nodding along. His eyes are clear and clean looking. He’s not fidgeting or scratching or sniffing. He shows no signs of being on drugs.
“I—” Dean looked sheepish. “I did. That’s why I got in my car and started driving here, anyway. Why should you get to enjoy an evening with family when I can’t? But then as soon as I saw you…”
Bobby was inside the tavern with his own mug of ale and a smile on his face when the young duke arrived, and he grabbed Sam by his collar and hugged him tightly. “You did good, ya idgit,” he muttered into Sam’s shoulder.
Dean and the open road.
Dean turned away from the mirror, reached into his pocket, and withdrew a silver dollar. This he held, visible to the attendant. “How much is it for an enemy of Mr. Crowley’s?” he asked.
Later, he would blame a flick of his own wrist lighting up the face of his watch for what happened next: before he could even see the enemy in the front yard, a shot rang out and struck Cas in the left arm. He cursed and peered into the darkness and took a shot of his own at the first movement he saw by the car. A voice cried out, and then Cas saw Dean, and for a moment he thought he had done the unthinkable and shot his lover.
“Ironic?”
From the cloth man, Gabriel bought a bolt of muslin, like he had seen Missouri generously use for Benny’s leg, and paid the man to be on his way.
Feeling very dull with his empty glass tapping against his thigh, Dean smiled blandly at the passersby and well wishers, and he tried to learn names when the opportunity arose to do so. It mattered not a fig that he had argued his complete unsuitability at being included in the management of the great household at Winchester castle; Sam insisted he needed an ally in his new position, and one thing about those Winchester brothers was that each always had the other’s back.
Dean grinned at him again, and went back to eating.
“Man, I am not selling it to you. It’s a gift. It hurts my hand to see you drawing with that little stub.”
When Ketch announced dinner, the gathered crowd regained a modicum of decorum in taking their places. Of course everyone peppered Castiel with questions over the meal.
“I saw the man’s face,” Sam said, “when I was hiding in the garage. I saw it was El Chavo.”
“It does?”
Cas tilted his head. This little girl was his whole world, and he had hurt her. He never wanted to be the reason for her tears ever again. He knelt down. Silla, of course, tried to get in his lap, then, and he had to shove her off. "Claire, I should have told you. I should have mentioned him sooner, but it hasn't really been that long. At first I didn't know if it would last, and then I didn't want to get in the way of your stress over the big spring play at school. And then I didn't want to distract you from finals, and well... now seemed like the perfect time. I guess I got it wrong."
"How-- How do you know my name?"
Cas smiled. Dean dialed Sam and put him on speaker.
Driving along the two lanes of asphalt on a mildly sunny November day was relaxing, and to keep his mind busy Dean had been replaying Cas’ story. A lot of the more lurid details came from his aunt, Naomi, but the meat and bones of the story had been from his Grandmother, Amara Baker. She was an only child and was spoiled spectacularly by her father, who was a big man around town, what with running his own hospital and curing all sorts of famous and infamous people in his Crazy Water Hotel. Rumors even suggested that Bonnie and Clyde had passed through Mineral Wells to benefit from Dr. Baker’s benevolence.
Bobby’s Singer’s compound, for want of a better term, however, was a wreck. There were as many bottles of whiskey in there as he had seen in back stage at Winchester’s show. The residence at the salvage yard was above the garage bays, and the number one witness was a mechanic who worked there. He had seen Sam Winchester pulling into the compound after closing hours the on the evening of the murder. Nothing unusual about that, since the Winchesters were Singer’s only family, but since that was the last activity on the scene before the 911 call came in, Sam needed to answer quite a few questions.
A voice broke them apart.
“Dean? Where are you going?” Sam asked.
Luckily, the weather was mostly fine, and on all but the soggiest days, a great table was laid in the yard at meal times. Everyone gathered and ate where they could in the yard and garden. Older folks had tables while the children sat on the grass with their plates. On wet days, the same process was performed in the great hall of the castle where once, long ago, it seemed, there had been a dance held to welcome Sam and Jess back from their honeymoon.
"Why do you not stand, Dean?"
“Very.”
The doorbell roused Dean from a very promising dream, but the details faded quickly as he worked to make sense of the ringing noise. Unfortunately his hard-on didn't fade as fast. Checking his phone he found out it was just past ten am, and he gently crammed himself into last night's jeans from the floor (despite the stink of sweat, smoke, and booze). They didn't do much to hide what was going on with his dick, but he didn't really care as he threw open the door without bothering with a shirt.
“Some guard dog you are,” he groused. In his periphery, Castiel saw Dean coming toward him and his shoulders tensed.
It was a few days later, a mere week from the presumed wedding day, when Ketch approached Dean in his workshop. “Mr. Winchester, Colonel Milton requests your audience in his offices at your soonest convenience.”
The day they arrived in town, however, was a Saturday, so they had time to unload all of Missouri’s household items from their wagon. Then they spent all of Sunday sitting and visiting, Missouri marveling at the tiny sprouts shooting up in elegant rows from the fine black dirt behind her shop.
“Sam Winchester, my lawy—your brother.” Cas grinned. “How have we never met?”
Dean almost retorted, but he held back, tongued the inside of his cheek, and crossed his arms over his chest.
“We’ll have them soon. It’s falling into place later today.”
Dean swallowed. “I’m flattered, sir,” he said judiciously. “I usually lunch in the back kitchen with Ellen and Claire.”
Dean ducked back inside his own doorway to watch the interloper’s shadow make a hand motion at about hip-height. From the turning of the shadow’s wrist and the sound of a mechanical click, Dean knew that Brady had turned a key in Castiel’s lock. Was he letting him into Castiel’s room?
“You and your brother were too young to be tested in that way.”
"I shot my dead brother."
"No."
. Dean gagged, and thank God they had pulled up at his place, and the cop had remembered the gate code because it meant Dean could open the car door and upchuck into the grass.
Missouri pressed forward to get him settled. “Alright, Bobby, you stay here and lock Benny’s place up. Lord Milton, stay close to push the nosy neighbors out of our way. I’ll grab some of these lazy onlookers to carry Benny inside,” the thrifty and formidable woman instructed.
Cas coughed out a little laugh. "How about because we've only known each other for two days?"
Castiel cleared his throat and picked up where he had left off. “So, Sam’s photos link Derek and Bobby, even if it’s a tenuous link. Can you tell me why their coincidental presence at Palmer Event Center two weeks ago got them killed?”
“You’re his family,” she insisted. “I’m his family.”
“Oh,” Gabe remembered something Dean had said, “Is it a flop-eared mule that pulls your wagon?”
But on the cobbled high street, a different scene was at that moment unfolding.
“What?” Castiel’s eyes squinted and he looked like he was about to punch Dean the way he had done Luc.
A ferry across the Gulf- What could possibly go wrong?
His family crowded him as everyone rushed to make him welcome with smiles and handshakes and touches on the shoulder. Meanwhile Castiel did not release his husband’s hand nor stray an inch from his side.
“Is chatty your default post-coital setting? Because I’m not sure that’s going to work for me.”
Seated together in a circle, laughter was buoyant and conversation bordered on titillating, with Lord Balthazar having to remind both Lady Charlie and Lord Milton of their manners in mixed company, at different moments. Throughout it all, Ketch, Adam, and the second footman, Kevin, carried the soup and fat pheasants and cakes up the stairs as though it was not a bit out of the ordinary for them to be called upon in such a manner. Everything they served was up to and beyond Ellen’s usual standard, and Castiel even commented on the lack of buckshot in the birds. Dean passed an enjoyable meal beside his true mate and in the company of new budding friendships, and all earlier missteps were already forgotten.
WARNING: (attempted non-con (not Cas!))
“That’s the one. Any chance the paper’s still around?”
“Now, don’t be chipper with me, man. How’s that suit I left up here with Arnold?”
Dean shouldered past their negotiation and passed a fin to the
“Yes, I am,” the detective replied and then he was gone and Benny was there, and Dean knew what he needed.
It was a cold morning soon after that in late November when Dean woke to the feeling of something strange in his belly. He pressed his hand against the protrusion he carried around with him now and felt the protrusion press back!
Sam, breathing heavily, keeps the gun trained on his erstwhile father figure. "Why did you call me here? What kind of joke is this?"
Dean was ready. Cas had finally moved in when his lease was up in July, and Silla loved having even more territory than before. Now Christmas was coming, and there was nothing he could think of that would be a better present than a ring for the man he was mad about. There was just one little snag: He had to warn his manager this was coming so she could manage the backlash. It was one thing for Dean to marry—that could potentially cripple his career—but it was unfortunately a bigger deal that he would be marrying a man.
There were two hangups.
But Bobby was dead, and Sam was possibly in some kind of trouble. That meant he didn’t have time for any distractions, no matter how hot the cop was. The elevator dinged, pulling him out of his thoughts.
“You smell ripe, brother. I’m amazed Dean could stand to be in an enclosed space with you,” Gabriel complained.
“Gabriel Milton gave you your first air time on radio.”
"Do you see me laughing?"
Dean had given Charlie an address on Glassblowers Street for one of the few shops that still blew glass there, and Missouri Moseley and her granddaughter, Patience, kept a tidy storefront and a small but very busy glass oven at the end of the street, beside a mews. It was hazy on the morning when the trio discovered the narrow street. They found that in the mews was a smith, and nearby there was a cart advertising farriering. There was, however, no glass being blown, no hammering of iron, no horses or mules to shoe. Instead, there was a crier on a box at the head of the mews waving a broadsheet and yelling about taxes.
Dean sighs. Angels are weird.
Dean drops his hands. "I-- I'm sorry. You could have-- You could have just zapped them clean like your clothes, right?" Dean laughs, hysterically. "You didn't need--"
Dean had long forgotten the rabbit. Fully engrossed, his cock grew rigid and heavy as he read the story, and soon the pressure in his drawers was unbearable. Dean pulled at his flies to release himself. Nothing, not even kissing Miss Hurley with his hand on her bosom at the holiday dance the fall before Sammy left, had ever made him feel so desperate and wanton. When he stroked himself and spent his seed onto the twiggy ground, Dean held the paper high to keep it dry even while he panted and sweated and gritted his teeth in excellent pleasure. For a moment all of life froze except the hot vapor curling up from the ground where his seed seeped invisible into the detritus. Dean came back to himself watching that faint mist until the cold took it and he got his mind back enough to hear his own ragged breathing.
Cas told himself to breathe. He was going to sweat through his suit at this rate. At moments like this he missed Silla's deep brown eyes that trusted him implicitly, as if to say, "You've got this." In his mind, the brown eyes morphed to green, and the trust was still overwhelming. Dean Winchester was by no means a light weight to carry through life, but he was never a burden. Cas couldn't remember the moment when he had realized that he finally understood one of his favorite books by Milan Kundera:
Jessica broke in, “She has seen Colonel Milton’s legs?”
He wore a crisp, black, raw silk tailored shirt with little pearl skulls for buttons along with sinfully tight charcoal pants and a studded black leather belt. He had thick leather bands on his right wrist and his hair slicked to one side. His green eyes were faintly lined with black coal and his scent was permeated with bergamot and sandalwood undertones.
Dean’s ire was piqued. “I came out here for my own purposes. If you followed me, then I must ask you to go back where you came from.”
Castiel looked contrite. “I didn’t realize the pain was sending quite such a dire warning.”
Later that morning at breakfast, as Dean scooped a generous portion of eggs onto his plate at the sideboard, he heard Gabriel briefing Castiel on the state of the stables. He said the work could be completed in short order with a few more hands, thus freeing the builders to get started on the new houses in town that very week.
“I mean, You’re meeting me, right?”
“And the fact that there is no proof of the origins of the treasure, other than a hundred year old hearsay—I mean even the Revenuers at the time weren’t able to pin anything down—means my statute of limitations worry is moot.”
"I came here because Sam's missing. And if you've got his phone records, I want to help."
“I can imagine the telegrams waiting for us at every port we call to,” Cas mused. “‘Dean. Stop. Bring my child home. Stop. Make sure he brushes teeth. Stop.’”
“Don’t be rude.” She leaned him against the wall. The lighting here was brighter than at the bar, and she looked like she just noticed the blood on his tee shirt. “Great,” she muttered, testily. “I’m trying to take you to the employee lounge. Before I—Hey! Open your eyes. Okay, before I put you on the sofa, do you need to piss? I’m not cleaning up after you if you piss yourself.”
Jessica named the baby Victoria, after her niece Alexandrina Victoria, who had been born earlier in the year, and Sam added Marie as a second name, after their mother Mary. Little Victoria Marie was a miracle. As Dean held her in his arms for the first time that morning, he did not even try to hide the tears in his eyes. When he gave her back to her mother, he let his hand fall to his own belly and dreamed of his baby who would come after the New Year.
