Dean nodded again, and Cas settled back down. “What about you?” Dean asked, hooking an arm around him, letting his fingers trail over the warm skin of his back. “You gonna keep driving the rest of your life?”
“Mhm.” Putting his phone on speakerphone, Castiel crossed his arms on the table and rested his chin on them. “We met up at a motel that didn’t have working air conditioning.”
Water lapped against the hull of the boat and the floor creaked as Benny drained the last drops from a plastic blood bag and tossed it in the sink.
“That’s ridiculous,” Castiel scoffed. “He lets you drink his blood, and, and.” Couldn’t force the words out.
Cas kissed him back, then tugged him off the arm of the chair to half-sit in his lap. The magazine slipped to the floor and Dean shifted, wrapping an arm around Cas’ shoulders to steady himself. He tapped the bracelet. “You’re not supposed to take it off. Kinda a symbol or whatever. Friends for life.”
“That’s nice, Jack, but put Dean on,” Sam said. Jack started to give the phone back, and Cas whispered,
Cole was at the bar, talking to someone hunched over a drink, and Dean figured he’d done enough for tonight, time to get some sleep and hopefully be on the road before noon the next day. Or, today, he realized, looking down at his watch and realizing it was past midnight.
Benny must wonder what had transpired between him and Dean on Earth. Must wonder how they came to be here. Maybe Dean had told him.
Dean fumbled with the keys to his truck, opening the cab door to throw his bag inside. “Thought you were going to leave me hanging.”
Getting in his truck, Dean slammed the door shut, sat in the driver’s seat, stared out the windshield unseeing.
"Told you," Dean whispered to Cas as they went down the hallway. In their room, he gestured for Cas to sit on the bed as he rummaged through their dresser. “T-shirt and sweatpants,” he said, handing them over.
“I’ll worry about them,” Dean said. “You worry about remembering where the portal is. How close is it from here?”
“She barges in here with a dozen Djinn saying she’s engaged to Cas? Are they trying to infiltrate us? Can you tell if she’s evil?”
"I am not," Cas protested, though he looked more than a little pleased at the idea of getting to choose. Dean braced himself for whatever ridiculous romance or musical Cas insisted on watching now—to date, he'd been subjected to
Castiel clenched his blade in his fist and if it were made of any Earthly material, it would’ve shattered in his hand. He tried to keep his voice steady. “And you understand why I have to kill you.” Dean glanced sideways at him.
"I'm messy," he said, staring at the dough sticking to his fingers. He held them up to Cas, who told him,
Maybe Dean thought that if they didn’t speak, every problem would simply fade away. Castiel felt words bubbling up inside him; explanations, apologies, reasonings, pleadings. Didn’t think any of them would make any difference. Maybe better this way, to pretend. To ignore.
Silence fell over them, punctuated by Jack’s babbling. Picking him up, Dean handed him off to Eileen and stood. “You wanna...?” he motioned to the backyard and Castiel nodded.
“Okay.” Cas didn’t look too convinced, but he kissed Dean goodnight and headed off to their bedroom.
Dean shrugged. “Don’t know. Maybe one day.” Cas stared at his boots, and Dean nudged his shoulder. “What, you gonna miss me if I do?”
Insufferable. The best way to describe Benny. Wasn’t enough to weasel his way into Dean’s affections. Had to pry into his past, his stories.
“No!” Jack yelled, suddenly all energy again, squirming out of Dean’s grasp. Dean set him down and he ran to the table, clambering on a chair to grab the purple/pink monstrosity of a pretzel.
He didn’t emerge until that night, when sounds of conversation and activity had diminished outside his door. One thing he had to say for the Djinn, despite the number of them staying over, the bunker had never been cleaner and they’d all obeyed his command to stay out of the garage. Begrudgingly, he had to admit it wasn’t so bad having them over. If only Zara wasn’t actively trying to impress Cas.
Unsettling. For as long as he had known Dean, he had rarely seen him calm. Except during hunts, during fights—pure focus, mind and body narrowing to one task. Purgatory, he supposed, was one ongoing hunt; Dean’s hunter instincts had taken over, were being honed.
Something seemed vaguely familiar about the man’s walk and, as he neared, Castiel realized it was Dean, the driver he’d shared a room with outside of Kansas City. He hadn’t seen him since then, nearly three months ago, and though he stepped out a little from the wall, he hesitated to say hello, unsure if Dean remembered him, or wanted to.
Dean shook his head. “We'll figure it out.” He held Castiel’s gaze and the intensity in them could’ve broken Castiel’s resolve alone, but then he said, “Cas, buddy, I need you.”
“Yeah, it’s uh… Charming.” He guided Cas away from Claire. “Don’t listen to her, she still thinks sarcasm is a personality trait.”
He watched how even as Dean and Benny spoke, tone all familiarity, Dean was studying their surroundings, twitch of his fingers on his weapon. A change in his soul—slight, a refinement. The soft glow emitted by his soul turned sharper, more piercing. Not corruption, surprisingly, as Hell had wrought. But a clarity to Dean’s mental facilities, a fluidity to his fighting. A surety to his soul.
Dammit, Cas sounded like his feelings were actually hurt. “I don’t know, man. A few weeks ago, I guess.” Longer than that, nearly three months now.
Dean leaned forward, snatched up the radio. That had been Cas’ voice. Someone got on before he could, asked how bad it was.
“You should use it,” Cas urged. “There’s no shame in feeling anxious, I often feel the same way too.”
Benny withdrew and Castiel blinked. The vampire licked up blood trickling from the wound on Dean’s neck, catching the crimson fluid before it pooled in his collarbone, hands still holding Dean steady. “You good?” Voice low.
Castiel hated him. He hated him with an intensity which if he let consume him, could destroy the damn monster in a blink. But he tamped down his rage and gritted out, “But I will heal you this once.”
Sam and Eileen returned with burgers and fries, and Cas pulled out the PB&J sandwich they’d packed for Jack. Jack was too distracted to sit still and eat, instead going from playing in the sand to taking a bite, to stealing fries from them, to playing in the sand again.
Cas sighed. “But she wants me to come back with her. Just for a visit. And I don’t know if I should.” He reached for a watering can at his side. “Zara and the other members of her kingdom were very welcoming when I first visited, and I’ve enjoyed taking to Zara during her stay here, but we have work to do. I can’t just leave.”
“‘Cause of Dean, don’t gotta sleep so much,” Benny said. “Let us take turns keeping watch before you. Means I’m stronger than ever before.”
Someone passing by gave them a smile, and Claire realized people probably thought Jack was her younger brother. She let him hold her hand anyway. “Sure.”
Castiel ducked his head. He summoned his grace to clean himself off, concentrating hard to do so, then tucked himself back in. Heard Benny come with a groan, zippers zipped, buttons buttoned.
It was in tilting his head back that his collar slipped down, exposing two puncture marks on his neck, scabbed over. Castiel startled. If Dean had been bitten, had he turned? But he could see Dean’s soul, it was still fully human, which meant—
And it’d already lasted longer than Dean ever imagined it would. Made sense that it was ending now. All good things came to an end, after all, or so he’d been telling himself.
“Well. Dean’ll be happy to see you at least.” Didn’t mean the “at least.” Jesus, it was good to see Castiel had gotten out. It haunted him, the memory of his own long nights in that never-ending, gloomy forest. Had sometimes felt his chest might burst. Panic, fear, despair, swallowing him whole. For Castiel to have come so close to escaping, and then to knowingly turn away…
“Yeah,” Dean said, packing sand around Jack. His face warmed, not just from the sun, but from remembering how he’d freaked out almost as bad as Jack when the wave splashed over the kid’s face.
Sighing, he picked up his pie and beer before he left his room. He was going to need them if he was going to have to watch Zara and Cas interact.
“I’ve decided.” Cas motioned to Dean, and Zara leaned out to see him standing there. Dean waved. “My home is here.”
It would be different now; he felt secure in his home, in his family. Dean loved him back, told him they were done saying goodbye.
“I know. We should.” He only hesitated for a moment before saying the rest, “I miss you.” It was easier to say it now, over the phone, knowing Dean was drunk. It always seemed too big a thing to say to Dean face to face. Like he wasn’t allowed to miss him because they were only hooking up, only saw each other a few times a year.
“Of course you wouldn’t,” Castiel shot back. “It doesn’t matter how long it takes us to get to the portal, does it? You have Dean’s blood, you have all you need.”
Dean yanked his blade from the chest of another wraith, and Benny carefully wiped his weapon on the shirt of a rugaru sprawled on the ground, blood gurgling in its throat, last death throes. Seemed the delineations between monster species were blurred here; they would team up to fight a common enemy: angels and humans.
The lot seemed even busier than when he’d arrived, lines stretching out behind the fuel pumps, streetlights making odd shadows in between trucks packed close together. He paused before crossing the lot, waiting for a rig to pass. Twelve weeks since he’d last seen Cas. Not the longest stretch of time they’d been apart, but long enough.
When he and Bobby hung up, he stayed sitting. Headlights swept through the cab’s front windshield, across the walls and ceiling.
“Nah, John was more the distant part. Couldn't be bothered to stick around. I hardly knew him. After he and Mom got divorced when I was four, he kept to himself. Showed up to a few birthday parties drunk and my mom banned him from coming over.” He grinned. “She hated the sonuvabitch. Can’t say I was too fond of him either.”
“Whipped,” Dean mouthed at him as Sam answered his phone, smiling at the screen and walking off down the hallway. “Well,” he told Cas, ”you look like shit.”
Dean had seen his fair share of accidents—been lucky enough to never be involved in one—but, still, seeing one never got any easier. He’d heard too many accident horror stories from other drivers, and even knowing Cas had escaped this one unharmed didn’t make it easier to look at the wreckage.
Maybe it was implied on his face because Jack looked mildly uncomfortable. “I can tell, she isn’t evil. She’s friendly.”
A sign on the highway in Ohio read, "Hell is Real." He still had nightmares. As cornfields passed, Cas recounted seeing his soul for the first time, and sometimes Dean imagined he remembered the safety of Cas' wings as he pulled him out of the depths of Hades.
Dean grabbed his elbow. “Hey, where you going?” Cas paused, not meeting his eyes, and Dean faltered. “I don’t know what to tell you, man. I thought we were on the same page. I mean, we hardly ever see each other, it’s always just been a matter of convenience. Right time, right place.”
Straightening up with a wince, Dean wiped at his nose with the back of his hand, then regretted doing so at the twinge of pain. “Fuck.”
“What else did Cas say about her?” Dean asked, trying not to sound too interested or concerned. No need to panic; Cas had only gotten engaged to obtain the Tree of Life fruit. Not like Cas was actually into the Queen.
“The Leviathan.” He nodded sagely. “They’ll attack soon, they’re watching now. I’ve learned how to disguise myself, mask myself,” he gestured to the substance on his face and arms, “but they still find me.”
Cas met his eyes. Dean hoped he looked contrite enough; he regretted everything he’d said plenty. “Please?” he tried.
Trying to hide the shudder that ran through him at the thought, he followed after Benny and Dean. Hated that Benny led the way, but he could help in his own way couldn’t he? He knew he was weaker even without Benny’s comments and Dean’s sidelong glances, but he could still heal—a little, not enough to draw attention—and he could fight—more sluggish than before, but muscle memory guided him—and he could warn of approaching monsters—not Leviathan, why couldn’t he sense any Leviathan?
He had to return, had to reach the light filtering through the water, had to return to Dean. But the darkness escaped from him, from his very pores and obscured the sunlight so he did not know whether his eyes were open or not.
Benny balled up a napkin and shoved into a fast-food bag laying on the table. “Had to stop to get an axle fixed. I’m gonna have to haul ass to reach Portland by my drop-off date.”
Plucking at Cas’ sleeve, Dean headed around his truck, into the shade created by the trailer, and Cas followed. When Dean stepped forward, grabbing Cas’ jacket, Cas’ hands rose to his face, kissing him easily.
When they got near the waters’ edge, Cas came out of the ocean, hair dripping wet. He was smiling wide and Jack tugged at Dean’s hand, yelling, “I swim!”
The ridge wasn’t too steep, but the rocks were loose and they skittered to the forest floor below, making every step uncertain. Even so, Dean kept up a frantic pace, and Castiel felt his resolve wane with every second.
Returning to the bunker first, Dean showered, blood and ghoul remains washing away down the drain. But even the warm water couldn’t ease the jitteriness sitting high in his chest. The ghoul had been strong, fast, and Dean’s heart had leapt into his throat when it got a hold of Sam. Even Cas had struggled to stop the thing, gunshots only serving to anger the son of a bitch more.
Finishing logging his inspection, he wondered if he should call his dispatcher, ask if there was any way to drop off this trailer early. He was restless to get things going with the shop, reacquaint himself with the place. It’d been a while since he’d done much work there, usually just spent his hometime working on Baby. Now he’d actually get a chance to drive her.
With one hand, he popped his collar against the chill and rested his forearms on his thighs. He wondered if Cas had decided not to show on purpose. He knew it wasn’t fair how abruptly he’d dropped the news that he was quitting. Hadn’t even given Cas time to adjust. But he was still getting used to the idea himself.
Of course he felt something towards him; they’d been hooking up, they’d been friends, for seven years now.
Dean slid over to him, sitting between his legs, and Benny pulled him against his chest. Seemed a habit, a familiar ritual. One Dean didn’t just relent to, but expected, even enjoyed. Watching, Castiel wondered how many times they had done this before he joined them. In a world of such violence, it was strangely touching, the quiet, gentle way Benny wrapped an arm around Dean, pulled his collar aside. Paused, nose pressed to Dean’s pulse point, inhaling deeply.
But he felt bad for thinking it. He didn’t want Cas to move away from him—if anything, wanted him closer, wanted his arm around him. But he felt too tense to move.
Where would he go, what would he do? He could think for himself now, decide for himself, but the thought of choosing made him disoriented—forest stretching wide around him, no path.
Castiel wondered if Benny understood how different his relationship with Dean was on Earth. That he would never be permitted to be this close.
“Traitor,” Dean said. He flipped over a bucket for another castle, then heard Eileen start laughing and looked up to see Jack stepping inside her moat, caving in the walls.
“No, it’s just, I guess I wondered what happened, why you got divorced.” He touched Dean’s knee, lightly, and Dean felt the sensation as if he’d touched bare skin. “Sorry, I don’t mean to pry, I know that’s personal.”
“Dammit,” he muttered to himself, kicking aside a stray werewolf tooth half-hidden in the dirt. No matter where he turned, always confronted by his own monstrosity.
Cas parted the curtains in every motel they slept in, tilted his face to the sun beaming through the windshield, urged Dean to stop for a cardboard sign reading
His phone buzzed and he pulled it out, glanced at the text he'd received. “Bobby,” he commented to Cas’ curious look, shoving his phone back into his pocket. “Keeps texting me about paperwork and all these damn details about the shop.”
Thought this is how Benny kept his wits about him: he had something, someone to believe him. Someone who made him feel less a monster, or rather, not ashamed of his monstrosity. Castiel had that too. Wouldn’t ever lose this feeling for Dean, though he didn’t know its name, knew it only as the ache in his chest, overwhelming urge to protect, to be near, to touch. Didn’t want to name it, didn’t think it wise.
Jack held up the pretzel, effectively warping the shape, and grinned at the camera. "I make one for Auntie," he declared when Dean lowered the phone, and grabbed more dough to form his own pretzel.
“Not from me.” He huffed a strained laugh, eyeing Benny and Castiel. “But you got another thing coming if you think you can just saunter through. Soon as you get close, you’ll get swarmed. No one escapes from here.”
“They’re dead, right?” Dean asked, pushing over one of the heads with the toe of his boot, unseeing eyes and stained teeth turning to the side. “I mean, when we kill them here, they just stop existing? Or do they come back to life here? One big cycle?”
The river trickled softly where they stopped to rest for the night, constant background to their journey. Sitting along the bank to scan the forest on either side of the water, Castiel thought he would’ve liked to have traveled by this river when he was alone. Might have helped take off the edge of stone-silent nights.
Dean was fortifying their castle walls when Jack exclaimed, drawing his attention. The kid was staring at the ground with an alarmed expression, and for a moment Dean thought he was gonna have to pass on a diaper change to Cas, but then he realized Jack was watching a tiny crab burrow up from the sand.
“What?” Dean asked roughly, when Castiel continued to stare. He tossed a stray rock aside into a cluster of ferns.
“Put the gun away, you don’t have to kill anyone. According to a book I found, as long as Zara agrees to call the engagement off before the wedding begins, Cas isn’t tied to her.” He gestured to the book shelves. “You know, this isn’t such a bad thing, them being here. We've never actually gotten to talk to any Djinn before, and the Men of Letters don’t have much information on them. Now we can actually talk to them.”
“Nope,” Benny agreed cheerily. Settled down next to Dean, against a mossy-barked tree. “Can’t say I’ll miss this place.”
Castiel could point out that as a vampire, Benny most certainly belonged here, but he let the opportunity slide. Dean didn’t move away, so their shoulders stayed pressed against each other. In the silence, he could hear Dean’s heartbeat.
“I wanted to,” Cas said quickly. His face was red. “Next time, maybe you can tell me in advance where you’re headed again? And I can try to get a similar route? ‘Stead of leaving it up to chance?”
“No problem.” Dean’s hands were sweating as he served himself his own slice and sat down across from Cas. He
Benny huffed and kicked at one of the Leviathan heads. It rolled a few feet, leaving a trail of black blood, and the pungent smell washed over Castiel with a wave of memories.
“Well, it is a dream no longer. But we do need to hurry.” Zadkiel glanced over his shoulder and Castiel followed his gaze.
Instead, he said, “When we were attacked by vampires, the one was angry at you. Said you were betraying your own kind by helping us.”
Dean told him about his job on evenings and weekends in high school, long hours in the summer at the garage down the street. “Always thought I’d like to work there full-time,” he said, glancing at a sign announcing an approaching exit. He wouldn’t need an exit for miles and miles. “Work on cars for a living.”
Dean did too. “Hey, Cas.” There were bags under his eyes, his expression haggard, but a smile pulled at his mouth before it disappeared, like he was too tired to keep it.
“Easy,” Cas said, taking a green crayon from the box. “I could draw your every freckle from memory.”
Castiel glared at the water. “Leviathan are different. They’re hidden from me.” He glanced at Dean, who listened with a pained expression on his face.
Castiel pushed Dean’s hair from his forehead. “Did you really think there was… more between Dean and I? Or were you only saying that to try and rile me?”
He caught the twitch in Dean’s face, either hidden amusement or disappointment. “That's a good question.”
Benny glanced up from where he was twisting blades of grass around his fingers. Castiel wondered if he too felt every second, every minute, every hour passing by. Hadn’t always felt that way; on Earth used to pass the nights in his true form, or flitting around the globe, or simply sitting and communing with the other angels. He used to crave silence; now he’d had too much of it.
Maybe not a perfect one, Dean thought half an hour later, sticking his tongue out in concentration as he tried to make the bracelet turn out straight and not all wonky. He tested the length around his own wrist and decided it looked decent. Pretty good for his first ever friendship bracelet.
“He got me this far, didn’t he? And he’s the only motherfucker in this place to have an idea about how to get out. Kinda grasping at straws here.”
“Yeah, well. Sorry.” Then, unable to resist, he added, “But, listen, the, uh, the team driving? Don’t get me wrong, I’m flattered you’d wanna do something like that, but trust me, I would've driven you crazy. Never woulda worked."
Clearly, he had underestimated this place and its inhabitants. A mistake he now had to suffer the consequences for every single day. His grace was still strained from attempting—and failing—to house the monstrous souls and Leviathan inside, and his presence in this never-ending forest was an invitation to attack.
How many days had they been here? They’d probably be leaving soon. His stomach twisted at the thought, knowing they would take Cas with them.
Sighing, he dropped his phone into the center console and twisted his key in the ignition. He had to tell Cas, tonight, that this was his last drive. The only thing worse than dropping the news on him now was him learning from someone else. Much as he wanted to believe what he’d told Meg—that Cas wouldn’t care one way or the other that he was quitting—he knew it wasn’t true. The only question was whether Cas would be hurt, surprised, angry, or a combination of the three.
And yet, he though of letting Dean leave Purgatory without him. Could he be so cruel again? He let his eyes trail over Dean’s every feature, freckle. Let his gaze drift below to Dean’s soul. Content, despite their surroundings.
He could tell by the sound of Dean’s breathing that he was drifting off. Shutting his eyes, he tried to be happy for him. More accurately, he tried to stop pitying himself. Maybe Dean would change his mind; maybe he wouldn’t really quit. But the fact that he didn’t want to talk about it worried Castiel, worried him that Dean had decided to quit, to end this, a long time ago, had just never thought enough of him to tell him.
That was enough to snap Castiel from his reverie. Before he’d fully intended to, his blade was drawn and he was rushing at Benny.
It was warm in the cab, the highway empty in both directions, the stars and moon bright, no clouds. The trees along the side of the road were shadowy masses, ruffled edges along the sky, and in a pull-off area, passed in a blur, sat several rigs, dark shapes like slumbering beasts. Dean’s headlights lit the dark asphalt and chipped lines of the road, and ahead of him hovered two red lights like eyes.
“Maybe it’s not here,” Castiel spoke up. Habit, to doubt. “Maybe there is no escape hatch at all. It might all be a lie.” Selfish desire. No escape, no choice to stay behind.
Dean kept apologizing for bothering him, and Castiel kept repeating that it was alright, was there anything he could do? Dean said he was on the road, couldn’t get home for a few days still, was trying to get his route changed, and Castiel was pretty sure he was crying on the other end, though he was trying to hide it, kept clearing his throat and swearing under his breath.
Dean laughed and set the six-pack on the nightstand by the bed. Standing by the door, Castiel watched him thumb through a brochure on the nightstand. As motel rooms went, Dean was right, this one wasn’t the worst of the lot. A heavily quilted bed, a box TV covered in too much dust, and heavy curtains over the window facing the road.
Only when Castiel shook his head did Dean let go of him, taking a step back. Castiel dropped his hands to his sides, trembling. He tucked them into his pockets.
“No, Sam.” Cas put out his hand to stop Sam from bolting down the hallway. “It’s not like that, they’re friendly.”
Jack made to follow and Dean grabbed his elbow. “What’s her deal?” he asked, watching Zara and her bodyguard follow Cas down the hallway.
Dean blew him and Castiel didn’t know whether that was an apology or not. He didn’t know whether he’d been
“No clue. Seen a few storms pass through, but it’s weird. Lightning comin’ out of nowhere, striking the trees. Thunder so loud, it rattles your bones. Then it all disappears just as quick as it came up.” He shrugged. “Nothin’ about this place makes sense.”
A wide hill rose a few yards ahead, a black opening in the middle, growing larger as they neared. The tunnel swallowed Cas’ rig first, and the radio crackled. “I wouldn’t mind it so much, I think. If it was always like this.”
“We wouldn’t miss it,” Dean said, plastering on his own fake smile. “I can’t think of anywhere else I’d rather be.” Cas kicked him under the table.
“I got a donut!” Jack told her. Remains of the powdered pastry on his face proved this fact true, and Cas licked his thumb, then wiped at Jack’s cheek. Jack squirmed away. “And we’re having burgers tonight!”
“An ambulance came. Someone got taken away on a stretcher—the mom, I think.” His fingers twitched into fists. “I came so close to hitting them, if I hadn’t seen and pulled into the other lane—”
Digging his fingers into the river silt, feeling the grit catch under his fingernails, he remembered tripping and catching himself on his hands, jolt in his wrists. Kneeling on the ground and thinking he might just stop moving.
Cas glanced at him, then his recently planted seeds, and dropped the dirt he was holding. Apropos of nothing, he said, “Zara said she’ll call off the engagement if I really want.”
Crouching, Castiel studied intently the rocks and pebbles along the bank, fought a sudden, reckless desire to draw his blade. One rock gleamed, black as night. He picked it up and let it tumble into his palm.
Dean waited as someone hopped on and asked Cas to say again where the accident had occurred. Cas said he was at a pull-off area past the 190 mile marker and Dean said, “I’m headed that way, probably pass you soon. Over.”
“Cas?” Dean asked, and Castiel shook his head. He couldn’t sense any monsters nearby, but Leviathan were stealthy. They’d snuck up on him plenty. He took a step back, closer to Dean and Benny, then felt ashamed of his fear.
“If you saw what he was like when he was looking for you…” Benny shook his head. “Man, nothing could get in his way, though I tried. He damn near acted like a man possessed. Hardly slept. Thought you must be someone real special to warrant that kinda devotion.” He grinned. “Imagine my disappointment when our search turned up you.”
He fell silent and Castiel fought for the right words to say, scared of saying the wrong thing, scared of saying too much. It was never easy to address grief, but he felt anxious too because he and Dean had never met up before outside of their routes. Unspoken agreement that whatever happened between them, it stayed on the road, didn’t follow them home.
destined to fail again—Oh, you mean the ice cream.” He glanced at Jack, who was dripping ice cream onto his lap with every spoonful. “Um. Traumatic experience?”
, Cas really was gonna push the issue, wasn’t he? Despite his best efforts not to, Dean was starting to get annoyed.
“It’s no surprise that you would feel that way, Castiel,” she said. “We hardly know each other, after all. I confess, part of my reasoning for journeying here was to see the real you, to learn about you. I’m eager for us to grow closer during our time together.”
“Alright, alright.” He put Jack’s sunhat on his head, adjusting the strap under Jack’s chin. “Can’t even take a breather.”
Castiel thought, failing to suppress a frown as Benny elbowed Dean. “Didn’t tell me your buddy had all these fun tricks up his sleeve.”
The weight on top of him suddenly disappeared and he stared at the open sky rather than a gaping maw. A scuffle, a slash, a screech, then silence.
“Him and Eileen went on a weekend trip,“ Cas answered easily and Dean nodded. They’d long given up trying to explain to others why Jack had a rotating list of parental figures accompanying him to playgroup, figuring if the other parents thought they were in a weird cult situation, at least that was better than them knowing the truth—like the fact that Sam and Eileen were away hunting a rugaru in Missouri. Though they
Dean nodded and Cas kissed the top of his head. He left to take a shower and Dean scrubbed his hands over his face.
He didn’t ask so much as he stated it, but he still stood there waiting for an answer. Dean’s throat felt tight, his heart pounding, so he only shrugged.
And Heaven, too, was being restored. With his experience and Jack’s power, made into a home without discord and hierarchy.
Getting to his feet, he tucked the handkerchief carefully into his pocket, then selected the top stone from the pile. The pebble Dean had stepped over to enter the portal.
Castiel tilted his head back to study the sky. “I told myself I needed to stay here, but it’s been so difficult.” Hariel was surprised to see tears in his eyes when he lowered his gaze to her, and she tried not to let her disgust line her face. “I do want to see Dean, even if he doesn’t care. I miss him.”
Zara waved her hand. “We talked some when he came to my kingdom. He told me all about you and your brother and why you needed the Tree of Life’s fruit. I must thank you for saving the world quite a few times.”
Castiel stood off to the side, turning the river stone in his pocket. Benny and Dean inhabited each other’s space easily. Must have been traveling together for quite some time.
He shivered. But this river, now, did not suck him under. The rocky riverbed dug into his feet and, lifting his hands, he let his fingertips trail across the surface of the water. Shutting his eyes, he tuned into his grace, let it heighten all his vessel’s senses. More difficult to do so than he was accustomed to, as if his grace first had to push past a suffocating atmosphere.
Dean snorted. “Nope. Just a mean, nasty drunk.” He grinned. “Not that Bobby can’t get like that sometimes. But no, not like John.” He nodded at the trucks parked in the lot. “Still driving over the road?”
skin. His own blood dripping from gashes, his own skin turning mottled purple and blue from punches.
Dean startled awake, hand instantly going to the blade laying across his lap. Upon meeting Castiel’s eyes, though, and realizing there was no threat, he grumbled, pushing himself to his feet.
Dean laughed for too hard and too long, until Castiel had to laugh too. “Was a promise,” Dean finally said, catching his breath. “‘Less you’re not interested.”
Trying to ignore the exhaustion settling on him, he turned to Dean. “I have to agree with the vampire. The risk of crossing Purgatory with a seraph, it's... less than strategic.” Tried to ignore the slithering cold sensation down the back of his neck, the Leviathan’s grins when tracking him down. “Certainly less so when we have no reason to believe that I can pass through the door that you're headed for.”
Benny stared at him. Blinked a few times. Maybe his hunger was making him hallucinate. But the angel still stood there, tilting his head back to study the wooden planks of the low ceiling.
It had been a mistake to let Dean catch up to him. A moment of weakness. But days and weeks and months of hearing Dean pray to him had chipped away at his resolve until he couldn't force his feet to carry himself any further away.
He stared at it for a moment, holding it in his hand, and wished he’d quit driving before she died. He could’ve been around more. His mind ran to Cas coming over after the funeral, to walking through Bobby’s scrap yard with him. He’d been nervous about Cas visiting because it felt like such a huge thing, to have him meet his family. Too personal. But when Cas arrived, it felt right. Felt natural to sit at the dinner table with Cas and his family because Cas wasn’t a stranger, wasn’t just a hookup, he was a friend. He’d tried telling Cas how much he appreciated him coming over, but words didn’t do it justice. Cas, though, always knew what to say, knew the right words when Dean’s thoughts were a complicated mess.
“Um, okay.” Sitting down next to him, Dean scooped soil out of the bag with a shovel and poured it carefully into the planting containers. Cas smoothed soil over the seeds he'd planted.
“I don’t know!” the werewolf growled, though the sound came out more strained than menacing. “One day, two, that way. A long ridge, can’t miss it.” He started to lift his maimed hand, as if to point, then whimpered and gestured with his other hand to the right.
As they rooted through the box of pins, she heard familiar voices and looked up to see Dean and Cas walking inside.
He wondered, undressing in the narrow bathroom as Dean fiddled with the shower knob, whether Dean felt the same insistent need when they were together to take advantage of every second. God knew they never got enough of this. Or, at least, it never felt enough to him.
Dean fell silent. “Don’t know.” Another long pause, then he started talking, too fast, “I wasn’t gonna call you. But I dared myself, I guess. Fuck, not that I didn’t want to. But we don’t ever really talk. Not when we’re off.”
He shoved that thought away as fast as it arose, told himself it was only his stomach turning at the vile act.
Dean snorted. "’Cause your nose’s clogged up. And you probably burned your tongue. Another joy of being human."
Desperately, he willed his grace forward, but it recoiled, betraying him. The Leviathan’s mouth opened wide, head tilted back. He’d be swallowed, crushed in its mawls—
“You know, I had to work my route around to try and meet up, it was never guaranteed I was gonna make it.”
He tried to push all his emotion into his grace seeping in Dean’s skin. He would do anything to take Dean’s pain away, anything at all. But if Dean could find companionship here, of all places, he would do just fine on Earth. He didn’t need Castiel to protect him.
“I’d be able to tell if there was,” Castiel said. He frowned, focusing inwards to rely on his angelic senses rather than physical. “The closest monster is a few… I’d say three and a half miles off.”
He watched Cas excuse himself from Hannah and head off to the bathroom hallway. Dean drained his glass before following him.
The story didn’t sound like that, coming from Dean’s mouth. All of Castiel’s mistakes and transgressions wiped away, cleverly masked in amusing case stories, fairies disguised as aliens, alternate realities, trips back in time, vengeful gods. Most he’d heard Dean talk in a long time and Castiel realized now the words pouring out of his mouth were building a wall, a defence. Talk about Earth, the Apocalypse, everything and anything but what was happening between them. Growing intimacy between Dean and Benny, growing chasm between him and Dean. Maybe it’d always been inevitable.
“Benny’s right.” It took all of his strength to form the words. “God would’ve created an escape route for humans, but not for angels, not for me. There’s no way for angels to make it in here, He made it impossible.”
He chose the color blue because it felt less ostentatious than the pinks and lilacs Claire presented to him. Even so, the color looked strikingly bright in the sunlight as he stood along the street marked off for the parade, and he shoved his hands into his pockets.
Ducking his head now, Castiel studied the ground for a few paces before managing to collect his thoughts enough to ask, “And what about angels?”
“Right. Um. Well, it’s just…” Sam looked like he was choosing his words carefully. “You’ve been acting… Well, acting kinda weird around Zara and Cas.” Dean stared at him. “Like you’re jealous or something.”
“I’ve been thinking about quitting for a while," Cas said quietly. "And it’s not like I have any home I’m attached to.”
“What?” Dean turned him right-side up and stared at him like he was seeing him for the first time. Jack giggled. “Sorry, dude, my bad.” He set him on his feet and took some of the bags from Cas. “See ya, Krista.”
“Are you sure this is the right way?” Castiel asked. Hours of walking. Incredibly tiring. If he knew where to go, he would attempt to fly them to the portal—though the thought of using his grace for Benny’s benefit made his true form writhe. He wasn’t even certain he could manage such a trip, if his creeping exhaustion now meant anything.
He wasn’t so sure anymore that he was holding Jack back for his own good. Maybe he was just holding him back.
Rousing himself, he went into the sleeper berth and tried not to wonder where Cas was tonight, tried not to wonder if he’d seen him for the last time.
Benny did not refute or agree with Dean’s hasty excuse, just grinned at Castiel. Castiel kept his gaze stony. It wasn’t enough to simply use Dean for escape, to drink from him, was it? Had to snake his way into Dean’s loyalty.
“Cas.” Benny nodded at him, and Castiel returned the nod. A grin pulled at Benny’s mouth and he met Dean’s eyes. “See you on the other side.”
Jack offered him that life again, and Castiel sat, stunned, long after Jack left the room telling him,
torturous, but he couldn’t admit that—he had a reputation to uphold. Straightening, Cas rolled his eyes. “Feel any better?"
Frantically, Castiel wiped his hands on the grass, couldn’t tell whether the burning was in his mind or real, was it dead, or had it only crept into his throat, into his stomach, to control him, whisper to him—
He must’ve felt Dean’s eyes on him because he looked up and frowned. "What?" he asked and Dean shrugged.
, Dean thought. Who was everyone else? Did Cas have a ranking of everyone who should’ve been after him on the list of who to tell?
Brushing dirt from his hands and straightening, Castiel beckoned to him. “I don’t understand how you can let him do that to you,” he said quietly,
“Shell!” Jack yelled, and Dean looked down just in time to see him crouch to grab a shell at their feet. Before Dean could react, a wave crashed on the shore and splashed water into Jack’s face.
Turning back to the counter, he picked up his phone, pocketed it. Grabbed the cooler and shoved it in the fridge, shelves removed to make room. Straightened to gaze around the quiet boat.
He waved down the waitress for another drink, and Dean glared at Sam, who absently thumbed through the journal pages. Returning to his own work, he snapped one newspaper closed and opened another, skimmed an article about the victim’s family. The words didn’t really make sense in his head, though, and too soon he found himself watching the people in the street again. The boy who’d smiled at him had disappeared, though, probably watching the parade.
“I don’t understand why you’re asking.” Standing, he adjusted his socks. More loose thread than weaved cotton after so many days of wearing them.
Cas studied him for a long moment, then said, “Okay.” He carefully folded the blanket. “We’re keeping this, though. I still think it’ll work.”
The line was silent for a long moment, then, “I don’t know why I said that. It’s not… I don’t even know what she’s up to nowadays.” Thin screech of chair legs on the floor. “I don’t really care anymore, ya know? Can’t remember the last time I thought about her. I was thinking about you, that’s why I called.”
When their castles began to spread beyond the acceptable range of their chairs and umbrella, they asked Jack to choose the winner and he stared down both castles, expression serious, before rushing one and knocking it down, shrieking in delight and doing the same to the other.
“Dean,” he warned, or wanted to, but his words stuck in his throat at the bottomless, inky eyes staring back at him.
Cas started to respond, but movement drew his eyes to Jack just in time to watch him poke at a peach and shift the entire infrastructure of perfectly balanced fruit. Though he leapt forward to stop the avalanche, he couldn’t get there in time to save ten or more peaches from launching themselves into the air and rolling away.
Dean was twenty-five when he first saw Cas on a stretch of road fifty-one miles outside of Golden, Colorado, on a sunny afternoon in August of 2004. If anyone asked him, he’d never admit to remembering all those details. But he did.
With every second passed, Dean sank back heavier against the vampire, eyes closed. A voice in Castiel’s head, reason, told him to demand that Benny stop, but he found himself transfixed by the steady rise and fall of Dean’s chest, the flutter of his eyelids, the movement of Benny’s throat as he drank him down.
“You can’t con a con man, boy. It ain’t fine, and I gotta know, because this is my shop we’re talking about. What’s got your panties in a twist?”
“Should be ready to unload in 'bout an hour,” said the man behind the desk at Dean’s Minneapolis drop-off location, taking the paperwork Dean had signed.
“That’s beautiful, Jack.” Cas pointed to the smallest stick figure with the biggest wings and smile. “I love how you drew yourself.”
Dean waited for an answer, and he forced himself to feel the hard ground under him and the throbbing pain in his wrist. “I’m here.”
Thinking of Bobby, he reached for his phone to text him, tell him to head over to pick him up. Then he paused and let his hand drop. Once Bobby picked him up, that was it. Much as he’d wanted to quit for so long, it all felt too soon. He’d been driving for 15 years, but it still seemed there were things left undone, unsaid. Like he was leaving on the cusp of something more.
Instead, thought of Dean gripping Benny’s hand, obvious pleasure. Traitorous mind creating new images, what they might be doing now. So clear Benny knew how to please him. So different from Castiel, who only managed to frustrate Dean, create new difficulties in his life.
Castiel thought. Though Benny kept insisting that they were headed the right way, the days continued to pass without any sign of a portal.
Dean changed lanes, watched a tarp flap over the bed of a pick-up truck. "I don't know how," he admitted.
When they parked at the mall, Cas grabbed Jack’s hand before he could sprint across the parking lot. “You have to look both ways,” he reminded him gently, and Jack nodded.
Clean-shaven, Dean’s freckles were visible along the bridge of his nose and over his cheeks. He tilted his head back to meet Castiel’s eyes and for a heart-wrenching moment, Castiel thought he would refuse.
Dean wheeled around to see Sam standing in the doorway. “What’s it look like?” He slammed shut the fridge door. “Making a goddamn pie.”
He'd laid aside prejudices to capture the Purgatory souls with Crowley, after all. Loathed the demon with every inch of his being, but listened to him, worked with him. Blinded by a need to prove himself. Surely Dean was more justified in trusting Benny than he was in trusting Crowley.
“Traitor,” the werewolf snarled at Benny. “Wouldn’t trust the word of any vamp willing to betray his own kind.”
Benny was silent for a long moment, then he sighed, defeated. “Well, hell. He chased after you didn’t he? Kept trying to convince him not to, told him you weren’t worth risking his life, but he kept going.”
Letting the tower collapse, he pulled his hands into his lap and watched Benny pull away from Dean, Dean shivering a little as he readjusted his collar and shirt.
Balancing one stone carefully, drawing his hand back slowly, Castiel drew his eyes away from the stones. Hariel stepped forward cautiously, heard Zadkiel swear in Enochian under his breath.
Castiel was well aware that healing Dean erased any consequences of letting a vampire feed from him. But he couldn’t leave him standing there, neck stinging, blood trickling under his collar, just to learn some lesson.
It was late, and Dean was pretending to be more drunk than he really was to win another game of pool and a decent sized bet. The man he was playing against—Cole, Dean thought he’d heard—glowered at him over the table when Dean sunk the 8-ball.
“Your girlfriend’s gonna start looking for you soon,” Dean interrupted. Cas lifted his head and squinted at him. “She sure is trying to impress you, going on and on about her kingdom.”
, but he knew Cas would see straight through the lie. Sitting down on the edge of the bed, he shrugged, dropping his hands into his lap. “Just shook up. Coulda been a bad one.”
“And I don’t wanna know.” Floating onto his back, he looked up at the sky. “Where’s this light come from? No sun, no moon. No clouds neither.”
He must’ve dozed off because suddenly he was startling awake at his alarm going off. Swearing, he leaned over Cas, fumbled for his phone, and managed to turn the blaring noise off. Dropping back down, he rubbed his hands over his face. Sounds of the parking lot coming to life carried from outside, muffled and distant.
Visions of Kelly, content, calm, undisturbed by the fears and guilt which racked her then. Sam, carefree, no weight on his shoulders. Dean. Suffused with joy.
“Damn, it's good to see you,” Dean said, giving him a final squeeze as he pulled away. He patted Castiel’s face. “Nice peach fuzz.”
, he thought, testing the words out as Dean pulled his hips down against his own. He was surprised at how natural the words felt. Not enough to say them aloud, though. Not when he thought the sentiment might be one-sided. It was enough just that Dean was here.
Jack took a few, tottering steps towards the bird, both staring each other down, then held out his french fry. Dean leaned over to push his hand down. “Don’t feed it.”
A crowd of middle-aged people walked in the parade, t-shirts reading variations of MOM HUGS, DAD HUGS, GRANDPA HUGS. Dean watched as people stepped off the sidewalk and hugged the moms and dads, some crying as soon as arms wrapped around them.
“You’re alright,” he told him, squeezing his tiny hand, wiping the water from his face. “I got you.”
Hearing water, Castiel took a few steps in that direction, listening carefully for any disturbance in the rhythmic splashing which would indicate an errant footfall. He heard footsteps behind him and, recognizing them as Dean, didn't turn to look at him.
“It doesn’t hurt too bad.” Could feel his grace beginning to heal the bone. But he let Dean wrap a handkerchief around the bone, wincing as the bones clicked into place. A strip of red, bubbled skin around his wrist, scalded from the Leviathan’s tongue.
Dean inwardly pleaded, stopping in front of him. Cas stubbed out his cigarette on the curb, still not meeting his eyes.
While she’d meant them kindly, they only motivated him to stay away. He wouldn’t fail; he wouldn’t slink back home with his tail between his legs. And he hadn’t.
Cas pulled out the container of Jack’s half-eaten chicken nuggets and Dean protested, thinking of a fateful day with a bag of cheerios—he was still finding them in every nook and cranny of the car. “No eating in the backseat.”
Thankfully, Jack seemed none the worse for wear, sniffling only a little as he focused intently on filling his bucket with sand, then dumping it out, then filling it again.
The tower fell underneath his hands and he built it up again, higher, higher, fall down, build again.
“Don’t you dare go anywhere,” Dean threatened as if he could see Castiel’s wings stretching out, a frantic desire to flee. “You hear me? You stay right here. You’re safe.”
“Cas! Damn it! Come on!” Dean clambered the rest of the way to the portal and without hesitation, took a step inside. The blue light consumed his leg and lower half, and Castiel could tell he was struggling to fight its pull, to keep one foot in Purgatory.
“I was when I was falling asleep,” Cas grumbled. But he shifted to face Dean. In the faint light coming from the bunker hallway, Dean could see the concern in his eyes. It sent a pang through him. Cas had given up so much, and Dean was doing all he could to make sure he never regretted it, and Cas told him all the time that he was content with his choice, but still the worry sat heavy in his stomach.
Castiel’s first days on Earth after his time in the Empty were dizzying. He was alive, he could feel joy without a threat hanging over his head, he could look at Dean without a secret sitting heavy in his chest, and he could hear Dean say the words he’d never let himself dream of hearing.
“We have acquired the target,” Hariel called to Cael, to the others stationed nearby, felt their triumph course through her. “It is time to leave.”
Stomping away did not feel nearly as dignified or powerful as he wished, especially accompanied by Benny’s low chuckle. Drawing his weapon simply to feel the cool, sleek surface in his palm, he twirled the smooth blade. Behind him, Dean and Benny, mercifully, settled down without much talking. Or any blood drinking. Much as Benny pretended to be aware of Dean’s limits, Castiel had seen too many vampire victims. Once bloodlust took over, any semblance of humanity which vampires had disappeared. They’d drink to their fill, their victim be damned.
Hot tears burned his eyes. Losing control. He curled his fingers into his coat sleeves, began to recite Enochian under his breath. Instructions, the angelic mission pounded into his head. Guard, worship, avenge. Every angel knew them by heart. Intimate syllables, etched into their forms, comforting in their familiarity.
The bar emptied out slightly as the night wore on, but it still remained too crowded and too warm. He was drinking too much, it was too late, and he hadn’t wanted to be here in the first place. Dean sat at a table with Benny and others, and though Carmen hung around, she wasn’t getting anywhere with him. He tried to catch Castiel’s eyes a few times and Castiel avoided his gaze, tried to pay attention to whatever Noah was talking about.
“Cas, hey, you’re safe, it’s dead, alright?” Hands on his shoulders, on his face, forcing him to look at Dean, meet his eyes. “You’re right here, I’m here.”
“Nah, I’m fine,” Benny drawled, pulling his arms away. Dean straightened, spell broken, but rather than get up, Benny touched two fingers to Dean’s chin, tilted his head to look back at him. Dean stilled and his lips parted a half-second before Benny kissed him.
“Cool.” Dean hovered near his chair, suddenly feeling sheepish holding the thin bracelet in his hand. He cleared his throat. “Hey, you, uh. You know what day it is?”
Crackling radio in Omaha, searching for a station. Cassette-tapes pulled out of a box that he hadn’t rifled through since a time when angels were still a myth, god didn’t exist, and death was always close, but not someone they knew by name. Black Sabbath, Motorhead, Metallica. Then, out of Cas' pocket, his own “Top 13 Zepp Traxxs,” which he was surprised to learn Cas still kept, the words on the label faded.
Grabbing his phone, he told himself to suck it up and call Bobby. Time to quit, time to move on. Instead, his eyes fell to a crumpled receipt in the center console. He grabbed it to throw it away, then noticed it was from one of the motels he and Cas had stayed at a few days ago.
What might’ve changed if he'd known Cas when he was twenty-two, when Sam left for college and Dad left with a cutting,
before Cas started to nod off. Dean took the mug from him, and his eyes fluttered open, head jerking up. "I'm fine," he said.
Cas nodded solemnly and hovered his palm over the bracelet, a glow warming the strands before subsiding. "Nothing can break it, so I can wear it forever." He leaned his head back against Dean’s arm to meet his eyes.
“Don’t think he sees it that way.” He had tried to say something, bridge the distance, before he and Dean parted ways.
A ringing pierced the night, startling him, and he pulled his phone from his pocket. “Hey, Bobby,” he said, answering it.
“Not fair,” he complained. “You don’t ever get cold, not with all the blood you’re drinking. Cas doesn’t either.”
Outside the window, a streetlight turned red on an empty road behind the lot. Dean leaned on the wall and watched, absentmindedly picking at the skin around his thumbnail. He should’ve seen the signs—Cas asking to team drive, Cas visiting him when his mom died.
, he’d missed this, being with Cas—he meant it, even if he hadn’t been able to say it last night. Was
Nearly three months ago, Bobby sat him down and told him he was retiring, that Singer’s Auto Shop would need a new owner. In his next breath, he’d said he wanted Dean to consider taking over. Dean had been driving for fourteen years and talking about quitting for more than half that long; it didn’t take much persuasion for him to agree.
His last drive. It sounded so final. Even if they did see each other again, even if Cas did visit him in Sioux Falls, they’d never have it again like this.
“Yeah, Gabe. He called me, fuck... last week, I think. Keeps saying he’ll visit, but he’s not going to. Probably better, nothing for him here.”
Hefting the box of peaches into the crook of his arm, Cas turned to see Dean walking over, a brown bag in one hand, an open container in the other displaying a half-eaten slice of pie. “There you are.”
He grinned when Cas glared at him and stood up. If there was anyone more competitive than him, it was Cas.
He fumbled with Cas’ fly, and Cas pushed his hands away. “There’s a motel down the street, you know.”
“If he has this much energy now, what the hell’s he gonna be like when you give him a chocolate chip pretzel?” Dean asked Cas, putting the oregano and soy sauce back. He had no idea which pretzel Cas had slipped the sauce into and was not eager to find out.
Cas elbowed him and Dean sputtered, laughing. But, all jokes aside, he thought he understood. It’d been a while since he met someone like Cas that he could just
“You’re not doing it right,” Cas grumbled, picking it up off the ground. “You have to give it a chance.”
“Anyway,” Dean said around a mouthful. “I’m thinking about rigging up a sheet in the backyard with the projector. Ya know, to watch movies tonight? Thinking Sam and Eileen can come over too, make a whole get-together out of it.”
He hoped he wasn’t overstaying his welcome, but Castiel didn’t seem annoyed. Setting his bowl down on the floor when he finished, he pulled on a sweatshirt from his bag—
He lay on his back, legs hanging over the side of the sleeper bed, his hips jerking and breath catching, his fingers in Dean’s hair, and he felt guilty. Dean had looked too surprised to see him show up tonight. For good reason; he'd wondered if he
“You’re not really making any progress there, kid,” Dean told him, breaking the unsteady silence they’d all fallen into.
Distantly, he registered a truck hissing to a stop in the lot, a cab door creaking open, but he didn’t hear the footsteps until they were at his side. When he looked up, Cas was already standing there.
Sensing Dean didn’t want to talk about his quitting, Castiel didn’t bring it up again, and Dean seemed more than happy to do the same. They ate from the pizza box, TV playing in the background—it was indeed color, though after a minute of fiddling with the antenna, Castiel had given up trying to lose the static.
He shifted again, the mattress creaking, and dropped back with a huff. Not that he didn’t appreciate Cas trying to help, but a twenty-pound blanket wasn’t what he needed. What he needed was a full night of sleep and a blow job and an all-expenses-paid trip to Cancún. His nose was itchy, his knee was bruised, his back was fucked up from getting thrown against a gravestone, Sam had already found another case in Albuquerque, and, fuck, he was just so damn tired.
Cas still hadn’t texted him when he left the bar and crossed the street to his truck, so after planning his route for the following day, he gave up on waiting for him and tried to fall asleep, unsuccessfully. He stared at the dim forms of the shelves and curtain in the sleeper berth, listened to the rush and rattle of passing trucks and cars on the nearby highway, crunch of tires on asphalt as other rigs pulled into the parking lot. Usually a comforting white noise, now it refused to recede to the back of his awareness and instead kept him awake, on edge.
An argument on I-70 and sixty-two miles of tense silence. "If you don't speak to me, I can't understand," Cas said, voice quiet under the whir of tires on the road.
Dean filled him in on the last two weeks he’d been driving, mainly uneventful except for a mom and pop’s joint he’d stopped at that had the best pie, he was convinced. Castiel half listened. Had he really thought… He and Dean hardly even talked outside of drives. Sure, they hooked up on every drive they could manage, had known each other for years now, but that didn’t mean Dean was looking to take it a step further, to start driving together.
"Charlie," Dean agreed. "He's got plenty of friends." Cas only stared him down with a particular smitey look in his eyes, and though Dean knew there wasn't a real threat behind the gaze, he sighed. "
Pushing open the doors to outside, he fumbled to find his keys in his jacket pocket. Several trucks were parked at the back of the gravel lot, and Dean had almost reached his when he heard someone call “Hey!” behind him.
“Really?” Castiel leaned over to see the photo of Jack in a school uniform, wearing a backpack nearly as big as he was. “Crazy. I remember you showing me a photo right after he was born.”
Dean turned red and scrambled furiously for a comeback. "Yeah, and you're, you're still a little shit." Nailed it.
“DAD!” Jack ran full force to Dean, crashing against his legs. Before Dean could recover, Jack turned to Cas, who crouched down and took him into his arms, nearly getting knocked down in the process. He held onto him tightly, shutting his eyes as he buried his face into Jack’s shoulder.
Dean gave Benny another look before turning back to Castiel. “He’s right, Cas. He ain’t hurting me.”
“Uh, yeah,” Dean said, feeling his face warm as he sank down on the driver’s seat. “Yeah, our routes crossed.”
He might not've known for sure, but he was pretty sure he could guess. "Alright, well." He dumped the dough onto the table and divided it into small sections. "Time to experiment, I guess."
“I'm just saying…” Keeping his hand on Dean’s shoulder, he tried to pour everything building inside of him into words. “If it doesn't work, thank you. Thank you for everything.”
He’d tried to be kind yesterday morning when they argued at the motel, tried to accept that Dean was quitting, nothing to do about it. Maybe it was his fault for never asking for more earlier. Maybe he’d always known the response he’d get if he tried. Maybe they were always destined to end this way. He was finding it harder and harder to accept the fact without any bitterness. After all this time, for Dean to treat everything they had together like nothing, not even worth trying to keep alive...
Dropping the channel guide onto the TV, Castiel tried to come up with a response, and Dean continued, “The timing’s right, and I’ve got experience, ya know, I’ve worked there on and off.”
Sounds of shifting, and Castiel couldn’t resist glancing at them. Benny getting between Dean’s legs and bending over him, Dean leaning back on his elbows, watching. Glancing over, Benny caught Castiel's eye. Winked before taking Dean in his mouth.
Breaking through a layer of brush, she spotted a figure crouched by a pile of stones and stopped abruptly.
“Oh. Shit.” So, Cas had given up his full break to pick up extra work, to see him. “You didn’t need to do that.”
Sam and Eileen went to the boardwalk to get everyone lunch, and Dean got Jack to stop kicking sand everywhere by convincing him to sit down and burying his legs in the sand.
His eyes met Dean’s. Well. There had been more to it than that, hadn’t there? Only Dean could have appealed to him and changed his allegiances in the moment. Intent gaze, telling him,
“I don’t wanna unpack all that.” He looked at Cas and smiled a little. “You sure you don’t wanna marry her?”
, but the other told him this was the mature thing to do. Give Cas the freedom to make up his own mind.
“And I woulda killed them, no problem.” He smiled, baring his teeth, points of his fangs just visible.
Castiel let his eyes travel over Dean, the grime and scratches marking his face, his arms crossed tight around himself. “I… It’s one of the things I admire about Dean. He sees the best in people. Saw the best in me, even when I gave him every reason not to.”
"I'm only going to stop because talking hurts too much," Cas told him, tossing a tissue at the trashcan and missing sorely. Dean grimaced.
"Well, uh, wash your hands," Sam said, stepping back as Cas started for the door, Dean following. "Don't wanna spread any germs. And try to stay out of the library."
this chapter was one of my favorite to write :) lmk what you thought in the comments and as always, thank you for reading <33
His eyes traveled from the road to the distant, low mountain ridges that lined the horizon. Big, fluffy clouds bunched high above in the light blue sky slowly turning orange and pink. He wondered if he should start apartment hunting, find a place near the shop, maybe in downtown Sioux Falls. Sounded kinda lonely, though, to live somewhere by himself.
“Pay up,” Dean said, grinning as he straightened. Cole threw a few bills on the table, muttering something under his breath, and Dean called, “Good game,” after him as he stomped off to the bar.
Sitting down in the driver’s seat, he pulled out his phone and scrolled through his contacts to Bobby’s name—then kept going, stopped at Cas’ name. He should leave things how they were, right?
and Castiel tugged his awareness back to himself, to the stones underneath his hands, tower toppled over, the balance all wrong. Temptation to creep forward and watch, to see if Dean would finally meet his eyes. Wanted to know why Benny and not him. Didn’t think he deserved to know.
Dean took a step backwards. “Dude, gross! Seriously? Sneeze into your elbow. That’s like preschool 101.”
“Oh, great,” Dean complained as the smoke cleared to reveal a lump of black ooze forming upwards into the dripping shape of a Leviathan.
He settled down on Dean’s right so Dean lay between him and Benny. Crossing his legs, he shut his eyes, letting his senses scour the surrounding area. No threat at the moment.
And himself, fully restored to his glory, majestic in a way he hardly remembered, wings flared, strong.
A hand on his elbow. “What’s done is done, alright? We both fucked up. Let’s deal with the main issue—getting out of here—not, bring up the past.” He squeezed his elbow and Castiel met his gaze.
“The sign out front said we even get color TV.” The door stuck and he had to force it shut with his shoulder in order to lock it. “Wonder of wonders.”
still made Dean’s heart skip a beat. But it was true. He loved Cas and he’d do anything for him. The same, he knew, was true on Cas’ end.
And for once, he knew he didn’t have to, not anymore. Cas had said he wasn’t asking for forever, but Dean knew he wasn’t going to stop loving Cas before then. And he had a pretty good idea Cas would love him that long too. Forever it was.
“You don’t look it at all,” Cas deadpanned and Dean kicked at him. Cas pulled a brochure out of the box. “Soft cotton filled with poly pellets,” he read. “Alleviate anxiety and increase serotonin.” He studied Dean, eyes squinted. “You still look tense.”
Dean waited and he finished in a rush, “If you wanna share the room, I don’t mind.” Dean looked over his shoulder at the one bed and Castiel flushed. “You don’t have to, just thought I’d offer.”
Cas seemed nearly as impatient as he was, and neither of them were completely undressed by the time Dean was ducking his head to Cas’ shoulder, swearing at Cas’ hands on him. He wasn’t complaining though, wasn’t complaining at all when Cas stroked him through his orgasm, or when he got to see the way Cas’ eyes screwed up when he got him there, the way they fluttered open when he came down from his high, settling on Dean, a smile playing at his mouth.
Another flash of lightning illuminated their pitch black surroundings, the scene of carnage around them. Saplings bent at odd angles, branches and leaves littering the ground. Then pitch black once again.
“What’s goin’ on with your grace? Thought you could clean up without water and shit, just snap your fingers.”
“Yes,” Cas said, taking the empty container of chicken nuggets from Jack. “I thought it wise considering our track record. It’s a smaller group than this one was—Here, Jack, you want my ice cream?”
“Who said anything about asking him out? Just looking to move some furniture around. How’d he take the news that you’re ditching him for some apple pie life?”
They kept doing it until Jack was laughing so hard he was hiccuping, making Cas and Dean laugh too. A bigger wave approached and this time, water splashed onto Jack’s face as it crashed. Dean tensed, but when Jack looked up at him, eyes wide, face starting to screw up into tears, he tamped down his own panic.
Going to Benny, he helped him off the ground. Yanking a handkerchief from his back pocket, he handed it over, and Benny nodded his thanks, gingerly pressed it to his nose.
His blade dropped into his hand. “What are you?” he demanded, advancing on Benny. “What have you done to him?”
"I want you to," Cas said quickly, as if sensing Dean's downward spiraling. "I just don't want you to get sick."
The throbbing slowly abated. Dean had a thin scratch across his forehead, cutting through his eyebrow. Hair matted with sweat and blood—his own or that of the various monsters they had faced today, Castiel didn’t know. Suspected he might look the same.
He followed Dean, but Benny’s words rang in his head. Perhaps all angels weren’t close to monsters. But he… he was toeing the line, ever since he had welcomed Leviathan inside him.
Cas kept his arms crossed tight around himself and Dean tried a different approach, "Listen, I don’t know what to say. Sorry if you got confused, sorry if you were looking for something more, but, man, I gotta tell you, if you’re looking for some… some sort of relationship, you got the wrong job, you’re looking at the wrong guy.”
Castiel thought sorrowfully, putting out his cigarette. He shivered, hunching his shoulders against a biting wind. Turns out, Dean didn’t care like he did. Dean didn’t even care enough to keep things as they were, as unsatisfying as they were. Dean wanted to end everything between them. He didn’t want more.
As they distanced themselves from the old geezers, Jack grabbed her hand, and Claire startled a little. “Do you like dinosaurs?” he asked.
“Fine,” Dean muttered, gripping the steering wheel as he pulled out of the parking lot. “I always knew Denise was shifty. You saw the way she was trying to spin the story, making it out like it wasn’t her kid’s fault? Fucking asshole.”
If his superiors could see him now, being talked down to by a human. One he had given everything to, no less. Demeaning, especially in front of a lowly vampire. But he merely clenched his hands into fists. “Fine,” he said coldly. “If you don’t want my help, I won’t offer it.”
In his rearview mirror, he saw a car speed up to pass him in the left lane. And, besides, Dean quitting didn’t mean they’d never see each other again. But it wouldn’t be the same, he knew. He’d gotten too used to this, too used to listening for Dean’s voice on the radio, searching for his face at truck stops. He’d just have to get used to how it used to be, before Dean. Before he found someone for the first time in a long time that he could talk to, really talk to, that he could always count on being around—if not on every drive, then on enough. It was never fully satisfying, always too little, too few and far between, but it was better than nothing. He’d just have to get used to not even having that little bit.
“You taking watch?” Benny asked Castiel, as if it’d ever been different. But everything was different now.
“Make that damn thing stop,” Cas muttered, eyes still shut, blankets pulled up to his nose. Dean pulled his arm out from under him, fingertips tingling as blood rushed into them, and glanced over at the heater.
come over. But he didn’t get to see Dean often, and the last time they’d gotten to see each other multiple times in one drive had been years ago. He wasn’t going to waste any opportunity, even if he was feeling slighted. Not that he had any right to be feeling that way. Dean said he’d wanted to tell him. Just more convenient this way, to tell him in person. That was all.
His wings only flew him a few miles, but it was enough to leave the carnage of Leviathan bodies and blood. Landing, his legs gave out and he fell to his knees. Scanned the area, checking for threats.
Cas told him about leaving home, getting his GED. How he started driving to save money for college, then never stopped.
The portal’s light glowed fierce and Dean tried to reach for him again—then the light surged and the portal closed around him, and suddenly, the air was still.
“No, don’t.” Moving closer to Jack, he told him, “That’s a type of crustacean, a crab.” He made the sign for it and Jack stared at him, then the crab, which was shuffling back and forth on the sand, as if it was deciding where to go. Cas began explaining how crabs were formed, their evolution and habitats, and Jack watched the crab with a serious expression on his face. Dean was pretty sure Cas’ crash course was getting lost on the kid, but it was amusing all the same watching their exchange—Cas explaining everything so seriously and Jack interrupting with gibberish. Sometimes he swore they had a whole other language they spoke together.
He could’ve crumpled at the lack of confidence in Dean’s gaze. He remembered that look, the way Dean looked at him when he was in the hospital. A mixture of pity, sympathy, repressed anger. As if he couldn’t be openly angry at him, not when Castiel wasn’t himself, when he was wearing loose-fitting clothes others had dressed him in.
“What happened?” Cas glanced over his shoulder at where the two assholes had run off. “Why were they trying to beat you up?”
Selecting various stones and pebbles around him, Castiel began stacking them. Perhaps nothing deeper to the action than a need to keep his hands steady. If he didn’t, every snarl of a branch might resemble the jagged open mouth of a Leviathan, every trickle of the river a slithering whisper from a Leviathan’s tongue.
Dean tilted his head back, eyes falling shut. Jaw clenched, as if he was trying to be quiet; Castiel wanted to swallow the sounds from his mouth. Didn’t realize his fingers were gripping his sleeves until he forced himself to look away.
Castiel tore his eyes from the blood spurting out of the monster’s neck. It took him a few seconds to realize what Dean had said. “I’ll be fine. I’ll just need to concentrate.”
Dean took it from him and looked inside. The pie and beer he’d requested from the grocery store earlier that day. “Thanks,” he said.
Stars littered the sky when Dean pulled off the road into the Love’s parking lot. It was later than he’d hoped to get there, already past 8pm, and he scanned the rows and rows of trucks parked tight alongside each other, hoping there were still spaces open.
“Hey!” Dean called, snapping their eyes to him. “No one’s going anywhere.” He looked around them. “Cas has a point, though. You sure you know where we are, Benny?”
Dropping his head back on the pillow, he tried to catch his breath, legs trembling with his aftershocks. “Shit, dammit, Dean,” he gasped as Dean kept fucking him.
Benny was watching Dean too, and his gaze on Dean’s unconscious physical form made Castiel’s fingers itch for his blade.
Dean slept on. Castiel watched him, wondered at his trust to sleep in this place with the simple knowledge Castiel would keep an eye out.
Dean’s eyes glanced up at Castiel, then fell to the ground between them. Reminded Castiel that he was a mere spectator, unwanted. “Hurry up,” Dean told Benny.
“Will you two quit it for once?” Dean complained. Castiel blinked, drew his eyes from Benny to him. “Just wasting time slinging insults.”
“Uh, yeah, sure.” Dean coughed into his fist, raised his menu again. “‘Course. Anyone’s welcome to stop by.” Inwardly, he winced. God, he was a jackass. He knew what Cas was saying.
“Just pissed they didn’t get on the human’s good side.” Shrugged and ripped up the grass stems. “Guess other vamps ain’t a fan of me on Earth or here.”
That sounded selfish, lazy even to his own mind, but he’d tried the whole relationship thing before and he wasn’t so eager to try it again. He liked to think he’d matured some since he was with Lisa, liked to think he could avoid the same mistakes he’d made with her—never being around, not knowing what either she or he needed from each other—but he’d rather not test the theory.
“Keep back,” Dean warned, putting out his hand to hold Castiel back, stepping in between him and the Leviathan.
“You know why I’m angry! I—” He stopped short and something shifted across his expression, one fist clenching at his side, as if he was working himself up to something. Then, in a rush, “Dean, I love you.”
Dean fell quiet on the other end, and Castiel wondered if Dean missed him, when they were apart. But Dean knew plenty of other drivers. Not for the first time, he wondered if Dean had other arrangements, with other drivers, with someone at home when he had time off.
“Yeah, yeah, I know how to swing a blade, killed enough vamps to know by now—” He cut himself off, and Castiel tensed, watching Benny carefully.
“Dean,” Castiel tried, reaching for him, but Dean shook him off. He stalked off, and Castiel looked to Benny again.
Cas grunted, but made no indication of moving, and Dean nudged him. Blindly reaching out, Cas slid his hand over Dean’s thigh and Dean pushed his hand away. “Nope. I gotta reach my drop-off and we ain’t leaving anytime soon if you start that.”
Hariel shied away from a tree marred with claw marks, fur, and blood, and Zadkiel’s face—a vessel Hariel still wasn’t accustomed to—wrinkled in a grimace. “I cannot stand another minute in this place.”
Carefully, deliberately, Cas asked, “If our routes didn’t match up this week, would you've ever told me?”
They kissed until Dean couldn’t catch his breath, until he felt weak at the knees. He let out a breathless laugh when they broke apart, and Cas smiled at him.
“Had a good day?” Dean asked. Around them, other kids streamed out of the school to waiting parents, and Jack nodded enthusiastically.
The curb wasn’t exactly a comfortable place to sit, and the air turned chillier as the night grew longer, but Dean couldn’t will himself to get up, not even to get Cas into his truck and undressed. It was kinda nice, just sitting and talking; he and Cas admittedly hadn’t done much talking the past few times they’d run into each other.
It wasn’t an amusing, or necessarily a cheery statement, but Castiel felt his mouth pulling into a smile.
“Nothin’.” He cleaned the knife, water splashing into the flames and sizzling. “‘Less you feelin' generous.”
Cas looked back at Jack, then took a deep breath. “You’re right.” The bell rang and Jack slowed his swing, jumped off, and joined the kids headed inside.
He gave so easily. His forgiveness. His companionship. His trust. Had called Castiel a friend. And Castiel had betrayed him.
Realizing Cas had stopped planting seeds, he glanced sideways at him. Cas was letting soil sift through his fingers, a crease between his brows and a seriousness in his gaze that didn’t match the gentle way his fingers moved through the dirt. Dean started to wonder if Cas had come out here to get away from everyone, if something was on his mind.
Even when he left the library and shut the door to his room, voices and laughter carried down the hallway. He was glad everyone else was having a good time and completely ignoring the absurdity of this situation.
And, stopping at the street taco food truck downtown: “Jack’s eating lunch now,” Cas said, checking the time, the mournful look on his face not matching the delicious taco in his hand. “And then recess.”
And then, when he felt he could never be happier, Jack asked him a simple question, weighty in its implications:
didn’t get it. He pressed, “How many people have you killed—humans, I mean? How many hunters? How many widows and orphans have you made—”
He had looked so unsure when Castiel asked if they would keep in touch. Maybe Castiel was asking for too much. Yes, he and Dean had grown close over the years. But, still, Dean had his own life and Castiel was distanced from it.
Even when Sam fell into Hell and Dean left to live with Lisa and her son, even kicked out of Heaven and on his own, Castiel had sought out direction. Would watch Dean from afar, invisible, as if an answer, a directive would appear to him. And one did, in the form of a demon who manipulated him, lied to him.
At his words, a woman swept through the door, dressed in a long, dark cloak, her arms and neck also covered in Djinn tattoos.
Jack turned his laptop around so they could both see the screen. “I have a tutorial. It’s really easy.”
Benny grinned. “Sorry.” Crossing his feet at the ankles, he bent his head back to look at the dark sky.
He finished logging his inspection, got ready for bed. By the time he turned off the lights, his anger had faded into bitter disappointment. His face burned as he lay in the dark, wondering what Dean must think of him. Probably thought he was pathetic, for getting so angry, for acting like Dean had an obligation to see him. It was his own fault for hanging everything on whether he saw Dean or not. Sure, he knew other drivers, but no one like Dean. Didn’t care for anyone like him. And, yet, in between the brief times they saw each other, it was all radio silence. No texts, no calls other than brief ones sharing their routes. He’d been so fucking excited to learn they’d finally be in the same area at the same time.
“Hot!” Jack cried, pointing at the dish Dean had told him not to touch. In hindsight, he should’ve realized the temptation would’ve been too much to resist.
“Fuck,” he said again, more forcefully. In better weather, he could’ve driven at least three more hours. His next drop-off was tomorrow afternoon and he prided himself on never being late. Calling his dispatcher and getting everything rescheduled was going to be a pain in the ass.
Fighting back the ridiculous bodily reaction taking over his vessel, heat flushing his skin, Castiel raised his head to scowl at Benny.
The line of cars thinned out as they picked up speed, finally making progress after… Dean checked the time. Two hours. At least the last hour had passed quickly with their drawing competition.
Dean cleaned up the mess of books and papers on the table, turned off the lamps just to do something with his hands. Normally, this is when he’d grab a drink, try to calm his head, but he’d been trying to cut back lately—blame Cas’ concern for his liver—so instead he decided to head to the Dean Cave. Maybe a few episodes of Dr. Sexy would distract himself enough to sleep.
“Your dad, he had good intentions, I’ll give him that, but the one thing he didn’t have was a lick of sense. Could never figure out what he wanted from life.”
Jack returned to digging up sand, dumping it into his bucket, then emptying the bucket and starting again. Tossing the sunscreen bottle onto their beach bag, Dean glanced back at Cas and noticed he was watching them with a fond smile on his face.
“Not really. I’m kinda… estranged from my family.” Dean watched him expectantly, and he explained, “I moved out when I was seventeen, we haven’t kept in touch much.”
Dean glanced at him as he set the box on top of the too small garbage can. “Yeah. Hometime’s scheduled for the 20th.”
Sam nodded and stepped back for Castiel to enter. “Dean’s talked about you, told us you were coming. Nice to finally meet you.”
What was this creature he was becoming? Angel, monster, man; reject, sinner, guardian, rebel. Would he ever find an answer?
He was driving down I-70, hoping to make it at least 180 miles more before stopping for the night. He’d hit a truck stop along his route that, with any luck, would have parking spots open when he got there.
“Do you remember me?” she asked, because Castiel was looking at her quizzically, no sign of recognition on his face. “I’m Hariel, I fought under your leadership many years ago.”
“Yeah, he looks real concerned,” Dean muttered, hearing Cas’ voice echo down the hallway along with Zara’s laughter.
Twisting grass stems around his fingers, he ripped them from the ground. His fingers bumped against a rock and he pushed it around until it tumbled too far away to find. Benny was drumming his fingers on the handle of his blade, whistling softly, and the sounds set all of Castiel’s nerves alight.
Cas sniffed and nestled deeper under the covers, drawing Dean's attention. He turned his head on the pillow to look at him—what was visible above the covers, that is.
Benny laughed at him. “Gotta to get all this shit off.” He scrubbed Dean’s shoulders, and Dean washed off his own arms.
Benny slid down to rest his head on the log and shut his eyes. Castiel studied his hands; palms engraved with dirt, faint whorls curving over his fingertips, ridge of bone at his wrists. He’d resided in this vessel for longer than any other vessel before; its flesh felt more like his own and less a cloak with every passing day.
“Gonna rest here for a bit,” Dean said, and led him to a bare patch of grass. Lowered him to the ground.
“One of ‘em lost a bet at pool.” Grinning, he patted his jacket pocket holding his wallet. “Wanted his money back, but I told him no way.”
Dean glanced at him, then away, shaking his head, corner of his mouth lifting a little. They didn't speak again, but Dean stayed by his side as they walked, and Castiel was grateful for that much.
And hesitantly, Castiel asked if he could come see him, if Dean wanted him to come over. As soon as he asked, he began backtracking, “Only if you want, don’t feel like you have to—” But Dean interrupted him and told him yes.
A float passed with people waving and dancing on top, a banner strung across the front declaring, “Protect Trans Kids.” Jack waved a rainbow flag around, cheering along with the crowd. Claire’s arm was wrapped around Kaia’s shoulders, a smile tugging at her mouth despite her attempts to look unbothered by the proceedings. Dean wished he could feel that nonchalant. Instead, he kept looking over his shoulder. He didn’t know exactly what threat he was looking for, but the press of the growing crowds and the heat and noise, the bright colors and waving flags everywhere he looked was making him nauseous.
A long moment, then—though it made his every instinct scream in protest—he let his arm go slack. Dean let go of him warily.
But he let Dean blow him, and when he’d come, too in his own head to be satisfied, and in turn got Dean off with his hands, too distracted, too clumsy, and when they got under the covers, too silent, he lay awake.
The familiarity of it managed to make him smile a little, and he tried to take a deep breath. Something was building in his chest, a pressure made up of words unsaid, feelings he’d never tried to untangle. Wiping his palms on his jeans, he stared out the window at the blur of prairie and road. He realized he was tired of stamping everything down; he wanted to speak and see what came out.
Holding the drawing up, he couldn’t help smiling at it. It was Cas, alright. Down to the blue eyes, half smile, and sensible shoes.
Dean motioned to him and they walked around his truck. In the shade of the trailer, shielded from the road, the sounds of the highway lessened, the trailer rattling with each gust of wind kicked up by passing cars. Cas shook his head. “Two kids and their mom. Other car only had one passenger, I think.”
“Cas said she was very nice, but that he was in a rush and didn’t realize what was happening until it was too late. I don’t think he thought she would come after him.”
The words rose to Dean’s tongue, but he bit them back and frowned at the warped, laminated menu pages.
Dean glared at him and put his pie in the oven, sat back down. He’d done plenty of thinking and like it or not, it didn’t seem completely outside the realm of possibility that Cas would want to be with someone who understood him and appreciated him. Not that Dean didn’t understand or appreciate him, of course he did. Cas was his best friend and Cas had saved his life countless times and Cas was Cas—he was dorky and sarcastic and weird and considerate and too fucking earnest in a way that made Dean squirm while also being secretly jealous of how Cas could just say things and, and—
He taught Cas how to pass the time on roads that stretched to the horizon. Name a movie for every letter of the alphabet. Name three items you'd take to a deserted island. Name everyone we've lost along the way—he didn't mean to begin talking about them, but they seemed closer than ever before on the open road, under a vast, cloudless sky. The wind whisked their names from their mouths, and Dean liked the idea of them still existing, here, around them.
“There a celebration or something going on?” someone sitting to his right asked, and Castiel glanced at him.
“Mhm. Someone finally convinced me to buy a slow cooker. Hate to say it, they were right, nice to have something other than fast food or diner food for dinner.” Castiel came over and Dean scooped chili into a bowl, handed it to him. “How long you been driving?”
“No, no,” Dean found his voice, if only to stop Cas from speaking. “No, you can’t fucking put that on me. Why are you telling me now? This can’t—it won’t work—”
Dean stepped into it, wrapping his arms around her. A gentler hug, Donna rubbing his back. Dean sunk into the embrace, the chaos around him subsiding for a moment.
sucks at killing them. Might not have to worry about him dying in the portal, monster might get to him first.”
accomplished: halting the easy conversation that usually flowed between Dean and Benny. Heavy silence now between all three of them.
“Sam’s, uh.” Dean waved his hand. “Sam’s a mess and I’ve had to, you know, make arrangements and figure out where to put her stuff, and it’s just, it’s just a lot.” He looked down at the patchy, yellowed grass, clenching his jaw.
Cas nodded solemnly. “Maybe you should try again. Your sample size is too small to make an accurate conclusion.”
Dean and Benny talked low up ahead, and Castiel knew he couldn’t leave Dean again. Rather than escape this place without him, Dean would only search for him, which meant more time spent with Benny. Castiel couldn’t knowingly leave Dean alone with this vampire.
He couldn’t help feeling foolish, especially having admitted to picking up extra work to see Dean yesterday. But dammit, he was glad he had if this was gonna be Dean’s last drive. Which begged the question, why hadn’t Dean told him earlier?
“Alright,” Dean said, kicking the head away from his boots. “Same story as the last one. Few days away, can’t miss it.”
Arms braced on the bed, Dean started rocking into him, and Castiel lost the ability to speak, to think, for a moment. He gripped Dean's arms, his hips, whatever skin he could reach, feeling too far away from him suddenly, needing Dean pressed against every inch of him.
Skilled, he wiped it away so fast Castiel thought he might have only wished it, pretended to be engaged by something under the water. Though Benny looked back and forth between them, no doubt wondering what he was missing, he didn’t ask any more questions. Finishing stripping down to his undergarments, he waded into the water to reach Dean.
The rocky coast off of Oregon delighted Cas. He rolled up his pant legs, clutched Dean's hand as they walked unsteadily over the slippery rocks to step into the Pacific Ocean. The wind whipped his hair over his face and he pushed back the strands, grinning back at Dean. Sometimes at night, when Cas slept curled into him, Dean looked at the photo he'd taken of him and wished he had a place of their own to frame it.
So like Dean, to hold hope in the thinnest of threads. “I believe we should keep our expectations in check,” he answered simply.
Dean snorted and took a drink from his mug. “Think I’m a little too old for friendship bracelets.” Something he remembered girls in middle school doing. Making them during recess, passing them around during lunch. Supposed to wear one and never take it off, some superstition about not breaking the bonds of friendship. Never got one himself, so he couldn't say whether that had any truth to it or not.
He realized the colors he was setting aside were all different shades of blue. Sure, he and Cas were a lot more than friends—he had a blooming hickey on his inner thigh to prove it—but he knew the way Cas’ eyes would light up receiving one. And, anyway, they
He didn’t know how long he stared at the table, but he startled when the timer beeped to announce his pie was done. He glanced at the oven, then looked around the empty room.
“You said I must feel something for you,” Dean interrupted. Pulling his hand away, Cas nodded, looking down at his boots. “You were right. I do.” Cas’ shoulders tensed, but he didn’t look up. “Of course I do. I don’t know what it is, exactly, didn’t realize I felt anything—maybe I did, maybe I was just ignoring it.”
Metallic taste of his own vessel’s blood in his mouth. He spat, and one of his back teeth wobbled against his tongue.
Strength and heat in his palm, pressed to the wraith’s head. Her mouth opened in a silent scream, then she crumpled to the ground, dead.
Castiel’s grace had been weakening for years, but Jack had the powers of God now. The power to give back all that Castiel had given up for lost.
“Well, I’m assuming that’s what he wants to make,” he said, turning back to Krista after failing to spot Dean in the crowds. “Today’s been a bit chaotic.”
“Alright, buddy, give me a sec,” Dean said, pouring a bag of dry pretzel mix into a bowl. Charlie had bought Jack an Easy-Bake Oven for his fourth birthday, and this was their first time using it and its soft pretzel making kit—much to Jack’s excitement.
Throwing himself forward, he sunk his blade into the Leviathan’s chest again. Slashed at the Leviathan again and again and again, and then Dean was pulling him back from a mangled body on the ground, head split open, saliva sizzling the grass, burning his hands.
“I know who you are. You led a batallion against a cohort of demons in Babylonia.” He went back to stacking the stones as if that’s all there was to say.
“Your what?” Dean spluttered and the woman—Queen Zara, apparently—started down the stairs, her dress and cloak sweeping behind her.
In Heaven, Castiel had heard tales of Purgatory: a prison for the creatures which craved destruction and death, created by God and locked securely. Working with Crowley, he had studied lore, searched far and wide for spells to open a portal to this place and draw the souls from within. Convinced he was strong enough to contain them.
Dean clenched his jaw. He'd hoped Cas had forgotten that call. He didn’t know what he’d meant to tell him then, a week after Bobby announced his retirement, when the possibility of quitting loomed over him. His head hadn’t been in the right place, and it’d been stupid to call and ramble about nothing at all. He remembered one part of his brain telling him to just say it,
“Have a good rest of your day,” Krista told them. Cas waved to her as they walked off. Jack squeezed himself in between him and Dean, taking their free hands.
Dean huffed and caught Sam and Eileen’s concerned looks. Ignoring them, he glared out at the ocean. Fucking ‘course the one time he took Jack to the beach, the poor kid got fucking traumatized. And on his birthday, no less. Dean had been tossed around enough by powerful waves to know that shit hurt, and his chest tightened, watching younger kids run to the water’s edge, then back, almost taunting the waves to pull them under.
After a few moments, she opened it in a silk nightgown. “Why, hello, Castiel,” she said smiling. “What a surprise.”
The slow grin he got in return took away the chill of the night seeping through his clothing. “Yeah, guess so.”
Rolling down his sleeves, he returned to where Dean had dropped down onto a decaying stump, declaring,
It’d been 2 or 3 a.m., and he’d been staying at the Prairie Court Motel. He had a good enough relationship with his dispatcher that he could usually get his routes to end up in Cheyenne, Wyoming, letting him spend his hometime in a small, modest motel that had become the closest to a home as he’d gotten in the last nine years. Ms. Dowlings, the owner, always tried to give him the same room—22, a corner room with a view of the wide open plains—and he always stopped by to talk to her in the office, pet whichever of her three cats happened to be in the room, and use the kitchen in her small apartment adjoining the motel—preferable to the small two-burner stove and fickle microwave in his room.
“Enough!” Dean exploded, startling Castiel. “Like it or not, this is how it is until we find the portal. So sooner you stop picking a fight, sooner we can get there.”
He had to notice it all, sear it all into his mind because who knew how long it'd be before he got this again. He fell apart, though, when Dean quickened his pace. Sounds of skin against skin, his skin heating, heat burning him from the inside out. Dean bit his tongue in concentration, eyes flicking between where their bodies met and Castiel's gaze.
“Hi Krista.” Cas transferred his cloth bags to his other hand—tomatoes, mason jars, bell peppers, and corn on the cob bumping against his leg—and reached for Jack’s hand. The five-year old poked at the peaches, plums, and apricots lined up at a precarious angle on Krista’s stand. “Jack, careful.”
Until now, that is—but Dean pushed those thoughts aside. He had plenty of time to tell Cas; he was going to see him tomorrow.
Castiel nodded, putting out his cigarette on the brick wall. “My sister Anna actually just called me.”
Seemed his disapproval only egged Dean on, because he leaned back against Benny’s chest. “I’m fine. Just a bit.”
How would it feel, to spend ages in this place? Would he be finally cleansed of the Leviathan’s corrupting influence? With time alone, spent away from Heaven and Earth, would his thoughts and intellect and reasoning once more run clear?
Dean raised himself up for a moment and caught the light in Cas’ eyes. “Tomorrow? Where you headed?”
“We’ll pay for them,” Cas said, opening the door to the mall. Jack skipped inside, his rain boots squeaking on the tiled floor.
Dropping his hands, his eyes settled on the weighted blanket that Cas had left folded on the chair at the desk, a silent plea for him to use it. He rolled his eyes. Anxious, his ass.
Footsteps sounded behind them and Dean turned to see Sam running over. “What’s going on out here, what’s all that noise?”
“You too.” Cas wondered if that were true, that Dean talked about him. “I’m, um, I’m so sorry for your loss.”
“Not used to those anyway. Could go for some magic fingers, though.” Benny raised an eyebrow. “You know, the massage beds?” Dean waved his hand. “Never mind. They’re in those old flower wallpaper, quilt bed motels. Fuckin’ heavenly.”
“This way.” Benny gestured with his weapon, similar to the one Dean held, bones lashed to a thick cudgel.
He was helping Cas slip it off when Sam walked into the kitchen. “Ew, gross," he complained, covering his eyes with his hand, and Dean realized he was essentially undressing Cas in front of the kitchen island. "Get a room."
Castiel pushed his sleeves to his elbows before plunging his hands into the clear stream. The rushing, chilled water swarmed around his fingers, over his wrists, and he stared at the way his hands wavered under the surface before cupping them together and splashing water onto his face.
Castiel forced himself to look at the slaughtered Leviathan. Dead. Limbs frozen into crooked lines. No threat to him. Freeing.
Hurt more than anything else, the memory of leaving Dean alone in this place. More than all of Heaven’s righteous fury and judgement poured on him. Hearing Dean’s desperate prayers night after night after night… He had clawed at his ears, so many times almost lost his resolve. In the end, couldn’t stay firm. Couldn’t let Dean keep suffering, searching.
“Hey!” Benny called to no one in particular, raising his voice above the music and conversation in the crowded bar. He dropped a hand on Dean’s shoulder and announced to anyone who was listening. “This is Winchester’s last drive.”
“Yeah, but—” He glanced around the parking lot and stepped back for Dean to come inside before other drivers poked their heads out to see what the commotion was about. “What happened to you not wanting to drive over here?”
"Dude, seriously?" Dean asked him, brushing his shirt off. Jack only laughed, clapping his hands to send more flour floating in the air. "How ‘bout you put the flour to good use?" Placing a small ball of dough in front of Jack, he propped up the box that the mix had come in and studied the instructions for forming a pretzel shape.
He gagged, jackknifed at the waist. Shouldn’t be happening, his grace shouldn’t be letting his vessel take over like this. Closer to the ground, the smell was stronger and he retched again, stomach clenching, throat tightening.
Castiel glared at him, but Dean bent his neck to this side, deliberately giving Benny access. Sliding one hand around Dean’s neck, Benny bent over him and Castiel looked away, clenching the rock in his hand. Heard teeth sliding into skin, heard Dean inhale sharply, and couldn’t bear it anymore. Walked away and kicked at a loose twig, watched it hit a tree and disappear into the brush.
Walking and walking and walking. Every step, his grace curling up tighter and tighter on itself, trying to protect itself from Purgatory. Meant he had to strain to see Dean’s soul, mourned the loss. Couldn’t see Benny’s tainted one. At surface level, the two men no different from each other.
He stared at his hands, blood pounding in his ears, then Cas touched his wrist, fingers light. He let Cas take his hand, hold it between both of his. Lifting his head, he studied Cas for a long moment, eyes roaming over his face. He should’ve been nervous, should’ve been running through all the possibilities and what-if’s, all the what now's, but instead with Cas’ holding his hand, holding his gaze, he felt calm.
Benny snorted and Castiel turned on him, swinging his fist in a punch that met the vampire’s face, sending him toppling to the ground.
Dragging his eyes away, Cas looked out at the water. “I didn’t mean to overwhelm you, but I had to tell you. I wouldn’t’ve been able to live with myself if I let you go without saying it.” He frowned a little, then turned to Dean again. “I’m tired of never saying what we mean. I’m tired of pretending that seeing you a few times a year is enough. I’m tired of never getting to be with you.”
“You don't know anything about me,” Castiel said, heart thudding in his chest, and his voice didn’t come out as strong as he wished. Had Dean told Benny—what had Dean told him? Did Dean feel the same way?
Getting out of his truck, he spotted Cas leaving the rest stop with a cup of coffee, and headed over to him. “Hey!” he called. Cas turned, saw him, then turned back around, kept walking.
Her words had rung in his ears as he took a bus to Pittsburgh where a cousin had an apartment where he could crash. Echoed while he bussed tables at a 24-hour diner and tried to save up money for a car, for an apartment of his own.
Switching his cigarette to his other hand, tucking the free one inside his pocket to warm, he felt a swirl of apprehension in his chest. Quitting driving felt like the end of one chapter in his life. He wasn’t sure how this semi-relationship with Cas was going to carry over into the start of another.
“Best it’s gonna get,” Dean said, testing the water. He flicked water at him and Castiel forced a smile, helped him out of his shirt.
"Uh." Dean turned from cycling through the movie options on the TV to look at Cas. He felt himself turn red under the look Cas was giving him, head tilted, that fond almost-smile he got. "Yeah, uh. What I do."
“Good. It sucks.” Cas laughed, looking at him, and Dean grinned. “Honestly, it sucks. Makes you act like an idiot, and it never ends well.”
The werewolf scoffed. Without any moon, he was stuck in a perpetual half-human, half-wolf form—dark, patchy hair over his entire body, and jagged teeth, piercing amber eyes. “Old wives’ tale.”
Hovering above them, the thought of escape. Quickening Dean and Benny’s steps, so Castiel felt unsteady trying to keep up. Wished he felt something other than a nervous twist in his stomach at the thought of emerging on Earth, blinking in the sun. Instant spotlight; disfigured angel returned from Purgatory; traitor, ruiner.
Benny spoke over him, “The way I hear it, you two hit monster land and hot wings here took off. I figure he owes you some backstory.”
“Nah, he just doesn’t know how to build a sand castle yet,” Dean said. This, he could do. No-risk activities. Picking up an extra bucket, he went to the ocean and filled it with water.
Castiel looked up from the stack of stones he had made on the dirt. He’d balanced a single leaf on top of the tower and Dean’s approach blew it away. He snatched up the leaf again and put it back in place.
Pulling on his coat and getting out of the cab with his bag, he trudged through the layer of snow that had already accumulated underfoot. As he neared the main office door, however, the vacancy sign faltered, then turned off.
“Cas ain’t a monster—far from it, okay?” Dean said. “So let’s all calm down and stop the name calling.”
Dean stood and pulled up the blinds on the window just to do something with his hands. Cas had only said it as a last, desperate bid to get him to stick around, he told himself. That’s all. No way Cas could really feel that way.
Just to be obnoxious, Dean shoved half of his burger into his mouth in one bite. Jack laughed at him and Cas rolled his eyes.
Cas eyed the mechanical bull, and Hannah looked slightly annoyed at Dean for interrupting their conversation, which was the best reward Dean could’ve gotten.
“Hey, you wanna burn?” Dean asked him. Even with the sunhat and the shade from the umbrella, he couldn’t be too careful. Setting Jack’s hat back on his head, he folded up the brim so Jack could see better, then let him go.
“I know I can be a real dick,” he said, “and I know I don’t know anything about gardening or agriculture, and I know I’ve been acting weird lately, but it’s because I really don’t want Zara to take you away from us. And maybe that’s selfish on my end—no, I know it is. But she doesn’t know you, really know you! And I do. I’ve known you forever and you’re my best friend and also maybe I wish we were more.” His face heated further, and he quickly added, “It’s alright if you don’t want more, that’s fine, just forget this conversation, but the main point is that I don’t want you to leave. I mean that. Please stay.”
Cas’ eyes brightened. “That’s a wonderful message.” He glanced back at Dean and frowned. “Dean, they’re not going to bite.”
Benny crossed his arms. “Don’t act so high and mighty angel. You and me, we’re the same to him. Monsters.”
Benny clapped him on the back.“You better.” He settled on the stool next to Dean, ordered a round of shots. Other drivers came up, shook Dean’s hand, either congratulated him on quitting or told him he’d be back in a week.
“No, no,” Benny said, waving at the bar to quiet. “He ain’t gonna abandon us. He’ll come around and visit, right, brother?”
He found his truck, opened the driver's door. Cas didn’t love him—Cas thought he loved him, Cas—Cas didn’t know what he wanted.
Benny smiled, soft, but Dean didn’t see. Lowering his mouth to Dean’s neck, he bit into his skin quickly, minimizing the pain, no doubt. The violence of the act was offset by the way he held Dean, one arm wrapped around his chest, secure, the other cradling his head to bare his neck.
“I ain’t saying nothin’. Like I said, first rule of Purgatory. Don’t trust no one. You’re a fool if you do.” He glanced back at Castiel as he spoke. What was he implying? That Castiel was one of the creatures Dean shouldn’t trust? As if he hadn’t earned his place by Dean’s side, unlike a blood-obsessed vampire.
A wide river carved its way in between the trees, rippling quietly against the bank, some tree roots breaking through the bank to trail in the water. No sunlight to glint against the soft waves, just smooth gray sky above them.
with; no worries, no cares. He knew a few drivers fairly well, had some friends back home, people he’d graduated high school with, but that was about it. Hard to maintain relationships when he was always on the road. The people he was closest to were his family, people who were always going to be there regardless of how long he was gone.
Despite the lack of a time limit, furious scribbling followed. Dean liked to think he was a decent drawer, but using crayons—most of which were broken—sure made it difficult.
Dean indulged him, and Castiel wrapped his arms around his neck, deepened their kiss. Framing his body, Dean twisted his fingers through Castiel’s hair, his cock hard against Castiel’s stomach. When Castiel shifted against him, Dean’s cock twitched and he tried to pull away.
“Dude, it’s not that hard.” He sat down on the arm of the chair, more to hide his red face than anything. “Jack’s look way better.”
“Let me see.” Gingerly, he took Dean’s arm. Ripped fabric, torn skin. No bite marks, mercifully. Shutting his eyes, he willed his grace forward to heal him, stopping short of repairing his jacket.
“Not particularly.” Not anymore. He reached out and touched Dean’s shoulder, stopping him. “Dean, you have to know—”
“Remember I’m taller than him,” Dean said, nodding at Cas. Cas gave him a dirty look. “Just for accuracy.”
Castiel stared, transfixed. “Shit,” Dean panted, blinking his eyes open, and Benny pushed himself to his knees, pants already shoved down. Wiped his mouth with the back of one hand, other stroking himself. Caught Dean’s eye. Dean pushed himself up to sit, gestured to him to come closer.
Dean was elbow deep in the hood of a 1966 Cadillac when Bobby called his name above the music blasting through the garage. Reaching over to turn down the radio, Dean straightened and looked up. “Got a visitor,” Bobby said, nodding behind him at the garage's entrance.
He stared at the soup and startled when Sam straightened off the counter with a comment that Jack was out with friends, he was leaving for Eileen’s, have fun giving Cas a sponge bath. Dean flipped him off as he headed out the door.
“See ya then,” Dean agreed, getting in the driver’s seat. He paused before putting the key in the ignition, though, eyes drawn to the school doors.
For all the variants in Dean’s life, though, there was one constant: he never got enough sleep. “Let him sleep a little longer.”
Taking a step back, Dean shook his head, wiped his hands on his jacket. “This isn’t like you, man. You used to be the one—”
Jack took a deep breath, then smiled. “Okay.” He gave them all one last hug, and Dean couldn’t resist smoothing out his hair and checking the straps on his backpack.
Worse, his grace drew the oldest monsters of all. Primordial, trapped here for decades by God to protect creation.
Dean glanced back at Benny, who stood motionless, and Castiel’s face burned. He waited for the questions, the jibes, but Benny stayed silent.
Rolling his eyes, Dean sat down and Cas draped the blanket over him. “Fuck.” Dean lifted his arms up under the blanket, then dropped them. “This is actually heavy.”
Sometimes, while passing semi-trailer trucks on the freeway, when the setting sun glinted off the metal partition between west and east-headed traffic, he wondered what life would’ve been like if he knew Cas when he was twenty-six. When he was so lonely, his chest felt like a vise at night, and he slipped out of mildewed motel rooms to gasp in chilly night air. When he sought out crowded bars because accidental nudges and jostles were substitutes for caresses.
“You’re getting more freckles,” Cas said, tracing his back lightly. Dean leaned back into his touch.
“I fail to see the ‘awesome’ in the vampire aspect,” Castiel spoke up. Fourth stone wobbled, then stilled on the small tower.
“Think you should listen to him, brother.” Benny pointed at him with his blade. “See, you're an intact, living human being stuck in Purgatory's craw. This dimension wants to spit you out, which is exactly what's gonna power our escape pod. Now, I'm pretty sure I can squeeze through too, because, after all, you take away the fangs and the fun, I was born human. But…”
Cas attached the “Save the Bees” pins to his trench coat pocket and it ended up crooked. Rolling her eyes, Claire said, “Let me.”
He stumbled back from his crouch over the body and fell onto his ass. Dead, it was dead, and the other one too.
The sharp edges of the rock cut into Castiel’s palm. He raised his eyes to meet Dean’s when every reminder of the Leviathan was gone; at least, the ones visible on his coat.
Delighted in being Dean’s protector, but knew what protecting Dean meant now. Once meant watchful nights, never straying too far away. Now, it meant letting him go.
“Something.” He sat down on the log Dean slept against. “I was helping a friend.” Taking on Sam’s memories, his trauma, it was one of the most difficult things he had ever done. Sam and Dean, they were strong, stronger than he sometimes gave them credit for. To carry so much in a mortal mind—his own still disordered state of mind was proof enough of how much Sam had been carrying.
Oh, so now Jack was in on it too. He smiled, noticing Dean. “Dean! You should try these cookies.” He held up something that looked suspiciously like what the Djinn had been putting on plates in the kitchen.
Castiel felt only a rising anxiety, enhanced by the nervous glances Dean kept sending him. Was he doubting Benny’s reassurances that the portal would work? Was he doubting whether Castiel would join them?
“The bloody way.” That much was clear. Blood and dirt streaked Dean’s face, stained his clothing. His eyes flicked over Castiel. “You feeling okay?”
