He dropped into the passenger seat of Tony’s car and instantly struggled to keep his eyes open. “Everyone comin’?” He slurred slightly as he tried to make conversation.
“So… Doctor Erskine managed it after all.” Drawled the man, likely Schmidt, though Steve had never seen a picture of Erskine’s original subject. “Not exactly an improvement, but still… impressive.”
Sniffing quietly, he easily worked out the most used corridors and he made his way through them, ducking into cupboards when he heard people coming. Eventually, he paused outside what looked like a factory floor from what little he could see from the window. He tapped the barrel of his gun on the door to bring the guard over then knocked him out and dumped him in a storage cupboard that didn’t smell too fresh.
He tapped Cooper’s shield. “Well, let’s hope it’s good for something.” She managed a slight smile, but she looked worried.
“The hell I can’t.” Steve responded, looking up at her; she really was beautiful with all that dark hair whipping around her face, he wasn’t going to let these two fly him further into danger. “I’m a captain.” Then he tugged his goggles down and jumped out, trusting Stark to get them both to safety.
Soon enough, they were heading back. Falsworth had taken one more photograph of them with Cooper in front and Erik half hidden between himself and Bucky as they carried the lad between them, his ankles badly damaged from the ropes.
He rocketed passed the Baxter building, where he could see an orange rock-man leaping from one Chitauri to another, knocking them out as he went. He could feel pulses of adrenaline coming from Steve as the man apparently got rattled around, but Tony couldn’t do anything to stop the jet from going down. He about-faced, intending to head back towards Central Park and towards the busier sections of midtown to try and protect anyone still there but he froze as a flying monster climbed up the drain and out the hole at the top, but despite emerging from what looked visually like a glowing sink, this was no itsy-bitsy spider; it was an enormous space whale with more of the Chitauri riding it, like some kind of vehicle they had hitched a ride on, like the warriors riding Oliphaunts in the Lord of the Rings.
It seemed like very little time before someone else had found him. “Come on, buddy.” The guy murmured, and the gentle words were soothing enough for Steve to uncurl. A warm hand rested on his wet head, and they both gasped as Steve’s awareness of the world wrapped around the speaker.
He found him quicker than expected because Schmidt must have encountered troops and double back. However, he had grabbed one of his strange, blue weapons and kept firing it behind himself so Steve found he had to run with his shield up as protection. When he realised the man was getting ahead, he threw it which blocked the door but left him without an easy way passed the next soldier he encountered, who blocked the path with flamethrowers.
He’d died back when Tony had been nineteen; Obadiah had taken over Stark Industries until Tony had turned twenty one, but more than twenty years ago. Maybe Rogers had watched that documentary that came out after Iron Man became really popular, where they had talked the unclear beginnings of Stark Industries and how Howard had built it up.
“Didn’t we agree to take him off the cooking rota last time?” Bucky whined as he took the flask off Jim. “I’m sure I remember saying he’s not allowed to cook anymore.”
By the time Peggy found him, sitting in the ruins of the pub he used to sit in with Bucky when they were in London, he felt utterly miserable. After all, he had no one to blame but himself for Bucky’s death.
“No, but the Smithsonian did an exhibit several years ago, after Captain Cooper’s death as he left them his photo collection from his time as Captain America. There will be several there.”
“Can I use the internet to find out what happened to the people I knew?” He asked Doctor Foster, who had been unobtrusively watching his study of the painting. “Tony said that you can use the internet to find anything if you know how to look, so…”
He slid the helmet on, feeling the parts twisting to lock it in place. “Come on.” He murmured as the screens began to flicker. “Yes!” Everything seemed to be working. “JARVIS, let’s get the rest of the suit on and go.”
Rogers took a deep, shuddering breath as he huddled closer to Tony, but his gaze moved away and looked around. “M-My water.”
“I don’t understand.” He grumbled with a frown, unable to see how a skinny kid with a list of health problems was what they needed.
“Save the rest for the turn, Jay.” He said softly, knowing he didn’t want to waste all his energy too soon.
“What?” Steve looked even more confused than before, but the fear that had been present underneath was dissipating, so he was doing something right.
meant that Steve had been unable to get anything from Loki, but Thor’s emotions were coming through more and more clearly as they spoke.
Boston, Chicago, New York… there were the little planes he had seen nearly sixteen months ago, but he now knew there were bombs intended to destroy who cities. He shivered but moved quickly to take out the approaching pilots. One knocked off the walkway as Steve kicked him hard in the chest, another with got a knife in his back, another tried climbing into the bomb for Chicago, but Steve managed to drop it out of the aircraft pilotless, the man intended for it falling through the gap too, then throw a second man down through there.
“Three, two, one, go!” Dum Dum counted them in with a smirk on his face, eyes bright as Steve, Bucky, Jim and Gabe began to stuff the mystery stew down their throats. Falsworth, Jacques and Dum Dum were unenthusiastically stirring their own as they watched their friends gag.
“Hallo?” The quivering voice asked, and Steve’s eyes dropped to the small form, curled in the corner. He was a skinny young man, similar to the half-starved boys Steve had both been and grown up around; he was probably about fourteen, but Steve quickly spotted the Star of David sewn onto his clothing. A prisoner then?
Tony normally hated other people trying on his stuff, but Rogers looked good; it send a possessive thrill through him that he stamped down before the other guy picked up on it. “I’ve got stuff to do. You sleep and I’ll see you later.”
“Howard!” Steve called out as he jumped off the train, a wide grin spreading over his face. “Did you get us those leave passes?”
“But we know about that side effect now. We… well, we aren’t sure if we’ll ever be able to drug you if you end up in pain.”
“Come on now, Captain. You’re making a big fuss around all these civilians.” Fury was saying, his hands held out in placating manner that looked odd on him.
Thor grinned as he thrust his hammer into the air and called the lightning to it. “Then I welcome your company.” He took down half a dozen of the bastards in one go.
“Not all of them.” He answered with a wry smile. “I used the meat from those rabbits we got and the last of the powder we got back in France.”
“If you agree that Loki is to return with me, then aye, we can settle this out of battle.” Thor capitulated and Steve nodded.
So if Steve was understanding correctly, and the whole thing was edging towards the boundaries of his ability to understand, then the Tesseract had opened a portal at SHIELD, but it had collapsed like when you dig a tunnel in the dirt and don’t use props to keep the sides up; the whole thing tumbles in on itself. But Loki had allowed his team to steal the props they needed to dig this tunnel to allow the alien army through to Earth… just they were digging through space instead of through the ground.
Steve pursed his lips before meeting his gaze. “Fury didn’t tell me he was calling you in.” As though Fury was suddenly a trustworthy person who shared his plans.
The short man that he’d seen earlier retracted the bridge and then Steve and Bucky were on the other side to the exit.
With a sigh, he realised that he didn’t have a choice. Healing from serious injuries had always left him tired, even though he usually recovered pretty fast with the serum, but he supposed that he had a fair bit of sleep to catch up from as he’d not exactly been about for so many years.
Tony stepped forward so that he was in the Captain’s eyesight before speaking, not wanting to startle the sentinel; a closer look showed the guy couldn’t even be twenty five, so a little on the young side for a captain. “I have a question here, and it’s not even why are you doing this dancing around in the rain in the middle of New York.” But the soldier glanced at him, sniffed the air then moved quickly, grabbing him around the waist and pulling him down against his chest. “Woah! Hey, buddy, what are you doing?”
“I wanna know why Loki let us take him.” Steve pointed out the thing that was frustrating him. “He’s not leading an army from here.”
Steve glared at him, unable to push any words passed the furious lump in his throat. He’d absolutely had enough of being inside, of being little more than a science experiment that would never see a frontline if the scientists and doctors had their way.
He looped around his tower sharply and headed towards Central Park. He grinned as he heard the assassins begin to fire on the aliens, but it was quickly wiped out by JARVIS.
He hadn’t even known Stark was a guide! He frowned, trying to remember if it had ever been mentioned in the newspaper articles he’d read about the guy; he’d been called a genius often enough, an inventor and a Casanova, but guide? He didn’t recall that one.
“Threatening the safety of everyone on this ship isn’t funny.” Steve pointed out, annoyed that this even needed pointing out. “No offense, Doc.” He added to Bruce.
“You’re coming back to tower, right?” the older man asked as they shook hands. “Once you’ve been out for a ride?”
By the time they were seated and the food arrived, Steve had lost the battle to keep his eyes open. He was pretty sure he was still awake, but the effort involved in opening his eyes was too great.
“Steve?” Tony’s voice called out as he stepped off the elevator and headed over. “Hey Rhodey. I wasn’t expecting a visit off you, was I? JARVIS? Did I forget a scheduled Rhodey visit again?”
It was time for their morning run. Steve resisted the urge to pull a face as he turned and headed over to stand in line.
“Thank you. I’m gonna head out then.” He waited to see if the housekeeper would say anything else, then took a deep breath and headed towards the door, managing not to startle as it too slid back into the door frame when he approached it.
Steve looked around for a moment, trying to say something but he was honestly terrified and only just keeping it hidden.
“Still, you’re pretty spry for an older fellow.” Tony teased, trying to soothe his sentinel’s feelings without really having any idea of how to reassure someone; it wasn’t something he often tried to do. “What’s your thing? Pilates?”
“Does Loki need any particular kind of power source?” Asked Steve, trying to focus on the important parts, namely Loki’s plan to bring an alien army conquer Earth.
“Let’s get you a cup of joe and some clothes.” Stark’s tone was soothing, and Steve allowed himself to be tugged along. “Running around Brooklyn in wet pants is a terrible idea.”
“I don’t care what happens to you now. Not my problem anymore.” Philips said, before turning around and leaving.
“That’s enough.” The look on Steve’s face and the disappointment that was flooding their bond was enough to take the wind out of Tony’s sails. Steve jumped down and while was physically smaller than both Thor in his get-up and Tony in his Iron Man suit, he exuded more than enough authority to command their attention. “Now, I don’t know what you plan on doing here.”
He pointed to the door. “Do you want to leave with us?” He asked, hoping Erik spoke enough English to make this conversation easy.
“They request you are there by noon, sir.” JARVIS replied. “As such, you have about three hours before sleeping if you are going to be at least acceptably well rested before heading out to the co-ordinates.”
He managed to bring himself down near to the base, hurrying through the trees to pause on the outskirts. Somehow, it all felt bigger than he’d expected… even though he wasn’t entirely sure what he’d been expecting.
But Tony’s attention had already moved to the files; the tests they had been doing with the Tesseract, the machine they been trying to use to harness its power, the way it had opened a doorway allowing Loki of Asgard to reach them… Loki apparently had a spear that allowed him to control people. Was he a particularly powerful guide and the spear enhanced his abilities, or did it give him new ones?
Spotting the radio, he changed the frequency and began to speak. “Come in, this is Captain Rogers. Do you read me?”
Steve picked it up. “What’s it made of?” He wondered, as it was lighter than the shield he’d taken from Cooper.
Steve scowled at his hands as they tightened on his knees. Useless… He’d felt useless for so much of his life and now he had officials telling him that he was indeed little more than a problem that needed to be tucked away from everything important.
“I froze, the cold and the ice interfered with the systems and I came very close to killing myself when I fell back to Earth.”
“You sure?” Stark asked with a slight frown, and Steve could feel his concern as the man gazed at him.
“Good morning.” Erskine greeted him, the usual half smile on his lips. Though, whatever he was going to say next was interrupted by a camera clicking. “Please, not now.”
“On the note of you moving in.” Tony began as he handed over another burger. “I’ve get some stuff to do in Malibu next week, so you should come along.”
Fury sighed but actually deigned to reply. “A team found him a week ago, frozen in the ice. We did have him in a room designed to look like a wartime hospital for when he woke up, but he figured it almost straight away.”
“Whoever thought the army had good ideas?” Dum Dum raised his brow before tipping his head back to finish his drink.
Bruce’s lips quirked into a grin. “Well, if he could do that, he could achieve heavy ion fusion at any reactor on the planet.”
“I thought humans were more evolved than this.” Thor said, but Steve’s gaze was still locked with Tony’s.
An MP stepped into the room, looking slightly bored as he waited for a moment. He was quickly followed by an older man, a slight smile quirking the sides of his mouth as he dismissed the MP and watched Steve for a moment.
“All right.” He’d let them go while he went to search for Bucky. “The treeline is northwest, eighty yards past the gate. Get out fast and give ‘em hell. I’ll meet you guys in the clearing with anybody else I find.”
“He turns.” Agent Hill stated, but Tony’s rambling had distracted her from the confusion and anxiety that had been bubbling inside and helped her mind focus again. Steve wondered how well his guide could feel the emotions of other people and if he was helping them settle deliberately.
With a sigh, Tony headed back to the tech room. His suit was stood in a corner, out the way of the milling workers who were focussed on repairing the damage done by the attack. He grabbed the helmet and, accessing the systems externally, ran a diagnostic.
“You can give JARVIS a body?” Steve slung his bag over his should and followed Tony out. He needed to shower, but that could wait until after he’d seen this armour thing.
It was only when he tumbled out the bed and landed on the floor that he could catch his breath, his teeth chattering as he tried to stop trembling. “Okay.” He whispered, carefully trying to untangle himself from the bedsheets without tearing them. “Okay… That’s… Okay.” Not that anything was okay, but he forced himself to sit up, his back leaning against the bedframe as he wiped the sweat from his face.
Steve didn’t acknowledge her, his mind still too frenzied to form words, but he knew he would risk a child if he just ran in there. He slowed down and stepped carefully out into view, his hands held up before him, trying to make soothing noises when he still couldn’t form words. Thankfully, the man had run out of ammo when he switched targets to shoot Steve instead, and he threw the boy into the water before running again.
’ She arched her back, her tawny coat looked soft. Steve reached out to pet her, and she allowed it.
“No. All this came from that.” She said, a slight smile touching her lips as she tap a slender finger to his own arc reactor.
Rhodey snorted with laughter, putting his glass of water down before he spilt anything. “Yeah, that sounds about right. I met him at college when he got his old roommate moved to somewhere else cos they didn’t get along.”
“Yeah, divide and conquer is great but… He knows he has to take us out to win, right? That’s what he wants. He wants to beat us. He wants to be seen doing it.” What better way to destroy any resistance before it starts than to destroy all morale, to have the people of the world watch as he destroyed the costumed heroes? “He wants an audience.”
Philips pointed his pen at Peggy, a sour look on his face. “You and I are going to have a conversation later that you won’t enjoy.”
“Stark Tower is about to become a beacon of self-sustaining clean energy.” He assured her, more than a little smugly. He’d buried himself in getting the changes actually finished after Steve had left, his procrastination techniques actually proving useful for once.
Steve took the flask and sipped it. He never been any good at recognising the different spirits from taste alone, but it helped to wash his stew down. “Thanks. Here, Jim.”
“I assume.” He declared, aware that her concern centred on the fact that things occasionally exploded when he worked when distracted; his bot’s aim with the fire extinguisher was definitely improving though. “Light her up.”
“Maybe the exercise will help… and regular rations rather than the porridge that you’ve been getting.”
Tony’s anxiety pulsed slightly, and Steve wondered if there was a problem with it. “Just waiting for Pepper to get some stuff sorted with that, then I need to do some work under the water with pipelines and voila! It’ll be sorted.” If Steve hadn’t been able to feel his concern at the mention of going under the water, he would have been completely fooled by the easy smile on Tony’s face; it was a near perfect mask of confidence.
For a time, Steve could hear Stark count up the percentages as his whole body began to burn. The scream that erupted in Steve’s throat was unavoidable. The whole machine seemed to have him clenched in place tighter than a loose scrap caught in the clogs of the machines in the downtown factories; he couldn’t move, couldn’t even wriggle without the vice-like grip crushing him. But the scream didn’t actually work its way passed the knot in his throat until the light inside the machine burnt his eyes and his blood turned to fire in his veins. It was worse than any illness he’d ever had, worse than any asthma attack multiplied. Everything was amplified; he could smell the metal around him; he could almost taste the metallic texture on his tongue; he could overly aware of the fabric pressing against his legs, of every point where his skin touched the table; he didn’t dare open his eyes, but could easily pick out Peggy Carter’s voice, her tone commanding as she shouted for them to shut the machine off.
“W-With the aim to join the soldiers eventually?” He forced himself to ask, unable to believe it had only been that morning that he’d been fumbling through a conversation in the car with Agent Carter.
Bruce scoffed, and Steve felt a protective flare from him that was at odds with the rapidly building anger. “And Captain America is on the threat poll?”
“Yes, we are.” He assured her, before turning back to his friend. They stared at each other a moment before the sentinel began to back away. “Don’t do anything stupid till I get back.”
Pepper twisted to smile at the agent before standing up, saying “Phil, come in.” And Coulson stepped out the elevator as Pepper made her way over to him, her long, bare legs seeming a tad inappropriate when facing a guy in a bland suit… though he’d never admit it because Pepper didn’t need him to fight battles that weren’t even battles outside his own head; he did sometimes get a little protective of his circle, but for a CEO, an air force colonel and a bodyguard, they weren’t always great at looking after themselves.
“Didn’t something blow up last year?” Steve asked as he kept pace with his sentinel. “I’m pretty sure I remember an explosion.”
“How do I know if they are broken?” He decided now was not the time to assume he could work it out, not when he had someone here who could explain it and eliminate the risk of him getting it wrong. Swallowing pride was easy if it kept the ship in the air.
Steve grinned slightly. He’d dialled down his sense of smell, so it wasn’t bothering him at all. “These are old buildings. You’d think they’d do something about this obvious gap in security.”
“You don’t even have…? Really?” Was SHIELD afraid of scarring him or something? How was the guy supposed to get used to the modern age if they didn’t let him experience it. “You move in and I’ll teach you how to use everything, or you can ask JARVIS. I bet you’ll get the hang of it in no time.” He blasted through the portal, emerging in space.
“We’re following the river.” Steve pointed out as he stood up and stretched his legs. “Unless Hydra are hiding their own bases from themselves then it’ll be there.”
“Well, if it isn’t my favourite chorus girl.” And Steve could almost see the bitter emotions churning beneath the surface, just on the man’s face. “What are you singing for me today?”
“Is he around? Stark, I mean.” Both his bonds had settled down enough that he could eat and sleep now, but he still missed Bucky and Stark with a deep ache.
“But you? You are not the centre of attention, you can slip into a room unnoticed. You pay attention to everything around you and you have compassion. You are a good man.”
“Yes.” He grinned. Food was much tastier than he could remember it ever being in the past. “I just need to shower.”
“Well, I really wouldn’t know, now would I?” She raised her eyebrow at him as she tapped off the screen, barely hiding her own smile.
She nodded her head. “Dr Erskine would be disappointed with Colonel Philips, I think.” She sighed, her beautiful hair cascading down her back as she looked up to the grey skies. “He looked at you and saw so much potential. All Philips sees is a problem for Stark.”
The serum burned as it went in and Steve clenched his teeth to avoid yelling. It hurt. It hurt a lot. He couldn’t feel Erskine’s hand anymore, but he wasn’t sure if it was because the doctor had moved away or… Steve’s eyes shot open as he realised the pain was gone, but he also couldn’t feel much of anything else.
He glanced around, wondering if there was another way out, when he noticed a map on the back wall. He focussed quickly on the six marked locations before taking most of Bucky’s weight over his shoulders and half carrying him out. His water flask was hidden near the clearing, and he’d share when they got away.
The inventor ran a hand through his hair with a sigh as Happy grabbed the small card which had electronic money on it and held it against the device that took the money off it. “I mean, if you want your own space then that’s fine. Last time I wasn’t expecting guests so I didn’t have any other rooms made up, but I’ve changed the two floors underneath mine into a living space for the Avengers so you could have more space there. I’m working on convincing everyone to move in.”
Gunfire eliminated that problem as he heard someone else take him out. Peggy! He’d recognise her anywhere!
The uniform he’d picked was still made up of the dark blue colours that his old one had been, but the star on the front was a lighter grey, to be slightly more visible than it used to be. The helmet had little wings painted on the side, similar to Cooper’s cowl and the boots and gloves were just regular dark leather. The men had told him he had to look at least a little like Captain America while they had been drinking last night, so he added in stripes down the torso of his outfit too, in two different shades of dark blue. He’d need to work with Howard to be able to attach his shield to his back, but he didn’t care for bright colours as he wasn’t doing this to be in newspapers.
“Did you get anything or do I need to call Fury?” He asked, staring longingly at his bed for a moment before heading back into the main area and over to the fridge. He needed a drink.
“I forgot about that.” Falsworth admitted, scratching as his head as he flopped back onto the ground. “Hope we find this base tomorrow.”
“Don’t know what you were saying, but it looked like a touching moment.” He teased as Howard began to grouch loudly and lead them through to the main reception room.
She gave him a curious look as Steve felt his mind trying and failing to reach hers; it really was unnerving to be unable to feel her. “He is. I’ve known him for a while now.” She stopped at a door with a white plastic box at the side. “But don’t think he isn’t dangerous, just because I know him. He can do a lot of damage if someone makes him want to do it.”
“He’s been tied up. Can you see anything to cut rope with?” The knots were tight, but at least he wasn’t trying to break through manacles. He wasn’t sure he could open those with injuring the person he was trying to rescue.
“Levels at one hundred percent.” A confident voice called out, and Steve glanced up to see the inventor guy who did a show in New York once a year step into his line of vision.
“So, you want to go overseas, kill some Nazis?” The man asked in a German accent, opening the thin files in his hands.
Steve wondered if that was part of why Schmidt hated him so much; the idea of wasted potential. He kept back, watching the other man and dodging his shots as he tried to decide what to do.
They weren’t even supposed to be on the front lines, not really.  While trench warfare was thankfully not a prominent part of the war they were fighting (as Bucky honestly hated the wet, smelly, tight places), they’d been making use of the array of old trenches to reach the edge of the German lines, whilst dragging Cooper along with them and a photographer; some twit had decided it was a good idea for the troops to see Captain America, as well as getting some photos of him interacting with the troops for the newspapers back home. Bucky hoped he hadn’t taken photos of this but had left the rotting remains of these poor buggers alone.
“What do you mean?” Bucky asked, stepping closer to his guide and he watched the two men whisper to each other.
“I don’t want to kill anyone.” It probably wasn’t the answer they were looking for with a war on, but it was true; even so, he tried to explain himself. “I don’t like bullies. I don’t care where they’re from.”
The scan came up green and he headed up out the water. “He’s been gone more than three weeks.” He tried and failed to keep the hurt out of his voice. “And he agreed to stay in touch. I assume I’m not waiting for snail mail to arrive from him. Even if he’s busy with history lessons, he could text or call or…” He genuinely felt pathetic for whining about a lack of attention, but this was supposed to be his sentinel; this rare bond that only a tiny percentage of people ever experienced and the kid just wasn’t interested.
“Mr… Call me Tony. Mr Stark was my father.” The man’s face twisted in displeasure and Steve felt a grin twitch at his own lips in response.
Steve was shaking his head before his friend had even finished asking. “I should.” He said, mouth twisting as he tried and failed to keep a neutral expression on his face. “I should tell them.”
“Jay? I wasn’t asleep that long. What happened?” He frowned as he pulled up a detailed scan. It looked like the wires had snapped in the helmet, but the suit was far too new for it to be simple wear and tear. “Is this something to do with the salt water? I thought the whole suit was sealed up properly now.” He wondered aloud, thinking that taking his suit for a swim was the only thing he’d done differently with it in some time.
Steve heard the bullet pierce the air but couldn’t make his trembling limbs move in time. Erskine’s body dropped to the floor and the young soldier crawled up to look into his eyes. As everyone seemed to explode to life behind him, Steve focussed on his friend.
“I’m not going to sit in a factory, Bucky. Come on.” He wasn’t some cowardly weakling who needed protecting. Sure he had asthma and got sick every winter, but it really wasn’t that big a deal; he could cope. “There are men laying down their lives. I got no right to do any less than them. That’s what you don’t understand. This isn’t about me.”
Steve interrupted her, manners less important than saving Bucky. “By the time he’s done that, it could be too late!” He tugged on his jacket and headed out, grabbing Cooper’s shield from where it had been propped up against one of the tent poles.
Steve stepped forwards. “All right, listen up.” The confidence that came along their bond was stronger than the trepidation, and that gave Tony hope that they could do this. “Until we can close that portal up there, our main priority is containment. Barton, I want you on that roof; eyes on everything. Call out patterns and strays. Stark, you got the perimeter; anything gets more than three blocks out, you turn it back or you turn it to ash.”
Bucky whined softly as he pulled his hands away and sat on them. “I can’t. I keep trying to count them but it hurts so much.”
“He would have to heat the cube to a hundred and twenty million Kelvin just to break through the coulomb barrier.” Bruce looked at Steve as he spoke, and the soldier assumed that meant it needed to be super-heated to work.
“Doctor Abraham Erskine.” The man introduced himself, looking Steve in the eyes as he spoke and Steve stood up the shake the outstretched hand, unable to stop himself relaxing in response to him. “I represent the Strategic Scientific Reserve.”
Stark pressed a hand to Steve’s hair, running his fingers through the damp strands in a movement that was so similar to Bucky, that he couldn’t help pressing closer. “Where to?”
But Steve had seen another one tucked under the table. “What about this one?” It was a simple disc, with no fancy technology involved, no chance of it exploding.
If the two most intelligent people in this room, and possibly on the ship, thought something was off, then he couldn’t ignore it. “Just find the cube.” He commanded, hoping they could spare a few thoughts for where it was outside their other interests.
“Let him know?” It was a long time since he’d been this unsure about a relationship of any level, not since he’d been a teenager with parents! Even when they’d argued, Pepper had taken a moment to let him know where they were at before she stormed out; Happy was both a good friend and employee, which he had been pretty much since Tony had met him at his job interview; and Rhodey had been his friend since they’d met at MIT. Tony trusted the three of them with everything and it was a little bizarre and almost frightening to think someone else might finally be joining that small circle.
“Well, you did join an army.” Erskine shrugged at him, making Steve laugh. He did enjoy it when Erskine found the time to come and chat; he was the closest thing to a friend Steve currently had, similar to the big brother role Bucky had once played.
“It’s not that I’m worried the whole base had gotten up and wandered off.” Falsworth retorted with a smirk, and Steve was close enough to feel his amusement along their bond. “It’s more your ability to remember a map that we no longer have.”
“Threat! Verbal Threat. I feel threatened.” The man was so patronising! How Steve had ended up with this as a guide, he didn’t know.
Steve was whining loudly, his eyes shut tight and his lips pressed into a flat line as he tried to block out the smell; they’d stumbled across an old trench, filled with corpses. Bucky was trying not to gag, but with his own guide in touching distance, he was managing. Not for the first time, he softly cursed the quirk of nature that had Steve as his true guide, but didn’t allow him to reciprocate; Howard was a true match for his friend, but Howard didn’t come out into the trenches with them… and fucking Falsworth had gone to scout ahead already with Jim and Dum Dum.
Mr Stark barked a laugh, genuine surprise and amusement flashing along their bond. “Mr Jarvis?” The man began to pour himself a cup of coffee from a glass pot on one of the counters, the smell catching Steve’s attention, even from the short distance. “JARVIS isn’t a person. He’s an AI; stands for Just A Rather Very Intelligent System.”
“You planning to follow Porter home again?” He asked, his voice still tight as he knotted his hands together.
” Steve sounded winded and there was pain coming along their bond, though it was lessening as Tony increased their distance.
Tony curled his lip and opened his mouth, but an explosion knocked them off their feet and into the doorway before he could reply.
“I think I would just cut the wire.” Tony replied, hurt radiating along their bond, but Steve supposed it was because he hadn’t fallen over himself to be impressed with the guy and his genius ways.
Steve laughed again but went back to picking through the dirt. Bucky was just over two years older than him, but they’d been friends for ages; Steve had been born a few months after Bucky’s sister, Joan, so their moms had always been around each other back then. Steve’s dad had died just before he was born, from some injury he’d gotten in the Great War; Steve wasn’t real sure what the injury was, but the sight of his ma crying was scary enough that he’d never asked more than that one time.
That was annoying because he wanted to go to the gym, but he couldn’t settle himself enough to say a word in objection.
“So if you got us leave passes, did you make plans?” Bucky asked, more interested in his time off than anything else.
“I’ll be twenty three in July.” He side-stepped the question neatly, though he felt a little warm as he silently acknowledged the omission.
“Jury’s out.” Tony replied, but his attention was still on the scientist. “You really have got a lid on it, haven’t you? What’s your secret? Mellow jazz? Bongo drums? Huge bag of weed?”
“Yeah. It’s called winning the war.” Philips was watching him carefully, but Steve didn’t dare leave yet. He had to do something.
“It’s not like people have to rent landlines anymore.” He complained. “I gave him a cell phone and both a simple explanation on how to use it as well as an instruction sheet. He knows how to get in contact.” He welded the final section of pipe in place and held still as JARVIS scanned it.
“You’re not wrong. I still have a bit to do with that. I also need to get people to come into the tower to actually work on converting it over. I could do it all myself, but it would take even longer that way.”
“It was painful. And Doctor Erskine was killed so…” He paused for a moment, sadness enveloping him as he remembered, but Bucky nudged his arm and pulled him back to the conversation. “So I went feral straight away, until Howard Stark touched me.”
He tapped into the few notes they had on Loki linked to a file on Thor of Asgard, there wasn’t much in there, but it included notes that apparently they didn’t have sentinels and guides on Asgard. The thought that these ‘gods’ could be counted amongst the mundane was an interesting idea, but that meant it really was the spear that let him control people.
“Agent Carter? If we’re not in too much of a hurry, I thought we could stop off in Lucerne for a late-night fondue.” Stark called from the front of the airplane. Steve would have frowned at that, but he could tell Stark was actually hungry; he’d learnt to recognise amorous feelings along a bond with Bucky, and while Stark’s words could be taken that way, Steve trusted him. Even Stark would pander more to a true bond than the chance for some petting with the girl Steve liked. Stark always came across as the kind of guy who flirted as his normal way of talking.
“We’ll have the band play something slow.” He kind of wanted to shut his eyes, to block out the white, but they seemed to be frozen open. “I’d hate to step your toe-”
He tried to think of something to say, to keep the man talking in a comforting way about what they would do after this, but the fear was beginning to crush his chest again and he simply looked up at the roof.
Tony’s warm, brown eyes met his. “He’s a spy, Captain. He’s the spy. His secrets have secrets.” And then the serious moment passed as he tossed a blueberry into his mouth. “It’s bugging him too, isn’t it?”
He nodded his head, still unable to speak even though the anger and frustration that had been surging through him were dialling back down.
“Some stuff got knocked out of alignment, huh?” He grimaced as he imagined the work he’d have to do in the small, tight space.
“Napping? I gave my life to stop Schmidt and you-” He clenched his hand around his belt to stop himself from swinging. He’d wipe Stark out if he actually hit him.
Steve’s uniform was more like Captain Cooper’s than the regular soldiers; the whole unit wore deep blue clothing, with a slightly lighter blue star painted onto the centre of their armoured vests. “In the end.” He grinned at her. “It’s a little boring, and I still feel useless sometimes, but at least I’m out with other soldiers.”
“He was being an asshole,” Steve scowled. He inspected the gravel rash on his hand, picking at it with his nail until Tony slapped his hand away. Steve glared at him, then huffed, “There was something on the TV about soldiers coming home from Iraq or Afghanistan. And that dick started yelling about putting on the game. People were uncomfortable, and there was this woman who was visibly upset. Nobody was doing anything. So I told him to shut up.”
“Yes, you do,” Steve told him, rocking his hips back and forth until Tony closed his eyes and moaned. “And it’s adorable.”
Over the years, he’d been to a lot of abandoned houses, factories, mansions and they’d all left an impression on him in some way or another. But none as much as the Mermaid House.
Steve grinned then flopped back onto the mattress, stealing a few more minutes in bed before climbing to his feet with a groan.
Bucky, Natasha and Thor bid them good night, then Steve and Tony wandered out to the elevator. JARVIS, bless him, had the elevator waiting as usual.
“Alright. Talk to Clint, his patient’s about to be admitted and if you’re quick, you’ll get him before he dives into the coffee machine again.”
“She was supposed to be at a friend’s,” Steve explained. “But they’re sick, and Peggy’s in court, Daniel’s doing a prisoner transfer, and Angie already left with Zoey and Hannah for the day. And there was a babysitter issue.”
Behind him, Steve was still snoring softly, his face mashed into the pillow. Taking Evie Rose’s hand, Tony led her through the apartment, pausing in the kitchen to fill a plastic tumbler with water. He lifted Evie Rose onto the counter and handed her the tumbler.
“That’ll be Sharon,” Rhodey said when the buzzer rang, making Steve jump out of his skin as usual. “Hey babe, come on up,” he said into the speaker.
“Nobody to miss me. Well, I have a roommate. He’d probably notice. And he has a girlfriend, Sharon. She’s nice. She’d probably notice if I wasn’t there.”
Steve glanced between Clint and Scott, who Clint noticed was smiling kinda creepily. Clint mentally scolded Scott to get it together.
“I mean, it is a compromise that allows you both to win,” Marci shrugged. “You get rid of him and he gets to save face.”
“I built this company from nothing,” Stane declared. “And nothing is going to stand in my way. Least of all that fish.”
“But if I end up eating my own body weight in Jelly Beans and M&Ms then I’m blaming you!” Stark called over his shoulder and headed for the break room.
The doors opened behind him and Tony stepped back, trailing a hand down Steve’s arm until he could link their fingers together and pulling him into the penthouse.
Steve was midway through explaining the importance of the Battle of the Somme in the First World War, when a knock on the classroom door interrupted him. Steve turned and found one of the receptionists in the doorway, holding a bunch of sunflowers.
He racked his brain, staring out across the street, trying to figure out how on earth he was supposed to find a homeless veteran who may or may not be in the city. Unless...
“That’s nice,” Hank nodded, shooting Scott a suspicious look that he would worry about later, when his girlfriend wasn’t announcing that she had a date mere minutes after telling him that they didn’t have a date planned that he’d forgotten about. Unless they did have a date planned that he’d forgotten about and Hope was bluffing to see if he remembered?
“Call an ambulance,” Tony ordered Bucky. He turned back to Fury and began checking his vitals. He was breathing, but it was shallow and Tony could hear a faint wheeze. When he put a hand on Fury’s forehead, it was clammy to the touch and when Tony pinched the skin on the back of Fury’s hand it was slow to return to normal.
Steve draped his arms over Tony’s shoulders and leaned down for a lingering kiss. Tony’s hands ran over his sides and by the time they broke apart, Steve was well on his way to being turned on.
Steve caught Tony’s hand, raising it to his mouth and pressing a kiss against his knuckles without breaking eye contact.
Tony tipped his head back, looking up at Steve. “Do you want to go to court tomorrow?” he asked. “Watch the rest of the trial?”
“I doubt it.” Bruce looked down at his hands, twisting his fingers together. He should tell her to put out the joint and take her back to the exam room, call Loki Borson and tell him to collect his mother because she was fine. But instead, he blurted out, “I’m scared I can’t do this.”
“Yeah,” Tony sighed, squeezing her shoulder. The toe of his boot sent a used needle skittering across the ground and Tony swallowed, fighting off a shudder. This was hitting a little too close to home.
Tony scanned the waiting room until he spotted MJ sitting in the back corner, her arms wrapped around her knees. He crossed the room, easing into the chair next to her.
Steve grinned, leaning in to kiss him. At the last minute, Tony remembered, “Teeth!” and Steve planted a kiss on his nose instead. It sent Tony into a fit of giggles while happiness bubbled in his chest because they were
Steve crashed into the hard tiles of the floor, rolling away from the water and whatever it was that had just attacked him. Pressing his hand to his leg, it came away red with blood.
Tony huffed out a laugh, his arm wrapping around Steve’s shoulders, and he pressed a kiss into Steve’s damp hair.
“Mrs Borson? Hi,” Natasha smiled when Frigga Borson turned towards her. “I’m Dr. Romanoff. We spoke the last time you were here, do you remember?”
Just knowing that Bucky was fighting to keep it together too was enough to comfort Tony a little, just enough for him to keep a lid on his emotions.
Instantly Tony appeared in Steve’s mind but he quickly pushed him away because that wasn’t what Arnie meant.
But then Tony spotted Bucky snoring against his locker and rolled his eyes, crossing the changing room and shaking him awake. He heaved Bucky over his shoulder. “Come on, Sleeping Beauty. Bedtime. If you’re lucky, your boy toy will kiss you awake in the morning. Afternoon. Whenever.”
“Wow,” Tony smiled. “Look at you. Maybe I should send you to board meetings in my place from now on.”
Tony’s fingers danced over the screen of his phone then Steve’s own phone buzzed in his pocket, informing him that he’d been tagged by @AvengersOfficial. He held his phone out of Ellie’s reach - because she was currently fascinated with cell phones and on a mission to drool over every cell phone she could get her tiny hands on - and opened Twitter. His heart twisted a little when he saw the photo of the two of them and he made a mental note to save it before turning his attention to the caption added by Tony.
Tony leaned down, bushing their lips together, before kissing him properly. Steve fisted his hand in the front of Tony’s costume, just in case he was considering going anywhere. Nipping at Steve’s lips, Tony ran his tongue along the seam, until Steve parted his lips willingly. Maybe it was the alcohol, or maybe it was just Tony, but Steve felt giddy and lightheaded.
Instead, he gritted his teeth and made it through homeroom even though his kids seemed unusually animated. Steve shrugged it off as being less about them being more lively and more about the fact he wanted to sleep off his hangover.
“Female, thirty six years old,” the paramedic reported. “Laceration to the right cheek. She’s delusional with auditory hallucinations.”
“Fuck,” Tony gasped, pressing their foreheads together, when the need to breathe was almost overwhelming them both. “Steve. Honey. Fuck.”
“Don’t even try it, Rogers,” Bucky snapped. “I’m old enough to be your grandfather so don’t bullshit me.”
Tony turned to him, holding up a hand to wait. Steve nodded, reluctantly releasing Tony when he turned towards the surface.
“I thought you got thrown about by them because you have no self preservation instincts?” Natasha asked innocently, throwing Steve a wink.
“My best friend took me to LA for my twenty first birthday to see them play the Braves,” Steve said.
Whoever ‘ironfangary’ was, they clearly followed Tony’s career as Iron Man closely. The playlist was extensive, covering everything from Iron Man’s first appearances before Tony revealed his identity to the world, all the way to the Dreadnoughts attack of the Tower less than two weeks ago. Steve had to skip that clip. It was too recent, too raw, the memory of Tony’s PTSD still etched in his mind’s eye.
Tony’s breath hitched and he came, the muscles in his arms trembling as he shuddered through the aftershocks, before falling onto the mattress, pressed along Steve’s side with his face mashed into the pillow.
She was the one who insisted he take a vacation. She was the one who said it was mandatory and that Head Office was demanding he take his allotted annual leave before it reset in six weeks.
And then he was left in an empty apartment with only the sound of the over-cheerful jingles of dog food commercials as company. Steve sighed, picking up the remote and flicking through the channels before giving up and turning the TV off. The silence of the apartment pressed down on him.
Tony helped Steve to his feet, guiding him to the bathroom so he could clean his teeth and get the taste of bile out of his mouth. He grabbed the bathroom trash can on the way out of the room, tucking it into the side of the bed once Steve was lying down.
He put the books on top of the dresser, before stripping off his clothes and climbing into bed. He knew he should go clean his teeth, but that would mean crossing the living room, which would mean facing Angie again, which would mean more questions and Steve didn’t want to answer questions.
He let out the breath he’d been holding and grinned to himself, before moving into the kitchen to get plates and cutlery.
“Yeah. If you want,” Tony smiled. “Or, if living in Brooklyn is a dealbreaker for you, I’m open to discussion about it.”
He watched Steve stare after him. Then Steve climbed off of the bench, wincing as he landed on his feet, before shrugging on his jacket and heading for the door.
His heart pounded in his ears as he crossed the plush carpet towards the floor to ceiling windows and the glass desk spanning the room. Steve rounded the desk, wiggling the mouse to wake the computer to wake it, then stuck the USB drive into the port. A window popped up with a progress bar, folders flicking open and closed behind it as it copied everything across.
Rogers stared down at his knees in silence, occasionally sipping his water. With how tense he was, how his eyes kept darting around, Tony had a feeling he was still battling fight or flight mode.
“My uncle’s originally, but yeah. He gave it to me when he died.” He led the way inside as everyone tumbled out the car.
“No.” He managed eventually, his voice croaking and he shut his eyes again as they began to burn. “I met Tony when I woke up… they said I was in a coma when my – when he died.” Though he wasn’t sure how true that was; he’d expected to die, then he’d frozen… dead and revived was surely more likely than just a coma… He took a shuddering breath as the pain of his broken bond flared up, his mind unconsciously searching for that presence that had been a comfort since he had become a sentinel.
“Your work with the tesseract is what drew Loki to it, and his allies!” Thor half growled as he stepped closer to the director. “It is a signal to all the realms that the Earth is ready for a higher form of war.”
They were all relaxing and playing cards, so he hadn’t minded folding and going to join her. She’d immediately told him off for not using her name then chatted about everything she’d been doing in the last four months, only half skimming over the classified sections.
“I know. Come on. One at a time.” He pushed his sentinel over to the railing first, helping him over and nodding encouragingly as he began to move. Heart in his mouth, he watch Bucky edge slowly along, barely breathing when the metal began to buckle and his friend threw himself the rest of the way, just managing to grab the railing before the metal bridge fell into the firestorm below.
“It’s an arc reactor.” Tony informed him, unsure of how much honesty to go for. “It’s important for my heart… like a pacemaker.” He wasn’t up for casually discussing his kidnapping while trying to keep some army kid from panicking; that would be a long, alcohol-imbued conversation. “What else can you hear?”
“You don’t get to give me orders, son.” Philips replied, sounding far more exhausted than Steve could remember.
“We found someone though. Some Jewish kid tied up with rope.” Steve said as they headed back through the sewer. “The others have taken him back to camp. German, I think. Was thinking you could ask him what he wants to do? If we should leave him by some town, or bring him with us, or something else?”
Soon, they were mostly over the Atlantic Ocean, approaching the coast and Tony slid the Iron Man suit on.
“No. You are Mr Stark’s sentinel and he is far more useful than one super soldier. You aren’t going anywhere that may get you shot and leave him compromised.” The man replied, looking utterly disinterested in what was going on.
“Oh yes, Steven.” She was smiling again, her hands resting on her lap as she leaned back in her chair. “People like to use computers for a lot of stuff these days, but people are slow to switch from the feel of a book in their hands to reading their novels from a computer screen. And a lot of reference books and text books are still at the library because they are expensive to buy and once they have been used for assignments or general research, they aren’t always used again so it’s easier to borrow from a library than buying something that will sit mostly unused.”
“Then tell him to suit up. I’m bringing the party to you.” He took a wider curve around several buildings this time, trying to leave some undamaged as he headed back to the others. If Banner was there too, then he was happy to buy into Steve’s notion that they could do this as a team.
“Some people spend their lives dream of a true bond, and you get one after less than a day of being a sentinel.” Falsworth murmured, his voice slightly awed.
“Already planning your next suit?” Steve grinned as he pressed up close to Tony and looped his arms around his neck, checking he had a secure grip.
They crept further along, halting outside the door as Steve listened in. There was still just the one voice, a teenage boy if Steve had to guess and he couldn’t hear anyone else other than his own team behind him… Wishing he’d kept either Gabe or Jacques with him, he slowly opened the door and stepped inside, eyes scanning the room to check what his ears had already told him; no one else was there.
That was good, because Scott knew from painful experience that women didn’t like it when he forgot that they had a date. But it was also slightly concerning, because his girlfriend was all dressed up and she wasn’t going out with him.
Steve watched Bucky disappear into the crowd of officers, his heart hammering. He scratched Lucky’s ears and focused on keeping the dog calm, hoping it would extend to keeping him calm.
“You’re having dinner with a demigod and a super-soldier from the forties, Steve,” Tony reminded him. “Do you really want to get into what’s possible and what’s not?”
Ever since he’d returned from Singapore on Monday, he’d been followed by a wave of whispers from both students and staff alike as they all tried to wrap their heads around the fact that Mr Rogers who taught them history and social studies was also dating Tony Stark. Personally, Steve had hoped that the ten days between revealing their relationship and his return to work would be enough time for the news to sink in.
“And I spent some time undercover in Italy, among other places, during my time at SHIELD,” Natasha added. “Bruschette?”
“It’s not my story to tell,” Steve tried instead. “Look, Tony… Tony’s a good person. He doesn’t have anything and I think it’s Stane’s fault. But I have no way of proving it. I just want Tony to get what belongs to him. I just want to take care of him.”
“Don’t worry about that,” Clint insisted. “I’ll figure something out. Just sit tight. I’m going to help you, Bob. I promise.”
Tony shrugged. “Because I wanted to. Here.” He passed Steve a small package wrapped in tissue paper.
“You’re in the public eye now. You’re dating an Avenger and you have just very publicly been a witness against your kidnapper. Public sympathy is high for you right now.” Marci picked up her tablet, scrolling through. “If you search your name on Twitter, yeah, there are the usual crazies screaming about how you stole a man they’ve never met from them, plus the ones who think that Tony and Bucky are dating. But the majority of mentions are positive. Your image is very wholesome. Probably because they don’t actually know you.”
“There’s nothing from Hannah, I’m afraid,” Steve continued, retaking his seat. “She’s too small to do presents.”
“Couldn’t sleep,” Steve shrugged, pushing his hands into the pocket of his hoodie and twisting a loose thread around his finger. “What’s going on?”
“I’ll leave you to it.” Cooper stood up, his broad shoulders shadowing Steve from the sun until he stepped back and headed over to a group of showgirls who grinned widely at him.
“They’re thirty miles behind the lines.” Philips interrupted him, moving to stand beside a map that Steve hadn’t noticed. “Through some of the most heavily fortified territory in Europe. We’d lose more men than we’d save. But I don’t expect you to understand that because you’re a chorus girl.”
“Tony?” Steve hurried to catch him up as Tony turned and headed into the corridor. “You have an idea about where he is?”
“Shit.” He swore under his breath as he increased his thrusters to fly away from the beast. “None of my attacks can get through it.” He began to loop around a building to move in front of it. “JARVIS, you ever hear the tale of Jonah?”
Banner was a doctor and a scientist, and Tony had heard of his work in biochemistry, in particular the failed experiment that had led to his ability to become this ‘Hulk’.
“Hopefully. I’ve never actually encountered a situation again where I need to try it out, but it works in controlled conditions.”
“I’m going to take the jet to DC tonight. I’ll make a start getting the next building converted.” Pepper decided, as her wide eyes focussed on Steve’s file, the black and white video clip now showing a young man with a big smile, half hidden under the arm of another soldier.
All that said, he had a feeling that Steve was a very easy man to fall for and if they started hanging out like a guide and sentinel ought to… well, he couldn’t ever date Pepper because she was just way too important to do that to.
Steve stared nervously around him as he shifted the uniform pants up again; he’d had to poke an extra hole in the belt to keep them up at all, but it was worth it to actually wear the outfit.
He flew higher up to keep a watch on the perimeter, only needing to stop a handful of Chitauri on his way to Thor, who was steadily working his way through the large group surrounding him.
“I can feel ‘em crawling in my hair.” Bucky whispered, his eyes creasing in distress as his pale fingers reached up to scratch at his scalp.
He crept quietly onto the bridge, considering the pilot’s chair for a moment before deciding it was empty. As he turned he heard Schmidt approach and lifted his shield just in time to deflect a blue blast from his weapon.
“Okay.” He sighed as he clambered up, the screens flickering before his eyes. As the high voltage began to approach, Tony fired his repulsor and kicked him back.
Still, trailing around with Captain Cooper, or Captain America as the bond companies liked to call him, had to be better than being constantly subject to the curiosity of scientists. He’d get to be outside and he could have a conversation with someone who wasn’t after particular information; honestly, Steve never thought he’d miss small talk.
Unfortunately, Bucky knew him too well. He paused, casting a disappointed look back at the younger man. “You really going to do this again?”
“Loki is manipulating you.” Steve shifted uncomfortably as Natasha replied, the levels of irritation, anger and aggression rising in the room so quickly that it was half fogging Steve’s mind. He raised his eyes to his guide again, the man still lounging comfortably on a table; he really wanted the comfort of an embrace, but he didn’t know Tony well enough to take it. He took a deep breath and tried to focus on something other than his frustration at the whole situation.
He looked curiously at the box, wondering if Stark had built it. He needed to get over the idea that things built by this man exploded. “Are you sure this thing works?” He called to Stark, lifting his gaze to stare at his guide’s face.
“We had discussed it in depth on numerous occasions if you want…” her voice was soft, but she was looking at him with those gentle eyes… Maybe it was better to let her talk; he was less likely to end up shouting that way.
"Well, performance issues. It’s not uncommon.” He joked lightly, hoping Steve could feel the panic that was bubbling below the surface and was moving his fine ass in their direction. “One out of five – oof!”
Steve managed a grin. “Me either.” Though he had an advantage the others didn’t: the ability to dial back that particular sense. He stirred it before measuring out another spoonful. “Falsworth is never allowed to cook again.”
Rogers’ cool hand still grasping his own. “You up to speaking yet?” He asked casually as he led the kid over to the kitchen area and shoved him into one of the bar stools at the counter.
“Haven’t I?” Schmidt asked, but Steve saw the movements of his punch early and raised the shield… which was quickly dented in the shape of Schmidt’s fist. Geez, he sure was strong. Definitely was Schmidt then.
, but he wasn’t sure if he was allowed to discuss his true history with a house keeper. He hadn’t really been supposed to tell anyone at all during the war. He wondered if this Jarvis was the son of the Edwin and Ana Jarvis, the couple he'd hired a few years ago... Except not a few years ago, it had been more than sixty five years ago... That length of time? Maybe it was their grandson. Maybe they had shared some of his history, but it was best not to risk it. “Forgetting stuff, I mean. And that happened cos I took a blow to the head.”
Straight in front of him was SHIELD’s file on Steve. Some of it he had seen already, the information on the Valkyrie, where it had landed and the state it had been in; it also had Steve’s official photo from his army days after he was promoted to Captain, decked out in the old-fashioned style and the schematic for his shield, the silver star surrounded by dark blues and greys, much less noticeable that the bright red, white and blue of the Captain America shield from the comic books he’d read as a kid. A glance around showed Natasha’s file, and he spotted a note that said she was a guide linked to Hawkeye; the unfamiliar code name was shown on another display, with a video of a guy using a bow and arrow, of all things.
“It’s powered by an arc reactor; a self-sustaining energy source.” Bruce explained. “That building will run itself for, what? A year?”
“Get back here!” Peggy barked as he sat down and swung his legs out, checking his parachute was good to go. “We’re taking you all the way in.”
“Jerk.” Steve grumbled, but he pressed into the embrace, aware that Bucky was likely to end up petting his girl half the night and leave no time to say goodbye before he shipped out. “Be careful. Don’t win the war till I get there.”
They were right at the end though, nearly through the training and one of them would be chosen to be this new super soldier. Steve knew this was the chance that Erskine had told him about, but it was hard to worry about when he was just so tired all the time.
Steve hurried over to the tent filled with the junk they’d brought with them, recognising that he would need to take some stuff with him; a flask of water, a parachute…
“There’s not going to be a safe landing but I can try and force it down.” He guided the plane's nose towards the Earth, but it was a battle to keep it aimed that way.
He missed his team, his old team. From Gabe’s sly jokes to Jim’s blunt nature to Dum Dum’s impenetrable poker face to the line of warmth at his side when Bucky used to sit right next to him and press close.
With everything that had happened in recent years, all the close scrapes that Tony had somehow managed to escape, how had Coulson been the one to go down? To think that he was now gone was a little scary; he was only a few years older than Tony, and he certainly didn’t wear a fancy costume and thoughtlessly throw himself into dangerous situations. He wore a suit for fuck’s sake! A suit and, yes, he often wielded a deadly amount of paperwork to match his bland smile, but Tony had always been able to feel the glimmer of amusement behind the mask that let him know Coulson was a person and not some kind of advanced robot that even he didn’t have.
“Steve’s down that way, trying to evacuate people so we need to move this elsewhere.” Because Steve would have dropped himself in where the most people were in an attempt to save as many of them as possible.
As Rumlow and Sitwell secured the sceptre with a promise to be careful, Steve looked over at Clint; the archer felt exhausted, as all the Avengers did, but the guilt that had drowned him back on the helicarrier had seeped away. He’d have to remember to keep an eye out in case it came back later on.
“I’m not overly fond of what follows.” Loki informed them, not looking entirely comfortable as the jet shuddered again.
And Dum Dum, Jim and Gabe; always chatting about their girls back home. Had they survived long enough to see them again? Jacques had had a family, a wife and a young son; what had happened to him? Had Falsworth stayed in France like he’d been considering, or had he moved somewhere else?
“On the first page of the folder, sir. Tomorrow but they haven’t discovered where Loki of Asgard is. You do have a set of co-ordinates which seems to be for their helicarrier, sir.”
Hopefully, that meant they were good to go. Switching his attention to his and Tony’s bond, he took a moment to regulate his hearing, grasping the edge of the panel as his balance wavered.
“Then don’t take my stuff.” He replied simply, his face plate sliding up so he could see without the added extras.
“I took the liberty of coming up with some options.” St- Howard elaborated as he nodded to the table he’d led Steve to. The inventor must have realised he’d liked using a shield, because there were various different types spread out before them. “This one’s fun. She’s been fitted with electrical relays that allow you to-”
He wanted to ask if he’d be allowed to go fight now, thoughts of joining the 107th drifting half formed through his mind, but moving his mouth and making coherent sounds seemed like a lot of effort. Instead, he focussed on not falling over as Stark dragged him back to everyone else.
The plan to finish taking down Hydra was simple enough. There was only one major base left, in the Alps, where the Valkyrie, the airship with bombs was set to launch from. The easiest way in, Steve decided, was to let himself be captured because Schmidt was determined to see some sort of connection between them; he wouldn’t leave Steve on the base and launch his weapon without coming to gloat in the face of the man who was made to be an improvement on him.
“Yeah, maybe. I’ll ask another time.” He said quietly, trying to not think of dancing with Peggy; it seemed like too wild an idea. “You don’t think she’d mind stepping on me?”
“Yeah. We had some higher-ups take issue with it yesterday, but it’s hard to argue with the god of thunder.” Tony shrugged as he buttered some toast.
“Okay.” Tony sighed, running a hand through his hair and casting a fleeting glance at the whiskey under the counter. Rogers had to be over twenty one, but maybe it was better to stick to water until he could talk again. Stepping over to the fridge, he poured them both a glass of cold water. “Here. So… Do you know who I am?”
“Just drop your stuff in here, you can decide where you want to sleep later.” The guide said as the soldiers dropped down. “And if you wait a bit for the water to heat up, you can have a bath. We do have running, hot water out here.”
“Good.” Erskine replied, as Steve thought about the last time he had seen Stark, and how he and Bucky had joked about explosions. He really, really hoped there were none of those this time.
“Oh yeah.” He wasn’t good at cards, but it was fun to join in. It was already Tuesday evening, the train ride here taking the afternoon and then the ride back on Thursday morning would fill in the end of it, but it was nice to spend one day away from the camp.
“I suppose we could use someone else.” The senator murmured quietly on the other side of the room, but more than loudly enough for Steve’s enhanced ears to pick up.
.” Pepper’s voice was soothing, but she generally allowed Tony to rant and her calm responses typically made him feel better.
Steve sighed as he stared at the pages of his book, not taking any of them in. He was beyond exhausted.
It was in silence that Steve followed Black Widow through the corridors of the helicarrier to the conference table on the bridge where Bruce was already waiting. Tony had headed off as soon as the jet had landed before Steve had the chance to speak privately with him; it was a little disappointing, sure, but he was aware that they had other important stuff to sort out first.
He quickly began to strip, mouthing his thanks to the person who took them off him, still unable to find his voice.
“That I understand.” Erskine grinned at him. “But, you have improved a great deal since you first arrived.”
“He should stay here.” Tony scowled, standing up and beginning to pace.  “If he woke up to find his old guide had died, he shouldn’t be away from his new one just yet.”
“Move over. I’ll take us over there.” She said, then began to climb into the driver’s seat, leaving Steve no option but to budge along.
“I think Loki’s trying to wind us up.” Steve tried to get him focussed back on the real problem. Everyone’s disinterest in Loki was beyond frustrating; they all seemed real confident that he was trapped in that cell, like any regular human would be without fully acknowledging that he was an alien. Steve wasn’t exactly sure what differences there were between regular men and these aliens, but Thor could fly and summon thunder so he didn’t want to underestimate them. “This is a man who means to start a war and if we don’t stay focussed, he’ll succeed. We have orders. We should follow them.”
“There’s not enough time. This thing’s moving too fast and it’s heading for New York.” He took a deep breath, ignoring the pain from his ribs as he looked out over the clouds. “I gotta put her in the water.”
“Put on the suit. Let’s go a few rounds.” Maybe he couldn’t have an embrace as a comfort, but hitting someone sounded like a good idea, and as Tony had put all that effort into building something to keep himself safe? Well, it’d be a waste not to use it.
“There was an overload one of the generators in R&D, sir, which caused an explosion when you switched over the power in the building to the ARC reactor.” JARVIS sounded apologetic as he explained.
“As soon as I’m clear, you turn this thing around and get the hell out of here.” Steve yelled back, his eyes taking in the landscape below him as he tried to estimate where he would land.
“Who gets the, uh… magic wand?” Natasha asked as Tony disappeared into his bedroom and Steve stepped over to the sink to wash his hands and his face.
“Yes, I think it works.” She managed a tight smile, before she marched passed him with her lips flattened in a carefully blank expression.
“’m ‘wake.” He informed him, managing to open his eyes enough to see where he was putting his feet, but he didn’t notice anything from sitting in the car to waking up in the morning, with JARVIS informing him that Tony was awake and he had slept for nearly fifteen hours.
“I need to make repairs to my suit.” It was more than a little battered after getting jostled by the rotors. “Then, Stark Tower.”
“I need a minute here.” He yelled in response as he dared to start moving. He didn’t feel like gravity was working for him at all.
” Steve commed up, the mixture of wonder and trepidation that Tony could feel along their bond was evident in his voice.
“Huh.” The older man thought for a moment before nodding his head. “Makes sense. Even if he’s just stopping by here, he’d bring more soldiers, more protection. If he’s not stopping here, why tie up some kid?”
“A nuclear deterrent?” His guide stepped forwards. “Cos that always calms everything right down.” Steve looked curiously over at Tony, sensing there was something pointed in that comment but not really knowing what it was.
That sounded oddly… “Jay, are you trying to revive the original Captain America comics? Where he died crashing into a field of ice?”
“I’ll get JARVIS to help you with that at some point, Rogers. I don’t know if I’ll be any good at explaining basics.” Tony gave him an apologetic shrug, but Steve simply nodded. Howard had never been any good at explaining the stuff he made because he could never get to the simple stuff without getting bored or distracted.
“Let someone know these need washing?” He called out to JARVIS as he headed to his room and dumped them down the laundry chute.
But he didn’t hang around while waiting for an answer. He turned around and flew off, dodging around buildings in an attempt to slow the beast down.
He took out as many of them as he could before getting captured and led straight to the man of his nightmares.
Rogers’ jaw dropped; a look that shouldn’t have been as attractive as it was. “19… What year is it?”
“Right.” Bucky’s anger had gone, replaced by a misery that was almost worse. “Cos you got nothing to prove.”
“He doesn’t need to.” Bucky grumbled as they headed over to the grocers. “He gives me this disappointed look and I kind of want to hide away and never do anything wrong again.” Steve could almost feel Bucky’s irritation in the air, with a chunk of humour that was hidden from his face. Steve had gotten good over the past few months at knowing what Bucky was feeing without him needing to say anything.
“You may need to tell someone that. They don’t seem to notice anything I say.” His tone was bitter, but Stark just sighed, unable to refute the truth.
Hopping down to stand beside Tony, he pressed a hand to his shoulder, aware that he probably couldn’t feel it through the armour but needing the contact anyway.
“But what’s that like?” Dum Dum asked, leaning in. “To go from not being a sentinel to suddenly being one. As an adult?”
“Sure but I thought you were busy with your new energy thing.” He mused as he began to unwrap his knuckles.
“I hope they have rations stored away,” Gabe jibed as he began to gather the bowls up. “I’d happily empty my pack if it meant I could fill it with stuff to eat.”
Steve had been travelling with Cooper for nearly three months when he got to see Agent Carter again, or rather Peggy, as she’d told him to call her. The heat of summer had long since faded and now the cold winter days were here; at least where they were in Italy, it was just wet, Steve supposed. Regardless of the weather, he had recognised Peggy not long after he, Cooper and their whole squad arrived; he had been sitting with the other soldiers in their small group when he’d spotted her arguing with Colonel Philips in a nearby tent.
“Then skip the spinning rims. We’re on the clock.” He landed, the power cutting out abruptly, and headed inside, the landing pad deconstructing his ruined suit as he strolled inside.
He got off the ground, and one of them gripped his boot for a moment before the heat made it fall away.
“We’re hours off bedtime and you’re nagging already?” He asked, raising an eyebrow as he skimmed back to Clint Baton’s file.
“You are not my champion!” Fury raised his voice as Natasha spoke over him. “Are you boys really that naïve? SHIELD monitors potential threats!”
The CEO of Dream Master Inc chuckled, pushing off of the wall and strolling towards him. From the motion of the floor and the faint mechanical rumble beneath them, Steve realised they were on a boat.
They unloaded their pockets into a plastic tray to go through security then stepped from the metal detector one at a time. Recollecting their belongings, they made their way down to the courtroom, their footsteps echoing along the hall.
“Hey,” Steve grinned, letting himself into Arnie’s room. He leaned down to kiss his temple before transferring Ellie into his arms. She squealed in excitement at the sight of her dad, patting his cheeks with a little too much force until Steve pulled her hands away. “You look good.”
“You have to promise to be good to him,” she declared. Tony’s eyebrows shot up. She continued, “And you have to promise you’ll be nice to him, and you won’t make him do anything he doesn’t want to do.”
“In my apartment? Yes,” Tony smiled. He pressed a kiss to Steve’s cheek. “I’ll try to keep the meeting as short as I can. Call you when I’m on my way home. See you later.”
Tony considered it. Steve was busy tonight, on his own staff night out, celebrating the end of term and two weeks of freedom from teenagers with Angie and the rest of his co-workers. He glanced at the partially deconstructed Dreadnought.
“So, um, I think it might be safe to say that I like you,” Tony cleared his throat. “And I’m hoping you feel the same way?”
Tony pressed his palm to Steve’s cheek, running his thumb over his cheekbone, before leaning in and kissing him until they were breathless.
“Yeah. Seriously, it’s all good,” Steve insisted. The microwave pinged loudly, announcing that his pasta was ready and allowing Steve to grab the food and make a very obvious escape to his bedroom.
“How long do they need?” Steve muttered, viciously buttering his toast and biting into it with more force than was strictly necessary. “He’s obviously guilty,” he added, spraying crumbs over the counter.
“Saw that, huh?” he murmured. “Alright. Real answer. When you say you’re a genius, everyone assumes you know everything. I don’t. I just like to think I do. But I learn. Fast. Faster than most people. And that moment, when you go from not understanding to figuring it out, whatever it is, and
Tony’s fingers found his prostate, and Steve whined. Need bubbled in his stomach, rising up his throat so quickly, he felt like he might choke on it. Another press of Tony’s fingers, Tony swallowing him down again, and Steve came with a sound that felt like it’d been punched out of him. His eyes rolled back, and for a moment, Steve forgot to breathe.
“It’s not personal, you know,” she murmured. She nodded towards Daniel and Angie. “Those stories. They’re not personal.”
Steve winced, ducking his head. Tony chuckled again, cupping the back of Steve’s neck, nudging his head up until they were looking at each other.
Steve pushed the door to the side and stepped into the house, pulling it all but closed again behind him and letting a grin stretch across his face because he was here, in the Mermaid House at last. It was one of the places he’d scoured the internet for pictures of for years, along with Beelitz-Heilstatten in Germany and Pripyat in Ukraine.
“Really?” Steve faux gasped. “Like what? You’ve already decided I’m not your level, intelligence wise.”
“You’re not being ridiculous,” Tony murmured. “You were triggered. There’s no shame in that. Hell, I’m shaking.” He swallowed. “For a minute, I was back there. In your apartment.”
“So,” Tony said, climbing onto one of the high stools and turning towards Steve. “How are you feeling about the trial?”
“Yeah, about that…” Tony shoved his hands into his pockets. “I have a friend, army doctor, who’s stuck on bed rest and hating every minute of it. So I thought we could channel that anger into something useful to light a fire under the VA’s ass. You need to stay here for a couple of days and then, you’re going to move into your new place.”
“Uh, yes. Yes,” Bruce nodded, but before he could say anything else, he was distracted by a smooth hand slipping into his own. Frigga held onto his hand, raising his arm in the air as she continued to move to the music in her mind.
Natasha took over creative control, positioning Steve in front of the windows overlooking Brooklyn with Ellie looking over his shoulder so her face was hidden. Then she leaned the shield against a chair between Steve and Tony’s camera and gave Tony strict instructions to focus on the shield, which provided a sharp contrast between the edge of the shield and the softness of Steve and Ellie in the background.
He scrubbed at the moisture leaking from his eyes, then climbed to his feet, marching out of the house and across the terrace, trying to put some distance between himself and Tony. Spotting a large piece of broken masonry, Steve kicked it into the garden scrub with a roar.
Jessica let out a wet sob, leaning into Matt’s side. He rubbed her arm and squeezed her tight. Bruce smiled.
Brushing past Tony, he stepped into the bathroom to put product into his hair, giving it an artfully disheveled look. When he returned to the walk-in wardrobe, Tony was pulling a leather jacket on over his white t-shirt. His eyes widened when he saw Steve and his lips curved up into a smile.
Tony swallowed the taste of bile in his throat and tried to concentrate on not throwing up as Ivan and his posse approached.
“Well, it kinda is,” Daniel shrugged. “If you weren’t such a huge troll, then we might’ve believed you earlier.”
“I’ll bear that in mind,” Steve said. Tony leaned forward so Steve could scent Ellie and press a kiss to the top of her head. “Be good for Tony, okay baby girl? I love you.” He looked up at Tony. “Thank you.”
“Ouch,” he muttered, straightening up and favouring his right leg until his wound stopped throbbing. He made his way up the garden, yanking open the door to the pool room and found the knife still sticking out of the wall where it hit the day before.
He marched across the room and Tony started to feel bad. He’d been scared that something had happened to Clint or - worse - that Clint was going to do something stupid, so finding out that it was just a bunch of tangled cables should’ve been a relief.
Steve nodded, preoccupied with the thought of something happening to Tony. When Tony leaned down for a quick kiss, Steve clung on to his shirt, desperate to hold on to him as long as possible, until Tony uncurled his fingers.
“Uh, no,” he chuckled. “I’m Captain America and I’m an omega who has a pup out of bond. That’s a lot for anybody.”
“Not your fault,” he replied. “Not mine either. It’s just… a shitty situation. Something I have to deal with to be with Tony.”
Darren Cross was the head of dermatology and known throughout the hospital as Dodgy Darren thanks to his inability to understand social cues, like when someone wasn’t interested in him. He had a habit of asking out the female members of staff and couldn’t see that it might be considered an abuse of power.
“Hey you,” he greeted, swinging her up onto his hip and tweaking her nose. “At least somebody’s happy to see me.”
“This does feel slightly anticlimactic,” Tony added. “Considering you already have complete access to the Tower.”
“Yeah,” Steve nodded, his shoulders rising and falling as he took a breath. “Thanks. I know it wasn’t what we planned, but I had a good time.”
Belatedly, Tony realised they’d never actually discussed whether or not they were dating exactly. But then Steve’s face softened as he smiled, and Tony relaxed.
“Not like I’m busy. I was just heading out to the casino when you called. What’s going on?” Bucky asked, glancing between Tony and MJ. “Not that I’m not loving the atmosphere, but why are we here?”
Steve threw a piece of pasta at her, smirking when she shrieked and tried to throw a piece of lettuce back at him. The knot loosened some more and Steve said a silent
“Oh God, please let me sniff you!” Clint exclaimed, darting out of the ER and inhaling loudly. “Oh, that’s the stuff.”
Once the sounds of the students in the hall faded, Steve began gathering up everything he would need over the summer, shovelling it all into his backpack to sort out at a later date with the gifts he’d relieved from a couple of students. He powered down his computer, then swept his eyes over the classroom one last time. Satisfied that he had everything, he left the room, swinging his backpack onto his shoulder.
Steve nodded, and Tony flicked off the shower. He handed Steve a towel, then took one for himself, drying off his legs so he could put his jeans back on. He made sure to take his time, allowing Steve the time and dignity to dress himself.
“Oh, I know you can,” Coulson replied. “I also know that you see the big picture. If you're a team player, there’s a reason. So what’s the big picture?”
“I’m still sorry,” Steve said, giving in to his instincts and taking Tony’s hand, locking their fingers together and giving his hand a gentle squeeze.
“You know,” Sharon said when they’d collapsed on the verge of a food coma. “There’s this girl at work who would be perfect for you, Steve.”
“Buttons,” Tony replied, grabbing a water to wash down his surprisingly spicy sweet and sour pork. “But I didn’t think it suited her, so it’s your choice.”
He removed the clearly deteriorated old rings and seals, replacing them with the new ones and when he was done, Steve felt a rush of pride. He almost pulled out his phone to take a picture before realising there was no one he could possibly show without an explanation. Except Tony, who wouldn’t be nearly as impressed as Steve would like.
“I think help is an understatement of what you’ve done today, Steve,” Pepper said. “I’m pretty sure you just saved the day. Thank you.”
Dr. Stark nodded. “I’ve been there. Some days I’m still there. And if you’re lucky enough that they stick around through all the tough stuff? Then you get to enjoy the good stuff.”
But then, Tony Stark seemed content to let this beautiful house fall to ruin rather than live in it himself or sell it on to someone who could restore it to its former glory. Now, Steve feared the damage was too extensive to restore. The Mermaid House’s days were numbered. And that was a disappointing realisation.
“You definitely knocked a couple of point off my IQ,” he agreed, a teasing smile playing around the corners of his lips, “But I got a pretty high IQ, so there’s a long way to go before I’m stupid.”
Clint watched the emotions flicker across Stark’s face: confusion to understanding to disbelief. There was a flash of amusement, then Stark’s expression turned serious. “Well,” he nodded gravely. “They’re right. I guess. If you feel like you have to tell him, Steve, then go ahead. I won’t stop you.”
“They’re good,” Tony replied. Steve fixed him with a look. “Maybe a little chewy,” Tony admitted, “But I love them.”
Steve followed his gaze and spotted Angie hand in hand with a woman in a vampire outfit he instantly recognised as Steph from Daniel’s precinct. “It is,” he grinned. “Looks like she’s getting lucky after all.” He turned back to Tony. “Let’s stay and do shots. I love clubbing but not tonight. Next time.”
Steve picked up a cup of water, angling the straw with his finger so Tony could take a sip. The cool water soothed the scratching in his throat and was welcome after the hours spent in the Tracksuit Mafia’s captivity - and they really needed to work on a better name for them.
“That makes sense,” Tony called. “People like you rarely get to where they want to be on their own. They ride the coattails of those smarter, better, more connected than they are.”
It was stupid and irrational, because every floor of the tower had top of the range soundproofing so it wasn’t like he could hear anything anyway, but Tony would swear that it felt quiet. Oppressively so. Bucky went back to Matt’s last night, and Clint and Natasha were off doing something for SHIELD. Thor was on Asgard, and Bruce was holed up in his lab working on a new project with a JARVIS-enforced do not disturb policy.
Tony stared into the pool, his eyes unseeing, and Steve had to sit on his hands, pressing them against the cool tile, to stop himself from reaching out to him. He’d just finished explaining everything to Tony, from his suspicions about Stane to his break-in to figuring out Stane’s evil plans. He hated seeing it hurt Tony, but he figured Tony deserved to know. He’d been denied the right to his own life for so long.
“See you,” Tony nodded absently. Then he frowned and shouted after him, “Wait, why does Gary in CT have a tattoo of my face?”
Tony pushed him backwards, Steve’s hand in his shirt ensuring Tony came too, until he was lying across the couch. Tony used his position to his full advantage, taking control of the kiss, something Steve was only too happy to concede. Sliding one hand up into Steve’s hair, Tony tugged on it gently, smiling into the kiss when Steve groaned.
That was great. There was just one little problem: Steve had no idea how to deal with this. It was easy when he was the one kidnapped and he was working with Tony to take down the bad guy. But this, this was his life now if he was with Tony. Sitting at home and waiting, never knowing if Tony was going to come back.
They remained there, making out languidly, and Tony lost all sense of time. There was no rush, no urgency. Just a low, building fire they were content to feed as Tony’s hands roamed up Steve’s spine, across his shoulders, cupping his ass. The last one earned him a low moan which reverberated between their chests.
“Oh, God. I thought you liked me,” Tony exclaimed. “JARVIS, make note: Steve’s attempting to kill me in cruel and unusual ways.”
Tony exhaled through his nose, glancing at his watch and wondering how much Pepper was going to kill him. Then he looked at Clint again, hunched over the DVR and wielding the wire cutters menacingly and sighed.
Tony pictured Steve; his sleepy smile in the morning, the weight of him on Tony’s chest, his rumbling laughter, and his voice as he sang a song that he’d written just for Tony. Steve, who he’d promised forever to.
“You okay?” Steve asked because Tony looked tense and worn. He had the urge to offer Tony to scent him but he didn’t know if that was the done thing anymore.
“You used to be very appreciative when I stood up for you,” Alexander smirked and Steve’s blood ran cold. “I remember that time I stuck my neck out for you with the department head. I always did like you on your knees. I’m sure we could work out some kind of arrangement to show your gratitude.”
Nefaria swept out of the room and Steve yelled after him, “That would be more impressive if you had a cape.”
“Yeah,” Tony replied, his lips twitching upwards, causing Bucky to cackle like a witch when he noticed.
“You first saw Luchino Nefaria on August 16th 2014 and then you didn’t see him again until April 13th, is that correct?”
When Tony tried to move back, Steve chased his lips, his hand coming up to grip onto Tony’s shoulder just in case he was thinking about slipping away. Tony let out a low chuckle that was unfairly attractive, and then his lips were back on Steve’s.
“That’s technically true,” Steve admitted, scrubbing a hand over his face. He couldn’t decide if it was a good thing or a bad thing that Tony had tonight off.
“Better yet, come with us,” Steve replied over his shoulder, letting Angie drag him back out onto the dance floor.
Tony cupped Steve’s cheek, drawing him in for a kiss. He couldn’t imagine being any more content than he was here in this moment with Steve.
“Sounds like a plan,” Steve agreed, pulling out a chair from the table with his foot and sitting down, Hannah in his lap. He fished his phone from his jeans, opening the YouTube app and finding the
Steve raised his eyebrows. “Tony, do you know how much a generator costs?” When Tony shrugged, Steve continued, “A lot. I work at Target. I’m not exactly making a lot of money. Apart from which, I’m climbing over a wall to get in here. How am I supposed to get a generator over a wall?”
As soon as the door opened enough for him to slip through, Tony stepped into the elevator and smacked the close doors button. He leaned back against the wall, tilting his head back and squeezing his eyes shut and trying to block out the voices in his head.
It took Steve approximately eight point two seconds after finishing his story to fall completely in love with Marci Stahl. He told her the whole sorry affair, from his father’s absences during his childhood, to his mistreatment of his mother, to the continued demands for money, right up to that morning’s meeting. When he finished, Marci blinked. Then her face turned hard and she declared, “I’m going to make him wish he’d never been
“I’m glad I told him though,” Steve said. “I’m glad that… That he gets some time with her. Even if it’s not long. They’ll get to know each other.”
“More than okay,” Tony promised. “I helped you because I could; tomorrow or next week, you’ll help me. Or I’ll help you again. That’s what we do.”
Clint flicked open the lid and took a sip of coffee, smiling unrepentantly at anyone who glanced his way. Beside him, Steve rolled his eyes skyward and shook his head.
He paused for a moment, taking a deep breath, and had just turned towards the next door when a crash echoed through the house. Steve’s head snapped in the direction of the noise and he waited.
And not just because sexting with Tony last night was better than some actual sex Steve had had in the past.
He glanced up and found Clint skulking around the edge of the room, his hands jammed deep in his pockets and his eyes darting over Tony’s projects that were all in various states of completion. Tony sat back and put aside his tools.
“I’m never going to like seeing you get hurt,” he began. “But honestly? That’s probably a good thing. I think if I did, there’d be something wrong with me.”
some kind of genius, or that the Starks were a pair of assholes who abused a child for their own ridiculous gains.
“What I’m saying,” he continued, leaning forward, “Is that if Clint is showing cracks, then he wants you to see them. He wants help, despite all appearances to the contrary. He just doesn’t know how to ask.”
Steve, being an evil genius who clearly had superpowers, which he intended to use for pure evil, simply sent back another picture of himself, biting his thumb with an utterly unrepentant grin on his face.
“No, I wanna live with you, Tony. You’re my boyfriend and we’re in this for the long haul,” Steve reminded himself. “I want this. I’m just… getting stupidly emotional over an apartment.”
“Wait. I think Howard had a generator somewhere,” Tony realised. “He was kind of a paranoid asshole. And terrified of earthquakes.”
“Yeah. You’re right.” God, he loved Tony. And how Tony seemed to instinctively know what Steve needed without asking or making a fuss about it. Because the only thing he would’ve hated more than the paparazzi attention in the early days of their relationship was feeling like Tony was coddling him.
Bucky jumped off of the desk, shuffling towards the front of the room with his hands stuffed into his pockets.
(Steve had read the articles online. He knew that although it was supposedly okay for omegas to have pups out of bond now, there was still a lot of judgement and condemnation for it. He wanted a little longer with just him and his pup before he exposed her to that.)
Steve grinned but before he could step onto the staircase, a splash broke the silence. Glancing over his shoulder, Steve saw ripples spread across the pool. He frowned.
Alexander turned and studied Steve over the rim of the mug. Steve raised a questioning eyebrow; Alexander smiled at him.
“Alright.” Tony stole one more kiss, before untangling himself from Steve and leaving the room to make the call.
“Or maybe we’re just that good,” Tony replied. Steve could hear the grin in his voice without looking up. He chuckled, curling into Tony’s body heat as the air began to cool the sweat on his skin. “We should probably clean up,” Tony sighed.
“What? Yes. Hi,” Banner replied, pushing his glasses further up his nose as he looked up. “Wait, Steve?”
A lump bloomed in Steve’s throat. Of course. Of course Tony knew exactly what the voice in the back of Steve’s mind was whispering to him. Fuck, he loved Tony so much. Over the years, Steve had lived in so many places he’d lost count. Between the foster system then college and residencies, and now Tony’s Army career, he’d spent most of his life moving around. As a result, there was nowhere he called home. But it wasn’t true; his home was wherever Tony was, and he never felt more at home than when he was wrapped in Tony’s arms like this, the calluses on his hands rough against Steve’s skin.
“Or perhaps their ‘concerns’ are less about the public nature of my relationship, and more about the fact that I’m dating a man.”
And if an added bonus was burying his face into Steve’s neck on the subway, well, he’d had a rough night and cuddling with his boyfriend on public transit was his reward.
He looked at her desperately but Natasha just smiled and walked away. This was something he had to figure out on his own.
“Stane’s at a meeting with Boeing for another hour,” Sharon murmured, leading the way into her office.
“In that case, I’ll just kill you instead,” Nefaria smirked. “Touching speech, full marks, but I was always going to kill you, Mr Stark. And now I have to kill Steven too, all because of you. I want you to remember that: if he hadn’t met you, Steven would still be alive. Instead, you’re both going to die.”
“Hurry up,” Steve panted, letting his nails scrape Tony’s skin as his hand ran the length of his chest.
Steve sprang back, his heart pounding and his face flushed, and found Obadiah Stane watching them with an amused expression on his face.
Natasha studied the older woman. There was something familiar about the way she was acting. Pulling a flashlight from her pocket, she stepped forward.
He looked out over the city again. He was going home, he decided. Not home, back to the apartment. Yeah, he’d go back to the apartment, order food, watch TV and just relax.
“No,” Steve refused. “Absolutely not. I don’t want my life splashed across the media any more than it has to be.”
Steve took a deep breath, remembering Peggy’s advice to take his time and stay calm, even though he just wanted this to be over so he didn’t have to feel like his relationship was on trial and he could avoid Nefaria’s smug, self-satisfied smirk.
She caught sight of Natasha and a wave of guilt washed over her, followed by a healthy dose of nerves. Taking a deep breath, she hurried after Natasha, catching her wrist and tugging her into the supply room.
“Were you going to tell anyone that you moved out?” he asked. “Because I don’t remember receiving notification of you moving out.”
He retrieved Steve’s gift from his coat pocket, and watched with nervous anticipation as Steve carefully removed the paper. He stole a glance at Tony as he turned over the leather box, before flicking it open to reveal the watch inside.
Bobbi sat on the end of the bed, but instead of lifting her shirt like he’d expected her to, she pulled the whole thing off so she was just sitting there in her bra.
Pulling his phone from his pocket, Tony scrolled through his contacts and hit call on Pepper’s cell phone, flashing Ari a smile as he lifted the phone to his ear.
“This is creepy,” Steve murmured. It was like… a shrine, left in memory of the little boy even though there was no one left to remember him - with the exception of his brother, Tony, wherever he may be.
Pressing their foreheads together, Tony ran his thumb back and forth over Steve’s cheekbone, letting his wrist rub against his chin. Scent marking him. A thrill danced along Steve’s spine. He raised his own wrist and ran it over Tony’s neck, grinning at the pleased hum that elicited from his alpha.
The FBI agent appeared visibly uncomfortable. “We received information from Dream Master Inc that you made a threat against the event.”
“Thank you,” Steve whispered, and the room felt charged. This was more than sex, more than messing around together, and holy shit, Tony should not be falling this fast for anyone, but damn it if he wasn’t falling for Steve. Especially when Steve raised his hand, letting his fingers drift around the edge of the reactor, while looking up at him with reverence Tony wasn’t sure he deserved.
It probably wasn’t best practise, but he rushed through explaining a task to his class, before throwing himself into his desk chair and bringing up the feed of the fight, making sure the volume was switched off, and watching in fascinated horror as the battle continued. The longer it dragged on, the more it wore on Steve’s nerves and his nails were all bitten ragged.
For a moment, Steve thought he was dreaming. The image of Obadiah Stane in his designer suit and shiny tie pin standing in the decay of the Stark Mansion didn’t seem real. But then Stane chuckled and Steve’s heart began to hammer in his throat.
He’d need fluids, Tylenol to combat the fever, blankets to keep Steve warm, and something easy on the stomach to eat.
Did Steve not know? Tony wracked his brains, flicking back through his memories. He was certain they’d talked about Matt being Daredevil before when Steve was there. They must’ve. They’d been dating for a year, Steve had to know by now.
Tony sighed. “Thirteen years. Thirteen years, Steve, and still I can’t get you trained.” He grinned and poked Steve with his big toe. “What am I gonna do with you?”
Once they were alone - as much as possible in a busy corridor - Tony turned to Steve, smiling up at him.
“Fine”, Tony interrupted. “We both know I’m going to fold like a bad poker hand, so can we just skip this part because I really don’t want to fight with you again.”
“Great. Steve, call me if you decide, otherwise I’ll let you know when I get the appointment arranged.”
“No, I’m not,” he replied. “I mean, this whole thing started because my friends thought I needed help dating. Why, are you?”
“But that address, that’s the Stark Mansion. It’s abandoned,” Steve pointed out. “Okay, but, Tony is not running that company. Trust me.”
Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Tony disappear underwater, but he didn’t look round, didn’t dare. He kept looking at Stane, pain shooting through him as his muscles seized.
Tony turned back to his paperwork, jumping a little when a voice hissed in his ear, “I can't believe that asshole is here.”
Part of him considered lying down again and going back to sleep. But another part reminded him that he needed to get down to Long Beach and visit the fish market before it closed.
One of his biggest regrets was the fact that he had no photos of Tony, but he’d decided it was just too dangerous. He’d gone through the Stark Mansion, destroying every photo of Tony. He wouldn’t have kept those even if he’d wanted to; Tony looked miserable in every single one. That wasn’t how Steve wanted to remember him. He wanted to remember Tony’s smile, his laughter and delight when he teased Steve.
Inside, he followed the directions of the reception desk through the building to Arnie’s room, ignoring the curious glances he got from residents, staff and visitors alike that he passed on the way. Reaching the room in question, Steve took a deep breath and looked down at Ellie.
Steve set an alarm for the following morning, knowing it would be a long day. He would have to call Foggy to check the papers had gone through, and then he had to figure out how the hell he was going to run an entire company and weed out all of Stane’s cronies from SI. He hoped he’d get a chance to give Bucky a call too; they hadn’t caught up in a while and Steve missed him.
“That and the fact I own the building and can toss these freeloaders out whenever I want,” Tony added.
Steve’s plans of lying on the couch and playing video games were interrupted by a loud rumble from his stomach. Steve hummed, glancing longingly across the apartment towards the kitchen. Angie ditched him after the much-needed supermarket trip to meet with a friend from drama school who’d just arrived in town to begin rehearsals for
Clint sucked in a breath. Everyone froze, as though holding their breath to see what was going to happen. Maybe this
“You’re going to regret this,” Alexander said conversationally, as though they were talking about the weather.
“SHIELD are assholes,” Tony said almost dismissively before his face transformed into a wide grin, his eyes going soft. “Hi beautiful.”
“You know me so well, J,” Tony said, smiling when Ellie poked him in the chin. “Gotta keep you safe, right, munchkin?”
“And the fact you bought me a drink with no ulterior motive would’ve been enough to capture my attention,” Tony took over. His fingers slipped below Steve’s jeans, playing with the waistband of his underwear.
“Alright, where do I start?” Steve murmured, scanning the room and feeling excitement bubble in his gut for the first time in, well, in over a year. “No, you know what,” he decided. “I’m gonna leave this room for last.”
“My dad was amazing,” Johnny said quietly, swallowing around the lump in his throat. “But I don’t know what he would’ve thought about me being gay.”
Well, technically his morning started two hours earlier, but Tony didn’t count the day as officially beginning until he received his first message from Steve. On weekdays. On weekends, when Steve didn’t have to get up for work, it was a different matter entirely, because he could, would, and indeed had happily slept the whole day away when he didn’t have to work.
His heart pounding in his ears, Steve walked towards the alcove and pushed his full weight against the wall. There was a click and it swung open, sending Steve stumbling forward into…
Sliding his hands up onto Steve’s cheeks, Tony brushed his thumbs back and forth over Steve’s cheekbones. He shook his head, unable to speak around the lump in his throat.
Ivan the Terrible signalled to his two goons to step back from Tony and Clint. When Tony peered towards Clint on his right, he found him conscious but dazed.
Bruce watched helplessly as she lit the joint and took a long drag. He knew he should stop her, but he didn’t know how. There wasn’t a chapter in the textbooks on how to stop the matriarch of your hospital’s biggest donor family from getting high in a closet.
A few hours later, Tony heard the doors open and close and felt someone watching him. It was too early for Steve to be here, so it was probably Bruce. It definitely wasn’t Bucky, because Bucky Barnes was physically incapable of being silent unless his life depended on it. Only, whoever it was was just staring at him. Turning away from the design he was working on, Tony glanced over his shoulder and found a stranger staring at him with wide eyes.
Their heads snapped towards Bruce. For a moment, Steve had forgotten he was there. Bruce was staring wide-eyed at Tony and his colour was off.
“Yeah. I know,” Tony sighed. “This feels personal. First Marco, now this. At least I know what he wanted to tell me about now.”
Bruce was just about to tie off the stitches when the door opened and a uniformed officer wandered in.
“Here we go,” Dr. Stark said, pulling the door of the room closed behind them. Johnny glanced around; the room was almost identical to the one Peter was in. At Dr. Stark’s prompting, he hopped up onto the edge of the bed. “So, what are you doing here?”
“Just, ah, just wondering what they’ll - oh yeah - say at work… If, if they see. Bruises,” Steve replied. “From your hands. Tonight.”
“Tomorrow. Since she was still here, Dr. Cho checked you out. You have bruised ribs, one broken, and your jaw’s pretty bruised too. You’re lucky it wasn’t dislocated. Once your gums heal, you can get false teeth to replace the ones you lost. You were pretty dehydrated though, so you have to stay on that IV until the morning."
Tony jerked awake. Sunlight streamed into the apartment through the cracks in the curtains. Beside him, Steve was still snoring quietly into his pillow. Fear gripped Tony’s heart when he saw the time.
Forgoing any words at all, Steve flipped him off. Tony snorted, before darting forward and stealing a piece of pizza.
“Best thing about being a teacher?” Tony asked, slouching in his chair as he relaxed into their conversation.
Stane marched towards him, crossing the room quickly with long strides. Steve gritted his teeth, fighting the urge that told him to
“To reach the briefing room, head to your right upon exiting the elevator,” JARVIS explained as the doors slid open. “The briefing room is behind the elevators.”
“Heart surgery?” Hogan echoed. “I thought you were going to say I was dying. Let’s do it. Do I need to give consent or something?”
“So I’m not crazy?” Jessica asked, her voice wobbling and Bruce experienced a surge of protectiveness, despite the fact she had nearly ten years on him.
It turned out several of his students had questions, due in part to his terrible explanation at the start of the lesson. When they were done, it took all of Steve’s self control to stop himself from running back to his desk.
They filled the subway ride discussing the Dodgers and their current form, and Bucky even contemplated graffitiing the subway car with
- but he couldn’t bring himself to say any of them, fear gripping him from head to toe. Even if he could speak, he wouldn’t know where to start.
“No- Ellie, don’t pull the cat’s tail,” Tony called, scrambling to his feet and rushing to the rescue.
First of all, he flicked it onto the camera, checking his hair and baring his teeth, lest he have anything stuck in them. Then he flicked onto Tumblr, scrolling through his feed and checking the notifications on the piece of art he posted the day before.
He crept along the corridor slowly, keeping the gun in his hand and saying a silent prayer of thanks for his relationship with Daniel - not only emotional support and great sex, but also learning how to escape from handcuffs and use a gun - for being great training for being kidnapped.
In 1977, Howard Stark bought the land following his marriage to socialite and renowned marine biologist Maria Stark, intending for it to become the home for their future children. The house was completed in October 1978 and the couple moved in. The decor was heavily influenced by the ocean, and the house gained its nickname ‘The Mermaid House’ as a result of the famous parties held there, where the Starks would hire performers to act as mermaids in the giant swimming pool. Their eldest son, Arno, was born in the house in 1988.
“Ms Walters,” the judge called. “Are you ready for the opening statements on behalf of the government?”
Pepper excused herself, hearing her name from across the room, but Ari appeared in her place, looking more excited that Steve had ever seen him.
Tony handed over the bowl and spoon, before returning to collect his own bowl. As soon as Tony sat down, Steve wriggled his toes underneath Tony’s thighs.
Tony’s lips twitched. “Stop distracting me,” he scolded, ignoring Steve’s indignant huff. “Anyway, as I was saying: there should be a pressure gauge. If it’s 8-10psi above normal operating pressure, it needs to be backwashed. But considering it should be backwashed on a weekly basis and it’s been ten years, I’m gonna say it’s a pretty safe bet it needs to be done.”
Frigga leaned in and pinched his cheek before dancing into the exam room. Bruce raised his eyes to the ceiling and said a silent prayer for patience.
“When she was done, she packed it away, into our attic so it would be safe. When my uncle, Paolo, was born six months later, she took out the quilt to add to it as was tradition. And do you know what she found?”
Ellie let out a string of nonsensical gibberish, looking entirely serious the whole time. Ari smiled, looking far too pleased with himself in Steve’s opinion, and added, “See? Our pup agrees with me.”
Pulling himself away, Steve resumed his perusal of the boxes before realising he had no idea what he was looking for. He could probably pick out prawns, but how to tell the difference between saltwater and freshwater prawns, he had no idea. Nor did he know what the difference between halibut and pollock was.
“Please,” Steve begged. “Just help me get proof. Help me find a way to get proof, and I’ll get it myself.”
The past few weeks had been a whirlwind, between taking over the company, the investigation into Stane’s death when his body was found by a group of urban explorers, and starting therapy with Dr. Cho. Steve’s head was spinning. Whenever he needed to take some time out and just breathe, he went to the beach. Any beach, preferably one that didn’t have too many people around, clinging to his last thread of connection with Tony.
“Oh my God, this went so much better than I expected!” he exclaimed. “You see that? That’s Kenjiro Fujikawa. He’s
“I was young and dumb, and he was older and handsome and he was nice to me,” Steve explained. “It was my first job out of college and in an ER. I was so scared but he never made fun of me for it.”
When Steve woke again, the first thing he did was check his phone, where he found a message from Tony waiting for him.
The door buzzed, letting him into the building. Tony jogged up the stairs and rapped on Steve’s door. From inside the apartment, he heard the sound of feet rumbling towards the door. He bit back a smile just in time, before the door swung open and revealed Evie Rose.
A grin spread slowly across Steve’s face, growing when Tony scowled and added, “Don’t ruin it, Rogers,” before diving back underwater.
Steve grinned, pulling his t-shirt over his head. It was bought specifically for clubbing; light blue and thin enough to leave nothing to the imagination. Slipping into it and his skinniest jeans felt like wearing a second skin.
“Yes, but that’s because you’re a dumbass who can’t walk away from a fight,” Tony teased, seasoning the chicken.
Tony slipped into the bedroom and grinned. In his absence, Steve had stripped out of his clothes and was lounging naked on the bed, looking like something out of a work of art, his dick half hard already. Tony's mouth went dry, his own arousal building.
When he was done, Steve peeled off his sodden shirt and patted himself dry using the towel. Picking up the towel and t-shirt, he climbed the stairs again. Again, he ignored Tony’s curious gaze as he stretched the towel and t-shirt out in the sun. Then, finally, he turned towards Tony, crossing to the edge of the pool and sitting with crossed legs.
But Hank was adamant: no tests for anyone who couldn’t pay for them. He’d made the decree and the techs were all onboard. More or less. Because in a hospital, what the administrators didn’t know, didn’t hurt them. And that was the theory upon which Clint was choosing to operate.
“There better be donuts,” Clint agreed, following Bucky with a limp. “I didn’t get thrown about by those big, metal bastards for there not to be donuts.”
“Uh, Happy’s here,” Steve murmured, catching sight of the limo over Tony’s shoulder. “We’re giving him a show.”
He didn’t have a chance to wince at the pain shooting down his arm because he was falling down, the wind whistling in his ears as the Dreadnoughts attacked his now-empty suit in the air above him. The ocean rushed up towards him then suddenly a new suit wrapped itself around him and burst into life.
Steve watched the face off between mother and daughter with amusement; Peggy eyed Evie Rose suspiciously, while Evie Rose blinked with wide-eyed innocence that meant she was up to something.
“I’m going to have to ask you not to talk to my client when I’m not present,” he continued, stepping further into the room.
“I think she’s too close. And as much she might want to deny it, she’s not a spy anymore. She has actual human emotions. Just don’t tell anyone.”
“Which is why Franklin D Roosevelt High has been chosen as the inaugural winner for our new grant,” Julie Wilson continued. “To show the importance of education for all and not just the privileged.”
“And he was so happy to find out Ellie,” Steve continued. “They never had kids, Arnie and Michael. That was his mate. They couldn’t. They were both alphas. He loved her.”
“No one does,” Steve replied. “SHIELD… thought it was a bad idea. That people might have problems with it if they knew I was an omega.”
“Of course I like him,” Steve muttered, turning off the shower and grabbing his towel. “He’s my friend.”
“Welcome, welcome one and all,” Stane continued. “Colleagues, family, friends. Welcome to the Stark Industries Annual Mixer. It’s been another wonderful year, and I am so proud of the work you’ve all put in. Now, I know you were all hoping to see Tony,” Stane added with a wry grin, and Steve’s breath caught. “But unfortunately, Mr Stark couldn’t make it.”
They remained there, in the shallows of the pool, clinging to each other until their heart rates returned to normal.
Steve bit his lip in a poor attempt to stop himself from grinning like a lunatic. For Tony and for the penthouse, Steve could see himself moving to Manhattan.
“Yeah,” Johnny replied, eying her warily, as though he expected to be scolded for not telling her about his injuries. “I’m okay.”
“Stand down!” a male voice shouted. “You are being taken in for questioning on suspicion of terrorism.”
“Oh thank God,” Tony blurted out, hauling Steve in for a kiss. It was terrible kiss, because they were both laughing and then stumbling out of the elevator, but it was still perfect because it was Tony.
“It’s a long story,” Steve replied. “Hey, Tony? Come here. Don’t go too near the water,” he warned, grabbing Bruce’s arm and pulling him back.
By the time Tony added a third finger, Steve was starting to wonder if Tony was planning on making him come like this. He pushed his forehead into Tony’s shoulder and he didn’t know if Tony’s shoulder was sticky with sweat or if it was his own forehead. Maybe both.
Holding Steve’s hips steady, Tony pressed inside. They gasped, almost in unison, and Tony used every ounce of self control he had to stay still and give Steve a chance to adjust.
Tony closed his eyes, feeling his breath catch as their lips touched. Kissing Steve felt like nothing else in the world, except maybe flying. They both left him feeling light-headed and weightless and completely breathless.
He couldn’t vacuum, because there was shit everywhere on his floor - including half of the laundry which needed to be done. So that was a no.
“I think you mean it is a bomb shelter,” Clint said, picking a piece of plaster out of his hair. “I mean, we did get bombed.”
Steve closed the door behind them, turning at the squeal of, “Unka Seeve!” accompanied by the rumble of tiny feet on hardwood floor. He grinned, crouching to receive Hannah’s hug.
Tony snorted, patting Bucky’s shoulder as he passed him to slide into the booth next to Foggy and Marci. “It wasn’t me you had to worry about, Buckaroo.”
Tony glanced around at the tinsel and paper chains which adorned the workshop, courtesy of DUM-E and U. It seemed perfectly acceptable to him, as did the Christmas songs JARVIS was piping through the speakers.
Tony closed the door behind him and exhaled slowly. He hoped he’d managed to get through to Wilson, but only time would tell. Maybe he’d never find out. That was the hardest part of working the ER; often, you never found out what happened to your patients. Tony’d learned to live with it a long time ago, but there were still moments when he wondered what his life would be like if he worked in a clinic or in a department where he could actually bond with his patients and see them recover.
Ari disappeared into the crowd, leaving Steve and Coulson alone. Steve pulled his phone from his pocket, turning off Do Not Disturb and checking for messages.
Natasha bit back a smile. Bruce was adorable in the way all new interns and residents were, full of the passion and fire she struggled to keep alive some days.
“You need ice on that eye?” Tony asked, as they watched the SHIELD agents begin to pack up the contents of the warehouse, everything from the Goochi and Ardmoni handbags, to the AK-47s, to more particle projectors and interferometry systems like the ones they found in the ports raid earlier in the month.
Making the decision to have the surgery was brave. It was a risk but if it paid off then Hogan would be able to spend the rest of his life with the woman he loved.
“That’s because she has taste,” Tony retorted, scratching Liho’s ear. Steve smiled at the rumbling purr which filled the room.
They put their dirty bowls and spoons into the dishwasher and Bucky returned the rest of the ice cream to the freezer. Steve had a feeling they would be needing it over the coming days.
“You need to wear eyeliner more,” Tony announced, running his thumb around the edge of Steve’s eye. “It is stunning on you. I could get lost in those baby blues.”
But when he walked in, she flushed and wouldn’t look him in the eye, directing him straight into Edwards’ office without a word.
With a sigh, he pulled on his boots and grabbed his backpack. He picked up some fish and fruit for Tony, making a mental note to go back to the fish market on Saturday, then grabbed a smoothie and lunch for himself, making sure to pack an extra bottle of water since the temperature was already climbing.
“Hey. Hey, I’ve got you. You’re okay,” Steve whispered. He wrapped his arms around Tony, weaving a hand into his hair. “You’re okay.”
“If I wasn’t afraid for my life, I’d kiss you right now. Actually, screw it.” Tony danced around the table, dropping a kiss onto the top of her head, jumping back before Natasha could react. He grimaced, wiping his mouth. “Jesus woman, when did you last shower?”
“No, I’m not,” Steve yawned, flopping onto his back, stretching his arms above his head. Tony’s eyes were drawn automatically to the motion of the muscles in his chest, and he silently blessed Steve’s penchant for sleeping bare-chested because it was the best sight to wake up to. “I called in sick.”
It was obvious that the Avengers were horribly, dangerously outmatched. These robot things, whatever they were, they were ready for the Avengers, and the Avengers clearly were not prepared for them. They fought well and hard, but they were obviously on the back foot and doing everything they could to try and catch up. Steve caught sight of Bucky, sans cowl, his scowling face smeared with dirt, a trickle of blood on his cheek from an already-healed cut. The next time he saw Tony, his armour was already battered and bruised, a dark grey scrape along one side filling Steve’s head with all kinds of horrible possibilities.
“Start a new one, under my name. I’ll pay it at the end of the night,” Tony promised, and Josie’s expression softened.
“Good luck,” Hope added, which was a good touch. They should let Steve know there were no hard feelings; it was just about doing what was right.
“My dad’s trying to get money out of me,” Steve shrugged, hoping Bucky would accept his explanation and leave it at that. “He does that sometimes. Marci’s helping me out.”
Steve pointed at Peggy, grinning when she rolled her eyes but took the shot obligingly, Daniel following suit.
Steve couldn’t resist reaching out and touching, his fingers skating across Tony’s cheekbones. Tony raised his eyebrows in amusement.
Tony was floating in the middle of the pool when Steve arrived. His eyes flickered over Tony from head to tail. The sight of him lounging in the water, looking relaxed and gaining weight thanks to his improved diet and Bruce’s prescription of antibiotics, brought a smile to Steve’s face.
“I’m going upstairs to call Rhodey,” Tony announced, picking up his phone from the table. “Keep an eye on him?” he said to Angie, who was curled up in the armchair with a book, nodding towards Steve.
“No, absolutely not!” Harry agreed slightly manically, his head bouncing up and down like a nodding dog.
Rhodey studied him silently, just long enough for Steve’s skin to start crawling, then he asked, “Did you get any black bean beef?”
“You must be Nefaria,” Tony replied, flipping up his faceplate. “Tell me, what came first; the name or the career? Or was it just a happy coincidence?”
“Uh, fine,” Steve frowned. He kicked off his shoes, rolling up his jeans as he sat on the ground and slipped his feet into the water. “Tony, can I ask you something?”
Steve grinned proudly and Tony shook his head, cupping Steve’s face in both hands and drawing him in and kissing the smug smile off of his face until Steve was groaning into his mouth.
Besides, since their first nervous messages almost a year ago, barely a day went by when they didn’t send at least one message to check in with the other. Three days of complete radio silence was deafening.
He played a few chord progressions, until something stuck in his head. Frowning, he played it again, then again, this time humming along.
“Is there anyone who can testify on your behalf who has actually witnessed your father’s behaviour first hand? Because if you want to take this to court, we need witnesses. Credible witnesses, because it’s our word against his right now. And even then, there’s no guarantee this stays out of the press.”
Turning back to the pool, Steve realised exactly how big it was. He wilted a little at the thought of scrubbing it all by hand to remove the build up of muck from the walls.
“No. Of course not,” Lang laughed, a little too loudly. “Why would it be? Okay… Yeah. Good chat, I’m gonna go.”
Then he looked at the list, sitting there, taunting him, and decided it was time to tick something off. He grabbed his boots and his jeans, stripping out of his old t-shirt into a clean one.
But his focus was on the ship, so he didn’t notice anything until something large and solid slammed into his side and sent him tumbling through the air.
Turning on his heel, Steve sprinted back downstairs, running along the corridor to the library and racing up the spiral staircase. He paused, mentally recalibrating, before studying the wall in question. Spinning around, he leaned over the bannister, eyeing the entrance to the library on the floor below before turning back to the wall and studying it.
Still laughing, Steve leaned in and kissed him again, groaning against Tony’s mouth when he brushed his prostate. “Harder,” he cried out, his back arching.
“What do you have to lose?” Steve called. “You come with me and if I’m lying, if I’m wrong, so what? You wasted an hour. But if I’m telling the truth…”
When he returned to the booth, Marci turned to Tony with a knowing smirk, one eyebrow quirked, in an expression to make grown men and hardened DAs tremble. Tony took a sip of his beer, eyeing her warily.
Steve padded back through to the bedroom, curling underneath the still-warm covers and leaning back against the headboard, sipping his tea and watching the city outside. He was seriously contemplating taking advantage of Tony’s board meeting to lie in bed all morning, even though he could hear a voice in his head - which sounded like a horrific Frankenstein-ed version of Peggy and his Nana - telling him that he should make the most of the morning. But the call of the bed was far too tempting.
Tony slicked up his cock then held it steady as Steve sank down onto him. As always, the feeling of Steve surrounding him left him breathless. Tony gulped, his skin prickling as Steve settled his ass against Tony’s hips.
His head started to hurt from his grip on his hair, so Steve dropped his hands to his waist and let his head hang.
A familiar beat-up truck pulled into the parking lot, going faster than it should be, and skidded to a halt in an empty space. Tony called to MJ then crossed to the truck as Bucky jumped out of the driver’s seat.
“Hey,” he smiled, taking in Tony in business mode: the sharp suit and sunglasses hiding his eyes. It was a good look. Even with all the weirdness in his head, Steve could appreciate that.
Sometimes Steve forgot that there was a business operating out of Stark Tower and that it wasn’t just their home. But as he stepped into the conference room - one of Stark Industries’ rather than the Avengers’ one off of the communal floor - he was suddenly reminded. He wasn’t sure where to look first; out of the exterior window overlooking Park Avenue, or the wall of interior windows looking into the atrium that rose up through the middle of the floors belonging to SI. In the end the interior windows won out.
Hauling himself to his feet with a muffled groan, Steve shuffled across the room and pulled on the jeans and t-shirt he’d shed the night before. A few minutes later, with a travel mug full of the strongest coffee he could make and his keys in hand, Steve trudged down to the street, climbing into his car and praying it wouldn’t object to the early hour.
Even Rhodey was busy, doing War Machine stuff for the Air Force, which kept him away more often than not.
They shifted to the coffee table, Sharon and Rhodey claiming the couch while Steve made himself a seat from a pile of cushions before digging in. It was… nice. Good. Kind of awkward, but Steve knew that was his fault. He’d rejected all the entreaties made by both of them for a year, and it had left this wedge between them. If he was going to try and befriend them, he would have to work on removing that wedge, and Steve wasn’t under any illusions it would just disappear thanks to one meal.
The guy glowered at him but Steve refused to budge, so he had no choice but to leave the ER. Shaking his head, Steve turned back to the nurses’ station. He’d learned early on after Tony’s stint in rehab that he had to harden his heart towards the addicts who came to the ER looking for drugs or he wouldn’t be able to do this job. If it was up to Steve, he would do everything he could for them, but he was limited by the hospital, budgets, and this country’s pathetic excuse for a health service.
“First of all,” Tony retorted, “I don’t think you took him down anything, Steve. He kicked your ass! And second: it’s not the same thing! I’m in a nearly indestructible suit of armour.”
“I had him on the ropes,” Steve groaned, wiping the blood from his lips and cleaning his hand on his jeans.
Steve laughed, shaking his head. Relief flooded his veins as he realised they’d done it. The company was theirs.
But to his surprise, Steve simply nodded and fell in behind him as they climbed the stairs. Tony hesitated, checking the deck before dodging into the shadows, Steve hot on his heels.
“Thank you Dr. Banner,” Frigga smiled. She winked at Bruce as they shook hands. “You have been most helpful.”
“Hey,” the doctor’s voice softened and he sounded concerned, like he really cared, not the false concern the teachers and the social workers infused their voices with when they were dealing with him. The concern wriggled its way through Johnny’s walls, jabbing and poking at his already fragile defences. “Are you waiting for somebody? Or do you need help?”
Far be it from him to deny Steve what he wanted; Tony pressed a finger into Steve, giving him a moment to adjust before adding a second. Steve whined, his back bowing as he attempted to push himself back onto Tony’s finger’s.
“Don’t make me cry,” Steve warned, feeling his eyes grow warm. “I wanna get through this with some dignity intact.”
“Sit down,” Joseph repeated. “You’re attracting attention. And I don’t think you want that. I doubt you enjoy the attention of the press.”
SPOILERY WARNINGS: discussion of misogynistic behaviour and potential assault. If you're unsure, there's a summary in the notes at the bottom.
The lab was exactly how he left it at four am. DUM-E and U cheeped happily; Tony crossed to pat them both, a silent apology for making his bots worry.
“What… Uh, what happens now?” Fury asked and because Tony was a good person, he didn’t comment on the fact that he sounded choked up.
“Again: what the fuck?” Bucky yelled. “Somebody better start telling me what the hell is going on, or I am gonna kick some ass!”
was on the tip of her tongue because she hated asking for help and the thought of asking Stark in particular burned, mostly because she knew he would hold it over her. But stewing about it wasn’t getting her anywhere and he was, unfortunately, probably the most qualified to help her.
Steve pushed those thoughts away. He refused to let that asshole worm his way into this moment and ruin it, not any more than he already had.
He flounced away from them, flipping them off over his shoulder when he heard Rhodey and Steve’s laughter. As he crossed the room, he caught sight of Angie and Ari - who was wearing a hideous Hanukkah jumper that made Tony do a double take when he first saw it on his usually impeccably dressed assistant - deep in conversation in the corner of the room, no doubt discussing their shared love of theatre again, and narrowly avoided being run over by Zoey and Evie Rose.
“I am so sorry,” Steve whispered. He wished fervently for the power to go back in time, to stop Maria Stark and her team from getting their grubby hands on Tony.
Steve wasn’t sure how he felt. On one hand, it was almost over. But on the other, everything could be on the verge of falling apart. Or they could deliberate for weeks.
“She’s still part of it,” Dr. Stark replied. “It’s just all in her mind. I can guarantee she’s picturing the worst case scenario every day she doesn’t see or hear from you. You always hear that bullshit of
He supposed, if he’d thought about it, he would’ve assumed Tony couldn’t cook. What with the whole billionaire, growing up with staff thing. And he would’ve been so very wrong. Because Tony could not only cook, he could cook
At night, when Steve couldn’t sleep due to his blocked nose, Tony - without a murmur of complaint - rearranged his own pillows so he could sit up, and let Steve sleep against his chest, an arm looped around him.
Steve followed his gaze, a lump forming in his throat when he saw the bare walls and the empty dresser drawers, left behind for whoever Angie decided to sublet the room to. His name was officially off of the lease and most of his stuff had been packed into the truck that Happy drove to the Tower earlier.
“It just seems strange to me,” Hogarth mused, her heels clicking loudly in the anticipation-filled silence as she crossed the courtroom, the audience following her every move. “The blast knocked out five Avengers - all of whom are valuable targets - and yet they were ignored in favour of a high school teacher from Brooklyn.”
Tony reached the bottom of the gully and found the paramedics and an electrical repair crew gathered around a man with -
“And it’s good practise,” Tony added, hoping that Steve would attribute the pounding of his heart to the orgasm.
“I’ll have you know I almost auditioned for my high school drama club,” Bobbi replied, tossing her hair and laughing.
As he approached the foot of the Tower, Steve messaged Tony to let him know he was here. Tony replied instantly with instructions to speak to Pilar at the reception desk. Pilar smiled at him, and called up an elevator which would take him straight to the penthouse. Steve thanked her and stepped inside.
Day three, and he felt even worse. But he dragged himself out of bed, fully intending to fight this thing head on. Angie eyed him, but she didn’t say a thing, which really should’ve been his first clue.
“Well, I was. I mean. That was the plan,” Tony agreed, staring out towards the horizon. “And I was, uh, somewhere around San Francisco when I realised that the last time I was around other mers I was five. I’ve spent most of my life around humans. I know their customs and their habits better than my own species’. I could be human if it wasn’t for…”
Steve fisted his hand in Tony’s hair and crushed their mouths together. Tony let out a growl and pressed his hand into the small of Steve’s back, eliminating any space between them, and nipped and licked his way into Steve’s mouth. He took control of the kiss and Steve let him, a rush of excitement flooding through him because he could trust Tony, he could hand over control and Tony would take care of him and Ellie, and that realisation was as heady as the kiss itself.
“Well, Mr Batroc. It seems we have a problem then,” Alexander said, stripping off his gloves and tossing them into the trash. “If you don’t want to be treated by gay medical staff then I can’t help you. Nor can Dr. Danvers operate. Now, I can put in a call for another doctor but since you are refusing treatment from us and there are other patients waiting, it might take a while.”
“That’s if he gets back on time,” Hope reminded them. “Remember Sharon’s last deployment? It got extended by a month.”
“You gotta be convincing though,” Steve reminded her. “This is a hospital. We see people puking every day. Usually on our shoes. If we’re lucky. So you have to really sell it.”
Across the nurses’ station, an orderly and the nurse he was flirting with jumped in surprise - Hank smiled internally at that - but Dr. Natasha Romanoff didn’t even blink.
He paused, however, when a photograph stuck above the workbench caught his eye. Frowning, Steve moved forward and plucked the photo from the wall to study it. He recognised Howard Stark instantly and he assumed it was Arno in his arms. But then he really looked at the face of the child in his arms, and Steve’s heart stuttered.
“Yes. And this is Mr Stark,” Steve nodded, leading the way towards the dining table, where Tony sat in a shirt and blazer borrowed from Rhodey and a blanket wrapped around his tail. Fuck, there was no way they could get away with this.
“You need me. And I think I might need you too. Which… really sucks because you are the worst. But we’re all the other has. So we’re going to fucking make this work. Alright?”
Ellie looked up at him from his arms, blowing spit bubbles that Steve already knew would end up all over his shirt when she inevitably buried her face into his chest. But he was too busy trying not to freak out about the fact that he’d decided tonight was the night.
Tony leaned in, capturing Steve’s lips in a kiss. He kept it light, bearing in mind the fact they were in public - although Josie’s had seen a lot worse, and not only from Matt and Bucky - but with a promise of
Natasha always told her interns and residents that really the trick to being a doctor was finding a way to make an emotional connection without becoming emotionally attached. Especially in ER. They couldn’t afford to get attached when their job was to either send patients home or send them on to specialists.
“Mr Stark,” he greeted. At least the kid seemed to be able to be around him without shaking, that was an improvement.
“Not yet. He’s got the flu, there’s vomit and a fever, and it’s not pretty. I just, I needed to say it. I love him. Rhodey, I love him.”
(To this day they still couldn’t agree on who infected who, but Tony remained adamant it wasn’t his fault.)
“To be blunt, because I’m not sure I can trust them,” Tony replied. “My CFO has been running the company since my parents died and I’ve started to suspect that he isn’t putting the best interests of the company first. I have health problems that prevent me from running the company myself. Which is why I’ve decided I’d like my good friend, Steve, to take over. I want to put my shares in both our names to give us joint ownership of the company, and make Steve CEO. I trust Steve will do what is best for the company my father built from nothing. And what is best for the employees of that company.” Tony glanced at him, something soft and unreadable in his eyes. “He’s a good man. He can do what I can’t.”
“What if - and feel free to say no, I’m just throwing this out there - what if you moved in?” Tony suggested, putting into words the idea that had been bouncing around his head since he realised how at home Steve looked in his kitchen and had only grown after more than almost a month of going to bed and waking each morning with Steve by his side.
He watched her go, then he sat down at his computer for the last time and printed out the letter he’d written up during the last class. Then he logged out of his account and took down the post-it note he’d stuck on the screen on his first day to remind himself of his password and crumpled it into a ball, tossing it into the trash.
Tony leaned against the back of the booth, letting the easy banter of his friends wash over him and chase away any lingering tension from the mystery of the Maggia and the Dreadnoughts. Bucky was still arguing against the Christmas jumper - “You’re blind, Matty, you don’t have to look at that abomination” - and Matt smiled serenely, while Marci and Foggy were discussing the logistics of visiting both their families on Christmas. Josie appeared with their plates of wings; Tony nodded his thanks and made a mental note to slip her a fifty on the way out. She deserved it for dealing with them all year.
Tony smiled, that same, soft smile he wore when he spoke about Rhodey or Jarvis or Bucky, the paper-thin lines standing out around his eyes.
“Then tell the supervillain community that they’ll also have to deal with me if they ruin this. I’ve been working on these investors for months, Tony. And I will continue to work on them until December. So mark the calendar and be there.”
“Nothing serious,” Edwards assured him. “Just minor concerns. You are in a very public relationship and it draws attention not only to you, but to the school. And they’re concerned about how it will reflect on the school.”
He inhaled sharply when Tony tumbled out of the sky, and didn’t start to breathe again until he reappeared, battered and bruised, before shooting into the sky again.
“Hey,” Steve smiled as Tony wandered into the den. He closed his book, putting it aside, and Tony fell onto the couch next to him, leaning in for a kiss that Steve happily provided. “Did you have fun playing with the other kids and their toys?”
Once he was fully seated, Steve took a moment to adjust. Tony’s hands were everywhere, littering soft kisses across his skin. Steve shivered and let his own hands roam, as they took a moment to rediscover each other.
Abandoning the handle, Steve began pounding on the door, unable to think of anything but getting out of there, and screamed, “Let me out! Let me out, please help!”
The squeal made them all jump; luckily, Tony had quick reflexes which allowed him to catch Evie Rose when she threw herself into his arms.
Steve stared in horror at the pictures lining the wall, each one showing in graphic detail the dissection of a mer. Pressing his hand to his mouth and fighting the urge to throw up, Steve turned towards the other walls, hoping they would contain something less horrifying. There were reports and maps and more pictures, all providing the evidence needed to prove the existence of mers.
“Nefaria was right about something,” Tony said quietly. When Steve looked up in surprise, Tony ran his fingers down the side of his face. “Maybe we are made for each other.”
“Be right back,” Tony promised. He tried to go for a kiss but Steve pushed him away, pulling a face.
Steve winced as he saw Tony fall in LA fighting the Dreadnoughts. The fact he’d seen it before didn’t make it any easier to watch.
He didn’t feel too confident, and the lingering exhaustion threatened to wash over him again, but Steve pushed it away. No, he wasn’t ready to give up again. Not without a fight.
“Speak of the intergalactic princess,” Steve said as Zoey appeared with Hannah in her arms. “Hey squirt.”
“Because there has to be a control centre or whatever for those Dreadnoughts, right? And after meeting the man in person, I can say with complete certainty that Nefaria’s the kind of guy who likes to oversee his operations in person. Which means, he’s not gonna let somebody back on land control the Dreadnoughts while we’re out at sea, right?”
There was a dusty old Nissan, covered in leaves and mulch, which clearly hadn’t moved in a long time. Steve wondered absently if it still worked. Probably not; after ten years, the battery had to be dead.
“Here we go,” Daniel announced, returning with four shot glasses and a bottle of tequila. After handing out the glasses, he fell into the couch opposite, Peggy instantly climbing into his lap, before she turned to Steve with mischief in her eyes.
After wriggling into underwear for modesty’s sake - Tony spared a moment of regret that sleeping naked was no longer an option, but in the scheme of things it was a sacrifice he was willing to make to see Steve with their child - they fell back into bed again, Steve wrapped in Tony’s arms until they fell asleep.
Wrapping the towel around his shoulders, Tony fell into a chair; a few seconds later, Steve stumbled across the jet and into the chair beside him. Tony raised his arm, allowing Steve to burrow into his side. They were wet and cold, and his clothes were sticking to him in the worst ways, but Tony’d never felt happier. Steve was here, in one piece, curling into his chest. Tony nosed Steve’s hair, darker than usual from the water, and pressed a kiss into the slick locks.
He should give up. Close the app, put down his phone and go work on the suit in the workshop, or finish those reactor engine prototypes for Fury.
Hopping on one foot, he pulled on shoes, before dashing through the apartment to the bathroom to put in his contact lenses, praying he wouldn’t poke himself in the eye for once. Then he brushed his teeth again, just in case, double checked his hearing aid, and ran through his leaving-the-apartment checklist: phone, inhaler, Epipen, wallet, keys-
“Okay. Right. Putting a pin in that… very, uh, that image for now,” Tony stammered. “Let’s get the hell out of here before Nefaria and my welcoming party realises I wasn’t in the suit they destroyed.”
It was a risk to even ask hypothetical questions, never mind potentially telling another person about Tony. And there was a very good chance Dr. Banner would need to see Tony in person, which… probably wouldn’t go down well. Steve rubbed the bandage on his leg absently.
Natasha nodded and turned back to the test results. But she couldn’t focus; her brain kept thinking about the Thing again, especially since Hogan showed her the engagement ring he’d bought for Pepper. She growled.
The journey from the cafeteria to the ER was far too short, Clint decided, to figure out how on earth he was supposed to convince Hope to go on a date with Dodgy Darren. Unfortunately, he found her almost immediately. Gritting his teeth, he sidled up to her.
All three of them turned towards the owner of the voice, a whisky-soaked drunk stumbling out of the waiting room where he’d been parked, the bandage around his hand red and bloody.
Tony giggled, his nose scrunching up, and something that adorable probably shouldn’t be a turn on, but apparently it was.
Steve raised his head. “And I’ll keep telling you that for as long as it takes for your brain to listen.”
Steve caught the bottle of lube Tony threw him easily in one hand, grinning when Tony’s head fell back and he moaned loudly in response.
Steve shook his head, unlocking the tablet with a swipe of his watch and opening Tony’s Instagram to record a new video, throwing Tony a thumbs up when they started recording.
“Of course you do. Roll up your jeans so I can clean the gravel rash on your knees.” When Steve opened his mouth to object, Tony cut him off, “Steve, don’t even bother. I saw you limping. Just, for once in your life, please don’t fight me on this.”
Shit. The building probably wasn’t connected to the power, Steve realised, unless someone was paying the bills. Which seemed unlikely.
“Okay, I’ll get one of the nurses to give her a call, get her down here, and then we can get this show on the road. The x-ray department is backed up at the moment, I’m afraid, so you might have to wait. I’ll see about getting you that CT though.”
Hanging up the intercom, Steve took the door off the latch, gathering up the takeout bags, meeting Tony at the door.
Steve forgot about eating as he watched the fight, his fear for Tony only growing the longer it went on. The Avengers would fight back, gain the advantage, and then suddenly the robots would be overpowering them and Steve was barely holding back his tears. He tried to subtly wipe the stray moisture from beneath his eyes.
Tony shook his head and Steve couldn’t have kept himself from lunging forward and hugging Tony even if he’d wanted to. Tony’s arms immediately wrapped around him, the water seeping through Steve’s t-shirt from Tony’s body. Over Tony’s shoulder, Steve could see Obadiah Stane’s body floating in the middle of the pool, so he buried his face into Tony’s neck, breathing in the smell of the water and carding his fingers through Tony’s hair just in case he was thinking of going anywhere.
“I don’t know,” Tony frowned in mock-seriousness. “I’m getting old. I might not have that many left in me.”
“I love you too, dummy. And hey, this isn’t forever,” she added, her voice thick. “We’ll probably all be in the Caledonian in, like, three days so honestly? I don’t know why you’re making such a fuss.”
Tony tossed what looked like a hundred at the driver with a “Keep the change,” and then they were running into the building hand in hand. Steve waved his watch in front of the panel at the elevators before stepping back into Tony’s arms to kiss him hungrily while they waited for the elevator.
“You know Tony graduated top of his class at Harvard, right?” Rogers pointed out. “He joined the Army to put himself through med school because Howard cut him off. And he’s served multiple tours in both Iraq and Afghanistan. And he joined the Rangers. Do you know how many soldiers graduate from Ranger school?”
Instead, he kissed Tony again, like they were drowning, desperate, needy, pulling Tony as close as possible.
,” Nefaria continued regardless. “He only fights for the Americans. Because of him, my grandparents lost everything. So many people everything because of him.”
Steve nodded, still clinging to Tony. He’d come across homeless people living in abandoned buildings before. Most times, he had no problems, but there was that time he and Bucky were almost stabbed, so it was better to be safe than sorry.
The door opened and Steve wandered in. Clint glared at Banner and made a slashing motion to silence him before smiling brightly at Steve. Steve eyed him warily.
They reeled off their drink orders and Tony vanished through the crowd towards the bar. Steve introduced Angie to Bruce and Natasha while they waited for Tony to return.
Fury studied MJ. He reached out with one hand briefly, quickly aborting the movement. But MJ noticed and slipped her hand into his and held on tight. Fury looked at her with something akin to wonder, his throat working.
The bell rang, announcing the end of the period, but the idea didn’t go away. It sat in the back of his mind and festered, growing stronger with every giggle or knowing look from his students. It nagged at him when he asked where Marisol was in fourth period and he realised from the looks of the other students that she was one of the ones whose parents had refused to let her come to school because of him. It was there when he ventured into the staff room for some much needed coffee and he saw the smirks of his co-workers.
“Tony Stark,” Sharon explained and Steve’s heart did a stupid little leap. “He never comes to these things. He never comes to anything.”
“Wait,” Steve interrupted. “Do you mean being the one who’s taken the shot, or being the one the shot was taken off of?”
“Nothing. Do you want me to go over it again?” Tony offered, an obviously fake smile plastered on his face.
“So where you going?” Bucky asked as they made their way downstairs to the main level of the penthouse.
“I don’t know what to do with any of this stuff,” he muttered, picking up a- good Lord, was this a DVR? Clint shoved it into Tony’s hands. “It’s all knots. I wanna watch
“You were a weird dude, Howard Stark,” Steve murmured, turning to investigate the wood panelling instead.
“I’m fine,” Johnny insisted, but when he jerked away, his wrist twinged and the movement pulled on his shirt where it was stuck to one of the grazes on his arm. “Fuck!”
“True,” Tony agreed, dropping a series of tiny kisses on the freckle until Steve was squirming under his hands, his breath growing short. “But it’s part of you, which means I love it, because I love you.”
“Online dating,” Foggy explained. “You make a profile with your picture and some basic information, and then you get matched with people you have stuff in common with. You can chat with people you match with and if you like them, you can meet up and go on a date-“
Instead, he watched Tony shoot out from inside one of the Chitauri whales during the Battle of New York as it exploded from within, crashing into the side of a building before disappearing from view.
“Yes, master. Of course, master,” Tony simpered, his eyes flashing as he bowed low in the water. “Whatever you fucking say, master.”
He opened his eyes, blinking in the darkness. He spotted the outline of Tony sitting up in bed, his head hanging forward.
“That is not removing my pants,” Steve scolded, but his voice was high and breathy, and he squirmed beneath Tony’s mouth.
“You can trust me,” Bruce repeated. “Believe me, I understand the importance of keeping this quiet. Instead of dolphins and whales at SeaWorld, we’d have mers being forced to perform tricks for paying audiences.”
“Had some issues with his father,” Tony continued. “Joseph Rogers, you might want to keep an eye on him. And by might, I mean you should definitely keep an eye on him because I do not trust that bastard. We signed a contract, unofficial restraining order, but I don’t trust him to stick by it.”
“I know,” Steve smiled. “Is there anything which would make you consider leaving the Army?” he asked curiously.
“Hey Cap,” came the reply from one of the smaller offices, leading off of the one Steve and Bucky stood in. A second later the owner of the voice appeared, in a rumpled suit with chin length blond hair. “Cap and friend,” he amended.
“Yeah. It opens at two am and closes at seven, so gotta get there early. Have fun on your date though.”
“This was worth getting up early on the weekend for,” Steve decided, curling further into the armchair in the walk in wardrobe and breathing in the warm air from his mug of tea. Across the room, Tony glanced up at him while tying his tie, smiling at Steve in the mirror. Steve let his eyes sweep over his boyfriend’s body, taking in the way the suit trousers made his legs look longer and lingering on the shirt sleeves stretched over Tony’s biceps.
Steve laughed humourlessly. Tony’s words cut a little too close to home. “Yeah,” he sighed. “I know the feeling.”
“Why don’t you tell me what is really going on with you?” Frigga suggested. “Boy, you are wound tighter than a champagne cork about to pop. That’s not healthy. Want a hit?”
Tony braced himself as the two biggest and ugliest thugs moved towards their chairs. He raised his chin in defiance.
“It’s funny,” Arnie smiled, watching Ellie, who was poking at the buttons on his shirt with a look of concentration that reminded Steve of Tony. “Until a few minutes ago, I would’ve said I didn’t have much worth living for. When you get to my age, Steve, you get tired. Tired of existing instead of living. But now, now you’ve given me something to live for.”
“Sounds great,” Steve nodded. He watched the city shrink through the glass, his ears popping somewhere around the seventieth floor. Then the elevator doors opened with a quiet ding and JARVIS announced, “The penthouse, Mr Rogers.”
“Hey,” Tony grinned, putting aside the welding torch and pushing his goggles up onto his forehead. “What can I do for you two?”
“I’m gonna see what else I can find down there,” he decided, grabbing his torch and his mask from his backpack before heading back downstairs.
Buying noodles meant interacting with other people, even if it was only the cashier behind the counter at the local bodega. She was a nice kid, bright and bubbly, but chatty. Steve didn’t have the energy for dealing with chatty today.
“Who is it?” Angie asked far too innocently when she emerged from the bathroom. But it didn’t register to Steve that she was looking at him with the wide-eyed Bambi expression which always meant she was up to something. He blamed the cold for slowing his reactions.
The buzzer rang at exactly 7.01pm, and Steve’s mouth automatically curved up into a smile. He grabbed the intercom, stabbing the button with his thumb. "Hello?"
Bruce’s incredulity only increased when Steve explained they had to climb the wall to get into the property.
“You’ll be fine. We keep the really explosive things downstairs. Kidding,” he added at Ari’s look of alarm. “You need to relax, kid. Seriously. If you need anything, I’m going to be over there doing mad science. Set this desk up however you want it. You need a laptop or whatever, requisition it and I’ll approve it, okay?”
She winked at him and Bruce stared dumbly as she walked away. Dr. Romanoff was confusing and weird, but also kinda wonderful, he decided.
“We actually have some papers drawn up by a lawyer at Stark Industries, but I’d like you to check them over before we sign anything,” Tony added, sliding the forms Stane had hidden in the ghost drive across the table, only now Stane’s name had been replaced with Steve’s.
“Or you can come upstairs to my lab and I can fit you out,” Tony said. “I’ll give you the friends and family discount.”
“You hungry? We can raid the vending machines while we wait if you want? Or there’s a food truck in the parking lot. Luis does the best tamales in the city.”
Natasha shrugged. “Then you better figure something out. He’s a complete dick. At least Thor is good fun.” She patted him on the shoulder. “You’ve got this, Bruce.”
Once Steve was gone, she closed her eyes. The Thing was she wanted to marry Sharon. She was positive that Sharon was the person that she wanted to spend the rest of her life with. But six months was too soon to propose, especially when her girlfriend was pregnant and dealing with a shittonne of hormones. It wasn’t fair; hell, it was downright stupid, but that didn’t stop her from scrolling through a page of engagement rings on her phone during her break the day before, reaching the bottom of the page before she realised what she was doing.
By that time, Steve had fitted out the apartment with just enough furniture for himself and spent the rest of the time spoiling Ellie rotten. He was the first to admit that he intended on spoiling his daughter with everything he’d always dreamed about having for any future pup but known that he would never be able to afford.
“Okay, here’s what we’re going to do, Clint. We’re going to take all of this stuff outside. We’re going to set it on the curb. We’re getting in a cab and we’re going to go buy you all new stuff. I’ll even pay for it. Call it an early Christmas present.”
“Howard was obsessed with the idea of mermaids - which, you know, isn’t surprising, considering the most common depiction of them is beautiful women with big breasts and almost no clothes. That was very much his type - and when Arno died, he… broke. So Maria decided to make it all better,” Tony said sardonically. “She proved the existence of merpeople, and then she brought one home.”
Steve glanced up to find Tony staring at the drawing with a funny expression on his face, and he wondered if he hated it. It had been a long time since he’d picked up a pencil with the intention of drawing, so it wasn’t exactly up to his old standards, but Steve didn’t hate it so far.
Tony took his hand and they walked into the centre of the floor, avoiding the other couples already moving in time - or slightly out of time - to the waltz.
Steve noticed some of the other passengers on the subway staring at him, but he figured that was more to do with him wearing his sunglasses underground than anything else. He kept his headphones on, playing soothing music with the volume down low to take advantage of the noise cancelling more than anything else. He downed the last of his coffee as he reached the school, dragging himself up the front steps and trying to look like his head wasn’t pounding. Reluctantly pulling off his sunglasses, he headed straight up to his classroom, hoping to take advantage of a few minutes peace before the day started.
“She asleep?” he asked quietly and for a second Steve allowed himself to imagine that this was real, that Tony was waiting for him because he lived here and that Steve could sit down next to him, pressing their sides together and tipping his head onto Tony’s shoulder and scenting him.
Steve felt Tony go still behind him, the tension in his body that meant he was thinking about something uncomfortable. Steve nudged him gently.
Steve clenched his fists, grinding his teeth together at the threat against his friend. He felt sick, wondering what Stane would do if he realised how many people were involved; not just Sharon but Rhodey and Bruce too. None of them deserved this. They didn’t choose to be part of this, they were simply dragged into this mess by Steve and his stubborn determination to rush head first into any situation that looked vaguely dangerous with little regard for himself or those around him.
collection. My mom used to have the same set, but she had to sell it. My niece told Tony about the books, and he bought them for me. And I feel really weird about it, and then we fought and…” He shook his head. “It’s so stupid.”
Tony ducked his head, his lips twisting and pursing as he fought to stop smiling. He glanced up at Steve.
He sprinted towards the door, was almost there when Stane’s hand clamped around his wrist like a vice with a strength that almost yanked him off of his feet. Maybe if Steve had ever taken Bucky up on his offer of lessons on how to fight, he could’ve held his own. But he’d always preferred to rely on his wits and the knowledge that Bucky would be there to back him up. And Stane, it seemed, knew what he was doing; he kept moving, dragging Steve along as he turned this way then that, disorientating Steve and making it impossible for him to get free.
“You look miserable,” a familiar voice called as he descended the stairs. “Don’t you know it’s the end of term? No more students until September. And even better: no parents.”
Before he realised what he was doing, Steve had ripped the picture to shreds, crushing the pieces in his fists, his nails digging painfully into his palms, but what did that compare to everything Tony’d gone through?
His eyes burned and he scrubbed the moisture from them, drawing a ragged breath in through his teeth.
When Steve kissed Arnie, it was good because Arnie knew what he was doing and because it eased the symptoms of his heat, lowering them to a dull ache instead over the overwhelming pain.
“Sure,” Steve nodded and, even though it was the last thing he wanted to do, he left his desk to assist her.
. Steve’s heart broke a little. Because Tony put on a good show, but his smile was just a little too wide, his eyes a little pinched at the corners, and an air of desperation ruined the illusion.
“I’ll have those antibiotics for you tomorrow,” Bruce continued. “And… here’s my card. Feel free to give me a call.”
Steve took Tony’s hand as they made their way inside, and then began the search for Peggy and-or Daniel. They found Daniel in the kitchen pouring himself a drink.
