“I…maybe one of the lore books has something that can help?” He suggested feebly. Cas just shrugged sullenly, looking at his own lap.
Dean sheepishly approached the reception counter for the fourth time in fifteen minutes to grab a few more tissues. The woman behind the desk smiled sympathetically at him.
He peered around the trunk; the rustling had stopped altogether, but Castiel was sure the danger had not passed. A thief would have just taken his unprotected bags and gone; this was something else.
Tan skin stretched over strong calves and thick thighs; Castiel was a runner, Dean was sure of it. Sharp hip bones came into view and the camera lingered at Castiel’s crotch, drawing wolf whistles from the crowd. He had no tan lines and a cock that Dean was certain could put several alphas in this room to shame. Eventually, the camera continued its journey upward over a toned stomach, sculpted pectorals, and broad shoulders. Despite his bound hands, the flex of his biceps was clearly visible. The camera stayed put at Castiel’s fabric-covered head.
“In light of these changes, the starting bid for Castiel has been reduced from the standard three thousand to a very generous thirteen hundred. Do I have an opening bid?”
The sound of his own heartbeat grew thunderous as the silence stretched around them. Then, abruptly, the sword was withdrawn.
“Cas, are you okay? Sam said he thought—I mean, you’d tell us if you were badly hurt, right? I know your grace is a little off-balance right now, but…” He trailed off, making a vague half-hearted gesture with his hand.
Despite the unforeseen benefits of pet ownership, however, Dean felt like he was going to lose his marbles if there wasn't a proper improvement in his allergies very, very soon. Being doped up on antihistamines most of the time was not the most productive state to be in, and he was extremely ready to have the fog lifted from the edges of his mind.
"Hey, Dr. Novak." he replied, feeling his reflexive customer service smile relax into something more genuine, "The usual?"
He ducked forward then, capturing Castiel’s lips in a sweet, luxurious kiss before sitting up again, roguish grin in place once more.
Dean squinted at him for a moment. Slowly, his lips twitched upward in the beginnings of his charming smile.
Dean had been delighted to find that in addition to being strong, Castiel was incredibly flexible. He had very little trouble dancing across the laser grids Dean set up for him and no trouble at all twisting at awkward angles to reach things. Basic lifts and misdirection came easily too.
“You kept up with me well,” the man remarked from behind him, “but overall, your swordsmanship is lacking.” The words were spoken conversationally, consideringly, as though they were old friends instead vanquisher and vanquished. “Identify yourself,” he urged next, tone more stern.
“After, uh—when I thought I’d left you in Purgatory…I was a wreck, I….I missed you…” The last words were barely a mumble, and Dean felt like his cheeks were on fire.
The cheerful weightlessness that had swept over him on the heels of Rowena’s visit carried him through the rest of the evening. Hannah too seemed more at ease than she had been in days. Queen Naomi commented on their improved spirits over dinner, but Castiel demurred; truthfully, Castiel could not guess either way about his mother’s reaction. She was fair and reasonable in her judgements and he hoped their happiness and Rowena’s blessing would be enough to assuage any concerns she might have, but his mother was not one to be overcome by her emotions and he was unsure how tightly she held onto the notion of traditions. But that headache, should it come, could wait until the next morning.
It was a very good thing that breathing was not a necessity for Castiel, because he only realized he had not taken a breath for several minutes when Dean moaned low and wanton, pushing his hips back against fake-Castiel’s ministrations.
"Dean, can you take over at the counter for a little while? I haven't had lunch yet." Gabriel stood in the doorway, already halfway through removing his apron.
Castiel took stock of himself for the first time and was surprised to find that his cock ached between his legs, fully erect and rubbing into soft covers that offered no real friction. He longed to cant his hips backward against Dean’s fingers but wasn’t sure if the motion would earn him relief or another slap.
Three days ago, Castiel had considered that he might need to forcefully redirect his attraction away from Dean and onto Hannah. Certainly, the kind of desire he’d felt for Hannah’s guard
Still, Castiel had to admit that modern media’s attempts to visually represent the inner workings of the subconscious were creative and amusing, if inaccurate.
The remaining few hours slid by in too much of a rush for him to pay any real kind of attention, and before he knew it, he and Hannah were standing in the archway of the presentation balcony. Hannah looked radiant in the vivid purple gown the Queen had commissioned for her.
“Much better than the shifter,” he said, and a smile broke out across Dean’s face Castiel jerked his head back in the direction of his room. “Would you like to stay with me, Dean?”
Castiel had been looking down at the book in his own hands as he came into the room, but his demeanor shifted the instant he noticed Sam was not alone. He didn’t finish his sentence, opting instead to stare coldly at Dean, who was staring just as coldly back.
loved, the way our favorite stories talk about—I feel sick with myself for not being capable of giving you that—” The words spilled from her as quickly and uncontrollably as the tears pouring down her face until she had dissolved into wracking sobs, unable to utter a single word more.
The trip from the infirmary was short. Once Dean was lying flat in the middle of the bed, Sam turned to follow Jack back into the hallway, but paused, fidgeting indecisively.
Any interpretations of the play are based on my understandings of it, and I admit critical analysis is not really my forte. Apologies in advance to anyone who is better acquainted with it if I've gotten something horribly off-base.
Warnings from Dean forgotten, Castiel had wordlessly followed Sam back into one of the corridors. Sam had aimed his flashlight forward until it landed on a pile of skin and bloody residue from the shifter’s previous disguise. He had stepped forward to take a closer look and had heard the rattle of chains before one of his wrists was cuffed and his angel magic rendered useless, and then Sam had struck him and the world had gone black.
“Look, you’re—“ Another pause, until finally, “Goddammit Cas, you’re important to me, to all of us, Sam, Claire…”
Dean, for his part, seemed thoroughly unwilling to waste energy caring about Hannah or Castiel’s status, or his own relative to either of them. Able as he was to adhere to an appropriate degree of decorum in public, he never shied away from countering Castiel’s opinions with his own, dissenting or otherwise. Honorifics were used only when he meant to tease.
“I present to you, Prince Castiel of the western throne—” There were raucous cheers from down below, and Castiel was warmed to see so many of his kingdom present and in high spirits. “—and his soulmate, Princess Hannah of the eastern throne.”
“I put your hands in the right place,” Dean assured him, “all you need to do is squeeze.” He swiveled his hips upwards, pressing against Castiel’s insides. “Can you do that for me, Cas?”
“That’s it,” Dean encouraged breathily, settling back against the mattress and using his hands to help guide Castiel’s hips. Castiel’s eyes were closed, but he could feel Dean’s boring into him, studying him.
That said, he also liked the current atmosphere very much. There was something meditative about the kitchen so early in the morning, when the only sounds were his own footsteps as he went from the prep table to the fridge and back again and the
In his imagination, Dean would not only be aware of his presence, but pleased by it. He would beckon Castiel forward into the water, a cheeky, knowing smile on his lips as he took Castiel by the wrists and directed him to flatten his palms against Dean’s chest. Castiel would marvel at the softness of Dean’s skin under his fingertips, dragging his hands across all he could reach.
of the leather sounding audibly as it was tugged free. Chainmail clinked gently as it joined Dean’s boots, and finally he removed his tunic, baring his chest to the warm sun.
The urge to rub at his nose for the four hundredth time was strong, but Dean knew it would help nothing, red and raw as he already was. His doctor had assured him that despite a rough start, things would get better gradually now that he was past the first few rounds of immunotherapy.
Try as he might to keep his mind otherwise occupied, Dean remained at the forefront of his thoughts. It was comforting, in some small measure, to have heard that he and Hannah were not alone in lacking romantic feelings for each other in spite of the expectation that they would soon marry. Castiel wished he could travel to the past, visit that time in Dean’s life and ask him if his friends and family had understood when the relationship did not evolve as expected.
He was startled into silence by the hysterical crack in his voice. His eyes felt prickly like he was about to cry, and goddammit he hadn’t meant to be such a drama queen about this.
“Do you suppose the creators made a mistake?” he asked jovially, reaching into his breast pocket to fish out an embroidered handkerchief, which he offered to Hannah. He was likely meant to feel much more sullen at that thought.
It was Dean’s grin at him in the mornings, given from his usual post near the door while Castiel and Hannah ate breakfast, that made his stomach swoop. It was the sight of Dean heading for the guard’s quarters, shirtless and out of breath after a good sparring match, that set a flush high on Castiel’s cheeks. It was the tinkling laughter of whichever maiden Dean has turned his flirtatious attention towards that sent a pang of jealousy through him, leaving him bitter and quiet for the rest of the day.
"Cassie!" Gabriel called from behind him, barreling forward to gather the man in a bear hug. Dean's eyebrows rose in shock, but instead of startled the man looked equal parts exasperated and resigned to his fate.
“We’re the guests of honor,” Castiel pointed out, offering her his arm, “The faster we arrive, the faster it shall begin.”
A hand cupped the back of his neck and Castiel blinked until he could see Dean sitting beside him, eyes sharp and hungry in the dim light from the window.
The words felt stuck in his throat even now, but he forced them out at last. “I don’t love you either, Hannah. Not the way I’m meant to.”
“The stories might be wrong,” he rushed, urging Hannah out of her room with a gentle tug on her wrist. Although clearly a little alarmed and confused by his outburst, she followed him easily.
Gabriel was interrupted by a painful-sounding cough. "Sorry; no, nothing special, just what's there."
words to properly encompass his opinions on Dean’s appearance. Try as he might, anything he came up with seemed to fall just short, and so at some point, he had stopped trying to use words at all, even to himself. It was much more pleasant to simply sit and let his gaze wander slowly, greedily, over Dean’s striking visage until he’d had his fill (or, more commonly, until the opportunity was disrupted).
?” Dean quirked a brow at the unusual word choice. “Huh.” He returned his eyes to his book but was no longer really reading. “Tell you what, I’ll talk to Cas later, make sure he’s on the up and up.”
The forgery sat safely on the stand; the real thing was cool and heavy in his fist. No alarms went off. Castiel exhaled.
“I have seen many stories in my time, Castiel,” Rowena said, giving him a piercing look. “Yours are not the first to presume the intentions of our creators and they will certainly not be the last. Even the most complex tales cannot capture the nuance and malleability of the real world. You and Hannah do not need to marry simply because your stories suggest it; we will proceed with the Unity Ceremony alone.”
Hannah approached Dean slowly, placing a hand gently on his arm once she was in reach. Dean turned to face her, wearing an expression of forced stoicism. For a moment, they simply regarded one another, and then Dean bowed low.
But maybe not. Gabriel was a pretty happy-go-lucky, go-with-the-flow sort of guy, but Dean knew he had a particular soft spot for animals (that soft spot was, after all, the cause of his current predicament), and he didn't think Gabriel would forgive him if he returned from sick leave to find out that Dean had let his pet stray die.
Castiel slowly lifted a wing and stretched it out as much as he could within the confines of the room. The last time Dean had seen his wings, it had been dark and from somewhat of a distance. Up close, he could see the rough patches that had fewer feathers and open gashes that leaked blood into the surrounding area. Whenever Cas shifted a few more feathers dropped, and Dean could see that the feathers around the outer edges of his wings were tattered and frayed, some bent at uncomfortable looking angles and others just barely hanging on.
Castiel remained silent, considering. The name Winchester was very distantly familiar to him, as though he’d overheard it in a dream. He was quite certain, however, that the stories of his and the Princess’ destined meeting made no mention of a guard, Winchester or otherwise.
On the next brush of his hands, Dean’s fingers trailed feather-light over the edge of Castiel’s spine, leaving a tickling, itchy feeling behind. Castiel tried to will it away, but it was a lost cause; the feeling had taken root. When Dean’s fingers passed over the same spot, he flinched reflexively.
The smile slipped slowly from Hannah’s face, replaced by trepidation and perhaps a little guilt. “Dean…” She glanced at Castiel, but he had no answer for the question behind her eyes. “It may be unfair of me to ask any more of you, but I must; will you accompany me to the western kingdom?”
"Mr. Winchester?" called a deep voice a few minutes later, and Dean looked up to find a man about his height, with bright blue eyes and kind—if maybe slightly stiff—features.
I'm so lucky to have gotten a chance to work with the lovely Aggiedoll for this year's reverse bang! The art masterpost for this story is
“Well, what did you see?” Dean couldn’t quite keep the note of worry out of his voice. He knew Cas’ grace was little messed up, but if he was seriously injured, why would he say nothing and suffer in silence?
No new tears were falling; the only remaining evidence was the tacky, drying tracks on Dean’s temples and the clinging wetness that clumped his eyelashes together. Guilty though he might feel for delaying Dean’s recovery by even a second, Castiel was loath to miss an opportunity to admire his familiar features so closely, particularly when they were softened out of their usual worried scowl.
Michael stepped closer, laughing mockingly. “I don’t really get it, Dean,” he chortled, stepping into Dean’s personal space, “Is it the naughtiness of it that gets you off?” Michael stuck a finger into the waistband of the panties and tugged so that it snapped cruelly back against Dean’s skin. Dean held his glare even as the red on his cheeks deepened. “Or the lace, maybe? Do you get hard for silk but not for cotton?”
“So I figure,” the shifter continued, facing Castiel enough that he could see a sarcastically easy smile spreading over his face, “any bargaining chip is a good one, right? Desperate times and all that.” He faced Castiel fully again and spread his arms in a gesture that echoed his why-the-hell-not attitude. Castiel noticed that the skin on Sam’s face was starting to peel, and his eyes looked sunken and dull. The shifter would have to shed soon.
He felt Hannah tremble against him. Determination renewed, he parted his lips ever so slightly to slide the tip of his tongue against her sealed mouth. Hannah placed one of her hands against the middle of his chest and he took it as encouragement, sliding his own hand down from her shoulder towards the swell of her breast.
him. Castiel had not been picturing himself wrapping her in his arms, but he was determined to fix that.
Just when Castiel was sure he was going to burst, Dean released him and raised himself slightly again. For a moment he was still, hands braced on Castiel’s chest and eyes roving over Castiel’s prone form.
It was supposed to have been a temporary thing when Gabriel had come to him with the newly-named Simba and a box of cat-care items, hastily explaining that his landlord had found him out. "Just for a little while," he'd insisted, "until I figure out a more permanent solution."
True to form, Dean snarled and pulled out until just the crown of his dick was sheathed inside Castiel and then dropped back down, his balls smacking heavily against Castiel’s skin. Castiel felt the furrow in his brow ease at the rough slide of Dean’s cock, and Dean must have noticed his reaction because he leaned forward to speak into his ear.
The sentence came to a jerky halt as Dean surveyed the room, and promptly lost track of his words. Sooty feathers littered almost every available surface, and several were either severely bent or broken entirely. Castiel stood near the still open door, devoid of his shirt and tie. His wings were wispy shadows that flicked tiredly behind him, although Dean thought he could see several places coming in and out of focus.
Queen Naomi reached for the vase and Hannah relinquished it to her before turning back to Castiel and offering a conspiratorial wink.
No more. The wedding was fast approaching and Castiel grew more anxious with every mention of it. He would do this now.
As though summoned by the very idea of catering, Gabriel leaned out through the office door to catch his attention.
"Sure," he agreed again, resigned. The cafe was only open for lunch on Thursdays; they used the afternoon to prep for weekend catering jobs, if there were any.
” Castiel put a firm hand on his shoulder, looking him directly in the eye and willing him to listen. “I understand; in fact, I commend you for it. But there is something you ought to know: I care for Hannah very much. Her happiness and well-being are important to me, and I like to believe she regards me similarly. That said, last night we came to an understanding about our mutual
“Yes,” Castiel replied, starting down the steps to meet them. His wings trailed behind him, casting brief shadows over the stairs and wall.
First, there had been that time in the Impala; Dean and Sam had been on their way to Wyoming after some pleading from another hunter who sounded like he was way in over his head. Dean had insisted that Cas stay behind because “You need to get your mojo back, man,” and Castiel had reluctantly agreed to stay after Sam suggested that he do more research on anything that might help them put the Darkness away.
“Yeah…yeah maybe you’re right. It’s just—Dean, I could have sworn his wings looked roughed up. I didn’t notice anything before, but they seemed kinda…bedraggled.”
A choked gasp left one of them once Dean was fully seated inside him, and Castiel circled his hips against the sizeable intrusion, appreciating the stretch and press of Dean’s thick cock. Dean pulled his hips back and pushed in again, slow and methodical. Castiel grit his teeth against the covers, irritated.
“I apologize,” Castiel replied gruffly, rolling his shoulder and looking quite irritated. “I didn’t realize using my grace to teleport would be so draining.” Behind him, his wings twitched and jumped before stretching carefully outwards, and Cas winced as the joints popped. “It would seem that the tangibility of my wings changes as my grace waxes and wanes.”
“We missed something, Cas,” he insisted for the third time, pawing through a heavy tome far too quickly to be obtaining any actual insight, “This isn’t right. The Djinn is
There was no point trying to placate him; Dean had been inside other people’s Djinn hallucinations and therefore knew quite well that Castiel had seen everything Dean had. Before Castiel could think of anything useful to say, Dean rose and in three stiff, punctuated strides was tugging open his door harshly and disappearing around the corner.
He had hoped—foolishly, perhaps—that the quick walk through the trees would cool his heated blood before he got back to Continental. Alas, the growing distance between himself and Dean only served as an excuse for his imagination to take what he’d seen and add to it without Castiel’s permission. When yet another vision of himself following trails of water down between Dean’s legs with his own fingers bloomed in his mind’s eye, he was forced to admit defeat. Swearing quietly, he ducked behind a nearby tree and leaned against it, sparing only a quick glance around himself for spectators before undoing the ties of his breeches and pushing them out of the way just enough to free himself from their confines.
Perhaps he should have felt afraid, and perhaps some rational part of him was. But another—decidedly unwise—part of him felt something dark stir in his own blood, something hot and vicious that made his stomach swoop and had him aching for Dean to shove inside him already.
Gabriel hummed agreeably, drumming his fingers against the metal table until the cat wandered over to him to investigate, swatting at him playfully.
“Relax,” Dean told him, ignoring the scowl Castiel threw over his shoulder. “You got it unlocked that time; five seconds faster and you would’ve beaten the timer.”
Twin low chuckles reached him distantly, one fond and the second dark and suggestive—Benny and Dean respectively—but Castiel was far too wired to keep up the pretense of propriety.
Indeed, it was mostly thanks to Simba that Dean was able to definitely close the books each evening and declare himself off-the-clock; they had a daily routine.
I have just noticed in my final round of edits that the official beginning of the theatre group is on September 18th. What up accidental easter egg!
Food, drink, and dance carried everyone long into the night. Despite his exhaustion earlier in the day, Castiel found his second wind. He laughed until he was hoarse, danced with Hannah and the other courtiers until he couldn’t feel his legs, and reminded himself several times to thank the kitchen staff profusely for the bountiful feast they had arranged.
His phone number found its way onto Castiel's coffee cup, alongside a hastily scribbled message to get in touch if he felt like hanging out sometime.
Castiel began to peel out of his clothes, suddenly weary even though angels did not sleep. He donned a t-shirt and his new sweatpants, an article of clothing that Dean
He let himself imagine that the salt on his tongue came not from his own skin but rather from placing open-mouthed kisses over the edge of Dean’s sharp jaw and down one side of his neck, or from mouthing at the dip in his collarbone. Perhaps Dean would let him suck and bite at the skin over his pulse until purple and red bloomed as proof of his ministrations.
But despite the kingdom’s prosperity, despite the good health of their people and the bountiful resources they had been blessed with, the King and Queen were plagued by a solitary black stain of despair: they were unable to conceive. In public, the Queen put on a brave face and tended to her people’s woes as needed, but in the privacy of their home the King would find her, tucked in on herself and rocking as she wept in agony.
Though still present, his doubts and worries eased the nearer he drew, temporarily brushed away by certainty and serenity. Inexplicably, as Castiel covered Princess Hannah’s soft, red lips gently, chastely with his own, he knew in his very bones that everything would fall into place, one way or another.
Belatedly, it occurred to Castiel that this was the first time he’d been invited to Dean’s bedroom. Dean beckoned him inside when he knocked and Castiel inhaled as he stepped through the door. The scent blockers prevented him from being enveloped in Dean’s scent the way he might have been otherwise, but it was still strongest in here. Traces of leather and whiskey drifted tauntingly past him, enough to intrigue but too faint to catch more of.
Castiel smiled reassuringly at his mother. Queen Naomi stood poised and elegant, every bit the picture of reticent, graceful leadership, but Castiel was not so easily fooled. Behind closed doors the night before, Naomi had fretted and fussed over him as any loving mother would.
When the other man danced into his line of sight—infuriatingly light-footed for all that he matched Castiel in stature—Castiel lunged forward with a roar, worried for himself and for Princess Hannah and desperate to land a blow. His opponent bounced to the side with a reproachful tut; before Castiel could collect himself and face him once more, a solid heel struck at the backs of his legs, sending his knees to the unforgiving stone floor. Without so much as a second for Castiel to blink away the pain, the swordsman flicked his blade against the side of Castiel’s throat, warning him not to rise.
Alas, the glass vial hanging around his neck spoke of a different path. Castiel brought a hand to it for a moment, feeling its warmth under his palm. At his touch, it shivered minutely, the contents inside active in a way that seemed almost sentient.
Across from him, Castiel Novak breathed harshly and looked exactly the way Dean felt: absolutely disbelieving, something between furious and confused, and thoroughly embarrassed. The pool directly next to them threw blue light across Castiel’s face and his wide eyes stared at Dean from beneath a creased brow. His stance was aggressive; feet apart, shoulders squared, fists clenching and unclenching and re-clenching. Their combined heavy breathing and the water lapping innocently against the sides of the pool were the only things breaking the silence. They were
Sam’s laughter (or rather, a crueler, colder version of it) echoed for a moment, followed closely by Jack’s curious voice asking
“No, that’s…actually, I wanted to see if you maybe wanted to…to try it with—with me. Can’t, uh, can’t have you thinking what you experienced was a good reflection of what it’s like to kiss me, ya know?” Dean laughed nervously at his own joke, lowering his eyes to the floor again as his face flushed. Castiel didn’t answer right away, and Dean must have taken that as rejection, because he moved to turn back down the hallway, saying “I—I was just kidding, don’t worry about—“
Dean displaced his hands from his forehead and sat up quickly, breathing heavily. Castiel didn’t move a muscle, wary of startling him further. Slowly, Dean’s breathing evened out and he inhaled deeply, his jaw locked tightly in the way Castiel knew meant that Dean was quickly closing himself off to any discussion.
“Good,” Dean declared at last, after fifteen torturous strokes. Castiel exhaled slowly, relieved, as two of Dean’s fingers came up to press gently at the top of his spine. The fingers trailed soothingly over every vertebra and did not pause at his tailbone, continuing their path down the middle of his ass to rest teasingly against his hole.
Gabriel shushed him, watching as said cat came slinking into view from between the dumpsters, sniffing curiously at the saucers. After a few precautionary glances up at the two of them, it settled comfortably to enjoy the treats. It looked a little scruffy, but not nearly as thin as Dean would have expected of a stray.
Nevermind that Castiel had been attracted to Dean since well before their confessions to one another.
know, and Dean felt sick to his stomach because he couldn’t remember the last time he had contacted Cas for something besides information or backup.
; even without his magical powers and extensive knowledge about the happenings of several millennia, Cas’ teleportation was more than enough of a giveaway that he was beyond human.
When Dean broke eye contact it was to find the other two men watching him—Dr. Novak softly, the way he had looked at the cat earlier, and Gabriel rather smugly.
. ‘I was with my dead husband’, or ‘My mother and I finally got along’, or whatever. Ian barely even spoke to us once he was awake.”
You have no idea how much time I spent fighting the archive about getting those text messages indented properly, please applaud.
And then, on their very first job together, Aaron had disappeared into the arms of another alpha with several million dollar’s worth of Dean’s bounty. The olive branch lay splintered and forgotten on the floor.
the corks came free, and Hannah and Castiel joined hands again as grace from each vial sought its companion. Wisps of grace trailed from the open vials like liquid smoke, gathering around their joined hands and shimmering in the setting sun.
The nurse smiled understandingly. "We know; it's still good that you brought him in," he said, " The more animals vaccinated against things like rabies, the better, you know?"
Dean shifted his phone and unblinking, yellowish eyes flashed blue-green in the bright light, watching him warily.
He twisted his wrist just slightly at the top of each pull on his length, pausing every few strokes to slide his thumb through the gathered wetness at his tip, smoothing it over the sensitive head.
Rowena considered his proposal for a moment before reaching out to tap a nail gently on the vial of grace hanging around Castiel’s neck.
This wasn't right. Despite relying on him for food and drink for more than a month, the cat still approached Gabriel with some amount of trepidation, and when Dean emptied the recycling into the dumpster the noise usually sent the cat scurrying away even if it had previously been happily accepting pats.
When at long last they arrived at Castiel’s quarters, they separated just long enough to divest themselves of their clothing without an ounce of finesse before tumbling gracelessly onto the large bed, incapable or unwilling to allow too much distance between them.
Eyes as crystal clear as the oasis back home blinked up at him slowly. A small hand cupped his cheek, as though to ascertain that he was not a figment of the imagination. Castiel leaned against her, surprised that the affectionate gesture made him feel calm and safe, where, in any other situation, he would likely feel awkward and uncomfortable.
"Off eighteen, huh?" The just-slightly-too-innocent lilt to his voice made Dean think Gabriel knew something he didn't. That rarely boded well, but before he could dwell on it Gabriel went on. "I've never brought a stray to the vet," he said, "but if I had to pick a preferred one, it'd be the one off eighteen."
The hallucination solidified around him quite suddenly and it took two awkward, lurching steps to regain his balance. It was immediately clear that whatever this Djinn had been up to, it didn’t involve keeping its victims happy. There was almost no furniture and the colors here were muted and gloomy. In lieu of a room with four discernable walls, the hallucination simply frayed and blurred at the edges before disintegrating into the shapeless void beyond.
“Of course I will,” he said, his small smile growing at Hannah’s sound of delight, “I’d be honored.” She hugged him again, wrapping her arms around his middle and squeezing tight. Castiel smiled with them, glad for Hannah’s happiness.
All looked to the mother eagerly, for this was her right and her right alone. Naomi smiled gently at the child.
He snorted. “And what does it cost the user? I’ve never known the universe to be so generous as to give away such a valuable thing.”
Dean followed the curve of the shadow and saw that it stretched away from Cas’ back, and curled instead around Dean’s frame. Despite the transparency, the wing sat with a very real, comforting weight around him, and he was certainly grateful for the warmth. Still, he couldn’t keep a flush from his own cheeks as he realized that Cas was doing the angel equivalent of sneaking an arm around the back of his date’s chair. Judging by his pink cheeks, the meaning wasn’t entirely lost on Castiel either.
“I went with option B.” The shifter winked cheekily at him, coming close and stopping directly in front of Castiel while the angel determinedly avoided the green eyes trying to capture his attention. A hand reached out and took hold of his tie, and Castiel wished he could pull away.
Castiel shifted his weight, uncertain whether he was being laughed at or with. Although, he supposed, laughter was preferable to ire. Belatedly, he tugged the neckline of his tunic out to stow his vial away once more. The swordsman’s gaze flicked briefly downwards to track the movement and then rose back to Castiel’s, cheerful and resolute.
Castiel was unsure how to respond. Dean spoke matter-of-factly, as though he were mentioning his plans for the day; either he was extremely adept at hiding his lingering pain from the experience, or there was none.
Gabriel huffed, stepping past him towards the dumpsters. "We have a visitor; I'm being a gracious host." With careful, purposeful movements, he set two saucers, one with cream and another with what must have been tuna, down on the pavement and sat back, placing the remaining items—three dishtowels and a bottle of water—next to him.
He could just put out an extra dish towel for the cat to curl up on and call it a night. Maybe the cat would feel better in the morning, and Dean would return to find empty saucers waiting to be taken in and washed.
Dean chuckled darkly behind him and applied pressure until the tips of his two fingers slipped inside. Castiel’s hips twitched reflexively.
The darkness returned thick and menacing, spreading over the prophecy of Castiel’s life like ink spilled over fresh parchment.
“Nothing, I just…” Dean pinched the bridge of his nose and took a deep, slow breath. His frown slowly dissolved into a more neutral, if a little weary, expression. “Hannah seemed melancholy this morning. I had hoped to make a sweet we enjoyed together as children.”
Hannah sat in front of the fire, curled comfortably on a plush chaise longue, her usual daywear replaced by a simple, lightweight sleeping frock. It was the least dressed Castiel had ever seen her and for a moment he worried that she might think his presence improper, but Hannah’s relaxed posture and lack of attempt to further conceal herself suggested otherwise.
"He may sneeze or have the sniffles for another day or two. If it doesn't clear up by the third day, bring him back in and I'll take a look."
When he was done with the red apple he dragged the bowl closer, adding generous amounts of cinnamon, nutmeg, and brown sugar before reaching in and turning the contents over themselves until the spices were evenly distributed.
Anna was in a place Castiel had never seen before, which meant it was very likely Prophet’s Hollow. She was reading with a young woman Castiel did not know, probably an apprentice.
It seemed too good to be true, if Castiel was honest. Why hadn’t Anna sent him here in the first place, if this could help him find Dean? The most likely answer of course was that this lake, however unusual,
If Castiel lit the fire beneath his pot of water quickly enough, perhaps he could convince himself that the heat in his face was a byproduct of his work instead of embarrassment at his own ignorance. “I had not considered how she was cared for,” he mumbled eventually.
In some versions, the sleeping princess was guarded by a fearsome dragon; in others, the princess had been cursed to sleep for one hundred years by an evil witch. There was even a version wherein the princess’s soulmate had to prove themselves by freeing a sword from a stone. Luckily—or perhaps
Castiel scowled; the words had sounded around the room in his own voice, but the sentiment couldn’t have been farther from accurate.
The kitchens were, thankfully, quiet. Castiel made his way over to the pantry, mentally running down the list of things he needed. Enough time had gone by since his last need for Misery Tea that he couldn’t be sure whether there were any dried chrysanthemum leaves left, but if not he’d make do with—
Dean gasped and growled, pounding fast and hard into Castiel until his knot finally caught. Castiel hissed as Dean pulsed and throbbed inside him, spilling warm and sticky. Dean kept his hips rocking upwards through his orgasm and then Castiel was coming with a shout, painting pearly white streaks across Dean’s heaving chest.
The metal was cold but the shame that accompanied it burned over Castiel like fire. Humiliation and regret made him grind his teeth so hard his jaw began to ache. Some rescuer he was; unable to protect the Princess from even a single blackguard and therefore perfectly deserving of what was surely his imminent demise.
With a roll of his eyes, the man nudged Gabriel aside to extend a hand to Dean. "I'm Doctor Novak," he said, shaking Dean's hand firmly, "Your cat is doing just fine; I'll briefly review what we did for him here and give you some care instructions before you leave."
A slight tilt of his hips tore a shout from Dean and from then on Castiel did his best to keep that angle. Another thrust, another, another, and then Castiel was knocking Dean’s hand away from where he had begun stroking himself so that he could wrap his own hand around Dean’s length instead. Dean watched him hungrily, leaned down to kiss him filthily, and on the next thrust spent himself over Castiel’s chest and stomach. Castiel stroked him through it, loving the way his hips twitched as he rode it out. Finally,
The drive home was silent. They arrived at the bunker just as the sun was coming up, and Sam yawned before announcing that he was going to bed. Dean and Castiel followed behind him towards the bedrooms, each disappearing through his respective door.
The thing that irritated him most, Dean had decided, was that Castiel wasn’t acting any differently towards
“Heya Cas, I—listen I just wanted to uh…apologize I guess, for what that shifter did when he, um, looked like me.” Castiel blinked at him, confused. Dean was good at self-loathing, it was true, but surely he didn’t blame himself over Castiel getting captured.
He strode to the middle of the room where Castiel scrubbed frustrated hands through his hair as he faced his current nemesis: a basic lock.
“I agree,” Castiel sighed tiredly. The fire was no more than smoldering embers and the emotional whiplash of the past few hours had drained him. “We will have to figure out a path forward—” Beside him, Hannah slumped forward a little, looking as bone-tired as Castiel felt. “—but it can wait until tomorrow.”
Nerves, he supposed. He lacked any significant real world experience to draw from outside of the few instances of rushed, experimental touches in his younger years. Most of what he knew of romance came from books.
“It is,” Dean admitted quietly. Castiel had to commend him for how hard he was clearly fighting not to avert his eyes. “I let my own desires get the better of me and it led me to act inappropriately. I understand why you reacted the way you did and I don’t hold it against you.”
“I’m aware that people perceive me to be rather...flirtatious in nature,” Dean began, “but most of the time, I don’t mean anything by it; it’s all in good fun, you know?” He shrugged one shoulder up and down, smiling weakly. “But every once in awhile I get carried away, and end up in hot water.”
They turned in unison towards the sound of boots scuffing stone. Castiel had entirely forgotten that Dean was in the room with them. He still faced the door, but it was clear that he felt restless.
Cas’ brow furrowed, and he looked confused. “You…think she should have taken the effort to kill me?”
"But work should stay at work," Dean had argued back, "Aren't you always encouraging people to maintain a good work-life balance?"
, whether by accident or a hand on a shoulder, or feet knocking under the table, or whatever. What was Cas’ problem all of a sudden? He’d clearly done something to make Cas angry at him, but he didn’t know what, and if Cas wasn’t going to share that with him then there was nothing to be done. They had bigger problems, anyway.
“Magnificent,” Castiel said, voice slightly muffled around a second bite, “These make me very happy.”
Abruptly, fake-Castiel halted his ministrations and rose to his knees. The hoarse whine Dean made sent delightful shivers racing down Castiel’s spine and he greedily watched Dean’s red mouth part around harsh inhales, his fists still clenched in the white sheets. For a moment, fake-Castiel seemed to be petting him; one hand slid slowly over Dean’s flank and came to a stop at his waist. The other hand mimicked the position on the other side and the furrow between Dean’s eyes eased slightly.
Dean glanced at him again, assessing this time. “Of course I can,” he said, “Nothing fancy, mind you. Enough to get by on my own in the tower.”
Hannah went still for a moment—surprised by his unusual affection, perhaps—but then she was kissing him back tentatively, softly. Castiel withdrew slightly before pressing against her in a second kiss, surer this time. He let his head tilt to one side for a better angle and smoothed a hand over Hannah’s slim shoulder. She was warm under the frock and it probably should have been exciting, but awkwardness clung to him insistently, shifting his focus to insecurities brought on by inexperience.
Dean’s eyes were hooded and pleading, but it was clear there was some amount of shame attached to the request. Why?
Fun Fact #2: Jess' patient story is stolen directly from my best friend, who is currently in medical school and must have a truly inhuman level of patience. This is one of the milder ridiculous situations she's found herself in. Seriously.
about this man, did you even ask it to do the silver test?! Jesus! This place is huge what if we hadn’t found you until it was too late?”
He felt Cas’ wing tug tighter around him, and a hand pressed against his shoulder, encouraging him to turn and meet Cas’ gaze. He did, slowly, feeling rather raw after opening up so much to someone besides Sam.
Just hearing the wrecked hoarseness in Dean’s voice—a result of his earlier generosity, Castiel was certain—sent him teetering dangerously close to the edge again. A sound halfway between a moan and a sob forced its way past his lips and Castiel clutched desperately at Dean’s hips, unable to nod fast enough. “Yes—Yes, Dean, anything.”
His inclination was to have them stay, if for no other reason than to dispel the strange, uneasy tension that seemed to wrap around Dean like a too-heavy weighted blanket whenever he and Castiel were left alone. In the end, he thought better of it; tears or no, they were dealing with some variation of Djinn poison, and that meant seeing one or more of Dean’s vulnerabilities laid bare. Castiel predicted Dean would wake with a gruff thanks and a gruffer order to forget anything he saw while wandering around inside his head.
When he was out far enough that the water lapped at his tail bone, Dean paused and let his fingertips trail gently along the surface, looking pensive. Castiel shifted his weight, leaning slightly forward around the trunk of the tree, and to his horror a small branch broke under his knee. Though the forest was by no means silent, the snap was a thunderous echo to his ears, announcing his hiding spot.
Neither of the other occupants seemed interested in or, indeed, even aware of the bizarreness of the space, however. Approximately thirty feet in front of him, Dean stood near a dingy, gray couch across from the young form of John Winchester. Castiel recognized anger in the set of his jaw, but the challenging, near-mocking stare was gone. Instead, Dean glowered at the ground in front of him, his shoulders hunched.
Specific details of what he might find beyond the entrance were unhelpfully absent from the stories, but Castiel might have expected dust or damp or vermin, something to indicate the passage of time. Princess Hannah had been asleep for the last ten years, after all, frozen in place until Castiel had come of age. And yet, the flagstones were free of debris, the air fresh and cool.
A thought flickered somewhere in the back of Castiel’s mind. “Didn’t you hunt an alternative breed of Djinn? With Charlie?”
Castiel brought his hand up to his own mouth where he pressed the flat of his tongue against his palm, wetting it so that when he took hold of himself once more the slide was slicker.
,” Dean whispered reverently, runnnig his hand through Castiel’s hair before cupping his cheek, “I’ve never known anyone to react so strongly.”
There was something dark in Dean, he realized; something violent that he kept tucked away, hidden beneath the surface.
“We ought to start the wedding later in the afternoon,” his mother continued, oblivious to his current inner turmoil, “That way, the Unity Ceremony should fall at sunset. Grace shines beautifully in the setting sun.”
"I'm always greeted second in this house," Dean said, pouting in mock-petulance. Cas laughed, stepping forward to slip his arms around Dean's waist.
The hidden plea that he keep safe and act wisely in the lines of the Queen’s face fortified him against the persistent, nagging worry about his fate, and Castiel turned resolutely forward in his saddle, kicking his horse into a trot.
“I’m sure she’d do a fine job,” He scuffed his boot along the stone floor, as though embarrassed. “But making it myself seems more sincere.”
Completely unobstructed, his wings truly were impressive. Each wing looked like it could easily span several feet outwards, and perhaps black wings should have been evil looking, but the inky darkness of them seemed all-encompassing in the most comforting of ways. Dean supposed if anybody was going to make infinite black seem soothing, it would be an angel. He felt the fight drain from him, and he huffed out a sigh. Next to him, Sam was still rubbing the sleep and confusion from his eyes.
Halfway to the vet, his immune system had kicked online, protesting the trembling stray's presence in the limited space of his car. His hands itched where they had touched fur and his sinuses were so stuffed up it felt like he was on day three of a bad cold. His nose was running like a faucet despite the many tissues he'd already gone through, and his eyes felt just a little too watery.
With one last swipe of his thumb he tumbled over the edge, swearing as he imagined Dean pulling back to lick at the tip of his cock, lapping up what he could as Castiel spilled himself all over Dean’s attractive features. He groaned lowly, giving small, aborted thrusts as the brightest shocks of pleasure zipped up and down his spine. Eventually, with one final shiver, he let his weight sink back against the tree, breathing deeply.
His gaze did not go unnoticed by the shifter, who brought a hand to his face to feel the damage. There was really no need; his hands were peeling too. He heaved an annoyed sigh at his own physiology, and addressed Castiel again, holding out his hand as evidence.
“Well, you know. Nature calls. Can you help me pick out what to wear?” Castiel glared back at him, silent. “I could put on your face and find your idiot friends. Or I could put on Dean’s face and see if you’re willing to open up more to him. Thoughts?”
“Hey,” Dean breathed quietly against the shell of his ear, “‘M not going to be summoned away this time, I promise.”
Hannah was looking at him expectantly now, so with a sigh he sank to the ground and positioned himself so as to duck his head under the water. Even this his face inches away from it, he could not see past his own reflection.
"Hey Dean," came Gabriel's unusually raspy and cheerless voice, "Sorry to do this to you but I've been up all night with a fever and some kind of stomach bug. I'm not going to make it in today."
“Okay, that’s it,” Sam declared, pinning Castiel with a firm—albeit tired and worried—look, “Cas, it’s time to get inside his head and see what’s going on.”
“Ride me,” Dean ordered simply, and in a heartbeat Castiel had sat up and situated himself on Dean’s lap, groaning low when he slid down onto Dean’s cock.
“It’s important to talk about your feelings, Castiel,” she had always reminded him when embarrassment or rage held his mouth shut, “The first step to understanding someone else’s point of view is to understand our own.”
Haltingly, wincing at his bruised knees, Castiel stood. When he made no further attempts to move, a hand grabbed at his shoulder and pulled until he spun about. To his immense shock, the other man stood in front of him with wide eyes, sword already sheathed, producing a matching glass vial from a small pouch at his hip.
She could feel little Castiel’s pain and her head ached. She clutched the baby tightly to her, causing him to stir and cry out unhappily at her grip. It seemed to go on for ages, nothing but blackness around Castiel and his once average life. Perhaps he was to die young? But the emptiness, the complete lack of existence that accompanied prophecies of death was not present. She could not see Castiel’s end beyond the misery that had overtaken everything.
“This…might not be a good time, Dean.” His voice was strained and tired, and though Dean knew better he could have sworn there were dark circles forming under his eyes. The bubble returned and grew.
Castiel was not around; Dean assumed he was either out or resting. Sam had peeled his eyes away from his own book and given a loud yawn, declaring that he was going to take a quick shower to refresh himself. Almost as soon as his footsteps had faded they returned, and Dean looked up to see Sam looking awkward and thoroughly embarrassed.
Sam had reported that grifting seemed to come quite naturally to him; sometimes his speech was awkward and stilted, but Sam thought this endeared him to people, made them more willing to trust him quickly.
The notion seemed awfully farfetched; wishful thinking on his part. Nevertheless, Castiel felt those damnable, elusive butterflies take flight in his stomach.
“Alright, you know what?” He turned to fully face Cas now, scrubbing a hand over his jaw. “That’s complete crap, and you know it, I know it, hell
It did not escape him, of course, that Hannah had also given no indication that she desired more intimacy than they already had—insofar as he had noticed, anyway. That said, maybe she was just waiting for Castiel to sweep her off her feet and court her properly.
Rowena walked back to where Castiel and Hannah stood and offered the book to them. Hannah took it with careful hands.
“Listen, I,” he paused to clear his throat, “I’m not good at, you know, chick flick moments, and talking about feelings and all that crap, but…well, Amara…” Dean glanced sideways at Cas, who was looking at him, patient but curious. Dean cleared his throat again and gathered his courage. “What Amara said to you was complete bullshit.”
throat. He didn’t know how hard to squeeze, didn’t know where to put his hands so he didn’t cause lasting damage. The dark feeling in the pit of his stomach swirled and made him wonder if he’d be able to let go at all.
A loud clang to his right brought him out of his quiet observance and he had turned to find Sam bending low to grab his flashlight from where it had rolled under a conveyor belt.
The second awkward encounter with Cas’ wings had happened a few days after their return to the bunker. The three had spent the past forty-eight hours with their faces pressed into books, reading in near silence save for muttered apologies about accidentally kicking someone under the table or asking for another beer. Dean had recently returned from a few hours of sleep, but by now he had gone through so many books that he doubted he could remember which titles he had already checked. The words and pages and articles were all running together to become one long book in his head. Still, he had dutifully resumed his position at the table with a new stack of reading material.
Much to his surprise, his fingertips made contact with cool fur without any fanfare. He prodded a little more firmly, testing his boundaries, but the cat stayed where it was, huddled and shivering.
“A dragon!” he exclaimed mirthfully, tucking Princess Hannah’s vial back inside its pocket. “I admit, some days my temper is worse than others, especially after too much ale— ” He chuckled again, eyes alight with glee now, “—but none have accused me of being a fire-breathing beast. Not directly, at least.”
"What are you doing?" Dean asked again, crossing his arms and nodding at the armful Gabriel had only just managed to stop from tumbling to the ground.
Now, three months in, Dean was fairly certain this had, somehow, been Gabriel's plan all along. Crafty bastard.
I hope you've enjoyed my work! Comments sustain me (but I'm a little bad at replying. Sorry in advance.) and you should wander over to my beta's and artist's links and take a look at their work too. Cheers!
Sam, but eventually, Dean had admitted defeat and started working on the cafe's accounting books at home.
But he was certainly not copulating with any of the women he’d recently taken home; no, Castiel was watching
It wasn’t just a feeling anymore. Flashes of violence spun behind her closed eyes, visions of blood and torment and agony, and he seemed to be alone through it all. Such a bright young child, surely he was not meant to suffer in this way?
“He was thrown several times before he was poisoned,” Castiel reasoned, “I’ve healed the physical injuries already, but perhaps this poison took more of a toll than usual, given the preceding fight.”
"You just need to feed it," he rushed, "Just put out some milk and food in the evening and walk away, no need to stick around. You can grab the dishes when the trash goes out. Please?"
Sam watched anxiously as Jack’s hand passed over the length of Dean’s torso and back again. “Anything?” he asked, but Jack shook his head regretfully.
This time, when he went to retrieve the dishes, the tuna looked completely untouched and there was still some cream left on the second saucer.
And yet, on the long list of things Castiel might have expected to hear from Dean on the matter, an apology was nowhere to be found. Puzzlement filtered in through his embarrassment, but he was not granted any time to ask for clarification.
In response, Hannah swept into a deep, graceful curtsey. “Sir Dean of Winchester,” she returned, tone equally severe.
Eager impatience made it tempting to quicken his steps as he led Hannah towards the castle’s private temple, but he forced himself to slow down and keep a reasonable pace.
“I—” he tried, but it felt like he was talking through a mouthful of honey. Castiel cleared his throat and swallowed thickly before trying again. “I apologize for making you uncomfortable; I did not mean to misread things so severely.”
, every time the crust of a baguette crackled satisfyingly under his knife, pride and fondness swelled in his chest.
Dean couldn’t help the bounce in his step as he turned into the alleyway to find Sam leaning against one of the buildings.
Like her guard, Hannah was easy to get lost in. Her clear blue eyes, prismatic and captivating in a way that reminded him of the oasis, were especially vivid in contrast to the long dark brown hair that framed her face and tumbled in soft waves past her shoulders. Her red lips and full cheeks served her expressive nature well and were perfect for warm, sincere smiles that put people at ease until they were smiling too.
Well, so what if he was a bit of a proud parent about his menu; it meant he could be trusted by his customers to deliver quality products.
Castiel still glowered, but most of the fight seemed to leave him. With a soft rustling, his wings materialized behind him, and his posture slackened with relief. They draped over the covers and spilled onto the floor, the tips reaching just far enough to brush against the dresser near the wall.
Anna opened her eyes and lessened her grip on Castiel. With a heavy heart, she handed him back to Naomi, who looked worried.
He met Dean’s gaze, warm green eyes grumpy but relieved, and offered his best apologetic expression. After a moment Dean huffed and looked away, dropping the now unlocked handcuffs to the ground with a muted clang. Castiel felt the cool rush of his grace sweep over him and sighed in contentment at having his injuries mended, finally.
Dean seemed well aware that Castiel could not withstand postponing things further—or maybe he had reached a similar state of frazzled need—for he spared no effort on light, teasing touches, choosing instead to push Castiel against the wall with his own weight. One hand fumbled at the edge of Castiel’s tunic while the other cupped his jaw, pulling him in to meet Dean’s insistent, indulgent kisses.
in places Castiel might not have guessed him to be. Referring to Dean in such terms felt rather silly—Castiel was sure he would balk at the descriptor—but try as he might, he could conjure no sufficient alternatives. Tough and assertive though he might otherwise be, in this setting, in this context, he looked soft and warm and inviting. Tempting.
Castiel took a deep breath and rapped his knuckles against the door to Hannah’s bedchamber. His pulse hammered loudly in the silence of the corridor for a moment before her gentle voice broke through the cacophony to usher him inside.
forms of love, be it romantic or not. Hold your friends and family in as high regard as you would a lover. And make no mistake—” He glanced at Hannah again, giving her hand a light squeeze. “Though we are not in love, Hannah and I
Or was he willfully projecting his own desire for this particular freedom onto any solution that might allow it?
, Castiel let himself tip over the edge too, clutching Dean against his lap and spilling sticky and hot inside of him.
No sooner had he successfully retrieved the jug and sat back onto his heels than warm, wet heat enveloped his prick, tugging a strangled moan from his throat. Dean’s tongue was wicked, tracing around the head teasingly before pressing flat against the underside as he hollowed his cheeks and sucked. Castiel tangled his fingers in Dean’s hair reflexively, eager to keep him in place, undecided as to whether the stealthy maneuvering Dean must have done while Castiel was otherwise occupied deserved to be praised or cursed.
“It’s incredible, isn’t it sweetheart?” Dean said, just barely loud enough for Castiel to hear. Impala snuffled agreeably.
Eons later, long after the first beings had come and gone, a mighty King and his beloved Queen ruled over a massive territory. They were generous, benevolent monarchs, well-loved by their subjects.
“Suit yourself,” she said, shrugging, and returned the empty teacup she had begun to pick up to its original place on the end table beside the chair. “With all the wedding planning, I look forward to this time of night.”
wedding, dear,” Queen Naomi said, exasperated, “For goodness sake, clever as you often are, sometimes I thank the creators that you were blessed with your father’s good looks.”
“I apologize if we’ve caused alarm,” Castiel began, tugging his sleeves back down as Hannah brushed her fingers through her hair.
Dean was, like everyone else, under the assumption that he and Hannah were terribly in love; Hannah had not relayed any of their conversation to him.
“Good evening, Dean,” Castiel greeted, hoping his voice did not reflect that spike of sheer terror that had gripped him a moment ago, “Did less violent means of trying to contact me fail? You might have tried slipping me a note on a napkin at dinner.”
“That’s right,” Sam said, perking up. At Jack’s perplexed look he summarized: “A few years back we came across a Djinn that fed on people’s fears instead of their hopes and dreams. Instead of being dropped into your perfect world, you’d end up stuck in some variation of your worst nightmare.”
“Even if I did know, and even if you could make me tell you, what could a shifter possibly want with an angel tablet? Are shifters allowed to become prophets? I was not aware.” Despite his pain Castiel spoke evenly, jabbing at the shifter’s pride. He may be captive, but that didn’t nullify his experience as Commander of the heavenly garrison; he knew how to hold his own as a hostage. It was only a matter of developing a strategy and waiting for the correct moment to make a move.
"I'll send you home with some antibiotics; he'll need a dose twice a day for the next week. The pills are small, so most cats won't notice if you hide them in a bit of wet food, but if he's particularly picky you can let the pills dissolve a little in some tuna water."
Castiel had to bite down on his own lip to smother an involuntary whine. He thrust faster into the tight circle of his own fist, overwhelmed by the thought of Dean, red lips stretched wide, cheeks hollowed as he sucked and swallowed wetly around him.
Castiel swallowed thickly, aware that there was no reason for his continued presence. He should return to Continental and ride back to the castle, leaving Dean and all knowledge of his nakedness behind in the forest. The purpose of this excursion had initially been to sort out his feelings for Hannah, after all.
A gentle squeeze and then Cas released him, listing a few dinner suggestions over his shoulder as he wandered into the kitchen. As Dean turned to follow, Simba brushed against his leg.
Admitting it felt like exhaling; like breaking the surface after being held underwater too long. Another tear tracked down his cheek and he swallowed around a relieved sob.
Castiel wondered if Dean meant to go swimming. Spring had certainly sprung, but the air still carried a stubborn winter bite to it.
The wisest course of action, he knew, would be to step back so that Dean’s hand fell away. He would turn back to the counter, prepare a plate of pastries for Hannah, and make some parting joke to dispel any lingering embarrassment, if he could think of one. Or perhaps it would be better to simply pretend nothing out of the ordinary had happened.
"Fine," he said finally. He made a mental note to check that there were antihistamines in the medicine cabinet, just in case.
But Dean didn’t look offended by his tone. “On the bed,” he said, nodding towards the large mattress. “On your stomach.”
Castiel lay with his ear pressed against the spot over Dean’s heart, its sure rhythm lulling him to join Dean in a long, well-deserved sleep.
After a moment, they broke apart and observed each other. Castiel could feel that his cheeks were slightly flushed, and noted that Dean looked both happy and as though he were anticipating some kind of evaluation.
Wait staff moved near-silently between the guests, the black of their uniforms camouflaging against the heavy velvet curtains lining two of the four walls, making them almost imperceptible save for the occasional flash of their silver trays in the low light. Clusters of lit candles cast long shadows across the tables they adorned, their ornate holders dripping with strings of glittering gems.
Distracted by the sudden gold hue of Dean’s usually light brown hair, Castiel failed to realize that Dean was undoing the ties of his breeches until far too late. In one swift motion Dean pushed the fabric down his legs and stepped out of them, unknowingly revealing himself to his hidden audience. Castiel tore his eyes away in a belated attempt to offer privacy, but only seconds later he sought Dean’s form again, sweeping his gaze indulgently over the swell of his backside before he could stop himself.
“I’m sorry, Dean,” he sighed at last, “I’m just agitated because…because of my wings. It doesn’t matter.”
Two months of doing the tedious accounting work from the comfort of his own home later, Dean could admit that this was a better arrangement all things considered.
Castiel exhaled roughly at the first glide of his hand over his swollen cock, his head tipping back against the tree as his eyes fluttered shut. This time, when his lust-addled mind offered the vivid recollection of Dean’s naked form, he accepted it greedily.
The door creaked softly closed and Castiel kneeled at the side of the bed, turning his attention to his charge.
“So this lake,” Castiel began after a few minutes of  companionable silence, “What’s so significant about it? Why does Anna think we might find a clue to recusing Dean?”
Dean’s voice rose once more with renewed courage. “Of course I mean it! You said we have a—a profound bond, and I
Dean blanched and struggled with renewed fervor against whatever held him in place, but it did no good. For a moment, Castiel assumed Michael had been referring to him as he was the only other being present; instead, indecipherable whispers filled the space and grew steadily louder as Dean struggled fruitlessly against his restraints.
“Don’t, Dean,” Cas spoke normally now. “You don’t need to console me. I’ve failed, many times, and I must accept that as a result, my brothers and sisters no longer wish to be associated with me.”
For a moment there was silence save for their heavy breathing and the slap of their connecting skin as Castiel dropped onto Dean’s lap again and again, chasing release. He looked down when Dean tugged at his wrists, trying to pry him away from where he was pressing into Dean’s chest for leverage. Filtering through the hazy arousal in his eyes was a determined edge that Castiel didn’t know what to make of.
Castiel raked his hands roughly through soft hair, curling his fingers closed to tug as he laved his tongue against Dean’s lower lip. A strangled sound left Dean’s throat as he thrust his hips forward into Castiel, his head tipping backwards. Castiel wasted no time dragging his lips along the edge of that sharp jaw he so adored before moving even further down to mouth at the spot just above Dean’s Adam's apple. Dean did not let him wander for long; the hand still on his cheek guided him back up so Dean could connect their mouths again, and Castiel found himself stuck between progressing further and being completely unwilling to stop kissing. The fingers of Dean’s other hand gripped at Castiel’s hip underneath his tunic, promising that ridding themselves of clothes would be well worth the effort, but the thought of releasing Dean to do so made him ache.
Dean rolled his stiff neck and shoulders, humming at the satisfying pops and cracks that followed. He was long overdue for a vacation; with the cafe doing as well as it was, time seemed to slide by without him noticing.
The crowd below made sounds of wonder at the spectacular sight; Castiel watched, dazed, at the beautiful light before him, squeezing Hannah’s hands.
"He's fine," the nurse assured him, smiling warmly, "Dr. Novak thinks he has a mild upper respiratory infection—a kitty cold, more or less."
Dean was sighing appreciatively with every rock back against his own fingers now. Castiel watched rapt as a pearly bead of liquid spilled from the tip of Dean’s erection and trailed slowly downward; he reached to catch the drop against his finger and smoothed it back up over the head, swallowing hard when Dean twitched his hips forward with what could only be described as a whimper, another drop spilling from him to join the first.
“Castiel, there you are!” the Queen called, beckoning him into the garden when he turned towards her.
He cared for Hannah deeply, he knew, but he did not yearn for her the way he might have expected to, given that they were a divine match, and the knowledge left him feeling underwhelmed and disheartened.
The cat finished its meal. Gabriel reached out to it, cooing encouragingly until it stepped forward to sniff curiously at his fingertips. Apparently reassured about any immediate safety concerns, it rubbed its cheek against Gabriel's palm, chirping quietly.
Castiel’s puzzled expression must have been enough of a cue, because she paused only for a moment before explaining further.
Castiel lunged from behind the door, tossing the hot chain around the guard's neck and pulling tight. The guard started wailing as soon as the hot metal touched his skin, but Castiel crossed the end of the chains over one another and gave a firm pull, snapping the guard’s neck neatly. He removed his chain and let the body crumple in a heap to the floor.
The bowl he’d been rinsing slipped from his fingers, clattering noisily against the basin. Castiel blinked at it.
Listen, I can’t take another semester of doing nothing but research. I spent so much time in windowless computer labs that I started compiling code in my sleep. Besides,” she pulled her feet off the table and leaned forward to point an accusing finger at him, “no matter what you say, breaks
Castiel frowned, suddenly struck with an aching sadness for Hannah’s lost time, but she shushed him.
This time, the man laughed lowly, flipping his sword so that the hilt danced across his knuckles until it made a full revolution.
Wary, he took a few careful steps towards Michael, armed and ready, but Michael did not acknowledge him. Castiel stepped closer until he was directly next to him—still, Michael’s gleeful gaze remained fixed on Dean. Quick as lightning, Castiel drew his arm out and swung his blade in a graceful curve, landing the sharp tip square in the middle of Michael’s chest. The blade disappeared through him, but there was no give. There was nothing corporeal to fight.
Fun Fact #5: The last four lines of this chapter are actually the very first lines I wrote of this story.
The bed dipped next to him and Castiel pressed his other cheek into the bedding so that he could see Dean. His body language read calm and collected, but his eyes gave him away; there was hunger there.
He didn’t wait for an answer before disappearing out of Castiel’s view. From a distance he could hear the horrible squelching and wet ripping sounds as the shifter shed his Sam outfit, pieces of flesh dropping to the floor with sodden plops. The noises made Castiel’s stomach turn. After several minutes, Dean Winchester came into view, although Castiel knew that this wasn’t really Dean. The eyes weren’t warm enough, the gait too relaxed, the smirk more evil than cocky.
“In all the stories we know, the unity ceremony is always preceded by a wedding,” he explained, “I’ve been wondering whether some aspect of marriage impacts the unity ceremony; if not, it stands to reason that one can be done without the other, meaning—”
Jack brought Sam books from the library, Castiel made coffee, and three hours ticked uneventfully by. Then another three, and another, and with each shift change the conscious bunker occupants became increasingly restless and agitated.
Prophecies, like the people they belonged to, often shared similar qualities but were unique in some way or another. Of course, not everyone was meant to slay dragons and rescue princesses. The majority of prophecies depicted an average life with an average amount of joy and hardship: he would live a long life, she would excel at cooking, he would be liked by all who met him, she would be a talented spell-worker. Every now and again a prophecy was somewhat more impressive: he would embark on a quest and win the heart of his beloved, she would be renowned as the best swordsman in the land. More rarely still, a prophet would find themselves at a loss for how to tell a mother that her child would suffer.
After one last reassuring squeeze to both his and Hannah’s arms, Rowena swept into another graceful curtsey and made her way back towards the entrance to the temple. With one hand on the door she paused, turning to look at them over her shoulder.
The counter came unbidden and Castiel waited, tense, wondering if he’d stepped over the line at last. The silence dragged on for a full minute before Dean chuckled and left the room. Castiel exhaled.
"If it's alright with you, the vet would like to keep him here for a few nights. We'd like to do a more thorough examination after he's gotten some fluids; make sure he doesn't have any other health problems, give him some basic vaccinations, that sort of thing."
Game #1: How many references to canon sooperboop can you spot in this story? Several times, both my beta and artist commended me for a cool bit of symbolism or a meaningful nod to something in canon. I find this all very hilarious because I am fairly bad at literary analysis and did only about 20% of these things on purpose. So, please help me find all my easter eggs! I have no idea how many I dropped! Most of what you find will be news to me!
Cas looked annoyed but seemed too tired to argue. He shuffled past Dean to sit on his bed. “Yes. It’s part of the healing process, no cause for concern.” He was sitting up straight like he usually did, but it wasn’t with the same effortless ease. He swayed slightly, and Dean could see his shoulders shaking with the effort.
The guy was intimidating at first glance; he stood straight with his shoulders back and down, his gait was purposeful, his gaze had a commanding edge to it, and in its neutral position, the corners of his mouth tilted ever so slightly downwards. Had Dean not known better, he might have guessed Dr. Novak worked as some kind of bodyguard.
Curious murmurs rippled through the crowd and Crowley banged his gavel against the podium, demanding order. When the room was quiet once more, he gestured at the screen projected behind him. A number appeared in the top-left of the screen.
. I’d still be rotting away in Hell if it weren’t for you, but more importantly, I wouldn’t be the same person if I hadn’t met you. Neither would Sam. And hell, do you know how much closure it must give Claire to still have you around?”
knows it. You’ve been looking at me the way Uriel used to, like I’m something on the bottom of your shoe. Just
And for the next half an hour, they did so. Rowena listened patiently while Hannah and Castiel recounted the details of their conversation the previous night. If she was angry or disappointed in either of them, she did not show it. Her expression remained calm through their explanations, although it twisted briefly in sympathy when Hannah tearfully admitted to the increasing guilt she had felt as the wedding drew nearer.
Castiel realized his mistake too late as the water droplet he’d been tracing passed Dean’s navel and rejoined the cool blue below. Water fell away from smooth skin as Dean continued towards shore, revealing slim hips and then the vee of his groin, and in between one blink and the next Dean was bared to him properly, his nakedness glorious against the shimmering, fantastic backdrop that was the oasis. Warmth pooled low in Castiel’s gut the longer he stared, the front of his breeches gradually pulling taut over the evidence of his arousal.
“I’m only teasing,” Dean offered with a small, apologetic laugh, “Most people don’t think to wonder. I suspect the fairytale of the beautiful maiden asleep in the woods would lose most of its charm if the more grotesque aspects of keeping someone alive for so long were detailed.”
There was a beat of silence once he had gone, and then Dean gave an annoyed sigh and stood to bring his plate to the sink. He set about scrubbing the dish and tried to ask Cas what the hell had been bothering him lately, but his voice felt stuck in his throat. Behind him, Castiel was silent.
Castiel could take no more. He grabbed at Dean’s shoulders, intending to shake him out of this utter nonsense reality, but his hands disappeared through Dean just like they’d done with Michael.
him—bordered on obscene in its sheer eroticism. Castiel clutched at Dean’s wrists, scratched blunt nails down his waist, and finally settled for pressing fingers into his hips and upper thighs hard enough to bruise in an effort to be impossibly deeper.
, for them out there in the wild world. Try as he might to sympathize, Castiel couldn’t help but envy that quandary, for to him it felt rather like freedom. Freedom to choose who he loved, freedom to choose to love in the first place.
“Thank you,” he said, “That will be all.” The employee gave a small bow and left to service the other high bidders.
Dean gave an experimental tug of his hips and Castiel hissed as he slipped free. He turned onto his stomach as Dean stretched lazily, yawning. Castiel watched, baffled by Dean’s choice of training methods.
Castiel felt his mouth shape to make the words in Dean’s voice. Memory-Castiel tilted his head to the side, smiling knowingly.
If Dean were honest with himself, he was being a goddamn coward about it. Anytime he found himself alone with Castiel, he found some excuse to high-tail it out of there. He could barely look Cas in the eye without feeling horrible about all the times he and Sam should have remembered to check on him. Cas had been there for both of them so many times, and they repaid him with…next to nothing.
Castiel could only jerk his head in what he hoped was a nod at the gasped words. Dean thrust hard once, twice, before his knot began to catch at Castiel’s rim.
Almost absently, Dean slid his thumb gently to the middle of Castiel’s lower lip. Castiel was certain his eyes were playing tricks on him; Dean watched his finger’s path, an unfamiliar intensity in his green eyes which, combined with his pink cheeks, made him look—
Ever since Dean had gone to check on him, they’d been skirting around each other like tetchy cats. Questions were asked only when necessary, answers were given in clipped tones and with the fewest amount of words possible. Meetings in the bunker’s hallways consisted of stony faces and clenched jawlines, or outright denial of one another’s presence. Narrowed gazes followed retreating backs long after they had disappeared through doorways, followed by expressions that might have been apologetic if pride would stop getting in the way.
“Besides,” she said lightly, “what are your crowns good for, if not suggesting a change in tradition now and again?”
Nearly a week ago, Castiel had paced back and forth in front of the ever-dimming fire, reviewing his happenings ever since the tower in an effort to pinpoint exactly when his desires had veered from their expected trajectory. Hours later, well after he should have been asleep, he had tugged at his hair in frustration as he knelt on the carpet, forced to face the disappointing conclusion: there
The words were stiff and too formal, as though this manifestation of Castiel had only scarce interaction with humanity to speak of. It certainly did not reflect the fluidity and familiarity Castiel had developed in his many years with the Winchesters.
Castiel’s face grew hot with embarrassment, but no good would come from lying. “There is...room for improvement in my technique,” he admitted grudgingly. Hannah patted him on the arm, looking sympathetic but not disappointed.
Unfortunately, there was a fair amount of risk in seeking out the one person who might be able to offer guidance, especially if it turned out that he and Hannah would need to marry regardless. But the thought of Hannah, sobbing against him and asking for forgiveness for her lack of affection, was still fresh in his mind; it was worth the risk, for both their sakes.
Dean made a pleased sound and reached up with one hand to card slowly through Castiel’s hair. “I’m very glad,” Dean confessed softly, “that you did not marry Hannah.”
Castiel had dark hair, dyed black by the dim lighting, and a soft pink mouth that Anna knew would be perfect for wide smiles. His blue eyes peered up at her sleepily, brighter and warmer than the deep oceans and endless night sky. He murmured when she shifted to hold him better, and she shushed him gently. Placing her fingers carefully against his small chest, she closed her eyes and let his heartbeat speak to her.
“And that’s what happened earlier?” If he were perfectly honest with himself, Castiel was unsure he wanted an answer to that. Both options seemed equally demoralizing, somehow.
“Recent interactions have led the handlers to conclude that Castiel is obstinate and will likely require significant training.” The curious murmurs transitioned into sounds of disappointment; to most, a sex slave was meant to be a convenient outlet, an expression of abundant wealth, not an energy-intensive project that may or may not result in the desired outcome.
“Is that so?” There was that charm again, albeit a little thready through whatever nerves Dean had stirred up in himself. Perhaps he would ask about it later.
It seemed strange to be regretful after having just expressed their lack of romantic interest in one another, but he was. From the moment he had woken her, Castiel had felt connected to Hannah in a way he was not familiar with. The bond between them was strong and honest, and he lamented that their feelings had mutually gone astray. In a fairytale world, he and Hannah would have fallen in love quickly and wed eagerly, to the elation of each other, their kingdoms, and their creators. Alas, the books in his library never offered any guarantee of verisimilitude alongside the fantastical tales.
Instead of answering Castiel’s unasked questions, he turned and made his way back to Sam, nodding. Sam started the timer.
Dean redirected his attention to the path in front of him as Sam, about twenty meters ahead, disappeared around a cluster of trees as the path curved to the left. Dean huffed a relieved breath and pressed on with renewed vigor; that bend meant that the campus soccer fields were up next, and that was where the yoga class had been setting up.
Tearing his eyes away from Dean’s turmoil, Castiel rushed at the cackling manifestation of Michael, intending to disrupt the magic with physical force. To his dismay, Michael simply evaporated into fog where Castiel made contact with him, sending Castiel careening none too gently onto the floor. Wincing, he sat up in time to watch Michael regain a solid form without so much as a sideways glance. Brow furrowed, Castiel got to his feet and summoned his blade with a flick of his wrist.
Fun Fact #???: Barring a single <1k word thing from long ago, I think this story features the first ~actual porn~ I have ever written.
Hannah smiled again, wistfully now. “He’s far too self-sacrificing to say so outright, for fear I might feel guilty for asking him to come here. But yes, I know he does. He writes his younger brother often.”
He lost himself for a moment, parting his thighs and thrusting gently forward into the liquid silk around him before pulling back, an apology already on his lips. Dean hummed around him and pulled away, but instead of reprimanding him (as would have been warranted), Dean resituated himself so that he lay flat on his back once more. Arching a challenging eyebrow, he encouraged Castiel forward with a hand on his hip until Castiel was watching himself slide back between soft lips. Another, more suggestive nudge to his hip had Castiel swallowing thickly, worried of misinterpreting Dean’s offer. Studying his features for signs of trepidation or injury, Castiel cupped Dean’s jaw and very carefully let his weight sink forward again, stroking his thumb over a flushed, freckled cheek.
However his heart might balk, his duty was first and foremost to his kingdom as their prince, to Princess Hannah as her divinely chosen soulmate, and to his mother as her son. Castiel could—and
His hand came up to the top of Castiel’s shoulder again and repeated the motion, his other hand coming up to do the same on the other side. For a few minutes they stayed that way, Dean lazily petting Castiel’s body and Castiel indulging in the physical contact, wondering which part of this training exercise was meant to be difficult.
He grit his teeth, frustrated. Absently, he let out a string of Enochian expletives with his true voice (something he’d taken to doing more and more frequently, as of late. It was easier to appear outwardly calm and patient if he could throw a small, private temper tantrum outside the range of human hearing). To his surprise, the space around him crackled briefly. He blinked.
Selfishly, petulantly, Castiel could not help but direct some of his frustration at those very books themselves. Somehow, it felt as though a promise made to him had been broken. In stories, romantic love was such a powerful, visceral, thing, something all-encompassing that produced a deep need for closeness and intimacy, something people killed for and died for.
Feeling bold, Castiel tilted his head ever so slightly and, watching Dean closely for a reaction, pressed his lips against the pad of Dean’s thumb in a soft, unmistakable kiss.
The next time Castiel woke up, the torch in the doorway had been put out and the sun shone through a window high above the bed, sending natural light bouncing off the colorful gems littering the walls. To his relief, many of his aches had vanished entirely and he was able to sit up at the edge of the bed, though there was still a twinge in his stomach if he moved too suddenly.
This old factory was big; Dean had suggested that they split up to cover more ground, so off Sam, Dean, and Castiel went in different directions, each armed with a silver knife and a reminder to be wary of anyone else they might come across lest they become the shifter’s latest disguise. Castiel had made his way towards the east side of the place, following shadowy corridors and peering into rooms as he went, the beam from his flashlight falling harshly against cracking tiles, dusty glass instruments, and the sides of ancient metal machinery. Eventually, he had found himself in what must have been an assembly space; old conveyor belts stretched away from him into the darkness, and large vats and bins lined the walls. It was silent, save for Castiel’s own dust-muffled footsteps, but he felt as though he could hear echoes of the room’s past liveliness, as though the room itself was humming its age at him.
The other man blinked slowly at him. Then, much to Castiel’s surprise, he threw his head back with a shout of laughter.
Dean’s book hung loosely from his hand, more or less forgotten. Castiel had tried more than once to steer them back to running lines, but Charlie’s conspicuous absence made it very difficult to concentrate on memorizing anything.
“Ready?” he asked softly, pressing back just enough that the head of Castiel’s cock pressed bluntly against where he was slick and open.
Dean gripped the steering wheel tighter. Sam was right of course, they couldn’t afford to slack on finding Amara.
The longer he looked, the more intrigued he became. Though it was difficult to spot through a camera lens, a dark, mischievous glimmer flickered across his eyes and made Dean wonder about what lurked beneath Castiel’s surface. It reminded him of a loose thread, he realized; most wouldn’t notice it, but now that it’d caught his attention he wanted to give it a tug just to see where it lead.
However, the reason for his distraction was fresh enough in his mind to give him pause. Hannah would know nothing of Castiel’s experience at the oasis, of course, but the knowledge that he had been lusting after another—Hannah’s
"Castiel promised he was going to be made part of our personal guard.  We won't know for sure until we speak to Bobby."  Dean reasoned.
“I’d love to have breakfast with you.” Dean said leaning closer to Castiel.  So close Castiel can smell his cologne.
“No.  You will be my consort and my equal.  In Lawrence, omegas are honored.  We will not mate until you spend some time in my kingdom getting to know me and my people.” Dean said holding his hands out showing he meant no harm.
Prince Sam and Dean were silent as they were shown to their accommodations. They each had a small leather bag that held the few possessions they were able to grab as they escaped.  Lord Gabriel had ensured them that King Castiel would provide for all of their needs. The omega princes had just nodded at this proclamation.
King Castiel walked into the throne room to the sound of trumpets.  He couldn't help rolling his eyes at all the nobles standing around and gawking.  He found them all ignorant and annoying.  None of them cared about him or the kingdom.  The nobles only thought of what they could gain from cozying up to him.
“I’ve have almost ten years in at Sandover.  I’ve worked there ever since I graduated college.” Castiel counters.
Castiel remembers his vow of truthfulness to his alpha.  “I had a nightmare and I thought a walk might help me settle.”
After helping with the topper, Dean sits down to a cup of coffee while Castiel has his usual tea.  “Are we getting a hotel room at the venue for Charlie’s wedding.”
After the feast they were brought out to the darkened courtyard and treated to fireworks to further the celebration.  Dean kissed him while the explosions burst over their heads.  The alpha whispered in his ear, “We should go now while we can.” Castiel merely nodded.
“Language!” Gabriel admonishes which is comical.  Gabriel once went on a five minute tirade in front of a group of visiting dignitaries that had much more colorful and vile language.
“Call me John or Father.”  John corrected.  Dean leaned over and kissed the omega’s cheek.  Castiel couldn’t help but blush and both alphas chuckled.
“What are we going to do now, Babe?  I mean we sort of have an empty nest.” Dean said as he fought with his tie.
Castiel takes off his ball cap and wipes his forehead on his arm.  Sweat is starting to run down his face and into his eyes causing them to burn uncomfortably.  He replaces his cap which his half-brother, Gabriel, had bought him.  It has a rooster on it and Gabriel had laughed and said it was perfect for him because he liked cock.  Gabriel could be crude but at least he was accepting of him being gay, unlike most of Castiel’s remaining family.
“Well, well, Casticle!  What has crawled up your ass and died?” Gabriel says letting himself into Castiel’s apartment.
The first thing the king noticed was what an excellent job Crowley had done dressing his intended and his brother.  The Royal Dresser had picked clothing for them in the latest and most opulent style.  He'd also chosen colors that brought out their eyes and complemented their skin tone.  Dean was such a beautiful omega that he barely noticed anything else in the room.
He sat down at his computer to make a flyer to post on the community message board.  Maybe if he explained that his cat was well taken care of, they would stop feeding him.  If Bumblebee was breaking in and stealing he could at least apologize to whomever it was.  He had only recently moved here and he was quite shy.  He certainly didn’t want to make enemies.
Another reason he remained lonely was he didn’t make friends easily.  He was awkward and shy.  He was used to people making fun of his mannerisms and how he talked.  He retreated into the shelter of his home.  He escaped into books because they didn’t judge him.  The only friend he’d made since moving here was the man that delivered his groceries, Benny.  Benny would stay and have a drink to chat from time to time but he always had to get home to his wife.  Castiel had been invited to his house for dinner but he always declined.  Social anxiety would always criple him, it seemed.
"I know that Dean but is Castiel just as dangerous?  I mean, you're going to mate him." Sam clarified.
At the end of the night Castiel walks Dean to the Impala.  “I really like you Dean.” Castiel says as they reach the car.
"He definitely has the resources to accomplish that.  Well boys, I'm headed to bed.  I'm joining your guard at first light.  Night idjits!" Bobby said, exiting quickly.  Bobby had protected them since they could walk.  He had been a father figure to them, when John had failed.
As promised Dean was gentle.  By morning Castiel had a mating bite healing on his neck.  The omega was deliciously sore from a night of love making and couldn’t wait for another.  Dean was a cuddler and the omega loved being wrapped in his alpha’s arms.
"No he is not.  Father would have punished me for my boldness in the presence of alphas."  Dean said as he unbuttoned his cuffs.  Charlie had offered to assist them in readying for bed.  They had declined.  She had left them with clean night gowns of beautiful silk to wear and two basins of hot water to freshen up with.
“I think I will put in my two weeks notice on Monday.  I have enough in savings with a small business loan, I think I could open a bakery.  I love baking.” Castiel ponders.
“Yes, my king.  Sam and I are thankful for your hospitality.” Dean says nervously since all the nobles are watching him so closely.  He feels like a bug under a magnifying glass.  He imagines every eye on him like the blazing heat of the sun.
“When Lamia finishes, Dean puts the bowl in the dishwasher and grabs himself a beer.  He sits on the back porch drinking his beer and absently stroking Lamia’s head with the other.  He hopes Lamia’s owner calls him and that he is not a douchebag.  He’d really hate it if he had to give up his evenings with the yellow cat that has wormed its way into his heart.
Dean is speechless but Sam is not.  “Thank you, sire.  I’m excited and thankful to you for this opportunity.”
They had just finished eating and setting up Cas’ camera when the peak of the meteor shower started.
“I want to see about fostering a child with the intent of adopting.” Castiel said, finally sitting on the bed in nothing but his underwear.
Sam ended up playing Cards Against Humanity with them, sharing their pizza and sleeping on the couch.  Castiel did end up almost puking when Sam and Dean tried to outdo each other.  Dean ended up going to bed hard with his boyfriend glaring at him and refusing to touch him.
"I'm your omega maid, Charlie.  What can I get for you Prince Dean and Prince Samuel?" she said with a quick curtsy.
“Forever isn’t long enough with you Cas.  It’ll never be enough.” Dean said, capturing Castiel’s lips in a kiss.
“You know why.  Brotha after how you treated Kaia and Claire, you’re lucky Dean didn’t beat the shit out of you himself.” Benny says pushing Gordon further away from the club entrance.  “Now go home.”  Gordon does walk away muttering nasty things Castiel would rather not hear again.
Just after their pizza arrived, there was a knock at the door.  “Were you expecting anyone?” Dean asked as he got up to answer it.
“Not at all.  I brought water for you to drink as well.  It’s important to stay hydrated, especially on a day as warm as today.” Castiel said with a smile looking out over the lake.
Dean did not look at Gabriel.  The omega kept his eyes on the alpha king.  The omega chewed his bottom lip as he seemed to be deep in thought.  Castiel thought it a sin for the omega to look so inviting or to injure such luscious kissable lips.  Prince Dean then turned to Prince Samuel who simply nodded at the older omega.
The alpha turned to the omega taking the omega’s hands into his, “I wished that by my birthday we would be mated.”
Preparations for Dean and Castiel's marriage ceremony were well underway as well.  It was going to be a grand event that would be the talked about in the Kingdom of Terra for years.
“Good. Today I have court business to attend to but I would love to take a walk in the gardens with you before dinner, Dean.” King Castiel says hopeful.
Sam married a woman named Eileen.    They were both lawyers who advocated for people with disabilities.  They had two children, a girl named Mary and a son named Henry.  They visited as often as they could.
The next morning, Dean and Sam are awoken by Charlie, who has hot baths waiting for both of them.  When the omegas emerge clean, they find brand new morning suits laid out for both of them.  They dress quickly and head down for breakfast with the king.
“Sammy, I’ll never forget Sir Singer hitting the deck when you stampeded your horse through the courtyard.  Poor Becky, the milkmaid, had to jump into the fountain to avoid being trampled.  I think that was the day she finally got over the crush she harbored for you.”  Dean said gleefully.
“I love you.” Dean said pushing Castiel onto his back on the bed.  “Let’s celebrate what you have accomplished and what will come.” Dean said laying on top of Cas.  Dean started sucking a mark on Cas’ neck.
“Yeah well she was swinging a butcher knife in my general direction and threatening to cut my balls off.  You’d be pale too.” Dean countered.
“Cas, I am so proud of you.” Dean said as they walked through the door of their small home.  They had just come from a celebratory dinner with Bobby, Missouri and Sam.  Today, Castiel received his college degree.  “I can’t believe you just graduated from college today and you already have a job.” Dean said, awed by his fiance.
“Well hurry up!” Castiel yelled back, as he put in the movie they were planning to watch.  “And don’t forget the marshmallows this time!” he quickly added.
“Tomorrow morning, my mother, Queen Mary is preparing a banquet in your honor.  My brother, Sam can’t wait to meet you.  My best friend, Charlie, will be one of your omega’s in waiting.”
“You’ve been a busy guy.” Dean remarks as he inspects the treats.  “Fuck, I love me some pie.  Thanks Cas.” Dean adds excited.
“Well Prince Dean of Lawrence, when do we leave?” Castiel says entwining his fingers with the alpha’s.
In tonight’s class, they were  discussing Dracula by Bram Stoker.  Dean and Castiel had read it independently and Castiel had been curious when he heard Dean laughing as he read it.  Castiel hadn’t really found anything comical about it.  At the moment their teacher, Ms. Bradbury, was engaged in a heated argument with one of the other students named Becky.  Becky was a pain to all her fellow classmates.  She likes to argue constantly and claim works were inappropriate. Castiel always wondered what Becky thought the class was when she signed for it.
When they reach the open fields, well outside the city, Dean pulled over.  When Castiel gets out he asks, ‘Dean can you open the trunk?” The omega is confused but does as the alpha asked.
Castiel tries really hard not to broadcast that he’s been a victim of homophobic violence in the past but he loses the battle more often then not.  Benny also strikes Castiel as an intuitive person, so he probably couldn’t hide no matter what.  “Thanks Benny.  I think my first stop will be the bar for something to settle my nerves.”
“Well… well… I think King Castiel is not the only one feeling possessive.” Bobby chuckles as he exits the apartments to stand guard at the door.
“If you keep doing that I am going to leave you here Sammy.  You can walk home and it looks like it is going to rain.” Dean said with a devilish grin.  Sam shut his piehole and left Dean alone after that.
“I’ve had the experience of being in a relationship with just such a man.  He ended up actually cheating though and then tried to make it my fault that he did.  Never again.” Castiel says looking into his empty glass.
As Castiel lays in his hotel room willing his body and mind to relax so he can sleep, he can’t help think about Dean.  How kissable his lips looked and how entrancing his green eyes were.  Castiel groans as he turns over trying to calm himself but to no avail.  He ends up taking himself in hand and stroking himself to completion thinking about green eyes and plush lips being wrapped around his cock.  After that he sleeps like a baby.
“Poor Jo.  I think she has a crush on Sam.” Castiel said, pulling the blanket snugger around them.  The temperature really was dropping.
“You should just quit.  You could do something that would actually make you happy.” Gabriel says, sounding serious, which is rare.
“I never want to sub for the gym teacher again.  Thank you for this.” Dean said as he placed his feet in the hot water.
They rarely got to spend Saturday’s together being lazy like this.  They were usually working or Castiel was studying or both.  Today though a significant snow storm was supposed to hit.  Ellen decided to close down The Roadhouse for safety.  Castiel was caught up with his studies so they were totally free.  He would soon be done with the first semester of his sophomore year.   Castiel had been recently trying to convince Dean that he should further his education, either in college or a trade school.  Dean was still resisting but Castiel thought he might be wearing him down.  Missouri had even been helping by chatting Dean up about it when they visited her.
“He is still very happily engaged to Eileen.  They are getting married in the summer.  They’ve already put a deposit down for the venue.” Dean announced with glee as Becky’s face took on the appearance of a person who had just tasted a very sour lemon.
“I got really drunk once after fighting with my alpha mother.  I was so sick afterwards that I’ve never been able to stomach the idea of drinking alcohol again.” Castiel confided.
Next his soon to be alpha brother in law, Sam, bounced into the room.  His advice to the omega was humorous.  “Now get this, never let my idiot brother win an argument.  You keep him in check, Castiel.  Oh and if you ever need him to do what you want, dangle a pie in front of his face.” Sam said in humor.  Castiel laughed until he almost fell off his bed.
“I’d say that’s normal.  I received a letter from my prick of a brother.  Michael is angry not to be invited.  Truthfully he’s angry King John refused to give him more gold.  I fear the Kingdom of Pontiac will be no more soon.  King Crowley will possess it soon.  I’m thankful King John has given Anna and I permanent exile here.  You found a good family.” Gabriel says, pulling sweets from his pocket.
Castiel smiles.  “You are most welcome.” the king says looking at Sam before turning back to Dean.  “Dean, do you ride?”
"Dean might end up more than you can handle.  He is unlikely to submit in any way.  What will you do if he challenges you in public?" Gabriel queried.
“Always my omega.  I am going to order dinner to be delivered.  What shall I get you?” the alpha asked petting the omega’s cheek.
“I’m getting my gun to shoot that winged rat.  The little fucker shit all over Baby.  It ain’t right Sammy.  Baby’s a lady.” Dean argued.
“Dean in the little time that I have known you, it has been apparent to me that you are quite intelligent and intuitive.  It is my wish that the Royal Tutor, Sir Missouri Mosley attend to both of your educational needs.  She was mine when I was growing up.  Sam, you will go to university, if that is what you desire.  Dean you may further your education as it pleases you and in any direction you want.  I want you both to be happy and fulfilled here.” Castiel says regarding both the omega princes.
Ketch bows his head seemingly contrite as Dean calls a ride for the inebriated man.  Once Ketch is gone and Dean has caught up on his drink orders, he comes back to talk to Cas.  “Sorry about Ketch.  He’s a jerk whether he drunk or sober.  I don’t know how Mick puts up with him.”
There were gasps and whispers from the assembled nobles. They were probably upset that they would no longer be able to thrust their omegas at him hoping for favors.
Castiel continued to ponder how this was even possible.  Then it hit him.  Bumblebee’s adventures outside the house in the evening.  Someone else besides himself must be feeding him.  Castiel appreciated that someone was caring for and looking after his cat but he worried for Bumblebee’s health.  What was he to do?  He had tried multiple things to keep the cat from escaping but he had failed.  Bumblebee was very smart and that led Castiel to another line of thinking.  What if his precious cat was breaking into someone else’s home and stealing their food.  In his mind this was a great possibility.
"Why would you do such a thing?  It could cost you so much to wage such a campaign."  Dean questioned.  Some would think that the omega's questioning of the king's motives impertinent.  Castiel saw it for what it was… intelligence.
"Azazel is a vile alpha.  Lawrence shares a border with your kingdom.  It could be detrimental to your own kingdom, if you allow him to continue." Dean smartly added.
The sky grew even darker and Castiel decided he’d better pack up before he was drenched by the coming rain storm.  His mother would punish him if he ruined his clothes again.  He would also have to be careful not to rip his trousers, when he climbed down the wall.  He’d done that a fortnight ago and his mother had denied him meals for two days.  By the time he was finally allowed to eat he was near fainting.
Dean drives his baby to the Roadhouse.  Ellen the owner is a family friend and will be there if Dean needs backup.  When he walks in, Ellen points to a table in the corner with a grin which Dean finds disconcerting.  Ellen isn’t a smiler.
“Your scent is lovely.  It tells me that you trust me and that you are attracted to me as I am you.  We are compatible.  I will spend every day from here on making you happy, omega mine.” Dean says cupping the omega’s cheek.
“Isn’t it a lovely morning.  Haven’t seen you in quite some time.  Are you enjoying our little community?  Have you made any friends?” Becky questions without much pause for breath.
During summer break, Castiel started tutoring boys in Missouri’s home.  That is when they met nine year old Jack.  Jack had been found wandering on a nearby road.  His mother’s body was found in a nearby motel.  She’d died of an aneurysm.  Jack Kline had no living family on his mother’s side and his father was unknown.  Castiel fell in love with the sweet boy who exclaimed on their first meeting, “I like nougat!” when Castiel gave him a candy bar as a reward.
Dean writes a short message on a piece of paper that includes his name and phone number and gives it to Becky.  He really hopes the guy calls him because they have much to talk about.  Lamia is apparently a big fat cheater.  Dean laughs to himself as he walks to the car just thinking about it.
“Yeah.  Just lost in thought.  I’m ready to go.” Dean responds.  He gets up and follows Bobby but he’s still kind of lost in his head.  He nearly runs into a door before Bobby can get it open for him.  The knight just shakes his head at Dean and mutters “Idgit.” under his breath.
“What was it about?” Dean says as he takes the omega’s hand.  They walk toward the fountain in silence for a moment.
Becky audibly gasped and started to loudly object to everything she could in a single breath.  Charlie looked done, “Ms. Rosen you need to keep your opinions and beliefs to yourself and be civil or I’ll be forced to report you to your advisor, Mr. Edlund.”
That Spring, Dean helped chaperone the Spring dance with Cas.  Crowley ended up hitting on Dean which resulted in Crowley getting a face full of punch.  Jody suspeneded him for sexual harassment for both the Dean incident and what she learned he had said to Castiel earlier in the school year.  Crowley kept to himself after that.
“We were only omegas and of little importance.  we were forbidden to be educated beyond the minimal.  We were to be seen and not heard.” Dean responds sounding forlorn.  The older omega was always yearning for the attention and acceptance of his alpha father.  He never got it.
Dean would find himself stroking his fingers over his mating bite and thanking whatever deity was out there for allowing him to have Castiel.  When the alpha had sunk his teeth into his neck, Dean felt the profound bond they already had light up like lightning running through his body.  When Dean sank his teeth into Castiel’s neck, the alpha had writhed and whined while chanting over and over how he belonged to Dean.  When Castiel’s knot finally went down enough for them to pull apart, Dean had found himself with arms full of a weeping alpha.  Dean was worried at first until the alpha was able to voice that he was just overwhelmed.  The omega had rubbed the alpha’s back until he was calm and fell asleep.
“I will never withhold or lie to you.”  Dean vowed as he led Castiel to the bench among the rose bushes.  “You will be my companion and confidant. I will take no other.”
“I didn’t.” Dean said coming into the living room holding two mugs of hot chocolate and the whole bag of marshmallows.  Castiel couldn’t help but steal a kiss and nip a little at Dean’s lips before taking his mug from Dean.
“I am just glad to have you two here with me.” Castiel remarked taking the sweet the alpha offered him.
Anna came in right after Gabriel.  The beta wasn’t known for saying much because she stayed so lost in her head most of the time.  She wished Castiel well and gave him a drawing she made of Dean and himself.  Castiel hugged and thanked her.
Today Castiel and Dean were getting dressed to attend their son, Jack’s graduation from high school.  Claire was home from college to cheer her brother on.
“Yes.  She is very nice and she promised me the best burger.  Burgers make me very happy.” the alpha says finally lifting his head slightly to look at the omega.
“You need to relax.  Here, breath with me.” Sam insisted as he started demonstrating a breathing technique he had learned in yoga.  Dean had attended one class with Sam.  He’d ended up dating the instructor, Lisa for a while.  She had dumped him for a doctor which Dean was okay with because he wasn’t in love with her.  He did miss hanging out with her son Ben though.
There were two separate bedrooms in the chambers they were given.  When it was time for bed, the two omega princes crawled into one bed together.  Dean held Sam as the younger omega wept until he fell asleep.  Dean was awake for quite some time, watching the fire in the hearth burn down to embers.  He pondered the best and worst case scenarios for his and Sam's futures.
It was now evening, Castiel would be home any minute.  Dean sat on the couch and waited staring at the door.  When the alpha finally walked in the door, he took one look at Dean and dropped everything he was carrying so he could get to the omega.  “Is it serious?” Castiel said in a frightened tone.
He pulls out of the hotel parking lot and heads to the first club on his list called The Devils Trap.  Castiel had done a little research on the place and learned it was run by a couple of brothers named Sam and Dean Winchester.  Sam was a well known attorney who was an advocate for human rights, especially those of the LBGTQIA community.  Dean owned a successful vintage car restoration business which seemed quite successful if the reviews were to be believed.  The Winchester brothers ran the club, it seemed, mostly for fun and there were many pictures on their website with them partying with the guests as well as bartending.  It looked like a fun and safe place which was important to Castiel.  Many years ago Castiel had had a bad experience at a club that didn’t take the patrons safety into account.  He’d spent a week in the hospital after that costly mistake and a year seeing a therapist.
When Castiel entered the store, Benny smiled and waved at him. By the end of his visit, he had a full cart of groceries.  He’d added the ingredients to make chilli, apple pie, and homemade bread.  He also added more treats for Bumblebee, even though he had plenty at home.
“Alright, enough of that.  What are we doing for dinner?  If we are cooking, we’re going to have to go shopping.” Castiel said, turning over on his back.
Sadly all things must come to a end.  This story was a surprise to come out of some random prompts.  I  hope you like the ending.  Drop me a line and let me know what you think.
“I’m stressed about finals and I might have over done it helping Ellen unload deliveries earlier today.  Oh yes… yes… right there… mmmm.” Castiel said in bliss as Dean worked on a stubborn knot.
Dean looked over at the sleeping alpha and smiled.  “Cas, Babe,wakey wakey!” Dean said nudding the alpha.
“Hmm… we could go out to dinner or we could stay home and I could worship my omega.” Castiel said, deepening his voice.
Castiel stared out the window into his backyard.  The bees were buzzing around his newly planted roses.  He wished he could go outside and enjoy it first hand but his newest novel wasn’t going to write itself.  He loved writing but some days he just wanted to set fire to his laptop and run away.
When he walked in he noticed Chuck lurking by the community bulletin board.  The short squirrely guy lived just around the corner from Dean.  He wrote a series of Sci-Fi novels that had a small cult following.  Dean also knew the man had a serious crush on Becky.  He had no clue why because he found Becky annoying and shallow.  Dean noticed there were many new things posted on the cork board that served as their communities catch all message board, he’d have to peruse them later.  Right now he was on a mission to confront Becky.
By the time he arrived home, it looked like a rain storm was brewing.  When he saw his kitchen window open, he sighed.  Bumblebee was off on another adventure.  Castiel just hoped he’d be okay in the coming weather and return home to him.
Castiel makes his way to the bar when he stops suddenly.  Behind the bar is one of the owners, Dean Winchester.  If Castiel thought he was gorgeous in his pictures, he’s so much more in person.  He has a charisma about him that is downright criminal.  Dean is handing a drink to a redheaded woman that has a pride flag in it.  Dean gives her a warm teasing smile before he goes to get a beer from the tap for a guy with a blond mullet.  Castiel takes a deep breath and walks up to the bar.
It just had to be today of all days that Charlie came down with the stomach flu.  Today Crowley was coming to pick up his Mustang.  The guy was a rich asshole who flirted with Dean constantly even though he had made it quite clear that he had no interest in the prick.  Dean would rather go straight to hell than let that hoity toity bastard touch him.
“Damn, it’s so cold Cas!” Dean called from the kitchen of their small one bedroom house that they had been living in for about six months.
Dean found sitting at a dining room table eating dinner unusual.  Of his sixteen years of life he had rarely eaten anywhere other than on the bed of whatever motel their dad had them stashed.  Occasionally when their dad let them stay with their Uncle Bobby they got a taste of what it was like to be normal but those visits were few and far between.
A few years ago, when he lived at the omega-shelter near the church, the pastor let him play the keys every Sunday, and once he realised how excellent Castiel was at the keys, he let him play whenever he wanted to. Often, Castiel would spend his nights in the empty choir room of the church, nimble fingers dancing on the white, ivory keys of the grand piano.
Blue chuckles on the other side, and although he can't see Dean, heat spreads across Dean's face in embarrassment. He fiddles with a fingernail, his words hanging in the air between them.
Castiel recalls, clear as day, the moment he first saw Dean. He'd been ferocious, ruthless, the guns in his hand spitting bullet after bullet as they hit Michael, the owner of the bar Castiel had been working at. Huddled against a corner, praying for his life, Castiel had buried his face in his hands, and he'd heard the bullets get louder, closer, and he'd only wished for one thing. Mercy. But then, a shadow fell upon him, and the gunshot had stopped ringing at once. Curious, Castiel had opened his eyes, trying to back into the wall the moment those livid green eyes met his. And for a moment, when Dean reached his arm out, Castiel thought, this is it, this is the end, but instead, Dean had offered him a hand to pull him up. Buried in Dean's warm, big hands, Castiel found, for the first time in his life, a meaning to his baseless living, and in an instance, a single glance had been shared between them, worth a thousand words, and Dean had taken him home, fed him, and made love to him all night. They'd spent the early morning hours speaking of life and hopes, of aspirations and expectations, and Castiel knew in a single moment, he'd fallen for Dean, irrevocably and irresistibly.
"Because," he starts, his lips trembling, words shaky and hoarse, "-because you're the thing I love the most, Cas."
"Yes, yes, yes, oh Dean, yes, please, don't go, don't go anywhere, stay with me baby, I need you, I need you so much. I can't do this any more. Promise me you won't leave, promise me Dean," Castiel sobs, his hands cupping Dean's jaw as he bounces, his hips faltering as Dean squeezes his hips, mumbling a string of
Inside his room, Castiel doubles over, eyes stinging with tears as he clamps a hand over his mouth, violent tears streaming down his face as he sobs, head falling back against the wall as he sucks in quick, shallow breaths to suppress his sobs, hands wrapped around his stomach.
"Well, at least I don't speak like a truck driver on some abandoned Alabama highway,” Castiel scoffs, dropping his voice lower, and attempting at a drawl as best as he can,
it back onto the shelf before turning back to Dean. His eyes wander over the space above him, pursing his lips as he appears to think about something.
"S'exactly what I plan to do, baby," Dean slurred, and Castiel cried out, gripping the counter harder as Dean fucked two fingers into him. Castiel recoiled and gasped, grinding back on Dean's fingers, a picture of raw sensuality, as Dean grunted to himself and shoved his fingers in deeper so they brushed against Castiel's prostate. The younger man gave a loud, needy whine and arched his back, squeezing the marble under his fingers as he rode Dean's fingers, hips rocking rhythmically as he let out a loud, high-pitched noise, straight out of a pornographic film, and Dean's cock perked with interest.
flooded Castiel's nostrils. His eyes fluttered shut, and he felt himself sway right into Dean's arms. Dean, on the other hand, tightened his arms around Castiel's waist, and nosed at the scent gland at Castiel's neck, a growl rising at the back of his throat.
"I'm alright, Cas. I'm sure whatever it was is over already. We killed her pixie-dust-ass, she's gone. Her spell must be gone too."
, and God, they need to come up with more adjectives in the English language. Dean finds himself nearly speechless.
Castiel shuts up at that, and drops the towel on one of the chairs in his bedroom once they're both dressed. Dean looks clean, fresher than he did a few hours ago. And yet, his eyes are passive as ever. Emotionless. Castiel nods, and simply grabs their dirty clothes and piles them up at the corner of the room. Dean in the meanwhile, changes the sheets, as Castiel fluff up the pillows and grabs a large, warm blanket from the shelf. A glance at the clock show's it's almost five in the morning, and he decides to go into work a little late. Besides, the restaurant doesn't open until noon.
He flings the book onto his bed, slips under the covers and flips the book open, setting it down against his lap as he reads. He hasn't even made it past the first page when a tear falls against the page. Followed by another and another. He shuts the book, flings it across the room in a fit of rage, and buries his face against his pillow.
"Are you going to talk to me?" Castiel asks, running his knuckles down Dean's face in a soothing stroke, disheartened at the sight of Dean's still blurry eyes.
"Feels nice," Dean mumbles, and presses closer to Castiel, who threads his fingers through Dean's hair, massaging his scalp. Dean gives out a relaxed sigh before a mighty yawn has his lips falling open. He feels Castiel staring at him, his round, blue eyes fixed onto Dean's face.
"Indescribable,” he settles on. “-I mean, it was, it was beautiful, Cas, I think listening to this has taken me a step closer to achieving self-actualization."
No one could tell how soon. No one could tell if he'd come back at all. The cost of being part of Crowley's gang, of being one of his best henchmen.
He sucks in a breath and digs the book out of the jam-packed shelf, turning his face away when a puff of dust flows from the book cover. He flips through the browning pages of the book. It's been years since he bought this one. Or did he borrow it from a library and forget to return it? Who knows?
"I'm gonna’ take that as a yes," Dean laughs, and he reaches out to poke his fingers into Castiel's side, which sends Castiel hurling into the door as he recoils with a grin at the tickle.
It isn't a secret Castiel likes Dean. Rather, it isn't a secret Dean likes Castiel either. They're friends, best friends. Confidants, some may say as well. Dean needs Castiel, Castiel needs Dean, their story has been written already. And Dean doesn't find it surprising Castiel feels better around him. Dean feels better around Castiel too.
There's raw, unrefined emotion in Green's voice— undoubtedly from memories he probably does not like recalling. Castiel does blame himself for having insisted Green to sing, but here Green is, his smooth, whiskey voice entrancing Castiel's senses, the flow of his guitar lulling Castiel into a memory he doesn't even recall having.
, body shaking and spasming with every inch of his beastly cock Dean thrusted deeper inside. The hand working at his own cock came to a pause as Castiel felt, after ages of going slow and tender, Dean had given up, and in one final attempt to fuck his giant cock into Castiel's hole, Dean snapped his hips forward.
For hours, as Castiel slept through the carriage ride from London to Somerset, Dean had held him in his arms, watched out for any directions to give to the coachman, and compelled himself to stay awake, despite both of them being exhausted from the air travel. It was Castiel's first-ever trip on an airplane, although Dean had been a few times before already for his work. Pregnancy had rendered Castiel weaker than before, at least when it came to his body. He'd tire sooner than before, and his spine had begun to ache at times. Of course, the omega-medician had advised Castiel to not let it dim his spirits, since his pup was as healthy as could be.
"You didn't answer my question, Dean," Castiel says, and Dean heaves a sigh, before taking a sip of his coffee.
Dean moves into action without another thought, falling to his knees and holding Castiel close. His face is pale and smooth in a strange, content way Dean has never seen before, and yet, he continues to breathe softly when Dean holds his hand up to his face to check. The feel of Castiel's breath on his skin reassures him, and before he can do anything else, he throws his hands around Cas's back and pulls him into a hug.
Dean breathes, and although Castiel knows it's him speaking in his arousal induced haze, he can't help but feel a rush of warmth course through him.
"And so Orpheus, heart-broken and grieving, decided to travel to the land of the dead. To the underworld. To Hades, to bring back Eurydice, because with her death, not one, but two souls had entered into Hades. One being her own, and the other Orpheus's. Or so goes the metaphor."
"My, my, my, what a dirty little slut I've got here. Say, you ever sucked cock, baby? Ever been fucked?"
Knowing Sam is right, although reluctantly, Dean nods. He glances back at Rowena, who lowers her eyes the moment Dean turns to her, before sighing, and walks off into the kitchen. Dean knows he crossed a line. He shouldn't have been so hostile. And even if he was, he shouldn't have used the tone he did. Rowena didn't know the gravity of the situation, so obviously she would never know why it irks Dean so much.
"Baby," Castiel moans, reaching up to press his hand over Dean's jaw, turning his head to the side until they're facing each other. Dean's eyes twinkle with prominent need and want, and Castiel's are no different. He pauses for a moment, simply drinking in the sight of his husband, before diving in for a sloppy, open-mouthed kiss. The air thickens with the sound of their moans and whimpers, as Dean continues to pump his hand around Castiel's cock, jacking him off right there on the floor, in the middle of their new, empty, bare house— but theirs nonetheless.
Dean stood waiting, but his other hand clenched into a fist, and at once, blood poured down Castiel's lips as he felt his insides crunch and crumble, and a loud, agonised wail rang through the empty, bare metal room as he choked on his own blood, the pain never ceasing, until a moment later, when it did.
The next moment, Dean's firm, broad warm arms were sliding around Cas's tiny frame, pulling him closer into a bubble of comfort and relief, and Castiel let himself sob into Dean's shoulder.
"I got you, baby, I got you." Dean mumbles, on and on, between each kiss. The coherent part of him knows they should stop doing this out here in the open— anyone could walk by and see them sucking each other's faces off— but part of him never wants to stop, wants Dean to touch him, everywhere and anywhere, but when he pulls away to breathe, Dean sits up for good.
“But judging from the Britney Spears posters I kept hidden in my room, I’d say my siblings saw it coming.” Blue laughs, and the sound drifts across the wall, shaky and low, sending a shiver down Dean’s spine. A moment later his laugh subdues into silence, until he speaks again, words tinged with bitterness.
The door shuts behind Dean with another soft click, and Dean tilts his head, trying to catch a better glimpse of Castiel, but to no avail. So with heavy, trudging footsteps, Dean crosses over to the edge of the bed and presses his hand over Castiel's shoulder.
"I suppose so." Another chuckle from the man, and Castiel's eyes slip open, as he feels prompted to ask,  "-you moved in two days ago, didn't you?"
It's about ten minutes until the clock strikes four-thirty on the dot. With a content sigh, Castiel steps away, walking over to the large window spanning the outer wall of his apartment, eyes wandering over the stillness before him.
"Boring." Jack blows a raspberry, slumping down on the sofa as Castiel heads into the kitchen to grab a glass of water for him.
Now this fact, although quite endearing, has put Castiel in a rather tight spot since it means Mr. Green is now privy to all aspects of his personality, and not just the one he's been showing for the past, well, two weeks now.
Castiel smiles.  "Yes. I'm a fairly decent cook, and I have some ravioli left. But, I have a condition."
The most amusing part of this pantomime in their life, in Castiel's opinion, has to be the fact that their conversations no longer have to be deep or engaging or meaningful, as he once believed they had to be. For now, they just have to exist.
with the person. A collateral spell usually derives its power from the intended victim, rather than the original power source."
"I asked you why you still live by your father's words. The hurtful ones. Do you think he'd want that?" Dean smiles, walking into his kitchen, phone wedged between his neck and shoulder.
"The kiss of death? What does it do?" Castiel asks, and Dean notices him sitting up, leaning over Dean's shoulder.
"So, Castiel," Dean started. Castiel noted how his hand lingered at the small of Castiel's back even when they were outside. Something inside him fluttered with pride. "-Jimmy Page or Eddie Van Halen?"
"No—" he croaked out, as Dean grinned and cradled Castiel's jaw. He pulled Castiel down, until their faces were mere inches away, and Castiel watched as the last drop of green in Dean's eyes faded into pure black.
Dean compels Castiel to hold his gaze, and a glimmer of defiance flashes in Castiel's eyes, undoubtedly a glint of childish rebellion, before he scoffs, "-That's easy, you said I needed to start forgetting you, so I thought I'd make your job easier by doing it right then and there."
Their hands brush against each other on the table, eyes fixed onto each other, and all Castiel can think of is how he has nothing but an hour— less even— left with Dean. He tries not to let his tears cloud his eyes, especially since he's already admonished himself a few minutes ago. His smile falters on his face, and although it aches to turn down in a frown, Castiel compels himself to keep the smile plastered to his face.
It was unlike Castiel had ever felt before. It was as if he meant nothing to Dean but a hole to fuck and breed, and something about the feral, unhinged way Dean fucked into him, absolutely brutal and ruthless, it only had Castiel leaking from the tip of his soft cock as he slammed his fists against the metal door and let out loud, obscene moans, unable to breathe as Dean's tongue choked him.
Dean feels a wet laugh bubbling out of him, as he buries himself in the warmth of Castiel's body, before pulling away briefly, and before he can succumb to his doubts, he presses his lips to Castiel's, who gives in at once, kissing back with just as much tenderness.
over and over again in varied tones of concern, but Castiel was far from responding to them as he felt his ears ring, felt his heart pound,
Dean doesn't say anything else, and Castiel takes that as an indication to shuffle closer to him, to press against his chest, and absorb the warmth he exudes. Castiel shuts his eyes and allows himself to be held. Dean's arm, long and broad, wraps around his back to settle at his waist, and Castiel sniffles, trying to suppress his sobs.
Castiel's hole is just as exquisite as the rest of his body. Tiny, pink and glistening. It quivers with every breath Castiel takes, and the rim is a gorgeous flesh-coloured ring with a deeper red nestled inside.
He said Lisa wanted it. Said she had seen the other couples share letterman jackets. Said it was a special thing, and Dean had mumbled a
For the past eight months, Dean had learned to ignore how devastatingly handsome Castiel was. The moment the man had stepped into Dean's condo for a house-keeping job, Dean had signed him. Not that he cared for how good Castiel kept his house, but having the man around surely made for some good eye-candy. But to his absolute disappointment, Castiel wouldn't show him a single ounce of reciprocation. Countless times Dean had asked him to stay over for dinner, had let Castiel known that he was interested— with soft brushes on his hand when they were close, buying him flowers or stupid, little bookmarks that he liked to collect— Dean had tried, okay? And he had failed. So for the time being, he let his feelings remain unknown.
Dean's smile widens, and he grabs Castiel by the nape of his neck, pulling him up until Castiel is crawling into Dean's lap, his clothed ass brushing against Dean's cock, "-did you watch it?"
Dean smiled against Castiel's face, and his hands wrapped around Castiel's stomach protectively. Castiel laughed, tilting his head to meet Dean's eyes, "-Hmm. I wonder who it could be. Certainly there is no one prominent who comes to my mind," he teased, and watched as Dean pouted, so endearingly petulant, Castiel couldn't help but grin wider. Absently, his eyes wandered back towards the manor, and he sighed.
He opts for the stairs over the elevator, and jogs down, slipping into the jacket and pulling the hood on to hide his face. The night-duty guard tips his head at Dean, and Dean sends him a brief smile before walking out the back of the building, and into the garden with the jogger's track. Wide expanses of green meet Dean eyes, and a soft wind howls through the bare branches, making them sway back and forth. The grass under him is a bit slippery, so he decides to stroll for a while.
"Dean—" he starts, only to be cut off by another kiss to his shoulder. Dean's fingers slide under his shirt, over his waist as they nudge Castiel back into the bed, and Castiel falls into the mattress, pliant and needy. Dean latches his lips to his neck, settling between his legs, as their hands tangle within each other's with desperation. Dean noses against Castiel's neck, his lips nipping at the sensitive skin at Castiel's neck, before he tugs it between his teeth, and Castiel gasps at the slight twinge of pain, only for Dean to soothe it with another kiss.
"It's not— I mean, it's not— what kind of hospitals have you been to, Green? It's a, a, a strict nurse voice. I have to be strict,” He fumbles, “-But also caring. You know,
"Alpha," Castiel purred, his lips in a soft pout as he watched Dean pull away. He was a strange, and yet absolutely arousing sight— dressed in a rumpled blazer, a disheveled undershirt with the buttons popped off, and absolutely no pants at all. Dean's short, spiky hair had been mussed, undoubtedly from when he ran his fingers through his hair, and his chest glistened with sweat and flushed pink with heat.
"That way, he'll think I'm a bad person, and he won't like me anymore. That way I can stay without any guilt of having left him heartbroken."
"Man, what? This is bullshit," he groans, rubbing a hand over his face as frustration builds in his veins.
Dean wasn't at home anymore. He'd had to leave two days ago for a business trip to New York, which meant Castiel had been left to himself. At first, his heat showing up when he was alone seemed almost perfect. He had the house to himself, and Dean would come back a week later, which meant Castiel's heat would have passed by then.
Dean's voice is wet. It's quiet. And it churns inside Castiel's gut, sending a searing pain right through his chest as he weeps—not cries— weeps against Dean's chest.
With a deep breath, Castiel turns towards the wall, recalling his past experience with the woman who lived next to him. She worked as a theatre actress, and although Castiel had greeted her a few times, he'd never really heard much shuffling or thumping from her side of the wall. Maybe it had to do with the fact that she stayed out for long hours, only returning home at midnight, a time by which Castiel had already left for work.
Somehow, Dean felt absolutely mindless as he grabbed Castiel's ass cheek, and gave it a tight, hard squeeze. Castiel yelped, and Dean let go, only to find a faint red handprint branded onto Castiel's ass.
Castiel turns to Dean, lips quivering as his tears roll down his face, and he slips his arm around Dean's torso to burrow himself within Dean's side.
On the window is a little scrap of chipping paint- Castiel slips his thumb under, fiddling with it as he speaks.
"I've told you this before. You can't change what you did, can you? You regret it, yes, you’ve acknowledged you were wrong, and you're trying to make amends. You're not part of it anymore."
Dean appears to be quite jaunty this morning. Of course, this is no surprise to Castiel, who knows Dean is a naturally buoyant man.
"Afternoon' Cas," Jack says, and walks inside, his violin case held in his hands as he slings his knapsack down onto Castiel's sofa.
I've fooled around plenty, but I’ve always kept myself from a relationship, y'know? I've dreamt, hell,
, and she'd never been the one who watched him live out his human life as a fucking Gas’n’Sip worker.
"And?" Dean whispered, inching closer to Castiel's face. Their eyes met and their gazes fixed, and at once, Dean felt himself give in wholly and utterly into his urges as he parted his lips and fluttered his eyes shut in anticipation.
And it terrifies Dean. It terrifies Dean because he finds himself torn between wanting to shower the young man with every single ounce of affection the universe could allow him to, and wanting to run away, so far away from Castiel that he'd never see him again. What is even more terrifying, is the fact that Dean even considers either option. He only wants Castiel safe. He wants him happy. And part of Dean knows he'll never be able to keep Castiel happy.
His mind is troubled, his thoughts disarrayed; what will Rowena find? Does it have anything to do with their hunt last week? Could it be something else? Could it be his grace? The angels? The demons? What could it possibly—
It was Castiel, one of his few house-keepers. Of course, he had the evening shift, but it ended hours ago. Dean wondered what Castiel was still doing here at Dean's condo, brewing coffee, nonetheless, and Dean's favourite coffee, at that.
He knocks, loud and resounding, the enthusiasm under his skin thrumming as he heaves a breath, bouncing his leg against the wall as his eyes roam the expanse of the accent wallpaper. A few minutes later, the sound of shuffling, accompanied by slight thuds from across the wall float over and a soft, joyous voice greets him.
A silence lulls them both and Castiel blows out a soft, shaky breath before allowing his eyes to flutter open.
"Hey," Dean called out, and Castiel turned to face him, shutting his locker behind with a slam, as Dean shoved his shoulder. Castiel hissed, narrowing his eyes at Dean, who grinned, goofy and playful as always, before stealing the books and binders out of Castiel's hands and holding them in his own.
"Sam, come back, hey, Sammy, we're not–" Dean calls out, but lowers his voice when he notices Castiel wincing, and with a soft sigh, falls back on the bed.
"Eh, I hope so. Anyway, I've been meaning to ask. Is there a good Italian place around?" Castiel smiles.
"Nothing. It's not like you'd care anyway," Castiel says, loud enough for Dean to hear and keep in mind, and with that, he turns on his foot and leans back against the wall.
Dean almost never uses Cas's full name, so it does strike him as a bit odd, but Castiel blames it on the intimacy between them.
Dean grabbed Castiel's ass, and spread it apart, wide enough that Castiel felt the cool wind inside the car kiss his hole, but the chill of the wind was gone in an instance as Dean's finger breached his slick hole. Castiel let out a startled yelp, the intrusion strange and odd inside him in a way he had never felt before, and yet, he wanted to get as much of it as possible. He pushed back against Dean's finger, rocking back on it insistently.
"I have the answers you want," she starts, and Dean gives a soft sigh of relief, "-but," she says, and Dean furrows his eyebrows, "-before I tell you those, I have some questions of my own. For better understanding."
Anger, hurt, sorrow, disappointment— Castiel expected one of these emotions to rise through him. But they didn't. Instead, he felt numb. You know that feeling when you hold a cube of ice in your hand for as long as you can, and for a few seconds it stings, but eventually, your hand is paralysed, you can't move it, you can't lift a single finger, you can't feel another thing— that's how it felt. But instead of holding a single cube, Castiel felt himself being buried in a pit of ice.
"Thanks, sweetheart, it's been quite a while since I sang, or played. Didn't really expect to get back into music for a stranger."
When he had finally got Crowley out of his shop, his cell phone rang.  It was his little brother, Sam.  He needed Dean to give him a ride home from work because he had loaned his car to his fiance, Eileen.  Dean cringed when he thought about what Sam drove.  That plastic monstrosity was an embarrassment to the Winchester name. They had had a long drawn out argument at one of Dean’s backyard barbeques, when Sam had bought the thing.  His little brother had argued that the car was much more economical and better for the environment.  Dean had countered that Baby could eat the plastic piece of shit for dinner.  Sam had called Baby a gas guzzler and Dean had righteously pushed the moose into the pool, clothes and all.
“It is better than anything we’ve ever had.  The best lodgings were always held for alpha nobles in our birth kingdom.  We are overwhelmed by your generosity.”  Dean felt he needed to be open and honest with this man, who was to be his mate.
“I don’t recall inviting you in.” Castiel says with no heat.  Wouldn’t do him any good.  Gabriel will pay no mind and go on annoying Castiel until the end of time.
"You are aware that I care little for finery.  It's nice but not needed.  I am more concerned with the security that King Castiel can provide.  He's already considering going after Azazel in my honor."  Dean sounded like he was defending the alpha.
She was so angry at first but after counseling she settled into the home like she had always been there.  Eighteen months later they were able to legally adopt her as well.  Claire and Jack got along famously.  Claire was a slightly corrupting influence on Jack though.  The prank war they orchestrated against Castiel and Dean resulted in a window needing to be replaced and both of them grounded for two weeks.
Today Castiel decided to try his hand at forced perspective.  He decided to draw the wide landscape that he could see from his leaf covered hiding place.  The cobbled road wound through the land beyond the palace’s walls.  Beyond the walls, was a place Castiel had never been permitted to go.  He’d only be permitted to leave when he was mated to some alpha his parents chose to further their own ambitions.
The carriage ride was quite rough and Castiel knew he would be very sore when they finally arrived at the court of Lawrence.  He sat next to his alpha under the close watch of King John.  They were not officially mated yet and they took an omega’s rights and safety seriously.   Dean just held his hand for which the omega was grateful.  It helped keep him grounded and calmed his nerves.
“Of course, Castiel, if it pleases you.  I find formality trifling, especially if we are to wed and mate.  My father’s court was always so stifling with its rules.  I find the court of Terra, so far, much more to my liking.” Dean responds carefully.
He was heartbroken over leaving Castiel behind.  He’d spent most of everyday with Cas and they had developed quite a bond.  Bobby had promised that Dean could borrow a car to visit as soon as they could get him licensed.  Missouri even offered to bring Castiel to visit at least once in the meantime. Everyone was supportive of their budding relationship.  Castiel and Dean hadn’t voiced it outloud but they considered themselves boyfriends.
“I am writing to Eileen to let her know we are safe.” Sam reponds not taking his attention away from his letter.
Castiel ate on the sofa, using his rickety folding table.  He had a beautiful dining room table but setting at it all alone just made him feel depressed.  Bumblebee finally joined him, sitting in his lap purring.  Castiel soon became so drowsy, the documentary Chasing Coral, could not hold his interest anymore.  He put his dishes in the dishwasher and went through his routine to get ready for bed.
“Maybe a little at first.  Dean will be gentle.  John has spoken with Dean.  It is important you realize Dean is a virgin as well and sought out his father’s counsel this morning.  You have nothing to fear.  Dean will guide you and cherish you.  Don’t fear it.  The bonding is something you’ll never want to forget.” Queen Mary confided.  The words did sooth Castiel’s worries.
“You can’t just start shooting it public Dean.  Secondly, it’s just a pigeon and it won’t take but a little effort to clean your precious car”
“You’re right.  We better get going because I promised Missouri we’d pick her up on the way.” Dean said, grabbing his wallet and keys.
"We don't really have a choice but to trust him. We have no one else to turn to. If we were to be taken by Azazel's knights, we would pray for death.  What I've heard of King Castiel, has been encouraging." Prince Dean said, trying to comfort his little brother.
“He’s going to let me go to university.  I am so excited!  If you weren’t betrothed to him, I might mate him.” Sam decreed.
"Maybe.  I have a tenuous respect for him already and we haven't been here twenty four hours yet." Dean said honestly.  Castiel had impressed him at dinner.  His mind however wouldn't let go of the paranoia that it all might be for show.
“Sweet Castiel, we will approach my father after breakfast.  It shouldn’t take long to prepare for our Mating Day.  Your cousins, Gabriel and Anna are still here.  They can stand as your birth family.  I imagine you would prefer that.  Gabriel can give you away if you are agreeable.” Dean ponders.
“I don’t have anywhere else to go.  My mom threw me out when she found out I was gay.  I broke into an empty house for shelter.  Garth picked me up and brought me here.  I’ll be eighteen in nine months.  Missouri is helping me get my GED.  Hopefully I can get a scholarship to a community college.” Castiel says, never looking up from his work.
Castiel’s dreams have become troubled lately.  A couple times a week he dreams that his father and brother, Luc, come to Lawrence and drag him back to Pontiac.  They lock him away in a cell with no windows.  He has nothing but silence and darkness as company.  He grows old, never to mate or see his beloved Dean again.  Forever alone and unwanted.  When he wakes from these nightmares, the scent of his fear and loneliness permeates his room, until the omega is choking on it.  He usually throws open the window to let his room air out as soon as his heart slows down from beating in terror.  He doesn’t want anyone to know of his nightly terrors for fear they will wish him to talk about it.  The omega refuses to voice these horrid visions for fear they might come true.
Ben sat down on the blanket and began eating the cheese and crackers Dean handed him.  The alpha sat next to Castiel, after checking on Claire in her bundle of pink blankets.  “How are you feeling, Sweetheart?” Dean asked, rubbing the omega’s back.
Gabriel knew they had the resources to pull it off.  He was just worried that there might be unforeseen circumstances for these actions.  They needed to be prepared for whatever came their way.
Dean's last thought before he allowed himself to sleep was just how handsome King Castiel was.  Also, how pleasing the alpha's scent was to him.  Most alphas' scent made Dean nauseous.  Castiel's was comforting.  Like the warm soothing aroma of home.
“Yes.” Castiel smiled as Gabriel took his arm and led him into the great hall.  There at the head of the room stood King John with Mary at his side. Castiel only had eyes for Dean who was dressed in white trimmed in gold.  Castiel felt as though he were floating.  Before his mind caught up, Gabriel had handed him into Dean’s arms.
“Yeah.  She came on pretty strong on the 4th of July.  I think she scared Sam.  The fact that she spent an hour talking about her knife collection, I think intimidated Sam.” Dean said, chuckling.
“You got in.  Burger, curly fries, a beer for you and tea for me.  Why don’t you run a bath while I order.” the alpha suggested.
Dean is sitting and pondering when Bobby is all of a sudden standing right in front of him, scaring him half to death.  “I’m to take you down to the gardens.  The king is waiting to take that walk with you.  Are you alright son?  You look spooked.”
Gabriel gave the king a scathing look.  Gabriel did better at behaving in public now.  Still after a little too much wine, he could revert to his old careless ways.  King Castiel merely laughed at Gabriel's expression as he continued dressing.
The aroma wafting from the morning dining room, makes Dean’s stomach growl audibly.  Sam looks at Dean and laughs.  “Hungry Dean?” the younger omega says with a chuckle.
The omega considers lying but they have both vowed to be truthful.  “My nose hurts.” Castiel whispers.
They sat and ate while watching an omega duck and ducklings swim on the shimmering water.  Castiel brought out a pie he had made and Dean couldn’t help but moan over the offering.  They talked about everything and nothing and before the omega realized it the sun was starting to set.
“It’s going to be fine Cas.” Dean said, pulling the slightly older boy into his arms.  “We’re going to go on dates.  Get to know each other.  You’re going to go to college and be so smart.  I’m going to learn to work on cars with Bobby.  Who knows, maybe one day we can get a place together.” Dean gave words to his dream.
It was such a nice day.  He’d even remembered to set food and water out for Lamia.  He was a yellow striped cat that had started hanging around his place a couple of months ago.  He wasn’t a stray, Dean didn’t believe, but he hung around so much Dean felt gulited into feeding him.  He’d even bought treats and a couple of cat toys for Lamia.  Dean made sure they were hidden whenever anyone came over to his place.  He didn’t want anyone knowing what a softy he actually was.  He’d even gone to the doctor to get prescription allergy meds so he wouldn’t sneeze his head off when he spent the afternoons drinking a beer and petting Lamia.
Dean shines his flashlight into the trunk when it opens and smiles.  There is the blanket and picnic basket the alpha used on the first date the alpha was in charge of.  Instead of a cooler there are two thermoses of hot chocolate.  “Is this why you were late getting ready?” Dean asked, absolutely touched by it all.
Things didn’t start going to shit until he got to his shop.  Charlie had called in sick which meant instead of working on cars, Dean was stuck in the office dealing with customers.  Dean liked owning his own shop but he preferred to be on a crawler underneath the vehicles instead of dealing with the people who actually owned them.  He also loathed computers which is why he hired his best friend, Charlie.  She made computers her bitch and people loved her.  She was quirky and original.  Dean was gruff and aggressively sarcastic which didn’t bode well for his customer service skills.
When they returned from their trip, Castiel was starting a job waiting tables at the Roadhouse.  Ellen, the owner, was a friend of Bobby’s.  Dean was going to be working there part time on the grill after working at Bobby’s shop.  They hoped to save enough money after a while to afford a place together.  It was going to be hard but they were certain they could do it together.
“Yes, I’m fine.  I was just pondering if I had enough colors among my pencils to capture the beauty of my new home.” Castiel answered giving Dean’s hand a reassuring squeeze.
The bath turned out to be just what they needed.  They were now relaxed, cuts and scrapes tended to, and drink and food in their bellies.  They hadn't felt this human since before their father was overthrown by Azazel.  King John always felt the slimy nobleman had played a part in their mother, Queen Mary's, death. It was believed, Azazel had hoped Queen Mary's death would weaken King John.  It had but not as much as the slimy bastard had hoped.  It would take almost another twenty years to get enough support to completely overthrow King John in the coup.
"It could but I will avenge the wrongs done to my mate.  You are going to be my mate in fourteen days.  Your sorrows are mine.  I will get justice for you, I swear it." Castiel didn't know what was coming over him.  His alpha seemed to be already bonding to the omega.
“This is only the beginning, Dean.  One day I want to own a house with you.  A house we’ll grow old together in.  One day I want to adopt a kid or two who are like us, lost and wayward and needing a family.” Castiel confesses.
“Before I make more of a fool of myself, what can I get you to drink?” Dean says, giving Castiel a genuine smile that reaches his eyes.  Castiel feels a chill go up his spine.  A drink is a good idea.  Maybe it’ll calm him a bit.
“Alright love, a few more minutes.” the alpha relents wrapping his arms around his beloved honored omega.
“Yeah.  Sure you can come with.  Make sure you wear clothes that you won’t mind destroying, good shoes, and water because it’s going to be another hot one tomorrow.” Castiel says smiling his best gummy smile.
"You will be my king consort.  I see that as grounds to raise a force to take the kingdom of Lawrence back in your name.  It is rightfully yours and will be again one day if I have my way." Castiel declared for all to hear.
“Thank you.  I can’t wait.” Castiel says as Dean climbs in Baby.  Dean nods because yeah he can’t wait as well.
“I feel the same, Cas.  The only thing I like more than a good burger is an excellent piece of pie.”
Castiel placed his camera in the backseat of Baby while Dean took the driver’s seat.  The alpha was soon sitting up front close to the omega.  Dean leaned over to rub his nose on Castiel’s neck over the scent gland to leave a scent mark.  Usually alpha’s marked their omega’s but Castiel loved and sometimes begged Dean to mark him with scent.  Even though they lived together and slept in the same bed, they had never knotted.  They had brought each other to climax with hands and mouths but nothing more than that.  They had decided that they would wait to knot when they mated.  Dean was starting to yearn to be Castiel’s mate but although they were an unconventional pairing, the omega would wait for the alpha to ask him.
“You can help Sam.  I’m not smart enough to take up your time.” Dean says trying to back out of the room.
The next morning Castiel sat at his breakfast table drinking his coffee and watching Bumblebee sun himself on the window sill.  He observed that his cat looks healthy but more plump.  How was that possible?  Castiel had been following the vets guidelines religiously.  He would admit he gave more treats than was advised but not that much more.
"Thank you Charlie.  In private, just call us Sam and Dean and curtsies are not necessary.  We need clothing that is adequate to be in the presence of the King Castiel. We only have the clothes we are wearing." Dean informed the maid.
“Damn man…” the omega says pulling the alpha against his chest.  “I love you.” Dean says before kissing the alpha stupid.
Dean and Castiel married during his first Christmas break and spent their honeymoon in a cabin in the mountains.  The cabin belonged to a friend of Bobby’s named Rufus.  Dean had entertained his new husband with the story of how Bobby and Rufus had argued over a poker game once and Bobby ended up shooting Rufus with rock salt.
"We are safer here than in Lawrence.  Azazel wanted me dead and for you to be his mate.  Neither of those scenarios would be pleasurable for either of us.  You would have rather been dead than mated to that yellow-eyed demon."  Dean stated bluntly.
When the woman herself looked up at Dean’s approaching footsteps, she had that creepy smile of hers turned all the way up.  God he hated how cheery she could be.  “Dean Winchester, how is that brother of yours?” she said hopeful.
He decided to go and post the notice at the HOA office right away.  It was early and if he was lucky, maybe Becky wouldn’t be there. She made him very uncomfortable.  The first time he’d met her, she overwhelmed him with a barrage of personal questions.  They were subjects he wouldn’t even discuss with Gabriel.  He had made up the need to get to an appointment in order to flee the place like it was on fire.
Dean was a mated omega.  It still made his heart race when he thought about it.  Dean and Castiel had mated on the alpha’s birthday a little over a month ago.  Castiel may not have acted like a typical alpha but he knotted like one.  Castiel was an awesome bedmate.  The alpha treated Dean like a treasure and at the same time gave Dean such erotic pleasure that the omega appeared more bow legged the day after.  Sam had laughed at Dean.  The omega flipped off his little brother, called Sam a bitch, then snuggled into his alpha who defended him by lecturing Sam on decorum.
“I prefer to keep to myself and the community is lovely.  I’m here to post this flyer and be on my way.  I have a busy day ahead of me.” Castiel lies.
Castiel parks his jeep as close to a street light as he can and then heads toward the sound of a heavy base floating from the club’s open door.  When Castel is a few yards away a big bear of a man comes out the door hauling another man out by his shirt collar.  “Gordon you’ve been told you’re not welcome.  Don’t make Dean have to call Jody.” the bear said in a cajun accent.
Dean had accepted that their dad, John had left them for good this time.  The night before John had abandoned them, Dean had heard him talking on the phone.  Apparently on one of John’s ‘business trips’ he’d picked up a girlfriend.  Dean had heard enough to know she was pregnant.  John had abandoned them for a new family with a woman that didn’t want to raise someone else's kids.
Castiel is just about to rise to start his morning absolutions when the door of his bedchamber is kicked open by his smiling alpha.  “Happy Name Day omegamine!” Dean yells loud enough to wake the entire castle.
"Nice rooms.  This is much nicer than that cramped apartment your father made you two share." Bobby said as a way of greeting.
That June, Bobby announced he was retiring and giving his business to Dean.  Dean was at first overwhelmed with the idea of being a business owner but he became a natural.  Castiel was so proud.  They bought a three bedroom two bathroom house in July and were settled in by the time school started back.
“Pay no attention to them.  They are just distracted by your beauty and strength.  As am I.  You need not address me so formally either.  I long to hear you say my given name, my Dean.”  King Castiel said smiling warmly at the omega.
“Yeah.  Class got cut short.  Gabriel was trying to teach the class to make creme brulee.  Kevin managed to set fire to his apron and a stack of napkins.  No one was hurt but the classroom was a mess and Kevin was freaked out.” Castiel said, sitting down his camera and shucking off his trusty trenchcoat.
“It’s a warm day.” the alpha said, leading the omega toward the lake that sat at the center of the park.
When was the last time Dean allowed himself to indulge in his attraction to men? Forget about men, shit, he doesn't even remember the last time he dropped by a bar, had a few beers, chatted up some woman, and then went home, leaving her hanging as he did in his early thirties before the war. Dean remembers a few women at the camp, and the nights they'd spent together, he also remembers a few men at the camp, and how he'd only gone to third base with them in the late hours of the night on their days off.
Right as he reached for the railing of the staircase, a soft creak pierced through the silence of the manor.
"Wanna' clean it up for me?" Dean asks, a smirk playing at his lips, and although Castiel is still riding the high of his orgasm, panting against Dean's chest with his eyes narrowed in exhaustion, he somehow manages to send Dean a glare.
"I'm sorry, I'm not following," Dean admits and narrows his eyes at Rowena, who nods, taking a deep breath before speaking up again. This time, her voice is more animated.
There's something so oddly affectionate and mischievous about Blue's voice, something so childish, and it tugs at something deep inside Dean's chest.
of Dean's behaviour, but he had lived by Dean's side, had watched how he'd lost his faith— no, how he'd realigned it. Castiel wouldn't question it anymore, because if he did, he realised he would not only spoil his own joy, but also Dean's. And he never wanted to upset Dean.
Castiel's eyes snapped open at once, and before him, dressed in a tight, dark-green coloured space-suit was Dean. His green eyes studied Castiel with a strange, inscrutable expression, one Castiel knew held pity and pride, but even so, Castiel couldn't find it in himself to believe his own eyes.
"Like... What it means to move on in life. What it means to let go. What it means to love again. And have your heart broken again." Green laughs, and Castiel senses a bitterness tinging his voice.
"Naw, naw, you're getting me wrong, buddy. I'm not ashamed of it." Dean lets go of the few peanuts in his hand, drops them back into the bowl as he speaks. "
Castiel deserves blue skies, palm trees, sunsets and walks on the beach. He deserves hot chocolates, and snowflakes and someone to hold him tight when the first snow of winter descends upon them. He deserves picnic baskets, roses, and sweet, gentle kisses.
"Oh, you could come over if you—" Blue starts, only to stop himself. “-Nope, our bizarre agreement, right, no seeing each other. Mr.Green, that doesn't even make any sense."
Castiel's eyes widened with realisation as he felt Dean's tongue prodding at his tight, little hole, and once loose enough, Dean pulled his fingers back, pulling Castiel's hole open so he could spear his tongue inside.
At once, Dean blinks aimlessly, slumping back into his chair, pulling his shoulders in, not wanting to be seen by Rowena and Sam's inquisitive eyes, wanting to hide away from the world. No, no, no, what he shares with Castiel is not some random, one-time tryst, what Dean shares with Castiel, it's inexplicable, it's irrevocable, it's exceptional, it's– it's–
Dean pauses, and his gaze drifts over the mundane items in his room. His heart, however, races, his thoughts ablaze, questions popping up on every nook and cranny of his mind.
With that, Dean disappears behind the open trunk of the car, and Castiel, following Dean's instructions, slips inside the car, finding it surprisingly spacious. The seats are leather, and the heater in the car has warmed the interior enough for Castiel to bask in the heat, a sharp contrast to the cold outside.
. He folds the paper in half and holds it in his hand as he walks out and shuts the door behind him. With his heart in his throat, for although he knows Green and has been talking to him for quite a while now, they haven't quite delved into the
The man behind the wall. Someone he's never met before, someone he doesn't know, someone whose only identity is his voice—mand yet, there's something simmering between them, a certain pull that Castiel finds himself drawn by.
"I don't need to learn anything. I can sense what you want, what you like, what you don't. My grace guides me to realise what your soul needs," Castiel whispers between a frantic kiss, before the wet smacking of lips resumes its noise in the air, and Dean watches as Castiel pulls away, and crawls backward into the covers, settling himself between Dean's spread legs. He isn't erect yet, courtesy of years of self-control, but he's aroused,
, this pierces something deep inside Castiel, and the pain in his heart dissipates into anger, as he locks his jaw and glares at the wall.
"Please—" Castiel gasped, and Dean pulled his fingers out of his hole. They were slick with spit, but he couldn't be less bothered as he pushed himself up to his feet and stood towering over Castiel, who was still bent over the counter like a whore, his hole gaping and swollen, ready to swallow anything that slid into it.
A shaky gasp slips past Castiel's lips.  "I wish I could. But I have a life here, Dean. You, you still have the time to make changes, if you just think over it."
He doesn't know what it is— this spark flittering between them. Or at least he tries to tell himself he doesn't. But somewhere in a distant corner of his mind, he knows what it is, knows what it means when his veins thrum with excitement when Dean knocks at the wall, or what it means when his heart drops the days Dean doesn't feel like talking much, or why his chest heaves with unease on nights when Dean wakes from his nightmares, calling for Castiel from across the room.
Leaning down onto the bed, he moves forward until he's falling into Castiel's arms. A glance up at Castiel shows him Castiel has shut his eyes already, but he squeezes Dean in his arms before rolling them over until they're on their sides, Dean buried in Castiel's arms.
"Sure. Oh, and by the way, you should go check out the dude next door. Voice sounded hot." Jack winks, and Castiel glares at him, an amused glint in his eyes as he turns Jack around and nudges him towards the door.
Jack laughs at Castiel's comical expression, shrugging with a shameless grin on his face. "But, for real, Cas, you haven't dated anyone in years, and I've had a girlfriend
Both his catboy and him groaned out, and Castiel curved his back, his cute, black ears twitching when Dean fucked into him. He pulled his cock out inch by inch, only to plunge it deeper, and Castiel rocked against the desk with each thrust. With his black skirt fallen open and his panties pooling at his ankles, he couldn't be more arousing. Paired with his tiny mewls and whimpers, he was someone straight out of Dean's wet dreams.
“What makes you think I’m not hurt, huh? That I didn’t try to do everything I could about this? If I could stay, I would stay. Castiel, if I had to choose between you and everything else, you know I’d always choose you. You know damn well, what I feel,” Dean pauses, “-what’s between us. And it’s pathetic, that we both know what we want, what we need, but neither of us are making a damn effort to get it.”
Grabbing a glass of water, Jack shrugs before pressing it to his lips.  "Just get Tinder. Or Grindr."
"One day, it's going to be the most gorgeous hotel you've ever seen. And guess who's going to be responsible for that?"
"She is, isn't she," Castiel sighed under his breath, and plucked his books and binders out of Dean's hands, while Dean still stood frozen, rooted to the ground, mouth hung agape and eyes bulging out of their sockets. He wasn't the only one enchanted by Lisa though, the other boys were too. And had Castiel been attracted to women, he would be too. She was simply put, gorgeous.
