“She wanted to go to the bathroom. The ones at the supermarket were closed.” Sam nods and asks nothing else, which is something Cas is glad for.
They slip their rings on each other’s hands and then they lace them together.
“I’ll give my powers to Amara. She’ll find a new darkness.” Cas raises a brow, concerned. Before he can say anything, however, Jack talks again. “I’ll keep my original powers, you know? The cool ones? But… father, I don’t want to keep on going like this, with all this knowledge and responsibilities. I’m a kid, I’m not made for this.”
“Of course. Did you?” he doesn’t want to talk about the guilt, the regret, the pain, sadness, everything that’s wrong, everything that’s going on inside his head right now because he knows Dean has enough shit on him to deal with his right now. Maybe he’ll get a therapist, one that doesn’t run off scared when he mentions the angels and the end of the world.
, he’s still marveled by it, especially while being this close.
He keeps on reading —a family fair in October, a Halloween festival, a camping trip in September, more boring shit, a Christmas festival—, and saves Castiel’s number.
“So, I think I’ll be going now, I want to make sure everything’s there.” Meg rolls her eyes playfully and leaves her mug at the sink.
He reads the card once again and notices the small arrow on one of the corners so he turns it around.
“I love you, but I seriously gotta pee.” Cas laughs loudly as Dean stumbles out of the bed, the sheets tangled on his legs, bringing him to the floor with a dry sound. He stands up and pulls his pants up, taking a sweatshirt on the way, and disappears behind the door on his way to the bathroom.
“I saw you last Friday on TV, Good Morning America? You make an amazing Frankie Valli, by the way.” Dean’s lips quiver, but they don’t give out anymore; still, Cas is pretty satisfied by this.
They finish everything up by three in the morning. Jack fell asleep after Cas put the cherry pie in the oven, and Claire is now yawning uncontrollably. Sam looks tired too, but stays to help Cas clean everything up. They say their goodbyes before returning to Eileen, and Cas tiredly closes the door behind him. Dean is still fast asleep, and remains that way after Cas slips back in the bed carefully, the spell still working.
Then, as his body begins to come back to life, he can feel Dean’s arms wrapped around him, particularly his waist or hips —and he is amazed by the self-control he has earned and still has to not react in any way to this, because he now requires a lot more—, or his very own legs tangled with Dean’s.
He stops, why is he doing this to himself?
Look out for the paragraph after Dean talks about how he landed his actual job.
"So, what do you say to our vacations on the beach?" Dean asked, drumming his hands on Cas's thigh. Sam groaned and nodded, an arm surrounding Eileen protectively. "We can call Jack, right? Oh, and Charlie, she would love to take a break with Stevie."
“I never asked if you have a car, I just took you in mine, God, I’m so sorry.” He scratches his neck, nervous, and Cas has the urge to laugh at how adorable that is.
“Oh, no, no, thank you.” He turns around and hits his hip with the wall, then he pretends nothing happened while hearing a soft chuckle from Dean.
The bell rings, and Dean’s hands begin to sweat. Jack’s class is the first one to come out. A girl with brown hair tied up in a ponytail, wearing a pale-yellow dress, runs towards Benny. He twirls her around and kisses her cheek.
He lost him, truly lost him. He lost his kid, too, in a way. He's mad at everyone, he's mad at himself.
After explaining everything and telling him she was scared and feeling the contractions, Dean let her take the bed so she could sleep. He called Sam immediately, not being able to stop the tears coming from his eyes, he was about to become a father, for God’s sake.
“Don’t believe you. Was it a single mom?” Dean shakes his head again, not wanting to have this conversation.
It’s kinda funny, he’s been doing this for eight years and it still feels like the first time he got inside a classroom when he was twenty-two. Making a checklist is something he picked up from his student days, and it helps him remember everything he needs to.
“Why did she run?” they ask, trying to keep their humor up. Cas passes a bag of groceries to him and dismisses it with the hand he just freed.
And everything is so peaceful, so joyful, so domestic and familiar, that Cas has a hard time holding back his tears.
“Yeah, I ran out of cherries and apples.” He dries his hands with a rag and walks over at Cas. “Okay, two cans of cherries and a pound of apples, got it?” he’s taking Cas by the waist, which makes him dizzy, but nods nonetheless, trying to scribble a mental note about it. Dean kisses his nose and Cas smiles widely. Soon, he’s filled with more requests for ingredients of personal treats.
“Yes, we are. Is your uncle Sam up yet?” Jack nods, having heard Sam coming back from his morning jog a few minutes earlier. “Why don’t you go help him while I wake up daddy, huh?” the kid nods and runs all the way to the kitchen, where Sam greets him.
They make their way there in silence, enough words being already spoken, but something else is different: for the first time, after brushing them and longing for it, their hands are clasped together, their fingers intertwined in a firm grip that reminds them to never let go of one another, a thing they shouldn't have done in the first place.
If Dean has to Google what the last thing is he won’t tell anyone. But what is that for? He didn’t know there were flowers that meant hatred or such.
she slows down, even if Cas can understand her perfectly —how couldn’t he if he helped creating it in the first place?—.
It’s only twelve minutes from the rather quiet neighborhood to the elementary school. Sam chuckles when he sees his brother trying to keep himself from crying, but he can’t blame him, he’s also about to tear up. Had it really been six years since he called him crying in the middle of the night because Kelly was about to give birth and he didn’t know what to do?
Then, it was time to talk about feelings, Dean's least favorite part of pretty much everything. Luckily —Dean still didn't know if good or bad—, Cas still had little to no consideration, so when Sam asked what was his happiness, Cas didn't even hesitate.
“Me too…” the weight of the world on his shoulders is lifted off. His heart no longer feels agonizingly heavy with bottled up emotions, but now it is rather filled with sadness, anger, and impotence. “Me too.”
Dean comes back a few minutes later, a tray with their orders between his hands, and Jack —finally— stops bouncing on his seat.
"Excuse me," Dean tightened his grip on Cas's hand. Here we go. "Some of our clients are uncomfortable, so I have to ask you to either stop doing that or…"
“It’s okay. Thank you for staying the whole week, I’m sure Eileen will rip apart my head when we meet again.” Sam lets out a light laugh and stands up. “Are you staying for breakfast?” Dean asks, buttoning his jeans.
“Ah, yes, Jack. They’re my favorite food.” That’s a lie, pizza is his favorite. For a second, it seems like Jack knows this too, his shiny blue eyes staring at him, his head tilting slightly before he nods and closes the box.
“I thought it was impossible, you know? To get pregnant? At least for me.” Cas opens his eyes wide, wanting to cover his mouth in amazement and happiness.
Dean isn’t a morning person, but this specific day is worth getting up at six am. He plays some music as he showers, singing softly so he doesn’t wake up his child, and then makes his way back to his bedroom where Sam waits for him.
“Kiddo, did you sleep well?” he asks, crouching down so he can hug him. Jack nods on his shoulder, then steps back.
The first kid to come is Elizabeth Laffite, the daughter of recognized chef Benny Laffite, who only tears up a little before hugging her had tightly.
“May I order for you?” after Cas nods, Dean turns to his son; “why don’t you take Castiel over to your favorite place, huh? I’ll be there in no time.” He points finger guns at Jack, who points them back and grabs Castiel’s hand, pretty much dragging him towards one of the three booths that are located inside the child’s area.
—Bullying
He groans in pain,
“That’s the only hug you’ll get from me until your birthday… or Christmas.”
Dean furrows his brow, what is this for anyway? He has to question Cas. He follows Eileen to the kitchen, only to find it empty, but now there are two flowers on top of the counter. One is a rose in a pretty shade of violet, and another one that seems violent to him, with pink petals and a big, white center.
“Well, Mr. Novak? Would you join us for lunch?” he asks. Cas opens and closes his mouth like a fish.
and it feels good.
Dean gets out of the bathroom, still looking for more flowers. Just as he’s about to turn to make his way to the kitchen, Eileen walks out of her and Sam’s room with another flower. It’s a white, open one, with yellow thingys —he never really cared enough about Biology to learn how they’re called— in the middle. She walks past him after she gently pushes it against his chest and makes her way to the kitchen.
Since I'm FINALLY off school, I am planning on posting here more regularly. Let's say, once a week? That'll do. Although, since right now I'm sick with miss rona (I'm okay, don't worry) I might update another time this week.
at a Broadway charity gala, Amara Shurley, one of the most recognized faces in the casting industry, came to him and asked if he was interested in joining an ongoing Broadway musical after his Off-Broadway one closed. Ever since then, two months prior, they became good friends.
And when Cas —finally— lifted his arms to hug him back, God, he still couldn't believe it.
“Told ya.” His grin turns into a smirk that disappears when he bites his food.
“Are we still doing tomorrow’s plans for daddy’s birthday?” he asks in a whisper, and Cas just has to ruffle his bright hair before answering.
His phone vibrates and he takes it out, finding a new message on the teacher’s group chat.
Dean groans, his back complaining as he sits up. He shouldn’t be doing that now, staying up so late for whatever reason, he just can’t afford to do it now.
Dean and Cas were wearing a matching set of plaid green pajamas and silly little Christmas hats that Charlie and Meg secured with bobby pins; Sam and Eileen wore the cheesiest matching sweaters, while Meg wore dollar store horns decorated with lights, a look Crowley wanted to copy but decided it was better for his well being if he didn’t do it.
The day goes by fast between food, more hugs, and gifts. Jack and Claire give themselves the task of distracting Dean upstairs until the party is set.
After he throws away the bag, he sighs with relief, then turns around, opens the door, and walks inside again. He smiles at Eileen, knowingly, and goes in search of something to do.
“As long as you’re not still a piece of shit who wants to torture my ass,” Meg says, annoyed, moving on her wheelchair. After the Shadow left her body, it took various things from her, such as her ability to sense her legs and some others she thanked, like some of her memories.
He comes out to the hall and stops, watching Eileen with interest; she’s wearing frog-themed pajama pants, pink slippers, and one of Sam’s band T-shirts. She looks at him the same way, since he’s wearing his Batman-themed pajama pants —which Dean gave him as a present for Christmas a couple of days before— and Dean’s favorite Led Zeppelin T-shirt. She smiles at him and he returns the gesture. As they are side to side on the hallway, they high-five each other, having successfully achieved the goal they talked about a week after he came back.
“He’s very polite.” Dean chuckles. “I’m Dean Winchester.” The teacher raises a brow, probably recognizing him, and offers his hand.
He feels tiny little paws on his back and he reaches back to let the dog lick his hand.
Dean does as he’s told, realizing now that his bladder is full. After doing his routine more excitedly than ever, he searches the room for more flowers. And he sees another when he puts the toilet seat down. He laughs as he scans the yellow rose and the other tiny one on his hands, maybe this is Eileen tricking him into putting the toilet seat down.
“Oh, no, it actually broke down this morning, my roommate drove me to school, it’s okay.” Dean begins driving and turns on the radio at a soft volume. “Thanks for worrying, anyway.” Cas smiles.
he’s avoiding with workmates, but his reasons are good —that is, if he can find any.
His knees give up again and he hits the dirt. They crack, but he’s too focused on his misery to give them a second thought. He can’t stop screaming his name, searching for him, closing his eyes as he tries to find their profound bound to lead him to the angel.
As they begin to eat, Cas has to bite his tongue to choke the sinful moan that wanted to leave his throat, the burger being the best he’s had ever since his trip to Ohio to visit his brother Gabe two years back. It’s juicy, fatty, and full of cheese, the bun almost sweet and the special mayonnaise complement it; sure, there are onion and lettuce —no tomato, Dean remembered he hates tomato and Cas doesn’t know how to feel about this—, but they don’t star there. Meg is gonna kill him for breaking his diet and for doing it without her.
“Dean! Come over here!” calls Charlie, an overly enthusiastic redhead who has become his best friend in the industry ever since they met three years prior during a tryout. He greets her with a kiss on the cheek and checks the script. “Let’s rehearse it one more time.” Dean nods and Charlie begins acting.
After Dean kisses him with gratitude, he excuses himself and runs towards the bathroom. He moves the handle a couple of times and Eileen opens, sighing in relief.
But this is not important, oh no, it’s not. What’s important is that Dean lost track of Cas a few minutes after they danced together to their song, the incredible
taking his place,” Amara says, and Jack nods in agreement. “We came to the conclusion that I could exchange my power with someone else to take in the… huh, light.” Even if she’s now part of the family, she feels like an outsider. “Meg, Crowley… would you mind sharing the darkness?” Crowley’s spoon falls from his mouth and Meg just stares at her.
A few moments later, when Cas is grabbing two bottles of red wine, Eileen comes back, four boxes that vary in size and color filling her hands.
“I’ll meet you as soon as we’re done, okay?”
He almost fell when he reached Baby, his hands shaking in anticipation so much he couldn't even hold the damn keys to unlock the car.
Cas stands from the floor instantly and rushes to Eileen's side, who gives him two of the tests.
He grabs his sweater, his bag, and the few drawings some kids have already given him —which will obviously go with him but it will stay inside a drawer because, as much as he loves his kids, they’re not the greatest artists, but they made it with love so they won’t go to the trash can—. He checks everything before closing the door and heading to the principal’s office, where he finds Balthazar yet again, and another woman.
Still, this is Cas, Cas who put together all of this for him and only
“His name is Kevin!” Jack announces after making a confused face. Cas raises a brow,
Dean snorts and accepts the full bouquet, bringing Cas in for a passionate and sweet kiss, his tears falling down, his heart about to burst with happiness and love.
“You don’t have to lie to me now, Cas.” Dean swallows, his Adam’s apple going up and down, and Cas has to stop himself from following it. But he fails and decides that kissing it will offer a distraction from serious topics. Dean groans and falls back in the bed. “Don’t. We need to get serious today. It’s been more than a month since you came back, Cas.” Dean puts his hands on his shoulders, putting some space between them.
“Fine. See you there, Clarence.” Cas groans at the nickname but smiles anyway when Meg bends down and presses a kiss on his forehead, painting her red lips on it. She runs upstairs to do whatever Meg does —after years, he has learned to don’t ask what she’s doing or
“Did you sleep well?” his voice is hoarse, raw, and his throat feels like sandpaper, but he doesn’t say it out loud, he doesn’t want to drink water and break the magical moment. Dean’s smile spreads wider as he sighs, his thumb circling in his skin, and then he nods.
"You do?" he asked, not quite believing his ears. Dean nodded, and Cas let out a little laugh, a relief one. "Oh, that's good, that's great." He held Dean's face the same way the Winchester was doing so, and it felt so good to finally do it, to finally give in to happiness.
“Hey there! How old are you?” she raises a full hand and a finger. Dean gasps exaggeratedly. “Wow! You’re a grown-up!” he smiles at the kid and turns to see Jack getting out of the classroom completely calm, which means he’s last. Dean says goodbye to Benny and walks over at his son, whose hands and laced together. Dean smiles, he got that from Kelly.
“Happy New Year, thank you for what you did this year!” Cas says when the clerk, who can’t be over twenty, hands him his change and ticket. His eyes light up.
"It's all good now, Dean. You can let it go." And he screamed. He screamed in pain, in sadness, in anger, in every single emotion he had been bottling up for the past month. He knew Sam was worried and tried to peek into his face to see if he was hurt, so he buried his face on Jack's chest, muffling the anguishing screams he let go from time to time.
“I told you I’ll get help,” Cas mutters. Dean sighs and brings Cas in for a hug, putting his face on his chest, running a soothing hand through hair that once was black, now brown from age and stress.
"Dammit, Cas, let me finish." He wasn't mad, he even laughed, he was so damn happy and nothing could ruin that moment. "I didn't have enough time; you threw me across the room before I could tell you… that I… I, I love you." That was harder to say than he expected. He could hear Cas's heart, could feel it so close to his.
He smiles, Jack absolutely loves his uncle, his only uncle. And aunt Eileen, God, how does he dare to forget Eileen?
And Dean, what could be so special for Dean? He gave him his grace, the small amount of angel grace he still had after Jack had to take most of it to get him out of the Empty. It was inside a small, slim jar with a cork firmly sealing it in, and it was wrapped in a strip of leather to form a necklace. That, alongside a new journal —because,
“You’ll be the best mother, Eileen. Congratulations.” He whispers once she’s away from him.
“Oh, hello there, I don’t think we have met yet,” he reaches out and Cas shakes his hand. “Balthazar, fifth grade.”
Cas loves him, and he’s gone. And Dean is there, but he can’t tell him he loves him back.
He takes out his phone to look at the hour. Ten AM, they still have a hell lot of time ahead before they gather; so he stands up and gets inside the kitchen, watching everyone move around while trying not to bump each other or knock over the various mixtures that are already ready.
“Yeah, thanks… I’m still new, you know? In this show, just a week, and I have to go to rehearsal almost every morning because Chuck Shurley is stepping down as Tommy and Mick Davies is taking his place…”
That had been the crinkle earlier, the back of Dean’s mind registered. He said nothing though, intent on his task. Castiel released Dean’s jaw so that he could hold the foil between his teeth and use both hands to undo his straining pants. Dean made quick work of the button and zipper that were holding back Castiel’s cock.
Dean let out a slow, measured huff of air from his lips.
He didn’t have time to flail, his boots leaving the floor in a dizzying
Finals week was progressing much, much better than Dean had ever dreamed it could. Though, in all honesty, it had less to do with the finals themselves and more to do with the fact that Castiel had very little work to do all week, so they’d found perfectly reasonable excuses for him to stay over almost every night.
“What do we do?” Sam asks, already straighter with purpose.
saying. So, they came out with surprising ease, and Dean made sure to memorize the feel of them falling from his tongue so that he’d never avoid saying them in future.
But it’d be worth it. Now, he just had to call Castiel.
“Yeah, no worries,” Dean answered with a shrug. “Ached a bit, but no reason to be concerned.”
His name was Earl, and he had a wispy comb-over and one unpleasantly dirty-looking fake eye that had peered fractionally to the left the whole time “Robert Plant” had checked in at the desk. Earl had shown no surprise at the name. Dean was certain he was used to fake names.
“Oh,” Claire said, with a cruel wink as she headed back to the register, “the men too.”
It was a look that had one of Dean’s knees give an involuntary twitch, begging him to hit the floor. Instead, Dean leaned forward onto the counter with the heels of his hands, giving Castiel a wink.
“Well, you’re in luck,” Bobby said. He looked across to Rufus and they exchanged smiles, both nodding proudly. “We’ve got one of the finest contractors in the state, I’d wager, right here in Bellbird Valley.”
Two hours later, Castiel was the kind of drunk that should be reserved for…well, situations like this. Meg was asleep, drooling slightly on Castiel’s couch pillow, and Castiel was slumped down, lost in pathetic thoughts as he watched the ceiling fan spin.
“Gabriel did that once, almost,” Dean said. “He tell you about that?”
Delirious at the sensation, Dean became pliant and soft on the bench. The only solid part of him left was the hot bar of his leaking cock jammed between his stomach and the padding.
Castiel fixed Dean with one of his tiny smiles and peeled the shirt up over Dean’s head in short order. Castiel’s own clothing started to follow, leaving a messy trail from the writing desk to the bed. When the back of Dean’s knees hit the edge of the heavy, down-stuffed mattress, Castiel met his eyes again, silently requesting before he guided them any further.
Coming up behind Claire with a white towel over her shoulder, Kaia gave Castiel a little wink. “It’s one of the languages of love.”
Thank goodness, the concessions stand queue that they were both standing in chose that moment to move, and they shuffled up to the desk to put in orders for popcorn and, in Gabriel’s case, a ridiculous amount of candy.
like MEG. He’d have tried to play it cool, of course, because that was full nerd territory.
Dean could feel his blood pressure rising.
From the outside, Brock Pleasure Ranch looked like just another Nevada brothel. Legal, certified, full of bouncing curls and fake smiles and a stereotypical amount of daddy issues. That part of the business was none of Dean’s—he had no problem with that. But this, this was the back entrance. Dean had yet to see a single smile or curl here.
Dean read Castiel’s letter over and over in the firelight, making small talk with a couple of other officers who held in hand missives of their own. One from a wife, one from a girl the man hoped to make so upon his return. None of them, of course, from their steward. One did not, as a rule, reread letters from their staff with such tender affection, Dean realized.
Most classes were still in session, so the corridor that bisected Engineering Hall was pretty empty, and Dean stomped unimpeded down it to the nearest bathroom. It too, thank God, was empty.
Dean felt his earlier panic race back, filling his lungs like the sludge had and making his heart thump. “
“Then what?” he asked, his words muffled as his lips shifted across Dean’s palm.
“Just because I like listening to the music that I remember from high school doesn’t mean I can’t appreciate older songs. Or even something from this actual decade,” Castiel responded with a teasing glance. “Unlike some people.”
Castiel reached out a hand to take the water bottle from Dean and put it on the floor. “On your front again, then,” he instructed.
“Oh?” Dean asked, tilting his head further into the pillow, opening up more to Castiel’s lips.
Different Loving’s rules stated that new members had to attend at least two munches—non-sexual social events, essentially—to get to know some of the active members before they were allowed into the club itself to play. Dean had
There was a momentary scuffling noise as the hapless sheriff handed the phone back to Claire.
Laughing at him, Castiel shook his head and snapped off another piece. “You are so spoiled,” he teased, before slipping the square onto Dean’s tongue.
Cautiously, Dean raised his hands—he hadn’t specifically been told that he could touch, could open Castiel’s pants, but he thought that was what Castiel probably wanted. Still, Dean didn’t assume.
“It’s an angel thing, right? That’s part of why you never said anything?” Dean ventured. “You thought I wouldn’t get it.”
“Fix what?” Dean panicked. He considered lying, considered telling the guy that he really had graduated top of his aerospace engineering class. But he’d never actually been to college, so that would be a stretch. “I’m not exactly an engineer, no…”
“Do I need to apologize once again for worrying you?” Dean asked playfully, smiling over the top of his glass.
You can find me over on tumblr as MalMuses, if you so desire.
“Use your tongue,” Castiel said, winking so hard that half of his face crinkled.
“With…?” Sam asked, looking far too smug.
Dean flipped over slowly, still looking a bit dazed and groggy, and let out a yelp as his red skin hit the sheet. Still, he grit his teeth, and hissed out weakly, “Of course, Sir.”
With Sam spinning them out of the parking lot at high speed, Dean grabbed ahold of the back of the bench seat for leverage and reached over to press his hand to Castiel’s scaly hip. The merman didn’t stir. But his gills moved, and he let out soft wheezing noises that were as reassuring as they were concerning. Tugging one of the wet towels up to Castiel’s waist, Dean braced his arm to hold him in place while Sam peeled them away from the neon strip and into darker alleyways, his foot down as he distanced them from the orange glow that was overtaking the
, Crowley.”
Something is rising up in him, twisting him, breaking him.
kind of nerd, after all, the kind who knew things and tried hard—he would admit to himself, secretly, that it was pretty cool to use.
“Coffee with coconut milk—just for you,” Claire said, startling Castiel out of his thoughts as she placed a neat little white cup and saucer down in front of him, along with a small china plate. “And,” she added, “a slice of our ginger-apple pastry that you just have to try.”
” Castiel whined, his metal barstool screeching awfully against the tile floor as he flopped back onto it. He had several shots of alarmingly clear liquor gathered in each hand, Dean realized. Castiel nudged Dean in the ribs. “How am I supposed to drink all of these and get blackout drunk if I can’t put them down?”
my number already, I haven’t changed it in ten years.”
“Just wait and see,” Castiel teased.
They rode mostly in silence, and Dean found his mind searching for something to say. Not that he felt like Castiel particularly wanted to talk to him—dude was prickly at best—but they were the only two damn people awake in the entire galaxy at that moment, and MEG
“Ready as we’re gonna get, I figure,” Dean said, pushing as much forced cheer into his voice as he could. “Maybe she’s forgiven us for that whole, ‘gonna blow you up with a chest full of souls’ thing.”
, a short canon story about a newly human Castiel who sleepwalks...right to where he'd prefer to be sleeping. I'd love it if some of you checked it out when it's up!
said something about going insane. Dean didn’t think he was going insane yet, of course, but if he didn’t find someone who appreciated his jokes soon, then he might.
He couldn’t do this. He needed Cas.
Castiel looked around the Roadhouse slowly, thinking, his phone pressed to his ear. With a slow smile, he took in the little cluster of locals, who all smiled as his eyes drifted past. The slightly dingy Formica tables, the sun beating down on the lumpy, ill-maintained sidewalk beyond the window, the florist over the street who was putting out fresh buckets of late-summer blooms.
Castiel huffed out a rare, low chuckle. “Are we ever going to be able to agree on anything? Or just…trust each other?”
as if… Dean sat up in horror. Oh god, was someone
Jack is sitting at the head of the table in the war room, staring down at the Pacific Ocean. Sam is to his right, both of them—theoretically—doing research into Jack’s little angel-making thing that he’d had going for a while, trying to see if they can patch up the battered pieces of the world that they have left.
Dean’s Adam’s apple bobbed in shock and horror. “Oh,” he said.
Castiel nodded just once, slowly, as he pulled back from Dean just enough to see his face when he answered.
Dean relaxed, turning so that his shoulder blades were both against the speaker and he could feel it rhythmically buzzing through him.
as he took the cash and added quietly, “Message received, Cas. Three dollars change.”
“Not the best?” Dean prodded lightly.
The comets beyond the window wrote endless poetry across the inky sky, tails of glittering ice that made stories no other eyes would ever see. Dean could appreciate it, the epic beauty of the view he had, and how incredibly lucky he was to behold it. The eternal cosmos did little, however, to stop him wanting bounce Castiel's smug, irritating, annoyingly-beautiful face off the damned window.
“Not too bad,” Dean said, showing her the list.
With that, he backed away and left Castiel to it. A split second later, Castiel’s attention was called up again, by the same employee—“Rufus”—that had glared at him before.
Castiel raised an eyebrow, and the look of genuine concern on his face made Dean’s stomach churn dangerously. “Alright,” Castiel said. “Well, there’s no point drinking alone. I’ll come back to the dorm with you.”
No, he told himself. He refused to be that person whose whole life fell apart just because they broke up with their boyfriend. Well, “broke up with” was a kinder description than the previous evening’s disaster deserved. ‘Assaulted him with a seventy-dollar glass of wine and flounced out three years too late’ was a little dramatic-sounding, though. So, Castiel had skipped his run, skipped meditation, and simply grabbed his coffee and a not-too-crinkled white shirt, and thrown himself back out into the world.
“Alright,” Sam said, jerking his head toward the kitchen. “How about I get a few beers, and we start digging into the research again. We have problems on all sides and no solutions. The Mark is a problem, Amara is now a problem—then we’ve still got the Heaven-dying problem. Unless, uh, Michael can help with the Heaven thing?”
Jess had thoughtfully arranged for the master suite of Winchester Hall to be redecorated. Dean thanked her effusively—he hadn’t thought about it until then, but sleeping here surrounded by his father’s judgment was bad enough, sleeping here surrounded by his belongings would only make it worse. Now, the suite was fresh and clean, a little empty, but Dean didn’t mind that—he could make it his own, he supposed, once he’d been here a while.
Awesome. They’d initially had trouble syncing up their schedules. Castiel seemed to have a ton of commitments, and with Dean working at
Once the coffee machine was grinding away and Dean had liberated two mugs from the dishwasher, he walked over to lean on the counter next to the stove and watch Castiel cook, smiling at the way he cheerfully bopped around the kitchen.
Dean thought helplessly. He wished Castiel would use that leather belt on him. He wouldn’t, most likely, not like this—not in this kind of scenario, their first time playing together. Likely he’d be cautious, and their scene would be mild.
The brightly lit café was fairly empty, only two other locals sitting at the Formica tables sipping their coffees. Castiel didn’t believe they’d ever spoken, but both of them nodded and greeted him anyway. He was sure that one was Liz, the lady who delivered his mail—but he merely smiled, paralyzed at the mere thought of getting her name wrong.
“What about us?” Dean shouted, something sparking that instant-anger that he’d earlier voiced his shame at, back in purgatory, when he prayed to Castiel. He didn’t try to keep it down. “What about Team Free Will, Sam, you remember that?”
, right here?”
Castiel caught up with Dean’s intentions and helped, guiding his eager, red cock into Dean’s hand with a press of his thumb near the base. Dean felt a puff of air against his shoulder as he stroked Cas up and down slowly, taking his time slicking him up with the lube just because he could. Looking up to check on Castiel, Dean was met with a hooded gaze and blown pupils.
Son of a bitch.
“I know you do. And for the rest of them...that’s their loss. You’re awesome,” Dean replied, reaching across to press a kiss to Castiel’s temple before he shucked off his shirt and jeans and scooted closer to the waves.
Looking down at Dean’s hand, Castiel let out a long, slow breath. “Yeah. I’m fine, now.”
“Oh, homemade burgers, definitely. I make amazing burgers from scratch.”
They ate in silence for a few minutes, though Dean couldn’t help but be distracted. Watching Castiel load his fork with syrupy pancakes and push them into his mouth, past his plush, pillowy lips…
Beside Dean, Castiel rolled his eyes to the ceiling, the motion flowing down to his shoulders. “I’m not one to turn down an orgy, but I’m horrifically over-sober and pretty anxious to move along to the drive room, so could we not?”
and his tipped his head back, lip bitten, keeping the noises he wanted to make firmly to himself.
Dean bit back a smile.
Dean stared at his back.
“Hardly magic,” Castiel said, stepping up to the edge of the huge, solid table. “I just use my palms and hope for the best.”
Ugh. The bane of every student’s life.
I'm eager to share this chapter so I won't keep you long, just enough to quickly thank EllenOfOz, captainhaterade, and every wonderful reader who has supported me so far.
Castiel was relentless, slipping his hand within the panties to fly over Dean’s cock as he pushed and pressed against Dean’s prostate from outside. The sensation, coupled with the glowing, tingling, flying sensation that Dean’s ass had him feeling throughout his whole body, was enough to have him racing towards a massive orgasm.
“Here should be good, I think...hey, stand next to Cas will you, so I can get this framed right?” Sam said as he reached to take the tripod from Dean.
Dean shook his head and chuckled, before letting go of Castiel’s knee so that he could reach across to pick up his menu. He knocked Castiel’s foot under the table, smiling affectionately. “What are you ordering?” he asked, determined to survive the rest of the meal without an awkward under-table semi.
Well, folks... what do we think Dean is going to do with those scales? ;)
Was it…on the roof? Castiel furrowed his brow and hurried on down the stairs, pausing by the doorway into the kitchen where he’d left his shoes the night before. He was shoving his feet into the heavy leather work boots, which he’d purchased begrudgingly from Bobby but had to admit had saved his toes on more than one occasion, when a glimpse of color from the corner of his eye drew his attention.
Dean’s arms came up and squeezed around Castiel in turn, briefly, before he pulled away. “Anyway,” he said, sounding a little embarrassed, “how about we go look at those pipes, huh?”
“What are you doing?” Castiel asked after a moment.
Castiel looked up to respond, and behind Kaia, having just walked through the door, stood none other than…Dean Winchester. Again. He really was everywhere that Castiel was.
Dean became hardened not just to the endless riding across country, but to the iron crack of gunfire and the smell of festering wounds, to the sight of haggard faces and empty seats around the campfire that no one mentioned, the lumps in their throats too sore and raw to speak around.
“Even if I upset you or make you angry—or you me—we get coffee and let each other explain. If we still want to be angry after…that’s okay, but failing to discuss it isn’t.”
something was going to happen buzzed through Castiel, and then—
Castiel’s smile rewarded him, nodding his agreement that Dean could lower his zipper. As he did, Dean could feel Castiel’s length beginning to firm up beneath the fabric, and he looked up from beneath his eyelashes.
Beyond the door, Castiel let out a growl that travelled even through the reinforced metal, and he threw a punch so hard the chains above the bag jumped and a shower of plaster fell from the ceiling. Castiel didn’t seem to notice, stepping forward, following the bag, his fists meeting it again before it even had a chance to swing back down.
Balthazar preened. Dean looked disappointed.
Dean cleared his throat. “I, uh, know that getting the roof done is one of the more important jobs, so I figured that I’d take a quick look this morning and catalog what needs replacing and re-shingling while I get some of the debris off and the gutters fixed up.”
Castiel gave a hum of agreement as Dean went back to cutting. He removed the bottom of the bottle, and peeled off the label, leaving him with a clear tube of plastic. He didn’t have any scissors to hand, so he stood the tube on end and carefully cut down into it, sliding it open along one side so that he had a wide, curling rectangle of plastic. Deciding that it wasn’t quite thick enough for his purposes, he folded it in half, using the blunt handle of the pocket knife to run over the fold, again and again, pushing down with all his weight until the plastic held where he needed it to. He trimmed the edges, neatening it up so that he wouldn’t slice himself too badly when he tried to use it. It was a smooth sided, firm but flexible rectangle by the time he was done.
“I’ve tried!” Dean snapped, glaring across at him. He half-wished Castiel
“If I can make a suggestion,” Adam’s voice didn’t betray the switch as much as his relaxed posture and small, hopeful smile did. “Maybe instead of looking how to power Heaven differently, or how to make more angels, we should just look at how to get back all the ones that were there before.”
His heart sunk in his chest as he looked down at the simple cream and burgundy card. Well, of course. It would be, wouldn’t it?
“I should give him time. Cas just needs to calm down,” Dean said quietly, shoving all his thoughts down with all the other crap he’d deal with later, at the bottom of a whiskey bottle. “He’s not usually like this.”
“Crowley,” Castiel hissed beneath his breath as he very cautiously pushed at the flaky front door, “I am going to
Castiel blinked in surprise before looking away quickly, but Dean caught the surprised flush on his cheeks. They managed to squeeze up a busy flight of stairs before Castiel tapped his elbow again.
environment for a change was odd. Dean didn’t think there was much strange about it, and he ended up spending more time swimming than he ever had in his life. The swimming nights were less common than the TV nights, though. Castiel was curious about human things, fascinated with humanity in a way that, given how he’d been treated, Dean didn’t expect.
“Wha—” Castiel couldn’t argue any more, his mouth occupied as Claire jabbed the old-fashioned thermometer forward.
- Mal
“Dude, no.” Dean crossed his arms, angling himself in the tiny Gremlin cabin so he could glare at her more forcefully.
“Okay,” Castiel agreed, kissing Dean’s cheek once more before he settled back into his chair with his coffee. “Proceed.”
P.S. If you would like updates,
It was the middle of the night by the time Jo disappeared and came back with two steaming cups of fresh black coffee from Bobby’s stash. Taking it gratefully, Dean blew across the top before slurping a few burning, airy sips into his mouth.
Castiel laughed. “No, no. I don’t want to tread any more heavily on creation than I have to, but I love bacon as much as the next guy. It’s a challenge. Back home, I mostly lived on frozen bean burritos from the gas station next to the bar where I worked.”
Oh, Dean. C'mon...calm down and use your brain buddy, it's not that hard!
As Dean shoved his phone back into his pocket, he felt it buzz again but ignored it in favor of smiling over at Castiel, who was similarly putting his phone away.
Claire turned away and began pouring his coffee into a Styrofoam cup. Castiel couldn’t help but eye it with a grimace; how long was it polite to have lived here before you started fussing at local businesses to change their practices for greener ones, he wondered? Averting his eyes, Castiel’s gaze fell on a plate of lumpy, misshapen, very clearly homemade oatmeal cookies next to the register. “Test Recipe,” a note read. “Please take one!”
In answer, Castiel tilted his chin up and stretched his neck, sucking two of Dean’s fingers beyond his lips. His eyes fluttered shut and Dean felt him hum around his digits, hot and wet, and circle them with his tongue.
Any other time, Dean would have balled up his frustration inside, hiding his stress beneath anger. But he already felt less lost with Castiel there. Even so, when Dr. Berry stepped out for a moment to arrange his scan, Dean let out a shaky sigh.
cause some issues for him? ;) He has his reasons, of course.
Thank you for reading - remember to skip the smut if you're iffy about it! I'd rather you all be comfy <3
Despite having been told that his fellow conscious-crew member was on his way, Dean still wasn’t quite prepared to step out into the corridor and be slammed into by a slimy, naked man. He bounced off a wall of firm muscle and ricocheted back against the door, flailing, the wind knocked out of him.
Okay. Leaning over him, not good.
“Hello, Dean.” Castiel grinned back at him. “You look very handsome,” he confessed, dropping the hand that was at his shoulder, jacket still looped over his finger, to rest it at Dean’s hip. “I know we have a date planned, but I’m very tempted to take you straight home and keep you for myself.”
“Great job, Dean,” Castiel said dryly. “You slaughtered a soda bottle.”
“Shit,” said Dean.
And there we go!
Eyes so blue that they drowned any other thoughts came to rest solidly on Dean’s own. “What do you want from me, Dean?” he asked gently. “For once—for perhaps the first time in our entire acquaintance—I’d like us to be on exactly the same page.”
Wincing, Castiel shrugged. He didn’t much like Crowley, but that did sound awkward. “Maybe they can keep the properties and find a new company to renovate and run them?” he offered weakly. “They might even be able to keep you on the project, that way.”
“I dunno. I’m not sure if that’s my scene. How about we swap numbers and I’ll let you know?” Dean settled on.
Upon Castiel’s approach, Adler had begun hastily gathering pens and sheets of paper and half-finished weak tea cups, shoving them all so haphazardly into his briefcase that Dean was surprised he didn’t give his laptop an accidental bath. Castiel was unfazed, and he waited politely next to the podium—one hand resting not-quite-casually on the edge of it, blocking Adler’s exit from the room with an exceptionally cool expression.
Pulled Castiel from his reverie, and he shoved his phone into his back pocket.
a solid handful of it grabbed by Castiel. His fingers dug into the throbbing flesh of Dean’s cheek, still hot and tingling from the spanking, and he
from his leather pants. “What’s wrong?”
Castiel would be fine, Dean told himself, tightening his fingers on the steering wheel, taking comfort in Baby’s familiar leather. He’d gripped that wheel so tight, for so many years, that there were grooves in the wrapping where his fingers settled. Stress dents. Ones that told tales of every strange path Dean’s life had taken in the past decades.
“Oh,” she said, blinking in surprise. “I’m so sorry. I just thought—well. Apologies. Two checks?”
When he reaches the center of the space, Dean digs his cell phone out from his back pocket and brushes his thumb across the screen, looking down briefly to unlock it.
“Please, Cas,” Dean whispered, reaching for his hand again. “Let me do this for you.”
“Nice of him to drive all the way here,” Dean said. “Especially in the middle of the night.”
“Shit. My dad will probably be home soon and I still have to clean up the backyard.”
Straight men don't look at their wrestling idols like that.
Is it a date? Or is this just dinner and a movie between bros? Did Cas invite him over just to hang out or did he have other motives? They never really discussed it.
Dean’s breath caught in his throat. He had fantasized about this moment for years, and here it was, right in front of him. Dean’s gaze shifted between Cas’s eyes and his lips. His heartbeat was pounding in his ears and his palms were sweaty. He couldn’t bring himself to answer, so he just nodded his head.
Cas dramatically rolled his eyes, “Coca Cola, wise ass.”
Cas suggested they go zip lining, but Dean wanted to go to the amusement park instead. The closest one was Pauly’s Play Place, but it was run down and most of the rides weren’t in operation. Dean mentioned the movie theater gave away coupons for the Fun Fair Amusement Park a couple towns over that were only good that Saturday, and he didn’t want them to go to waste. Cas wasn’t one to pass up a good deal, so amusement park was the winner.
“Maybe not, but that doesn’t mean you have to keep everything to yourself. You don’t always have to carry the weight of this life on your own.”
“Now, I have a hunch about who that might be, but I have a terrible track record with these things, so if you could just confirm who you’re talking about that would be-”
Dean shook his head, “No.”
“I’ve tried everything I can think of, Cas. I cooked the same breakfast everyday, your favorite. I took you back to the bar where we met, we danced to our song. We watched the same movie from the night
Cas watched Michael walk out of the warehouse as he drifted towards unconsciousness.  The Archangel was back out in the world, keeping Dean hostage. They’d have to hunt him down all over again thanks to Cas’s gung-ho stupidity. How could he let Michael get away? How could could he let Dean down like this?
“What’s all this?”
They took turns shooting the slightly dented ping-pong ball at the cups. Admittedly, Dean was a lot better than Cas, but they were having a good time. Charlie sunk her first shot and Cas reached for the cup on the table. Dean’s eyes went wide as Cas lifted the cup to his lips. Just in the nick of time, Dean smacked the cup from Cas’s hand. The red plastic hit the ground, sending the fluid splashing over the dusty concrete floor. The ping pong ball bounced pitifully at their feet.
“Anything you want to talk about?”
“Are you okay? Should we take you to a hospital?” Dorothy asked.
Dean really had been excited, seeing as he hadn’t had a day off to spend with Cas in what felt like forever. And despite the beautiful set up, and all the effort Cas had put into it, his heart sank when he saw all the food laid out on the table.
“It’s ok, baby.”
“So, does this mean Cas is gonna be my brother too?” Sam asked.
A week goes by, and Dean still hasn’t showed up for the garden tour. Cas finds it odd, because Dean usually stops by at least once a week, if not more. He’s starting to get worried that maybe something happened to him.
And with that, Dean grabbed his toothbrush, and shoved it into his mouth, triggering his body to expel what was in his stomach. He heaved and coughed, it felt terrible, but good. He was purging his body of all the wrong. He was fixing his mistake. This was his control.
But Cas knows the look on Jack’s face, because, after all, he’s his
“Oh…” she shows Cas the two tests she’s holding, turning to see the ones he’s holding. “OH.” Cas wraps his arms around her, lifting her in the air. She muffles her sobs with his ¿shoulder, the happiness she’s feeling being more than what she thought would ever be possible.
Further in his line of vision is another flower on top of the coffee table. He runs to it and desperately reads it, wanting to know what all of this is about. His heart is racing out of happiness, he never got this many flowers, let alone a single one. It’s sad, that’s sure, but Dean doesn’t care anymore, because now he has eleven if he counts the tiny dandelions on his hands.
By midnight, after Dean falls asleep exhausted from both the day and the sex, Cas carefully whispers a sleeping spell on Dean’s ear to prevent him from waking up while he and Sam bake his birthday cake and a ton of pies. Soon enough, Claire chimes in headphones on while listening to Taylor Swift, and stays there to help them. Jack walks in after they’re done with the dough and are letting it rest, and helps them with the cake. Eileen comes in too, but she falls asleep when Cas puts the cakes in the oven and Sam takes her back to bed.
“Would you look at yourself! You’re a grown kid now!” he takes the kid on his hands and twirls him around before taking him to the sink and washing his hands. Dean serves himself a cup of coffee and another for Sam, and then takes out a jug of apple juice to serve a glass for Jack.
With every second that passed, a knot on his stomach tightened, how was he supposed to tell Sam about that? About them? He could already hear Sam asking why he never knew about it or why he never told him about it. If he was honest, he would say I don't know because it was simply the truth.
“And I can sign!” the kid signs, and Cas wonders yet again how he learned this. His father raises a brow, his eyes filling with tears, and turns to him, a questioning look on his face that makes Cas feel obligated to explain.
“CAS. CAS. CAS.” His throat feels raw, but he doesn’t care. Cas, where’s Cas? Have you seen Cas?
And then Dean laughed. Cas furrowed his brows and opened his eyes, finding the green ones that he kept dreaming of during his time in the Empty. "Shit, I… it really took us that much time, huh?" so Cas laughs along because there, looking back at all the time they lost by being so afraid, it really seemed stupid.
(See the end of the chapter for
Apparently, Jack could read minds, so he let Sam go and hugged Dean tightly. He wanted to break, he wanted to talk, but he couldn't. Nothing came out of his mouth, his vocal cords sewed, his emotions retreating to the back of his mind where he couldn't reach them.
Dean brought him in for a kiss as they watched Bobo, Meg, Claire, Adam, and Matt listened to Jack around the fire. They were truly home.
They have dinner, sharing complaints and stories, smiles and tears, laughter and annoyed groans.
He turns and grabs his keys.
“Well, huh, over the past month I’ve had some talks with someone… someone some of you already know. Look, I don’t want to be a hunter anymore, as much as that was my whole life, the thing I was born to do… I don’t want it, not anymore. I have a family now.” He looks over at Cas and Jack briefly, then at Sam and Eileen. “Okay… huh, Sonny can no longer sustain his house for troubled boys… which is why I’m taking it, now it will be
Where did all of his strength go? Why was he not fighting anymore? Why were his arms down? Someone's in front of him, but he couldn't pay any attention.
“Oh, hey there buddy.” He no longer can hear what animals mean, but he has heard them long enough anyway to know what they mean. “It’s crazy, right? I still can’t believe I’m back too.” The dog jumps on the bed and lifts his paw at Cas. “Attaboy, Dean trained you well.” He smiles and hugs the dog. “As long as I would love to have an entire conversation with you, I’m afraid Dean will go crazy if he finds you on top of the bed. Let’s go.” He untangles his legs from the sheets and the heavy blankets and snaps his fingers so Miracle comes down.
Quickly, like a decision made and spurred forward before too much thought could be put to it, Castiel reached across and took Dean’s cup from his hand. He held Dean’s eyes as he raised it to his mouth, taking a deep, long chug of his beer. His other hand twisted into Dean’s, his fingers warm between Dean’s own, and he began to walk away from the group, tugging Dean along with him.
Castiel raised both of his eyebrows in interest, grinning. Something distracted him beyond Dean’s shoulder, though, and he pointed to the beach. “Your phone,” he said.
Opening the door, Dean eyed his overnight bag in the shotgun seat of the van. He’d probably drive a few hours back toward Kansas before he stopped for the night. He could, of course, have just stayed at the cabin. But he had a feeling that would just feel lonely and weird once Castiel had swum off, so he planned to stop somewhere in Idaho instead. Dean shrugged out of his jacket, baring his arms, and threw it onto the other seat with the duffle bag, leaving them there to wait for him.
Dean got it.
Either way, he doesn’t ask.
In the rear-view mirror, Dean saw Sam—without any blood to be seen, thank God—pull the sleeve of his jacket down over his fist and punch outward, shoving the smashed glass out of the way. He slid his elbow along the frame, clearing the clinging remains of the window so that Dean could see beyond. Tinkling glass crystals showered down across the back seat and over Baby’s trunk.
“Sure thing,” said Claire. “He’s back working at the Bellbird?”
Dean would have been understanding if Castiel seemed annoyed, or angry, or a little upset with him for stowing away on the ship as if he had a right to be there. But the response Castiel gave was, probably, the absolute worst one he could have come out with.
Wrapping his arms tighter, Dean waited, the see-through fabric of Castiel’s white dress shirt slick beneath his fingers as he pointlessly
Castiel had the good grace to flush a little as they walked. “I didn’t think you were watching.”
In the dark, as Korben told Leeloo that he needed her, Dean drew his eyes from the screen to look at Castiel’s barely illuminated profile beside him. Castiel was enraptured, watching as Korben’s love declaration saved the world. He was blinking hard, caught up in the emotion of the scene, so Dean squeezed his hand back, grinning in the dark.
For a moment, they stayed still, and Dean watched Castiel’s ribcage rise and fall rapidly for a few seconds before calming and evening out. Once they’d caught their breaths, Castiel climbed off—his thighs noticeably shaking in a way that was very satisfying for Dean—and gathered up a handful of Kleenex from the nightstand.
“Yeah, of course,” Dean said in a rush, his chest tight. “God, Cas—of course. None of that is even a question.”
Wincing at the ache in his shoulders after a long day’s riding, Dean settled himself into the chair before the desk in his room. The French country lord’s manor that his regiment had commandeered was small and quaint but certainly felt luxurious after days on the road. Alfie had just departed for the evening, leaving Dean in his breeches and undershirt to relax with a drink and tend to his correspondence.
The spinning flares of multicolored lights highlighted the glistening of Castiel’s skin, the heat between them causing tiny droplets along his hairline that shone with microscopic rainbows as the lights spun past. Castiel’s lips were parted, his mouth open just a fraction to pull in hot air, and as they danced close, studying each other, his tongue darted out to flick along his bottom lip.
Cas isn’t sure he loved or even liked Crowley in the first place. Then again, polyamorous relationships were not his thing, neither Dean’s.
Dean opens and closes his mouth like a fish, before laughing softly and taking a hand to his pockets. Cas frowns at the laugh and when Dean goes down on one knee too.
“Morning.” His brother greets, his shirt wet with sweat and his hair flat on his head. “I’m headed back to Kansas today, hope that’s not much of a problem.” Dean nods and takes a pair of boxers to put on so he can ditch the towel.
He has to brace himself against the wall to avoid falling to the ground when his knees give up.
Why is his heart beating so damn fast? It’s a generated text.
He huffs with happiness when classic rock fills the car, Sam wouldn’t let him play it, and begins driving, he still has an hour and thirty minutes or so before he can go get Jack.
to kiss him. Which is probably a bad idea, considering the pandemic that Chuck caused before he was defeated and Jack and Amara decided to leave it as it was. “Wow, what was that for?” he’s not complaining, his smile says it all, but Cas still feels the need to apologize.
. "You didn't give me time."
“Really? That’s amazing!” Dean looks at his son, and the pride that shows on his face is incomparable. Cas waves a hand and smiles at them.
“I don’t want to be God anymore.” Everyone looks at Jack as if he grew a third eye. “It’s cool and all, but I don’t feel like I should have this… this power, this everything. Someone who knows should have it.”
He didn't need to be soothed, he needed to let it all out, everything he has been bottling up through the years.
"Do you want another kid?" Cas asked softly, feeling Kevin drooling on his shoulder. He smiled at this. Dean looked at him deadpan.
The next time they met, their vacations were interrupted with Jack Robert Winchester wanting to go out two weeks earlier. Sam held Eileen's hand the whole time, their golden bands offering a cool relief to the searing pain she was in, and Dean passed out when the kid's head popped out of his mother.
, and he had him between his hands. He pressed his forehead against the angel's and let out a happy, shaky sigh.
He finds the next flower by his slippers, and he has to chuckle. Of course, he knows about this one, Cas has a few planted in the garden so the hummingbirds can come by and feed themselves. He has a great attachment to them since he, well, pretty much created them.
Jack hugged him tighter, knowing he didn't want Sam to see him like that. "It's okay, Dean, it's okay. Let it out." Was that even his kid? Why did he feel so calm?
Cas waves his hand and walks towards the elementary school building not far away from there. It’s nice, the air of late summer hitting his face, filling his nose with the familiar smell of rain, which was predicted for Wednesday.
And a light filled the room.
Of course, Cas redacted it to a simple
Dean’s smile can’t be bigger right now. He still has no idea of what is going on, but he’s sure as hell he’ll be going down with the whole thing.
If he started crying right now he will deny it in the future.
He runs downstairs since Jack is not there to complain about how his father can run and he can’t, and rushes back to the car, making sure to grab everything he needs.
Almost a week ago, they were all there —Sam, Dean, Eileen, Jack, Claire, Kaia, Alex, Stevie, Charlie, Rowena, Crowley, Bobby, Amara, Adam, Jody, Donna, and, hell, even Kevin and Meg, who was now in control of her body once again—, sitting around the tree, the fireplace on and crackling, mugs with hot chocolate and mini marshmallows that Dean and Eileen prepared with a dash of whiskey, all of them swapping and opening their presents.
He stands up, his whole body heavy, and runs across the room to the door, the damn door. He bangs it with a hand, then both, and he loses track of how much time he keeps doing this. It’s not until he sees his blood mixed with Cas’s that he stops and chokes on sobs again.
“You’ll love to be with me.” She pretends to gag, making him chuckle. She was so far gone with the actress she wouldn’t even try anything with Cas.
“You don’t have to,” Jack says, “we can give it to-“
“Daddy!” Dean’s attention goes back to his son. “Can we bring Mr. Novak to eat burgers with us!?” he can see Dean’s face drain of color, and that almost has Cas chuckling. Oh, how are kids so untimely. The man smiles awkwardly at Cas.
He felt Dean tightening his grip on his face and separated them, gasping for air, and he suddenly felt guilty. Still, Dean didn't let him go, instead, he pressed their foreheads together again, his breathing heavy, and he muttered something that almost sounded like a prayer.
“We have a child with selective mutism, his name is Kevin. He’s really smart, too, and Jack helped him all day long.” He remembers Kevin’s face when Jack began signing, whenever Jack would look at Kevin in concern, and how he stuck with him through the whole recess, not letting any of the older bullies bother him. Jack is a brave kid, and Cas can’t wait to see what else he has in store.
“Dean…”
“Later, angel!” he sees her head pop up from her bedroom before he heads downstairs to get out.
"I am, Dean." He wanted to say something else, but Dean cut him, desperately trying to find his eyes in the dead of night, those blue eyes that lit up the way.
Dean looked down, and he wanted to laugh bitterly. It wasn't the same place, but it was close, way too fucking close.
“What do you want to order?” Dean asks.
“Do you want to know what I wished for this morning? I wished for you to say yes.” He takes out another small box and opens it, showing a silver ring with an emerald on it. Cas’s eyes turn watery as he takes Dean’s face between his hands and brings him in for a kiss.
“How long is it until this year ends?” Rowena asks. By her side, Claire and Kaia smile at each other, and Charlie and Stevie get closer, ready to stand up and dance. Sam checks his watch.
“Really? That’s amazing!”
“I’m starving!” Charlie announces before running to the dining room. Cas makes the first move this time, taking Dean’s hand and lacing their fingers before tugging him slightly to make him walk. Dean looks down and stares at their hands, a smile brightening up his beautiful face, and lets Cas guide him.
He was on the floor. He, Dean Winchester,
"That time at Purgatory, I wanted to tell you the truth, I really did." He heard Dean calling his name, he heard Dean asking him to come back because his life just wouldn't be worth it if he wasn't there.
He’s crying at his birthday party, but he doesn’t care. Each flower was carefully placed in order. From hatred and misanthropy to only love and reciprocated feelings? Dean must be blind. All of it was carefully put together to symbolize Cas’s feelings towards Dean.
“Castiel, please. No need for formalities outside of work.” Dean nods and unlocks the doors. Jack hops inside the car and seats behind the driver’s seat, waiting for Dean to fasten his belt while humming softly what sounded like an old classic rock song.
Cas simply chuckles and pushes the cart towards the fruits and veggies section, focusing on finding what Dean asked for first.
Five years in, and Dean and Cas were taking care of Bobo, Kevin, and Rowena while Sam and Eileen took their day off. Jack told silly campfire stories to the oldest kids while Cas and Dean were pretty much fast asleep with Kevin and Rowena in their arms. Claire scowled by Jack's side, clearly blending in with the rest even after all the differences she had with Castiel, and Matt, the thirteen-year-old son of the couple signed something rather offensive to Jack, who simply hit him in the head jokingly.
to which she nods and jumps out of the couch, already wearing jeans and boots. She takes her jacket, Cas takes one of his new trench coats —after all, Crowley
Dean shivers visibly under his cold hands, then groans.
“So that’s how I know your face!” Cas lets out a giggle, an actual giggle, after cracking his head the whole day thinking just
, making journals for scratch was now a passion of his and he had seriously thought about opening his very own shop of journals—, and, of course, a mixtape, had Dean sobbing on his shoulder and kissing Cas all night, not allowing Claire and Kaia to get a second under the mistletoe.
“Don’t worry, he’s in good hands.” Castiel places a hand on his shoulder and smiles. “I can see he’s brilliant.” Dean nods with a smile, feeling pride filling his chest.
He got a lot of clothes, shoes, two new trench coats, books, a framed picture of TFW 2.0 from Jack, a stuffed bee from Meg, and cash from Bobby —who didn’t know what to gift him. But nothing, absolutely
“Castiel, this is Donna,” he points at the blonde woman, who is wearing a blue pantsuit and a white blazer.
No, it couldn't be. He won't let it happen.
Dean turns down the volume a little bit and begins driving. They make small talk with Jack singing in the backseat, which has Dean grinning the whole way. They talk about how difficult it is to live in New York, about how Cas became a teacher, and how Dean has to manage acting and raising Jack all on his own.
“It’s literally… damnit, Cas, it’s seven o’clock, come back.” Dean reaches out, trying to find Cas’s body to keep the bed —and himself— warm. Cas chuckles and plants a kiss on his forehead. Instead of going back to bed, though, he simply kisses him sweetly on the lips and turns around to find something to put on, eventually finding his pajama pants in a corner of Dean’s room —their room.
“Goddamn it, Cas.” Dean appears by his side, a beer in his hand. “We have a family. We have a home.” They both smile. Cas waits until Dean finishes his beer and kisses him.
“Shut the fuck up, not here.” Cas laughs softly and presses a kiss to her forehead before rubbing her arm. “They’ll think we’re a couple, get away.”
It’s cold, colder than other days, and that is explained by the lack of Cas. Did he lose him again? No, that can’t be. Just as he’s about to get up and run to find his lover, he feels something in the place where Cas should be,
“Good morning daddy.” He kisses Dean’s cheek and keeps on jumping.
“No.”
He huffs and opens the door again, he won’t even bother to pretend that he actually
Kevin takes a couple of seconds before nodding and signing his name to the other kid.
“I’ll get rid of the evidence.” Eileen laughs and nods, still wrapping her head around it. After making sure that no one’s around, Cas comes out of the bathroom and walks back to the entrance as if nothing happened.
“I defend myself and my friends!” he yells. Dean nods in awe, he can’t believe his son is already going to school.
“My poor, virgin eyes!” Claire yells, and that has them both breaking the kiss and laughing, hard.
Sam arrived six hours later, just as Dean and Kelly were making their way to the hospital.
It’s almost twenty minutes in which they only talk about how intelligent Jack is, and how he could skip a whole year because of it.
, and he knows that the kid wants to quit.
They laughed for two hours after that, the last two hours of their road.
Finally, once he drinks the last drop of apple juice —Dean reminds himself to buy more— he jumps off his chair and runs upstairs, possibly towards his bathroom to brush his teeth. Just as Dean is about to get up, Sam raises a hand and grabs his plate and his empty mug.
— next to someone now, next to his biggest source of happiness:
No, he knows it didn’t.
"Good. We have time." Dean smiled again, stopping his thumbs. "Cas… you're real." Cas smiled, the wrinkles on his eyes appearing once again.
Thinking about it, maybe he could go out like this. At least he wouldn't live with all that searing pain that made his lungs burn every time he breathed.
Another agonizing scream is heard across the streets, followed by the same name repeated over and over again.
The drive is not that long, not for him anyway, twenty-five minutes in the early morning traffic of Manhattan, the soft noise of the radio filling their comfortable silence.
See, ever since he was a kid, ever since he was adopted by the Novak family, that kind of luck followed him. It now also followed his little sister, Claire, but it was more prominent on him.
He got them all things he made himself and, while they weren’t perfect, he made them with all his heart, especially Claire’s journals —one filled with information about almost every monster, inspired by Dean’s poor attempt of a father thank you very much, and another one completely blank so she could write anything she wanted— that he crafted from scratch, even if it cost him several glued fingers and many, many pokes with the needle as he tried to sew it together.
"Hello, Dean." He jumped out of his skin. He didn't even care if that was something else, something taking that voice, that voice he longed to hear again. He just launched himself to the owner of the voice, and he hugged Cas tightly, in a way he never did before, and he was sure he heard a bone or two cracking under the strength.
It feels like they’re doing so in slow motion, which is pretty stupid, but Dean can’t help it.
He opens the door and finds three more flowers resting next to the wall where Cas was taken by The Empty that day. He crouches down and takes them all, analyzing them carefully, caressing them as if they will break underneath his touch. One is a red tulip, but he has no idea of what the other two are; one is white, small, when compared to the tulip, and the other is a bunch of tiny flowers that look like a cloud.
“Look what I won, daddy!” the kid points at the golden star Cas gave him after he was the first to write down his first name.
“I’ll call you, Mr. Winchester. I’ve done this job for eight years now, I find no problem in that.” He takes Dean’s hand again. “I’ll see you at the end of the day.”
“Uncle Sam!” he runs to the man and hugs his legs. Sam laughs softly and pats his back.
"Don't… don't you ever do that again." He choked on a sob, the tears blurring his vision.
"It's been… fourteen hours or so, he should be, he was with Jack." Dean knocked the same way he always did, and they waited.
He thinks back at his miserable plans, what could go wrong?
“Alright, let’s get you to school!” Dean said, trying to mark the knot on his throat and the tears burning his eyes. His little man is growing up, wow. It only seemed like yesterday when he was 22 and Kelly showed up at his door looking just about ready to pop, crying.
Most of the time he looks up, though sometimes he does look down, and finds Dean’s peaceful, sleeping face, with his long lashes against his freckled cheeks, his mouth slightly opened to let out quiet snores, his brows sometimes furrowed if he’s having a nightmare. And even if Cas has seen him sleeping for literal
“Three, two… one.” They both turn around the tests at the same time, and Cas has to make sure he’s not confused by the instructions a couple of times before he turns to Eileen, fear painted over his face.
“Lizzy, this is Dean. What do we say?” she waves her hand enthusiastically and smiles.
Dean calls a couple of times to talk with Cas and reveals that Sam has now taken him to buy more clothes because
His breath hitched when that old barn came into view. He didn't know for how long he drove or the distance, all he knew was that he had to get the hell out of the car and inside that stupid barn.
"Hello." He greeted, his hand shooting up the way it always did. Sam reacted first, throwing himself to the kid and hugging him tightly.
Don’t get Cas wrong, it’s just odd after all those years of just
And so they do, as soon as the fireworks on the TV begin exploding.
“Castiel, first grade.” The other teacher smiles warmly and gives him the pen before he waves goodbye and leaves.
“Are we gonna kiss like those cliché movies?” Dean asks. Cas nods.
"Fuck," he muttered once he closed the door, "fuck." He repeated as he turned on the car. He didn't know in which direction he had to go; he just drove, a voice on his head telling him where to turn as if he knew the path by heart. Which was possible, but it suspiciously sounded like Jack.
“Third. They make me crazy, but they’re better than sixth grade.” They all laugh.
“Then I guess I’ll have to ask Jack who this no one is.” Dean groans again and punches him on the shoulder.
It’s finally towards the end of the dinner that Jack and Amara stand up.
And Dean stops dead on his tracks when he sees a man wearing a blue sweater with stupidly blue eyes greeting both the kids and their parents. He’s wearing an equally blue tie, black jeans that are probably too tight, and polished black shoes, and his eyes stop on Dean once he’s done greeting the mother of a girl.
Cas takes out the keys to Baby,
He hears a knock on the door of the kitchen and he runs towards it as fast as he can to catch Cas putting it on, but he’s instead greeted with no one there and another flower taped to the door. This time there’s a few branches of a small flower.
"Seriously, Cas? Five aren't enough for you?"
Why. Just why.
Jack buried his hand on the pockets of his white jeans and turned to Dean, rolling on his heels like a child. His child.
"Jack is always in heaven, Claire is always away, technically we have three." Dean laughed softly, shaking his head. "And I think that Matt prefers being with Eileen so they can talk about us by signing so fast I'm not sure they even comprehend." Dean let out a full laugh at Cas's confusion, easing it when the baby on his arms began stirring. "Being serious, I hope one day he's confident enough with us to talk."
Cas hummed happily and bit his burger again, not minding the waitress who made her way to them. Dean smirked before sipping his drink and prepared himself for the fit she was about to throw. He was used to this, though it happened for different reasons, but it always had the purpose to piss off that kind of people. And it worked every single time.
"Jack, he, huh…" Cas was nervous, oh so fucking nervous, and Dean smiled at that. "He gave the Shadow Billie's powers, it's Death now." He cleared his throat. "And he made it promise it won't come after me… after us."
before rushing down the clothing section.
He didn't even try to hide the disappointed whimper that left his mouth when he saw the kid he felt was his own standing in front of them. Yes, he was so damn happy that he was there, of course, he hadn't seen him in a week —that felt like a month—, but it just couldn't fill up his heart with joy.
“I don’t think she works today, kiddo.” Jack makes a pout but leaves it instantly when he starts asking if he can have a big burger. Dean laughs while telling him that
When Jack and Amara sit, Dean stands up, ready to take one of the biggest steps in his life.
Dean and Cas are on duty for tonight’s dinner, and they make that lasagna Dean saw on the internet a couple of months before that he so wanted to try. In the end, they both agree that it could’ve been better, but it’s still good.
“Bitch.” Sam smiles widely. His flight gets announced.
are okay with it, I am too.” He squeezes his son’s shoulders and brings him in for a hug. “I’m proud of you, and I know your mother is too.” Jack tightens the embrace for a second and lets Cas go.
and classmates, eventually leading to him turning into drugs. It was sad, but now, years after that, he had a wife, Amelia, and his older brother, Gabe, helped him whenever he could. After that, Cas decided he would be a teacher and that he would help those who needed it, unlike the shitty professors that he witnessed.
“Fucking hell, yes!” they both yell at the same time, which causes Cas to chuckle slightly. Crowley and Meg look at each other dismissingly, but don’t add fuel to their mutual hate.
“I guess you already know what I intended with this little… game, to put it easy.” He chuckles, and he can be damned again if that ain’t the most beautiful sound on Earth. “And I guess you already know that I want to do this properly, so…” Cas lets Dean go, goes down on one knee, and opens a small box. There’s a silver ring with a small diamond on it, nothing fancy, nothing big, just perfect. “Would you make me the luckiest man and former angel in the whole fucking world and marry me?”
She wasn’t much older than he was now when she had him and Jimmy. She didn’t choose to have them, not in a way that matters, but she was there to wipe their tears and tuck them in like any other mom.
Castiel just squints his eyes and inclines his head, observing Dean as the man blushes.
“Tat!” the baby declares, bouncing in joy on Dean’s lap.
"That doesn't look like a bed," Jack says, grabbing a hammer and starting to swing it in the air.
's raclette," Castiel says with a nod toward the waiters that just entered. They're bringing a bunch of giant quarter rolls of cheese to the table, putting one between every couple of people. Dean watches with wide eyes as one of the giant pieces of cheese is settled between Cas and him. He's never seen so much cheese in his life, outside of the shop. It's hanging from a metal contraption with a heating lamp melting the sides of it. He watches in fascination as Castiel puts his plate under it and uses some kind of wooden spatula to push the melted cheese down. It dribbles slowly all over his food, covering every piece of cold meat and potatoes in a thick layer of cheese.
Cas doesn’t pay him much mind though, eyes focused on what turned out to be the receipt for the lamp. More precisely, Cas is reading the date of purchase written on it. It’s dated the day before Cas left the bunker all those months ago, before Jimmy’s birth. To a time when Cas thought Dean wanted him out of his life after what happened between them...When in truth, Dean was going around buying bee lamps and paint for Cas’ room...
"You tried to do something nice."
Maybe being thrown out of a moving car wouldn't be so bad after all.
"I'm not giving you more money than planned, if that's your goal," Castiel says with a suspicious squint.
“We’ll make your breakfast to make up for it,” Castiel offers, still looking ashamed.
Dean sighs. "Nah, it's nothing, don't worry," he dismisses.
“Are you really gonna take pictures every time I take a nap with my son?” the hunter grumbles, wincing at the sensation of Jimmy drooling on his collarbone as he sleeps.
“It’s gonna be okay, Cas. We’ll find him,” Dean assures, even though Cas can see the same worries reflected in green eyes. It makes his Grace reflexily reach out to soothe the fear in Dean’s soul. The feeling of Dean’s soul is so familiar that Cas suddenly gasps, taking a step back in shock.
"Don't worry, Gabriel filmed it. I'm sure he'll be delighted to show you."
"I can help!" Dean insists.
************
"Are you a professional masseuse?"
************
"I take it you love your prize then?" Dean asks, beaming at the child's glee.
“It was a good day.”
The woman in front of him in line sends him a dark look over her shoulder. Dean rolls his eyes at her. Like she hasn't heard worse before.
"Do you always speak in that manner?"
Castiel doesn’t see how anything about spending an afternoon watching a sport he doesn’t understand or care about on tv could possibly be great, but he doesn’t protest. He wonders if it would be considered impolite to bring a book.
“No I mean...nevermind,” Dean sighs, passing a hand on his face. Castiel can feel that he’s getting frustrated. Cas must be doing something inadequately. He looks down, embarrassed at his shortcomings.
“So I’m not old enough to choose who I want to be with, but I’m old enough to look at pictures of dead people? Good job,
He slaps his hands on his knees as he gets up from the couch, resolute. Castiel is standing in front of the kitchenette, top cupboard still open behind his head, nervously twisting a dish towel and nibbling his lips.
On the contrary to their predictions, people seem to be avoiding him, the tables around him staying suspiciously empty in class. Of course, it could just be Charlie’s BTSOP working, but it mostly consists of her glaring everyone away from him and he doubts that people find her very intimidating, especially when she’s wearing pink overalls and multicolor barrettes in her hair like she is today. He still appreciates the effort and is glad, if suspicious, that his schoolmates are avoiding him rather than pestering him.
ass, and he nearly jumps away before he realizes that, eh that's kind of okay with him now. It's not just any dick, it's
He teases at the seam of his lips with his tongue, trying to get more of that wonderful feeling, but Cas pushes him away. Dean feels like someone just dropped a bucket of ice on his head, when Cas says "No", keeping him away with a hand on his chest. Thankfully, Cas' other hand cups his jaw in a reassuring caress. The way he looks at Dean is so affectionate that it leaves no doubt about the fact that this is
“Dean, I can’t find my brown hoodie!” Sam yells from the other room.
“And then what?” Dean demands, eyes flashing.
"Stellar view," Benny mocks.
“I don’t think it’ll be necessary, Castiel. Unless you want to do it, of course.”
He gulps, raising slowly and turning around. Two german shepherds as big as horses are a few feet in front of him, showing their teeth and foaming at the mouth. One of them barks aggressively and, yeah, Dean is definitely going to die tonight. Who knew he would end up this way.
Sometimes Dean even invites him to outings with some of his other friends from high school, but Cas isn’t ready to face them. Now everyone knows who he is, and he feels like he wants to enjoy the brand-new comfort of his little bubble with his friends, just for a little more time, before he has to be reminded that the outside world is still there.
vexations he brings her."
In the picture, Rachel’s skin is so white that her hair doesn't look so blonde anymore. She looks like an angel, Castiel thinks cynically.
That's it, last chapter. It makes me sad to say goodbye to this fic, I got attached to this alternate universe and those in it.
"I don't think that's possible, kiddo. But we'll still be able to see each other during the day. That's good too, right?"
"I know them well enough to say that they don't deserve you. Please, Cas, we can go away together, drive south until you have to shed that stupid trenchcoat, until you can be free of them."
Cas bites the inside of his cheek, feeling tears that he doesn’t want to shed burning his eyes.
It doesn't take long before they're making out, hands exploring each other's body, still barely awake. It makes Dean realize how little he's touched Cas before, how he was so scared of what it would mean to like it, that he never took the time to explore the other man's body.
"We know you care about Dean, Castiel," Naomi intervenes, "but this is simply unacceptable."
Castiel squints for a moment, mostly because he has no idea what tofu is.
He still doesn’t expect it when they turn on the TV one day and suddenly his face is on the little square beside the News’ anchor lady. Jody screams a lot on the phone after that as he wonders if he’s ever going to see Charlie and Jo again.
The Archangels were the only sons that Chuck loved even though their hair, eyes or skin color were different than his. That made them powerful because it was proof of Father’s love for them.
"Hello Dean."
"I really think you should look at it, Dean," Cas invites softly. He pushes the papers closer to Dean, and Dean relents, taking it with a trembling hand. Cas' stare is firm and loving, makes him feel like whatever he's going to find in there, he will be okay. Whatever it is, Cas will be by his side to help him through it.
Castiel should feel relieved that they’re both locked up. He isn’t. He doesn't feel safer, can’t even believe it’s truly over until one day Miss Barnes, Jody and agent Henrikson talk with him for a whole afternoon.
Jeez, rich people really are living the best life, aren't they?
In his mind, family has always been associated with rules, punishment and duty. He’s starting to believe that it can be more than that. Maybe all he has to do is allow himself to grasp it and hold on to it. To stop fearing that it will get taken away from him and just enjoy it while he can.
They're both wearing gloves, scarfs up to their chins and hats to their forehead. Cas is wearing a sporty ski coat with blue stripes on the side while Dean wears a green puffy jacket that he bought with the money from the engagement's party. Dean mocks him when Cas puts on a huge pair of ski sunglasses with multicolor reflective glasses, teasing him about his fashion sense...or the lack of it, more like.
It's not perfect, of course, not even close.
For this Dean, anyway.
"Well, for one, you should tell me who is gonna be there and who they are to you. And probably a warning about each one. I mean, I've met your mother," Dean says, grimacing. "Please tell me she's the worst of it?"
Sam laughs, taking a sip of his beer. “You sure know how to self-congratulate yourself. Also, three pieces of pie, Dean, seriously?”
Dean approaches slowly, grimacing in a self-deprecating mimic. He posts himself right in front of Castiel though, looking determinated.
Dean can't help, but scoffs. He takes a deep breath and starts talking. He doesn't mean to say so much, doesn't mean to tell Bobby
Dean opens one eye and groans, grumpy at having been woken up.
"Good. You've deceived us enough as it is," she spits back, lips pinched.
He spends the night searching for a case and is up at four in the morning, knocking on the other two men’s doors.
He doesn’t want to spend the rest of his life feeling like he has to hide that part of his life, that part of
get to read a book?
That afternoon, Castiel is having such a good time listening to the others endlessly teasing each other, that he doesn’t even think to look at the time.
The sheets are a little rough against the tender skin of his cock, the pressure not quite enough. Dean raises up a little more on his knees so he can slide one of his hands under his own hips to stroke himself. He moans loudly around his mouthful at the warm squeeze of skin on skin. It's so good that he suddenly can't breathe anymore and has to lean back, releasing Cas' cock.
Dean groans with a grimace. "Don't call it that! It makes me feel like an escort or something." Which, thinking about it, he kind of is now, right? Damn, he really lost all control of his life the moment he met Castiel, didn't he? "What's happening in a couple of weeks?"
"I'll get you your pajamas," Castiel finally says, voice a little hoarser than usual.
“Jesus," Dean sighs, passing his hands on his face as he paces. “I thought you two were...” The relief. It’s like he can breath again, like…
“So?” Dean asks, spreading his arms and turning on himself with a little walk.
Those two are a match made in Heaven, no doubt. Okay, maybe not 'Heaven' exactly…
Cas bites his lips, nodding when Dean looks up. The hunter gasps. Is that what an aneurysm feels like? Or a heart attack maybe? His heart is definitely doing something weird.
Cas sniffles, eyes red, as he struggles to hold the tears back.
"Yeah, because the dozen staff don't count," she says with a fond eye roll, obviously teasing her husband about his worrying nature.
"Thanks for babysitting!" the guy throws over his shoulder.
“What the hell, Cas?” Dean asks as he comes into the room, looking pissed off by Cas’ sudden disappearance from the bedroom.
"Don't push it," Dean says. He presses his mouth against Cas' smirk. It's chaste and short, yet leaves them both a little breathless anyway.
The line of the coffee shop shortens again, the barista asking her order to the goody-two-shoes in front of him. Dean looks regretfully at the display of sandwiches. He searches his pockets and only comes up with three dollars. Of course, the cheapest piece of food cost four dollars. Dean sighs. Guess just a coffee will have to do today.
The coffee table wasn't actually that hard to build, which kind of gave him an ego boost. Dean believed he had warmed just enough to attack the 'Hemnes' bed frame. Now it's three hours later and Dean just realized that he put the headboard on the wrong side, which means he has to start over. He feels like crying. He may have also scratched his chestnut wood flooring by hitting it one too many times in frustration with what he thinks might be one of the bed's feet. Now he's sitting on the ground, hair tousled from trying to literally tear it out and scowling at the instructions manual like it's responsible for every single thing that ever went wrong in his life.
"Well you can stove your crap, this is none of your business!"
“I’ll check missing persons, just in case,” Dean declares, going to sit at the table with his laptop while Sam does the same. It’s only about thirty seconds before they hear a crash followed by loud shrieking. “Oh. One of us should probably keep an eye on the baby too.”
Dean pushes on the breaks, stopping the car a few inches from a tree before he turns toward the backseat, gripping the demon knife at his belt. “WHAT THE FUCK,” he screams too.
The sheet sticks to Castiel's sweaty back as he turns over and buries his face into his pillow.  He shivers when the tip of a finger starts tracing the two lines on his back.
” Cas affirms, jaw clenched.
Cas looks back toward the desk. He thought it was only important to him, he never thought…
Castiel doesn’t apologize, even if he knows he should.
"Yeah. Okay."
“Do you want to?” Dean asks, cocky.
Jack has dressed him in a purple tutu (over his jeans) and one of Castiel's crop tops with "badass princess" written on it. The kid has also put gold glitter all over his face and pink lipstick on (and all around) his lips, along with eye makeup. Dean looks ridiculous and he knows it. But whatever, the kid is happy and it's his birthday.
Cas and Dean have been having what they officially declared was a 'serious relationship' for two months now. Dean is tired of the snail pace they're going at. He feels like they went too fast in so many ways and yet so slowly in those that matters.
“What was that for?” she asks, blushing but content.
“Yeah, you’re a real Houdini, kid,” Dean quips when the baby hides itself under a towel to play peekaboo.
Dean blinks at him, seeming to get out of a daze before looking at the hand extended between them. Cas points at the hunter’s own bleeding hand. When Dean still doesn’t seem to react, Cas put two fingers on the side of his forehead to heal him. He’s surprised when Dean’s face turns toward his hand, his cheek brushing Cas’ fingers in an obvious search of contact. Of comfort.
," Cas sighs, shaking his head at the memory.
He takes a sip of his beer and changes the channel, reclining a little more in his seat. This. This is what he’s always wished for. Just watching tv with his best friend like two normal dudes, with his little brother well and nearby, probably doing some nerdy stuff instead of watching tv like a normal human being. He never thought he would get to have that. Yet here they are.
They both jump at the sound of a loud wail, Castiel immediately blinking out of existence.
Dean’s soul comes closer to the Wave as it hovers in uncertainty. He reaches for it and the Wave immediately reaches back, grabbing eagerly at the tendrils of soul Dean is extending its way. They get closer and closer. Dean curls himself up and nudges against the center of the Wave. The Wave doesn’t move for a moment, poking curiously at him, so Dean’s soul nudges back. It doesn’t understand. Dammit. Dean concentrates, elongating until his form can reach the edges of the Wave and pull it close around him. The wave executes itself warily, enclosing his edges around the soul. It’s hugging him, holding it in its center, yet it’s not moving in the direction Dean wants it to. He doesn’t know how to communicate with it.
I KNOW that cutting someone's hair is not a remedy against lice. I just liked the idea. So let's say that it is one in that alternate universe, alright?
“Oh come on!”
Thankfully, Gabriel is a babbler, and he tells them
Dean can't help but smile at the brothers' rivalry. It reminds him of his relationship with Sam. His little brother was very stubborn, and they had more than one ridiculous contest like this one. He wonders if some of them would have lasted if they were still talking those days. Sam never copped to the mysterious disappearance of Dean's favorite edition of Busty Asian Beauties after all. Thinking about this makes him feel a little maudlin, but it's hard to stay sad when the three brothers keep bantering good humoredly for the next half hour.
“Jeez, thanks, you really know how to boost a guy's ego,” Dean grumbles, a smirk at the corner of his lips contradicting the vexation he’s mimicking.
"Don't you have anything to say for yourself?" Naomi defies, her cold blue eyes staring at him with such contempt that he can't hold her gaze.
Charlie never brings him his manuscript back. What she does bring him is a USB key shaped like Yoda.
Dean smirks, taking a few slow steps closer, until he can grab the front of Cas' ridiculous jacket, "Actually, I think it's called propositioning."
The irony is clear to him now. He was the one to put clear lines between them at the start, to swear against that damned pretend boyfriend trope, yet in the end, he was the one that got lost in the game. This is no movie. Bums like him don't end up with the prince. Cas enjoyed the fun they had together, but asking him for more than that is delusional.
"I'm Charlie." She looks like she's meeting Santa Claus, eyes shining in trepidation, like there are a billion questions she wants to ask.
The angel takes three steps back, eyes wide with shock.
Dean hates it.
“There’s alcohol in that!” he exclaims, outraged, before emptying the drink into a pot plant beside him.
“You seemed pretty ready on Saturday,” Dean teases, even though his smile is showing insecurity.
His Baby is everything. All he has to do is find her and he'll have a place to sleep. It's his home. He still has some canned food in the truck and some bottles of water. There might still be a few bucks from Castiel's first payment in the glove box as well. Not much, he used up most of that to buy winter clothes, gas and food, but maybe enough that he can get by for a couple days.
“So, Dean, are you applying for team captain again this year?” Jody asks casually, serving Sam some potato salad. Jody has become quite enamoured with the kid over the summer. Sam knows how to put his cute face to good use, so he’s getting pampered every time she’s over.
To be honest, at first he tried to stay as far away as possible from the situation. He didn’t want to think about Cas moving out and starting his own life. He may have even spread chili on everything Sam ate or drank for a few days in retaliation for encouraging Cas to do it.
Cas shakes his head, picking at his nails.
************
Cas' hand is still in his hair, not pushing, but pulling harder and harder. Dean loves it. He's always loved it when women would grab his hair like this, pushing his head closer between their legs. It feels just as good with a man, and Dean wishes Cas would just take what he wants from him, fucks his mouth until his throat is raw. He knows it’s too soon, but Dean is looking forward to being experienced enough that he can allow it. Hell, he's looking forward to all the training he'll have to do to learn to take more and more of Cas in his mouth, in his throat. The thought alone makes him moan around his mouthful, the aborted little thrust Cas makes in answer giving him a rush of adrenaline.
“It wasn’t-”
That seems to make something in Dean’s snap.
They don't need to know that Sam would never want to see him again anyway. That Dean failed him where he should have been protecting him.
is better than he was expecting. Better than he ever imagined.
From then on, Jo becomes an integral part of their little group, while Kevin’s girlfriend comes back, rendering the other boy’s presence at their lunch table more occasional.
“I know, kiddo. But it’s never been about Dean at all, has it?”
He's thrusting hard and fast now, Cas' hips erratically moving against him, the sound of their skin slapping so loud that surely the whole country must be hearing it. He doesn't care, too lost in his pleasure to see anything but Cas' face. He feels one of Cas' hand slide between them, brush his stomach as Cas brings himself to a peak that he reaches in only a few strokes.
"What, you two got into a fight or something?"
They exchange a small smile before a shriek from further down the lake catches their attention. The girls have managed to both get on the same floater, though their equilibrium seems precarious. Castiel can’t help but smile when Charlie notices them looking and waves hello their way, her movement making them topple over completely. The girls re-emerged from the surface of the water with Jo glaring and Charlie laughing.
"Yup, and I'm already at six so I'd hurry up and start searching if I were you."
They pants against each other's cheeks as Dean rides high in a series of erratic thrusts. When his muscles finally uncoil, Dean barely catches himself from crushing Cas. He tries to slide to the side, but Castiel's legs squeeze a little harder around his hips, keeping him in place, keeping him inside as his spent dick twitches with the last spill of his orgasm. Unable to get away with the other man wrapped around him, Dean rests his cheek against his collarbone, panting into his neck.
“We’ve got a case. We leave in 30, move your asses!” he announces once the two bedrooms doors are open and all the lights are on.
Today, Cas only ordered a Greek salad, no fries, and doesn’t seem inclined to give those delicious olives to Dean. In fact, he’s rolling them around his plate with his fork, like he’s taunting Dean with them. And again, no fries! That’s definitely hostile behavior.
He knows it’s rude, yet Castiel ignores her, sidestepping her in favor or approaching agent Henrikson.
“Come on, let’s get bonded and get our son back,” Dean invites, impatient to get on with it. “Which is a sentence that I never thought I would say, by the way,” he jokes, blushing a little as Cas lays next to him and takes his hand.
"Wait, wait, wait," Dean says uncontrollably. His heart is suddenly beating in a panic, all his muscles coiled with the need to get away, even though they wanted nothing more than to get closer mere seconds ago. Cas kneels and backs up to leave him some space as Dean sits up against the headboard. "I-I don't think I'm ready for...For that," Dean stutters, surprised at the violence of his own reaction. The reassuring hand Cas puts on one of his knees makes him want to curl up more, but he forces his legs to stay straight on the bed.
“Yeah, and you’re shit faced.”
Shit, his money!
Cas looks scandalized. "Not bad?"
It doesn't take long for Dean to fall asleep to the sound of children laughing, and the low voices chattering all around. He's feeling a peace he hasn't known in a long long time and it makes him dream about that summer they stayed at that motel with the pool. He can still feel the sun on his skin as he was floating on his back. He can hear Sam's tiny voice as he read Dean a story from the poolside, voice chopped because he was still learning. Dean can still hear the pat pat of Sam's feet dangling in the water, kicking a little harder in frustration when he couldn't get a word right. His dad was away for a whole month that time, and the motel clerk, Missouri, always brought them ice cream and snacks. They loved Missouri. She was kind and had a raucous laugh that they could hear even from three doors down. It made Dean feel less alone to hear her laugh at her sitcoms in the middle of the night.
They both jump a foot backward when a part of the burnt out ceiling falls down.
Dean's arms come around his shoulders, squeeze until he's as close as he possibly can be, until Castiel feels like he can breathe again. There are lies but no regrets. He loves this Dean as much as he loves old Dean. They are one and the same in all the ways that matter.
There are dark circles around his eyes from sleepless nights turning on the ground of the Gas n Sip. His lower back is constantly aching now. His throat is raw from the burn of bile, his insides feel like they’re being squeezed and twisted most of the time, making it hard for him to stand straight. He squeezes the edge of the sink, leaning forward until his nose is nearly touching the mirror in front of him. He looks himself right in the eyes, trying to gather the force to get through this night.
As always.
"That's not an option."
"Yes," Castiel swears. Honest, in his own way.
"We should share the shower, it would go faster," Dean offers with a cocky smile.
“Dada wa!” Castiel hears Jimmy exclaims before bursting out laughing; followed by Dean’s chuckles.
"Yes," Cas answers, a little too fast. "Please."
Dean’s hands slide further under Cas’ t-shirt, trying to raise it with them to take it off. Castiel jumps a whole step back, immediately admonishing himself for his own reaction.
He's not sure how he ends up sitting on the front step or how long he stays there. He didn't even notice the dog cuddling against him or the cold seeping through his pores. All he can think about is how much he misses Castiel. It feels like there is a hole inside of him that only Cas' presence can fill. It makes him wonder if he'll feel like that for the rest of his life. He's already spent so much more time without Cas that he ever did with him. They've only known each other for a handful of days, after all.
Dean shrugs. "I had some free time."
What hour is it?
"And she knows I'm right and is waiting for Gabriel to finally admit he's an idiot," Michael insists, petulant.
It should still feel mortifying, yet it calms Dean. He's probably not the first dude that gets a boner during a massage.
“I like girls,” he says firmly, jaw grinding. The words actually hurt his throat coming out, scratch it so raw that he has to pass a hand on his skin to make sure he’s not bleeding.
Cas stops instantly, knowing that’s another conversation he’s not supposed to hear. He sits on the steps and listens anyway.
Dean sighs. It looks like it'll take a while to get Jack to sleep tonight after all. He grabs the pajamas back. Might as well put those on now.
"You done?" Bobby asks when Dean comes inside a few hours later. He's spent most of the afternoon with a slide hammer, pretexting to do bodywork, when really, he just needed something to hit. He thinks Bobby gets that.
**************
She puts a hand on Cas’ cheek, passing a thumb on his cheekbone. The fact that Cas isn’t pushing her away makes something in Dean’s gut twist unpleasantly. He drops his sandwich into his plate, he can’t stomach anything anymore.
“Dean, I’m sorry…” Sam says, eyes tearing up. “I don’t what happened, I-”
“I’ve checked the wards. Jimmy shouldn’t be able to get out and no angel but you can get inside. You two can stay here as long as you want.”
"I didn't?" Dean asks distractingly, struggling with a string of cheese sticking to his chin.
“Really? Because I can remember you asking for at least one first,” Dean teases, grabbing the last chocolate pudding. In retaliation, Cas slaps the back of his hand and puts the pudding on his own tray. He ignores Dean’s pout and goes to sit at their table.
"Well, that's a bummer,
Yesterday, they discovered that the wards had been tampered with. They deduced that the angels that took Jimmy must have had help from humans. They had hope that the human accomplices had driven to the bunker, or at least the closest road, which would have meant that they could have been caught by some traffic cam, but there was no sign of any cars approaching the bunker road between the moment Sam checked the wards in the morning and the moment Jimmy disappeared. Dean even checked as far as the day before that, in case the intruder had already been in the woods while Sam was outside, but he couldn’t see anything.
"I've never seen Castiel smile quite as much as he does when he's with you," she confesses after a silence.
, and somewhere between last morning and this one, Dean has decided that he liked Cas' dick.
He sits at his desk and starts writing, putting everything on paper.
“What do you mean, he keeps popping everywhere? He’s done it before?” Sam asks, not seeming happy about being kept in the dark. Oops.
“A pretty accurate affirmation,” Cas laughs, wiping his eyes with the thumb of his left hand, his right one still wrapped by Dean’s.
"We're going to need a minivan too."
. Even the FBI agents surveilling his house go away after that. Castiel wishes that he could feel like it’s the end of this part of his life, but it doesn’t feel like it is. He’s not sure what it would take to get there.
Dean isn't in the least surprised when he comes home to find Jody sitting in the kitchen with Bobby. They shut up as soon as they hear him approaching, obviously having been gossiping. Dean rolls his eyes as he goes to the fridge, opening a beer and sipping it slowly with his back to them. He can feel their eager stares, can hear the chair squeaking under Jody's impatient squirming as they wait for him to spill the beans. He turns, smirking in satisfaction when he sees how restless they are.
"Nope," Benny shrugs.
************
It’s still a weird concept to him, but he knows that those women will love him no matter what and it’s the most fulfilling sensation he’s ever felt in his life.
“I’ve been working on reorganizing the Host ever since…” Cas doesn’t finish his sentence. They all hear it anyway: ever since he left. The angel scratches his brow nervously and Dean wonders where he got that mannerism. “Everything has been going well so far. Most of the angels have come back. Some are still weak but being in Heaven, close to the Host, is helping their grace heal,” he explains. “We’ve decided to stay out of humans’ affairs. There is too much work to do in Heaven, for now.”
“Cas got invited to his first party,” Dean declares, acting overly proud.
Dean feels like he should say something. Maybe apologize for overreacting, or thanking him for the massage, or berating him some more for leaving his kid alone like that. He's not sure, so he doesn't say anything.
"No problem, I'll send Bobby over."
"You'll be there to kick my ass if I ever change too much, right?" he asks a little later.
"You left him with me to go get high, and
They took him. They took Jimmy.
“Oh my god, is that little Jo?” Jody exclaims, looking over at Bobby. “How the hell did your ugly mug produce a girl that pretty?”
“I hope this won’t delay you in all that research you’ve been doing, Cas,” he says casually, while munching on his fries.
He yelps when the blanket is torn away from him a couple of minutes later.
"So you
"No wonder that kid is fucked up." Dean bites his lip, sheepish when Cas looks offended, "Hey, I love the kid, but he did burn out a house a few days ago."
“I haven’t seen
“Did you drive here?” Dean says, trying to divert the attention as he steps back.
Dean chuckles, toeing his shoes off and kicking them out of the way. He then hops awkwardly on one foot to take his socks off alternatively.
At least now, they definitely sold themselves as a couple to everyone's eyes.
Dean's hand pushes Cas' away from his dick to replace it, stroking him furiously, twisting his wrist the way he likes on himself and swallowing Cas' long whine when he does. When Cas comes, it's silent. It's a long shiver that shakes him from head to toe before he slumps over Dean, burying his nose into the dip of his neck.
am ready," he confesses, coy.
Dean startles when he hears Cas’ voice on his voicemail. He sighs, knowing it’s probably useless to call him. “Cas, call me, Sam thinks he’s found a way to find Jimmy,” Dean says, his brain still overwhelmed by a thousand thoughts and emotions.
"Don't worry….Have you seen those Barbies' bodies? There's no way they would agree to eat you."
The next thing he knows, Dean’s on his ass on the floor with a throbbing eye and an ex-angel in his lap. He looks up, dazed at what just happened. Castiel has one hand massaging the back of his head where he bumped it, the other one on Dean’s shoulder as the hunter’s hands are still gripping the front of his shirt.
"Come on Ricky, you owe me that money!" Dean says on his phone, taking a step forward when the line of the coffee shop shortens.
“That’s not-”
“So how is the new job?" Dean asks later on while munching on some pizza.
"This is Jack. You wanna say hi to my friend Charlie?" Dean says, turning until Jack can see Charlie over his shoulder. The kid just buries his nose deeper into his neck.
Now that’s definitely suspicious. Cas raises an eyebrow and waits. When Dean acts like this, Cas knows he shouldn’t push. Acting annoyed and being on the defensive over nothing is Dean’s way of being shy. He’s not an easy human to understand, but Cas is getting better and better at it.
"I saw you train with the other knights, you were pretty good."
(Now you must be worried lol)
“I have something that I wanted to tell you, both of you, about,” Dean starts. He pauses, not knowing how to broach the subject.
Somehow, they've managed to wrap their bodies around one another so tightly during the night that he's not even sure where his left arm is. The only part he can clearly feel is his boner that is firmly nudged right in the crack of Cas' ass and wow, that's way too much homo for him. He tries to wriggle his arm free from under Cas' torso without waking him, but the guy weighs a ton, especially with Dean draped over him.
“What if he’s in on it? What if Mr. Edlund is too? I can’t risk it, Sam,” Winchester seems to be despairing. “I don’t trust Novak as far as I can throw him. No, you know what, I’m just gonna shut up about it. Keep my job and bury my head in the sand.”
By lunch the next day, he’s sweating through his shirt. He’s thinking about skipping the last period so he can go home and take a shower before meeting with Dean. This seems like a situation in which body hygiene feels important. He sniffs himself inconspicuously. Yes, it would be more respectful to clean himself up first.  He jumps as Charlie’s head appears under his chin and she takes a whiff of his armpit.
"I'm not your freaking babysitter!" Dean yells just as his front door closes.
"Please, let me talk," Castiel requests. Dean shuts up. "I know that me refusing felt like rejection and that it hurt you." He looks up, and again, Dean doesn't deny it. "That's why it's important to me that you know why I started this whole masquerade in the first place. The
It’s dizzying. He can smell Dean’s deodorant, the beer on his breath and a mysterious odor that his brain has already started to associate with Dean. Just Dean.
Dean blinks out of his daze, only just noticing the other man is looking upside down at him. He's standing, bent forward, head between his own calves and arms wrapped around his knees.
Agent Henriksen is right. It
the puppy.
Castiel snorts, getting to his feet and walking to the house. He stops when he passes next to Dean. They're so close that their shoulders are brushing, yet all Dean can see is the kitchen light reflecting on the contour of the other man's face, illuminating the back of his head like a halo.
to do that. It feels great to do that and people won’t judge you and will still love you even if you don’t have any useful worth to them.
********
"You must be smart too, to have fooled us like you did."
"The edge of it," Dean ponders. "We can have a big garden where you can have your yoga classes and your beehives, and you can make pine cones soap or something."
“Cas, cut it out!” Dean orders. He tries to pull his brother free as Sam starts sloping in the angel’s hold, his head falling to the side as he’s barely holding onto consciousness. Sam’s eyes are just closing when he suddenly drops in a heap on the ground, finally released.
The kid squints at him like he's not sure he's buying what Dean is selling. "Where is Castiel?"
Cas is slamming into him faster now. The wet noise of his balls slapping against Dean's ass and their joined pants sound filthy and erotic in the otherwise silent room. A particularly sharp thrust makes Dean's toes curl and it only takes a few more thrusts before his whole body clenches around Cas' shaft, his cock spilling everything it can on Dean's own stomach.
were," he insists. "How can you even doubt me like this?" he asks, voice breaking.
To Dean’s surprise, Cas actually comes back that very night. It suddenly feels like Dean can breathe again. He’s so blindsided by his relief that he can’t think about anything to say to him. They just pass each other in the hallway and before Dean can even say anything, Cas is inside his room, the door closed.
"Oy!" Bobby protests.
“Oh no.”
Castiel's head is tilted and he's blinking owlishly, like he doesn't understand a word that Dean is saying. Figures. He's not sure how he could convince anyone that he's this dork's boyfriend, honestly. Naomi certainly looked like she wasn't fooled.
"Dean," Cas groans in frustration, hands pulling on Dean's hair.
He doesn’t like Meg. He doesn’t hate her because Castiel doesn’t really have it in himself to hate anyone. But he really, really doesn’t like Meg. He’s not even sure why she’s still having lunch with them, when they formally voted to not allow her to sit at their lunch table anymore, at his demand. But she keeps appearing everywhere they go, and sitting down with them. It’s very irritating.
"While we were...separated, there were times I wanted to call you," Cas admits as he sits over the cover next to Dean, a craft envelope in hands. "I didn't have any way to reach you, had no idea where you lived," he continues, looking so sad at the memory that Dean slides a little closer to him until he can push his chin onto his shoulder. "All I had was your name, so...I did some research," he confesses hesitantly.
“What kind of job is it?” Cas asks, observing the second outfit. Darker jeans, white shirt and a grey suit jacket. Classier, more professional.
Faced with Cas’ despair, Dean’s anger at him vanishes.
"Why?"
************
exaggerated.”
"I know," Dean says with a long sigh. "Thank you for trying. I'm sorry I'm still too fucked up to be worth the effort," he says dejectedly
He calls up every contact that he has that could have important information. As big as it is, Edlund Corp. is a family business. Chuck has had many children with many wives and he considers his company his legacy, which means that Cas’ siblings (half-siblings, mostly) are at the Head of most departments. He calls Michael at the Department of Finances, Gabriel at Marketing and Distribution, and Lucifer at Mechanics and Renovation, asking them all the files they have on every single one of his department’s sales for the last two years.
Of course they would. Things would have been different, maybe better, maybe worse, but at this moment there is no doubt in his mind that they would still be here, together, no matter what, raising their son. Life has tried to separate them so many times. Life, Heaven, Hell, and their own stupidity. Yet they still find their way to each other. They always will.
in his guts and his heart, that Cas is the one for him.
When Dean arrives with pizza and his best hammer, the room is finished. More than that, there are frames on the walls and brand news sheets on the bed.
Dean wants to protest, wants to keep him close, and with them. But there is a desperation in Cas’ eyes, a plea is his tone and Dean stops himself.
Shit, what does that even mean??
Dean doesn’t know how, but he knows without a single doubt that this thing, this wave encircling him, is Cas.
"I'm not much of a performer under pressure," Cas says, pursing his lips.
Chapter 9 'Rekindled fire' will be posted on Saturday. Exceptionally, there will also be a new chapter on Sunday, chapter 10: 'Salamander love'.
“I knew you would, Cas.”
Dean only shrugs in answer, trying to dry his hair. He can barely lift his arms and it's useless anyway. What good is dry hair when everything else is soaked? He drops the towel on the table and opens the zipper of his coat. He struggles to do it because there is no sensation left in his fingers, the skin numb and yet burning at the same time. The dog jumps forward with a bark when he slides a hand to his inside pocket, making Dean startle so violently he nearly falls off his chair.
Thank you for reading!
************
“You-What?” Castiel stutters.
************
Dean side-eyes him in answer, glaring harder when he notices Benny is holding the envelope full of money. Cas' money.
"That will make two of us," Hannah says gently, rubbing her swollen belly. She's seven months pregnant, obviously not fit to ski either.
He and Gabriel are currently trying to find the most ridiculous challenges to ask them. Ruby and Claire are very competitive, trying to one up one another by running the fastest or jumping the highest or finding the biggest rock or biggest leaf. Jack lost interest in the game a while ago, sitting on Gadreel's shoulders instead. Crowley's eyes are stuck on his Nintendo Switch. It's a miracle he hasn't stumbled and fallen yet.
“Maybe he went back where he came from?”
At first, he panics. The sensation of
The kid doesn't answer. He's frowning in concentration as he struggles not to overthrow the huge glass he's holding. He manages pretty well until he arrives near Dean and gets a little too excited over his success, pushing the glass toward Dean a little too enthusiastically. A big splash of lemonade ends up half over Dean's lap, half over the floor.
"Well, yeah, because Tesla's are crap," Dean points out. He scratched a little nervously at the top of Cas' hand still grasping his. "I hate to say it, but you're wrong though Cas. The only reason we're even here is because I wanted to get a free meal out of you," Dean admits guiltily.
“We need to figure out what we want to use for the movie marathon photo,” Cas said.
“Do you want to die?” Dean asked.
And damn it, no, he doesn't want to leave. He wants to stay, and that scares the shit out of him, because if he stays, he risks losing it all. But then Cas looks at him with tears welling up in his eyes.
“I thought the passenger was usually on DJ duty.”
“First of all, let me start by saying how thankful I am that you are here with us. We’re all very aware that this holiday season could’ve been very different, but instead we all get to be together, and for that I’m grateful.”
Dean’s faint smile fades into a frown. “He had to shut it down. We weren’t getting enough business. I don’t have the proper credentials to do anything else, so. Here I am. Trying to put down roots in a wasteland, and it seems so pointless sometimes.”
The next morning, Dean woke up to the smell of bacon and eggs. He rolled out of bed, the floor creaking under his feet as he made his way to the kitchen. Sam was cooking something on the stove, and Cas was pouring coffee.
After a few minutes of deliberating and self-loathing, he caved. He made his way to the bathroom, closed the door, and locked it behind him. He had at least twenty minutes before Cas would be back. If he was going to do this, he’d have to be quick.
“I can’t tell you or it won’t come true.”
“I don’t know, Cas. Everything got out of hand. I never meant for you to… I’m so fucking sorry.”
As the subtle chill of fall set in, Cas was discharged from the hospital. He spent the following months in and out of physical therapy, trying to get back to his old self. He managed to regain most of his motor skills, but he still couldn’t walk for long periods of time without needing his wheelchair. At first, it was hard for him to adjust to, but the more he thought about it, the more he grew appreciative that he wasn’t injured worse in the accident. He’d found strength in the progress he was making, and that kept him and his family optimistic about the future.
“I had the regular radio on instead of my cassettes the other day, and I heard this song, and I had to pull over because it made me think of you. I think you’ll like it. It’s a little more mellow than the other songs. Unlike this dude, I know I’m gonna get to have all of you again one day. I just have to wait.”
“I think I know a way to take your mind off of things.” Cas leaned forward and pressed his lips against Deans.
“Snake!” Cas shouted, pointing to an area near the castle moat.
Fast forward to Dean standing in his kitchen, drinking another shot, trying to drown the memory of pain. He had done so well over the years; insisting that he doesn’t swing that way, flirting with the hottest girls in the area, denying that he felt anything for members of the same gender. It was all about the women. Girls, girls, girls, 24/7. He was a man’s man, despite what the phrase might imply.
“Blackmail time for sure on this one, pal. Your mom pulled out your baby tapes when I visited her yesterday. I now know that The Little Mermaid is your favorite Disney movie. And I have to say, I’ve never seen anything cuter than toddler Castiel, dressed up in his sisters old Ariel Halloween costume, screaming “Part of Your World” into a hair brush.”
“I guess you’re right. I still feel like shit though. I should’ve been better prepared.”
“And what about these?” Dean asks, running his fingers through a bunch of nearly black, pulsating vines.
His father didn’t see it that way. He didn’t understand why Cas would be willing to sacrifice his future for some boy, but Dean was so much more than that. He was charming, gifted, kindhearted, and one of the only people that accepted Cas as he was. Dean was a beaming light amidst endless darkness, the rope pulling Cas back to the top of the cliff he was dangling from.
It was going smooth, until Dean messed up on a report at work. He put some wrong numbers in, threw off the entire thing, and the company had to make up for it. His boss sent him home early. He told him one more screw up like that, and he’d be fired.
“You told me you need a job and you need money. What if I could get you a job at the Biodome? Would you consider that?”
In that moment was everything that Cas had ever daydreamed about. It was everything he wet-dreamed about, except this was real. Dean was holding him close, and kissing him, and all of it was real.
“Well I told Cas that your family’s flight got canceled so you would’ve spent Thanksgiving by yourself.”
When Cas turned 18, he took it upon himself to research the steps to start hormone replacement therapy on his own. He found a couple local psychiatrists and endocrinologists who would be willing to see him. It was a process, but luckily he had some college refund money saved up, and he was approved.
She prepared an entire turkey, a ham, mashed potatoes, gravy, corn, a green bean casserole, stuffing, fresh cranberry sauce, squash, and dinner rolls.
“No. It looks really good.” Dean realized he was staring and jolted himself back into reality. “We have to put some aloe vera on that arm. It’ll help with the irritation.”
“I’m going to take whatever job will hire me. I’ll pick you up in 10?”
“You passed out in the bathroom. I had to kick the door in to get to you. I thought you were dead.”
Kevin cautiously walked over to her, leaning in as slowly as he possibly could. It was only about a 2 second kiss, but it was worth a lifetime of weird feelings.
Dean stopped, turning around slowly.
It was pouring rain, and Dean almost didn’t show up because it was raining when Cas got into his accident, but he just drove extra careful. It was worth the risk.
“Free as a bird, my dude. What’s up?”
“I should have known you’d already have this.”
Cas and Sam both knew how it felt to be possessed. To watch your body do things you have no control over. To hurt innocent people. To hurt the ones you love. They wanted Michael stopped before he did the unthinkable, and Dean back before…
Five minutes after one, there’s a knock on Cas’s door. He looks through the peephole and sees a large bouquet of bright yellow flowers. He opens the door and the flowers are slowly lowered to reveal Dean, with an apologetic look on his face.
Dean noticed that Cas only ate one of the pancakes and only a couple strips of bacon. There he was again, being everything Dean wished he could be, and doing it so effortlessly. It seemed unfair.
Dean was super focused, well, as focused as a tipsy man could be. Before each shot, he would take a deep breath, steady his hand, and carefully aim. It was usually followed by a frustrated grunt when he missed.
Dean: “
Cas: “
“No. I just want to see the flowers.”
Dean is taken aback. He was expecting to bolt out the door and take the first ship out to the moon, and have that be the end of it.
“Both,” Dean said, mouth full, crumbs flying on the steering wheel.
Dean lead Cas to his bedroom, sitting him down in a wooden chair near his light. He had Cas take off his jacket so he could assess whatever injuries the fire may have caused. It didn’t look bad. Mostly some redness, no blistering.
Dean placed his hands, trembling and careful, on either side of Cas’s face, cupping his cheeks and pulling him close as if he’d disappear otherwise. It was like learning to breathe underwater, or taking your first steps on the moon, so new and so scary, but spellbinding.
“How many more jobs do you have to apply for, I have some new plans to discuss with you.” Cas rummaged through his desk, pulling out a notebook.
“Not to ruin your fun, but it’s going to be lockdown soon.”
Everyone sat around the cardboard piece as Charlie sat the bottle in the center.
“I think we should throw a party or something. You can invite some of your coworkers, that way they’ll get to know each other, and Cas won’t think you’re blocking him out of your life.”
“I’m fine. Just trying not to enter a food coma you know?” Dean patted his stomach and grinned, trying to keep the mood light.
Dean shakes his head. “He um. He died a couple years back. Got blackout drunk and passed out behind a dumpster near his favorite bar. He didn’t have a mask on, and he inhaled too much of the gas and uh… yeah.”
“Dean Winchester, are you asking me to be your husband?” Cas asked, the same way he did when Dean asked him to be his boyfriend, only this time with much more disbelief.
Dean looked up and locked eyes with Cas, the nearby fire casting him in its warm glow. Meg was right, he was cute. They stood up to meet each other in the middle of the circle. He was praying Cas couldn’t tell how nervous he was because his breathing was definitely out of whack, and he was sweating.
He ate three of the cupcakes, and half a gallon of ice cream. He also fished out some pretzels and dipped them in peanut butter, right out of the jar. He could tell halfway through that he didn’t want to keep going, but his head insisted that he finish all of the food. By the time he finished his rampage through the kitchen, he felt bloated and disgusting.
“No, this is a two person thing, and it obviously means a lot to you, so grab the stickers and let’s scrap some books.”
Dean started drinking diet soda and zero calorie sports drinks, after an offhand comment Cas had made. Sam gave him shit for it, but being the health nut he was, he supported the change.
|~~~*****~~~|
“Dude, the pancakes. I still can’t believe we finished them in time. You have to admit, I came in clutch there at the end.” He laughed, looking at Cas’s face in the “After” photo. “I know we won, but Cas, you look like you’re gonna puke at any second in this picture.”
“That would ruin the surprise now wouldn’t it?” Dean grinned, standing up to get the coffee. As he poured them both a cup, he couldn’t help but wonder if tonight would be the night.
“From your mom?” Dean asked.
However, his panic subsided when he looked down and noticed that Dean had fallen asleep. He hadn’t heard a thing. His eyelashes were splayed across his cheeks. His lips slightly parted so he could breathe. Cas leaned forward and placed a kiss on Dean’s forehead. He was precious.
“Come on, I can’t eat all this by myself.” Cas frowned, offering the bowl again.
Dean grabbed the first aid kit from the bathroom and headed back. He poured some rubbing alcohol on a cotton ball and rubbed it gently over Cas’s arm.
Dean searched Cas’s face for any sign that he might have gotten through to him, tears blurring his vision, trembling lips struggling to hold back an earthquake of sobs.
Nonetheless, Dean lifted the bowl to his lips and pulled the smoke into his lungs. He leaned in close to Cas, and if Cas didn’t know better, he would’ve thought they were about to kiss. Dean reached up, and with one finger, pushed Cas’s chin down so he would open his mouth.
They binge watched classic horror movies on the weekends, Cas usually hiding under the blanket during the scary parts, then insisting they keep all the lights on because the monsters won't get you if the lights are on, it’s common courtesy. They’d play Mario Kart until Cas’s mom would come yell at them to be quiet, but she had never played Rainbow Road, she didn’t understand the stakes. And Dean couldn’t explain to her the humiliation of losing to Princess Peach for the 5th time in a row, or why Cas insisted on playing as her. But they had a lot of fun together, and grew close over the course of a year.
“I wish.”
“You know how when you pick a dandelion, you can squeeze milk out of the stem?”
“Be right back.” Cas ran down the hall, searching through Gabe’s things. He’d be pissed, but Cas didn’t care. He ran back to his room, stick in hand. “This should work.”
By the time November rolled around, it was time for Thanksgiving break. It was only a week, but Dean was looking forward to going home. While he enjoyed the freedom of living on campus, he underestimated how much he was going to miss Sam.
“Are these all your brothers and sisters?”
Charlie had just pulled up as they arrived, smiling and holding a tray of cookies.
“Damn it Cas, I need you!” Dean yelled, unable to keep his emotions inside any longer. He brought his hand to Cas’s face, softly caressing his cheek. “I need you to come back to me.”
Cas went shopping, and despite Dean’s requests for only healthy food, he brought home cupcakes and ice cream. Now, Dean could’ve binged on the lettuce and tomatoes Cas bought as well, but once he laid eyes on the sweets, his mind said “We have to get rid of it. We have to eat all of it now.”
Dean sat back on his heels, trying to catch his breath as Cas stood up. He was covered in mud and leaves, he was damp, and the sleeve of his jacket was singed.
He notices one of his favorite patrons, Dean Winchester, is part of the group. He’s tall, a little rough around the edges, and has eyes that Cas would love to describe, but he hasn’t found a plant quite that shade of green.
“Sounds good to me.”
Dean sat the scrapbook down, and sat on the edge of Cas’s bed. He took Cas’s hands into his own, and held them tight. He steadied his breath, focusing.
“Hey. I’m glad you decided to come.”
The three boys headed out to the Impala, and packed their things in the trunk. Sam sat in the back, listening to podcasts in between wisecracks. Cas rode shotgun while Dean drove. It didn’t go unnoticed that they spent the whole ride holding hands and listening to the Zeppelin Mixtape Dean had made for Cas.
The walls are painted in the faintest shade of gray, some artwork hung near the closet. The dressers are a contrasting dark wood that matches the floors, and there’s a fluffy rug at the foot of the bed. There aren’t any clothes strewn about, or ripped and faded posters on the wall, like in Dean’s room. Everything is neat and purposeful.
As time went on, Dean and Charlie started to drift apart. Even though they ended up in the same high school, they still faced the conflict of different class schedules, new friends being made, and new clubs to join. They still made a point to call each other, in between the occasional meme spam, just to make sure they didn’t completely fall out of touch.
“And what might that image be?”
It was still pretty warm when they arrived at the golf course. Despite Cas’s objections, Dean insisted on wearing a leather jacket.
Cas shook his head.
“Your eyes are the most beautiful shade of green.”
“One sec!”
Dean didn’t say anything. He stripped and hopped beneath the cool spray of the water, hoping to drown out reality.
The motion was pure muscle memory as Cas unfurled his wings. The vibrant rainbow feathers shimmered like stained glass, the holiness of pure happiness refracting in all the colors. They were light. No longer a burden he needed to carry, but instead they felt like air itself. Their beauty seemingly given life with the truth spoken in his final breath.
It wasn’t until the car ride home that the guilt set in. Dean knew he shouldn’t have eaten all of that food. He knew it was too much, and he didn’t care. He looked down to see his bloated stomach nearly popping the buttons on his shirt. It made him sick.
“Well, I think I’ll grab a beer. You want one?” Dean said, placing the towel on the counter.
Dean knew he was overreacting, and he didn’t want to tell Cas what he was thinking. He didn’t want to be lying on the bed and he didn’t want Cas to touch him.
“What can I say? I’m a “spread the love” kind of guy. Speaking of which…” Garth grabbed a glass bowl from the table behind him. “Y’all want in on this?”
“Dean, it’s fine.”
They joked about moving in together once Cas graduated college, but that all seemed like a pipe dream. Then again, Dean said he had been saving up, so there was still hope for that.
“It’s relaxing. Life has been a little chaotic lately.” Dean shifts his eyes to the ground, fiddling with a loose string on the hem of his shirt. He likes it here. It’s peaceful, and the air is so clean you don’t have to wear a mask inside. Of course you have to go through the decontamination room first, which kind of sucks, but Dean thinks it’s worth it.
“Not far. Couple miles.”
“Dean, I don’t mean to make you uncomfortable but, I would very much like to kiss you.”
“Thank you, Cas! This is friggin’ sweet!” Dean looked like a kid on Christmas morning, and Cas would throw a hundred more baseballs if it meant he could keep that smile on Dean’s face.
“Be right back.”
If Cas had to pick a location for a first date, his initial choice probably wouldn’t be a themed dive bar, yet here he was, knuckle deep in boneless wings, smiling like an idiot, across from a beautiful guy. He would’ve opted for the little Italian restaurant downtown, or mini golf, but Dean insisted on Pirate’s Cove, and how could he turn down that deep voice and those puppy dog eyes?
Dean crept into the kitchen of the bunker, rubbing his eyes. It was late at night and he didn’t want to wake Sammy, but he couldn’t fall back asleep. He poured himself a shot of whiskey which he downed in a quick gulp. He shook his head, trying to silence the voice that was keeping him up.
Precisely 28 seconds later, Dean was counting on his watch, Cas appeared knocking on the passenger side window. “Let me in.”
Cas finished washing a cup, and handed it to Dean. Their fingers brushed, and a spark coursed through Dean’s body. He quickly began toweling off the water, turning his head to hide the smirk on his face.
“Yeah. It can document are our lives together. Well, at least up until we get the house. We should start another one then.”
